the martian written by Drew Goddard base on the novel by Andy weir shoot script ext . space - mar - to establish the red planet momentarily eclipse the Sun . as sunlight break across the edge , warming the surface ... ext . mar - day we be moving through the channel of acidalia planitia to find the are 3 hab site . lewis ( over radio ) all right , team . stay in sight of each other . let 's make NASA proud ... title : SOL 18 ext . mar - day close on astronaut MARK watney . he 's in the middle of a eva experiment . he chip at a section of rock and record he observation on he arm computer . Bright -ey and optimistic . another day at the office . MARK in grid section fourteen twenty - eight , the particle appear predominantly " coarse , " but as we move to twenty - nine , the particle be much finer , and should be ideal for chem analysis . voice ( over radio ) hear that , everyone ? and we find rick martinez inspect the mar ascent vehicle ( a.k.a " the mav " ) on the launch pad . they speak over radio . martinez Mark just discover " dirt . " alert the media . MARK what 's you job today , martinez ? confirm the mav be still upright ? martinez Visual inspection of equipment be imperative to mission success . martinez study the mav for a moment , then speak thoughtfully into he arm computer : martinez ( cont 'd ) " the mav be still upright . " ( continued ) 2 . continued : voice ( radio ) watney , you keep leave you channel open ... find commander melissa lewis across the way , oversee a drill experiment . lewis which lead to martinez respond , which lead to we listen , which lead to I be annoyed . MARK martinez , Commander Lewis would like you please shut you smart mouth . voice speak for the smart people of the world ... int . hab - day dr . CHRIS beck study sample on slide at he station . beck we would prefer you use a different adjective to describe martinez ' mouth . ext . mar - day martinez do beck just insult I ? MARK Doctor beck . and yes . voice happy to turn they radio off from here , Commander ... int . hab - day beth johanssen sit inside at she computer , tracking ( among other thing ) the group 's communication . johanssen just say the word . ext . mar - day MARK johanssen , constant communication be the hallmark of a -- ( continued ) 3. continued : lewis shut `em off . click . Mark and martinez ' radio go silent . as Lewis work , we see Mark throw up he arm in the background , like " hey ! c'mon ! " lewis ( cont 'd ) I apologize for my countryman , Vogel . alex vogel wear the european union patch on he shoulder . alex accept . how many sample do we need , Commander ? lewis Seven . one hundred gram each . drill at least thirty centimeter down . while the two of they use a specimen drill to bore hole in the ground , we see Mark wave he arm in the background : c'mon , turn my radio back on ... int . hab - day johanssen frown as she receive a mission update from Houston . her face go pale ... johanssen um ... Commander ? you should come inside ... ext . hab - day johanssen ( over radio ) you be gonna want to see this . Lewis read the tension in johanssen 's voice . lewis what be it ? johanssen we get a mission update . Storm warning . lewis I see the warning in the morning briefing . we will be inside long before it hit . ( continued ) 4. continued : johanssen they have upgrade they estimate . ( beat ) the storm 's gonna be worse . lewis look to the sky . in the distance : a STORM darken the horizon . angle MARK : as the dirt in front of he start to blow in the income wind ... int . hab - day Lewis read the update . everyone else be inside as well . mood be grim -- this be not good news . lewis " ... twelve - hundred kilometer in diameter , bear 24.41 degree ... " johanssen that 's tracking right towards we . lewis " ... base on current escalation , estimate a force of ... ( shit ) " eighty -six hundred newtons . " MARK what 's the abort Force ? beck seventy - five hundred . martinez anything above that and the mav could tip . vogel we be scrubbed ? lewis ( reading ) " begin abort procedure . " everyone try to hide they crush disappointment . martinez maybe it will not be as bad as they say . vogel they be estimate with a margin of error . we can wait it out . ( continued ) 5 . continued : MARK ( nods ) let 's wait it out . on lewis . this news hit she worst of all . she try to consider all she option . mind racing . johanssen Commander ? fuck . lewis prep for emergency departure . MARK commander -- lewis we be scrubbed . ext . hab - STORM - day the high wind slam into we five astronaut as they exit the airlock . they struggle to stay on they foot as they fight they way through the punish storm . lewis visibility be almost zero . if you get lose , home in on my suit 's telemetry . the wind 's gonna be rougher away from the hab , so be ready . Sand continue to slam they as they take step after agonizing step towards the mav . it 's brutal ; they fight for every inch . MARK hey . maybe we could shore up the mav . make tipping less likely . lewis how ? MARK we could use cable from the solar farm as guy line . Mark pause to catch he breath . start forward again ... MARK ( cont 'd ) the rover could be anchor . the trick would be get around the -- ( continued ) 6 . continued : wham ! a massive section of antenna slam into MARK out of nowhere . he 's lift off he foot and yanked away into the storm . it happen fast . one second he 's there ... and then he 's go . johanssen watney !!! lewis what happen ? johanssen something hit he -- lewis watney , report -- ( no reply ) watney , report ! johanssen beck he 's offline . I do not know -- Commander , before we lose where he be -- telemetry , he decompression alarm go off -- lewis johanssen shit ! johanssen where do -- he be right in front of you last see he ? I and then he be go . he fly off due west -- Lewis survey the scene . visibility be near zero . she can barely see the people next to she . tries to keep she heart from pounding out of she chest . lewis ( cont 'd ) okay ... okay ... martinez , get to the mav and prep for launch . everyone else , home in on johanssen . johanssen ( stumbling ) I can not see anything -- vogel Doctor beck ! how long can a person survive decompression ? beck less than minute . lewis line up and walk west . small step . he 's probably prone . we do not want to step over he . ( continued ) 7. continued : ( 2 ) the group fight through the chaos -- int . mav - continuous - day whoosh ! martinez dive into the airlock , force the door close . wait for agonizing second as it pressurize ... pressurized . martinez race up the ladder , slide into the pilot 's couch and boot the system . martinez Commander -- the mav 's get a 8 degree tilt . it will tip at 12.3 -- ext . hab - STORM - continuous - day lewis copy that -- beck check the readout on he arm computer . beck johanssen , watney 's bio-monitor send something before go offline . my computer just say " bad packet " -- johanssen it do not finish transmit . ( work she arm computer ) I have the raw packet . it 's plaintext : BP 0 , pr 0 , tp 36.2. beck copy . ( then ) blood pressure zero . pulse rate zero . temperature normal . lewis temperature normal ? beck it take a while for the ... it take a while for the body to cool . everyone stop short as that news land . martinez ( over radio ) Commander . tilting at 10.5 degree now , with gust push it to 11 . lewis copy . if it tip , can you launch before it completely fall over ? ( continued ) 8. continued : martinez ( over radio ) ( hesitate ) uh. yes. ma'am . I could take manual control . lewis copy that . everyone home in on martinez ' suit . that will get you to the airlock . get in and prep for launch . vogel what about you , Commander ? lewis I be search a little more . get move . and martinez , if you start to top , launch . martinez ( over radio ) you really think I be leave you behind ? lewis I just order you to . you three , get to the ship . ( as they hesitate ) go . int . mav - continuous - day Vogel , beck , and johanssen stumble into the airlock . ext . STORM - continuous - day Lewis can not see a thing in any direction . c'mon , think , Melissa , think ... she reach into the pack on she back and remove two of the one meter drill bit she be use earlier to take sample . she hold one in each hand , drag they on the ground as she trudge through the sand . lewis johanssen , would the rover ir camera do any good ? int . mav - continuous - day johanssen ( into radio ) negative . ir can not get through sand any better than visible light . they rip off they helmet . scramble up the ladder . ( continued ) 9 . continued : beck what 's she think ? she 's a geologist . she know ir can not get through a sandstorm . vogel she 's grasp . for anything . martinez Commander . we be tilting 11.6 degree . one good gust and we be tipping . lewis ( over radio ) what about the proximity radar ? could it detect watney 's suit ? martinez no way . it 's make to see Hermes in orbit , not the metal in a single suit . lewis ( over radio ) copy . give it a try . beck slide into he acceleration couch . beck Commander , I know you do not want to hear this , but watn ... Mark 's dead . lewis ( over radio ) copy . ( then ) martinez , try the radar . martinez Roger . as martinez wait for the radar , he glare at beck . martinez ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ? beck my friend just die . I do not want my Commander to die too . ext . STORM - continuous - day Lewis fight she way through the storm . martinez ( over radio ) negative contact on proximity radar . ( continued ) 10 . continued : lewis nothing ? int . mav - continuous - day martinez it can barely see the hab . there 's not enough met -- screeeach -- the mav lurch , begin to tip -- martinez ( cont 'd ) strap in ! we be tipping ! johanssen vogel 13 degree -- -- we be past balance . we will never rock back -- beck let it tip . we can not leave she . martinez we will never be able to fix it if it tip . I get one trick leave , then I be follow order . ext . mav - continuous - day whoosh -- martinez fire a burn from the nosecone array . the thruster fight against the slow tilt of the spacecraft ... int . mav - continuous - day vogel you be fire the oms ? martinez johanssen c'mon ... c' mon ... 12.9 degree ... beck Commander . you need to get back to the ship . now . martinez agreed . he 's go , ma'am ... ext . STORM - continuous - day Lewis stand alone in the storm . martinez ( over radio ) watney 's go . she stare out at the darkness all around she . 11 . int . mav - continuous - day martinez fight the control . beck and johanssen share nervous glance . finally : lewis ( over radio ) copy . on my way . johanssen 11.6 ... 11.5 ... hold at 11.5 ... int . mav - airlock - continuous - day whoosh . down below , Lewis slam the airlock door shut . she tear off she suit . make she way to the flight cabin . she do not say a word as she strap herself in to she couch . for a moment , nobody speak . then : martinez still at pilot release . ready for launch . Lewis close she eye . nod . martinez ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Commander . you need to verbally -- lewis Launch . martinez nod . activate the sequence . the pyros FIRE . the main engine ignite ... close on lewis . just as the mav lurch upward , we -- CUT to : int . NASA - PRESS room - day theodore " teddy " sander , director of NASA , steel himself before he step to the podium . normally , he leave this briefing to he press secretary . today be different . he open a red folder . teddy at around 4:30 a.m. , central standard time , we satellite detect a storm approach the are 3 mission site on Mars . ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . continued : teddy ( cont 'd ) by 6:45 , the storm have escalate to " severe , " and we have no choice but to abort the mission . thanks to the quick action of Commander Lewis , astronaut beck , johanssen , martinez , and Vogel be all able to reach the Mars ascent vehicle and perform a emergency launch at 7:28 central time . ( then ) unfortunately , during the evacuation , astronaut Mark watney be strike by debris and kill . Commander Lewis and the rest of she team be able to intercept safely with the Hermes and be now head home ... ( waver , then ) but Mark watney be dead . as the cacophony of question erupt from the press -- ext . mar - day clear sky above the surface of Mars once again . prelap the sound of a alarm : arrr ... arrr ... arrr ... a body lie facedown , half - cover in red sand at the base of a hill . we catch a glimpse of the nametag on the spacesuit : " watney . " the oxygen alarm inside the helmet continue to blare . and just as it build to crescendo ... Mark watney gasp for air . he jerk back into consciousness . he 's disorient , alarm blaring inside he helmet . as he struggle to move ... he scream in pain . glance down . see : a jagged length of antenna have pierce he spacesuit and stab straight into he abdomen . cake blood all around the wound . Mark 's training kick in -- the suit be breach -- he struggle to he knee -- gasp in pain -- he reach to the side of he helmet for the breach kit -- pull the valve free -- grab hold of the antenna ... grit he tooth ... and yank the antenna out of he side . the antenna snap free -- the suit be expose to atmosphere -- the pressure inside drop -- Mark cry out , go woozy -- but stay conscious . ( continued ) 13 . continued : he slam the breach kit over the hole . seal it . check he arm readout . the oxygen stabilize . he 's still alive . for now . he struggle to he foot . pick up the length of antenna . begins the long climb up the hill . ext . mar - hab - day we be with MARK as he make the climb , and as he crest the hill we swing around to reveal : the are 3 habitation ( a.k.a . " the hab " ) : the large , white tent - like structure where the six crew member live during they time on Mars . it 's be batter by the storm , but it 's still intact . Mark register momentary relief . but then he eye dart over to the mav launch site . it 's empty . he keep walk . int . hab - airlock - day Mark fumble he way into one of the hab 's airlock . as soon as the airlock equalize , he tear off he helmet ... int . hab - day Mark stumble into the main area . peel off he jumpsuit . wince as he rip the blood - cake fabric away from he wound . his finger probe the puncture . it 's deep . that 's bad . he check he back for a exit wound . there 's none . that 's good . he grab the break antenna he bring with he . his finger trace the bloody end . it 's jag -- as though a piece of the antenna break off inside he . that 's really bad . Mark stumble over to the first - aid station . grab supplies . anesthetic . syringe . forcep . needle . suture thread . ( this be not exactly go to be easy to watch . ) sweat pour off he brow , Mark load up the syringe with anesthetic . grit he tooth . inject it into he wound . gasp . breathes . grab the forcep . hesitates . I do not want to do this . he take a deep breath ... and dig the forcep into he wound . ( continued ) 14 . continued : he cry out in pain . nearly go unconscious . fights it . do not pass out , Mark . he probe with the forcep , grimace in agony . he can not find it . pushes the forcep in deeper . and deeper . Jesus . Mark 's face go white . he find it . yank the forcep free . see the small piece of shrapnel . it 's out . hallelujah . Mark grab the needle . tries to thread it . his hand will not stop shaking . he make fist . c'mon Mark . steady himself just enough . he begin to stitch himself up . bit by agonizing bit . his hand keep shaking , but he refuse to stop until the wound be close . finally ... he 's do . he clip the suture . collapse back into he chair . oh Jesus . tries to catch he breath . we slowly angle in on MARK as he struggle to breathe ... and breathe ... and as we settle into a closeup , we see the full reality of Mark 's situation hit he . he 's in agony . Left for dead . all by himself . the only man on the planet . his eye drift to the middle distance . then ... MARK fuck . CUT to title : the martian int . hab - day cam angle : we be look through what ( we assume ) be a NASA camera . Mark 's head peek into frame . he adjust the camera , seem unfamiliar with how to work the video journal . MARK okay . okay ... he type on the keypad . we see the NASA timestamp appear on the frame . there , it 's work . MARK ( cont 'd ) this be ... Mark watney . astronaut . I be enter this log for the record , in case I ... do not make it . it 's ... ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . continued : MARK ( cont 'd ) oh-six - fifty - three on sol 19 . and ... I be still alive . ( thinks ) obviously . but I be guess this be go to be a surprise to my crewmate . and NASA . and ... the world . so ... surprise . ( then ) I do not die on sol 18 . best I can tell - Mark hold up the jag piece of antenna . MARK ( cont 'd ) -- this length of we primary communication antenna tore through my bio-monitor . and rip a hole in I as well . it be horrible thank you for ask . but the antenna ... and the blood ... manage to seal the breach in my suit . which keep I alive . even though the team must have think I be dead . ( then ) Commander Lewis ... if you ever hear this ... listen . it be not you fault . just bad luck . you do what you have to do , and if I have be in you position I would have do the same . I be glad you guy make it . ( then ) all right , though . that 's where we be at . Mark watney , strand on Mars . I have no way to contact NASA because we communication antenna break and stick into my stomach . which we have cover . and even if I could , it will take ... four year before the next manned mission get here . and I be in a hab design to last thirty - one day . ( then ) if the oxygenator break , I will suffocate . if the water reclaimer break , I will die of thirst . if the hab breach , I will just sort of ... implode . and if , by some miracle , none of that happen ... eventually I be go to run out of food . so ... yeah . Mark trail off . it 's one thing to know it . it 's another to say it out loud . MARK ( cont 'd ) yeah . 16 . int . hab - night Mark sit in he bunk . drumming he finger on the wall . think . ext . mar - dawn the first sliver of sunlight start to creep over the horizon . title : SOL 21 int . hab - day Mark flush the toilet , which begin the procedure of vacuum - drying the waste . Mark glance back at the system . hmmm ... the system finish its process , sealing the waste into -- a silver bag . Mark study the bag . idea form . int . hab - day inventory . Mark remove all of the ration pack , stack they in orderly pile as he catalogue they content . one case in particular catch he attention . label : " do not OPEN until thanksgive . " int . hab - dawn Mark sit in the darkness . we get the sense he have not move much in the night . he stare into the middle distance . then . he make the decision . get up , Mark . he get to he foot . move with purpose as he rummages through the hab . look for something . where be it ? there ... a pencil . he pull a notecard free from one of he manual . Paper . back to basic . he sit at the table . and begin write math equation . MARK ( prelap ) let 's do the math ... CUT to : ( continued ) 17 . continued : Mark address camera . he look a little less - terrible than he do before . MARK ( cont 'd ) we surface mission here be suppose to take thirty - one day . for redundancy , they send enough food to last for sixty - eight day . for six people . so for just I , it will last three - hundred day . and I figure I can stretch that to four hundred if I ration . so ... I have still gotta figure out how to grow three year worth of food . here . on a planet where nothing grow . luckily , I be the botanist . Mark hold up one of he mission brief . point to the word " botanist " under " watney . " look at we like , impressed ? MARK ( cont 'd ) Mars will come to fear my botany power . ext . hab - day Mark collect the pile of silver bag . carry they inside . int . hab - day Mark stand in the kitchen , surround by silver bag . he fill a large container with water from the reclaimer . he dump in the content of the compost bin . then he stare at the bag . he do not look happy . he tear open a bag . dump the content into the bin . tear open another bag . as he do so , he start to gag -- title : SOL 24 ext . mar - hab - day Mark scoops martian dirt into a container with a small shovel . he carry the container to the airlock -- int . hab - day Mark enter the hab , dump he container of dirt into a corner where he 's clear a empty area . title : SOL 25 18 . int . hab - day same shot . Mark enter with another container . we follow to reveal ... there 's now a huge pile of dirt in the corner . title : SOL 28 int . hab - day Mark have spread the dirt over a third of the hab floor . he stare at the compost bin . eye it like it 's he nemesis . then he take a deep breath . open the bin . begins dump it over the martian dirt . he can not hold he breath forever . he breathes eventually . oh god , that 's horrible . title : SOL 31 int . hab - day Mark cut each potato into four quarter , make sure each quarter have at least two eye . he begin plant each potato quarter in nice , orderly row . as he work , we slowly widen out to reveal -- the entire hab be now cover in soil . not just the floor -- Mark have clear every available surface -- bunk , countertop , table -- and cover it with he dirt . int . hab - day Mark pack soil on top of one of the crew member 's bunk . as he move the personal item aside , he find a data - stick . he hold it up and look at it : hmmmm . CUT to : Mark have plugge the data-stick into the computer and be now view its content : old episode of seventies television . Mark just sit there . watch happy day . title : SOL 36 MARK ( prelap ) the problem be water ... int . / ext - rover - day Mark trudge out to the Mars descent vehicle ( mdv ) -- the lander that bring the six of they to Mars . he delicately begin to remove the hydrazine tank from the undercarriage ... ( continued ) 19 . continued : MARK ( v.o . ) I have create one-hund and twenty - six square meter of soil . but each cubic meter need forty liter of water to be farmable . so , I gotta make a lot of water . fortunately , I know the recipe . take hydrogen . add oxygen . burn . unfortunately ... burn . ( then ) I have hundred of liter of unused hydrazine from the mdv . if I run the hydrazine over a iridium catalyst , it will separate into n2 and h2 ... int . hab - day Science time . Quick cut now as Mark show we how to make water by burn rocket fuel : -- Mark duct tape tear trash - bag to create a tent , which he use to cover he work table . -- he tear a air hose from one of the space suit , tape it to the tent , hang it from the roof . now he have a chimney . -- Mark vent pure oxygen from a tank , light it with a spark from battery wire . whoosh . point the flame at the wood shaving . now he have a small torch . -- Mark hold the torch , start the hydrazine flow . the hydrazine sizzle on the iridium and disappear . follow Mark 's gaze up to the chimney . flame burst start sputtering out from the hose . Mark grin . it 's work . Mark check he instrument . watch the temperature carefully . repeat the process . we may also notice Mark be wear the protective inner lining of he eva suit . along with goggle . a oxygen mask hang around he neck . int . hab - day Mark talk directly to camera . we may notice he be stand in the middle of what look like a mad-scientist 's chemistry experiment . MARK then I just need to direct the hydrogen into a small area and burn it . luckily , in the history of humanity , nothing bad have ever happen from lighting hydrogen on fire . ( continued ) 20 . continued : Mark just stare at the camera . then continue . MARK ( cont 'd ) believe it or not , the challenge have be find something that will hold a flame . NASA hate fire . because of the whole " fire make everyone die in space " thing . so everything we bring with we be flame retardant . with the notable exception of ... martinez ' personal item . he hold up martinez ' pack . remove a small wooden cross . MARK ( cont 'd ) sorry , martinez . if you do not want I to go through you stuff , you should not have leave I for dead on a desolate planet . he start shave the cross down with a knife . MARK ( cont 'd ) I figure God will not mind , consider the situation . int . hab - day Mark 's still at it . he look exhaust . he go through the procedure once again . glance at the atmospheric analyzer . hm . be that right ? do not give it a second think . he strike the torch again ... boom ! the explosion be loud , fast , and contained . it blast Mark clear across the room . he hit the ground like a wet rag . int . hab - day Mark talk to camera . his clothes be somewhat scorched . his hair be singe in patch . MARK so. yes . I blow myself up . ( then ) best guess ? I forget to account for the excess oxygen I have be exhaling when I do my calculation . because I be stupid . he 's still daze . a little out of it . ( continued ) 21 . continued : MARK ( cont 'd ) interesting side note : this be how jet propulsion Laboratory be found . five guy at Cal tech be try to make rocket fuel and nearly burn down they dorm . Rather than expel they , Professor ... von karman ? I want to say ... banish they to a nearby farm in pasadena and tell they to keep work . and now we have a space program . ( then ) see ? I pay attention . ( then ) I be gonna get back to work . as soon as my ear stop ringing . he just sit there for a while . int . hab - day Mark 's back at it . he check he math , adjust the o2 level . he glance at camera , then cross he finger . wince as he fire up the torch . he do not blow up . phew . start venting the hydrazine . CUT to : later . Mark step back from the table . wipe the sweat from he brow . look at he hand . sweat . he walk over to the wall . see the condensation . bead of water everywhere . he trace they with he finger . it 's as though he 's create a rainforest in he hab . he walk to the water reclaimer . take the lid off the tank . it 's now filled with water . Mark grin . title : SOL 48 int . hab - day / night wide shot : we see the entire hab . the surface cover with soil , the cramped live space , the mad-scientist experiment . Mark work at the table . and as he do so ... we begin to speed up . time lapse photography : Mark vent the hydrazine -- Mark check he readout -- Mark collect water from the reclaimer -- Mark spread the water over he soil -- Mark eat lunch -- Mark go back to work -- move faster and faster : ( continued ) 22. continued : Mark sleep -- Mark put on he spacesuit -- Mark exit the hab -- Mark bring in more dirt -- Mark vent hydrazine -- Mark eat -- Mark sleep -- while the day fly by , we be slowly angling towards the back of the room ... -- Mark work Mark eat Mark sleep Mark work -- towards a small patch of soil in the corner . we land in closeup : soil fill the frame . we hold . and after a beat ... a single , green sprout break through the soil . title : SOL 54 CUT to black . ext . space and from black , we find earth . the calming blue-green a welcome reprieve from the fiery red of Mars . ext . arlington national cemetery - day teddy speak before a memorial . a somber crowd listen in silence . we watch from far away . teddy we nation be bless to have Mark serve in we space program . his loss will be deeply feel , but the man and woman of NASA will soldier forth , onward and upward , unbroken in the mission of they agency . in do so , they honor the legacy Mark leave behind , and they ensure he sacrifice will not be in vain . ext . NASA - day a man walk past the NASA logo greeting visitor at the gate . title : johnson space CENTER , houston , TX int . NASA - day the man enter the main lobby . title : vincent kapoor , director of mar mission , NASA Guards glance up from the television , nod hello . as Vincent walk through security , we catch a glimpse of they screen : ( continued ) 23. continued : a CNN title read : " President speak at watney Memorial . " int . NASA - various - day as Vincent make he way through NASA , we notice everyone in the build be watch news report of the watney service . on the screen : we catch a brief glimpse of a female astronaut float in zero-g , eulogize Mark . int . NASA - teddy' office - day a man sit at he desk , stare out the window . we recognize he from the beginning of the movie . title : teddy sander , director of NASA on the television , we see teddy shake hand with the President at the service . Vincent give it a pass glance as he enter . vincent I think you give a lovely speech , by the way . not one for small talk , teddy gesture for Vincent to hand he the request form he 's hold . vincent ( cont 'd ) I need you to authorize my satellite time . teddy give it a quick glance , shake he head . teddy it 's not gonna happen . vincent we be fund for five are mission . I think I can get Congress to authorize a sixth . teddy no . vincent they evac would after eighteen sol . there 's half a mission worth of supplies up there . I can sell another mission at a fraction of the cost . I just need to know what 's leave of we asset . ( continued ) 24 . continued : teddy you be not the only one who need satellite time . we have get the are 4 supply mission come up . we should be focus on the schiaparelli crater . vincent I be talk about secure we another mission . we have twelve satellite in orbit , we can surely spare a few hour -- teddy it 's not about the satellite time , Vince . Vincent shrug -- then what be it ? teddy ( cont 'd ) we be a public domain organization . we have to be transparent about this . vincent and ? teddy the second we point the satellite at the hab ... I broadcast picture of Mark watney 's dead body to the world . vincent ( disbelief ) you be afraid of a pr problem ? teddy of course I be afraid of a pr problem . another mission ? Congress will not reimburse we for a paper clip if we put a dead astronaut on the cover of the Washington Post . vincent so ... what do we do ? he 's not go to decompose . he will be there forever . teddy meteorology estimate he will be cover in sand from normal weather activity within a year . vincent we can not wait a year for this . we have work to do . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) teddy are 5 will not even launch for another five year . we have plenty of time . Vincent think about it . frustrate . tries another tack . vincent okay , consider this . right now , the world be on we side . Sympathy for watney 's family be high ... he know this sound cold , but he 's out of option . vincent ( cont 'd ) are 6 could bring the body back . we do not say that 's the purpose of the mission , but we make it clear that would be part of it . we frame it that way , we get more support in Congress . I can sell it . but not if we wait a year . teddy stare back out the window . Vincent have a point . vincent ( cont 'd ) in a year , people will not care any more . int . NASA - mission control - night a woman in she twenty check the work order on she screen . title : mindy park , satellite communications , NASA she straighten up when she see the request come from " kapoor , Vincent . " she enter the latitude and longitude ... mindy acidalia planitia ... her heart start to beat a little faster . click . the image pop up : overhead shot of the hab site . morbid curiosity get the better of she , she scan for Mark 's dead body . do not find it . hmmm ... she zoom in on the hab . that 's strange . and then it hit she . oh god . she do not know what to do . it take she a moment to find the phone . heart pounding . ( continued ) 26 . continued : mindy ( cont 'd ) Security ? this be mindy Park in satcon. I need the emergency contact number for Dr. kapoor . yes , he . yes it 's a emergency -- int . NASA - mission control - night a hard - charge woman stare at we in SHOCK -- woman oh you have got to be shitting I -- title : annie montrose , director of media Relations , NASA Annie , Vincent , and teddy all huddle in the conference room . image of the hab site on the screen around they . teddy how sure ? vincent nearly 100 % . annie do you understand the shitstorm that 's about to hit we ? teddy Annie , one thing at a time . ( to vincent ) prove it to I . vincent ( point to image ) for starter , the solar panel have be clean . teddy they could have be clean by wind . vincent look at Rover 2 . accord to the log , Commander Lewis take it out on sol 17 . plugge it into the hab to recharge . it 's be move . teddy she could have forget to log the move . vincent here 's the clincher . check the mdv . it 's be take apart . there 's no way they do that without tell we . ( continued ) 27 . continued : annie why do not we talk to Lewis ? let 's go to capcom and ask she directly right now . Vincent shoot teddy a glance . after a moment , teddy understand what it mean . teddy no. if watney be really alive ... we do not want the are 3 crew to know . annie what ? how can you not tell they ? teddy they have another ten month on they trip home . Space travel be dangerous . we need they alert and undistracted . annie they already think he 's dead . vincent and they would be devastate to find out they abandon he alive . annie you be on board with this ? vincent we have to protect the crew . there 's nothing they can do anyway . let they deal with the emotional trauma when they be not trap in a spaceship . teddy how do we handle the public ? annie we have twenty - four hour before we be require to release the pic . teddy we will need to release a statement with they . we do not want people work it out on they own . annie " dear America . remember that astronaut we think we kill and have a nice funeral for ? turn out he 's alive and we leave he on Mars . we bad . sincerely , NASA . " ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) teddy ( stand up ) I need to get on a plane to Chicago . vincent ( why ? oh ... ) Mark 's parent . teddy ( nods ) they should hear it from I before it break on the news . annie they will be happy to hear they son 's alive , at least . teddy he 's alive . but if my math be right , he 's gonna starve to death long before we can help he . ( then ) I be not exactly look forward to that conversation . Vincent 's eye drift to the image of Mars . vincent can you even imagine what he 's go through ? he 's fifty million mile from home . he think he 's totally alone and that we all give up on he . what kind of effect do that have on a man' psychology ? ( then ) what 's he think about right now ? ext . space - mar - to establish MARK ( prelap ) I be gonna die up here ... int . hab - day Mark stare directly into camera . MARK ... if I have to listen to any more goddamn disco music . we now notice that Vicki Sue Robinson 's " turn the beat around " be play on the computer . ( continued ) 29 . continued : MARK ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Commander Lewis , you could not have pack anything from this century ? ( then ) I be not turn the beat around . I refuse to . CUT to : int . hab - night Mark sit at he work station , check a map of Mars while he make calculation . title : SOL 70 MARK ( v.o. ) it 's time to start think long term . the next NASA mission be are 4 . it 's suppose to land at the schiaparelli crater , 3,200 km away . we see Mark trace a route from he position to the crater . MARK ( v.o. ) NASA presupply each mission year in advance , so the mav be already there , synthesize fuel . in four year when the Hermes return , I will have to launch from there . which mean I gotta get to the crater . ext . hab - day Quick cut . Mark rip the ( very large ) battery out of Rover 1 and drag it over to Rover 2 . stare at it . where be I gonna put this ? int . hab - night Mark speak directly to camera . MARK but here 's the rub . I have get two rover design to go a max distance of 35 kilometer before they need to be recharge at the hab . that 's problem A. Problem B be it will take I ... roughly fifty day to make the journey . so I have to be able to live for fifty day . Inside a rover with marginal life support the size of a small van . ( more ) ( continued ) 30 . continued : MARK ( cont 'd ) and yeah , problem C be if I do not figure out how to make contact with NASA in the first place , none of this matter anyway . so ... yes , in the face of overwhelming odd , I be leave with only one option : ( then ) I be gonna have to science the shit out of this . music up : the bounce bass line of " rubberband man " by the spinner carry we through -- ext . hab - day -- Mark attaches the battery to Rover 2 with a makeshift harness . ext . hab - dusk -- Mark sit behind the wheel of he wagon train . take it for a test drive . it 's not pretty , but the spare battery hold . as do the solar cell . int . rover - night Mark speak to the camera . his tooth be chatter . MARK okay , so ... success ? I have double my battery life by scavenge Rover 1 . but . if I use the heater , it will eat up half my battery power every day . if I do not use the heater , I will be slowly kill by the law of thermodynamics . ( try to stop shaking ) I would like to solve this problem , but unfortunately my brain be freeze . Mark drive back towards the hab . ext . mar - day Mark drive the Rover across acidalia planitia . in the distance : a GREEN flag be plant at the top of a hill . MARK ( v.o. ) good news : I may have a solution to my heating problem . Mark climb the hill . MARK ( v.o. ) bad news : it involve I digging up the radioisotope thermoelectric generator . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . continued : MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now , if I remember my training correctly , one of the lesson be title , " do not dig up the Big box of plutonium , Mark ... " Mark begin to dig up the big box of plutonium . MARK ( v.o. ) I get it . rtgs be good for spacecraft , but if they rupture around human ... no more human . which be why we bury it when we arrive . and plant that flag so we would never be stupid enough to accidentally go near it again . Mark unearth the rtg . it look like a small missile . MARK but . as long as I do not break it ... ( hesitate ) I almost say " everything will be fine " out loud . my point be ... int . rover - day Mark talk to camera while he drive the rover . he 's cover in sweat . he even have he shirt off . MARK I be not cold anymore . and yes , I could choose to think about the fact that I be warm because I have a decaye radioactive isotope riding shotgun next to I , but right now I have bigger problem on my hand . I have scour every single data file on Commander Lewis ' personal drive , and this be officially the least disco song she own . Mark hit play on the computer . " hot stuff " by donna summer start play . it 's super disco-y . Mark drive , stone - face , while it play . ext . mar - day the rover head towards the hab in the distance , grow smaller and smaller in frame . gotta have some hot love baby this evening ... hot hot hot hot ... stuff ... int . NASA - PRESS room - day satellite imagery : from above , Mark 's rover cut across Mars . reporter 1 where be watney go ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : a CNN reporter conduct a interview with Vincent in the NASA media room . Annie watch like a nervous stage mom . vincent we believe he 's prepare for a journey . he 's conduct incremental test -- take Rover 2 out for longer and longer trip each time . reporter 2 to what end ? why would he leave the relative safety of the hab ? vincent communication . we believe he plan to travel to the are 4 launch site in order to make contact with we . but it would be a dangerous gamble . reporter 3 he would be risk he life to talk to you ? vincent ( nods ) this be the problem Mark face . he 's alone . and he need to make contact to survive . but if we could talk to he , we would tell he to stay put . Mark need to trust we be do everything in we power to bring he home alive . int . NASA - day venkat walk quickly down the hall with Annie ... annie do not say " bring he home alive . " it remind the world he might die . venkat you think people might forget that ? annie you ask how you do and I be give you my answer . my answer be " eh . " and yes , I be go to make everyone forget there 's a strong likelihood Mark watney be go to die because that 's what you pay I for and unfortunately I need this job because I be currently pay alimony to two deadbeat ex-husband because somehow gender equality have bitten I square in the ass . ( continued ) 33. continued : venkat hard to believe tha -- annie I leave they . int . NASA - conference room - day Vincent and Annie enter just as the rest of the Department head be settling for the meeting . teddy glance up -- teddy do not say " bring he home alive , " Vincent . vincent you know , this interview be not easy . God forbid I try to say something proactive and positive . teddy Annie ... annie no more Vincent on television . copy that . Vincent start to muster a " be you kid I ? " as mindy pass out a brief to the department head . teddy seventy - six kilometer . be I read that right ? nobody 's quite sure who teddy be ask . mindy be you ask I ? teddy I be . mindy yes , sir . Mark drive straight away from the hab for almost two hour , do a short eva , then drive for another two . we think the eva be to change battery . a man who seem to embody the word " gruff " stare at mindy over he brief . who be this kid ? gruff man be we do a daddy / daughter thing today ? where 's the director of satcon ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : title : mitch henderson , Hermes Flight director , NASA vincent Ms. Park be the person who figure out Mark be alive in the first place . she 's in charge of tracking he now . teddy quit be a dick , Mitch . where 's Mark go ? be this another test ? mindy he 's seventy - six kilometer away from the hab . if it 's a test and it do not work ... he 's dead . teddy he do not load up the oxygenator or the Water reclaimer ? mindy I do not see that happen , no sir . teddy you do not see it ? mindy every forty - one hour , we have a seventeen minute gap . it 's just the way the orbit work . so ... it 's possible we miss something . teddy I want that gap down to four minute . I be give you total authority over satellite trajectory and orbital adjustment . make it happen . mindy ( um ... ) okay . teddy let 's assume Ms. Park do not miss something , so Mark 's not go to are 4 . yet . but he 's smart enough to figure out that 's he only chance . Bruce , what 's the earliest we could get a presupply there ? teddy look to the brilliant- but-constantly - harry man skyping in on the computer screen . title : bruce no , director , jet propulsion Laboratory . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce with the position of Earth and Mars , it will take nine month . and it will take we six month to build it in the first place . teddy Three month . ( off bruce ) you be gonna say that 's impossible , then I be gonna give a speech about the blind capability of the JPL team . and then you will do the math in you head and say something like " the overtime alone will be a nightmare . " bruce ( oh god I do not even think of that ) the overtime will be a nightmare . teddy get start . I will find you the money . mitch it 's time to tell the crew . vincent Mitch , we discuss this . mitch you discuss this . but I be the one who decide what 's best for the crew . they deserve to know . teddy sorry , Mitch . I be with Vincent . they need to concentrate on get home . mitch bullshit . teddy once we have a real rescue plan , we will tell they . otherwise it 's moot . Bruce have three month to get the payload do . that 's all that matter right now . bruce we will do we best . teddy Mark die if you do not . 36 . int . hab - night the hab have be transformed into a makeshift greenhouse . plant sprout everywhere . Mark uproot some of the potato , cut they in piece . replant they . title : SOL 79 MARK ( v.o. ) it 's be 48 sol since I plant the potato , so now its time to reap and be - sow . they grow even better than I expect . I now have 400 healthy potato plant . the smaller one I will re-seed . the larger one be my food supply . all natural , organic , martian - grow potato . you do not hear that every day , do you ? ( then ) but , by the way , none of this matter , at all , if I do not figure out how to make contact with NASA ... int . hab - night back to work . Mark sit at the table , study he map . he can not crack the problem . c'mon , Mark , think ... then it hit he . he zoom in on the map . we catch a glimpse of two word : " chryse planitia . " Mark leap from he chair . Studies the map up close . he nod . whisper to himself . okay ... MARK I know what I be gonna do . int . NASA - mission control - night satellite view : Mark 's Rover 2 cut through Mars . mindy he 's on the move again -- Vincent huddle over mindy 's screen . vincent where the hell be he go ? he have not change course in thirteen day . and he 's nowhere near course for are 4 ... mindy unless he 's not take a direct route . maybe he 's try to avoid some obstacle ... ( continued ) 37 . continued : vincent what obstacle ? it 's acidalia planitia . there 's nothing out there but -- Vincent stop short . mindy look at he : what ? vincent ( cont 'd ) I need a map . Vincent bolt away . mindy follow . int . NASA - breakroom - night Vincent hurry into the employee break room . a lone technician sit , sip coffee . on the back wall : a large poster of Mars ( the type they sell in gift shop . ) Vincent rip the poster off the wall . technician hey -- c'mon -- vincent I will buy you a new one . ( to mindy ) what 's the hab 's location ? mindy 31.2 degree north , 28.5 degree west . Vincent mark it off on the map with a sharpie . draw mark location . he need a ruler . look around , grab the technician 's notebook out of he hand . use the spine to connect the dot . Studies it . grin . vincent I know where he 's go . Vincent , lose in he own world now , bolt for he office . as he hurry away ( leave mindy and the technician behind ) : vincent ( cont 'd ) I need to get on a airplane ! technician who 's he talk to ? mindy I be honestly not sure . ext . mar - day Mark 's Rover 2 crest a hill , approach he destination : ( continued ) 38 . continued : there , bury in a mound of martian sand , we catch a glint of metal in the sunlight . as Mark drive towards it ... int . JPL lobby - day Bruce wait in the lobby as Vincent walk through the front door . title : jet propulsion Laboratory , pasadena , California they shake hand . int / ext . JPL storage - day Bruce and Vincent hurry across the JPL campus . in the background , deer frolic . ( note : this be real . Deer frolic out in the open on the JPL grounds . note : it 's awesome . ) vincent what be the odd Mark can get it work again ? bruce hard to say . we lose contact in `97 . we think it be battery failure . ( then ) though I would like to point out it last three time longer than expect in any scenario . vincent nobody 's criticize JPL 's work , Bruce . I want talk to everyone who be here in ` 97 . bruce they be already wait for you . ext . mar - day Mark , on foot now , dig at the location . as he begin to reveal the bury metal ... int . JPL - garage Vincent and Bruce enter the cavernous JPL garage . a large crowd mill around a apparatus cover by a sheet . vincent this the replica ? Bruce nod , pull off the sheet to reveal ... ( continued ) 39 . continued : vincent ( cont 'd ) pathfinder . the american spacecraft launch in 1996 . it 's in two notable section -- the large lander and the smaller sojourner rover . Vincent 's eye gleam as he stare at the craft . ext . mar - day Mark have now uncover pathfinder . he stare at it with a similar gleam in he eye . then he drag the lander to the back of Rover 2 , begin lash it to a makeshift hitch ... title : SOL 109 ext . hab - day sojourner now sit beside the workbench outside the hab , watch as Mark methodically take apart the lander . it look like he 's be at this a while . he remove the battery , replace it with a environment heater . like a surgeon perform a heart transplant . he lock the heater into place , and as it click we -- CUT to black . int . JPL garage - day title ( S ) pathfinder log : SOL 0 boot sequence initiated time 00:00:00 loading os ... performing hardware check ... int temperature : - 34c , ext temperature : nonfunctional , battery : full , higain : okay , logain : okay , meteorology : nonfunctional , solar a : nonfunctional , solar B : nonfunctional , solar C : nonfunctional , hardware check complete then : broadcasting status listening for telemetry signal ... listening for telemetry signal ... listening for telemetry signal ... then : signal acquired . 40 . int . JPL garage - day Vincent , Bruce , and the JPL team see the word come up on the main screen . the room begin to buzz ... ext . hab - day Mark stare at the high gain antenna on the lander . it start to move ... angle towards Earth . Mark begin to dance . int . JPL garage - day Vincent and Bruce cluster around the station of tim grime . tim as soon as I receive the high - gain response , I direct pathfinder to take a panoramic image . vincent have you receive it yet ? tim yes , but I think we would all rather look at this black screen instead of a vibrant red planet . bruce ( off Vincent 's look ) Tim be we finest comm tech , and we all appreciate he acerbic wit . Bruce mouth " I will fire you " to Tim . tim incoming . on the screen : the panoramic start to appear , one vertical stripe at a time . vincent martian surface ... more surface ... bruce there 's the hab ! vincent what 's that ? the image reveal a handwritten note , post on a metal rod . ( continued ) 41 . continued : vincent ( cont 'd ) " I will write message here . be you receive ? " the image reveal two more note , space a few foot apart . vincent ( cont 'd ) " Point here for yes . " " Point here for no . " tim thirty - two minute round trip communication time . he can only ask yes / no question , and all we can do be point the camera . this will not exactly be a algonquin round table of snappy repartee . bruce Tim . tim Roger that . point the camera ... ext . mar - day Mark watch as the camera move towards one of he note . we angle in on the paper , focus on one word in particular : " yes . " MARK ( prelap ) so here 's the rub ... int . hab - day Mark address camera . MARK somehow , we need to have complex astrophysical engineering conversation use only a still - frame camera . from 1996 . luckily , the camera spin 360 , so I can make a alphabet . I just can not use we alphabet . twenty -six letter plus question card into 360 give we 13 degree of arc . too narrow . I would not know what the camera be point at . so. hexadecimals to the rescue ... ext . hab - day Mark methodically set up card mark " a - F " and " 0 - 9 " in a circle around the camera . ( continued ) 42 . continued : MARK ( v.o. ) I figure one of you guy keep a ascii table somewhere ... int . hab - day Mark sit in johanssen 's bunk . scrol through she laptop . MARK ( v.o. ) lady and gentlemen , I give you supernerd Beth johanssen , who also have copy of Zork 2 and leather goddess of phobos on she laptop . seriously , johanssen ... it 's like the smithsonian of loneliness on there ... int . JPL garage - day Tim consult a ascii chart as he point the camera ... ext . hab - day the camera swing from card to card ... MARK ( v.o. ) not that I be complain . int . hab - day Mark translate the number with he ascii table : " how alive " Mark ponder the question . begins write he response . int . JPL garage - night " impale by antenna . bio-monitor destroy . Crew have reason to think I dead . not they fault . " int . rover - night Mark input the code into the rover 's computer . watney ( v.o. ) now that we can have more complicated conversation , the smart people at NASA have send I instruction on how to hack the rover so that it can talk to pathfinder . if I hack a tiny bit of code , just twenty instruction in the Rover 's operate system , NASA can link the rover to pathfinder 's broadcasting frequency ... and we be in business . ( continued ) 43. continued : Mark wait patiently at the computer . text pop up on Mark 's screen . as he read : venkat ( v.o. ) " Mark , this be Vincent kapoor ... int . JPL - garage - night Vincent and Bruce huddle around Tim 's console while Vincent dictate and Tim type . vincent we have be watch you since sol 54 ... int . NASA - mission control - night teddy , Mitch , Annie , and the rest of the team watch Vincent 's text cross the screen . vincent ( v.o. ) " the whole world be root for you . amazing job , get pathfinder . we be work on rescue plan . meantime ... " int . rover - night Mark read the text . his first human contact in quite some time . vincent ( v.o. ) " we be put together a supply mission to keep you feed until are 4 arrive . " int . JPL garage - night Vincent and Bruce huddle around Tim 's console . tim ( reading ) " glad to hear it . really look forward to not die . " everyone laugh , cheer . Tim notice there 's more ... tim ( cont 'd ) " how 's the crew ? what do they say when they find out I be alive ? " Vincent and Bruce share a glance . Vincent think about it . bruce tell he . hm. tell he ... 44 . int . rover - night Mark watch the text pop up onscreen : vincent ( v.o. ) " we have not tell the crew you be alive yet . we need they to concentrate on the mission . " int . JPL garage - night the whole room wait patiently . Tim read the response . tim he say ... " they do not know I be alive ? what the -- " ( hesitate ) " what the ... f- word ... f- word in gerund form ... f- word again ... be wrong with you ... f- word . " vincent Mark , please watch you language ... int . rover - night Mark read the response . vincent ( v.o. ) everything you type be be broadcast live all over the world . Mark 's eye narrow as he type he response . Hit enter . int . JPL garage - night the group read Mark 's response . they go pale . oh , Jesus . Vincent hang he head . Tim try not to smile and fail . int . NASA - teddy' office - night teddy be on the phone as Mitch approach . teddy ( into phone ) yes sir ... he 's under a tremendous amount of stress ... I understand . we be work on it . thank you , sir . teddy hang up . glance at Mitch . teddy ( cont 'd ) I just have to explain to the President of the United States what a " bureaucratic felcher " be . ( continued ) 45 . continued : mitch I make the mistake of type it into Google . ( off teddy 's look ) do not . ( then ) Problem be , Mark 's right . this be only gonna get worse the longer we wait . we need to tell the crew . teddy you be bring this up while Vincent 's in pasadena so he can not argue the other side . mitch I should not have to clear this with you or Vincent or anyone else . ( then ) it 's time , teddy . teddy think about it . ext . herme - present - space the herme : the massive spacecraft make its way through space on its long journey back to Earth . title : four month since Mars departure we angle towards one of the window to find commander lewis stare out at the starfield ... johanssen ( o.s. ) Commander Lewis ... int . herme - flight deck - space Lewis be alone , in a secluded section of the ship . she key the console . lewis go ahead . johanssen ( over radio ) data dump be almost complete . lewis copy . come to you . int . herme - corridor - space Lewis float towards the semicone -a ladder . martinez beat she there . as he float up the ladder ... ( continued ) 46 . continued : lewis you be in a hurry . martinez my son turn three yesterday . should be some pic of the party . as they make they way down the ladder , the centripetal force from the rotate craft create artificial gravity . halfway down , they have to use they hand on the ladder ... int . herme - rec room - space Lewis and martinez enter the rec room . the other be already there -- the data dump be the highlight of the day . johanssen all right , we have get a batch of personal . dispatch they to you laptop ... I do not need to read Vogel 's weird german fetish email ... vogel they be telemetry update . johanssen whatever do it for you . we have get a system update , I will take care of that , and ... huh . there 's a voice message . address to the whole crew . lewis ( shrug ) play it . johanssen open the message . Hit play . mitch ( message ) Hermes , this be Mitch Henderson . I have some news . there 's no subtle way to put this : Mark watney be still alive . the news hit the crew like a freight train . mitch ( message ) ( cont 'd ) I know that 's a surprise . and I know you will have a lot of question . here be the basic : he 's alive and healthy . we find out two month ago and decide not to tell you . I be strongly against that decision . we be tell you now because we finally have communication with he and a viable rescue plan . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . continued : mitch ( message ) ( cont 'd ) we will get you a full write up of what happen , but it 's not you fault . Mark stress that every time it come up . take some time to absorb this . you science schedule be clear for tomorrow . send all the question you want and we will answer they . Henderson out . for a moment the group sit in stunne silence . martinez he ... he 's alive ? Vogel crack a smile . vogel watney life . beck start to laugh . relief pour out of he . beck Holy shit . Commander ! he 's alive ! but Lewis be still in shock . her word barely a whisper : lewis I leave he behind . johanssen Commander ... it be not ... beck we all leave together . lewis you be follow order . ( then ) I leave he behind . the group trade glance , but nobody know what to say . without another word , Lewis turn and exit the room . ext . mar - space - to establish title : SOL 128 int . hab - day Mark remove water from the water reclaimer . go down the row of plant , water one by one . ( continued ) 48 . continued : MARK ( prelap ) now that NASA can talk to I , they will not shut up ... int . hab - day Mark talk to camera . MARK they have get a room full of people try to micromanage my crop . which be awesome . look , I do not mean to sound arrogant here , but I be the best botanist on the planet . so. Mark adjust the camera to show more of the lab . we see the lush greenery of the potato plant everywhere . MARK ( cont 'd ) in other news , there 's be a request for I to pose for a picture on the next transmission . I be debate between " High School senior ... " Mark lean one elbow against a imaginary pillar and hook he other thumb on he imaginary belt loop . MARK ( cont 'd ) and " coquettish ingenue ... " Mark turn he back to camera , look at we over he shoulder , and bite on he thumb suggestively . MARK ( cont 'd ) but I be not sure how that will translate with the spacesuit on . ( then ) one big bonus of this NASA communication : email ! just like the day on the Hermes , I get data dump . not just friend and family , but NASA also send choice message from the public . rock star , athlete , even the President . the coolest one be from my alma mater , the University of Chicago . they say once you grow crop somewhere , you have officially " colonize " it . so , technically , I colonize Mars . ( then ) in you face , Neil armstrong . music up : " right back where we start from " by maxine nightingale take we into ... 49 . ext . hab - day -- Mark stand outside in he suit . position himself in front of the camera . hold up a notecard . we be behind he , we do not see what the notecard say . as he pose -- CUT to : int . NASA - conference room - day Annie toss a photo on the conference room table : Mark , in he spacesuit , give the camera a big thumb -up . he hold up a note that say , " ayyyyyyy ! " annie I ask for a picture and I get the goddamn fonz ? Vincent and Bruce be both on monitor from JPL . vincent ( onscreen ) just be grateful you get something , Annie . annie it 's not gonna work . I need something with less - happy - day and more ... Mark 's face . vincent ( onscreen ) I could tell he to take he helmet off , but then he would , you know , die . teddy let 's release the photo when we detail the rescue operation . I want to announce we be launching some supplies to he next year during the hohmann transfer window . vincent ( onscreen ) I be on a plane to you this afternoon . we will have the release ready . teddy good , but Annie will handle camera appearance . Vincent give a look that say " et tu , teddy ? " teddy ( cont 'd ) Bruce , be you team still on schedule ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : bruce ( onscreen ) it will be tight . but we will make it . teddy nine-month travel time , that put the probe to Mars on sol 868 . do we get the botany team 's analysis ? vincent ( onscreen ) they estimate Mark 's crop will last he until sol 912 . they grudgingly admit Mark be do great work . mitch grudgingly ? vincent ( onscreen ) Mark have a tendency to tell they to have sex with themselves whenever they question one of he decision . teddy get he in line , Vincent . we can not afford any miscommunication . I hate this margin . 912 sol worth of food . we get there on 868 . and that 's assume nothing go wrong ... ext / int . hab airlock - dusk Mark finish put on he spacesuit . snap he helmet into place . grab he toolkit . Mark step into the airlock . close the door behind he . as he do , we begin angling towards the carbon - thread canvas lining the side of the airlock . as the depressurization process begin , the canvas start to stretch ... and the sheet rip . the hab breach . in one - tenth of a second , the tear travel the length of the airlock -- the full force of the hab 's atmosphere rush through the breach ... kaaaa - boooom ! the airlock ( with Mark in it ) be launched like a cannonball . it fly forty meter through the air -- 51 . int . hab - dusk quick slo -mo shot as the crop inside the hab be destroyed in the depressurization . int / ext . airlock - dusk ramp to regular speed -- wham ! the airlock hit the hillside -- Mark 's body slam into the wall -- he faceplate shatter -- the airlock flip and tumble down the hill . Mark be toss around inside like a ragdoll in a wash machine . the airlock roll another fifteen meter ... and come to a stop . int . airlock - dusk panicked breath . ringing ear . Mark struggle to stay conscious . his head bleed . Jesus Christ . what just happen ? he look through the window . see the collapse hab . the debris of ruin equipment scatter the field between they . psssssshhhhhhhh ... Mark wipe the blood from he brow , roll to he knee . struggle out of he suit . check he wound . he 's alive . psssssshhhhhhhh ... what the hell be that sound ? air. the airlock be leak . Mark 's heart start to pound . he search frantically for the leak , check every seam , every inch of fabric ... psssssshhhhhhhh ... Mark check he arm computer . oxygen flow steady . this will keep he alive . for now . but he have to find that leak ... think , watney . how do you find a invisible leak ? he do a inventory . he have he toolkit . he have the patch kit from he suit . think , watney ... ( continued ) 52 . continued : it hit he . he pull the knife out of the toolkit ... and cut he own hair . he hack a chunk clean out of it . hold the loose hair tight . then he go back to the arm computer . boost the oxygen flow . now , all I need be a spark ... yank the wire from the power generator free . strip the case . here go nothing ... he hold the wire in the oxygen flow , rub they together to create a spark . whoosh . he light the hair on fire , create the key to he plan : smoke . Mark hold he breath . watch the smoke wisp and curl towards the floor ... head right through the microscopic tear in the fabric . Mark grin . I have get you . go back to the toolkit . find that old stalwart of every NASA space mission : Duct tape . he tear a piece free . seal the hole . the hiss stop . Mark breathes . okay ... now what ? CUT to : Mark cut off one of the arm from he eva suit . cut it into one square piece . open the patch kit . Works fast to glue the square over the area where the faceplate use to be . then glue the arm-hole shut . CUT to : wham ! Mark slam he back into the airlock wall , hit it with enough force so that ... the airlock roll . it 's clumsy -- like roll a phone booth from inside -- but it work . the airlock roll a little less than a meter . Mark take a breath . gird himself to do it again ... 53. int / ext . airlock / hab - night the airlock have travel the fifty meter so that it 's now close to the hab . Mark exit the airlock . he 's wear the patch - up suit . which mean he faceplate be completely cover with fabric , and he only have one arm free . he point the free arm in front of he and begin to walk . inside the suit : Mark be use the camera in he arm computer to navigate . the camera project a image onto the inside of the faceplate . which be now fabric . it 's crude , but it will work . mark Pov : Mark hurry through the rip in the airlock . stumble through the deflate hab , past the mess of debris , head for the bunk . find what he 's look for ... martinez ' suit . int . hab - night Mark stand in the center of the hab . we finally get a good look at it . and it 's a mess . equipment overturn , debris everywhere . but the worst part ? Mark 's crop be ruined . Mark stare at the disaster of freeze soil and uproote plant . all he work . his lifeline . destroy . he stare at the mess for a long time . then he begin to clean it up . int . rover - night Mark sit at the keypad . take a moment to compose he word . God , how do I explain this ? as he begin to type ... vincent ( prelap ) the crop be dead ... int . NASA - conference room - night Vincent , teddy , Annie and a team of other study the analysis report . mood be somber . vincent complete loss of pressure boil off most of the water . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 . continued : vincent ( cont 'd ) any bacteria that survive , die in the sub -zero temperature when expose to Mars ' atmosphere . annie how long do he have ? vincent he can still eat the potato he have , he just can not grow any more . we estimate they will give he about 200 sol . teddy and ration get he to what ? sol 409 ? vincent ( nods ) so with potato he can stretch to 609 . annie by sol 868 he will be long dead . teddy we be gonna have to launch as soon as possible . which change we travel time . mitch we be work on it . prelim estimate call for a four-hundred fourteen day trip . teddy ( doe math ) it 's sol 135 now . we need thirteen day to mount the booster and perform inspection . which give Bruce and he team ... ( fuck ) forty -seven day to make this probe . annie how long do it normally take ? vincent six month . minimum . teddy I be gonna let you call Bruce and give he the news . int . JPL bullpen - night Bruce and he team sit around a speakerphone . they have just hang up with Vincent . everyone look suitably shellshocked . ( continued ) 55 . continued : bruce okay . ( long pause ) okay . everyone be at a loss for word . you might as well have tell this team they have to build a unicorn . bruce ( cont 'd ) I be , uh ... I be gonna need a change of clothes . we be all gonna need a change of clothes . ext . herme - space the Hermes continue on its course back to Earth . title : SOL 136 martinez ( prelap ) " dear Mark ... " int . herme rec room - space martinez type at he terminal . martinez ( v.o. ) " apparently , NASA 's let we talk to you now , and I draw the short straw . sorry we leave you behind on Mars , but we do not like you . " int . rover - night Mark read he email . martinez ( v.o. ) " also , it 's a lot roomier on the Hermes without you . we have to take turn do you task , but it 's only botany ( not real science . ) how 's Mars ? " Mark type he response . MARK ( v.o. ) " dear martinez , Mars be fine . I accidentally blow up the hab , but unfortunately all of Commander Lewis ' disco music still survive . " int . herme rec room - space martinez read Mark 's response . ( continued ) 56 . continued : martinez " how 's the Hermes ? cramped and claustrophobic ? every day I go outside and look at the vast horizon just because I can . " ( then ) " tell the other I say hello . " martinez type . we see he response on he screen : " will do . " ext . hab - day back to work . no choice . Mark clear the detritus from inside the hab . stare at the hole in the airlock . int . / ext . hab - day Mark cover the hole with hab canvas . begins strapping it in place with duct tape . double up the tape in a circular pattern . Studies he work . it 's not pretty , but with a little luck ... Mark repressurize the hab . watch the canvas stretch as the pressure equalize . he hold he breath ... the canvas hold . int . hab - night Mark take inventory of he remain potato . outside , gust of wind slam the canvas . Mark try to stay focus on the matter at hand . tries not to think about the fact that he life be currently hold together by duct tape . keep work , Mark ... int . JPL - rich office - night a man sleep in he office , half - on and half - off he small love seat . he snore ever - so-slightly . title : rich purnell , astrodynamics , NASA on he computer screen , we see orbital computation run . vector between Earth and Mars cycle over and over . voice ( o.s. ) Rich ? mike watkins poke he head in Rich 's office . Rich stir . ( continued ) 57 . continued : mike Rich ? wake up . sorry , they be ask for the probe course . rich what time be it ? mike 3:42 . Rich nod . grab the old cup of coffee from he end table . take a big drink . his face register shock . he open he mouth and let the coffee fall directly on the floor . mike ( cont 'd ) I know we be come at this backwards , but we can not commit to a firm launch date with this many unknown . rich it 's all right . all twenty - five model will take four-hundred fourteen day to reach Mars . they vary only slightly in thrust duration , and the fuel requirement be nearly identical . mike ( look at Rich 's calculation ) four-hundr fourteen day . not a ideal time to launch , be it ? rich Earth and Mars be really badly position . heck , it 's almost easier to ... Rich trail off . mike almost easier to what ? rich ( lose in he head ) I need more coffee ... mike almost easier to what ? Rich walk out of the room . mike ( cont 'd ) you understand I be you boss , right ? 58 . int . NASA - mission control - day Vincent dictate a message to Mark . mindy type while he talk . vincent " ... the probe will take 414 day to reach you , and will deliver enough food to last you to are 4 . " mindy tell he about the name . vincent " we have officially name the probe ` Iris ' ... " int . rover - day Mark read the message in the Rover . vincent ( v.o. ) " after the Greek goddess who travel the heaven with the speed of wind . among other thing , she 's also the goddess of rainbow . " Mark type he response ... int . NASA - mission control - day mindy read Mark 's response on he screen as Vincent wait . mindy suppress a smile , throw it up on the main screen : " Gay probe come to save I . get it . " int . NASA - conference room - day teddy address the group from the head of the table . teddy okay , let 's ask the ... ( consult he file ) two hundred million dollar ... sorry , five hundred ... that 's a " five ? " ( off they look ) let 's ask the very , very expensive question : be this probe gonna be ready on time ? Bruce look noticeably more exhaust than everyone else . bruce we be behind . ( continued ) 59 . continued : teddy give I a number . bruce Fifteen day . if I have another fifteen day , I could get it do . teddy all right , let 's create fifteen day . thirteen day to mount the probe . can we reduce ? vincent it ... actually only take three day to mount it . we can get that down to two . but the other ten be for testing and inspection . teddy how often do that inspection reveal a problem ? the room go silent . everyone trade nervous glance . mitch be you suggest we do not do the inspection ? teddy right now I be ask how often they reveal a problem . vincent about one in twenty launch . but that 's grounds for a countdown halt . we can not take that chance . teddy anyone else know a safer way to buy more time ? nobody do . teddy ( cont 'd ) tell Dr. keller to stretch watney 's ration four more day . she will not like it , but that will get we to fifteen . and we will cancel the inspection . vincent teddy ... ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) teddy it 's on I , Vincent . ( to bruce ) you have get you two week . get it do . int . hab - day Mark sit at the table . a ration pack and two potato in front of he . he talk to camera . he look depressed . title : SOL 154 MARK so . I have to hold out until the probe get here with more food . and this be what " minimal calorie count " look like . ( hold up the pack ) Standard issue ration . but instead of three every one day , I be now eat one every three day . ( open pack ) oh good . meatloaf . he divide the meatloaf into third . set the majority aside . focus on what 's leave . which be pathetic . MARK ( cont 'd ) this be today 's allotment . which I will supplement with potato . which I be beginning to hate with the fiery passion of a thousand sun . and now I have be tell to do this . Mark hack off even more of the meager ration and half of a potato and set that aside . there 's barely anything leave . MARK ( cont 'd ) the point be , " stretch the ration four more day " be a real dick - punch . there be also two pill on the table . Mark crush they . MARK ( cont 'd ) I be dip this potato in vicodin and there 's nothing anyone can do about it . ext . cape canaveral - day the Iris probe , now mount on the booster , be readied for launch . water vapor cloud the launchpad . the final supplies be load into the probe . 61 . int . NASA - mission control - day full house . Mitch preside over the room , in he element . mitch do you believe in God , Vincent ? vincent several . my mother 's Catholic and my father 's hindu . mitch we will take all the help we can get . Mitch put on he headset . mitch ( cont 'd ) this be the Flight director . begin Launch status check . launch control ( over comm ) Roger that , Houston ... and as Mitch run through the status check ... int . NASA - mission control - day teddy watch the countdown clock from the observation room . he look over what appear to be a speech . we catch a few word , include , " ... successful launch ... " teddy close the speech in a blue folder . as the clock approach 00:00:15 .... mitch ( on the floor ) this be Flight . we be go for launch on schedule . timer controller ( v.o . ) 10 ...9 ... on the floor : Vincent lean against the wall . deep breath . timer controller ( v.o . ) 8 ... int . NASA - mission control - day annie pace in front of the nine television in she office . timer controller ( v.o . ) 7...6 ... 62 . int . JPL - control room - day bruce sit with he engineer , all in rapt attention . timer controller ( v.o . ) 5 ...4 ... int . JPL - rich office - day rich purnell work on orbital calculation at he computer . be not pay attention to the launch at all . timer controller ( v.o . ) 3 ... 2 ... ext . cape canaveral launchpad - day timer controller ( v.o . ) 1 ... liftoff . clamp release , the booster fire -- int . NASA - mission control - day timer controller ( v.o . ) ... and liftoff of the Iris supply probe . cheer course through the room . while team member congratulate one another , the launcher interface frown at he station . launcher interface get a little shimmy , Flight . mitch say again ? int . hull - day a violent shimmy rattles the payload as the craft accelerate . the bolt at the forefront crack -- ext . Iris craft - day as the first stage deplete its fuel , it jettison the stage - clamp . as the stage begin to fall away from the shimmy craft , it catch hold , swinging unnaturally to the side . the second stage engine ignite -- 63. int . hull - day whoosh -- the acceleration shake the craft . the bolt shear clean off -- the payload rock -- the other four bolt SNAP -- Iris slip from its support , and slam into the hull -- int . NASA - control room - day alarm and light flash across the console . a cacophony of urgent voice from the floor : launcher interface whoa ! Flight , we be get a large precession ! guidance telemetry Force on Iris at 7 G 's . intermittent signal loss . mitch Launch , what 's happen ? launcher interface it 's spin on the long axis with a 17 degree precession . comm we have lose reading on the probe , Flight . mitch ( goe cold ) shit . it shook loose in the bay . launcher interface loss of signal , Flight . guidance telemetry l.o.s. here , too . same here . the voice go silent . the alarm blare . then : mitch satcon ? satcon no satellite acquisition of signal . Mitch look to the main screen . it goe black , with large white letter read : " l.o.s . " capcom Flight , US destroyer stockton report debris fall from sky . ( continued ) 64 . continued : on the screen : camera catch glimpsis of debris trail fall from the sky . Mitch put he head in he hand . mitch Roger . then Mitch Henderson say the word every Flight director hope he never have to say : mitch ( cont 'd ) gc , Flight . lock the door . int . NASA - vincent's office - night Vincent sit in he office . NASA be eerily silent now . it 's night . Vincent stare into space . click . he 's be motionless so long , the sensor think the office be empty and shut off the light . Vincent shift . the light click back on . a chime ring out on he computer . Vincent glance at the screen , see a relay message from pathfinder : " watney : how would the launch go ? " ext . space - to establish the somber reds of mar blaze against the spacescape . title : SOL 186 ext . mar - dawn Mark stand outside . the horizon reflect off he faceplate . MARK ( v.o. ) so , um . Commander Lewis . I need you to do something for I . if I die . I need you to check on my parent . they will want to hear about we time on Mars first - hand . I will need you to do that . it will not be easy talk to a couple about they dead son . it 's a lot to ask ; that 's why I be ask you . I be not give up . just plan for every outcome . please tell they I love what I do . and I be really good at it . and I be die for something big and beautiful . and great than I . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . continued : MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( then ) tell they I say I can live with that . ext . cnsa - to establish - day a impressive headquarters in the heart of Beijing . title : china national space administration int . cnsa - day onscreen : teddy and Vincent answer question from reporter . vincent ( onscreen ) ...we substitute protein cube for the standard ration . the thrust of the launch , combine with the simultaneous lateral vibration , liquefy the cube and create a unbalance load . reporter 4 ( onscreen ) why be not this account for in the inspection phase ? teddy ( onscreen ) in order to make we launch window , we be force to accelerate we schedule . reporter 4 ( onscreen ) you skip the inspection ? teddy ( onscreen ) yes . we hear a man' voice . he speak in subtitled chinese . voice they astronaut be go to die . reveal a man and a woman watch the monitor . the voice belong to : title : zhu tao , under - director , cnsa zhu perhaps . perhaps not . ( hand guo the brief ) the taiy shen 's booster . we engineer have run the number , and it have enough fuel for a Mars injection orbit . title : guo ming , director , cnsa ( continued ) 66 . continued : guo ( be you kid ? ) why have not NASA approach we ? zhu they do not know . we booster technology be classified . guo so if we do nothing ... zhu the world would never know we could have help . guo then . merely for the sake of argument , let 's say we decide to help they ... zhu we would be give up a booster and effectively cancelling taiy shen . guo consider this . but he 's already make the decision ... guo we need to keep this among scientist . a cooperation between space agency ... int . NASA - teddy' office - day we be slowly pushing in on teddy as he listen to the voice on the other end of the phone detail the term . teddy close he eye . relief wash over he . it take he a moment to realize they be wait for he answer . teddy yes . int . JPL - bullpen - day Bruce stand at the white board , address he department head . he 's energize , write like a madman while he talk : bruce all right , thanks to we friend in China , we get one more chance at this . we finish the Iris probe in sixty - three day . now we get to do it again in twenty -eight ... 67 . int . NASA - super computer room - day Rich purnell stare at the calculation on the screen . can this be right ? he run the number again . as he see the readout on he screen , he grin : holy shit , I be right . int . NASA - hallway - day Rich hurry through the hall . int . NASA - vincent's office - day Vincent 's on the phone . vincent we be jettison any sort of landing system -- the idea be we be only send ration , so they can crash land on Mars ... secretary wait -- Rich barge into to Vincent 's office . rich you should hang up the phone . vincent I be sorry -- who be you ? rich my name be Rich purnell and I work in astrodynamics and you should hang up the phone right now . vincent ( into phone ) I will call you back . Rich hand Vincent he summary . int . NASA - conference room - day we be following annie as she hurry into the briefing room . Vincent , Rich , Bruce , and Mitch be already there . Annie 's read the email on she phone . annie what the hell be " Project elrond ? " vincent I have to make something up . ( continued ) 68 . continued : annie " elrond ? " mitch ( realizing ) because it 's a secret meeting . annie how do you know that ? why do " elrond " mean " secret meeting ? " bruce the Council of elrond . from Lord of the ring . it 's the meeting where they decide to destroy the one Ring . annie I so quit right now . teddy ( entering ) if we be call something Project elrond , I would like my codename to be " glorfindel . " annie oh my god I hate every one of you . mitch teddy do not even know what this be about ? vincent tell they exactly what you tell I . rich I can get the Hermes back to Mars by sol 561 . wait ... what ? Jesus . it 's as though Rich just drop a bomb in this room . mitch what ? teddy how ? Rich look around . grab item off the table to demonstrate . rich okay ... let 's pretend this stapler be the Hermes . and you be ... I be sorry , what 's you name again ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) teddy teddy . ( then ) I be the director of NASA . rich okay , teddy , you be Earth . and right now the Hermes be head towards you and be about to start its month - long deceleration to intercept . but , instead , I be propose ... ( demonstrate ) we start accelerate immediately , to preserve velocity and gain even more . we do not intercept Earth at all , but we come close enough to use a gravity assist to adjust course . while we be do that ... he grab the pen out of teddy 's pocket . rich ( cont 'd ) we resupply with the probe -- vincent the taiyeng shen . rich pick up whatever provision we need ... and then we be accelerate towards Mars . ( to annie ) you be Mars . and we be go too fast at this point to fall into orbit , so it 's a flyby . bruce what good be a flyby if we can not get watney off the surface ? vincent watney would have to intercept use the mav . Vincent demonstrate , blast he pen off of Annie 's shoulder . Rich catch it , and point everything back towards teddy ... rich and we head back home . I have do the math . it check out . the group sit in stunne silence . teddy 's the first one to grasp the full magnitude of what they have just propose . he lock eye with Vincent -- ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 3 ) teddy Rich ? rich yes sir ? teddy get out . and there 's no mistake teddy 's tone , so Rich do exactly that . after he leave the room -- teddy ( cont 'd ) be he right ? vincent I believe so . teddy and we need to use the taiyeng shen ? vincent yes . annie what be I miss ? why be that important ? vincent because we can only do one . teddy send watney enough food to last until are 4 , or send Hermes back to get he right now . vincent ( nods ) both plan require the taiy shen , so we have to choose . annie what about the Hermes crew ? we would be ask they to add ... ( do the math ) 533 day to they mission . mitch they would not hesitate . not for a second . that 's why Vincent call this meeting . he want we to decide instead . Vincent nod . that 's correct . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 4 ) mitch ( cont 'd ) bullshit . it should be Commander Lewis ' call . vincent it 's a matter of life and death , Mitch . we need to make this decision . mitch she 's the Mission Commander . life and death decision be she damn job . teddy can the Hermes function for 533 day beyond the schedule mission end ? vincent it should . the Hermes be make to do all five are mission , so it 's only halfway through lifespan . annie but if something go wrong ... vincent we would lose the crew . and the are Program with they . bruce so ... what ? we either have a high chance of kill one person , or a low chance of kill six people . how do we make that decision ? vincent we do not . teddy do . all eye on teddy now . the room sit in silence . teddy think for a long time . feeling the full burden of leadership . then : teddy we still have the chance to bring five astronaut home safe and sound . I be not risk they life . mitch let they make that decision . teddy Mitch . we be go with option one . Mitch stare at teddy . quietly seethe . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 5 ) mitch you goddamn coward . ext . hab - day / dusk Mark trudge out of the airlock , go about he routine . he walk over to the solar panel , start to scrub they for ( what seem like ) the thousandth time ... and stop . he can not do it anymore . he stare at they for a long time . then drop the brush . he walk to the top of the hill . sit down . he close he eye . CUT to : later . Mark have not move . the sun be beginning to set . the temperature alarm on he suit be beginning to blare . it get cold fast on Mars . Mark override the alarm . sit in the silence . as he glance back towards the set sun , something metallic glint in the dust beneath he . hmm . Mark get up . walk towards it . it 's Vogel 's specimen drill . dropped when the storm hit . Mark look around , see the hole drill in the rock formation . his finger trace the unfinish work . he pick up the drill . int . NASA - mission control - day satellite view : we can see Mark make he way to the Rover . mindy he 's be do evas throughout the day . Vincent be hover over mindy 's station . mindy ( cont 'd ) there 's a pattern to they . he go out three hundred meter . then stop . Three hundred more meter . then stop . vincent and nobody give he instruction ? do JPL schedule something ? ( continued ) 73. continued : mindy shake she head . mindy he 's at the Rover . ( then ) we be receive a transmission . she pull it up on the screen . frown . it 's a jumble of number and data . mindy ( cont 'd ) " chem analysis ... sample batch 1a-7c ... " Vincent 's the first to figure it out . vincent Commander Lewis ' geo-composite experiment . mindy frown . I be sorry , what ? Vincent look at the screen . admiration in he eye . vincent ( cont 'd ) he 's finish the mission . int . hab - night Mark address camera while he work at the experiment table , diligently crush the rock sample and testing they with he chemistry set . still somber . but he 's work . MARK we evac would eighteen sol into a thirty - one sol mission ... which mean we have get thirteen sol of experiment and research schedule . for each of we . so. Commander Lewis ... you work 's in good hand . beck -- I will be honest with you , I do not understand chemolithotrophic detection . at all . but I be do my best . johanssen , I know you do not like it when I touch the chemcam , but guess what ? I be touch the chemcam . Vogel , I think I have get a new catalogue system for the core sample that I have title " das core sample " out of respect for the fatherland . and martinez ... I still do not know what it be you do . why do we bring you ? no idea . ( then ) I be try to keep everything document and organize . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . continued : MARK ( cont 'd ) I know that 's not exactly my strong suit , but I want it all to make sense , in case ... you know . maybe you can teach it in class someday . the watney syllabus . " how to make a bathtub use NASA tube and a Old rtg . " " how to cook a potato six - thousand different Ways . " " how to make Water out of rocket fuel . to keep you alive . for just a Little long . " int . herme - flight deck - space from he computer , Vogel run a diagnostic check on the ship 's engine . as he finish he work for the day , he turn he attention to he email . frown when he see : " subject : unsere Kinder " we child ? that 's strange . he try to open the attachment , but it 's unreadable . int . herme gym - space Vogel glide along passage to the rec room . johannsen jog within the rotate drum . Vogel approach . vogel I have a problem . int . herme gym - space johanssen lead Vogel into the gym . vogel it 's a email from my wife . the subject line say " we Children , " but the computer will not open the attachment . johanssen let 's take a look . ( as she work ) huh . this be not a jpg . it 's a plain ascii text file . look like ... I do not know what this look like . math equation . do this make any sense to you ? vogel ( read ) " Rich purnell maneuver . " ja . it be a course maneuver for the Hermes ... and as Vogel try to make sense of what he 's look at , one phrase in particular stand out on the screen : ( continued ) 75 . continued : " SOL 561 . " vogel ( cont 'd ) mein gott . int . herme rec room - space all five crew member be seat around the main table in the rec -- the cramped area of the ship use for personal time . Lewis finish briefing the team . lewis ... and the mission would conclude with Earth intercept 211 day later . she give the other a chance to absorb the news . they trade astonished glance . martinez would this really work ? lewis we run the number . they check out . vogel ( nods ) it 's a brilliant course . beck why all the cloak and dagger ? lewis NASA reject the idea . they would rather take a big risk on watney than a small risk on all of we . whoever snuck it in Vogel 's email obviously disagree . martinez so . we be talk about go directly against NASA 's decision ? lewis yes . if we do the maneuver , they will have to send the supply ship or we will die . we have the opportunity to force they hand . johanssen be we gonna do it ? lewis if it be up to I , we would already be on we way . ( continued ) 76 . continued : martinez be not it ? up to you , I mean . lewis not this time . this be something NASA expressly reject . we be talk about mutiny . which be not a word I use lightly . we do this together , or not at all . before you answer , consider the consequence . if we mess up the supply rendezvous , we die . if we mess up the Earth gravity assist , we die . if we do everything perfectly , we add 533 day to we mission . 533 more day before we see we family again . 533 day of unplan space travel where anything could go wrong . something might break that we can not fix . if it 's mission critical , we die . martinez sign I up . lewis easy , cowboy . you and I be military . there 's a good chance we would be court - martial when we get home . as for the rest of you , I guarantee they will never send you up again . beck if we go for it ... how would it work ? vogel ( shrug ) I plot the course and execute it . johanssen remote override . they can take over the Hermes from Mission Control . lewis can you disable it ? johanssen Hermes have four redundant flight computer , each connect to three redundant comm system . we can not shut down the comm ; we would lose telemetry and guidance . we can not shut down the computer ; we need to control the ship . I would have to disable the remote override on each system ... it 's part of the os , I would have to jump over the code ... ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) beck johanssen use to go by the hacker handle " Lady sorrow " in high school . just so we be all on the same page . johanssen beck be a liar . and he should keep we conversation private . ( then ) but , yeah . I can do it . lewis it have to be unanimous . if anyone say no , that 's it . we go home as plan . but I vote yes . martinez I vote yes . vogel if we do this , it would be over nine hundred day of space . that be enough space for one life . ( then ) yes . beck think about it long and hard . then : beck let 's go get he . and then there be one . all eye turn to johanssen . lewis johanssen ? as johanssen glance up at we , feel the full weight of the world on she small shoulder -- int . NASA - mission control - night brendan hatch oversee Mission Control from 1 a.m. to 9 a.m. the shift be much quieter than the day shift . usually . capcom Flight , capcom . brendan go capcom . capcom unschedule status update from Hermes . ( continued ) 78 . continued : brendan Roger . read it out . capcom I ... I do not get it , Flight . no real status . just a single sentence . brendan what 's it say ? capcom message read : " Houston , be advise : Rich purnell be a steely - eye missile man . " brendan what ? who the hell be Rich purnell ? alarm start ringing out on the various station . guidance Flight , guidance . brendan go guidance . guidance Hermes be off-course . brendan capcom , advise Hermes they be drift . guidance , get a correction ready -- guidance negative , Flight . it 's not drift , they have adjust course . deliberate 27.812 rotation . brendan what the hell ? capcom , ask they what the hell . capcom Roger Flight . message send . minimum reply time 3 minute , 4 second . brendan telemetry , any chance this be instrumentation failure ? telemetry negative , Flight . brendan oh god . guidance , Flight . ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) guidance go Flight . brendan work out how long they can stay on this course before it 's irreversible . guidance work on that now , Flight . brendan and somebody find out who the hell Rich purnell be ! int . NASA - teddy' office - dawn teddy 's stare out the window when Mitch enter . teddy make he wait . teddy Annie will go before the media this morning and inform they of NASA 's decision to reroute the Hermes to Mars . mitch that seem like the smart move . consider the circumstance . teddy you may have kill the whole crew . mitch whoever give they the maneuver only pass along information . the crew make the decision on they own . teddy look at he . do not give I that horseshit . teddy we be fight the same war . every time something go wrong , the world forget why we fly . I be try to keep we airborne . this be bigger than one person . mitch no . it 's not . teddy relent . just slightly . God , I hope you be right . then : teddy when this be over ... I will expect you resignation . ( continued ) 80 . continued : mitch ( a beat ; then ) I understand . teddy ( we be finish here ) bring we astronaut home . ext . mar beneath we , sunlight creep across the ridge of the schiaparelli crater . we prelap the sound of drilling . title : SOL 219 MARK ( prelap ) every are mission require three year of presupply ... int . hab - day Mark talk directly to the camera . MARK ( cont 'd ) ...so NASA figure out it 's a lot easier to ship some of this stuff ahead of time rather than bring it with we . so , as a result , the mav for are - 4 be already wait at the schiaparelli crater . and the plan be to use it to launch I into orbit just as the Hermes be pass . and then , I guess ... they catch I ? in space . Mark think about that . grin . okay , I guess that sound awesome . MARK ( cont 'd ) anyway , that 's not really my problem right now . first , I have to get there . and it 's 3,200 kilometer away . so I have 200 sol to figure out how to bring everything here that 's keep I alive -- the atmospheric regulator , the oxygenator , and the Water reclaimer -- along for the ride . luckily , I have the brainpower of the entire planet Earth help I with this endeavor . so far we have come up with , " drill hole in the roof of you rover and then hit it with a rock . " ( then ) we will get there . ( continued ) 81 . continued : music up : the open chord of " starman " by David bowie take we to ... ext . hab - day Mark , in he mav suit , stand on top of Rover two . he hold the large rock sample drill like a jackhammer , drilling hole through the roof . it 's grueling work . he 's be at this a while : we catch a glimpse of the seven - hundre hole he 's drill around the edge of the roof . he finish the last hole . then he grab a screwdriver . and a rock . jam the screwdriver between the hole like a chisel . whack ! he hit it with the rock . whack ! he hit it again . and again . ext . mar - day - begin montage " do not know what time it be the light be low , oh , oh ... " Mark position the partially - disassembled rover in front of the camera . frame he handiwork . wait . int . NASA rover room - day - montage " I lean back on my radio , oh , oh ... " Vincent and he engineer study Mark 's photograph . okay , good . the engineer start sketching out what to do next ... ext . cnsa - day - montage " do not know what time it be the light be low , oh , oh ... " a bleary teddy and Mitch step into the lobby of the China National Space administration . they find Zhu and guo wait for they with a entourage . as they shake hand ... int . hab - kitchen - day - montage " there 's a starman wait in the sky ... " Mark , inventory he remain ration pack while he eat a potato . he label a few ration pack as he set they aside : " departure , " " birthday , " " last meal ... " ext . herme - space - montage the Hermes approach Earth , slow rotation ... 82. int . herme - video booth - rec room - space - montage martinez talk to he wife , marissa , on a screen in the video booth . she 's upset with he . marissa five hundred and thirty - three day longer ? and you say yes to this ? martinez I do . he would have do the same for I . you know that . marissa and you think I be gonna forgive you ? martinez I do . goddamn it , he 's right . after a moment , she hold she hand up to the screen . he do the same . int . JPL - white room - day - montage Bruce and he team oversee the Iris 2 probe as it 's load into shipping container . a few chinese member of the cnsa ( dress in protective gear ) watch as well . int . herme - video booth - rec room - space - montage Lewis , float now due to the lack of centripetal gravity , talk on the computer to she husband , ROBERT . it 's clear they love each other . ROBERT ( onscreen ) I find it at the flea market . original . press . Robert hold up a vintage 1973 copy Abba 's greatest Hit album . Lewis squeal when she see it . clap with delight . ext . launch pad - china - day - montage the Iris 2 probe be attach to the booster . int . cnsa - day - montage Mitch engage in a heat argument with the chinese Flight director . ( continued ) 83. continued : mitch all due respect to you cnsa protocol , we have not do thing that way since Apollo 9 -- the translator try to translate he word . Zhu raise he eyebrow , glance at teddy -- be this guy for real ? teddy shake he head , do not look at I , man . ext . hab - day - montage Mark seal the tent to the roof of Rover 2 , then pressurize it . check for leak . it 's like a hot -air balloon . int . NASA - work room - montage Vincent and he engineer be do the exact same thing -- they have a mirrore set of Mark 's equipment . they try to figure out how to fit the oxygenator into the pop tent . int . herme flight deck - space - montage Vogel entertain he wife and they young child . he flip from a low - G area into a non - G area . on the screen : the kid laugh and laugh . int . cnsa - day - montage the taiy shen launch . Mitch , teddy , and the chinese scientist all clap , shake hand . ext . mar - day - montage " he tell we not to blow it ` Cause he know it 's all worthwhile ... " Mark , bop he head to the music as he drive Rover 2 across the dune . ext . Iris 2 probe - day ( stock ) the Iris 2 probe separate from its booster rocket . int . herme flight deck - montage martinez take control of the probe . he pilot it towards the Hermes ... ext . herme - space - montage the probe approach the Hermes as the docking procedure begin ... 84 . int . herme - airlock 3 - space - montage beck , gear up in he eva suit , tethere to the wall , guide the probe to the docking port . int . / ext herme - rec room - space - montage johannsen watch anxiously through the window port as beck secure the docking . int . herme - airlock 3 - space - montage beck , gear up in he eva suit , tethere to the wall , guide the probe to the docking port . ext . herme - space - end montage " let the child lose it , let the child use it , let all the child boogie ... " the Hermes , rotate once again , soar through space on its return journey to Mars . it leave the Earth behind ... and the music slowly fade out . ext . mar as we hold in silence on the Red Planet , the title take a little longer than usual to appear onscreen .... title : SOL 461 MARK ( prelap ) I have be think about law on Mars ... ext . hab - day and it 's over six month later , so a lot have change . MARK ( prelap ) there 's a international treaty say no country can lay claim to anything that 's not on Earth . both rover be now hitched together . pathfinder ride on top of Rover 1 like granny clampett . Rover 2 house all the equipment . the whole thing look like a gypsy caravan make of billion dollar NASA equipment . MARK ( prelap ) ( cont 'd ) and by another treaty , if you be not in any country 's territory , maritime law apply . so Mars be " international water . " 85 . int . hab - day the hab be similarly transformed . all the major equipment have be stripped for part . section of the canvas have be cut down , re-glue , make the tent lopsided in place . MARK ( prelap ) NASA be a american non- military organization , and it own the hab . so , as soon as I step outside , I be in international water . int . hab - day Mark talk directly to camera . the six month have transformed he as well . he 's gaunt . his hair be longer . his impressive beard shape he face . MARK here 's the cool part . I leave this morning for the schiaparelli crater , where I will commandeer the are 4 lander . nobody explicitly give I permission to do this , and they can not until I be aboard the are 4 . so I will take control of a craft in international water without permission . which , by definition , make I a pirate . ( then ) Mark watney , Space pirate . it 's better than win the Nobel Prize . int . hab - day last day in the hab . Mark shave he beard . CUT to : Mark organize the box and box of experiment he be keep alive during he time in the hab . among the label we see " das soil sample . " CUT to : Mark pull on he suit . perform final shutdown . all the computer , light , heater go dark . silence . ext . hab - day Mark depressurize the hab . stare at it for a moment . thank you for keep I alive . ext . rover - day Mark open Rover 2 . we catch a glimpse inside : it 's fill with freeze potato and scavenge equipment . ( continued ) 86 . continued : Mark toss the box of remain ration inside . we catch a glimpse of one of the label : " Goodbye , Mars . " int . rover - day Mark climb into Rover 1 . power up the system . here we go . ext . rover - day Mark roll out of the hab site . head towards the horizon . ext . mar - various - day MARK ( v.o. ) everywhere I go , I be the first . it 's a strange feel . Mark leave footprint in the red dirt as he walk . MARK ( v.o. ) step outside the rover ? first guy to be there . climb that hill ? first guy to do that . Mark take careful note of one of the martian moon ( phobos ) in the sky . find he course . MARK ( v.o. ) four and a half billion year ... nobody here . and now ... I . ( then ) I be the first person to be alone on a entire planet . ext . mar - day Mark sit outside the rover in he mav suit while he wait for the solar panel to charge . he take in the view . phobos arc through the sky . it 's beautiful . int . NASA - mission control - day satellite view : Mark 's caravan make its way around the impressive marth crater . mindy watch at she station . Vincent approach . vincent how 's we boy do ? ( continued ) 87 . continued : mindy so far , so good . he 's stick to schedule . drive for four hour before noon . then set the solar panel . and wait thirteen hour while they recharge . sleep somewhere in there . then start again . vincent how 's he morale ? mindy he 's ask we to call he " Captain blondebeard . " vincent ( think about that ... huh ) Mars would be govern by maritime law , so technically -- mindy yeah , he explain it to we . ext . mar - day the rover cut across Mars . no music . just quiet . wheel turn in the rust - color dirt . title : SOL 494 the Rover have a max speed of 25 kph , so it 's slow go . but hypnotic . right now , it 's the only thing move on the entire planet . ext . mar - day angle MARK . watch the horizon . int . NASA - vincent's office - day a stack of paperwork drop in front of Vincent . we notice diagram for the mav . bruce okay , we be gonna start by state , for the record , that you be not gonna like this . Vincent start to look through the plan . ( continued ) 88. continued : mitch the problem be the intercept velocity . the Hermes can not enter Mars orbit , or they will never have enough fuel to make it home . the mav be only design to get to low Mars orbit . so in order for Mark to escape Mars ' gravity entirely and intercept the Hermes ... vincent he need to be go fast . bruce ( nods ) which mean we need to make the mav lighter . a lot lighter . five-thousand kilogram lighter . vincent you can do that ? Bruce give he a look that say , well , that depend on you definition of " do that , " Vincent . he begin to deconstruct a scale model of the mav : bruce there be some gimme right off the bat . the design presume 500 kilogram of martian soil and sample . obviously , we will not do that . mitch there 's just one passenger instead of six . with suit and gear , that save another 500 . then we ditch the life support . we do not need it . we will have watney use he eva suit for the whole trip . vincent how will he use the control ? mitch he will not . martinez will pilot the mav remotely from the Hermes . vincent we have never have a manned ship control remotely before . ( off Mitch 's look ) but ... I be excited for the opportunity that afford . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce if we go remote , we can lose the control panel . then we dump the secondary and tertiary comm system . vincent you be go to have a remote control ascent with no backup comm ? mitch he 's not even to the bad stuff yet , Vincent . really ? vincent you better skip to the bad stuff . bruce we have to remove the nose airlock , the window , and Hull panel 19 . vincent ( what ? ) you be take the front of the ship off ? bruce sure . the nose airlock alone be 400 kilogram . vincent you be go to launch a man into space with a giant hole in the front of the ship ? bruce well ... no . we be gonna have he cover it with hab canvas . Vincent put he head in he hand . bruce ( cont 'd ) the hull 's mostly there to keep the air in . Mars ' atmosphere be so thin you do not need a lot of streamline . by the time the ship 's go fast enough for air resistance to matter , it will be high enough that there 's practically no air . vincent you be send he to space under a tarp . bruce yes . can I go on ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 3 ) vincent ( thinks genuinely ) I be not really sure I want you to , but okay . int . NASA - mission control - day mindy read Mark 's response while the group await . Mitch look on from he station . mindy Mark say ... " be you f-word - ing kid I ? " vincent do you think he mean it like ... ( excite ) " be you kid I ? " or more ... ( angry ) " be you kid I ? " mindy ( do not want to hurt vincent's feeling ) it 's ... possible he mean it the first way ? int . rover - are 4 mav site - day title : SOL 538 Mark stare at the camera with a look that say , " oh jesus this JPL guy be gonna get I kill . " MARK ( distraught ) I know what they be do . I know what they be do . they keep repeat " accelerate faster than any man in the history of space travel " like this be a good thing , like this will distract I from how insane they plan be . oh really ? I get to be the fastest man in the history of space travel ? you be launching I into space in a convertible . no no , it 's worse , because I do not have any control . you be launching I into space in a tin can . and , by the way , physicist do not even use word like " fast " when describe acceleration , so they be only do it in hope I will not raise any objection because I like the way " fastest man in the history of space travel " sound . well , you know what ? ( more ) ( continued ) 91 . continued : MARK ( cont 'd ) ( think about it ) I do like it . I do like the way it sound . ( then ) okay , fine . let 's do this . music up : " waterloo " by abba begin to play ... ext . mav - day Mark stand at the base of the mav . he hold a large wrench in he hand , almost like a weapon . as Mark stare up at the mav with a gleam in he eye ... " my my at waterloo napoleon do surrender ... " int . mav - day Mark tear the acceleration chair out of the cockpit . ext . mav - day whump . one after another , the acceleration chair hit the dirt in a pile . whump . int . mav - day Mark tear out the control panel . he 's have fun . ext . mav - day whump . the control hit the dirt . the pile be grow . music up : " waterloo " by abba begin to play ... int . herme flight deck - space martinez run through a flight simulation at he station . it 's not go well . " collision with terrain " blink in angry red letter on he screen . johanssen and ... you kill he . Lewis shrug . the taskmaster . lewis try it again . martinez reboot the simulator ... 92 . int . mav cockpit - day Mark wait in the airlock with a mess of stripped equipment . ext . mav - day the outside of the mav now look like the set of sanford and son. Mark wrench one of the mav 's hull panel free . ext . mav - day up above : the nose airlock break free , and tumble down towards camera , blacking out frame . ext . mav - dusk from black , we find MARK . he 's sit on a hill slope , surveying he handiwork . the mav have be transformed . the whole front have be tear off . hab canvas now cover it . equipment litter the area all around we . junkyard on Mars . " finally face my waterloo ... " Mark just sit . exhausted . the music fade . ext . herme - space the Hermes halt rotation as it approach Mars . title : SOL 560 lewis ( prelap ) here 's the plan ... int . herme rec room - space the whole crew be present for the state of the union . lewis martinez will fly the mav . johanssen will sysop the ascent . beck and Vogel , I want you in airlock 2 with the outer door open before the mav even launch . once we reach intercept , it will be beck 's job to get watney . ( continued ) 93. continued : beck he might be in bad shape . the stripped down mav will get up to 12 ge during the launch . he could be knock unconscious and may have internal bleed . lewis well , then it 's a good thing you be we doctor . what 's the intercept plan ? beck we finish attach the tether into one long line . it 's 214 meter long . I will have the mmu , so move around should be easy . lewis how fast a relative velocity can you handle ? beck once I get to Mark ? I can grab the mav at 5 meter per second . 10 be like jump onto a move train . any more than that and I might miss . lewis we have get some leeway . the launch will be 52 minute before the intercept and it take 12 minute . as soon as Mark 's engine cut out we will know we intercept point and velocity . beck good . and 214 meter be not a hard limit , per se . lewis yes . it be . beck I take off the tether , I could get way out to -- lewis not a option . Vogel , you be beck 's backup . all go well , you be pull they back aboard with the tether . if thing go wrong , you be go out after they . vogel ja. ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) lewis all right . let 's go get we boy . int . pop up tent - day Mark sit inside the makeshift pressurize tent . he tear open he last remain ration pack : " Goodbye , Mars " he eat in silence . title : SOL 561 ext . NASA - night it 's a mob scene at NASA . network from all across the globe have send team to cover the event . camper , crew , and chaos all around as everyone fight for real estate in the biggest story of the century . ext . time square - night New - year - Eve -level crowd gather in Times Square . on the jumbotron , news report announce the " watney rescue . " int . mission control - night teddy , Vincent , and Annie watch from a observation area . annie if something go wrong , what can Mission Control do ? vincent not a damned thing . ( off she look ) it 's all happen twelve light - minute away . that mean it take twenty - four minute for they to get the answer to any question they ask . the whole launch be twelve minute long . they be on they own . annie not that we have a choice , but ... be we sure we want to be broadcasting this to the world ? I mean , if something go wrong -- vincent ( cut she off ) yes . ( more ) ( continued ) 95 . continued : vincent ( cont 'd ) ( resolute ) we want to be broadcasting this . Mitch take he position as johanssen 's voice ring out : johanssen ( over comm ) fuel pressure green . ext . street - beijing - day crowd watch the screen in Beijing as johanssen 's voice ring out : johanssen ( over comm ) engine alignment perfect ... ext . ST . petersberg - day the cold be not keep the crowd from watch the screen in the Palace Square . johanssen ( over comm ) Communications five by five ... int . herme - flight deck - space Lewis nod . she 's be wait for this moment for some time . key the console -- lewis about two minute , watney . how you do down there ? int . mav - cockpit - day Mark try to keep he emotion under control as he wait in the cockpit ... MARK it 's good to hear you voice , Commander . I be eager to get up to you . he fail . his voice break . MARK ( cont 'd ) thank you for come back for I . int . herme flight deck - space lewis we be on the case . remember , you will be pull some pretty heavy G 's . it 's okay to pass out . you be in martinez ' hand . ( continued ) 96 . continued : MARK tell that asshole no barrel - roll . lewis copy that , mav . capcom ... close on johanssen , at she station . johanssen go. lewis remote Command ... close on martinez , grin in anticipation . martinez go. lewis recovery ... int . herme - airlock 2 - space close on beck as he float in the open airlock . beneath he , the Red Planet blaze in all its brilliance . beck go. lewis ( over comm ) secondary recovery ... close on vogel , clamp to the floor behind beck . vogel go. int . herme - flight deck - space close on lewis : lewis Pilot ... and finally ... int . mav - cockpit - day close on MARK watney , in he eva suit , strapped into he acceleration seat . MARK go. 97 . ext . various - day / night all around the world -- the crowd erupt in cheer as they hear Mark 's voice . int . NASA - mission control - night lewis ( over comm ) Mission control , this be Hermes actual . we be go for launch , and will proceed on schedule . 10 second to launch ... mark . int . herme - flight deck - space martinez Main engine start . johanssen 8 ... 7 ... moor clamp release ... lewis about five second , watney . hang on . int . mav - day Mark tense in anticipation . MARK see you in a few , Commander . johanssen ( over comm ) 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... liftoff . Mark be slammed back into he acceleration couch -- ext . launchsite - day sfx : the mav launch upward with incredible force . and yes , as discuss , in the history of space travel , no manned ship have ever accelerate with more force . int . mav - day Mark can not even gasp -- the wind knock out of he -- he struggle to remain conscious as the ship shake violently -- mark Pov : stare forward , at the hab canvas ( which now patch where the nosecone use to be . ) as the ship accelerate , the canvas begin to rip -- 98 . int . herme - flight deck - space johanssen velocity 741 meter per second . altitude 1350 meter ... lewis that 's too low -- martinez I know . it 's fight I -- johanssen velocity 850 , altitude 1843 -- lewis watney ? watney , do you read ? can you report ? int . mav - day but Mark 's barely conscious -- he eye drift from terrify to serene as he fade -- he Pov -- the canvas rip free .... revealing the red atmosphere of Mars . and as it thin -- as we rocket towards the heaven -- the red give way to the black ... and the last thing Mark see before he drop unconscious -- be the star . int . herme - flight deck - space johanssen he 's well below target altitude . lewis how far below ? johanssen work on it -- Main shutdown in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... shutdown . martinez back to automatic guidance . confirm shutdown . lewis watney ? do you read ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : beck ( over comm ) he 's probably pass out . he pull 12 G 's on the ascent . give he a few minute . lewis copy . johanssen I have interval ping . intercept velocity will be 11 meter per second ... beck ( over comm ) I can make that work . johanssen distance at intercept will be -- ( goe pale ) we will be 68 kilometer apart . int . herme - airlock 2 - space beck do she say 68 kilometer ? kilometer ? int . herme - flight deck - space martinez oh my god ... lewis keep it together . work the problem . martinez , do we have any juice in the mav ? martinez negative , Commander . they ditch the oms system to make launch weight . lewis then we have to go he . johanssen , time to intercept ? johanssen 39 minute , 12 second -- lewis what if we point we attitude thruster all the same direction ? martinez depend on how much fuel we want to save for attitude adjustment on the trip home . ( continued ) 100 . continued : lewis how much do you need ? martinez I could get by with maybe 20 percent of what 's leave . lewis johanssen -- johanssen ( already work it ) use 75.5 percent of remain attitude adjust fuel . that will bring the intercept range to zero . lewis do it . johanssen hang on -- that get the range to zero , but the intercept velocity will be 42 meter per second -- lewis then we have 39 minute to figure out how to slow down . martinez , burn the jet . ext . herme - space whoosh . the attitude thruster FIRE . the Hermes change course -- int . mav - day close on MARK as he eyelid flutter . he wince in pain as he slowly regains consciousness . beneath he -- the orbit mav offer a unobstructed view of Mars . the great red planet 's horizon stretch out forever as the wispy atmosphere give it a fuzzy edge . it 's breathtaking . awe -inspire . Mark hold up he middle finger . fuck you , Mars . MARK mav to Hermes -- lewis ( over comm ) watney ?! MARK affirmative , Commander . ( continued ) 101 . continued : lewis ( over comm ) what 's you status ? MARK my chest hurt . I think I break some rib . ( then ) how be you ? lewis ( over comm ) we be work on get you . there be a complication during launch . MARK yeah . the canvas do not hold ... int . herme - flight deck - space MARK ( over comm ) I think it rip early in the ascent . lewis that 's consistent with what we see . MARK ( over comm ) how bad be it , Commander ? lewis we have correct the intercept range , but we have get a problem with the intercept velocity . MARK ( over comm ) how big a problem ? lewis 42 meter per second . int . mav - day we be close on MARK as that news land . MARK well . shit . int . herme - flight deck - space everyone struggle to find a solution . Mark 's voice interrupt the silence : MARK ( over comm ) Commander ? 102 . int . mav - day lewis ( over comm ) go ahead , Mark . MARK I could find something sharp in here and poke a hole in the glove of my eva suit . I could use the escape air as a thruster and fly my way to you . since the source be on my arm , I could direct it pretty easy . int . herme - flight deck - space lewis I can not see you have any control if you do that . you would be eyeball the intercept and use a thrust vector you can barely control . MARK ( over comm ) that be very good point . but . consider this : int . mav - day MARK I would get to fly around like Iron man . int . herme - flight deck - space lewis we should have leave he on Mars . MARK ( over comm ) Iron man , Commander . Iron man. Lewis rub she face . thinks . hmm ... lewis maybe it 's not the worst idea . martinez no , it actually be . the worst idea . ever . lewis not he part . but use atmosphere as thrust ... ( spring into action ) martinez , get Vogel 's station up and run ... ( continued ) 103 . continued : martinez it 's up . what do you need ? lewis I need to know what happen if we blow the val . both martinez and johanssen straighten up . what ? martinez you want to open the vehicular airlock ? lewis it would give we a good kick . martinez yeah . and it might blow the nose of the ship off in the process . johanssen and ... all the air would leave . and we need air . to not die . lewis we will seal the bridge and reactor room . we let everywhere else go vacuo . martinez but we would still have the same problem as watney . we can not direct the thrust . lewis we do not have to . the val be in the nose . we just point the ship at Mark . martinez ( read the number ) a breach at the val would decelerate we 29 meter per second . johanssen which give we a relative velocity of 13 meter per second . lewis beck -- you hearing this ? int . herme - flight deck - space martinez how do we open the airlock door ? there 's no way to open they remotely , and if anyone 's nearby when it blow ... ( continued ) 104 . continued : lewis right ... right ... ( thinks ) Vogel ? vogel ( over comm ) go ahead , Commander . lewis take you suit off . ( then ) I need you to come back in and make a bomb . int . mav - day MARK do you say " bomb ? " you guy be make a bomb without I ? int . herme - airlock 2 - space vogel um ... again , please , Commander . lewis ( over comm ) you be the chemist . can you make a bomb with what we have get on board ? vogel probably . but ... I feel oblige to mention that set off a explosive device on a spacecraft be a terrible , terrible idea . lewis ( over comm ) copy that . can you do it ? vogel ( thinks ; then ) ja. int . mission control - night Lewis ' voice ring out through the room : lewis ( over comm ) Houston , be advise : we be go to deliberately breach the val to produce thrust . chaos erupt at Mission Control . what did she just say ? 105 . int . herme - flight deck - space lewis beck -- leave you suit on . meet johanssen at airlock 1 . we will open the outer door . I need you to place the charge on the inner door ... int . herme - airlock 2 - space lewis ( over comm ) ... and climb back to airlock 2 along the hull . beck copy . on my way . int . herme / mav - space - intercut Mark rip free a jag edge of metal scrap from what use to be the console . MARK Commander , I can not let you guy do this . I be ready to puncture the suit . let 's go with the Iron man plan . lewis absolutely not . MARK the thing be , I be selfish . and I want the memorial back home to be just I . I do not want the rest of you loser in they . ( earnest ) Commander ... call it off . lewis oh. okay . well , if you want we to call it off , then I guess we have to oh wait ... wait a minute . yep . I be look at my shoulder patch and it turn out I be Commander . so shut up . MARK ( mutter ) smart ass . int . herme rec room - space Vogel work fast . he pour sugar into a strong glass beaker . drill a hole in the stopper as johanssen enter -- ( continued ) 106 . continued : johanssen bomb ? vogel ( nods ) bomb . in a pure oxygen environment , 16.7 million joule will be release for every kilogram of sugar use . eight time more powerful than a stick of dynamite . he pour liquid oxygen into the beaker . johanssen how do we activate it ? Vogel strip electrical wire , thread they into the stopper . vogel can you run this to one of we lighting panel ? johanssen grin . int . herme - val ( airlock 1 ) - space beck ( in he spacesuit ) enter the vehicular airlock as johanssen be rip wire out of the lighting panel and thread they into the bomb . johanssen make sure you be not still here when this go off . he take the bomb from she . johanssen ( cont 'd ) wait -- they share a look . johanssen ( cont 'd ) be careful . out in space . johanssen kiss he face plate . johanssen ( cont 'd ) do not tell anyone I do that . beck smile . close the ( inner ) airlock door behind she . 107 . int / ext . herme - val ( airlock 1 ) - space as the outer door open , revealing space , beck finish secure the improvise bomb to the inner door . beck bomb be set . on my way . int . herme - flight deck - space as johanssen race back to she post , martinez work quickly at he station . martinez guy , I be run the number -- even with optimal val blow , we be gonna be off on we angle . lewis what 's the new intercept distance ? ( impatient ) johanssen . johanssen 260 meter . approximate . lewis that 's too far ... she think for a moment . then she race off the flight deck . martinez Commander ? ext . herme - space beck climb out of airlock 1 , and make he way along the hull of Hermes , use the handhold . we follow he as he traverse the ship , and as he make he way into airlock 2 ... int . herme - airlock 2 - space ...he find lewis , fully suite up , wait for he . lewis the intercept distance be gonna be too far . I be go untether . beck Commander , I can do this -- lewis it 's not a debate , beck . I be not risk another crew member . ( continued ) 108 . continued : beck see there 's no argue with she . lewis ( cont 'd ) johanssen , time to val blow ? johanssen ( over comm ) 15 second ... lewis we sure know how to cut it close . int . herme - flight deck - space Vogel rush into the flight deck . johanssen 10 second ... martinez strap in . they tighten the restraint on they chair . johanssen 5 ... 4 ... 3... lewis brace for deceleration . johanssen 2 ... 1 ... activate panel 41 . she press enter . int . herme - val ( airlock 1 ) - space we be close on the bomb as the current hit it ... ka - booom ! the explosion rip the airlock door to shred -- as the Hermes decelerate , Lewis and beck be slammed up against the wall -- int . herme - flight deck - space martinez , Vogel , and johanssen endure the deceleration in they chair . after four second , the ship stabilize -- johanssen Bridge seal hold . martinez damage ? ( continued ) 109 . continued : lewis ( over comm ) worry about that later ... what 's we relative velocity ? int . herme - airlock 2 - space johanssen ( over comm ) 12 meter per second . lewis copy . and with that , Commander Lewis place she foot against the back wall for leverage ... and jump . int . herme - flight deck - space lewis ( over comm ) what 's we intercept range ? johanssen stare at the calculation . that can not be right ... johanssen 312 meter . int . mav - day Mark hear the news . oh shit . MARK you say 312 ? great . I will wave at you guy as I go by . lewis ( over comm ) I have visual on the mav -- ext . herme - space Lewis sail clear of the ship , control she movement with she mmu . we spot the rotate mav way off in the distance -- lewis Mark -- you be still way too far -- I be not gonna make it -- int . mav - day Mark hear the news . steel himself . ( continued ) 110 . continued : MARK Commander . seriously . ( then ) I get this . Mark unclip he harness . slam he makeshift knife into he suit . whoosh -- the air shoot out through the puncture -- ext . mav - day and we be outside the mav -- as it tumble away from we -- Mark watney soar out of the ship . MARK ( have the time of he life ) I have visual on the Commander . ahead in the distance -- there 's Lewis . Mark try to adjust course as they rocket towards each other . lewis johanssen -- what 's my relative velocity to Mark ? and as we score begin to build ... int . herme - flight deck - space angle johanssen -- knuckle white as she type -- johanssen 5.2 meter per second ... angle martinez -- on the edge of he seat -- lewis ( over comm ) copy . adjusting course -- angle vogel -- heart in he throat -- johanssen 3.1 meter per second ... int . herme - airlock 2 - space angle beck -- watch the two figure rocket towards each other below -- johanssen ( over comm ) distance to target -- 24 meter -- 111 . ext . herme - space angle lewis -- as she counter - thrust , fire she mmu . try to slow as Mark approach -- johanssen ( over comm ) 11 meter to target ... and finally ... ext . space angle MARK . as he cut through space . free as the proverbial bird . the Red Planet silhouett behind he as he leave it behind , once and for all . as the score swell to crescendo , this two astronaut soar towards one another , arm outstretch ... johanssen ( over comm ) 6 meter to target ... just as they reach each other -- MARK contact . ext . space - day Mark and Lewis float together , hold tight to one another . close on MARK . as he stare at Lewis . the first human he have see in age . he smile . MARK you have terrible taste in music . int . NASA - mission control - night everyone leap up as Lewis ' voice ring out through mission control -- lewis ( over comm ) I get he . they erupt into cheer -- ext . ST . petersberg - day -- and the cheer explode through russia ... 112 . ext . time square - night ... and new york as news report break the story of Mark 's rescue on the big screen . ext . beijing - day ... and china ... ext . / int . airlock - day lewis guide MARK towards the airlock with she mmu . lewis ( into comm ) beck , prep the sick bay . we be bring he to you . everyone else , meet I in airlock two . martinez , johanssen , and vogel race down from the bridge to meet they . they be not in suit -- they have to wait for the outer airlock to close . through the observation window : they see Lewis and Mark touch down in the airlock . the outer airlock close -- whoosh -- Mark collapse , exhaust . the inner airlock open . martinez , johanssen , and Vogel race into the room , grab Mark . support he . holding he . MARK hi guy . everyone fight back tear . johanssen oh , hey Mark . have not see you in a while . martinez yeah . what have you be up to ? MARK oh. you know . same old , same old . click . they help he with he helmet . as they pull it off , everyone be suddenly take aback . oh my god ... vogel you smell horrible . MARK I have not shower in a year and a half . cut I some slack . johanssen 's eye be water . good lord , he smell bad . ( continued ) 113. continued : johanssen you do not know what you be ask we here . martinez yeah , captain , we may need to put he back . MARK I miss you guy . they hold each another . ext . earth - to establish Home . it 's never look more warm and welcoming . ext . park - johnson space CENTER - day a man sit by himself on a bench . angle to reveal it 's MARK watney . bask in the warmth of a beautiful day . title : day 1 int . NASA - teaching theater - day the young , fresh - face recruit in NASA 's astronaut candidate Program be abuzz as Mark enter the room . the student nudge each other -- look , there he be . by the time Mark reach the lectern at the front , he have the full attention of the class . MARK welcome to the astronaut candidate Program . pay attention . this could save you life . ( then ) trust I , I know what I be talk about . the class laugh . MARK ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's see if I can get some of you question out of the way up front . yes , I do , indeed , survive on a desert planet by farming in my own shit . it be even more disgusting than it sound . let 's never speak of it again . more laughter . Mark let it subside . ( continued ) 114 . continued : MARK ( cont 'd ) question two : " when you be strand and alone up there ... do you think you be gonna die ? " and there 's a pause as Mark think about it . the rare moment of reflection for we hero . he nod . genuine : MARK ( cont 'd ) yes . then ... MARK ( cont 'd ) and it will happen to you , too . you should know that go in . it 's space . it 's fill with chance , circumstance , and bad luck . it do not cooperate . at some point , I promise , at some point every single thing be gonna go south on you , and you will think : this be it . this be how I end . ( then ) and you can either accept that ... or you can get to work . he let that word land . MARK ( cont 'd ) that 's all it be . you simply begin . solve one problem . then the next one , then the next . ( then ) you solve enough problem ... and you get to come home . Mark open he notebook . MARK ( cont 'd ) all right . question ? every hand in the class shoot into the air . music up : " love train " by the o'jays carry we to ... ext . launchpad - day a spacecraft be readied for launch . ( continued ) 115 . continued : annie ( prelap ) ... as soon as Mission Control finish they pre-flight check , we will begin launch procedure ... int . NASA - PRESS room - day annie montrose stand at she place at the podium . Annie 's a little older , a little wiser , but can still command a room . annie the are 5 team will rendezvous with the Hermes approximately 48 minute after launch . from there , they have get 414 day of space travel ahead of they , arrive at Mars on March 30th . and I will let the director of Mars mission , Vincent kapoor , brief you on the particular . vincent step to the podium . he 's calm . at ease . much better on television than we have ever see he . vincent good morning . they mission be schedule for 41 sol . you brief detail the research and experiment schedule ... and the music continue throughout as ... int . NASA - mission control the room be abuzz with activity as they prepare for launch . mindy park take she place at she station . she 's move up in the world , now bear the title of : mindy Flight , capcom . ready to begin preflight check . brendan hatch take he place as the new flight director . brendan go ahead , capcom . up above : in the viewing room ... teddy sander watch the activity from he solitary seat . he have he GREEN folder at the ready beside he . ext . JPL - morning a deer trot through JPL grounds ... it 's still early yet at the jet propulsion lab in pasadena .... ( continued ) 116 . continued : but bruce no be awake . and he still look as exhaust and rumple as ever . but he 's in a good mood . he eat breakfast with he team outside as they watch the news report detail the " are 5 launch . " Bruce and he team laugh , make joke with each other . one of they toss food to the deer . int . suburban house - day " people all over the world , join in ... " five beautiful blonde child race through the house , wear NASA t-shirt and jumpsuit -- we get the sense this be the superbowl for this family . alex vogel grab he youngest daughter as they race past . he scoops they up in he arm . they laugh and laugh . int . spacecraft - day the are 5 astronaut secure themselves into they acceleration chair . we settle on one astronaut : wen jiang . the first chinese national to go to Mars . capcom ( over comm ) guidance . wen go. int . NASA - mission control zhu tao and guo ming stand at the back of the room , listen with pride as Wen run through he check . a historic moment for they country . ext . park - morning mitch henderson watch he grandson run around the park . we get the sense ( the force ) retirement be treat he well . int . hospital - day " let this train keep on riding , riding on through ... " CHRIS beck accept a bouquet of flower from a nurse . set they down next to the other as he check on ... his wife . beth johanssen . who 's hold there newborn baby girl in she arm . beck climb into the hospital bed next to they . 117 . int . spacecraft - day as we hear the timer controller initiate the countdown ... timer controller ( over comm ) 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... we settle on the final member of the are 5 team : rick martinez . he grin as he feel that all - too-familiar surge of adrenaline . here we go again ... int . house - day we be moving down the hallway of a quaint house . on the wall : vintage album and poster ... donna summer 's last dance on 7 " ... c'est chic ... a frame top that look like something gloria gaynor wear ... timer controller ( over comm ) 7 ... 6 ... and mix in among the glittery paraphernalia : the NASA distinguish service Medal ... the congressional Medal of honor ... melissa lewis be glue to the television . she do not look up as she husband bring she a cup of tea . she 's with the crew in this moment . her husband do not take offense . he give she a loving pat and exit . timer controller ( over comm ) ( cont 'd ) 5 ... 4 ... int . NASA - mission control " people all over the world , `round the world y'all , join hand ... " wide on the whole room as the team stare back at we in eager anticipation . timer controller ( over comm ) 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Launch . the crowd erupt into cheer . they reach for one another . we drift up to find ... 118. ext . space Earth . Blue and beautiful . Home . fade out . the end