a rastar colgem Square burbank , CA 91505 843-6000 '' the toy " by Carol sobiesky 2nd draft February 14 , 1982 fade in : ext . helicopter shot - moving in on bate , louisiana - day the edge of the sun at the horizon . the city glisten in the midst of the lush farmland and the brown meander Mississippi . the SOUND of two people making love , over . high angle shot - moving in on slum the squalor of black bate . trash . lowrider . graffiti . vacant lot . board - up building . sleazy bar . the break beer bottle in that street alone pick up the light of dawn . other than that , sleep cat and deep shadow . the people make love be get it together . quickening breathing . a urgency . come in on window in the three - room , clapboard house with a for sale sign in front . the paint be peel , some window break , the curtain limp , the whole house sag to the north , but it 's no worse than all the other house in the area . the breathing be punctuated with little gasp of pleasure . int . house the interior wall have be remove , except for the bath - room it be one large space , oddly livable and nice , amid poverty . the furniture be goodwill reject . Fair house picket sign . Law book . a jockstrap . Monet 's water lily tack to the stain wallpaper . a old typewriter . stack of yellow paper , full of type and legal pad full of handwrite . bowl : of dry chinese vegetable , different gauge pasta and dry flower . a sink corrode through , with a wrench for a faucet and a bucket to catch the leak . a Air Force exercise chart . a flourishing philodendron . the breathing be faster . whimper and sigh and fanfare . on bed they fall apart , happy . jack be a thin man with a beard . angela be a nyu law school graduate and a vivid beauty . ( continued ) 5 continued : angela how do you feel ? jack save . she laugh , snuggle closer . angela you beard be manifestation of a death wish , Jack , do you know that ? jack sheeit . angela bate consider beard a brand of communism . jack why do you carry on like it be a ten , if it be not ten ? angela bate own the town . it 's ask for failure . up on he elbow , irritate . jack now wait a second . I do not have to suck up to that anybody . I have get a publisher . she caress he beard , deaf . angela shave it off . take some menial job . you have not work in so long you have forget how . jack write a book be not work ? angela it would be healthy . he look at she owlishly . jack I be unhealthy ? ( continued ) 5 continued : ( 2 ) angela there 's a direct correlation between unemployment and sexual malfunction . jack be it a nine ? angela we use up the publisher ' advance six month ago . jack eight ? angela we have get to come up with two grand by the end of the month or we lose the house , Jack . Jack remember suddenly -- go rigid -- grab he watch . jack oh , Jesus . I be have breakfast with the Bank in twenty minute . leap out of bed , stop mid air : jack ( continue ) Seven ? angela ( grin , grudgingly ) and a half . he leap back on top of she . jack you be so full of bullshit , woman ... very tight he look at she , vibrant with admiration , stunne at he good luck . jack let 's get marry . she hug he , abruptly as soft as she be fierce . ( continued ) 6 continued : angela what be you gonna tell the Bank ? jack ( stroking she hair , comforting she ) couple of joke . it will be all right . banker have a sense of humor too . ( look into she eye ) if I get a extension of credit , can we get marry ? Long look . angela yep . he hoot with triumph , sweep she into he arm . ext . jack STREET Wide , bleak and untend , full of dust and break promise . beat - up pickup . Old car on block in front yard . though it be still early , there be people lean on porch rail , on car , hang out , go nowhere . Jack ease he old ten speed out of the house . credit . jack swing up onto he bike and start down the street , avoid the pothole and glass and stray dog . the kid and neighbor wave greeting . he wave back , settling a green backpack on he shoulder , riding on , without hand . whistle . downtown mostly board up empty store front . many business with " bate " in the title . the newspaper building , the Dixie Daily ( a division of bate enterprise ) , be still in operation , on the main square . the square itself sport a larger than life statue of bate in stone . Jack breeze by on he bike , whistling , toss the statue the finger . 10 ' all 12 13 store Jack ride through the shadow of early morning still long from the old fashioned three - story midtown bate Department store . bate enterprise build the tallest , newest , most impose building in town . in front of which be a free stand sign with " employment opportunity " list under the bate motto : " Welfare corrupt . " Jack breeze by on he bike . ext . LA noisette rose Jack ride he bike up a gangplank , hop off . La noisette Rose be a restaurant on a paddle wheeler , on the Mississippi . open 24 hour . Chicken fry Steak we specialty ! credit end . int . LA noisette rose a air of superiority . view of refinery and muddy river out the window . pink tableclothes , waiter in pink jacket . a small bowl of pink walnut on each table . most of the customer be middle - age , florid -face man in business suit breakfast with young blond in form fitting jeans , satin blouse with tool cowboy boot and the farah fawcett hairdos . Jack Brown be finish breakfast with a sour look banker in a three - piece pin stripe suit . there be a awkward silence . Jack set down he coffee cup with a clatter . jack sorry. ( smile ingratiatingly ) know why dolly parton 's foot be so small ? banker I have hear it . Jack clear he throat , regroup . jack Heard about the Polish mosquito ? ( continued ) a 13 continued : banker Jack , if you do not get a job -- jack ( to pass waiter ) check please . waiter right away , mussier . banker be you listen ? jack ever see a walnut crack by a judo chop ? banker this be important . this be bottom line -- jack ( take a walnut , shove he sleeve up ) this be spectacular . banker ( tight rage ) Jack , you need a pay job by the end of the week . or we will repossess everything you own , start with you goddam typewriter . chop . the pitcher of cream jump off the table into the banker 's lap . he stand , white liquid spread over he pants front . jack it 's just half and half . it will wash out -- he grab he napkin , wipe the man 's front make it worse . banker this be a new suit . jack I will pay for the clean . ( continued ) in 13 14 continued : ( 2 ) banker with what ? jack just send the bill to the house . the waiter come with the check on a little tray . Jack slip he credit card into the tray . the waiter start away . the banker tackle he , snatch the credit card back . banker you can not use this . jack the bank will not cash my check . banker of course not . you be overdrawn . jack ( sotto voce ) they do not know that here . banker but the bank will have to honor this . jack exactly . banker but I just tell you . we be not extend you credit unless you get a job . ( dig for he wallet ) I will pay . here . how much be it ? the banker take the bill off the tray , red-face with anger . the waiter stick a toothpick in he tooth and eyeball the ceiling . Jack take the bill back . jack I can not allow you to do that . I invite you . you be my guest . I -- the banker grab it back , Jack grab it back , knock over the whole table . ext . bate build - later am Jack be on he bike , circle the employment opportunity sign . stew , ponder and circle . 15 16 17 on sign Petroleum engineer , Computer programmer , accountant , etc . and at the very bottom : Cleaning woman ( part time ) . ext . bate build entrance elegant people come and go through the polished bronze and glass revolve door . Jack swing off he bike , begin to lock it to the load Zone standard in front of the front door . next to a park Chrysler limousine . fancy bate , a very chic , very voluptuous creature of about twenty - five , sweep out of the building , wear a full length mink coat , head for the limo . behind she , wring he hand be geffran , a bald , blue-suite , nervous man . behind he , barkley , the chauffeur . Jack grin , move he bike out of she way , open the door of the car for she . she smile at he regally . fancy why , I do thank you so very much . jack my pleasure , foxy lady . barkley shut the door with care . on geffran and jack geffran mop he forehead , glance sideways at Jack and he lascivious grin . geffran not for you , pal . jack it 's a free country . geffran that 's Fancy bate . jack his daughter ? geffran wife . numero three . ( continued ) 17 18 19 continued : jack no shit . think she 's ready for the black experience ? geffran wince . laugh , Jack swing in the door . int . outer office poster for the bate credit Union , sign up sheet for baseball team . this be the employment office for bate enterprise . a couple of ancient black woman be wait . a couple of computer programmer . one engineer . the tweedy secretary , wellsley , look disapprovingly at Jack who be sit with the woman , he bookbag between he knee . he smile back at she . the Secretary look at she list . secretary miss Jackie Brown . Jack get up , smile at the Secretary , head for the door . secretary ( continue ) wait . not you . we need a part - time woman . jack ( lisping ) I can be a part-time woman . wiggles into the office before she can stop he . int . vice president of personnel's office sidney morehouse , the soul of propriety , be look over the resume and clipping and article in Jack 's bookbag . morehouse you be what I would call over qualified , Mr. Brown . what we want be a woman for three hour a night to clean around the window display . you be a journalist . jack the Dixie Daily pocen t hire black . lf ( continued ) 10 . 19 continued : morehouse be this a protest or something ? jack no , sir . I need the job . morehouse shake he head , begin to put the article back in the bag . morehouse I be sorry . jack I can do anything a woman can do . almost . morehouse no . the answer 's no . no now , no tomorrow . no next week . no next year . jack what I like about this outfit be its open mindedness . morehouse I know what Mr. bate want . to be crude , aunt jemima . you look nothing like aunt jemima . you look like trouble . what Mr. bate do not want be trouble . clipping and award back in the bookbag . hand it back to Jack , smile . morehouse -( continue ) thank you for come in . miss wellsley will give you a parking validation . jack my girl friend 's trouble , Mr. morehouse , not I . morehouse you girl friend ? what be you talk about ? jack she 's the local legal staff +. the Southern Poverty Law enter . - ( more ) ( cont inued ) 19 continued ; morehouse cupboard , morehouse 11 . ( 2 ) jack ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) she 's very litigious . sink perceptibly into he chair , open a drink a antacid . morehouse be that mean to be amusing ? jack it 's mean as a threat . morehouse on what grounds could she possibly sue ? . jack it 's illegal to hire a woman if a more competent man be available for the job . morehouse more competent in whose opinion ? jack ( yell ) I be not more competent than that deadbeat broad ? shall we have a carry a bucket of water up the escalator race ? with all of they together ? wipe he forehead with a large handkerchief . morehouse it 's a terrible job , Mr. Brown , if truth be tell , you would not like it , you have to come in at noon on tuesday and Fridays to serve staff luncheon -- jack I work my way through college wait table . morehouse as well as report at six p.m , every night of the week for three hour . the compensation be below -- jack I will take it . ( continued ) 19 20 21 12 . continued : ( 3 ) morehouse that bad out there ? jack worse . morehouse play he last card . morehouse how attach be you to that beard ? jack be I gonna vacuum with my beard ? come on , man , that shit go out with the sixty . morehouse smile , relieved , triumphant . morehouse we be all part of Mr. bate ' family here . in he family none of we wear . beard . on jack reacting , digging in internally . int . kitchen a clean -shaven Jack slide in the door . the kitchen be bustling with preparation for a elaborate luncheon for forty people . there be a dozen aunt jemima type in black uniform , trim with white , the traditional white apron and lace trim cap . ruby dee , a immense capable black , turn with salad tong and a scowl to Jack . ruby dee whoever you want , she 's busy . come on back about three . jack I be look for Ruby Dee . ruby dee that 's I . what about ? jack I be the new clean lady . ( continued ) 21 22 23 13. continued : ruby dee Christ almighty , morehouse flip he lid . jack he take pity on I , mama , do not knock the dude . ruby dee ( grin ) well , you sure gonna look weird in the uniform . int . corporate dine room a long table set for a formal meal , complete with extra wine glass , salad plate , butter plate , cold soup already at each of the forty place . there be forty executive , mostly man , in three piece brook Brothers suit and tie and conservative haircut . the head accountant , Mr. geffran , come in from the hallway . geffran ( announce ) Mr. bate be on he way . as a body , the executive move toward the table , talk in modulate , civilized tone . the waitress come in , with serve dish . morehouse come in . morehouse he 's on the phone to London , five minute . as a body they move away from the table . Ruby Dee come in from . the kitchen . ruby dee he 's off the phone . sit , kid . like a wave to the table . tight as geffran and morehouse sit together . ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 14 . continued : geffran anything interesting go on in personnel ? morehouse not really . in accounting ? geffran we move in soybean wake up the justice Department . cornere the market . ( wipe he hand on he napkin ) what 's bate suppose to do with he money ? whatever he busy he corner the market -- spot Jack , morehouse choke on he soup . geffran slap he on the back . Pov midway in the line of waitress carry serve dish , Jack , " in the waitress uniform : the black dress , the white apron , the trim cap . he be carry a silver dish full of bread , wrap in a linen napkin . a crystal bowl of butter ball on ice . full shot as the woman circulate , serve butter , salad , pour ice water , wine , etc. , no one but morehouse notice Jack . after all , he 's black and wear a uniform . morehouse glance frantically around the table . two as Jack lean over morehouse 's leave shoulder , unwrap the bread . jack bread , Mr. morehouse ? morehouse get out of here , hurry , go , get some pants on , Mr. Brown , before Mr. bate come in . ( cont inued ) 26 27 28 15 . continued : jack butter ? morehouse loosen he tie , mop he forehead with he napkin . Jack grin , circle the head of the table , pull the head chair back , cut in between to pass the bread to the other side of the table . new angle bate come in . bate be Southern tradition , a good old boy with a wide stance , a ready smile and lethal eye . he wear brook Brothers exclusively . even he underwear be brook Brothers . talk trail off . everyone smile toward the end of the table . the waitress move toward he end , ready to serve he . bate good. good . time be money . Ruby Dee come out of the kitchen before he get to he chair . ruby dee Mr. bate . phone . bate no call . ruby dee it 's you son . bate ( smile , head for kitchen ) oh. ( to other ) Excuse I . with bate pick up the hall extension in the kitchen . bate '' Eric ? how be the flight ? I be real glad you be here , son , we be go to have a real good week together . ( smile ) anything you want . absolutely . 29 30 31 32 33 16 . int . dine room bate stride over to the head chair , sit , pull the table to he . angle on corporate officer as the table slide past they , maybe three foot . they look at it , then at each other , then at bate , then try to sort it out without object . on bate impervious to the chaos he 's create , he begin to eat . on waitress line up behind he , serve he , one after another . on jack try to sort out the plate . pass they back and forth , collect the one on he arm that no one claim . and the glass . and the fork . and the ashtray . jack here . I think this one 's yours . it be not ? Sir , do you have a blueberry muffin ? whose blueberry muffin be this ? what kind of salad dress do you have ? here . be not that yours ? I think so . well just take it , nobody 's get any disease . how about this one for you ? do this look like you fork ? work he way down the table , collect more and more plate that people will not claim , can not find the correct person for , until o'brien at the end , who be eat in he lap . jack like the soup ? o'brien very much . jack want a card table ? ( continued ) 17. o'brien if it would not be too much trouble . jack not at all . o'brien thank you , miss . Jack head for the kitchen door . bate point at he , bate you . Jack look behind himself , no one . then approach bate . jack I ? bate who be you ? jack you new clean woman , Mr. bate . bate nod . bate name ? jack Brown . Jack Brown . bate the woman I employ , Mr. Brown , be require to wear hose or shave they leg . do you have three dollar for a pair of hose ? jack not on I , but -- bate then shave . jack my leg ? bate yes . ( continued ) 33 34 35 18. continued : ( 2 ) jack now ? bate ( smile ) right now . int . men' room still in he waitress uniform , one foot propped on the sink , Jack be try to lather up the hair on he leg with the soap from the dispenser . muttering . then win - cing as he pull the disposable razor through the mess . other man use the facility look at he strangely , then give he wide berth . morehouse come in . morehouse Brown ? good God . what be you do ? jack shave . morehouse you beard , man , all I mean be you beard . jack ( rinsing the razor ) in the bate family , we all shave we leg . do not you know ? he tell I himself . smile , exit . morehouse look after he a moment , then pick up the razor , prop he foot on the sink , slide up he pants . the door open , Jack be there . jack schmuck ! vanish , laugh . int . klanwatch office - day in one of the board up office building , a store front remain open . ( continued ) 35 198 continued : there be two black intellectual , one man and one woman , each behind desk , on telephone . at the very back , Angela at she desk which be pile with papers , also on the phone . there be bookshelve full of lawbook be - hind she . around the wall poster celebrate the klanwatch 's activity . Jack be sit in the chair across from Angela , he foot up on the desk , piss . angela ( into phone , shrill ) seventy dollar ? it 's not possible ! what be you lining they with , spun gold ? ( listen , gather herself in hand ) of course do they , you goddam thief . I need brake . and by five . ( plead ) five thirty . yeah , okay . hang up , take a breath to steady herself , grin at Jack . angela ( continue ) I like you chin . jack ( pull up he | pant leg ) wait will you see my calve . she come around she desk , plop into he lap , laugh . angela you get a job . that 's what 's important . that 's what 's terrific . jack it do not embarrass you to be live with a clean woman ? angela I think it 's hysterical . jack I think I be gonna quit . ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 39 20 . continued : ( 2 ) angela we need money , Jack . I do not care if you pump gas or push a broom or teach school , but do something , something with a paycheck . jack I be a journalist , goddammit , the only thing I be comfortable do be write ! angela you do not wanna get marry ? he stare at she . grin . they kiss . ext . bate department store - night the Chrysler limousine arrive . a small boy emerge . start for the front door . see the crowd by the window , walk over . he be wear a military school uniform . eric bate , nine - year - old , thin , self - assure and arrogant . int . store window - night Jack be run the vacuum cleaner around the lingerie exhibit , four mannequin in bras and teddy and bikinis in a bathroom set . by accident , he knock against a mannequin with the vacuum cleaner hose . she topple over , crash into the other , they fall like a house of card , one smash she hand on the vanity table . ext . window - night a fascinate crowd . int . window Jack have set two mannequin upright but in lift # 3 he knock they over again . look , pain , at the mess around he , spot the break hand . pick it up . in do so the vacuum cleaner cord become entangle , he end on he ass . 40 ‘4l 42 43 44 45 46 21. ext . window some laugh . some applaud . some pull they child away . barkely and Eric have go . int . ground floor - store the chrome and glass display of expensive thing be cold and forbid in the darkness of the cold store . Eric come in , follow by a phalanx of blue-suite manager . moving shot - geffran and toy manager ( o'brien ) follow , mutter to each other . geffran why do I have to stay for this ? I be accounting . be he go to exceed he credit limit ? o'brien it 's always the toy department . I wish he would grow up . I wish he would get interested in stereo . new angle Eric stop . the man pile up behind he . the boy watch as Jack , unaware of he audience , try to unscrew another mannequin 's hand , with no success . jack give I a hand you tight - ass broad . eric smile . the manager be in a quandary as to what to do . jack give up , pick up the break hand , leave she . eric suppress a laugu , fossr : . 47 48 49 22. long shot as Jack move through the store encumber with the break hand try to find a loose hand . the child and he be - tinue move along behind he , always out of sight , always watch . toy department Jack find himself in the display of life-size stuff figure of superheros from the movie . he knock batman over by accident . pick he up . jack sorry , bat . pat he on the shoulder . the batman collapse again . Jack tuck the mannequin hand into he back pocket , set up the batman again . jack ( continue ) on you foot , klutz . bat collapse again . Jack let out a sigh -- prop he against wonder woman -- they nearly tip over -- he drag superman into a sort of tri-pod arrangement . jack ( continue ; to wonder woman ) live it up , darling . eric in the shadow turn to the blue-suite man behind he . eric that . the toy department manager come forward , adjust he tie , smile . o'brien the batman ? eric no. ( point ) him . ( continued ) 49 50 51 52 23. continued : o'brien superman ? eric the black man . jack whirl around in astonishment . manager alarm and consternation . feature eric o' brien , the toy manager , be about to cry . o'brien the black man . eric yes . o'brien he 's not a toy . eric I do not care . o'brien he 's one of we clean people , Eric . eric I want he . o'brien he 's not for sale . eric why not ? o'brien because he 's ... a person . eric daddy say anything I want . anything in the store . ( continued ) 52 53 24 . continued : o'brien you can not buy a human be , Eric . eric why not ? o'brien because you can not ! the boy fix he with a look . o' brien finally crumble . feature jack who watch as o'brien adjust he tie , hike up he pants , swallow and with tangible reluctance walk the distance to Jack , hand extend , jovial smile in place . o'brien Tim o'brien . toy . jack ( shake the hand ) Jack Brown . window . o'brien the , uh , boy over there ? jack yes ? o'brien he 's uh , the son of we , uh -- jack boss . o'brien right ! jack I can see a resemblance . o'brien he , uh , would like to take you home with he . > jack what ? o'brien just for a week . ( continued ) 53 continued : 25 . Jack look at he sideways , then at the boy , then at the manager . jack be he sick ? o'brien no. jack nut ? o'brien no. jack then what be we talk about ? o'brien he 's use to , uh , get he own way . jack be you serious ? o'brien very . jack you want I to go with he ? o'brien if you would not mind . jack well , I would . o'brien I do not want he throw a tantrum in my department , please , Mr. Brown . jack I do not give a damn where he throw he tantrum . the answer 's no . o' brien grab he as he head away , offer he a fifty dollar bill . Jack glare at he . jack ( continue ) I be not for sale , man . ( continued ) 53 54 55 26 . continued : ( 2 ) o' brien palm he another fifty . jack ( continue ) I mean it . we sort that out in the Civil War . o' brien thumb out four more fifty , slowly , then tuck they into Jack 's pocket . featuring eric as o'brien propel Jack over to the child . - o'brien the gentleman will be delighted , Eric . his name be Jack Brown . Jack , this be master bate . Jack do a take , no one else seem to have hear . he extend he hand . Eric ignore it . eric I will call he nigger . jack and I will call you prick . stun silence . then the child smile . eric wrap he up . jack what ?! Eric 's eye flick dangerously toward the toy manager . he loosen he tie , sigh , take Jack aside again . two Jack be boil . o' brien soothing . o'brien we will make you very comfortable . foam . a chair . a roomy box -- jack goddammit ! ( continued ) 55 56 57 27 . continued : o'brien ( tuck another $ 50 into Jack 's pocket ) Mr. Brown , my house be mortgage , twice , my wife 's parent live with we . her father be on dialysis , and even with medicare , lemme tell you , it 's a helluva struggle . one word from the boy and I will lose my job . Jack glare at the child a moment . jack he need a good whipping . o'brien ( another $ 50 into Jack 's pocket ) I really do not care what you do to he once you get there . Jack look at he . ext . driveway - night as a large elegant bate Department store van sweep under the flow cottonwood along the drive up to the two - story house . int . dine room - night the boy be sit at the end of a long formal table , eat alone , except for a hatchet - face mademoiselle at he side , do needlepoint . he 's eat he peas one by one . he have not touch he liver . or he sweet potato . he be lean on he elbow , profoundly bored . mademoiselle ( in french ) elbow off the table . ( nothing ; in french ) sit up , Eric . ( mothing ; in french ) we stomach will digest we food better if we eat some vegetable , some meat and some starch , in that order . not all the vegetable at one time -- ( continued ) 28. 57 continued : eric I hate liver . mademoiselle ( in french ) I understand nothing but french . eric I hate french . with a drink in he hand , bate come in as Mademoiselle be about to blow she stack . she settles quickly . bate sit next to Eric , whiskey at hand . Eric play with the peas on he plate . bate so , how be you ? eric okay . bate how 's school ? eric okay . bate who be you friend ? eric dunno . bate what class do you enjoy ? eric dunno . . bate how're you grade ? eric okay . bate do not they teach you to look a man in the eye when you talk to he ? eric yup . bate then why do not you ? ( continued ) 57 58 29 . continued : ( 2 ) eric because you be not my Commander in Chief . barkley put he head in the door . barkley Excuse I . Eric , you present have arrive . Eric leap to he foot , knock over he chair , run toward the door . Mademoiselle spring to she foot , outrage . mademoiselle ( in french ) not until you eat you liver ! bate ( overlap ) Eric ! Eric ignore they both , fly out of the room . bate sigh , downs he drink , int . playroom the boy burst in the door . it be a magnificent room , large and full of toy , a fort build of huge block of styrofoam , cover in bright - cover cloth and velcro , a electric train system , a space shuttle device that hang in the air , a superman hang glider suspend from the ceiling , a air hockey game , slot machine , pinball machine , computer , typewriter . and in the middle of this , a wooden pack crate , dwarf by the size and opulence of the room . Eric walk over to the box , touch it , a smile of triumph on he face . Mademoiselle appear in the doorway . mademoiselle ( in french ) Eric . come and finish you dinner . right now . eric get I a hammer . mademoiselle ¢in french ) first you will finish -- ( continued ) 58 30 . continued : eric no . mademoiselle ( in french ) I will tell you father . eric get I a hammer ! mademoiselle ( in french ) if you do not come finish you dinner right now you will not open that till tomorrow . jack voice be you crazy ! Mademoiselle jump a foot . bate appear in the doorway . bate Eric -- eric she will not help I open my present . she will not get I a hammer . mademoiselle he have not touch he liver . jack voice help ! bate blink , approach . bate what 's this ? Eric avoid he father 's eye . eric you say I could have anything in the store . jack voice would someone let I out of here ! Eric finally meet he father 's eye . silence . bate '' '' ( to Mademoiselle ) 5 get a hammer . ( continued ) 31 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) she swallow she anger and rush out . bate touch the box . bate ( louder ) can you hear I in there ? jack voice yes , sir . bate who be you ? jack the new part-time clean lady , sir . at the store . Jack Brown . bate how do this happen ? jack voice I be do my job , mind my business . you son come along and ask they to wrap I up . which they do . bate pace , avoid the boy' eye , then whirl on he furious . bate I hope you have a explanation of this . eric you say anything in the store . he be in the store . jack voice Sir -- bate she 's just come with the hammer . Mademoiselle return with the hammer , hand it to bate . eric ( take the hammer ) I get to open it . it 's my present . he pries t!- 2 néi?s’out , fold the top back with a screeching of nail . Jack stand stiffly , excelsior drip from he hair , styrofoam cling to he clothes . ( continued ) 32 . 58 continued : ( 3 ) he impale the boy with a look , put he hand on the edge of the box and jump out , angry , with himself mostly . jack what the hell , for another couple of buck I would probably do it naked . head for door . bate Sir -- jack nake , sir . bate I mean come here a minute . jack forget it . continue toward the door . Eric lob a firecracker . it explode in front of Jack , who fall flat on he face . the boy , to he side , laugh . — eric we can have lot of fun , you and I . bate I will pay you on a hourly basis . jack I would forget . the one thing I hate worse than white people be rich white people . head for the door again . 59 int . hall as Jack stride down the hall , bate beside he . bate what sort of full - time position would you be interested in , Mr. Brown ? jack " slave ' too cras7 * — — ( continued ) 33 . 59 continued : bate I be serious . Jack stop in the hall , face the whale of a man . jack I be , too . I be a newspaperman , Mr. bate . I be without a job in this town for a year because you own the paper and you do not hire black . unless they do window . and wait table . and kiss ass . ( beat , grin ) I just try it . I do not like it . - head down the hall again . bate beside he . bate I only have he for a week , every year . jack get a better lawyer . you should not have to have he that much . bate I love he , Mr. Brown . jack I do not care ! bate he want you to stay . jack he do not . he want to see if you can make I stay . it 's a power play . manipulative little bastard . bate if you be less hysterical , Mr. Brown , you might suggest that I pay you for the week , what I pay my reporter . a thousand dollar . jack ( stunne ) for babysit ? ( continued ) 59 60 34 . continued : ( 2 ) bate smile , lethal . Jack look down the hall at the kid , in exactly the same position as he father . then back at the man . jack ( continue ; stunne ) be it inherite or contagious ? bate ( smile ) come down to my office . int . bate office freestand model of the bate store with a profit / loss chart attach to each . poster chart the demographics of the area : buy power per capita per county , drive habit , gas price , advertising dollar , etc . on the wall face bate ' desk , a blowup of the region with golden tv tower indicate each of he cable network and golden thread connect they to the central and tallest tower in bate . on the wall behind the desk , life-size portrait of Fancy as the nake raja , but with a string bikini-bottom in the shape of a heart over the critical area . bate have he confederate flag stand discreetly in front of the boob . bate sink into he leather chair , wave at Jack to take the chair across from he . one look at Fancy , peek out from behind the flag , Jack avert he eye and slide over to the chair , try not to look at the painting , and at the same time , look at bate . a impossibility . bate watch he squirm a moment , then open a box of cigar , pass they over . bate I believe Eric see more of I in this one week than he see of he mother all year . jack this be not by choice ? bate this be why I be willing to pay you a thousand dollar to visit with we here . this be why I want he to have whatever he want . this will all be he someday . ( continued ) 35 . continued : Jack clear he throat , take a cigar , keep he eye on the floor . jack let 's start at fifteen hundred , work up from there . bate you be not a newspaper man , you be a crook . jack I would take five hundred and a job on the paper . bate there be not a job on the paper . jack two thousand . bate you be irritate I . Jack smile , flick the ash of he cigar in a stuben hand . bate ( continue ) that 's not a ashtray . jack and what we be talk about 's not a job . it 's a insult . bate dump the ash in the wastebasket , shove over a ashtray . bate two thousand . for which you will wipe he ass if he want you to . Jack smile . jack Three . bate two five . jack two seven . ( continued ) mo 36 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) bate two five 's my top ! jack Three . bate you play poker ? jack only for money . bate I wonder if Eric know what a bastard he 's get . Jack look he square in the eye . jack you only have he for a week . you spend three grand on a piece of jewelry for she -- ( wave at the painting ) -- and never think twice about it . but you will not spend it on you son ? Nice guy . bate be around the desk , Jack 's shirt in he fist . bate ( through clench tooth ) do not mess with I . jack two thousand five hundred would be fine . generous . wonderful ... bate drop he , head back to he desk . Jack adjust he jacket , ease out the door . 61 ext . jack house - night Angela be sit on the stoop with the rest of the block . there 's beer and rib and laughter and music . it 's not a party , it 's just night . Angela have the phone pull out onto the porch . angela you at the store ? ( more ) ( continued ) 61 62 37 . continued : angela ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) hank bate ' house ? the hank bate ' house ? ( beat ) do what ? ( beat ) Jack , be you stone , goddammit -- ( silence ) a toy ? hank bate 's toy ? int . eric' playroom Jack be in the phone booth which be a six - foot tall mickey mouse . the person use the phone sit on mickey 's knee , talk into he ear . jack ( into phone ) Mr. bate play with he wife , I be he son 's toy . Eric emerge from the closet , push a Ferrari , carry two helmet . jack ( continue ; to Eric ) how old be you ? eric nine. jack ( into phone ) he 's nine . ( sigh ) ange , Angela . ask I how much I be be pay . ( beat ) of course I be get pay . you think I would do this for fun ? ( beat ) two thousand five hundred . ( beat ) of course , dollar . what would you think , yen ? ( beat ) yeah . for one week . 63 64 38 . tight on angela she hang up , stunne . then leap in the air , arm straight up as if it be a touchdown , yell ; with great love . angela he do it ! the crazy idiot do att int . master bedroom - dressing room area Fancy bate , the blonde bombshell , be on a huge exercise machine which have the capacity to turn the body upside down , around , vibrate , massage , simultaneously . and be do so . bate come in from the hall . Fancy be whirling and vibrate . bate rai ws - lheowe w= dni thes bate I want to talk to you . Fancy . he watch a while , then turn off the machine . it slow . a ancy you get i too " machine , _then you will not let I use it . you be jealous of it . eae ee she slither out of the machine , slip into the shower , flick the skimpy leotard qver the door . tk emer ( continue _ be it about the party ? everything '' s“ arrange . — it 's go to be beautiful . : — sethe bate it 's about Eric . bate try to peek over the top of the shower door , can not quite , bring over a stool to stand on , it break under he weight , etc. , during : ( continued ) 39 . 64 continued : ' a bate he buy a black man . bate buy a black man . fancy I be not x ebd , sell then . qwesn es aware wher we sone bate I do not want you to be alarmed if you see he around the house . he what ? there 's a real live black man in this house ? bate just for a week . a crancy but why ? bate to play with , he say . to irritate we , I think . fance > bate if we refuse to be irritate , take it calmly , it will be less amusing to he . he will be more likely to exchange it for intellevision or something . Jesus . — _ — Fancy emerge , wrap in a towel , stare at he a moment , in the wreckage of she dress room . cy Heaven forbid you just tell he no . a 65 ' — 66 67 40 . int . hall the red , child - size ferrari squeal out of the playroom , into the hall . Jack , knee to he chin , helmet perch on he head , hang on for dear life , be in the passenger seat . Eric , goggle and helmet in place , be drive like a pro . jack I have a heart problem . eric we be not go very fast . it just seem like we be because we be close to the ground . skid around a corner , hit a pot palm broadside . it shatter as if hit by a bomb . on jack look back , alarmed . his head whip forward . with car fly along the hall , screeching to a halt from time to time . eric ( push open door ) my father 's library . driving , narrowly miss a statue , stop . eric ( continue ) they bedroom . driving , screeching halt , door . eric ( continue ) my playroom . driving , screeching to a halt , shove open the door . eric ( continue ) my room . driving , stop , kick open the door . ( continued ) ( > 67 68 69 70 4l . continued : eric ( continue ) Mademoiselle 's . they knock over a statue , speed around a corner on two wheel . angle on front stair as the boy and the man in the car fly around the corner at the top of the carpete stair , cut too quickly , the car roll down the carpete stair , Jack scream , Eric laugh , collide at the bottom with barkley who be wheeling a table with a cover dinner for one on it , across the front hall . food , silverware , glass fly in every direction . on barkley stunne . two shot Jack ease himself out of the car , check himself for damage . Eric be already on he foot , pull the car over . eric I do not figure you weight in the turn , that 's all . jack Jesus , Jesus , squeeze we with you hand of love . Eric hand he a cop 's cap and a ticket pad . eric it be not my fault , Officer . he -- ( point at barkley ) -- go through the yellow . barkley , who be pick up food , glass , crockery and silverware , stand , wait . eric give he a ticket . jack I ? ( continued ) 70 continued : eric write it up . reluctantly , Jack put the cap on , turn to bring out he wallet and papers . barkley I be sorry . here 's my license . jack hand over you head , up against the wall , spread them . Jack frisk he . barkley that be you dinner . jack never mind . eric you be not allow to talk to each other ! jack he 's clean , sir , no blade , no rod , no knuckle , no dope , no bottle . ( tear out ticket , hand it to barkley ) best I can do be a warning . but , pop , this be a serious warning . the street of bate be unsafe enough without bonehead like you run yellow light with dinner table and expire driver 's license . barkley yes , sir , thank you , sir , I be sorry , sir . eric ( laugh , applaud ) good ! come on . there 's more to see . 42 . barkley , who Jack , puffed up like a cop , kick the tire of the Ferrari and scowl at , the boy . 2 jack just a minute ... ( continued ) [ > 43 . continued : ( 2 ) eric what be you do ? we -- jack be you aware , sir , that you muffler be not modify correctly for street use , that you license plate be two year out of date , that you rear wheel be out of balance , that you car need a wash , that to drive with a expose rollbar be a misdemeanor , and that nobody with any class drive with brown goggle ! eric ( not amused ) get in . jack get out . a moment , then Eric decide to play . he get out , piss . eric I will have they put you back on the beat . you do not mess with I , I be Eric bate . jack you be under arrest . eric I be Eric bate ! my father will -- jack I be not arrest megabucks , Shorty , I be arrest you ! : eric my father will -- Jack collar he , look at a close door , then at arkley . barkley the coat closet . Jack jerk it open , throw the kid in , amid sheepskin and mink and sede an4 camel 's hair . slam it shut and lean dac sgainst it . scream . pounding . barkley step over the break glass and broccoli , take Jack 's hand and shake it . 71 72 44 . angle on stair as bate , wear he dinner jacket , carry a bottle of wine , come up from the wine cellar . bate what 's go on here ? . he pull the closet door open . the boy stumble out , red -face and furious and breathe hard . eric he ... ! he ... bate hold he by the shoulder , concerned . bate calm down . get ahold of yourself . what happen ? jack Sir , it be my fault , I -- eric we be just play , daddy . in the silence , Eric smile , take Jack 's hand , lead he toward the car again . int . playroom Eric be play with the air hockey puck , the game turn off . Jack be at the window , watch the company arrive for a large party downstain . jack why do you cover for I ? eric I want you to stay . jack why ? Eric shrug , study the puck . jack it do not matter that I do not want to stay ? eric daddy 's pay you ( continued ) o~ 72 continued : 45 . jack ' that be not the question . eric if you be pay enough you will stay . jack I have five friend , two turtles and a old lady . eric you old lady will not mind . jack the turtles will . eric play I a game . jack I '1l mind . eric if you win , you can go home . Jack look over . eric ( continue ) with pay . jack for the week ? eric sure . jack megabucks will not go for that . eric sure he will . jack a thousand five hundred dollar or -- ( watch ) -- two hour ? eric he will not mind . jack you do not know he very well , do you . ( continued ) 72 46 . continued : ( 2 ) eric ( stamp he foot ) I can deal with daddy ! Jack stare at he a long moment , then get up , saunter over to the other end of the air hockey table . jack I use to be pretty good . eric I be pretty good . Jack turn the game on . they whang it back and forth a minute . eric every point I get you stay another year . Jack , reacting to that , miss a block . one point . eric ( continue ) that 's one year . Big smile . in the b.g. the staff be bring in a day , a floor lamp , pillow , sheet , blanket . pajamas , toilet supplies , anything for a excuse to come in and look at the man the boy buy . Mademoiselle come over to they . mademoiselle I have bring you pajamas , soap , a towel , a washcloth , slipper , a razor , shave cream , toothbrush , toothpaste , if you will leave you clothes in the hamper , we will have they wash by morning . Jack whirl on the staff . jack be this the guide tour ? how many more be there ? mademoiselle twenty , altogether . jack then you be come in shift ? eric you serve . ( continued ) a 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 47 . continued : ( 3 ) jack ( to staff ) get out ! I '1l make the bed . just leave the stuff and get out ! they do so , in confusion . Jack , with anger in he _ eye , bring he focus to the game . on game the boy zap another goal . they eye meet . Eric 's laugh . eric two year . fast and furious play . Jack score . on counter Jack slam over a bead . on game the puck fly around , slam another point for Jack . on eric who set he mouth in a grim line . eric you be good . game faster , extend , the puck flash and ricochete . finally careen into the boy 's goal . Eric walk away , to the slot machine nearby . full Jack slam the counter over . jack get you butt back to the table , knucklehead . ( continued ) ( — - ~ 78 48. continued : eric nope . jack the game be not over . eric I be not play . jack ' Cause I be about to whip you ? ' Cause you can not stand to lose ? eric I just do not feel like play anymore , that 's all . Eric push a button , pull a handle , get a cup full of change . Plays on , seemingly indifferent . Jack walk over , lean on the machine . jack what if I tell megabucks ? eric he do not care , jack that you be a quitter ? I do not believe it . eric he do not care what I be . as long as I stay out of he way . the pathos of that , true or not , reverberate in the Mademoiselle bustles in the door , full of self-importance . mademoiselle Eric . it 's bathtime . . eric I be busy . mademoiseel come on now , the water 's ready . chop , chop . eric no . mademoiselle Eric . ( continued ) m 78 79 49 . continued : ( 2 ) eric ( play ) not without my toy . mademoiselle that 's a good boy . with you boat ? or you rubber ducky ? eric Jack . silence . mademoiselle Eric . I be go to tell you father . jack do everybody say that ? eric yeah . Jack smile , take the boy 's hand , head for the door . jack bor- ! eric ( laugh ) yeah . they walk right by Mademoiselle , out of the playroom . she follow , at a loss . int . bathroom a sink tub full of bubbles . Jack come in , Eric in tow , Mademoiselle behind they . mademoiselle not together ! not in the same water . Eric ! you be too big to bathe with another person ! Jack step into the tub , shoe on , fully clothed . Eric laugh , then climb to the other end . mademoiselle : ( continue ) Eric ! I forbid you ! ( yell ) M. bate ! vite ! vite ! M. bate !! ( continued ) 79 80 81 50 . continued : jack we all know he 's downstairs with he guest . ( unbuttone he shirt , grin at Eric ) do she do back ? Mademoiselle vanish , slamm the door . tight two Eric smile . eric I like you . Jack lean forward , pull the boy' foot out from under he , dunking he . the boy come up , spluttering and furious , slap he hand flat on the surface , cover Jack in bubbles . laugh , they fight , water and bubbles fly . int . hall soaking wet , carefully , Jack squish down the hall , try not to get everything wet , regret this day . Fancy , deck out for the party in something that hold up she breast like they be religious offering , come out of she room , look he up and down carefully . fancy do not tell I . let I guess . you be the new second floor sprinkler system . I tell they I want black pipe . jack Jack Brown , Mrs. bate . I be sorry I be get the carpet wet . we run out of dry towel . she look he up and down , a little smile on she face . fancy so . you be the toy . I would not think this sort of thing would tickle a black man . Jack , lobdk she up and down , smile . ( continued ) lm 81 82 83 84 85 5l. continued : jack amazing , be not it , what a perso n ' 1l do for money . she let out a amaze whistle . fancy God almighty , I would sure turn you in on intellevision . she readjust she leave boob , lift it a littler higher on it 's platform in she dress , brushes by he as if he be not here . on jack watch she go , he smile fade , the full extent of he humiliation clear . int . playroom as he come in , a pan of heavy cream , balanced on the door , tip over hin . int . foyer as Fancy come down the stair , the dinner guest be come in . Black tie . Long dress . the , man are_the local mover and shaker , not the blue blood , they be by and large in they fifty , they wife , by and large be much young and flashier . Fancy , see honey russell , bounce down the stair and embrace she . fancy well you be look better sugarpie , how're you feel . the girl head for the live room , away from the crowd at the front door . tight on two hugh russell , the local da lean close to bate . russell the word I get , hank , be that they be go to indict you . ( more ) ( continued ) 85 86 87 88 52 . continued : russell ( cont 'd ) ( smile , look around ) where 's the limey with the bourbon ? tight on bate react then smile . supercool . bate ( call ) barkley ! int . playroom - later Jack be lie on the day , scowling at the ceiling , dress in bright red spiderman pajamas . scowl at one oversize toy after another , hang from the ceiling , pile up against the wall , oppressive . the pinball machine , air hockey , train , slot machine , phone booth , word processor . he get to he foot , wander among it all , hand behind he back , pace . jack no , mommy I do not want intellevision , I want a nigger , Sally Ann Thompson have a nigger and she say hers play basketball . I want one that say Ho Ho Ho , fat Albert . mommy , please ? everybody in my class have a nigger , please , mommy , I want one too . include eric who slip in from the closet , to hear better . unnotice . jack ( as hank bate ) it be a great idea , perhaps one of the great marketing idea of we time , morehouse , there be a raise in this for you without a doubt . we will sell it like a barbi doll . first the basic nigger . then the outfit . football outfit . cotton-pick outfit . rock star outfit . shoot up outfit . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 89 90 91 53. continued : jack ( cont 'd ) then we will sell ve-hicle . pink cadillac . cassettes . book . learn nigger in nine easy lesson . maybe a ku klux klan disposable nigger . morehouse , I have not be this interested in life in many year . trust I on this one . it will be better for you , if I hold the patent in my name . klanwatch might fry you ass , they will not mess with I . we will saturate the South , can you imagine how this will go in Jackson , Mississippi ? right after Thanksgiving . then into the store nationwide , a week before Christmas . that 's how I sell the hula hoop . Eric knock against a toy monkey that turn over , clap . Jack look over , startle . eric you be funny . jack you find that funny ? somehow I know you would . and he walk out . int . hall the man and the boy in red pajamas walk down the hall , the boy mimick the angry stride of the man . the man yank open a door . it 's the linen closet . slam it shut , walk on , Eric yank open the linen closet , slam it shut , stride on . with jack pull open the next door with considerably less authority . int . mademoiselle's room Mademoiselle be watch tv with she little poodle in she Jan . she look over in irritation . ( continued ) 54 . 91 continued : jack I want my clothes back . mademoiselle they be still wet . jack I want they now ! mademoiselle they be in the dryer . jack I want they back ! mademoisellle tante pis. Eye to eye . Jack turn , abruptly , to Eric at he elbow . eric ( translate ) tough shit . 92 int . front stair in the red spiderman pajamas , Jack tiptoe down the stair . the kid appear on the top of the stair . eric Jack ? Jack give he the finger , continue down the stair . eric ( continue ) where you go ? jack Home . eric why ? Jack stop , look back at the boy . jack be you that dumb ? '' ~~ ( head .u. the da. 93 co 94 o5 55 . angle Fancy come out of the dining room , head across the front hall . stop and smile at Jack . fancy well , be not we full of surprise . jack I be look for the laundry room , Mrs. bate . fancy ( smile , then ) right this way , Mr. Brown . int . dine room the dining room be full of elegant people in black tie and long dress . Fancy push Jack into the room . stun silence . bate to he foot , furious , stride to they , during : fancy I just want y'all to see what hank buy he boy today . it do not even need battery . be not that sweet ? I be hope it will start a trend . do something about the awful unemployment situation . now would any of y'all like one of ‘em for you child ? I believe we take order -- bate take Fancy by one arm , Jack by the other , the astonished talk rise behind they . int . foyer - night the three emerge from the dining room . fancy Christ almighty , hank , you be such a pompous ass . can not you take a joke ? bate I do not find it remotely amusing . ( to Jack ) do you ? ( continued ) 56 . 95 continued : jack maybe remotely . if you be not you or I . fancy you be mark my arm , sugar . ' he let go , he anger as undiminished as he smile . bate I think three time a week with the pink shrink in New Orleans be enough . fancy tt tis . tom sorry . '' be , just brag on you . you use to like for I to brag on you . how be I suppose to know when you be have you period ? he grab she arm again , in a rage . bate I think you need some quiet time in the hospital . fancy let loose of I . eric let loose of my nigger . bate look up , take a deep breath , smile . bate we do not use that word in this house , Eric . Black or color person . not nigger . eric let loose of my color person . moment , then bate take Fancy by the arm and propel she into the dining room , slamm the door behind they . Jack look at the little boy at the top of the stair , arm around he leg , wait . jack so long , white person . ( continued ) 95 96 57 . continued : ( 2 ) eric come back upstairs , Jack . jack no way . eric you can not leave . jack I can . I walk out that door . simple eric in you pajamas ? jack the frog 's get my clothes . eric you will not get pay . jack you think the only thing that matter be the money ? eric you say it be , a while back . jack I be wrong . head for door . eric be I bad . Jack look back up he . almost feel sorry for he , smile . jack bad ? what you be give new meaning to the word . wink , step onto a foyer chair , hold a match under the sprinkler head . on eric start to giggle . 97 98 99 100 58. int . dine room the sprinkler system go off . over everyone . scream . Chaos . on bate continue to eat , furious , control . int . jack house - night as Jack come in , wince with every step , straight to the sink , run some water , sit on the drainboard , ease both foot in , try not to scream with the pain . Angela , work at she desk , watch this , rub she eye , shake she head , put on she glass , peer at he again . angela what be you wear ? jack my foot be bloody stump . Angela cross to he , laugh . angela and for all this year I think spiderman swing through the air on rope of spit . ( arm around he ) my God , they be bloody stump . jack my wallet 's in my pants pocket which be in the dryer in Mr. bate ' house which be halfway to Alaska . my bike 's at the store . I try hitchhike . but there be some reluctance to pick I up . she pour a bottle of antiseptic into the water . he scream . they wrap they arm around each other , tight . int . playroom - night the boy be play the Space invader machine . it make alot of noise and take alot of concentration . bate , in he soaking wet dinner clothes , open the door . the boy continue play the game . bate take a deep breath , willing himself patient , suvcx : 3sing * : _ the irritation , pasting on the smile . he shove he hand in he pocket , walk to the game machine as if he have all the time in the world . ( continued ) o— ~ 100 continued : 59 . eric I want to go back to school . bate before the end of spring vacation ? eric tonight . bate but this be my week . eric I know you would not let I . vave of anger within bate , finally , icy : bate why ? what 's happen ? do you want to come down and see what a mess you make ? eric I do not do it . bate then Jack Brown do . for you . Eric whirl on he , red face with anger . eric it 's always my fault ! well it be not my fault . it be Fancy 's ! she do not have to take he into the dining room and make everybody laugh at he ! now he 's go and he will not come back no matter how much you pay he and I do not want to stay here if he 's not here ' cause I do not have anyone to play with . to a point of hysteria . bate grab he and hold he half to restrain he half to comfort he . Eric fight like the very devil , kick and punch and finally wrenching free . he stand panting , back away from he father . ( continued ) 60 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) bate I do not like to see this tantrum , Eric . Eric stomp he foot and shriek . eric I want he back ! bate blow out a breath of exasperation , cross to the mickey mouse telephone . Eric turn it off like he turn it on . eric ( continue ) two to one you can not . bate smile . bate ten to one I can . the boy smile . bate dial mickey 's ear . 101 int . jack bedroom - later they be in each other 's arm , quiet . angela I think you do the right thing . jack I shave off my beard for nothing . angela it will grow back . he lean over she , cover she mouth with he . Long kiss . angela ( continue ) we can move . jack you love you job . angela I love you more . deep kiss . doorbell , they eye open . jack they have come for the pajamas . ( continued ) 101 102 continued : doorbell . angela ( yell ) we will send they in the morning ! , doorbell . Jack get up with great reluctance . on a pair of jeans . jack maybe they be bring back my clothes . I kind of like that jacket . only thing I own come from the bate Department store . int / ext front door - night 6l. pull Jack open the door . morehouse be there , look much the worse for the wear . the limo be park at the curb . barkley be lean on a fender , lighting he pipe . Jack look at morehouse , then start to close the door . morehouse put a hand on it , brace it open . morehouse please -- jack the boy need a shrink , Mr. morehouse , not I . morehouse I agree with you . Nonetheless -- jack Mr. morehouse , go home , the answer 's no . no , now . no. tomorrow . no , regardless of the compensation . with shaking hand morehouse draw a envelope out of he pocket , hand it to Jack . morehouse I take sleep pill , Mr. Brown , I have just drop off . I feel like bloody hell . he say if I be not willing to do what he want when he want , I could look for another job . so , once again , I be do what he want , when he want , regret it . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 103 104 62. continued : morehouse ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) the bright side of the coin be I believe I have a terminal ulcer . ( smile ) I admire you moral fiber , Mr. Brown . he head for the street . Jack look at the check in the envelope . jack Jesus . this be for the week ? or for the rest of my life ? morehouse he only have the boy for a week . jack do you make this much in a month , Mr. morehouse ? morehouse no , sir . jack and you be a vice president ? morehouse yes , sir . jack Holy Toledo . open the door wider . morehouse come back up onto the porch . jack continuin ; what mora{ fiber ? 8 ) int . playroom the boy be sit in the window , arm around he leg , bate behind he , both watch the driveway . Pov the Chrysler move stately around the tree , toward the house . Jack 's old bike be in the trunk . 105 106 107 108 109 63. int , playroom the boy turn to the father and hug hin . ext , back door at chrysler - with jack who lift he bike out of the back of the car , wheel it toward the house , past barkley , past morehouse . barkley welcome back , Mr. Brown , morehouse have a pleasant stay , Mr. Brown , jack up yours , gentleman , int . upstair hall Jack head for the playroom , int . playroom - night as Jack enter , a large pan of tapioca balance on the door , fall on he , drench he , welcome back , int , hallway - moving - day with barkley as he push the breakfast table down the hall , Eric come out of he room , barkley good morning , Eric . eric be that for Jack ? barkley yes sir . Eric stop he , lift the tablecloth , climb onto the brace between the leg , pull the tablecloth down again . eric' voice ( cheerfully ) okay . barkley sigh , push the table on . ( continued ) 64 . 109 continued : eric' voice and if you tell , I will pull the hair out of you ear . barkley knock on the playroom door . barkley Breakfast , Mr , Brown . 110 int , playroom Jack open the door . jack ( grin ) let 's hope this go better than dinner . he start to pull the table into the room . barkley , who want to warn he without alert the kid , come after the table as if he 's attach to it . Jack look at he , oddly . jack I can get it , barkley near the window , Mr , Brown ? jack anywhere , it do not matter . where 's the little monster ? Eric 's hand , unseen by Jack , slip out from under the tablecloth , to yank one of the hair on barkley 's leg . barkley move away . barkley shall I call he for you , sir ? jack good God , no . let I eat in peace . bring a chair up to the table , during : jack do not anybody see what a arrogant little bastard he 's turn into ? ( continued ) on 110 111 65 . continued : barkley I would not hazard a guess , sir . jack ( pour coffee ) I think it 's pathetic . they do not know what to do and they do not care . ( cream ) what do they leave the kid in military school all year for ? where 's the mother ? bermuda ? with he eyebrow , barkley be try to indicate that he should shut up , that the kid be under the table , jack be you all right , barkley ? barkley yes sir . if you will excuse I sir . barkley exit ; it 's the best way to get Jack to shut up . tight Jack rub he hand together in anticipation , take off the food cover . it be a magnificent feast . egg and sausage , pancake and bacon , sweet roll , toast , jam , hot cereal , strawberry , orange juice , milk , coffee -- please , he shake out he napkin , pull up to the table , take a sip of coffee . the tablecloth creep away two inch , he blink . must be imagine thing . he pour cream on he strawberry . have to follow the bowl as it move further away ... he get up , circle the table , look . nothing . bring he chair around to the other side . move he silver - ware , coffee , glass , etc . finally sit , shake out he napkin , lift he spoon to dig into the strawberry . they move away , the other way . Jack lay down he spoon , pick it up , to see if this be the key . nothing . pick up he fork , lay it down . nothing , breathes out a sigh of reiief , begin to eat . ( continued ) 111 112 ui ) 114 115 116 117 66 . continued : and the tablecloth begin to move again . and this time it do not stop . Water glass , butter ball , sweet roll , bowl of jam , the egg , pancake , syrup , sausage , milk , orange juice , one by one crash onto the floor , like lemming , over the cliff . wider angle as the last plate bite the dust , Jack yank the tablecloth off , yank the laugh little boy out from under it and drag he laugh over to the day , throw he on it face down , hold he down with one hand , whip off he belt with the other , before he can lay leather on he , though , the boy wiggle away and fell he with a karate chop . jack scramble to he foot , hopping on one foot , nursing he other shin . eric take the stance , breathe hard , still laugh , leap at he . full Jack catch he mid-air , hold he off he foot a moment , shake he hard . jack now listen to I , goddammit , if I be gonna stay here -- and get a foot in the stomach . jack crash to the floor like a tree , breath go . eric stand over the prone and gasp Jack , want to laugh , feel for the first time , a edge of sorry . : 's . eric Jack ? ( continued ) 117 118 a9 67 . continued : nothing . he touch he hand . nothing . eric ( continue ) be you dead ? jack ( with difficulty ) I hope so . full Eric take he by the foot and drag he over to the day . moment . eric you be fake it . nothing . eric ( continue ) c'mon . nothing . eric ( continue ) talk to I . nothing . eric ( continue ) open you eye . nothing . eric ( continue ) Jack ? Eric get a bowl of ice from the refrigerator , dump it on he . Jack jump three foot into the air , scream , fall into shelf of toy which crash down on top of he . Eric fall over , laugh . int . playroom - on electric train - later as it beetle arcunc " line most eirborate track know to man , complete with sandstorm , tornado , rain , snow , and finally a avalanche which derail it . as 120 121 68. on eric at a computer console at the edge of the track , programming the disaster and the reaction to the disaster . full the ambulance and fire engine and helicopter and Red Cross truck converge on the accident . Jack , bandage , come in from the hall . jack ( to someone in the hall ) thanks , pal . cross to the boy . watch a moment , then pace around the room , finally sit inthe boy size chair , in front of a word programmer . look at it a long moment . then at the boy . jack ( continue ) four more day , Eric . eric come watch this . jack what be we gonna do ? eric when ? jack for the next four day . eric play . jack I be not crazy about you game . eric then you say . jack let 's put out a newspaper . eric naw . Eric put the track back toge ..: the crain back on the track , etc . ( continued ) 121 122 69 . continued : jack I will be the editor , you be the reporter . i'11 call you scoop . Reporters be traditionally call scoop. eric ( distaste ) scoop ? jack you can take picture . you get a hasselblad you have never even take out of the box . telephoto lens , everything . eric naw . ( push button , train move again ) come watch this . jack you might even learn something , heaven forbid , something useful . eric bore . jack bore ?! this room be not boring ? all this junk be not boring ? all this people kissing you ass be not boring ? Eric look at he , blink , surprised . turn off he train . eric wanna go fishing ? dismay . jack you mean for fish ? ext . stream idyllic . Eric climb up out of a gully , outfit by abercrombie and fitch for a fishing trip , carry two fancy pole , a fishing bag , a picnic basket , a bait box , everything . 7 ( continued ) 70 . 122 continyed : Jack appear behind he , scared , look over he shoulder , bump into tree ( excuse I ) , nervous as a trap cat . eric ( look back at he ) do you have a problem ? jack why be that cricket so loud ? what 's go on ? they know something we do not know ? - eric they be not cricket . they be locust . jack oh my god. locust ?! they darken the sun . they eat everything in they path . we better go home . eric there 's not that many . come on . jack would not you rather go to a movie ? or a ball game . or a stock car race ? there might be snake in all this grass . ( sneeze ) I be allergic to snake . ( look around ) enough . right. Home . ( look into the bracken all around he ) oh , shit -- Eric have disappear . jack ( continue ; panicked ) Eric ! leap after he , on tiptoe to avoid the snake , flap he arm to ward off the locust . 123 with eric who ambush he , leaping , scream out of a tree onto he shoulder . scare the shit out of Jack . ( continued ) 123 124 : 71 . continued : jack I be have palpitation . I hope you take a cpr course . ( sneeze ) I be not go to survive this . ext . fishing boat Eric be cocked against a tree , he line in a deep cool pond , border with willow . he be watch , laugh , as Jack try to cast , get the line tangle in the tree above , jerk it , shake the tree , reel the line in and out and get it more and more tangle . eric you be hopeless . Jack turn on he , angry , then abandon both the fishing pole and he pride , sit beside the boy , open the picnic basket , leap to he foot to see what he 's sit on , nothing , sit down again , exhaust , take out a beer . jack why be dolly parton 's foot so small ? eric why ? jack nothing grow in the shade . Eric giggle , bite into he sandwich , stand he middle finger in the dirt , two adjacent finger cocked . eric what 's this ? jack I give up . eric dolly parton hide behind a tree . giggles . jack y'hear about the Polish mosquito ? eric bit dolly parton on the elbow . ( continued ) 72 . 124 continued : they giggle , helplessly together . jack we could write a anthology of dolly parton joke . eric how do you make a elephant fly ? jack we could expand it to include elephant joke . eric first you buy ten yard of zipper . jack ( laugh ) why do not elephant drink martinis ? eric ( laugh ) | have you ever try to get a olive out of you nose ? howl of laughter . jack I bet between we we know every bad joke in the world . ( a strike ) Jesus , Jesus squeeze we with you hand of love ! Eric grab the pole , it be a small fish , but he play it beautifully , professionally , reeling it in . Jack plaster against the tree , tell he what to do . Eric get the fish on land , slip the hook out , toss the fish back . Jack erupt . jack ( continue ) you throw he back ! why would you throw he back ?! eric I hate clean they . jack he be enormous . that be the biggest fish outside of the Gulf of Mexico . ( more ) ( continued ) '' 124 125 73. continued : ( 2 ) jack ( cont 'd ) that be a trophy fish . and you throw he back ? after I go to all that trouble ? how could you ? geffran' voice ( a drunken bellow ) shut_up ! Jack leap behind the nearest tree . Eric head toward the voice to investigate . feature geffran at the next wide place in the stream , some distance through the brush and wood , geffran too be fishing . and drink . mostly drink . and mutter to himself . Eric appear , then Jack . eric ( surprised ) - it 's daddy 's accountant , Mr. geffran . what be you do here , Mr. geffran ? geffran daddy 's ex-accountant . y'all scared the fish away with you holler . jack ex ? you quit ? geffran quit ? in this economy ? that a joke ? eric we be write a book of joke . geffran ( bleary ) well , here 's a good joke . I be fire because I get sweaty hand . beat . geffran ( continue ) laugh . that 's the joke . beat . ( continued ) 125 continued : 74 . geffran ( continue ) it 's absurd . it 's ridiculous . why be not you laugh ? jack sweaty hand ? geffran if you would be responsible for keep hank bate out of Federal prison , for keep the SEC , the justice Department , the Federal Trade Commission and the IRS off he tail , would not you have sweaty hand ? eric daddy fire you ? geffran give the boy a blue ribbon . eric why ? geffran ( a- roar of pain and outrage ) because I get sweaty hand ! Long silence . this be the first time Eric have see anything like this . should be . he be very unsure about what he reaction be or eric ( tentative ) it 's easy enough for a accountant to get another job . be not it ? geffran in this town ? in this county ? ( smile ) that 's another joke . jack ( gently ) move while you still can afford to . take it from someone who do not . geffran can not . I get a new house . ( more ) ( continued ) 125 126 75 . continued : ( 2 ) geffran ( cont 'd ) four daughter in brace . a wife in therapy . a new camaro . I can not even afford to get drunk on whiskey . silence . locust . it be a everyday defeat , a minor moment of sadness , but this be a first for Eric . he edge over closer to Jack and take he hand . Jack look down at he , astonished . ext . break and bracken - sunset Eric and Jack , carry they gear , head up through the rough country toward the house on the hill above . Jack panting like a furnace , give wide berth to bush over a inch tall . eric we could get even . we could tell . jack who ? God ? hey God , life 's unfair . hey Eric , tough titty . eric in we newspaper . jack we be not write a newspaper . eric we could write a expose . jack we be write a book of joke , Eric . eric we could interview Fancy and barkley and Mr. morehouse and everybody . jack about ? eric daddy . jack they would not tell we diddly squat . they be work for he . ( continued ) 126 127 128 129 76 . continued : eric you could make they . jack me? eric if you be any good . on jack resent that , he sneeze . jack then we would better integrate the dining room , shrimp . eric turn , look at he , grin . int . dine room - night the clink of silver on silver as barkley serve . bate , Fancy , Mademoiselle , Eric and Jack . Eric shake he head to the vegetable . barkley head for the kitchen . mademoiselle ( rapidly , in french , to Eric ) if you do not eat you vegetable , you will get harden of the artery before you get to junior High School . Eric sit across the table , lift a butterball on the tip of he knife and flip it through the floral center - piece at she . it splat on she forehead . bate ( a roar ) Eric ! jack hey , ease off -- bate ( furious ) I will not . ( continued ) 129 continued : 77 . jack he 's just a kid -- bate he know better -- jack that broad 's on he back all day , every day , if she would -- Mademoiselle rise , stiff and wounded . exit . mademoiselle May I be excuse , Madame ? fancy sure thing , sweetie . want a tray in you room ? mademoiselle no . it 's all right . I could not eat a thing . bate ( to Jack ) I do not want you to encourage this sort of behavior in the boy . I want -- eric he 's mine . not yours . what you want do not matter . bate it 's my check in he pocket ! jack ( smile , placate ) tomorrow we be start a paper , Mr. bate . bate now that 's better . jack he 's go to learn how to interview . then how to write a interview into a article . we will use he word processor . take some piccure . ( more ) ( continued ) 129 continued : ( 2 ) jack ( cont 'd ) use he xerox . seem a shame to have all that equipment in there and not use it . bate smile . bate splendid . wonderful . eric ( mutter to Jack ) ass kisser . bate what ? jack maybe you and Mrs. bate could tell we how you meet . ( smile , civilized ) we could sort of use you as a practice run . bate and Fancy look at each other . bate no. practice on somebody else . eric daddy -- - faek ( to Fancy ) off the record , of course . ( to bate ) for the boy . it 's a learn experience . it 's not like éverybody do not 's '' know already . bate around here , but the boy -- gun cfancy ( to batéesy be you ashamed of I ? bate fanev 7 -- ( continued ) 79 . continued : , ( 3 ) it 's just the sweetest story . I '' > '' love it . it 's exactly like have inderetta . bate ( to Jack ) off the record . give I you word . jack sure. absolutely . just for fun . bate ( give up with a smile ) go on , sugar . Jack look at Eric . Eric turn on a mini recorder in he lap underneath he napkin . gancy > well , hank be on he way home from '' Colorado , from visit numero two . she 's in a looney bin in Colorado ee cere eee Springs - bate what I be do in Colorado be irrelevant ... ancy it 's where I might be shortly . I '' think it 's reab— retevant bate I do not believe you know how to tell a story . ( to Eric ) she be a little bit of a thing , scrawny and scared and wobble around on platform sandal . ( smile at Fancy ) the newest and youngest and worst waitress in this bar outside of amarillo , near the cement plant . ( softer ) sleazy sort of rayon uniform , do not hardly cover the crotch . Little metal thing of on the tit -- propeller . ~~-~ ( continued ) 80. 129 continued : ( 4 ) bate be that what they be ? Fancy > you do not moe that ? be e ly by nite . the motif be airplane . all this time rou ou otis know oc ne er — bate ( laugh ) that goddamn hat . what be they suppose to be ? ( to Jack ) they have this kind of white thing mashed on they head -- &ancy > they we be cloud . bate they look like white cow turd . fancy > you be the one dog not know how to ( continue _ hank come through the door like _the Arc angel cabrtet_and lift give I 1 new hair_and new boob and_ a mink coat_and_a pink Chrysler and a charge card i s_and _ I swear if you elieve in prayer a you don you just peete tene oe a Te tee proof : be ee poe bate bask in it . eric what would you boob look like before ? fancy none of you business . bate common . 130 131 81 . int . office - night the light shade be tilt so the light will spill onto the painting of Fancy as the nake raja . Jack be bent over the boy who have the hasselblad on a strap around he neck , complete with flash . jack this go here . this should be on this button when you be take flash . twist this when you focus . stands aside . the boy lift the camera . jack ( continue ) and focus on she face . or you will fog up the lens . Eric giggle , continue to focus . eric move that flag . Jack round the desk , move the confederate flag . Fancy 's boob be truly munificent , excessive work of art . Eric lower the camera to see if what he 's see be correct . he and Jack exchange a astonished grin . Eric take the picture . Jack replace the flag . jack better take a pg version , Eric . we will never sell that to television . eric ( wind the camera , head for the door ) bor- . int . playroom - morning Jack , finish breakfast , turn to the door to Eric 's room . jack ( yell ) Eric ! get you ass in here ! back to the typewriter ! we only have three more day ! Eric in he spiderman pajamas , come in . a bowl of cream of wheat balanced on the door , drench he . Jack fal 's off he chair , laugh . 132 133 82. ext . mansion - day Jack and Eric be riding down the driveway on Jack 's old bike , the boy on the bar , Jack wear a snap - brimm hat with a pencil stick in the band , like Front page . the boy twist around , take the hat , put it on he own head . eric I want to be the editor . I want to call you scoop , scoop . Jack take the hat back . jack I be the one know the newspaper business . scoop . Eric take the hat back . eric quit call I scoop . Jack take the hat back . jack because you daddy own a paper do not mean you know how to write one . scoop . Eric take the hat back . eric I hate type . I be just take picture . I be flash . you be scoop . jack you be a pain in the ass . laugh , they disappear around the bend . int . SMALL house numerous black child , Ruby Dee be at the kitchen table , stuff envelope with coupon book from a box , sealing they with a sponge , put they on a outgo box . Jack be sit on the other side of the table with he tape recorder , Eric be stand by he chair , camera around he neck . ruby dee he say be you responsible for the lunch room . I say sure yes , what do you think , you know that . ( more ) ( continued ) 83 . 133 . continued : ruby dee ( cont 'd ) he say you let that black man serve . I say Mr. bate , Mr. morehouse hire he , I do not hire he , my job be to use the people he hire , not to question he choice . and he say you be fire . I be head of food service for the bate Department store for nineteen year . two more month my pension woulda take care of the kid . jack and you do not say anything ? ruby dee like what ? jack like wait a second , what be you do to my life ! Ruby Dee laugh , rich and resonant . eric can I take you picture ? ruby dee ( grin , touch she hair ) well sure , precious . 134 photo Ruby Dee , surround by she flock of child , grin , pleased . 135 ext . driveway the bike be lean on the Chrysler . the recorder on the roof . barkley be polish the chrome , avoid everybody 's eye . Eric be snap picture . barkley you be sure this be all right with Mr. bate ? jack whatever the kid want be all right with bate . you know that . ( continued ) 135 136 continued : Polishing . Polishing . ext . park 84 . eric it 's all right . barkley well . I be in the employ of Lord cavendish , a man as enamor of billiards as Mr. bate . ( beat ) they meet in a queue outside the Old Vic . ( beat ) my Lord win a herd of cattle in ' 78 from Mr. bate . one hundred register herefords . Mr. bate send they over on a 747 . ( sigh ) in '79 , Mr. bate win I . jack you ? cavendish bet you ? barkley Mr. bate insisted . my Lord want to bet the castle . Mr. bate say he do not want a eight - hunner - year old pile of rock , be the way I believe he put it . what he want be a butler . eric maybe cavendish '1l get better at pool . barkley ( smile ) please God . they be walk side by side , eat eskimo pie . eric if my father 's rotten do it mean I be gonna be rotten too ? jack probably . ( continued ) 136 continued : 85 . eric what if I do not wanna be ? Jack bump against he . Eric 's ice cream slide off he stick , down he sleeve , down he shirt , down he pants , onto he shoe . they watch it happen , then look at each other . Jack laugh . laugh , beat . jack you be hopeless . adjust yourself to that . eric ( laugh ) I do not mind . you be hopeless too . Jack take he hand . eric ( continue ) what 's Angela like ? jack '' Angela ? be this part of the same conversation ? be we talk about you father ? eric ( laugh ) tell I , Jack . jack she 's like the statue of Liberty . give I you tired , you poor , you huddle mass . love cause . love to boil with righteous : indignation . she 's what you father would call a pinko . eric do you mate a lot ? jack ' mate ? ' animal ' mate , ' Eric . eric well , screw . jack none of you goddamn business . ( continued ) 136 137 86 . continued : ( 2 ) eric what 's it like ? jack Jesus , do not anyone talk to you ? ask you dad . eric what do you do with you thing ? jack screw 's like die . when the time come , you will know what to do . during which , Jack hoist he onto he shoulder , hand he up he ice cream , walk on , a elbow cocked over the sticky sneaker . Eric let the ice cream slide off the cone , into Jack 's hair . nearly fall off he shoulder , laugh . int . playroom - day . Jack be lean over the boy 's shoulder at the desk , Eric be arrange the photo and the " article " of newsprint . Jack be rearranging they . 0 eric what '1l we call it ? jack Truth , justice and the american Way . eric and get sue by superman . jack smart-ass . what do you want to call it ? eric how about -- ( dramatic pause ) -- ball . jack advertise by frederick of Hollywood ? Eric take a photo Jack move , move it back to where he have it . ( continued ) 137 continued : 87 . eric stop move that . it belong here . it balance this and this , dumbo . jack you be right . eric Jack , the morning crew come in at midnight . jack what morning crew ? eric at the Dixie Daily . jack yeah ? so what ? eric you be dense . . jack I be color . eric we need a press , do not we ? it 's the only press in town , be not it ? Jack look at the boy slowly . jack we be go to run this off on the press at the Dixie Daily ? Eric roll he eye heavenward . eric you be go to xerox it ? jack yeah . eric we could call it half - ass . jack you do not think it will irk you father ? ( continued ) 137 138 139 88 . continued ; ( 2 ) eric it 's go to irk my father anyway . jack ( shaking he head ) negative . Zip . terrible terrible idea . eric we could call it chickenshit . beat . Jack look at he watch . jack cover you track with the frog . tell she we be camp out on the river or something . he begin put the layout in a portfolio . Eric race out of the room . ext . newspaper build - night edging alongthe shadow , Jack and Eric ( who be carry the big portfolio ) creep around the corner , to a side door . tight on door as Jack , with a elaborate jimmying tool , begin to work gingerly on the lock . Eric watch he a moment . eric be you ever a thief ? jack ( jump a foot ) shhhh . eric be you ? jack of course . it 's part of the black cultural imperative . do not you know anything ? laugh , Eric hand he the portfolio . ( continued ) 139 140 141 89 . continued : eric hold this . then Eric pull out a key , unlock the upper lock , then the lower one . eric ( continue ) if you open the lower one first eight million alarm go off . all diebolt lock be like that . they go in . int . hallway - night as they walk softly down the silent dark hall , Jack carry the portfolio , follow the kid . jack it be uncool to be smarter than the people who be try to teach you something , junior . they resent it . they turn on you when you least expect it -- int . PRESS room a maze of machinery . the man and the boy slip in the door . jack where be the light ? eric the alarm go off if you turn they on after hour . jack you be do it again . Eric pull two flashlight out of he pocket , hand one to Jack , head for the correct press . jack ( continue ) be you evor a thief ? eye '' 142 143 144 145 90 . at PRESS Jack be set the type , put in the photo , set the headline . Eric redoe it all , change it all , learn . eric we really could put out a paper scoop . Jack smile and push the button for one copy . eric ( continue ) I mean it . jack we really be put out a paper scoop . eric I mean every week . you and I . not just about daddy . about everything else that 's wrong with this city . we could charge a dime . people would buy it because it be cheap . and we could change they . and I would not have to go back to school . as the first copy , the test copy , come out of the press , Jack take it .. camera come around to see , for the first time , the second page . photo of geffran , Ruby Dee , barkley , article under each . turn it over . a banner photo of Fancy as the nake raja . and the headline : " the toy . " eric push in 1000 , start the press , turn to Jack . jack grin . hold he hand out . they slap each other 's hand . bump hip , elbow , shoulder , laugh . ext . newspaper build one black and white be park by the building . another pull up behind it . the ramrod-straight , dark - haire , mustach cop , older than the sther , be lighting a cig - avette as the othe= '' .. + cume ver ... t ( continued ) 145 146° 147 148 91 . continued : cop we have ascertain that people be within say structure . how many and how heavily armed be as yet undetermine -- int . PRESS room Jack and Eric take stack of papers over to the fold machine . set it go . new angle as the cop emerge from every direction . gun draw . cop do not move or we shoot ! Eric turn , irritate mostly , head for the cop . eric '' do not you know who I be -- Jack grab he , clap a hand over he mouth , hold he still . hold he other hand in the air in surrender . int . police book office Jack be sit in the book chair . the activity of the office be normal for 10 pm . drunk and hooker and vagrant . the cop be mostly white , the apprehend mostly black . Eric be on Jack 's knee . ignore . they be mutter to each other . jack if we call you father , he will ask they where they pick we up , clown . eric what about barkley ? jack he work for you dad . eric he hate dad. jack hate do not counc . ' paychec *s ' count . dave not you learn anything ? ( continued ) 148 149 150 151 152 153 92 . continued : eric then Angela ? jack it will take she a couple of day . plus she would want some explanation . eric I could throw a tantrum . jack this be a grow - up problem , Eric . we have to deal with it ina grow - up way . int . PRESS room the press be silent . the fold papers spill onto the floor . int . police book office pandemonium . Eric be throw a tantrum , yell bloody murder , pretend it 's a war , leaping desk to desk shoot everyone with a fire extinguisher . Jack be pull file cabinet over , block aisle and passage . eric lob a string of firecracker . full the firecracker go off in the midst of the cop . the cop , think it 's gun fire , dive for the protection of overturn desk and chair , return the fire . between the battle line , on the floor , Jack and Eric scuttle out , like Marines in the trenches . ext . bate department store - day Eric and Jack be give out papers at the ewp 's ye2 ' entrance , ( continued ) 153 154° 155 156 157 158 159 93. continued : Eric yawn broadly , then catch himself , glance worriedly at Jack who have not see he , hand a paper to a employee . eric it 's free , take it . on jack as he hand it to the toy manager , who look at the boy , Jack , then open the paper . close it quickly , turn pale , slip a ten into Jack 's hand , quickly , nervously . o'brien forget I know you . returns the paper . vanish into the building . ext . newspaper build Eric and Jack be distribute the paper to people go in . ext . tv station Jack be distribute the paper . Eric be asleep against the building . they be nearly out of papers . int . executive office area everybody 's read the paper , lean on desk , in huddle , get no work do , astonished . int . hallway morehouse , sweat , ease he tie , wiping he hand on he handkerchief , be pace up and down outside of the executive elevator . the light indicate that it be come up from the parking lot . morehouse nearly expire . the door open . bate lumber out . moving shot morehouse stride along about half a step behind bate . morehouse " Morning , Mr. bate . ( continued ) 159 160 161 162 94 . continued : bate ' Morning . morehouse Sir , this morning -- bate round the corner . int . executive office area bate stop , blink . Chaos as people try to hide the papers , get to they desk , appear to be work . bate ( to morehouse ) take they name . he stride through to he office , leave havoc behind he . int . bate ' office as bate move to he chair . morehouse uncurl the paper from under he arm . morehouse this be distribute at the employee entrance by you son and Mr. Brown . you better take a look at it . bate glance at it . stop . look through it , scowling . photo , storey , lot of exclamation mark . bate grow harder and meaner and madder by the moment . bate Eric be responsible for this ? morehouse and Jack Brown . bate I want they in my office as soon as possible . morehouse hurry out of there . ext . lake bate Jack and Eric be each in a bumper boat , each full ] throttle , head straight for each other . 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 95 . eric the boy be bent over he steering wheel , elbow cocked , a look of maniacal glee on he face . jack at the last minute , shut he eye , cover he head with he arm and scream . collision Water , boat and fly body fill the screen . full Eric 's boat , miraculously , be still upright , though half full of water . he pull Jack out of the lake , laugh . eric come to Houston with I , Jack . we would have such : fun . on jack as he collapse into the boat , spluttering , he eye on something over the boy 's shoulder . Pov over the crest of the hill behind the house , the Chrysler do ninety . jack Eric . the shit have hit the fan . int . bate ' office bate be read the paper . knock . he raise he eye to the door . morehouse open the door . Jack and Eric come in . morehouse would you have I stay or go , sir ? bate how many of this do you pass out ? ( continued ) 169 continued : 96 . eric a thousand . bate ( to morehouse ) I want every one account for . and shred . send Carter . I want you back here . morehouse yes , sir . he hurry toward the door . morehouse eric we be go to make twice as many tomorrow and sell they and pay you back and -- bate you be not . eric we be . bate Mr. Brown , I assume you know the penalty for libel ? eric there 's nothing in there everybody do not know . bate if I say it 's a lie , it 's a lie . come in , panting . eric but it 's the truth . bate ( angry ) Truth have nothing to do with reality , Eric . what you have to deal with be reality . in reality every one of this people , with a little persuasion will say whatever I tell they to say . ( smile , icy ) I be reality . ( beat ) morehouse , take off you pants . ( continued ) 169 97 . continued : ( 2 ) morehouse Sir ? bate take off you pants . right now . right this minute . morehouse right here ? bate if you value you job . this be hard for morehouse . he squirm . he review he option . he start to object . and , eventually , he drop he pants , stand uncomfortable and humiliate . bate let he stand there a long time . bate ( continue ; to Eric ) that 's reality . ( to morehouse , disgust ) get dress . morehouse pull on he pants . morehouse you ask I , sir . bate ( to Eric ) people will do anything for I . when you grow up , they will do anything for you . he look a long moment at the front of the paper then directly to Brown . bate ( cont inue ) if you work for my paper you could not write this . you would have to see thing my way . you would have to take off you pants when I tell you to . silence . bate ( continue ) you want to do that ? ( continued ) 169 continued : silence . silence . 98 . ( 3 ) bate ( continue ) you want to kiss ass ? bate ( continue ; to Eric ) I want you to want to stop this . I want you to see the value in stop this . ( smile ) I will give you black friend a real job on a real paper , write news , on the Dixie Daily . Eric look at Jack who meet he eye . Long moment . jack no . I do not like kissing ass . no , thank you . eric wait . it 's what you want . it 's what you be good at . jack kiss ass ? eric write for a paper . ( to bate ) we will stop , daddy . Jack look at the boy astonished . bate now you be learn something . ( stand , shake Jack 's hand ) welcome again to the bate family , you want to start tomorrow ? eric he 's mine till tomorrow . jack I think this mean I be fire as you toy . ( continued ) 169 170 99 . continued : ( 4 ) eric you be have a party tomorrow . there will not be anybody to play with . he can start at the paper Monday . bate smile at Jack . bate the power behind the throne . ext . bate enterprise build - day Jack and Eric turn out of the front door . Eric be walk with he hand in he pocket , like Jack usually do . Jack leap high into the air with a yell , then apologize to the startle passersby , and walk on with the boy . jack it 's call snatching triumph from the jaw of disaster . Eric walk on . Jack bounce alongside like a rubber ball . jack ( continue ) you do a really good thing in there , you know ? Eric walk on , hand shove in he pocket . Jack leap into the air again , slamm he fist against a bus standard , like a basketball player . jack ( continue ) you know what it feel like to have a job ? a real job ? it feel grrrrreat ! Eric unlock the bike , swing he leg over , pedall slowly , along the sidewalk , Jack on foot alongside . jack ( continue ) Angela 's gonna shit watermelon . eric Gross . ( continued ) 170 continued : unheard . 100 . jack let 's celebrate . where can we get a double chocolate chocolate chip haagen daz milkshake and beer under the same roof ? eric no , thanks . jack you can have the beer . eric not funny . jack Eric ? eric what be we celebrate ? jack hey -- eric Monday morning my father 's gonna tell you to take off you pants in front of the world and you be gonna do it . ( beat ) he treat people like turd , Jack , do not you read we paper , do not you hear what that people say , do not you want to kick Mr. morehouse in the nut ? ( anger in he voice , liquid eye ) headline ... Jack Brown sell out today to hank bate . as expect . jack you be the one who say we would stop ! I say no ! eric you do not mean it . you can not wait to start work Monday . Jack grab he . nearly a accident . they be on a street corner . ( continued ) 170 101 . continued : ( 2 ) jack you want I to starve ? can I pay for grocery with high -hande principle ? it 's fine for you , grow up , to believe in truth and justice and the american way , but once you be grow up you play grow - up game . eric you could have come to Houston with I . jack ( angry ) as you shoeshine boy ? eric as my friend ! the old vw bus with the klanwatch logo on the side lurch around the corner to park in the red . Angela leap out . angela Jack ! embrace . jack angel. meet Eric bate . my friend Eric bate . Angela grab Eric by the arm , shake he . angela you be the one ? what give you the idea that you can buy people ! you spoiled little -- Jack pull she off . jack cool it , he -- angela someone need to give he a paddle , people have rights and dignity and if you -- jack ease off . ( continued ) 102 . 170 continued : ( 3 ) she look at he , finally hearing , dumbfounded . angela ease off ?! jack it 's okay . angela it 's okay what he 's do to you ? jack he get I a job , ange , write news for the Dixie Daily . start Monday , Angela look from one to the other . jack ( continue ) nobody 's happy . except I . angela we be picketing he house tomorrow . eric you be what ? angela ( to Jack ) his daddy 's have a fundraiser for the klan 's youth camp . ' silence . angela ( continue ; grin , kiss Jack ) I will bring you a sign . she hop back in she bus . 171 ext . the bike - moving shot as Jack , with the kid on the bar , pedal through downtown bate . Eric steer , Jack pedal , he hand in he pocket . eric what 's the klan ? ( continued ) 171 172 173 continued : 103 . jack a new tv series . the family 's name klutz . the oldest boy 's name be klu . the father die . klu be leave with the klan : five handsome , square - jaw , narrow - hipped brother , two bosomy liquid -ey sister who sing country - western . it 's like the duke of hazzard . they drive around the South in a truck pick up trash . avenge vacuum cleaner . eric they hate black . jack and Jews and Catholic and quaker and Communists and punk rocker . they hate almost everybody . eric they kill black . jack why do you ask if you already know ? eric be you gonna picket ? jack I usually do . eric but you will not tomorrow , right ? " Cause if you do , daddy will fire you and nothing be more important than you goddamn job . right ? tight on jack stung , furious , silence , int . playroom - night Jack be stretch out on the day , hand behind he head , glaring at the ceiling , Eric be bacx on the slot machine . a ' ( continued ) 104 . 173 continued : jack I never claim to be Martin luther King . Machine . jack ( continue ) I be not a world - class nigger . the machine hit the jackpot . money spew into the cup , then onto the floor . Eric just look at it awhile , then shove he hand into he pocket , walk over to the day - bed , sit on the floor , lean back against the day , play the rubic 's cube . eric when I be little I have this friend . we would play at school and after school and weekend and he would beat up people for I . and he would spit at girl and let the air out of teacher 's tire and flood the rest room . jack somebody worthy of you . eric I tell mama about he and she send I to a shrink . he say I be too old to have imaginary friend . Jack take the rubic 's cube , adjust it , hand it back . jack shrink piss on the world . eric grownup piss on the world . jack now wait a minute . you get my phone number . you can call I when you come back next year . I be not imaginary , Eric . eric yeah , you be . the Jack Brown I know be a world - class nigger . silence . the betrayal , the disappointment , the pain of it clear . Jack move he hand ove ~ and '' ay it ou the boy 's head . a mute apology . 174 175 105 . int . fancy'' room - day bate be pace , snort , furious , dress in he elegant best . Fancy be in she minimum at the makeup table , do a number on she face . the newspaper be on the edge of the table under she chiffon negligee . fancy do you like this new metallic eyeshadow , sugar , or do it look like hookercity ? bate I be lose my son . fancy what ? bate Jack Brown 's take my son away from I . fancy Big deal . bate Fancy . fancy well fire he , darling , if he bother you . bate I give he a job on the paper . she sigh , prettily , use the powder puff . fancy Men be so mysterious . bate it 's the best way to bring he to heel . to shut he up . Fancy blink she big eye at he . fancy hank , you prostate . bate mop he forehead with she negligee , notice the paper , wad it up , hurl it into the basket . ext . garden - day the back garden of the house be terrace down the slope to the river . ( continued ) 175 176 106 . continued : many different level , each decorate with bunt . at the bottom , the juilliard string quartet be play under a tent , with a dance floor . on another level a table full of information on the klan 's youth Corps . sign-up and pledge . the cadillac and mercedesis be simply park in the pasture next to the garden . the woman hike up they chiffon , walk through the cocklebur and goat head . the garden itself shimmer with elegance . two hundred people neisman 's dress . livery waiter . Buffet table that be work of art . everything in red , white and blue . the string quartet break off abruptly , mid-mozart . they swing into dixie . on french door at the top of the garden , lead out of the house . the governor come out . he shake hand with bate . he be yet another good old boy with a ready smile , a beer belly and lethal slitty eye . his wife , like Fancy , be very young , very decorative , very plastic . bate Governor . I be real glad you could make it . governor what charity you raise money for today , hank ? bate you remember Fancy ? she wiggle up to he , thoroughly distracting he . governor ( kiss she ) sure do . I know Fancy before you know Fancy , hank . bate now wait a second . governor ( laugh ) when she be a little bitty thing in amarillo . I love the propeller on she bosom . ( continued ) 107 . 176 continued : bate you know they be propeller , then ? I will be damned ! governor ( laugh , pull he wife forward ) now , hank , I believe you have know charlene just about forever . bate kiss she . bate still on penicillin , sugar ? charlene for the peace of mind it bring I , darlin’ . governor be it the City of hope ? bate pull a innocuous little man into the group , wave at the photographer . bate take a picture with the Governor , Sam . the Governor put he arm around the man , smile , flash . bate pull the man away . move close to the Governor . bate ( continue ) you know who that be , Governor ? governor look familiar . a friend of yours ? bate Grand wizard of the klu klux klan . the Governor 's face turn ashen . governor this party be for he ? bate ( smile ) only way I could get he here . and get a picture of he with you . ( continued ) 176 177 178 179 180 181 108 . continued : ( 2 ) the Governor stare at bate . governor what do you want ? bate ( smile ) I be in a little difficulty with the justice Department . at bar barkley serve two drink on a silver tray to a silver - haire gentleman . barkley bourbon and branch water , sir . a roar of engine split the air . the silver- haire man jump a foot . barkley catch the drink mid-air , replace they in the silver tray . full Eric , dress as the roadrunner , riding the motorcycle , pursue by Jack dress as wily coyote , drive the red Ferrari , he knee to he chin , hunch over the wheel . they streak through the party . the chiffon lady and the three - piece suite man be far too well breed to be astonished . they return to they bourbon and branch as if nothing be happen . on bate turn inward and lethal in he anger . on governor as Jack in the Ferrari zoom by . the Governor spill he drink jump out of the way . on jack who grin back at he , the toothy asinine smile of coyote . 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 109 . on fancy with a group of lady at the pledge table as Eric , on the motorcycle , leap over , miss , smashes onto the table , the brochure and check and moneybox fly everywhere . eric beep , beep ! blast off again . fancy Eric , dammit ! new angle as the Ferrari plow through the mess , scatter the woman as well as finish off the fundraising . on jack and eric grin at each other . Eric rear back on he motorcycle as bate approach , steaming . eric beep , beep ! full they dodge around bate , first Eric , then Jack , despite he yell at they . various angle as Jack chase Eric around the food table , between the increasingly disturb guest , jump down terrace , bounce down step , across the dance floor , in and out of the string quartet . bate about to explode . from bate ' shoulder in the pasture , between the mercedesis , the old vw bus pull up . black with picket sign disgorge . 189 190 197 192 193 110 . on bate react , then collar morehouse . bate dance . morehouse look around , frazzle . take the first young honey he can reach , start to dance . at dance floor bate stride across , in a rage . bate play . they do so , in rhythm to morehouse and the honey . at bar bate barely pause . barkley hand he a drink . bate call the cop , barkley . with bate follow by barkley . they nearly be upon Eric and Jack when they zoom off again . bate turn on he heel and follow . as do barkley . barkley they be on they way , sir , do you want they to take all the black , sir ? bate of course . barkley include mister Brown , sir ? I tell they just the black with sign , sir , on the theory that it would be less obtrusive . bate right . you be quite right , barkley . 194 195 il on picketer Angela be organize , encourage , sweet and powerful . angela be sure they see you sign . we be not go to get rowdy . Jimmy , do not flip anyone a boner . he flip she one . they all laugh , move toward the gate . angela ( continue ) we be not here to kill anyone , just to embarrass , to disrupt , to focus attention -- parking Jack bring the Ferrari to a skid halt . Angela come over to he . angela Jesus , you look silly . jack so do you . she laugh . angela get you ass out of that , Jack ! grab a sign . the motorbike roar through the car , Eric skid to a halt , lift the laser gun , zap he . Jack fly out of the Ferrari , do a terrific death scene as the picket team watch , in ' patent disbelief . eric ( yell ) Angela ! hil in he death rattle , Jack draw a hide pistol and fire at the boy . Eric look around . Jack fire again . then blow down the barrel of the gun . Eric do a magnifi - cently overact death scene . finally he too be quivering and silent . jack <b ( to Eric ) you be overact , squirrel . ( continued ) 195 196 197 198 199 200 112 . continued : angela Jack will you stop this foolishness ! bate be come . Eric and Jack remount they vehicle . angela ( continue ) I will not be there when you get home . Eric zoom away . jack he look at the boy , turn to Angela , grin he coyote grin , revs the engine , knee at he chin . jack yeah , you will . and take off after the boy . moving shot Eric on the motorbike , beep - beep on a slalom course through the buffet table . then over the edge , down onto the next level . jack with he coyote grin , pursue , clipping one table after another , knock each one over , like domino . then work the next level . full shot the party be a shamble . siren split the air . the police surround the protestor in the parking lot . on eric lean forward , gather speed , grin . eric beep , be ! 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 113 . full Eric blast off a ramped jump , intend to land in the lake , undershoot it , landing instead on the tent over the string quartet , which collapse into the lake . tight the string quartet scramble out of there . barkley feel he pulse . fancy stunne . fancy I believe I be ready for the black experience . guest head for they car , for the house , to get out , civilized but quickly . on bate leave a crowd of people , storm toward the garage , the ground shaking beneath he foot . jack leap into the sink mess in the river . cable and canvas and mangle motorcycle , underneath which be the child . angela' voice ( yell ) Jack , dammit ! on angela as she be escort into the police van , handcuff , look back at Jack , betrayed . 209 210 211 212 213 214 114 . on jack pull the kid out of the mess of canvas and guy wire and motorcycle . scoops he into he arm , sloshes toward the shore , carry the boy . tight Eric open he eye , manage a grin . jack beep , beep . eric Super genius wiley coyote . hug he , tight . on garage hank bate , he smile lethal behind the wheel , roar out of the garage in Fancy 's pink Chrysler convertible , top down . full shot the wreck garden . the last of the guest , leave . Jack carry the boy up from the lake . the pink Chrysler hurtle off the top level of the terrace , bate bent over the wheel , grin , bear down on they . jack and eric stunne . jack Holy Toledo . Eric leap out of Jack 's arm , run for the Ferrari . at ferrari Eric jump in at the control . eric hurry ! Jack lift he hand in surrender tow*rd the oncoming bate . ( continued ) 214 215 216 217 218 219 220 115 . continued : jack better Red then dead . Eric grab the wet coyote tail and yank . Jack fall into the passenger seat , Eric gun it . the Ferrari spin out of there , leave deep track in the turf , scorching the bush with its exhaust . various angle , the garden as the Chrysler pursue the Ferrari , outmaneuvering it , gain on it . bate hunch over the wheel , grin . tight on jack he turn , alarmed . jack step on it , eric ! Pov bate be breathe down they tailpipe . full at the last possible second , where the obvious way be to the right , Eric turn leave , yanking the Ferrari in a steep skid , then blast out of the garden , disappear around the corner of the house . on bate who can not react in time , end up stalling under a lush fushia bush . swat the lovely flower out of he face as he start the car up again , back it out , shove it again in gear . ext . break as Eric and Jack bounce over one particularly bad hump , Jack fly out of the car entirely , hang onto the roll bar with one hand . Eric never slow down . Jack pull himself back into the car more out of the feaz of what will happen to he if he 1+t < go , - hai bravery . of N 221 222 223 224 225 226 227 116 . new angle the Chrysler fly over the ridge in front of they , bear down on they . at the last possible second , Eric skid , stripping the paint off both car , scare the shit out of Jack . jack what be you try to do , kill the kid ?! bate you ! I be try to kill youl ! tight on jack sink into he seat . jack oh. new angle the Ferrari disappear into the wood near the fishing pond . moment , then the Chrysler follow . angle at pond they hide the Ferrari , more or less , under some brush , duck behind a tree . the sound of the Chrysler approach . jack be about to sneeze . Eric cover he mouth , he nose , punch he in the stomach . Jack sneeze anyway . on bate hearing the sneeze , he jerk the steering wheel in that direction . it come off in he hand . full shot the Chrysler without a steering wheel , hit a stump and take to the air , end over end , then landing , bate first , in the pond . the splash displace most of the water . rarr o~ 228 229 230 231 232 117 . with jack and eric who run to the edge as man and car disappear under the surface . bubbles . jack how deep be it ? eric ( grin ) plenty . Jack look outrage at the boy , then dive in . badly . the coyote costume splaying out behind he , the tail the last to go under . on eric astonished . - on pond as Jack haul bate out of the pond , bate be cover with mud and virtually unconscious . Jack be gasp for breath . edge Jack dump the whale of a man on dry land . bate be cough , and gasp . Jack wring out he tail . Eric be stiff with anger . eric why would you do that ? Jack look at bate , then at Eric . jack ( laugh ) I do not know . Jack throw he back . bate come to the surface , sputtering and furious . int . playroom - night Jack be pack . Eric be nowhere to be see . the door burst open , bate be there , a bottle in one hand , a glass in the other , drunk . ( continul . > 232 118 . continued : bate why the hell do you call it the naacp if you do not want to be call ' color people ' ? if you wanna be call ' black ' why do not you call it the naab ? ( stumble toward Jack , through a jungle of toy ) that would not be right either . you be not black . you be the color of dry manure . he chortle , lift he chin , look at Jack blearily , challengingly . Jack continue to pack . jack or old whiskey . bate blink . he lean on a rock horse to consider that . it rock away from he . he fall -- not spilling a drop from either he glass or the bottle . he struggle up , glare at the horse , decide to get on , can not without hand . Falls over the other side . Jack pick he up . jack ( continue ) want I to call barkley , Mr. bate ? you want to go back to you room ? bate you woman spend a fortune on straighten they hair . we woman a fortune on frizze . your bleach they skin . our tan theirs . I wanna be young , you do not want to be call ' Boy . " I spend a mint buy that kid everything he heart desire and he turn on I . ( lean against Jack , wipe he eye on Jack 's shirt , then blow he nose ) nothing make sense , Jack . Jack wipe he shirt off on bate . jack so let 's share a joint . bate pull himself shakily together . ( continued ) 232 — ~ Tor continued : ( 2 ) bate a apartment ? with you ? good God , why ? Jack laugh steer he to the day where bate collapse , knock the suitcase to the floor . bate ( continue ) sorry . jack no sweat . he begin to repack . bate pour two glass , hand Jack one . bate drink with I . Jack smile , lift he glass . jack to the mystery of life . I can not stand you . and I would give my leave ball to be you . bate smile , drink . bate you get the love of my son . I would give my leave ball for that . jack ( shrug ) keep he here . spend some time with he . make time to spend with he , bate you read that paper . he think I be some kind of a monster . jack well be not you ? bate drink . bate I hire Ruby Dee back . I have not realize . ( continued , 232 233 234 120 . continued : ( 3 ) jack bullshit . bate I do . and geffran . Jack look at he , amaze , pour the man another drink . jack you get the ball to give a party for the goddam klu klux klan so as to get leverage with the Governor and you be scared of you own son ? come on , Mr. bate , get you act together . bate it 's together . I just forget where I leave it . Jack roll he eye at the ceiling , return to pack . bate shake with amusement , pour two more drink , splash a good deal into the suitcase . bate ( continue ) you know , you be all right . for a color boy . jack you be all right yourself . for a honkey bastard . laugh , they raise they glass to each other . bate by the way . you be fire . jack no shit . and dolly parton sleep on she back . ext . bate mansion - night Jack , on he bike , come around the corner , suitcase strapped on the back , head down the driveway . int . playroom - night the boy be sit in the darkness , in the windowseat , watch he go . 235 236 237 238 121 . jack shoulder Jack see the boy in the window , wave . the boy wave back . ext . slum STREET - night Jack pedal around the corner into the racket of street life , music and yelling and bottle breaking . ext . / int . house Jack pull the bike with the suitcase on it , onto the porch . int . jack house Jack wheel he bike in . and stop . Angela be finish she pack . the place be denude . what she have not be able to pack she have stuff in a garbage pail in the middle of the room .. Rolling up the Monet , she glare at Jack . angela bate ' toy . I would not have believe it if I have not have see it . jack the boy need a friend , Angela . angela and it do not matter that I need you ? racially , politically and personally . I need you . jack not like he do . angela it be the most negative kind of a statement you could make , Jack , you completely destroy my eredibility in the black leadership around here . but you do not care . you be have fun , you -- jack ( interrupt ) symington say the trouble with the clown run this country be that they spend so much time listen to the roll of drum , they could not hear the cry of a hild . ent ( continued ) 238 239 240 241 242 121a . continued : angela he do not mean a child like that , dumbass ! a rich , arrogant , spoiled , vicious -- jack he 's still a child , Angie . angela then why be you here ? if you be join at the hip . jack I get fire . she stare at he , stunne . angela and you still do not get it ? he 's the enemy , Jack . she lift she bag , head for the door . jack Angela . I love you . she continue toward the door . angela happy trail , uncle Tom . and exit . tight on jack sink against the wall , defeat , fight it . ext . freeway - day the Chrysler limousine slide under the sign ... bate International Airport ... ahead . int . chrysler Eric , he face swollen from cry , wear he military school uniform , be scrunch in the corner of the back seat . bate , smile , be sit calmly beside he . bate Eric , I want you to understand something . ( more ) ( continued ) 242 continued : sine a. 122. bate ( cont 'd ) every oil well I drill , every cable system I buy , every store I open , be for you . ( smile ) you personally will control South Central Louisiana when you grow up . eric Big deal . bate it be a big deal . eric Jack say life 's about people , not about power . bate I be not interested in what Jack say . eric Jack say it 's about be together and be friend . bate do you hear what I say , Eric ? eric Jack say you do not have any friend . Jack say you know two kind of people . one that owe you and one you owe . bate I do not want to lose my temper . eric Jack say all you love be play pool and make deal and politics and whiskey . bate be that a crime ? Eric glare out the window , eye swim . eric well . you have a kid . ( continued ) 242 243 244 245 246 247 123. continued : ( 2 ) bate what about Africa this summer . there 's no need for you to go to camp again . we could go to Africa . just the two of we . photograph animal . you be good at photography . silence . eric I hate you . silence . ext . airport - day the limo park near a lear with the step down . the pilot come over . barkley open the trunk , take out the boy 's small suitcase . new angle as the Pilot shake hand with bate . pilot Mr. bate . the storm seem to be move Southwest . we will pass well to the east without a problem . ( grin at Eric ) well , sport , ready for school ? eric turn on he heel and run . full the boy sprint toward the main terminal , cut across runway . the three man look after he in confusion , then start after he , on foot , get halfway across the tarmak before they realize they will never catch he , turn and run back to the car and the plane . moving shot - eric run and run and run . his breath come harder , toss a lock behind he , then turn on the speed , run toward the main terminal . 248 249 250 251 252 124 . moving shot - limo as it skid around in a circle , then scream out of the private airfield . ext . airport the limo dodge and dart in and out of the clogge traffic . Way ahead , the boy get in the back of a cab and slam the door . the cab pull into the traffic . int . limo in snarl traffic . bate open a elegant , small leather phone book from he vest pocket . pick up the phone . dial . bate Mr. Brown . hank bate , here . the boy , uh , Eric have run away . I suppose he 's come to you . I would appreciate it if you would keep he there for I . I will be there in a minute . ext . slum STREET the cab pull up . Jack , barehead , be pace back and forth in front of the building , angry . the boy get out . eric can you pay he ? TI do not have any money . Jack lean into the cab , pay , then turn to the boy in a fury . jack " run away ' ? what 's this shit about ' run away ' ? : eric I want to stay with you . Jack look at he in dismay . around the corner wheel the limo . new angle as the limo pull u. a stop , varsley get out , open the bick door . bate step out . ( continued ) 252 253 125 . continued : bate Eric -- eric no ! Jack pull the boy out from where he be hide behind he . he drag he , kick and scream to the car , during : jack he 's you father , you gotta live with that , you gotta deal with that , you gotta quit hide behind I ! open the car door , throw he in . jack ( cont inue ) I be sick of the batese , father and son . sick of you . you be nothing but trouble . I do not want to see either one of you ever again ! ( to bate ) understand ? ( to Eric ) understand ?! bate shake he hand . bate thank you . int . limo - moving shot as it drive slowly through the slum street , full of litter and black in doorway . bate you see . ( beat ) you just think he be you friend . ( beat ) I be the one who 's really you friend . the limo roll to a stop at a stop sign . Eric grab the handle of the door , yank it open , jiump out . 254 255 , 256 257 258 126 . eric be nearly hit as a lowrider skid around the corner . Eric dodge it , onto the sidewalk , tumble around people , vaulting over garbage can , crash through , sprinting through . full as Eric barrel down the street toward Jack , bate step out of the car . ( yell , meaning it ) no ! Eric skid to a stop . tight on eric he face streak with tear and anger and confusion . he look back to he father . bate stop in he track , a half a block away . bate I love you ! full the boy look back and forth , one to the other , then finally scream at he father . eric be it true ? that I will have the store and the oil and the tv station and everything ? bate it 's true . eric and more power than the Ayatollah ? bate nearly . ( contynued ) 258 259 260 261 262 263 264 127 . continued : eric enough so 's I can make anyone around here do anything I want ? bate absolutely . eric then. drop. your. pant . daddy . High noon city . bate profoundly embarrassed , but be - fusing to look the liar in front of he kid , unbuckle he pants and drop they . he wear boxer short , print with the lacoste alligator . eric smile in triumph , turn on he heel and walk toward Jack . full as the kid approach , Jack unsnap he jeans and drop they around he ankle . the boy stop , angry , look back at he father , who lift he shoulder . then at he black friend , who lift he . tight on eric who unbuckle he uniform belt , drop he pants . on crowd murmure , bewilder , confuse , amused , applaud . angle in STREET the three of they , arm around each other 's waist , head for the limo , take mincing little step , they pants around they ankle , laugh . on barkley who cover he eye . ye 265 full as the three mince toward the limo , the crowd , one by one , begin to drop its pants . pull back . the end 128.