the change - up written by jon Lucas &amp ; Scott Moore July 31 , 2009 OPEN on : peaceful black stillness then we hear a baby scream bloody murder . then a second baby join in , even more shrill than the first . finally , we hear the worst two word a parent can ever hear : groggy woman' voice ( o.s. ) you turn . groggy man' voice ( o.s. ) fuck . int . suburban house -- night dave lockwood , 30 , bleary - eye father of three , shuffles through he well - appoint suburban home , pass a grandfather clock read 3:45 . he stumble over a toy giraffe -- it squeak , and Dave sleepily mumble : dave sorry hank . int . nursery -- night his eye half - open , Dave change the diaper of he very cute , very insane nine month old daughter , sarah , who scream and pitch about she change table . dave please don 't -- honey , that 's not -- maybe if you -- she snatch a tin of baby powder and swing it about like a mace , knock over the diaper caddy , the wipe , the lotion -- and disperse a cloud of white powder all over the nursery . blind and sneezing , Dave manage to stay on point and change the diaper like Van damme at the end of bloodsport . dave ( cont 'd ) can n't-see ...must ... persevere ... he finish change Sarah , place she back in she crib , then pick up Sarah 's twin brother , peter , from he crib -- which be good because he 's be slamming he head against the wall . dave ( cont 'd ) come on , buddy , we have talk about the head thing -- Dave place Peter on the change table and open he diaper . it 's only wet , and Dave , pleasantly relieved , reach for a fresh diaper ... 2 . only Sarah have knock the caddy all the way down the change table ... holding down Peter with he leave hand , Dave fully extend , lean waaay over , reach for the diaper caddy ... it 's just out of reach .. .he somehow stretch further ... it 's only when Dave glance back that he realize that he head be now perfectly line up with he son 's quivering anus . dave ( cont 'd ) oh no . the baby butt -hole erupt with mustardy projectile stool , blast Dave in the eye , nose and open mouth . Dave remain freeze , excrement drip down he face -- but , like a true dad , he do not let go of he squirming child ... int . hallway -- night Dave stagger down the hall , he hair white with baby powder , he face cover in poo , and a twin in each arm scream into each of he ear . he soldier on , stoic , a unsung hero in he time ... int . kitchen -- night juggling the twin in he arm , Dave wipe he face off with paper towel and prepare two baby bottle -- nipple , filter , defrost breastmilk -- while the baby take turn kick he in the ball and scream . dave please , sweetheart , not my -- honey , daddy need that -- int . den -- night Dave sit on he couch and position the scream , squirming twin across he lap in a X pattern , plunk the bottle into they mouth -- and instantly the twin settle down and slurp away like perfect little angel . Dave exhales . whew . then he reach for the remote control and turn on the tv . a old rerun of Magnum , p.i. be play . Dave watch , exhaust and expressionless . 3. on screen , Tom selleck , resplendent in mustache , corduroy short short , and Hawaiian shirt , teach a nubile CO - ed in a scandalous bikini how to snorkel in beautiful sun- drench waikiki . they be laugh and have a blast ... Dave watch , detach ... then he face start to change ... magnum , p.i. be this the life you always dream of ? Dave shake he head , no , despair in he eye ... on tv , the co -ed nod , yes , and hungrily kiss Magnum ... Dave watch on with genuine existential long ... and soon a tear fall from he eye . and then another . dave take I with you Magnum P. I ... before long Dave be crying like a schoolgirl . dave ( cont 'd ) please take I with you ... CUT to : man' voice ( v.0 . ) how be the kid ? dave ( v.0 . ) terrific ! just terrific . we be now int . steel , kuhbach , mccloud -- law firm -- morning Dave , in a conservative suit and clutching a massive coffee , hurry down the hall with flemming steel III , 50' , stiff , humorless waspy partner of this white shoe law firm . flemming steel III Children be such a joy . dave be not they ? yes . always . ( to pass secretary ) good morning , Rebecca . flemming steel III any word on the amalgamate merger ? 4. dave all but sign . flemming steel III and just in time for you partner review no less . dave ( smiling ) really ? I have not notice . flemming steel III I look forward to have you antic sense of humor in the partner ' suite , lockwood . it can get a touch dry up there . dave thank you , sir . flemming steel III ( be : Dave 's necktie knot ) but a double windsor ? come on , son , this be not the dog track . dave no sir , absolutely not . so sorry . Dave quickly undoe he tie as flemming turn down a hallway . sabrina mcardle , cute young paralegal , fall into step with Dave , stymiee laughter . sabrina mcardle really ? the dog track ? dave last week he tell I my shoe be " dangerously italian . " sabrina mcardle ( laugh , hand he doc ) amalgamate signing statement . dave thanks , sabrina . sabrina mcardle have a good one ... she smile and breeze back down the hallway . Dave stop and watch she go , lust in he eye . 5 . then he hear tsk - tsk - tsk . he look over at he mean old secretary , gladys , 71 , sit at she desk . gladys for shame , Mr. lockwood ! for shame ! you be a marry man ! dave I have no idea what you be talk about , gladys ... reddening , he snatch a huge pile of pink message slip and hurry towards he office . she follow he , scolding : gladys with child . dave yes , thank you , I almost forget about they for like two second ... int . dave' office -- continuous Dave enter he modest office ; he phone be ringing . gladys the only thing that harlot need to put in she mouth be a sandwich . dave gladys , I be a grow man , okay ? he angrily punch " speaker " on he ringing phone as he rety he tie with a more traditional knot . dave ( cont 'd ) lockwood . a shrill , horribly impersonate british accent fill Dave 's office -- as well as all of the surround office . voice on phone yes , my douchebag exploded this morning and i'd like to sue --! as gladys and various CO - worker turn , shocked , Dave quickly fumble for the receiver and take the call off speaker . dave Jesus , Mitch , I be at work -- 6 . voice on phone who' mitch ?! this be miss eliza haversham and I am the victim of a faulty bag of douche ! dave dude , how stone be you ? intercut with : mitch planko , 30 , shirtless , dodger hat backwards , sit on a futon in he sparse white apartment , smoking a bong shape like a shotgun . beat . he drop the horrible accent : mitch I be pretty stone . dave come on , it 's 10 in the morning . mitch dude , guess what ? great news . dave what ? mitch I find a futon on the street . dave that be great news . mitch I sort of have to fight a bum for it -- be that bad ? dave kind of . be there a reason you be call or --? mitch be you gonna bitch out on tonight ? you be , be not you . Dave , half - listen , sit at he desk and answer email . mitch ( cont 'd ) dodger - Giants , dude ! we have not miss one of this in like 20 year ! do not be a vajeen ! dave dude , I be come -- 7. mitch you always do this ! you never make time for you friend anymore and I be sorry to be the one to tell you this , but people be start to talk . feeling be get hurt . dave really ? whose feeling ? mitch not mine , because , like a samurai , I have train myself to feel nothing except revenge and honor , but other people -- nameless , other , more sensitive people -- be hurt , and they think you need to treasure you friendship a little bit more . ( exhaling massive bong rip ) how concerned should I be that my new futon smell like death ? dave ( distract , type ) look , just , what time be you pick I up tonight ? mitch if you bail I will rape you . dave dude , I get it , I be come -- mitch in you eye . I will eye-rape you . repeatedly -- just then there 's a knock on Mitch 's apartment door . voice at he door ( v.0 . ) Mitch ? mitch shit . Mitch start wave away the pot smoke . mitch ( cont 'd ) gotta go , pick you up at six --! 8. stay with mitch as he quickly click off he iphone , jam he bong under the futon , open the window , and try to blow the pot smoke out of he apartment with quick little puff . mitch ( cont 'd ) one sec , dad ! the smoke clear and Mitch jog to the door and open it to reveal he father , mitch , sr. , 60' , friendly , in a suit , hold a pile of mail . mitch , sr . hey , buddy ! you mailbox be spilling over . mitch oh thanks , I always forget . they hug , and Mitch take the mail and , without look at it , chuck it onto a huge pile of old mail in the corner . mitch , sr . be you smoking marijuana in here ? mitch no ! honestly , it 's my new futon , it smell like illegal drug . mitch , sr . we have talk about this , Mitch . smoke you grass on the balcony , okay ? it 's just hard for I to tell the other tenant they can not smoke in they unit when my own son be blaze away in he , you know ? mitch you get it , dad . mitch , sr . oh hey , I see you commercial on channel 9 again last night ... mitch which one ? " give gonorrhea the Boot " or " samir 's Pet shack we low low price be snake-sational ? " mitch , sr . samir 's Pet shack . it 's just a shame you can not see you face in that giant ape costume . 9 . mitch actually , the real shame be that samir pay I in fuck organic bird seed , but whatever ... he glare at several crate of bird seed by the door . mitch , sr . well , you mother would have like it . she always love animal ... ( awkward moment ) anyway . I be just in the neighborhood , want to check in . how you do , cash - wise ? mitch I be a little tight , actually , pop . especially vis a vis , you know , the whole bird seed situation . mitch , sr . five hundred ? mitch can you make it a grand ? Mitch 's dad smile to hide he disappointment and hand he 30 - year-old son a roll of hundred dollar bill . mitch , sr . you think any more about come to work for I ? mitch yeeeah ... I be not really sure I be a " work " guy , you know what I mean ? plus , I have be get a ton of audition recently , so ... mitch , sr . okay , well , my door be always open . mitch thanks , pop . Bones . Mitch , sr. smile and awkwardly bump he son 's fist . mitch ( cont 'd ) batting cage next weekend ? mitch , sr . great ! see you then . 10 . Mitch , sr. smile sadly and exit . Mitch burp and reach for he bong , have notice none of he father 's distress ... dissolve to : ext . dave' house -- brentwood -- evening establishing shot of Dave 's beautiful colonial home . huge oak tree shade the lush front lawn . New audi and BMW station wagon sit in the driveway . we hear water splashing ... int . dave' house -- bathroom -- evening the twin sit in the bath , motionless , anticipatory ... dave ( v.0 . ) . and then the baby - eating monster emerge from the deep raawwwwr . Dave rise up from beside the tub , arm upraise , soap sud cover he face ! the twin scream and splash , ecstatic ! Dave try not to laugh , but he 's have too much fun ... behind Dave , he sweet daughter cara , 5 , sit on the close toilet lid in a ballet tutu , read she butterfly book . cara daddy daddy , which be you favorite butterfly , the Southern monarch or the many-spotted skipperl ? Dave glance at the book as he wash the twin . dave oh , I be a many - spot skipperl man all the way . the Southern monarch be just a glorify moth . cara ( very serious ) yes . I tend to agree ... Dave smile . then he handsome wife jamie , 30' , blow into the bathroom in a suit and start remove she makeup . jamie what a day . Dr. klein lose the twin immunization record , the wireless go down , and Cara get bully in ballet class again . 11 . cara nicolette Peters keep knock I over during the battement glisse . dave oh , I be sorry , sugar-bug ... Dave look genuinely concerned . Cara just shrug and keep read she butterfly book . Jamie whisper to he : jamie we need to remind she to keep strive for verbal resolution . dave right , of course . Jamie finally notice Dave 's foam - cover face , and soften . jamie and how be you day , monster man ? before Dave can answer , the doorbell ring , ding -dong ! they exchange the weary smile of parent who never see each other . jamie ( cont 'd ) he 's early . dave of course he 's early . all he do all day be eat hummus and masturbate . CUT to : the front door open to reveal mitch in shade , fedora , and a dodger jersey . Jamie , hold Cara , let he in . mitch whatup bitch ! jamie ( laughing ) really ? he take Cara and playfully -- and incredibly recklessly -- flip she in the air . mitch how 's my favorite ballerina ?! 12 . cara I be good ! be you come to my recital on Thursday ?! mitch oh no , honey , the only style of dance I support be exotic ... he plunk she on the floor and blow into dave' amazing kitchen replete with granite counter top , build - in appliance , fresh flower , and bowl teeming with fruit . Mitch beeline for the subzero fridge and open it : it 's stock . his eye alight . mitch Jesus Christ you could feed Africa with this fridge ... as Jamie start prepping a salad across the kitchen , Mitch raid the fridge , pack he cargo pants with kid 's snack , bagel , yogurt , juice box , everything . mitch ( cont 'd ) this leftover from morton' ? jamie oh no , hon , that be super old -- too late -- Mitch be already eat the very old steak . mitch chimichurri . score . as Mitch chew , he eye Jamie chopping vegetable . mitch ( cont 'd ) you look hot by the way , jame . Jamie laugh but clearly do not mind the flirtation . jamie thanks ... sort of ...? mitch no really . I never would have guess twin . jamie annnd that 's probably enough -- 13 . mitch be Dave still meeting you need sexually ? Jamie just laugh , shaking she head , unbelievable . mitch ( cont 'd ) oh , do I tell you I run into miss hickam last week at Starbucks ? jamie we old kindergarten teacher ?! mitch yeah . she always like Dave better than I ... jamie honey , everyone like Dave better than you . mitch Fair enough . anyway , I try to get she number , but she go " I do not date former student , " so I go , " great , do you fuck former student ? " and then she call I a " potty -mouth degenerate " and run out without she coffee . so I get a free venti macchiato , which be cool - dave ( o.s. ) bath , change and in they pis . Mitch turn to see Dave in khakis and a buttondown , enter the kitchen with the freshly bath twin . Mitch grin : mitch awww ! come to uncle Mitch ... Dave hand the twin to Mitch , and they coo , impishly cute . mitch ( cont 'd ) oh my God , they smell like heaven have sex with a dryer sheet . ( loudly to baby ) hi ! what' you name ?! which one be you ?! ( they just gurgle ) why can not they talk yet ? be they retarded or something ? 14 . jamie ( laughing ) what ?! no ! they be fine ! mitch really ? the one on the leave look a little downsy . ( jamie gasp ) kidding ! kidding . ( aside , to Dave ) a little bit though , right ? ignoring he , Dave fasten the twin into they bouncy seat . dave I will be back right after the game , okay , pumpkin ? jamie whenever . have fun . mitch see you , jame ! jamie always a pleasure , Mitch . Mitch steal three pear and some tulip as he exit ... CUT to : two beer popping OPEN on the bottle cap -opener mount on Mitch 's dashboard ... int . mitch car -- evening Mitch offer Dave one of ( he own ) beer as they speed along in he fiero . Dave be reluctant . dave yeah , I be good . mitch really ? you be go to make I drink alone ? dave yeah , well , you be drive , so ... Mitch shrug and slide the spare beer into he chest pocket . 15 . mitch oh , dude : great news . dave you find another futon ? mitch that 's awesome , because I be make of emotional teflon and word can not hurt I anymore . no : I audition for a major movie role yesterday . dave Nice . what movie ? mitch it 's call busted dream 4 . it 's about a renegade coroner who read mind name Jake action . it 's like a sexy mentalist . dave sound cool . mitch yeah , I read for the part of Steve action , Jake 's troubled young brother with a secret , and I fuck kill it . I cry like five time during the audition and it 's a fuck action movie . plus I be the spitting image of the dude who play Jake action , so ... dave I hope you get it , man . mitch yeah , it could be my rage bull . plus I would get to kill a lot of woman , which be cool . ( offer he a joint ) hotbox ? dave no , man , I get a big day tomorrow , I can not get waste tonight . smash CUT to : two shot glass slamming down Mitch and Dave , shit -face , shake off they shot , b-r-r -r . 16 . int . big wang sport bar -- night the guy sit in this crowded sport bar , watch the dodger game on a huge tv . when clayton kershaw strike out fred lewis to win the game , the guy drunkenly slap five : dave mitch dave mitch Change - up -- fuck he 's good ! dave he 's no Fernando . mitch of course not . Fernando be like the highlander . there can be only one . dave ( toast he beer ) to fernando ! mitch fer --fucking --nando ! they sloppily drink -- when Dave suddenly remember : dave oh ! so finish you story ! the girl call you up ...? mitch right ! so she call I up , it 's like 3 in the morning -- dave what 's she name ? mitch tatiana . dave incredible . what 's she last name ? Mitch just look at he . 17 . mitch tatiana calls-me-at-3-in- the - Morning - and-want -to-fuck-stein , what the fuck , who care ? dave be she hot ? she be , right ? oh my God I already have a boner ! mitch ( disturbed ) maybe we should do this later ... dave no ! keep go ! I need this storey , man ! they be all I have . Mitch register the desperation in he marry friend 's eye . mitch okay , well , you be in luck , because tatiana be stupid fuck hot . beautiful face , leg a mile long , perfect ass , blonde hair , and huuuge boob . dave oh my God how big ? mitch double E. dave oh my God she sound like sabrina . mitch who 's sabrina ? dave this hot paralegal in my office . mitch be she on you Cancer list ? dave what 's a Cancer list ? mitch do not all marry dude have a Cancer list ? no ? like the first three chick you would bang if you wife suddenly die of cancer ? 18 . dave that 's sick , man . Jamie be the mother of my child ... ( disgust ) but yes , if I have a Cancer list , sabrina would be the first on it . mitch who 's number two ? fergie --? dave just finish you story , man ! I be die over here ! mitch Fine . so tatiana 's pack double e's , which mean like 20 plus pound of breastmeat -- yeah , it 's almost too much for one man to handle . thank God I be the son of a butcher and have strong hand and wrist . anyway , she walk in wear this tight black dress , and you know what she say to I ? Dave shake he head , on the edge of he bar stool . mitch ( cont 'd ) nothing . because all tatiana want to do at 3 in the morning be fucky fucky rubber ducky ! Dave drunkenly slap he ten , barely make hand - contact . mitch ( cont 'd ) and look , I be not one to kiss and tell ... ( down another shot ) but this chick be insatiable . she want it in every position : missionary , wheelbarrow , reverse wheelbarrow , assassin - - dave I do not even know what that be ! mitch no one do ! it get so intense that my nose start bleed . yeah , so I be bleed all over this chick and she 's fuck digging it . ( more ) 19 . mitch ( cont 'd ) it 's like some weird dracula Anne Rice shit , and I be fade in and out of consciousness , and then , when it 's all over , she turn to I and go : " Tuesday night I be come back and we be really go to fuck . " Dave just stare at he , glassy - eye , drunk , emotional . dave that be maybe the single great story I have ever hear in my life . mitch ah , it 's not always like that ... dave I do not know why ... I do not know why I have always be in such a rush , you know ? mitch what ( burrrrp ) do you mean ? dave you remember I in high school , I be always so focuss on get into a good college , then when I get to college , I be so focuss on get into a good law school , then in law school I be just try to land a job at a good firm , then Jamie and I get marry and we have Cara right away -- I just feel like and I miss out on all the fun stuff , you know ? the sex , the drug , the bad choice , and now it 's too late . I blow it . I piss away my 20' , and now I be stare down the barrel a seriously boring life . mitch oh come on , Jamie be hot ! dave no , I know -- mitch I really want to have sex with she ! 20 . dave wait , what ? mitch and you kid be adorable ! they be like fun little puppy that talk ! the bill come . Dave pull out a wad of cash , throw it on the table , and stumble for the door . Mitch lift one of Dave 's twenty off the table and follow he out ... ext . sportsbar -- continuous they stumble down the dark Hollywood street together ... dave do not get I wrong , I love my kid , I do , I would take a bullet for they , but ... remember that heroin addict you date ? mitch tara ? or rena ? or Rachel ? dave Jesus , how many heroin addict have you date ? mitch it 's a national scourge , dude . dave anyway . have kid be like dating a heroin addict , only instead of dating they , they move into you house for 18 year . they be laugh one second and cry the next and then they be try to kill themselves in you bathroom for no reason . they be mean and selfish and they burn through all you money and they steal you shit and they break everything and they stay up all night and they listen to really shitty music and the dirty secret be , no one actually like kid . mitch oh come on , you do not mean that -- 21 . dave no ! it 's true . everyone pretend to like kid because if you do not you look like a huge dick . it 's like Drew barrymore or jazz . no one actually like they , but if you say that out loud , everybody hate you . mitch dude , I love Drew barrymore -- have you see boy on the side ? they weave across a large plaza , stumbling for Mitch 's car . dave I be just say : do not fuck up you life like I do , okay ? mitch what be you talk about ? you have get it all ! you have get a huge house full of food and furniture -- shit , you tv be bigger than my car ! you have a great job , you make a shit - ton of money , and people respect you , man ! my last job involved a ape costume -- do you know what that do to a man ? Dave wave he off , not really hearing he . but Mitch be sincere , heartfelt : mitch ( cont 'd ) plus you have get a hot , extremely fuckable wife who cook and clean and take care of all you need ! it 's like have a really hot mom who you can also have sex with ! dave wait , what --? mitch also you be never lonely , you always have someone to talk to about you day , plus you get to do all the fun gay couple stuff like go to wine country ! you think single guy can go to wine country ?! no way ! they will not even let we in ! you be live the dream , dude ! what more do you want ?! 22 . dave tatiana ! I want tatiana ! I want sex with strange new woman and maybe also with sabrina if she 's single and I want to wake up at noon and smoke weed all afternoon and I want to not think about the need of four other people 24 hour a day and I want to start read a novel and actually finish it and I want to take a solid shit because I be not constantly stress out and I want to learn how to rollerblade and also I really want to pee ... mitch yeah , I too ... they look around the plaza , and they eye land on the huge fountain in the middle ; a greek goddess sit atop it . mitch ( cont 'd ) Fountain ? dave bingo . they stumble over to the fountain , unzip they pants , and , lean on each other , begin pee into it . Mitch glance up at the greek goddess metis . she scowl down at they . mitch this chick do not look happy . dave maybe she have three kid and a job she hate . mitch dude , enough already . dave I be just say ... I envy you life . mitch and that 's what 's so fuck , because I envy yours . dave yeah you do not -- mitch I do ! 23 . dave no , I do --! mitch dave I wish I have you life ! I wish I have you life ! they be about to say " jinx " when -- boom ! a thunder clap crash and all over los angele the electrical grid start shutting down , neighborhood by neighborhood ! soon the entire city be pitch black ... back in the darkened plaza Dave and Mitch freeze , terrify , hugging . . . and pee ... mitch ummmmm ...? then all the light in the city flicker back to life ... dave r-rolling blackout ? mitch I guess ...? they continue pee , a little freak out . dave you really have nice flow by the way . very thick and confident . mitch thank you . your be very steamy . dave thank you . my urologist say I run a little warm . eventually they both finish , tuck in , and zip up . beat . dave ( cont 'd ) you good to drive ? mitch now I be . 24 . as they stumble off towards Mitch 's fiero , hold on the statue of metis , the shape-shift Greek goddess of wisdom ... it almost look like she 's smile ... dissolve to : int . dave' bedroom -- morning it 's a beautiful sunny Los Angeles morning . the silhouette of a body lie in Dave 's bed , snoring away . then we hear the twins crying follow by what be unequivocally Mitch 's patter -- and he family -friendly language : mitch whose fuck baby be that ...? a hand emerge and fumble on the night stand . mitch ( cont 'd ) and where the fuck be my bong ? he groggily rise from the sheet -- only it 's not Mitch . it 's Dave . his body , he face , everything . yup , you get it : the single auy and the marry guy have switch body . we will refer to they by they " brain name , " thus while this hungover dude definitely look like Dave , inside he 's Mitch , so that 's what we will call he . the actor , of course , will remain in they body . Mitch do not know any of this yet . mitch ( cont 'd ) why be there so many fuck pillow ...? he roll over to see Jamie , sit up in bed , pull she breast out of she tank top , get ready to nurse the twin . Mitch launch out of bed , suddenly very awake . mitch ( cont 'd ) whoa ! whoa ! what the fuck , jame ?! she start breast - feed the baby , confuse . jamie what ? what 's you problem ? Mitch shield he eye with he hand , shocked and disgust . 25 . mitch oh my god that be so gross ! put you tit away ! this be not Europe ! jamie what be you talk about ? Mitch finally notice he 's in dave' bedroom ... mitch wait : why be I in ...? do I sleep here last night ?! jamie um , yeah ? mitch do we ...?! panicked , he thrust he fist like , have sex ?! jamie be you insane ? mitch so why the hell do I wake up in you bed ?! jamie be you still drunk ? mitch look , just , where 's Dave ?! jamie what ? mitch where 's fuck Dave ?! jamie Dave be right here ! you be Dave ! he turn and see himself in the mirror . freezes . he be Dave . mitch oh my God ... oh my God ... he slowly touch he new face ... 26 . mitch ( cont 'd ) I be a fuck tool . CUT to : int . mitch apartment -- morning a body lie sprawle on Mitch 's futon , out cold . insane pounding on the door shatter the silence . mitch ( o.s. ) OPEN the goddamn door immediately ! the body sit up , groggy and confuse -- it be , of course , Dave in Mitch 's body . while he look like Mitch , he move , talk , and even shuffles to the door exactly like Dave ... dave Mitch ...? mitch ( o.s. ) Fucking open the fuck door ! Dave stop , notice that he 's in Mitch 's empty apartment . dave why be I in you sad apartment -- mitch ( o.s. ) the door , dude ! open the door ! dave Fine , Jesus , relax -- Dave open the door to see himself stand there . dave ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be this ...? Dave backpedal , terrify , as Mitch blow inside , furious . mitch I know it ! dave ( freaking out ) who the hell be you ?! and why do you look like I ?! Mitch angle Dave over to the mirror on the otherwise barren wall - and Dave see he 's in Mitch 's body ... stun , he slowly touch he new face ... he new hair . . .his new body ... 27 . dave ( cont 'd ) oh my God ... mitch I know , dude . dave I be a fuck loser ... mitch wait , what ? Dave spin , completely awake now : dave how the fuck do this happen ?! mitch how should I know ?! have this ever happen to you before ?! dave what , switch body with another human be ?! oh yeah , this shit happen to I like twice a week ! mitch well ... I do not want to be you ! dave oh , you do not want to be I ?! no , no , no : I do not want to be you ! mitch what 's that suppose to mean ?! dave look , let 's just .. . think . how could this have possibly happen ...? they pace about the apartment , try to think ... then : mitch bingo . get it . we be dream . Dave grab Mitch 's nipple and twist it hard . mitch ( cont 'd ) ow ow ow , fuck ! dave not dream . 28 . mitch first of all , you be a penis . second of all -- dave wait , what would you just say ? mitch I call you a penis and -- dave ( run out the door ) come on ! CUT to : int . dave' audi station wagon -- morning Dave speed through morning traffic in he audi station wagon , lean on the horn . Mitch sit shotgun , confuse . dave remember last night when we peed into that fountain ?! as we peed , we wish we have each other 's life ! mitch ( remembering ) oh fuck . dave we wish must have ... somehow ... come true . mitch I think wish come true when you throw a coin into a fountain ... dave well apparently urine work too . mitch that 's bullshit ! I would have wish for something way cooler ! ext . hollywood boulevard -- morning unable to find a parking spot , Mitch and Dave double - park on Hollywood boulevard , hop out , and sprint for the plaza ... mitch what be we gonna do when we get to the fountain ?! 29 . dave we be gonna hug each other and pee into the fountain and wish we life back ! mitch that might sound really gay ! both man race around the corner onto the plaza and stop cold : the fountain be gone a department of park crew be clean up the site where it once sit . Mitch and Dave be blow away . dave you have got to be kidding I ! they hurry up to the crew foreman . mitch Excuse I ! where be the fountain ?! foreman it 's get restore . dave where do you take it ?! foreman I do not know , chief , I be not the fountain spokesman , I be just the guy that fill the fuck hole . dave who could tell we where it be ?! foreman maybe the district manager ? CUT to : a desk placard reading " district manager carla nelson " District manager carla nelson sit behind she desk in she bland office , she face the model of bureaucratic ennui . district manager carla nelson it 's not in the computer . opposite she , Dave and Mitch pull they hair out , insane . 30 . mitch well of course it 's not --! dave when will it be in the computer ?! district manager carla nelson you could try call tomorrow . dave tomorrow ?! we can not wait until tomorrow , carla ! mitch how can you lose a fountain ?. district manager carla nelson ( beat , deadpan ) it 's not in the computer . Mitch lunge for carla , but Dave grab he and wrestle he out of the office . mitch you be everything that be wrong with the world --! dave we will call you tomorrow ! thank you ! ext . department of park build -- day Dave and Mitch exit the Department of Parks building and pace on the sunny sidewalk , they hand on they head , stunne . mitch this be so fuck ... dave we should just go home and lock the door and -- Mitch 's phone ring in Dave 's pocket . Dave hesitates , then answer it , fruitlessly try to sound like Mitch : dave ( cont 'd ) this be fuck Mitch ? mitch I do not talk like that , dude -- dave okay ... okay ... great ... thank you . 31 . Dave click off . mitch who be that ? dave marty Green , the producer of busted dream 4 . apparently the guy they cast for Steve action od would last night , and the back - up actor get deport , so , alphabetically , you be the next actor on the list . you get the part , man . Mitch cover he mouth like he just win american idol . mitch oh my God ! oh my God ! dream really do come true --! ( realizing ) wait , no , this suck ! I be stick in you fat dad - body ! I can not play Steve action look like this ! dave ( remember , stunne ) oh my God : and I have get my close today . mitch what , be that like a big deal ? dave a big --?! yeah ! whether or not I make partner be riding on this ! mitch so what the hell be we gonna do ? panicked silence . then Mitch look at Dave ... dave no. no . we can not just be each other for a day , Mitch ! you have no idea how to be a lawyer ! mitch dude , I be a actor , a human chameleon , I can do lawyer in my fuck sleep ! it 's you I be worried about : you can not act for shit ! 32 . dave first of all , it 's busted dream 4 , okay ? it 's not the reader . second of all , I be a wasp , I have spend my entire life act happy and no one have ever question my performance , okay ?! they look at each other , cool off a bit ... dave ( cont 'd ) be ... be we actually consider do this ...? mitch I mean , we have to ... right ? both man look highly anxious . Dave glance at the time . dave all right , well , my meeting start in 45 minute . you need to race home , get dress , then go to my office and find my secretary gladys - mitch she sound hot , be she hot ? dave no . get the merger doc from gladys and take they to the conference room . all the partner will be there so do not speak to anyone . mitch really ? because I can vamp -- dave no ! no vamp ! and once the meeting start , you will continue to say nothing . when a partner ask you for the merger document , you will silently hand they over , okay ? mitch dude , I get it . play it big , but maintain my reality -- 33. dave no ! play it small . really small . I have spend the last nine month bang out the term of this deal , all you have to do be hand over the document . that 's it . mitch dude , that 's easy as fuck . okay , for I , go home , put on some cool clothes , and get to set -- all the info be on my phone . once you be there , go to Hair &amp ; makeup and memorize you line and try not to be a total douche to everyone , okay ? this be the film industry . everyone be really cool . they look at each other , very doubtful that this will work ... mitch ( cont 'd ) I be trust you , dude ... dave I be trust you , too ... mitch power hug . they hug tight then release . dave oh hey , you also need to pick up Cara from ballet at 4 , okay ? mitch ( head for the car ) I be so fuck all over that shit . off of Dave 's deeply unsettle look , we CUT to : int . steel , kuhbach , mccloud -- law firm -- morning Mitch blow into Dave 's stodgy law firm look like a lawyer -- from a Ralph lauren ad : he sport a pink buttondown , red suspender , a blue crest blazer , khakis , no sock , black and white wingtip , and slicked - back hair . he also affect a preposterous patrician accent like John Kerry or any white guy on a black sitcom . 34 . mitch good morning , one and all ! what a fabulous day to be a corporate attorney ! his co - worker look at he like he 's fuck nut . falling into step with he be gladys , he mean old secretary . gladys what in God 's name be you wear ? mitch Holy dick , be you gladys ? you be a lynx . gladys w- what be a lynx ? mitch a white - haire cougar . you really should dress sexier , though . the whole angry prison nurse thing be a huge mistake . gladys gasp and jam some document into he hand . gladys here be you merger document ! good day to you ! she storm off . Mitch call after she : mitch hey , where 's my meeting at ? she angrily point at a conference room as she stalk off . int . conference room -- moment later the conference room be full of executive from kinkabe technologies and amalgamated industries , as well as several well - heele lawyer . they chat amiably until mitch enter in he ridiculous outfit . the room go silent , but Mitch 's confidence remain sky-high : mitch what up , white people ?! Republican Party in the house , be I right ?! come on , let 's get start ! 35 . everyone look a bit confuse by this nobody tell they what to do , but nonetheless , they begin take they seat . Mitch go around , introduce himself . mitch ( cont 'd ) Dave lockwood , thanks for come ! Dave lockwood , I do all the work ! Dave lockwood -san , konichi-wa ! ( to the room ) anyone need anything ? mimosa , spicy tuna roll ? no ? we be good ? all right , guy , take it away ! Mitch take one of the last open seat -- at the head of the conference table . it 's clearly in he boss 's seat . flemming steel III hover awkwardly . flemming steel III yes , well , thank you , Dave ...? ( clear he throat ) we be gather here today to codify the marriage of two bold industry leader , kinkabe Technologies and amalgamate industry . Mitch start applauding . other .. .hesitantly . . . join in . mitch fuck yeah ! amalgamate industry ! finally , even flemming clap as well , uncomfortable . flemming steel III b- before we sign on the proverbial bottom line , be there any outstanding question or concern that we might address ? ask now or forever hold you peace ... pleasant chuckle in the room . then the japanese - american ceo of kinkabe Technologies , ken kinkabe , 60' , raise he hand . ceo ken kinkabe we just want to make sure that the debt-to-projected-amortization ratios have not change give the recent market fluctuation . everyone turn to Mitch . who 's not listen . he 's draw picture of boob on a yellow legal pad . 36 . flemming steel III Dave ? Mitch look up , see everyone look at he . mitch right , my bad -- think that 's he cue , he slide flemming the document . flemming steel III no , Dave . Mr. kinkabe have a question about the DPA ratios . Deer in headlight . mitch okay ? flemming steel III well ? how be they ? mitch g-good ? flemming steel III good ? mitch bad ? bad ! they be fuck terrible . flemming steel III Dave ! mitch look , everything 's cool , let 's just sign this fuck thing and go party ! we be all rich , who care ?! Mr. kinkabe angrily jab he finger at the incredibly short ceo of amalgamate industry , ted norton , 60' . ceo ken kinkabe I know it ! you be never serious about this merger ! ceo ted norton spare I , Ken , you be just try to inflate you share price ! ceo ken kinkabe this merger be over ! I will see you in court ! 37 . ceo ted norton not if we see you first , you prick ! the exec furiously race out of the conference room , all of they reach for they cell phone . War have be declare . the lawyer hurry after the client , fruitlessly try to coax they back to the table . Mitch frown , oo , and tiptoe for the exit .. .until flemming steel III grab he arm , furious . flemming steel III right now you need to give I one reason not to fire you . Mitch stammer , oh shit . mitch relax , dude ... this - this be all part of my master plan . flemming steel III it be . mitch yes ! check it out : if we drag this out ... we make more money , right ? do not we ? of course we do ! and then we can bill the fuck out of they ! some of they do not even speak - ah the engrish so goo , you know what I be say ? flemming steel III that 's you plan . mitch yes ...? be it ...? it 's not a very good plan , be it . flemming steel III Son , what you have just say to I be highly illegal . you could go to jail for a very long time just for suggest it ... mitch ( sweat ) we be lawyer ! we be above the law ! 38 . flemming steel III I must say , I have never see this side of you before , lockwood . I always think you be on the straight and narrow ... mitch fuck that , ese . I be straight up gangster all the way through . flemming eye he , determine he fate . Mitch can not breathe . flemming steel III Fine , I will roll the dice with you but if word of this get out , I will throw you under the bus so darn fast you will not know what hit you . now go put on some proper clothes . you look like Joe pesci . flemming steel III hurry off . Mitch exhales , holy shit ... dissolve to : ext . van nuy -- ranch house -- day Dave nervously pull up to a ranch house in the fiero , read the address off he iphone . several crew truck be park out front , and PA 's with headsets loiter about . Dave get out wear a irone buttondown shirt tuck into khakis . he self - consciously untuck half he shirt , try to look " cooler , " as he approach a nearby p.a. dave yo , Mitch planko be here . where the fuck be Hair &amp ; makeup ? p.a. ( pointing ) um , trailer 3 .. ? dave that 's so real . Dave stiffly walk off as the p.a. eye he , weird out . int . hair &amp ; makeup trailer -- day Dave , now in leather pants , the top four button of he shirt undone , sit in the makeup chair , get he hair style . he study the script , confuse . then a p.a. hurry in . 39 . p.a. I be here to take you to set . be there anything I can get you ? vitamin water , pelegrino ? dave no thanks . hey , what do it mean when it say t.s. , or b.t.s .? p.a. titty shot and bounce titty shot . ( to headset ) Steve action be come to set . Dave , alarmed , follow the p.a. out and through the low budget set they have take over this valley ranch house ; cable , light and sound equipment run everywhere . dave wait ! w- what kind of movie be this ?! p.a. it 's a lorno . dave I - I be not familiar with that genre . p.a. lorno ? Light porno ? tit &amp ; shadow ? you ever hear of skinemax ? dave oh no . they arrive in a ornate bedroom bedeck with camera , grip equipment -- and thousand of light candle . the p.a. unbutton Dave 's shirt even further and start smear he chest and face with crisco oil . just then , the fat bald director , valtan -- just valtan -- from some ethnically cleanse balkan state , 50' , blow in . valtan more oil ! make he shiny like fish ! 40 . dave Excuse I , be you in charge here ? I think there 's be some sort of mistake -- valtan mona ! where mona ?! and then mona -- aging actress with fake boob -- teeter in wear a flimsy nightgown and six inch heel . mona I be here ! valtan okay guy , here scene : Mitch , you enter with gun -- where gun ?! a p.a. run in with a huge machine gun with rocket launcher attachment and give it to Dave , who take it limply ... valtan ( cont 'd ) Guard try to stop you , line - line - line , knock he the fuck out , you see mona asleep in bed , you wake she up and start fuck time , okay ? Dave stammer , he head spin . mona what 's my motivation ? valtan you motivation ? you motivation be show big tit to business traveler in hotel room too scared to order real porno , okay ? ( block the scene ) okay , here shot list : start makeout here , nightgown fall , close - up of titty , candle burn , bounce titty close - up , moan , fake sex - in - mouth obscure by hair , more candle , fake backdoor sex obscure by blow curtain , more candle , she buttock , he buttock , wind blow out candle and finito , okay ? mona it 's like a poem . 41 . valtan I know , baby , I crush this shit big time . let 's lock it up ! P. A. lock it up ! as the crew bustle about , mona turn to a shell - shocked Dave . mona you wanna bump ? mona snort a fingernail of coke into she nose . dave a bump --? of drug ? mona you be cute . but if you try to actually fuck I I will set you dick on fire with one of this fuck candle , y'understand I ? dave be this actually happen ? mona pound away on my upper thigh all you want , that 's what it 's there for , okay ? and no , you can not pay I to give you a real BJ , I do not do that shit anymore . Dave 's mouth open , but nothing come out . a p.a. guide he out of the room . he 's still in a trance ... valtan annnnd action : Dave stand there , freeze . behind the camera , valtan gesture , go ! Dave stumble into the bedroom , hold the huge machine gun like , well , like a corporate lawyer . a blow -dried goon appear with a gun . blow -dried goon no entry ! Dave look around at the bright light , the camera , the crew watch he -- and he freeze up . the goon try again : blowdried goon I say : no entry ! 42 . then Dave see a p.a. wave at he , hold up a huge board with he line write on they . shield he eye from the light , Dave read he line , monotone : dave if you let I do not in ... do not let I in ... if you do not let I in , paco , I will fuck you dead . that do not sound right . if you do not let I Taco - - be he name paco or Taco ? you penmanship be illegible -- valtan fuck it , we fix in post ! just knock out guard , wake up girl , and make fuck time ! keep roll ! p.a. still roll ! Dave very effeminately " karate chop " the goon in the neck once , and the guy dramatically throw himself against the wall and drop , unconscious . then Dave cross and pretend to suddenly see mona in the bed . his act be atrocious . dave oh my goodness it be lola my long lose lover lola who ... I love . her. valtan more sexy ! too stiff ! annnd mona wake up , surprised ! mona , not much of a better actor than Dave , wake up -- and scream deafeningly , like some 1950 's horror queen . dave ( covering ear ) holy shit -- mona Steve action ?! you perfect bastard ! valtan and now kiss she like savage ! Dave , totally gross out by she , very reluctantly lean in for the kiss . just before they lip meet , he pull away . dave I be sorry ! I can not ! 43. valtan CUT ! CUT . ( beyond pissed ) what the fuck , man ?! she ready for first class trip to fuck town ! dave look , I can not , I be marry . valtan no no no , Steve action throw wife off cliff in last scene . dave no , I mean , I , in real life . I be marry . valtan so be I ! mona my wife ! yeah , how stupid be that shit , man ?! now go fake - fuck my wife before owner of house come back from ski vacation to find film crew in master bedroom ! Dave just stand there , hopelessly out of place ... match CUT to : mitch looking equally out of place stand in the back of a auditorium as on stage , two dozen 5 year old girl in tutus prance about , rehearse a ballet . the teacher , mrs . kleinman , fruitlessly try to direct they . camera find cara onstage , twirling around -- until a bigger girl , nicolette peter , knock she over . Mrs. kleinman turn to see Cara splay out on the ground , try not to cry . ballet teacher oh Cara , do try to stay on you toe ! let 's start again ... in the audience , Mitch straighten : what be that ...? int . dave' audi station wagon -- day Mitch drive Cara home from ballet . she sit shotgun in she tutu , look small and sad . cara should not I be sit in my carseat ? 44 . mitch whatever , you be fine -- hey , what 's up with that little blonde bitch who knock you over ? she look a little surprised by she dad 's language . cara that 's nicolette Peters . she do that a lot , actually ... mitch so why do not you fight back ? cara um , because you tell I not to ? you say I should strive for verbal resolution . mitch fuck verbal resolution ! put that whore on she back and shank she ! do you know how to make a shiv ? cara what ? Mitch light a cigarette with the car lighter . mitch listen to I , kid : the world be a cesspool of cruelty and violence . if someone come at you with a knife , you gotta put they entire fuck family in the morgue , okay ? that 's call jailyard justice . because if you do not come back hard on a bitch , you ass be gonna get sell for a pack of camel light and a jello cup , y'understand ? always solve you problem with violence . always . Cara nod , alarmed . cara o- okay daddy ...? CUT to : dave looking directly into camera he 's sit at a booth in a bar , highly traumatize . 45 . dave I dry-hump a stranger 's leg for three hour today ... sitting opposite he , Mitch downs a shot , exhaust . mitch Cry I a river , dude : I deal with ballet and you ass -hat boss today . dave oh no -- what happen at work ? mitch nothing ! nothing . ( off Dave 's look ) I fix it . ( off Dave 's look ) okay , but look , it be not my fault ! the jap start pepper I with question and I have to improvise and then everyone get very emotional and , well ... it look like we be go to court . dave oh my God tell I you be kid . mitch yeah , you boss be pretty miff , but then I tell he this be all part of my master plan to make more money off we client -- dave what . 1 mitch yeah , turn out that 's totally illegal , but the old man be surprisingly cool about it . Dave sit there , speechless . Mitch eat wing . mitch ( cont 'd ) hey , you secretary be sort of hot in like a Dame judi dench - play - a - Nazi kind of way . be she on the fuck team ? 46 . dave ( weak ) I . . I just want to go home ... CUT to : dave and mitch drive in mitch car as the sun set . the window be open and the wind be in they hair . they be very much not talk to each other ... ext . dave' house -- evening Dave and Mitch head up Dave 's front walk , solemn ... mitch what be you gonna tell Jamie ? dave the truth . mitch can I highly recommend against that ? int . mitch house -- evening Mitch and Dave enter to find Cara run down the stair in she dora the explorer pajamas . Dave smile and open he arm , tired and overjoy to see she ... dave hey , sugar-bug . . but she pass right by he and hug Mitch . cara hi daddy ! Dave stammer , stung . Mitch hug she , act stiff like Dave . mitch well hello , my precocious daughter ! dave okay , I do not sound like that -- just then Jamie hurry past , the twin in she arm , and kiss Mitch on the lip . both man startle a bit . 47 . jamie hey . ( to dave ) hi Mitch . dave this be so weird . mitch no shit . jamie you stay for dinner ? silence . then Mitch nudge Dave . dave right -- no , thank you . I be -- look , Jamie , we really need to talk . jamie okay , but make it quick , I have get to put the twin to bed . dave i. .um ... I be not Mitch . mitch I be Mitch . somehow .. .we switch body last night . he 's Dave . Jamie look back and forth between they , expressionless . mitch ( cont 'd ) you see , what happen be , we peed into a magic fountain -- dave then the city move the fountain -- mitch but as soon as they find it , we be go to switch back . jamie great ! sound like a plan . mitch be you kid ? be she kid ? clearly yes . Jamie head for the stair when Dave stop she . 48 . dave baby , please do not -- jamie okay , Mitch , first of all , do not call I baby , it 's creepy . second of all ... what the hell be you talk about ?. dave look , I can prove it 's true ! just , I do not know , just ask I anything that only I -- that only Dave -- would know . anything . jamie when 's we wedding anniversary ? Dave freeze , oh shit . dave spring ? jamie spring ? mitch dude , it 's March 24th , even I know that . dave why do you know that ? mitch so that I can send you a thoughtful card -- what kind of monster be you ? dave look , just ask I anything else . jamie I really do not have time to -- mitch Jamie , please . jamie what 's my favorite color ? dave you have a favorite color ? 49 . mitch mauve . dave dude : do you not understand what we be try to accomplish here ?! mitch I be just say , look at all the accent in this room -- she love mauve . dave baby -- Jamie -- ask I anything else , something more personal ... jamie Fine , what do we talk about two night ago ...? I be cry ...? dave ( take a stab in the dark ) yourrrrr mother maybe ? jamie that 's great , Mitch . thanks a big bunch . come on , honey . Jamie steam upstairs , piss , with Cara in tow . Dave run he hand through he hair , fuck ! Mitch look appal : mitch dude , you be like the worst husband ever . dave I have a lot on my plate right now , man ! you have no idea ! mitch okay , look , calm down : I can hold down the fort for one night . dave be you joke ? you work at my job for one day and you almost get arrest ! what be you gonna do to my family ?! mitch dude , the kid be already go to bed . ( more ) 50 . mitch ( cont 'd ) I think I can handle watch two and a half fuck Men and fall asleep on the couch with the best of them . the only roadblock I foresee be : what do I tell Jamie ? dave what do you tell Jamie .. . when ? mitch when she want to have sex tonight . dave but it 's Tuesday . mitch I do not understand . you do not have sex on tuesday ? a beat . then Dave start laughing . it build . Dave have not laugh this hard in a long time . he pat Mitch 's cheek . dave that 's adorable . Dave turn and exit the house , still laughing ... dave ( cont 'd ) you know what , give it a shot . mitch really ?! you want I to bang you wife ?? dave sure , have at it ! let I know how it go ... dissolve to : ext . mitch apartment -- night Dave park Mitch 's fiero on this shady Silver Lake street , glance at the homeless guy stumbling by , a bit scared . int . mitch apartment -- night Dave enter Mitch 's apartment and flip on the bright overhead light . the white wall be empty . a futon , tv , and four crate of bird seed be all that occupy the live room . dave Jesus , it 's like a swedish asylum -- 51 . and then Mitch 's iphone ring . Dave hesitates , then answer : dave ( cont 'd ) Mitch planko , who the fuck be this ? a sexy woman 's voice purr : sexy woman ( o.s. ) hiii Mitch , it 's tatiana ... Dave straighten , oh shit ! dave tatiana ?! hi ! how , um , how be you ? tatiana ( o.s. ) I will be better in a few minute after I fuck you raw . click . she hang up . Dave freeze , wide - eye . dave oh my God . oh my god. he quickly dial a number . intercut with mitch sitting on the plush couch with Jamie , eat takeout sushi and watch two and a half Men on the huge plasma tv . the phone ring . Mitch see the caller id , then answer it . mitch hey dude , I take back everything I say about two and a half Men . this be some edgy shit -- dave tatiana be on she way over ! mitch Nice . dave what do you think I should do ?! mitch I think you should fuck she , that 's what I think you should do . Jamie look over at Mitch , weird out ; he get up and cross into the hallway for some privacy . 52 . mitch ( cont 'd ) do not blow this for I , dude , she 's my Tuesday night regular . dave but would not I be ... sort of ... cheating on Jamie ? maybe ? mitch no ! cheate be when any part of you penis touch any part of another woman who be not you wife , and last I check , you wang be safely tuck away in my incredibly lame triple - pleate sport slack . dave but my mind be over here , do not that count ... somehow ? mitch dude , how many woman have you fuck in you mind ? thousands ? dave million . mitch right , and that 's not cheating , right ? dave you reason be oddly impeccable . mitch I think you be on firm legal ground here , amigo . I say jump that ass . dave Jesus ... I have not have sex with another woman since college ... mitch well , it still work the same , but this chick be a lot to handle so pace yourself , okay ? she 's hornier than a priest at summer camp . dave oh my God so be I --. there 's a knock at the apartment door . Dave jump , freak : 53. dave ( cont 'd ) Holy shit she 's already here ! what do I do ?! mitch you will do fine . just wear a condom , okay ? do not give I aids -- just then wham -- the door fly open and a very sexy blonde enter the apartment wear a long trenchcoat and five inch stiletto heel . she move towards Dave like a panther . dave ( freezing , breathless ) tatiana ... tatiana be you ready to ride ? dave i- I honestly do not know ... she throw off she trenchcoat to reveal she 's not wear anything underneath . awesome . less awesome be the fact that she 's nine month pregnant . massive breast sit atop a huge , distend , veiny , protrude stomach . Dave recoil . dave ( cont 'd ) daaah ! tatiana why the fuck be you still wear clothes ? as she advance towards he , Dave climb up the futon . dave but you be --?! when be you due ?! tatiana any minute now , so let 's get we fuck on before this become a threesome . dave oh god gross ! wait , who 's the father ? be I the father ?! tatiana no ... but you be my daddy ... 54 . she smile coyly and slide on top of he . dave Holy shit you be so heavy -- tatiana my tit be aching for you . dave actually that 's probably just the colostrum come in , it can be very painful -- tatiana finally stop with the femme fatale routine . tatiana okay : what 's you deal tonight ? dave nothing ! nothing . I just -- tatiana be it my new haircut ? dave no ...? tatiana the trenchcoat ? too cliche ? dave no ! I love the coat . tatiana be it , I do not know , the pregnancy ? dave well ... now that you mention it ? maybe , like , a little ? tatiana what the hell ?! you pick I up at a single mother lamaze class ! what do you expect ?! dave ( horrified ) I do ?! that 's terrible ! who would do something like that ?! tatiana angrily cross the room and -- with considerable effort -- bend over and pick up she trenchcoat . 55 . dave ( cont 'd ) look , tatiana , I be sorry . you be incredibly beautiful , it 's just -- tatiana ( turn , fully naked ) what ?! I be not sexy ?! dave oh my god I can see it kick . you can , in fact , see the fetus move around in she belly . tatiana you know what ? fuck you , Mitch . do not ever call I again . she yank on she coat and storm out . Dave stammer . CUT to : int . dave' house -- bathroom -- night it 's bedtime . wearing pajama pants and no shirt , Mitch brushes he tooth and fix he hair , try to look sexy . he suck in he dad - gut in the mirror . mitch Jesus , Dave , it 's call a sit-up . then he see Jamie 's dress land on the bedroom floor , follow by she bra ... Mitch exhales : mitch ( cont 'd ) Holy shit , I be finally go to fuck Jamie . this be my great hour ! I hope she like it weird ! then , in slow motion , Jamie enter the bathroom , nude , she hair gently blow in the wind from a open window . she look insanely hot . Mitch take she all in , ravenous ... mitch ( cont 'd ) oh my God I be go to ruin she -- and then she sit on the can . and start take a dump . Mitch 's face drop , horrify . jamie I have to cool it on the thai food . I have have the shit all day . 56 . Mitch just stare at she , dumbstruck , as we hear the loose content of her bowel empty into the toilet bowl . mitch oh my GOD . jamie seriously -- light a candle . she keep shitting . it sound like Niagara Falls . thunderous . forego the candle , Mitch cover he nose with he forearm and stumble out of the bathroom , nauseous ... int . bedroom -- a few moment later Mitch lie in bed , stare wide - eye at the ceiling , horrify . Jamie slide in bed with he , touch he arm -- mitch ( recoiling ) don't fucking touch I ! jamie what be you problem ? mitch look , I be not attract to you right now , okay ?! so just ... no mean no , all right ? no mean no ... tight on Jamie roll over , confuse and genuinely hurt ... time dissolve to : peaceful black stillness then we hear a baby scream bloody murder . then a second baby join in , even more shrill than the first . finally , we hear the worst two word a parent can ever hear : jamie ( o.s. ) you turn . mitch ( o.s. ) mmm ? jamie ( o.s. ) it 's you turn to feed the twin . mitch ( o.s. ) yeah ... I really do not feel like it . Jamie turn on the light , piss . 57 . jamie be you fuck kid I ? mitch no , it 's 3 in the morning , you go do it . you be the mother . jamie get the fuck out bed right now and go feed you fuck child or I will fuck cut you ! Mitch be already scramble out of the room , terrify . mitch yes Jamie I be sorry Jamie ! int . twin's bedroom -- night Mitch just look at the twin , scream in they respective crib , no idea what to do . he reach for the phone . dial . intercut with dave in Mitch 's apartment , jack off to some ( very small ) internet porn on Mitch 's iphone . then the porn disappear , and " dave lockwood calling " appear on screen . dave oh come on ... ( answer , panting ) what ? mitch I always think you wife be a nice lady but she be neither nice nor a lady ! she talk like a dock - worker and she shit like one too ! plus I use to think you kid be adorable but actually they be just really fuck annoying and crazy needy -- wait , be you jack off ? dave what ? no ! mitch so why be you panting ? dave look , I have to , I never get this kind of privacy anymore . 58 . mitch but be not that sort of ... my penis ? Dave look down . dave yeah . I guess . be that weird ? mitch i. .do not know ? dave it sort of hook to the side a bit . mitch yeah . go lefty , you will get better torque . dave cool , thanks . hey , how long have you be shave down there ? mitch it 's kind of pro forma now , dude . dave really ? mitch yeah , only marry dude still rock dick - fros anymore - - wait : if tatiana be over earlier , why do you still need to jack off ? dave yeeeah , tatiana might not be come back . like , ever . mitch what do you do ?! dave I ?! she 's nine month pregnant ! mitch oh my God you be so picky ! dave I could see the baby kick , dude ! 59 . mitch so what , she 's have a girl ! it would not have be a little boy tickle you tip ! Jesus , I can not believe you fuck up my Tuesday night regular ! dave relax , Mitch -- mitch no ! you marry guy have no idea how hard it be to build a reliable stable ! you do not ! it 's a full time job ! get girl ' phone number , call they , email they , facebook they , twitter they , buy they drink and dinner and coffee and listen to endless storey about they stupid fuck friend and begging they to touch you wiener on the second date and building a elaborate web of lie so they do not all find out about each other -- it 's exhaust ! and then poof ! in one night , you just casually discard my life 's work ! dave Jesus , okay , I be sorry ... mitch sorry do not lick my ballbag every Tuesday night ... dave look , be there a reason you be call I at 3 in the morning ? Mitch glare back to the twin , who be still wailing . mitch yeah , you mean wife be make I feed the kid . what do I do ? dave have you change they diaper already ? mitch ( beat , lie ) yes. obviously . 60 . dave okay , take they to the kitchen . mitch hold on . Mitch put the phone in he mouth and pick up the scream twins . carry they like bag of wheat , he jog down the hallway as they scream they head off . he 's totally rattle : mitch shut up ! stop crying ! jesus christ , we fucking hear you ! int . kitchen -- night Mitch jog into the kitchen and , plop , set the twin on the counter , then speak into the phone again : mitch all right . in the kitchen . dave go to the fridge ... Mitch turn away from the twin and open the fridge . he see a bottle of wine and immediately drink from the bottle . mitch yeah ? dave defrost two bag of breastmilk in the microwave for 3 minute , then prepare two separate bottle ... Mitch grab a container of cow 's milk , sniff it , turn to give it to the baby -- to discover that Sarah be go , and Peter be lick a electrical socket ! mitch Holy fuck ! Mitch yank Peter away just as SPARKS shoot from the socket ! dave what be that ? mitch nothing ! go on ! two bottle ...? 61 . dave first : attach the filter to the seal to the nipple ... Mitch hear clink clink and spin to see that Sarah have crawle over to the knife block and remove a butcher knife and a meat cleaver and be wave they about like rattles ! mitch oh jesus oh jesus ... Mitch approach she , wide - eye , tentative -- when Sarah giggle and spastically whip the cleaver at he ! he barely sidestep it , and it impact into a cupboard door -- f-twang ! mitch ( cont 'd ) this be so fuck up ! dave I know , right ? and make sure you do not allow any air bubbles in . Mitch grab a pair of tong and , after a few attempt , snatch the butcher knife from Sarah 's hand . then he scoops she up and deposit she into the sink with she brother . finally , he slump over , try to catch he breath . mitch dude . listen to I : you need to go downtown first thing tomorrow morning and you need to find that fuck fountain ... he start pour cow 's milk into the baby ' mouth . it splashes all over they , but they manage to lap up some of it . mitch ( cont 'd ) honestly , I be really not sure how much more of this shit I can take . CUT to : a desk placard reading " district manager carla nelson " District manager carla Nelson sit behind she desk in she bland , putty office , the next morning . she be still bored . district manager carla nelson good news . you formal information request be approve . Dave stop pace , deeply relieved . 62 . dave great . so where 's the fountain ? district manager carla nelson oh . we will not hear back for one to three week , maybe more . dave what ? how long can it possibly take you to find you own fountain ?! carla melson dave one to three week , maybe one to three week , maybe more . more . dave ( cont 'd ) thanks , carla , you just ruin my life . have a awesome day . Dave blow out of there , choke on he fury ... match CUT to : dave racing into he own house still furious . he look around for Mitch . dave ( cont 'd ) Mitch ?! Mitch ?! bad news , buddy ! Dave bound up the stair ... int . nursery -- morning Jamie quietly cry as she get the twin dress for the day . Dave charge in -- dave Real bad news --! Jamie startles and quickly dry she eye . jamie Dave 's in the shower . dave be you okay ...? Dave enter , concerned , and instinctively start help she dress the baby . she watch he , a bit confuse . 63. dave ( cont 'd ) come on , you can tell I . we have be friend forever ... jamie ( exhales ) it 's Dave ...he 's be act so strange lately . last night ... last night he even tell I he be not attract to I ... dave oh my god I be go to fuck kill he . jamie just tell I honestly ... be Dave have a affair ? dave no. Jamie . I swear he 's not . you be just go through a very temporary rough patch , okay ? jamie temporary ? we have be in this rough patch for year dave ( this be news to he ) y- you have ?! jamie you do not want to hear about this . dave no I really do . tell I everything . Jamie look at he , see the urgency in he eye . frown . jamie it 's not he fault , really ... I love he with all my heart , you know I do , but - you remember Dave 's family grow up . they be a mess . they have nothing . Dave 's entire childhood be spend look over the fence , want a better life . so he scrimp and save and work four job at once and put himself through school and build a better life for himself . I have always love that about he . ( more ) 64 . jamie ( cont 'd ) no one ever give he anything . the problem be , now that he 's get a good life , he can not turn it off -- he 's still look over the fence , want something even better , a second house , more kid , a faster car , a bigger promotion , whatever it be that he think will finally make he happy . Dave redden , defensive ; this be hit very close to home . dave well poor Jamie ! you have a ambitious , hard - work husband who provide for you and you family -- how can you even stand it ? jamie ( taken aback ) no , I know , I should be grateful ... and I be ... I guess all I be say be that Dave be so focuss on what he do not have that he can not see what he do . and how long can you stay marry to someone who be incapable of ever be happy ...? she look at he , search . Dave stammer , realize for the first time just how much trouble he marriage be in ... then : mitch check it out : I have freckle on my taint ! how awesome be that ?! they turn to see Mitch in the doorway , buck naked and wet , hold a hand - mirror under he ball . then he see Dave . mitch ( cont 'd ) oh , hey , fag . why be you here ? CUT to : mitch ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) one to three week , maybe more ?! int . dave' house -- bathroom -- day Mitch shave in the bathroom as Dave pace , anxious . mitch what the fuck do that even mean ?! 65 . dave it mean we might be in each other 's body for a while ... mitch what ?! no ! I can not do this anymore ! you life suck ! dave my life suck ?! you drive a fiero -- Jamie call through the door : jamie ( o.s. ) um , I be go to work ? dave mitch all right , angel ! have a nice day ! jamie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you guy okay in there ? mitch yup ! just two dude chill in the bathroom , nothing weird about that ! jamie ( o.s. ) okay ...? see you later ... we hear Jamie 's footstep retreat . Dave grow emotional : dave listen to I : I know I complain about my family sometimes , but Jamie and the kid be everything to I ... my marriage be fall apart , my job be on the line , and I need you to step up and be the best possible version of I , okay ? mitch dude , honestly , I be work my nut off over here . I do not know how to play you any better . dave well . then I be just gonna have to teach you . let 's start at the beginning : CUT to : 66 . int . dave' bedroom -- closet -- moment later Dave hold up a suit from he closet . Mitch watch . dave this be call a suit . you have to wear one every day , along with -- ( hold up tie ) a necktie -- ( hold up sock ) Black -- not white -- sock -- ( hold up dress shoe ) dress shoe , not shower sandal -- ( hold up boxer ) and underwear . mitch oh come on ! dave no ! no more commando ! you be a grow - ass man ! Mitch mimic heiling Hitler and start get dress ... int . dave' kitchen -- day Mitch , highly uncomfortable in he business suit , scowl as Dave show he the kid ' schedule on the fridge . dave this be call a schedule . it tell you everything you need to do in a give day . Drop off . pick up . activity . playdate . doctor appointment . you will notice that there be approximately 50 hour worth of obligation on any give day . find a way . int . dave' audi station wagon -- day Dave drive . Mitch slump in the passenger seat , grumpy . dave always be think of you next responsibility . it help to break you day into four minute increment . and remember : there be no margin for error . ( more ) 67 . dave ( cont 'd ) if you pick up the twin , the dryclean and the diaper cream but forget the organic quince paste from that little place on abbot kinney , everyone still hate you . you have to be perfect . int . whole food supermarket -- day Dave walk Mitch through Whole Foods with a cart , select various item from the list . dave this be call a grocery store . you buy food here . before head to the market , always call Jamie first and ask she if she need anything . in fact , before you make anv decision in you life , no matter how small , call you wife first . think of yourself as a retarded mule lose in the desert : helpless , dumb , and in constant need of direction . never take initiative , never strike out on you own , never deviate from the plan : you be always wrong . you be a retarded mule lose in the desert . int . dave' audi station wagon -- day they drive down the street , the car pack with grocery . dave when you be with Jamie , you should always be do one of three thing : ask she permission , compliment she , or begging she forgiveness . it do not matter if she already say you could go to poker night , or if she look like fuck mothra in that dress , or if you do not do anything wrong . permission , compliment , apology . that 's all anyone want to hear out of a husband 's mouth . here , let 's practice : what 's you favorite joke ? mitch umm ...? a rabbi , a priest --? bam ! Dave punch Mitch in the nut . 68 . dave trick question ! no one fuck care ! you be Dave lockwood , boring dad , you be not Jerry Fucking Seinfeld ! shut the fuck up ! Mitch clutches he ball , hurt and scared ... int . pre - school classroom -- day Dave and Mitch , wear sombreros , sit behind a tiny desk in this colorful pre-school classroom , prepare the healthy snack they just purchase for Cara and she rowdy classmate . dave this be call child , or dependent . never disparage you own child -- everything they do be a miracle from God . when they be bad , it 's only because they be tired or go through a phase . when other people 's kid be bad , however , it 's because of indulgent parent or innate defect in the child character -- a cute little boy snatch three apple slice . dave ( cont 'd ) one a piece , please , Dylan . ( to mitch ) kid 's a natural bear criminal . if he see 18 , it will be from the inside a jail cell . int . dave' office -- day Dave walk Mitch through the office . dave this be call a office , or work . think about whatever you most want to do here , and then do the exact opposite . you want to go home early ? great : stay all night . hungry ? cool : do not eat . think you boss be a total douche ? terrific : invite he to join you fantasy baseball league . a cute associate walk by and Mitch overtly eye-fuck she all the way past . Dave nut - punch he again . 69 . dave ( cont 'd ) you be marry now , jackass ! you can not look at other woman , you can not talk to other woman , you can not even be interesting around other woman ! do everything in you power to de -sexualize yourself -- wear a fannypack , drive a passat , affix electronic device to you belt -- whatever it take . if you be force to interact with a woman , quickly find a way to mention that you be marry . it do not even have to make sense . just be like " Nice weather today , I be totally fuck marry . " mitch wait , so I can not sleep with my wife and I can not sleep with other woman ? what be that ? dave it 's call marriage . Dave turn into he office , nodd at he mean secretary . dave ( cont 'd ) good morning , gladys . she scowl at he , confuse , who 's this guy ? then Mitch pass and wiggle he tongue at she , simulate cunnilingus . the old lady gasp , appal ... int . dave' office -- continuous they enter Dave 's office . dave do you have any other question ? mitch yeah -- when 's you free time ? dave ( cock - punching he again ) have you be listen to one word I have say ?! there be no fuck free time ! you do not have a life anymore ! you do not have a personality , or a identity , or a point of view ! you be a dad ! ( more ) 70 . dave ( cont 'd ) you job be to allocate resource , to shuttle child from a to B , to deliver food at appropriate interval , to clean up , to break down , to construct , to repair , to finance , to sooth , to make everyone else happy , okay ? and when you day be do , you know what you get ? mitch dry handjob ? dave nothing ! you be not single anymore ! no one give you a cupcake every time you hold the door or speak in complete sentence , it 's expect of you now , so grow up ! mitch okay , can I just say something without you punch my cock ? ( Dave inhale , go ) I think you might be take some of this adult shit a little seriously -- voice at the door knock knock ? both man turn to see sabrina in the doorway , look lovely in a short skirt suit , hold document . Mitch straighten . mitch hell - lo leg . sabrina yes ...um ... sort of big news . mitch ( solicitous , creepy ) please , come in ! coffee ? scotch ? sabrina ( enter , tentative ) no ... thanks ? anyway , kinkabe and amalgamate have agree to go into bind mediation in two day . dave two day ? be you kid I ?! sabrina glance at Dave , confuse , no idea who he be . 71 . sabrina n- no ? anyway , I will have my brief on you desk by tonight . mitch ( stretch leg on desk ) and I will have my brief on you chin by tomorrow morning -- dave and that be level 4 sexual harassment ! awesome ! thanks , sabrina , that will be all . mitch oh shit , this be sabrina ?! sabrina look at Dave , even more confuse . sabrina have . . . have we meet ? dave ( shaking sabrina 's hand ) oh. I be sorry , no . I be Mitch , Dave 's completely idiotic friend . sabrina ( smiling slightly ) sabrina mcardle . Nice to meet you . Mitch notice they chemistry and immediately blurt out : mitch you guy should go out ! dave what ? mitch yeah ! you be single now , Mitch , remember ? and sabrina be stone fuck hot ! look at that body ! sabrina : swimmer in college ? sabrina Dave --? 72 . mitch you two should go out , have a nice steak dinner , go dance at some weird Korean nightclub and then fuck on the roof , you know what I mean ? how 's 8 pm tomorrow night , richter 's steakhouse ? sabrina and Dave stammer , share a terrorize look . sabrina um , good , I guess ...? mitch great ! I know for a fact that Mitch be free , so he will see you there ! and honey : wear something tight , you know what I mean ? make it fun . sabrina yeah ... I be gonna go now ...? sabrina hurry out , appal . Dave clutches he forehead : dave oh my god I be so fuck fire . mitch no dude : you be so fuck laid ! dave you can not talk to woman like that at work ! or anywhere , really ! mitch I be sorry , I just get you a date with the number one girl on you Cancer list and this be the thanks I get ? dave I be not go on the date , Mitch . mitch yes you be . dave no. I be not . 73. mitch yes you be , because if you do not , I will feed ' you child non - organic snack and then introduce they to my extensive girl - on- horse pornography collection . how do you think Jamie will react to that ? Dave just look at Mitch , horrify . dave why ... why be you do this to I ? mitch because I have see you life and if you do not loosen up soon you be literally go to die . so go out with this chick . have fun . bust a nut . remember why life be beautiful again , okay ? please ? this actually get to Dave a bit . he frown , fine ... mitch ( cont 'd ) also , see if she like to fuck on Tuesday night , because you owe I a regular . CUT to : int . parking lot -- night his work day over , Mitch stride through the parking lot , head for he car , cheerfully wave to various commuter : mitch good evening ! / have a pleasant commute ! / what a wonderful brooch ! Mitch reach he audi station wagon when -- voice Dave ? Mitch turn to see he father , mitch , sr . pass , smile . mitch oh! hey ... mister ... planko ? what be you do here ? mitch , sr . my attorney 's in this building ... 74 . he notice the human stick figure on Dave 's rear windshield , label for each member of he family . he smile at they : mitch , sr . ( cont 'd ) oh , what a neat idea ! mitch yeah , maybe if you be from Kansas . mitch , sr . you parent be very lucky to have so many grandchild . mitch ( quick , sharp ) what 's that suppose to mean ? mitch , sr . nothing ! nothing . how be y--? mitch I mean , you still have a really fuck cool son , right ?! mitch , sr . yes , Mitch be definitely cool ... how be the twin ? mitch they be fuck fine -- what the fuck do that mean , " Mitch be definitely cool ?! " mitch , sr . ( taken aback ) nothing . no , it 's my fault ... I spoiled he rotten after he mother pass away , but ... he trail off , clearly not want to talk about this . mitch but what , dude ?! spit it out ! mitch , sr . but now he 's a total fuck up . Mitch actually gasp . his dad smile sadly : 75 . mitch , sr . ( cont 'd ) I mean , he 's a great guy , he 's the life of the party , but he have no work ethic , he have no backbone , he will never build a family or a career or anything of substance like you have . he 's ... embarrassing . Mitch stand there , mouth agape , just decimate . mitch , sr . ( cont 'd ) anyway , I be sorry to go on and on . how 's you lovely wife --? Mitch start tearing up and fumble with the car door . mitch you son be not a fuck up , m- Mr. planko ! he 's just a late bloomer ! his dad look utterly confuse as Mitch get into the car . mitch , sr . Dave ? be you cry ...? mitch I be sorry , I be just very close to Mitch and when people say mean thing about he I hurt too -- he slam the door shut and jerk out of the parking spot , tear pour down he face . his dad watch on , bewilder . int . dave' car -- night Mitch angrily drive home , try to stop cry . mitch fuck ! fuck ... and then survivor 's " Eye of the Tiger " come on the radio . Mitch 's expression slowly turn to steely determination ... CUT to : black stillness as " Eye of the Tiger " continue play , we hear a baby scream bloody murder . then we hear a second baby join in . finally , we hear the worst two word a parent can ever hear : jamie you turn -- 76 . Mitch sit bolt upright in bed like rambo , totally awake , he jaw set , and bound out of bed ... int . nursery -- night Mitch aggressively change the twin ' diaper . he 's do a terrible job , but he 's focuss , work hard ... int . kitchen -- night Mitch assemble two baby bottle as the twin sit in the sink scream . he scream back at they ... int . den -- night Mitch sit erect on the couch like a navajo warrior , feed the twin , he eye afire ... int . dave' car -- the next morning wearing fingerless drive glove , Mitch race the twin to day care . he look like the fuck transporter ... int . steel , kuhbach , mccloud -- law firm -- morning Mitch blow into the office , look sharp in a business suit . he point at other lawyer , amp up , not smile . mitch let' do some law , guy ! get some ! his old secretary gladys fall in step with he . gladys good morn -- mitch I need the book corporate law for dummy , every season of Law &amp ; order on dvd and blu - Ray , and the biggest fuck coffee you can carry on my desk in 15 minute or else you be fire . gladys write this down on a pad of paper , a bit turn on ... mitch ( cont 'd ) also get yourself a new haircut and a pair of six inch stripper shoe . it 's time to take this shit to the next level . 77 . int . dave' office -- later Mitch study a legal casebook while chugge coffee . Law &amp ; order play on the tv in the background . then a alarm sound on he desk and he race out of he office , all business ... int . doctor' office -- day Mitch hurry into the pediatrician 's office , talk on he Black Berry phone , a twin in each arm , a cigarette dangle from he mouth . the receptionist frown . Mitch make the universal " jerk off " motion with he hand ... int . supermarket -- day Mitch race through the supermarket with a cart , grab item off the shelf like supermarket sweep ... int . auditorium -- day Mitch jog into the crowded auditorium and sit next to Jamie . the ballet recital be already in progress ... onstage , two dozen adorable little ballerinas in pink tutu 's pile and jete about ... Jamie point out little Cara in pigtail . Mitch smile . mitch fuck I she 's cute ... jamie uh oh , here come the second battement glisse ... Jamie tense up . Mitch do too ... as Cara start she spin , nicolette Peters go to push she over -- and Cara calmly grab she arm , flip she over she shoulder , and drop she flat on she back with a loud wham ! as nicolette start crying , Cara calmly continue dance like nothing happen . the other girl on stage look pleased . Mitch clap and whistle : mitch fuck yeah ! nice one , cara ! Jamie hit he , she , but be clearly proud of she little girl . a dozen row ahead of they , nicolette's father -- a huge former linebacker -- leap up , outrage : 78 . nicolette's father hey ! that girl just flipped my daughter ! Mitch hop up , equally fire up . mitch that's because you daughter be a fucking cunt ! the entire auditorium silences . nicolette 's father turn . nicolette's father what did you just say to I ?! mitch you heard I , pal ! you daughter have it coming ! nicolette 's father , he face bett red , start climb over people and seat , insanely gun for Mitch ! nicolette's father you 're a dead man ! jamie honey --?. mitch bring it , fuck - nut ! Mitch bound over the seat , charge right back at he ! on stage Mrs. kleinman and all the little ballerinas stand freeze , mouth agape , watch Mitch and nicolette 's father claw they way over seat , try to get to each other ! mitch ( cont 'd ) i'm gonna rip you fucking face off - wham ! nicolette 's dad level he out of frame as we CUT to : int . jamie' BMW station wagon -- evening Jamie drive along , a slight smile on she face . Mitch sit shotgun , batter and beat , hold a ice pack to he cheek . Cara sit in she carseat in the back , a bit stunne . jamie well , look like you will not be do ballet at the rec center anymore . 79 . cara that 's okay . I do not really like it anyway . mitch where would you learn to ninja-flip a girl like that ? cara the internet . mitch good girl . so what would we learn from this ? cara always solve my problem with violence . mitch that 's right , baby . Bones . they bump fist . Jamie be stunne . jamie what ?! no , angel , that 's exactly the wrong lesson . you should never use violence , except to defend yourself , okay ? Mitch subtly shake he head at Cara , do not listen to she . mitch violence be cool . jamie Dave ! mitch I be kid ! ( to cara ) I be not kid . Cara giggle in the backseat . Jamie can not help but laugh too . soon they be all laughing . it 's a nice moment . cara I love you , daddy ... mitch ( surprised ) oh. i- I love you too , angel . 80 . Jamie smile over at Mitch ... tight on mitch as he feel the family love for the first time . he look touch ... even a little proud ... then he cell phone ring . he answer it : mitch ( cont 'd ) lockwood . dave ( on phone ) I have not be on a first date in over a decade and I be drown in my own fear --! mitch do not move . I will be right over . smash CUT to : mitch kicking OPEN the door of he old apartment to find Dave , in khaki 's and a press buttondown , freaking out in the mirror -- dave how do I look ?! mitch like a fuck tool . step aside -- Mitch throw open the closet and yank out a pair of jeans . mitch ( cont 'd ) this be call jeans . they have be very popular with we nation 's young people for over 60 year . put they on immediately . dave jeans ? to a restaurant ? Mitch punch Dave in the nut ; he double over . mitch shut up and do what I say . we only have 3 hour to make you cool ... CUT to : int . mitch bathroom Mitch show Dave how to put gel into he hair . 81 . mitch this be call gel , or product . use too little and you look like a pedophile cub scout leader , use too much and you look Persian . neither be a win hand . Dave very nervously apply gel to he hair ... int . mitch shower stall Dave stand with he pants around he ankle as Mitch very delicately shave he ball with a bic razor . mitch okay , normally I would never do this for another man , but since we be in a rush , and technically this be my testicle bag , I be make a rare exception . always man-scape before a first date . it show a lady that you be clean , considerate , and american . dave it tickles -- mitch do not speak , it jiggle you sack . ext . exotic motorcar -- evening exotic sell the most pimp - out use car in LA . Mitch squeal off the lot in a red ferrari and cruise down the sunset Strip , music blasting . Dave sit shotgun , stunne . dave I can not believe you just charge a Ferrari to my discover Card . mitch you need to learn to be spontaneous , Dave . chick like spontaneous . ( to women walk by ) hey lady ! show we you tit ! they flip he off . Mitch laugh . Dave be still floor : dave what be we gonna tell Jamie ...? 82. mitch do I a favor , Dave . relax you butt hole . dave what ? mitch you sphincter . just ... release it . Dave 's entire body visibly relax a bit . mitch ( cont 'd ) you do not even know it be pucker , right ? now recline you seat a bit ... ( dave recline ) good . now take some deep breath . ( Dave do , calming ) now give I you sunglass . Dave give he he sunglass ; Mitch chuck they out the window and hand he he cool Ray ban' . mitch ( cont 'd ) now , just for like three minute , do not be a dad , do not be a husband , do not be a lawyer , just be a dude roll down sunset strip in a fuck Ferrari with he best friend listen to seal , okay ? Dave look out the window , get into it ... mitch ( cont 'd ) feel good , right ? after a moment , a tear escape from under Dave 's shade . mitch ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , just let it out . dave it 's be so long since I feel cool ... mitch I know , baby . I know . they cruise for a bit longer , then Mitch pull into a car wash . Dave look confuse . 83. dave why be we wash the car ? it 's brand new . mitch we be not wash the car , David . we be get you mentally , physically , and spiritually ready for you date . come on . int . car wash -- lobby -- moment later Mitch and a very confuse Dave enter the car wash lobby . mitch now . I do not have time to cover all the way in which woman have change since you last date ... Mitch stop at the register to pay . various car wash employees keep say hi to Dave , weird he out . car wash employees hola , Mitch ! / como esta , Mitch ?! mitch the bottom line be : the internet have revolutionize everything . dave you mean like j-date ? mitch fuck j-date . no . the internet have change chick in three major way : first , access and acceptance of pornography have commoditize woman and pressured they into become sluttier at far young age , which be awesome . Mitch finish pay and continue through the car wash . mitch ( cont 'd ) second : text message have de - stigmatize the booty call . call a girl at 3 in the morning for sex and it 's creepy . text she " suck wang midnight ?? " and it 's classy . I have no idea why , but again , a awesome development . ( more ) 84 . mitch ( cont 'd ) third : Facebook and other social networking site have falsely convinced people -- woman include -- that they be funny , interesting , and unique . get use to listen waaay more than you use to . chick be the new dude , they talk about themselves all the fuck time now . practice say thing like " you be so different " and " no , really , what Golden girl would you be ? " and " I love Lady gaga too . " dave what 's a Lady gaga ? mitch I do not know , it 's either a pop singer or a energy drink . they arrive at the car wash waiting area . people sit around , wait for they car , many of they young , female , and cute . mitch ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's talk to some honey , get you flow go again . dave so wait , why be we at a car wash ? mitch the girl be alone , bored , and old enough to drive -- it 's a goldmine . I run game here four to seven time a week . now go on , bust a move . dave come on , I talk to woman all the time , I do not need to practice . mitch really . dave yes . and no offense , as a marry man , I probably know how to talk to woman better than you do . mitch reall v! 85 . dave yes ! it 's not that hard . they just want to be respected and listen to like everybody else . mitch okay daddy Day Care show I how it 's do then ! shit ! Dave sigh and cross to a cute blonde texting nearby . as he draw closer , however , he start to tense up ... soon he 's sweat ... it 's be a long time ...by the time he finally reach the blonde , he voice be ridiculously shrill : dave hello there what 's you name ?! she do not even look up from she Black Berry . Dave 's confidence instantly crumble ... dave ( cont 'd ) I - I be sorry , I be not try to hit on you . I be just ... I mean , I be marry , so that 's not even a thing . w-w- where be you from --? Mitch appear and yank he away . Dave look traumatize : dave ( cont 'd ) be she reach for she rape whistle ? mitch shake it off . be single be like the Tour De France : it 's all about quick recovery time . now go on , get you groove back , you be meeting sabrina in a half hour . quick cut : of Dave try to chat up various young women at the carwash . dave you name be dora ? like the explorah ?! no ...? you be not familiar with that show ...? 86 . another young woman dave ( try to be sexy ) so : what school district do you live in ? another young woman dave yikes , what do you parent think of all that piercing ?! another young woman dave .and that 's the difference between a stroller and a pram . young woman my car 's ready . the young woman race off towards she newly clean car . Dave slump , shit . Mitch nod , look at he watch . mitch forty second . not bad . you time be improve . dave I forget how hard it be to be single ... mitch as a general rule , when you be talk to single woman , conversation topic to avoid include : you wife , you child , you favorite playground , and the wiggles ... Dave nod , hat himself . Mitch head for the Ferrari . mitch ( cont 'd ) but this be good . you work out all you bad game and now you be ready to dominate . come on . CUT to : int . ferrari -- night Mitch rocket down sunset boulevard . Dave look nauseous . 87 . dave I do not feel good about this . mitch relax : you be dress cool , you hair be crush it , you ballsack be taut and smooth , and you be way better look than you have ever be . just remember uncle Mitch 's Golden rule of date . dave I know , always use a alias . mitch what ? no. no , my Golden rule of date be always find the fun . think of it like this : for the next two hour , you be stick with this chick . do not matter if she 's cool or crazy or if she be bear with a vagina on she forehead -- you be stick , so make the most of it . I date this chick name topaz once who may or may not have kill she father . Long story short , she look like 50 mile of bad road and I be not interested , but I use we time together to learn about incest and the failure of the american appellate Court system . I find it hugely informative , and topaz get catch up in my enthusiasm and give I a cry blowjob on the car-ride home , so everybody win . the point be : find the fun for yourself and great thing will follow . Dave look horrify as they roll up to richter be , a chic steakhouse . mitch ( cont 'd ) power hug . Mitch hug a still - speechless Dave ... mitch ( cont 'd ) now go on . make daddy proud . CUT to : 88. int . richter's restaurant -- a short while later richter 's be dark , elegant , romantic . Dave sit at a candle - light table , anxiously fold and unfold sugar packet . then sabrina enter , look stun in a snug red dress , and gaze around the restaurant . Dave 's heart skip a beat , and he wave she over . she approach , smile . sabrina hey ! dave hey . hi. hello . he awkwardly go to kiss she cheek while she go for a handshake . it 's awkward / cute . dave ( cont 'd ) oh -- whoop -- okay . they sit . Dave stare at she , terrify . then he blurt out : dave ( cont 'd ) do you like googoo Lady ?! sabrina what . . . what be that ? dave I - I do not know ! I really do not ! sabrina smile politely and look around for a waiter . Dave wince , hat himself to the very core of he be ... sabrina so. how long have you know Dave ? dave m- my whole life , actually . sabrina annnd have you ever see he act like he do yesterday ? dave what , like a total douchebag ? she laugh . Dave can not believe it . he loosen up a bit . 89 . dave ( cont 'd ) that 's not fair . Dave ... Dave be not himself right now . I hope he do not say anything to offend you ... sabrina no . I mean , he totally do , but it 's fine . I have brother . Dave pour both of they a glass of wine , find he rhythm . dave so . you like work with Dave ? sabrina I love it . he 's the best . dave be not he just ? sabrina i.. .eh , nevermind . dave no , go on . sabrina I actually use to sort of have a crush on he , if you must know ... dave ( laughing ) you do ? that 's so ... ironic ! sabrina I mean , he 's marry , so obviously ... dave right. obviously . well , I be just like Dave , only way more handsome . she laugh . Dave smile back , he confidence grow , as we time dissolve to : dave and sabrina talking and laughing as they meander through the course of they meal . we have never see Dave so animated and alive and happy ... time dissolve to : 90 . ext . richter's restaurant -- night Dave and sabrina exit the restaurant . it 's a warm night . dave well , I have a great time ... sabrina oh -- be we do ? it 's only 2 . dave right ! no ! what be we , lame marry people ? let 's go to a rave ... or something ? do people ... still do that ? raving ? sabrina my friend be spin afterhour at foxtail , if you want ...? dave ( confuse ) spin ? be that with the bike ? sabrina laugh and take he arm . sabrina you be so funny ! come on ! ext . foxtail nightclub -- night a line of hipster wait outside foxtail . holding Dave 's hand , sabrina cut the line , kiss the bouncer on the cheek , and he let they inside . Dave nod , awesome ... int . foxtail nightclub -- night Dave and sabrina get down on the sweaty , crowded dance floor . the house music be deafen and the light be hypnotize and everyone be have the time of they life . Dave , he shirt half - open , move sensually in sync with sabrina , both of they possess by the music . they be inch apart and she dress and hair fly about in all the right way . int . foxtail nightclub -- night foxtail be close , but Dave , with sabrina on he lap , sit in a booth drink champagne with dj bassnectar and all of he ridiculously cool friend . Dave tell a joke and everyone laugh -- include kiefer sutherland , who 's sit next to he ; kiefer slap Dave five . Nice ! 91 . int . downtown loft -- night Dave , sabrina , bassnectar , kiefer sutherland , and a group of hipster play poker in kiefer 's unbelievable downtown loft . Music blast , beer bottle litter the table , and everyone be have fun . sabrina win a hand and do a victory dance ... ext . west hollywood STREET -- night Dave walk sabrina home along she quaint , tree -line street . dave now that be a first date ... sabrina for a guy with a poker table in he live room , kiefer sutherland be surprisingly bad at poker . dave I know . I be not even sure he understand the rule ... she laugh . then they stop in front of she apartment . beat . sabrina it 's so weird , I feel like I have know you for longer than just one night ... dave yeah . I too ... there 's a lull for a kiss . Dave hesitates ... so sabrina move in and kiss he . it 's sweet but passionate ... when it 's over , Dave can barely speak : dave ( cont 'd ) can ... can , um , can I call you sometime ? do people still say that ? sabrina yes -- and you would better . dave okay . well . good night , sabrina . sabrina good night , Mitch . 92 . she give he a thoughtful smile then disappear inside . Dave wait a second , then do a victorious karate chop , yes ! dissolve to : a beautiful sunny morning Light flood into Mitch 's apartment . Dave wake up and look at the clock : 9:02 . dave fuck that . he roll over and go back to sleep , a smile on he face ... ext . toast -- day Dave sit at a outdoor table , read a novel and take he time with brunch . he see a businessman wolfing down he food and run off to he car , yell into he cell phone , stress out of he mind . Dave smile and keep read ... int . mitch apartment -- bathroom -- day Dave sit on the toilet , read he novel and take a leisurely shit . we hear the clean ker - plop of a solid poo hit the toilet water , and Dave close he eye , nice ... ext . batting cage -- day Dave , in a dodger jersey , tee off on baseball in a bat cage . crack ! crack ! crack ! it feel great ... ext . jungle -- movie set -- day Dave , hold a cross -bow and wear a loincloth , have fake sex with he CO - STAR on a jungle set ; they mid-section be conveniently obscure by a giant fern . Dave be sell it , and when valtan call cut , the whole crew applaud , wildly impressed . Dave wave they off , bashful ... dissolve to : int . dave' office -- day look hip in jeans , flip flop , and a mildly ironic tee shirt , Dave breeze into he office to find Mitch , in a press suit , intently study a legal casebook at he desk . dave well , well , look who 's all grown up . 93. Dave crash on the couch , happy . Mitch look annoyed : mitch really ? open-toed sandal at work ? dave be ... be you kid I ? mitch look , I can not hang right now , okay ? I have get the mediation in like ten minute . Dave stand right back up , surprised and impressed . dave wow. okay . well , I just want t tell you that if you can get a protract buyout for anything over 700 million dollar , take it , okay ? mitch 700 million , you get it . dave ( head for the door ) also , I want to thank you for set I up with sabrina . she 's amazing . I can not wait to see she again tonight -- mitch what ?! Dave : no . you can not , you have to wait at least a week ! Dave reach for he cellphone as he head out the door . dave which remind I , I want to call to see if she get the flower ... mitch you send she flower after one date ?! be you retarded ?! do not get I into a relationship , dude ! too late . Dave be already go . Mitch scowl . then : mitch ( cont 'd ) you can come out now , gladys ... a second later , gladys , in a form -fitting suit and a sexy new bob , crawl out from under he desk . Mitch zip up he pants . 94 . mitch ( cont 'd ) look , honey , I do not think this be working out -- gladys yank he by the tie and get in he face , wild - eye : gladys I have not have sex in 34 year ! this be not over tit I su e' it 's over . mitch F - Fine , but can you please stop follow I to the bathroom and call my house late at night and send I all that filthy email ? it 's , you know , deeply disturbing . gladys you need to realize something , boy : ( whisper in he ear ) I fuck own you now . the old lady aggressively make out with Mitch . her tongue roam from he mouth and madly lick he face , neck , and forehead . eventually they separate . Mitch look stunne . gladys ( cont 'd ) I leave you a little souvenir in you pocket ... she wink and exit . Mitch tentatively reach into he pocket and pull out a giant pair of tan granny pantie . mitch I have create a monster ... dissolve to : ext . downtown los angele -- day a line of limousine roll up to Dave 's building and dozen of stone - face executive from both company file out ... int . law firm -- conference room -- day ken kinkabe and a slew of he execs sit on one side of the massive conference table . sitting across from they be ceo ted norton , Mitch , flemming steel III , and a bevy of amalgamate exec . no one speak . it 's a corporate staredown . then the mediator , erin walsh , 50' , enter , all business : 95 . erin walsh thank you all for come . my name be Erin walsh and I will be mediate you claim today ... Mitch make the " I be gonna slit you fuck throat " gesture to Ken kinkabe , who recoil , what the ...: dissolve to : int . side room -- later the mediation have break into two separate room . the amalgamate team sit in they shirtsleeve , wait in tense silence . paper litter the table . they have be here a while . a large tray of sandwich sit half - eat on the sideboard . Mitch jam the last piece of a ham sandwich into he mouth , swallow it , and hold up he hand , victorious ! mitch 14 ! 14 sandwich and 9 diet slice 's ! pay up , cocksucker ! a exec give he a 5 dollar bill . Mitch wave it in the air and hum the Olympic theme song . flemming just glare at he like , you be so fire . then the mediator enter . erin walsh kinkabe agree in principle to the term of the sale , and valuate you company at 725 million dollar . this be they last and final offer . I will be outside . she exit . ceo Ted norton look at flemming , intense . flemming steel III it 's a fair deal . I do not think we will get much more out of they ... the other exec all nod . then Mitch burrrrp : mitch fuck that , dude , you can do better . ceo ted norton I beg you pardon ? flemming steel III shut you mouth , lockwood --! 96 . mitch look , this be just like when you be try to fuck a jewish girl and she keep say " no , no , I do not want to , I be really drunk and you be not circumcise " but then she keep make out with you and not get out of you fiero so you know she really do want it , she just need to be nudge a bit more so she can rationalize it to herself and to she God , know what I mean ? this be just like that . everyone in the room be speechless . Mitch open another soda . mitch ( cont 'd ) Jesus I do not feel good . flemming steel III how be this ... at all ... like that ? mitch if this be really they final offer , they would leave . instead , they be stick around , which mean they have more money to spend . Ted look at he exec . it 's not a terrible point ... ceo ted norton how much more do you think we can get out of they ? 10 million ? 15 ? mitch fuck it , homey , go for 100 . ceo ted norton what ?! flemming steel III do not listen to he , Ted , he be beyond reckless ! if we make too large a counter - offer , we risk drive they away . mitch enh , can not hurt to ask . you would not believe the nasty shit I get girl to do just by ask . honestly , it 's revolting . 97 . Ted look genuinely tear . he dab he sweaty brow . mitch ( cont 'd ) seriously , do anyone have a pepto ? because I be gonna throw . finally , Ted open the door and say to the mediator : ceo ted norton tell kinkabe we want a extra 100 million and that be we final offer , because we be leave . ( loudly , to he exec ) fuel the jet . let 's go . the mediator head off as the exec start pack up they briefcase , bluff . Mitch point at Ted . mitch Nice , bro . Way to show some sack . ceo ted norton you have better be right , son , or else I be most definitely fire . mitch hey , I too . Bones . he extend he fist . Ted ignore he and gather he thing . ext . downtown los angele -- a short while later Ted norton and all he exec hurry out of the building , briefcase in hand , look ashen . they head for they long line of idling limo . Ted hiss to flemming : ceo ted norton I can not believe we just walk away from 725 million dollar . flemming steel III for the record , I do not support that decision --: voice behind they Mr. norton ?! Sir ?! they turn to see the mediator jogging out of the building . erin walsh Sir , Mr. kinkabe have agree to the 825 million . the deal be close . 98 . a shocked cheer rise up from the exec ! hug and handshake all around ! Ted pump Mitch 's hand , ecstatic . ceo ted norton helluva job ! I owe you my life ! mitch fuck it . helping ridiculously rich people become even more ridiculously rich be why I go to work every day . ceo ted norton well , you be bar none the best attorney I have ever work with ! mitch I be ?! fuck , I have never really be good at anything before ... Mitch consider this a second , then laugh , proud . mitch ( cont 'd ) gimme I a hug you tiny capitalist ! Mitch hug Ted and lift he off the ground , spin he . mitch ( cont 'd ) I love you so much ... CUT to : ext . dodger stadium -- day a perfect , sunny day game at dodger stadium . Dave and sabrina take they seat behind home plate . dave ( amazed ) this be you grandfather 's seat ? sabrina yeah , my family 's be come to dodger game since they move here from Brooklyn in ' 58 . Dave look at she , he amazement only grow ... dave really ? who 's you favorite dodger ? sabrina Fernando , obviously . 99 . blown away , Dave unzip he jacket to reveal a throwback number 34 Fernando valenzuela jersey . she laugh . sabrina ( cont 'd ) no way ! dave it 's too soon to say I love you , right ? that 's against the rule ? she laugh and kiss he . sabrina you be cute . smiling , Dave look out at the perfect ball field , he arm around sabrina - he look profoundly ... existentially .. .happy . and then he iphone ring . he answer it : dave Mitch planko who the fuck be this . intercut with : district manager carla nelson sit at she desk , talk on the phone and do whippet off a can of reddi-wip ; twenty empty can litter she desk . district manager carla nelson this be carla Nelson from the Los Angeles Department of Parks . dave oh my God , hi ! Dave step away to take the call . carla do another whippet . dave ( cont 'd ) what 's .. . go on ? district manager carla nelson we find that fountain . it 's in we San pedro warehouse . Dave glance back at sabrina ... and wince , conflict : dave and ... and how long be it go to be there ? district manager carla nelson it ship out tonight for repair . 100 . dave and after that ? district manager carla nelson ( do another whippet ) no fuck clue , dude . Dave get a call waiting beep . dave right . okay , well thanks , carla . ( click over to other line ) hello ? intercut with : mitch he 's walk down the hall of he law firm , on the phone , as all of he peer step from they office , applauding he victory , slapping he on the back , shaking he hand . mitch you hear about the fountain ? dave yeah ... we should probably switch back , huh ? Mitch high - fives a co-worker . mitch sure . right . I mean ... the funny thing be ... I be just start to enjoy you life a little bit ... dave yeah , and I be just start to enjoy yours , too ... mitch really ? dave really . mitch so .. . maybe we should keep go --? dave I be so glad you say that . mitch I be so glad I say that too ! you life rock ! ( more ) 101 . mitch ( cont 'd ) I just close the amalgamate deal for 825 million dollar and for the first time ever , people actually respect I ! it 's so weird ! Word be they be go to make I partner tonight ! I love you life , dude ! dave and I love yours ! all the free time and the fun activity and I be really grow as a actor and I think sabrina might actually have intercourse with I tonight ! mitch dude , you send she flower -- she 's gonna fuck you like a crack whore on rent day . dave so , wait , what be we talk about here ? stay like this ... forever : mitch no ! course not . dave right ! that 's crazy ... beat . mitch be it though ...? Mitch bump fist with smile co-worker ... Dave watch sabrina cheer after a base hit ... dave it 's so strange , when the change - up happen , we be so focuss on switch back into we body that we do not even consider that this might be exactly what we both need ... mitch yeah , we be fuck moron . dave all right , well , see ya , Dave ... mitch take it easy , Mitch ... 102 . they both hang up , surprised smile on they face ... smash CUT to : a deafening thunder-clap rain blanket Los Angeles that night . it 's a epic storm ... int . CUT restaurant -- night the private back room of this upscale beverly Hills eatery be fill with the esteem partner of steel , kuhbach , mccloud , as well as Mitch , Jamie , and little Cara . everyone 's dress to the nine and enjoy fabulously overpriced food and drink . then flemming stand and ding he wine glass . flemming steel III good evening , one and all ! the room quiet as a projection screen lower behind he . flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) we be gather here tonight to celebrate the newest partner in we esteem firm . for that of you who have not have the pleasure of work with this brilliant young man , we have prepare this short , mildly embarrassing presentation to introduce he . please , enjoy ... Mitch look at Jamie , who smile conspiratorially . behind the table , gladys turn on a projector . some dido song play as , on the screen , we start to see photo from Dave 's life ... flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) David Andrew lockwood be bear on February 1st , 1974 , in palmdale ... shot of Dave as a baby appear . everyone awww 's . Jamie take Mitch 's hand ... flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) Dave be a sweet , diligent , hard - work little boy ... a shot of boyhood Dave in a very dorky 70 's Little League outfit flash onto the screen ... flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) in high school , Dave belong to over 17 club and team , and graduate first in he class ... 103 . shot play of Dave in 80' high school apparel , argue for the debate team , wear a goofy beret at french Club , etc ... everyone laugh . Jamie smile at Mitch , only he look a little troubled : this be not my life ... flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) after win a full scholarship to Princeton , Dave amazingly graduate in just three year ... a shot of college - age Dave get he diploma appear ... flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) and , after graduate from Yale Law School with high honors , Dave clerk for justice souter on the United States Supreme Court ... a shot of young Dave talk with justice souter play ... around the table , the partner murmur , impressed . Mitch grow increasingly uncomfortable , shifting in he seat ... flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) shortly after , Dave return west to marry he lifelong best friend , Jamie Anne Johnson ... shot roll of Dave and Jamie on they wedding day , laugh . Jamie squeeze Mitch 's hand , a happy mist in she eye . Mitch frown : this be not my wife ... flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) Cara come along first , follow by the twin , Peter and Sarah ... shot of Dave , wear scrub , happily hold he various newborn baby in the hospital flash onto the screen ... Cara lean over to Mitch and whisper : cara look , daddy , it 's you and I ! Mitch force a tight smile , right ... flemming steel III and somewhere along the way , we be lucky enough to find he ... 104 . shot roll of Dave as a lawyer , swear in at the bar , argue in court , and , finally , celebrate today 's victory . the image fade as the light in the room slowly rise ... flemming steel III ( cont 'd ) industrious . ambitious . honorable . they be true of he then , they be even more true of he now . it be my distinct honor to introduce we newest partner , David lockwood . the room break into heartfelt applause . partner huzzah ! huzzah : Mitch squirm , hat this ... Jamie lean over to he : jamie I be so proud of you , baby . you work so hard for this ... Mitch wince , know just how wrong she be . all around he , the partner stand , applauding . Mitch stand , a bit dizzy . mitch I - I be sorry ... I just ... he hurry off towards the bathroom . everyone look confuse . CUT to : int . mitch apartment -- night rain pour down outside . then Dave and sabrina , soaking wet in they dodger gear , run into the apartment . sabrina oh my god , I be soaking -- ( take in barren apartment ) wait , be you a single guy ? Dave laugh and throw she a towel from the bathroom . she start drying she hair . sabrina ( cont 'd ) I need a beer and some dry clothes . when Dave pass she , though , she stop he , and start kissing he ... 105 . sabrina ( cont 'd ) or maybe ...mmm ... maybe just a beer . CUT back to : int . CUT restaurant -- men' room -- night Mitch stand in the restaurant 's upscale men' room , stare at himself in the mirror , lose ... mitch what be I do ...? this be not my life ... voice good evening , Mr. lockwood ... he spin to see gladys in the doorway , vamp , sexy ... mitch oh no . gladys , not now -- gladys ( approach , coy ) I be not wear any bloomer ... mitch I think we talk about not use that word -- wham ! she throw he against the bathroom wall and start aggressively undress he . gladys what 's bother you , Mr. lockwood ? mitch look , gladys , I love bathroom sex as much as the next guy , but -- she spit in he face , crazy - eye . gladys tell I what' bothering you ! mitch ( wiping face , a bit scared ) o- okay ? well , I guess what 's bother I be ... I do not earn any of this , you know ? gladys rip open he shirt and start lick he chest downward until she disappear out of frame . 106 . mitch ( cont 'd ) and I know what you be think : Mitch , not earning thing never use to bother you , why do it bother you now ? and the answer be : maybe I be grow up . we hear the sound of he pants unzipping ... mitch ( cont 'd ) I mean , sure , I close the deal today , and that feel good , but I do not put in all the year of hard work that get Dave to this point , you know ? plus , that be not my adorable kid , that 's not my beautiful wife , you be not even my freaky deaky old lady secretary . I want to earn this stuff -- just then flemming steel III blows in -- and stop cold : flemming steel III good GOD man ! go wide to see that gladys be in the reverse wheelbarrow position , she palm on the bathroom floor , she foot against the bathroom wall , with Mitch between she leg , he pants around he ankle . Mitch see he boss -- and freeze . mitch uh oh . flemming steel III the reverse wheelbarrow ?. Mitch and gladys disengage and straighten themselves . mitch Sir , it 's not my fault --! flemming steel III have you forget everything you learn in law school ?! you can not screw a direct hire ! how can we possibly make you a partner now ?! you be completely expose --! we hear a gasp from the doorway . everyone turn to see Jamie -- she 's hear the whole thing . Mitch quickly zip he pants . 107 . jamie I think you might be have a affair ... but not with gladys : gladys age-ist . mitch Jamie , you gotta believe I , this woman be a predator --! jamie you know what ? no . I can not do this anymore . I want you out of the house by the time the kid wake up . mitch Jamie --! too late . she run off , choke back tear ... ext . CUT restaurant -- night fasten he belt , Mitch sprint out of the restaurant , desperate -- but Jamie be already squealing away in she car . mitch fuck ! fuck ... he stand in the rain , overcome with self - loathing ... CUT to : int . mitch apartment -- night Dave , in dry clothes , sit on he couch , happily drink a beer and watch sportscenter . he call into the bedroom . dave you find anything that fit ? then sabrina appear in the doorway , wear one of he old tee shirt - and panty .. . and nothing else ... she 's unreal ... sabrina this be all I could find ... dave ( wide - eyed ) Holy shit . as she bend over to dim the lamp , she tee shirt ride up -- expose she perfectly tan , arched back ... 108 . dave ( cont 'd ) ( hyperventilate , to himself ) please do not come , please do not come -- and then he stop short . on sabrina 's lower back be a cute tramp stamp tattoo of a butterfly . dave ( cont 'd ) oh my God : a many-spotted skipperlinq ... and everything come rush back . his family . his wife . his entire life . he look overcome with emotion ... sabrina notice as she slide onto the couch with he . sabrina be everything okay , baby ...? dave yeah , no , I just ... Dave rub he temple , overwhelm ... dave ( cont 'd ) I can not do this . sabrina why not --? just then the door fly open and jamie storm inside soaking wet , hysterical , she mascara run all over . jamie Dave be cheating on I ! Dave quickly cover he hard - on with a pillow . dave no I be not ! I be so not ! jamie how could you lie to I , Mitch ?! we have know each other for --! then Jamie see scantily - clad sabrina and stop . jamie ( cont 'd ) oh. 109 . sabrina ( covering herself ) who be this chick ?! dave ( stammer , point ) umm ... she 's ...uh... this just get very complicated ... jamie I be sorry -- I be Jamie , the wife of one of Mitch 's friend . sabrina wait , Jamie lockwood ? Dave 's wife ? jamie you know the prick ?! sabrina yeah , we work together . he cheat on you ? jamie yes , with he secretary , gladys ! dave what ?! sabrina of all the woman in the office , he pick she ?! slightly awkward beat . dave look , Jamie , I do not know about gladys , I swear . but I be sure she mean absolutely nothing to Dave --! jamie no ! no more excuse ! the next time you see my asshole husband tell he that I will never . ever . take he back , you get that ?! Dave nod quickly , terrify . jamie ( cont 'd ) sabrina ! it be nice to meet you ! 110 . barely hold it together , Jamie wheel and exit , slamming the door behind she . Dave just stand there , holy shit ... CUT to : int . dave' house -- kitchen -- night Mitch sadly pack child 's snack and capri Sun 's into a duffel bag in the darken kitchen , hat himself . then : cara daddy ? Mitch turn to see Cara , small and fragile in the doorway . cara ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? mitch oh , angel , it 's nothing . I be just go away for a little while ... cara why ? mitch it 's ... confusing grow - up stuff -- cara try I . mitch o- okay ? well . I be leave because I be a fuck up . do you know what a fuck up be ? cara ( nodding ) like uncle Mitch . mitch right . right . well , I think this time be different , you know ? I think I actually do something right for once . but no , I be still the same old fuck up I have always be . only this time I really fuck fuck up , because I fuck up my life and my best friend 's life ... Mitch zip up he bag , full of regret -- and find Cara hugging he leg . cara I do not think you be a fuck up . he crouch down and look at she , get choke up ... mitch thanks , sweetie , but you brain be the size of a radish . I be a fuck up . I always have be , and I always will be . guy like I , we know how to have fun , but we do not know how to do the important stuff , you know ...? be good , okay , kiddo ? she nod , confuse . he kiss she head and exit , emotional . CUT to : int . BMW station wagon -- night the rain still pour down . Jamie , tear streaking she face , drive home in stop- and - go traffic . then , through she side window , we see Dave sprinting alongside she car , wave ! dave jamie ! not see he , she accelerate forward and Dave disappear from view . . .until she stop , and Dave catch up again : dave ( cont 'd ) jamie ! still not see he , Jamie accelerate onto the 101 freeway where the stop-and - go traffic move only slightly faster . Jamie continue quietly crying to herself ... then we see dave running along the shoulder of the 101 in the drive rain , wave he hand and yell ! dave jesus jamie ! look right ! finally , she glance over , see Dave -- and startles : jamie Mitch ? 112 . dave please pull over before I die ! Jamie , stunne , pull onto the shoulder and stop . a second later , Dave hop into the car , soaking wet and panting . jamie what be the matter with you ?! dave look , I know I have not be a very good husband or father recently ... jamie what be you talk about --? dave but I be do look over the fence for something better . I have see what 's on the other side , and it 's great . . .and young ... and supple ... but it 's not you . and the truth be there will always be another fence with shinier toy on the other side , but the only way to be happy be to say fuck the fence and just appreciate what you have , you know ? find the fun with what you get ... jamie o-okay ? dave I be so sorry I stop appreciate you , pumpkin . I love you . and I love we weird little kid . and I can not believe I ever think that be not enough . jamie why ... be you call I pumpkin ? and then he kiss she . she resist -- jamie ( cont 'd ) Mitch --?. but he hold she firm . and soon she 's kissing he back , confuse and overwhelm and cry ... it 's emotional and intense for he , too . they finally separate , but remain inch apart , breathe hard . 113. Jamie stare into he eye , amaze : jamie ( cont 'd ) Dave ? Dave nod . Jamie squint , try to understand . jamie ( cont 'd ) but ...how ? Dave shake he head , I do not know ... jamie ( cont 'd ) so ...then ... Mitch be the one ... with gladys ? Dave nod again . Jamie look relieved ... then she stop . jamie ( cont 'd ) wait , so who be that hot young thing back in the apartment ? dave nothing happen , I swear . jamie okay . but - we be go to need to talk about this . dave yes. totally . jamie like , a lot . like , a-therapy - lot . dave absolutely : therapy , trust fall , the landmark Forum , eat pray Love , I will do whatever the fuck you want , Jamie , I just want you back ... she smile and kiss he again . and then again . jamie I kind of like kissing Mitch . dave yeah , I notice . I be not sure how I feel about this . jamie ( giggle , kissing he again ) so ...mmm ... so what do we do now ? 114 . Dave suddenly remember the fountain and look at he watch . dave oh shit ! we gotta go ! CUT to : ext . los angele -- night as the rain taper off , Jamie rocket through LA , run red light , skid through turn , splash through puddle ! ext . dave' house -- night Jamie and Dave squeal up to they house to see Mitch , out front , sadly try to pack a barcalounger into he Ferrari . dave Mitch ! get in ! mitch Dave ? dave get in ! mitch ( squinting inside car ) be that Jamie ? jamie get in the fuck car , dipshit ! Mitch , terrify , sprint to the car and hop in . int . jamie' station wagon -- night Jamie race through LA at 80 mph . Dave sit shotgun , and Mitch sit in the back , wide - eye , scared : mitch so , um , be you guy drive I to the desert to kill I ? dave no. Jamie know about the change - up . we be all good . jamie it suddenly make a lot more sense why you spend so much time rub my breastfeed cream onto my boob every night . 115 . dave really , dude ? mitch I be just ... try to be helpful . jamie oh , and what about that time you --? dave you know what ? I do not want to know ! let 's just hope we get to the warehouse before they ship off we fountain ... off Dave 's concerned look we CUT to : ext . san pedro -- establishing -- night the Port of Los Angeles never sleep . huge diesel crane load and unload freighter as tractor trailer thunder to and for . ext . warehouse row -- night the street be line with warehouse . beat . then Jamie skid around the corner , Tokyo drift-style , in she station wagon ! dave ( o.s. ) there it be ! Jamie screech up to a warehouse label L.A. department of park ; she , Mitch and Dave pile out of the car and run into the immense warehouse where they sprint down the tower aisle , past park sign , swingsets , jungle gym -- and finally , fountain . dave ( cont 'd ) there ! four workmen pack the fountain of metis into a large wooden crate for transport . Jamie , Mitch and Dave run over to they . mitch wait ! stop ! the workmen stop pack the fountain , confuse . dave we ... we need that fountain . 116 . workman # 1 you .. .need this fountain ? mitch yes . we have to pee in it . dave it 's a magic fountain . the workmen just look at they , deadpan . then Dave reach into he wallet and start pull out cash -- smash CUT to : mitch and dave stand side by side at the fountain with they pants down around they ankle . Dave start peeing . Mitch do not . Dave hiss at he : dave come on , open the floodgates ! mitch I can not pee with they watch ! pan over to the workmen , stand nearby , look at Mitch and Dave like they be total freak . dave well I can not keep go forever ! Mitch tilt he head back and quietly sing to himself : mitch the sun be shine all the time , look like another perfect day , I love l.a . we love it ! I love l.a ... dave be you sing Randy Newman --? then we hear a second stream of pee hit the fountain . mitch oh thank god . dave okay , quick , we have to hug ! mitch ( glance back at workmen ) do we , though ? 117 . dave yes , we have to do everything exactly the same ! come on ! as they scootch together and put they arm around each other , Mitch call over to the workmen : mitch just so you know , this be not gay ! we penise be not even touch --! dave come on : " I wish I have my old life back " on three ! one , two : mitch dave I wish I have my old life I wish I have my old life back ! back ! just then a thunder clap crash outside the light in the warehouse flicker . Dave and Mitch finish pee and slowly zip up , exchange a worried look ... dave you think it work ? mitch how the fuck should I know ? ( wave to workmen ) thank you ! have a pleasant evening ! CUT to : peaceful black stillness then we hear a baby scream bloody murder . then we hear a second baby join in , even more shrill than the first . finally , we hear the worst two word a parent can ever hear : jamie ( o.s. ) you turn . followed by : dave ( o.s. ) yes ! Dave turn on the light , rush over to the mirror , and touch he face , overjoy , clearly back in the right body . 118. dave ( cont 'd ) oh thank God . thank god. pumpkin , it work ! I be back ! jamie ( groggy , half - asleep ) great , go feed the fuck baby . she roll over and go back to sleep . he grin and run out . int . nursery -- night Dave cheerfully sing as he change Sarah 's diaper . dave you just vomit on my hand but I love yooooou ... int . hallway -- night Dave bounce down the hallway , a twin in each arm , scream into each of he ear and take turn kick he ball ... and he 's grin . in fact , he could not look happier . CUT to : int . mitch apartment -- morning Mitch slowly wake up in he empty apartment . he stare at the blank wall , a little bum ... then he startles when sabrina roll over , look ravish . sabrina last night be weird . mitch be not it ? sabrina so ... be you ever go to have sex with I ? mitch ( slowly smiling ) yes . yes I be . int . dave' house -- day Jamie be clean up the toy in the live room -- when Dave nuzzle up to she from behind , seductive . 119 . dave the twin be down for they nap , Cara be watch the backyardigan ... Jamie raise she eyebrow , oh ? jamie it 's Tuesday ... dave I know . jamie it 's Tuesday morning . dave tuesday , wednesday , morning , late night , I be like denny 's , baby , I be open 24 - 7 . she laugh , and he scoops she up and head upstairs ... dissolve to : ext . dave' neighborhood -- day later the sun set over LA . the music in the air and the car lining the street tell we that Dave be host a party ... ext . dave' house -- backyard a " congrat on getting a job , mitch ! " banner hang from the swingset . kid race about as adult drink , eat , and mingle . Dave , in jeans and a tee shirt , work the barbecue and talk to Mitch , in a jacket and tie , as he adjust he crotch : mitch I still can not get use to the whole underwear thing . it 's such a superfluous layer -- just then cara run up and hug she dad . cara hi daddy ! dave sugar-bug ! mitch how 's my favorite ballerina ?! 120 . Cara turn , take Mitch 's hand , and flip he onto he back . cara I be not a ballerina anymore , bitch . she race off . Mitch painfully pull himself to he foot . mitch Jesus fuck Christ ... Dave see sabrina , look angelic in a sundress , chat with a circle of guest on the patio . dave so. how 's it go with sabrina ? mitch great . we just celebrate we two week anniversary . dave wow . good for you . Mitch nod , proud , I know . swig he beer . mitch you think she 's fuck Fernando valenzuela ? we see that the man she 's talk to be , in fact , dodger great fernando valenzuela , in a pimp - out white suit . dave maybe . mitch I be oddly okay with it . dave I can not believe they be family friend . mitch I know . she really be perfect -- just then tatiana and kiefer sutherland approach , wheeling she newborn daughter in a pram . kiefer sutherland I gotta go feed she baby , but congrat on you new gig , bro . 121. mitch thanks , kiefer . see you guy . Mitch kiss tatiana on the cheek and they head off . mitch ( cont 'd ) it 's creepy that kiefer sutherland be like way into other people 's baby , right ? dave oh yeah . Dave flip the burger . mitch thanks again for hook I up with the job at amalgamate , man . dave hey , the ceo owed I a favor ... mitch I think I be really go to crush it in corporate America . dave I think so too . just then , mitch dad approach . mitch , sr . I be head out . thanks for have I . Mitch , sr. pull he son into a emotional hug . mitch , sr . ( cont 'd ) I love you , Mitch . mitch I love you too , dad . they break apart . Mitch , sr. head off . then he stop . turn . mitch , sr . hey Mitch ... Mitch turn . mitch , sr . ( cont 'd ) I be real proud of you . 122. Mitch nod , try not to show how much this mean to he . Mitch , sr. , head off . Mitch and Dave stand side by side , reflective ... dave be it weird that I miss you penis ? mitch not really . smash to black .