the producer _____________ by mel brook March , 1967 int . day . hallway outside of max bialystock's office . close - up of little old lady . she blow a kiss and wave good - bye . CUT to close - up of max bialystock . he respond with similar gesture . camera pull back to full shot . legend on frosted glass of bialystock's office door read : max bialystock - theatrical producer little old lady begins to descend stairway . she stop , turn , blows another kiss and once more wave goodbye . bialystock graciously answer in kind . bialystock do not forget the checkee . can not produce playee without checkee . little old lady you can count on I -o , you dirty young man . camera back to bialystock's face frozen in a little goodbye smile . the little old lady footstep . begin to fade . bialystock's face quickly resume its normal expression -- despair and disgust . he then reach into he vest pocket , pull out a old - fashioned , pocket watch and earnestly consult its face . camera stays with he as he rush into he office . bialystock move with a quick shuffling gait to he desk . from the top of it he pick up a framed photograph . camera insert : close - up of photograph . it be face of little old lady who have just left . camera back to bialystock . he open desk drawer . it be filled with tagged keys . he pick up a key . camera insert : tag on key read : investor file . camera back to bialystock . with photograph in hand , he move across he office to a large , double - doored cabinet . he unlocks cabinet . camera show cabinet interior filled with hundred of similarly framed photograph of little old lady . camera back to bialystock . he place photograph in its proper niche and begins to look through the face . camera slowly pan rows of photograph , bialystock be p.o.v. 2 . bialystock ( Voice over ) " hold I , touch I ' , ' hold I , touch I ' , ' hold I , touch I ' , where be ' hold I , touch I ' ? ahhh ... here we be . ' hold I , touch I . ' " camera stop panning and remains on one of the photograph . bialystock's hand move into the frame and pick up photograph . camera move in to close - up of photograph dissolve through to matching close - up of same face we have just see in photograph . camera pull back to reveal little old lady in rear seat of limousine . exterior . day . camera keep moving back to exterior of limo as it move along through new york' theatrical district . long shot . 45 th STREET . same limousine pull up in front of one of the theatres that line the block . medium shot . chauffeur briskly hop out , and smartly open rear door . the little old lady emerge . she lower her veil and furtively duck into the build entrance . int . medium shot . dilapidated theatre office build . the little old lady enter . she raise her veil , chuckle gleefully , and begins to ascend the stair . medium shot . upon reaching the landing , she spot the first little old lady coming down . she quickly drop her veil . the first little old lady discreetly hide her face with her purse as they pass each other on the landing . dissolve to FOURTH floor landing . the little old lady make her way to the top . she hang onto the banister for support as she catch her breath . she raise her veil , reach into her purse , take out a SMALL flacon of perfume and sprays delicately behind both ear . thoroughly composed , she approach bialystock's door . she rap on the door three time in quick succession , wait a moment , rap twice and then three time again . suddenly the door be flung OPEN . medium shot . max bialystock bialystock ( leer ) darling ! 3. medium shot over bialystock's shoulder . little old lady . little old lady ( passionately ) hold I , touch I . CUT to two shot . bialystock clutch the little old lady in a passionate embrace . bialystock Devil woman . freeze action . super-impose first credit : zero mostel . resume action . the little old lady giggle joyously and then slip from bialystock's grasp , dart into the office and duck behind the couch . she pop her head up . little old lady finder 's keeper . freeze action . super -impose : title of film resume action . bialystock here I come , ready or not . bialystock leap through the AIR toward the couch . freeze-action . credit . resume action . bialystock land badly . he writhes in pain . little old lady coquettishly crawl to he . little old lady what 's the matter ? papa no want to play with baby ? bialystock ohhhhhh . freeze-action . 4. credit . resume action . bialystock reach out for her . she elude he , dart into a chair , cross her leg seductively , raise her skirt just above her knee revealing a golden rose and garter . freeze-action . credit . resume action . bialystock struggle to he feet . bialystock come to papa . come to papa do . little old lady leap out of her chair and pose , coyly . little old lady to the victor go the spoil . bialystock start for her . she rush around a chair and duck behind it . bialystock tiptoes on to chair and peek over it . bialystock I be gonna get you . freeze-action . credit . resume action . CUT to little old lady wedged between desk and back of chair . she straighten her legs and send the chair hurtling across the room . close - up of bialystock's face : terror . freeze-action . credit . resume action . bialystock crash into radiator . bialystock ohhhhhhhh . 5 . CUT to little old lady . she be lying phone on the desk , preening herself and purring . little old lady meeow . meeow . I wonder where Old Tom be tonight ? meeow . bialystock , with great will , push the hate out of he face and replace it with sweetness . bialystock rowrrr . bialystock glide in tom - cat fashion over to he preening pussy -cat . freeze-action . credit . resume action . bialystock finishes crossing to desk , put he face down near hers and softly mews into her ear . she suddenly lets out a fierce howl as she rebuff he with a savage swipe of her " paw " . bialystock grab he stricken face with both hand and shriek . bialystock aieeeeyiyiyiyiyi , close - up of bialystock's pain -ridden feature . stop action . credit . resume action . bialystock fall into the chair moaning . she hop on to he lap . from he breast pocket she take a handkerchief and tenderly dab he cheek with it . little old lady oh , bialy , bialy , darling , do I hurt you ? freeze-action . credit . resume action . 6 . bialystock my hand . my hand . I can not turn my hand . ( he turn he hand ) there be a rapping at the door . we hear it , they don 't . little old lady ( take he hand ) do not worry . I will kiss it and make it well . ( she smother he hand with kisser ) bialystock ( try to rescue he hand ) enough . it 's better . please , lambchop , it 's better . stop . you be hurt it again . CUT to door . it open . leo bloom enter . bloom ( he forward motion arrest by the unbelievable scene ) how do you do . I mean ... Excuse I ... I mean ... bialystock you mean ooops , do not you ? say ooops and get out . bloom I will wait in the hall ... bialystock oooooooops ! bloom ( back out of door ) ooooooops . little old lady hop off bialystock's lap and goe to door . little old lady I can not abide a peeping Tom . there 's one in the apartment just opposite my bedroom window . I swear that man never take he field glass off I for a minute . 7. she lock door and start back toward bialystock . little old lady feeling better ? bialystock nods he head in assent . little old lady good . let 's fool around . now , I will be the innocent little milk may and you will be the naughty stable boy . ( she go into she act ) oh , this milk be so heavy . I will never reach the house . help . will someone help I ? bialystock ( stop she ) wait . wait . we can not play today . I have too many appointment . little old lady ( crush ) we can not play today ? bialystock Thursday . Thursday . we will play Thursday . we will play the contessa and the chauffeur . little old lady oh , the best one . bialystock ( try to steer she towards the door ) until Thursday , then , contessa mio . little old lady ( she sit on the sofa ) oh , bialy , please , just a little . just a little . bialystock ( harass ) all right . all right . he squat down in front of her in chauffeur fashion , he hand on the wheel . 8. little old lady so , the Count hire you this morning , rudolfo ... watch the road ... watch the road . bialystock I can not take my eye off you . how can I drive when you drive I mad . mad . little old lady ( she squeal with delight ) rudolfo , you dirty pig ! pull over . bialystock ( upright ) good . that 's enough . we will do the rest on Thursday . ( he reach down and help she off the couch ) that 's a good girl . ( lead she to the door ) it 's always such fun to see you . bialystock open the door and usher her out onto the landing . CUT to hallway . far shot . revealing bloom waiting outside . we see he . they do not . bloom , very embarrassed , hug the wall try to make himself less conspicuous . medium shot . bialystock and the old lady in front of bialystock's door . bialystock until Thursday , then , you bawdy wench . he slap her on the rump . little old lady oooh . I love it . hold I , touch I . CUT to bloom in shadow , aghast . back to medium shot little old lady and bialystock . bialystock Thursday . I will see you Thursday . little old lady and we will finish play the contessa and rudolfo . 9 . bialystock good . yes. Thursday . little old lady and after that we will play the abduction and cruel rape of lucretia ... and I will play lucretia . CUT to bloom in shadow . it be all too much for he . he look the other way . suddenly he eye widen in surprise , as he discover another man hiding in the next doorway . the man put a finger to he lip indicating silence . there be no place left for bloom to look . he look to heaven . back to little old lady and bialystock . little old lady oh , Thursday . will Thursday ever come ? bialystock ( to himself ) like clockwork . she start to descend . little old lady I shall count the minute . bialystock Goodbye , my angel ... my angel ! ( call after she ) hey , touch I ... wait ! hey , uh ... lucretia , lucretia ! we hear a mounting clatter of footstep as the little old lady fly back up the stair . little old lady ( eagerly ) yes ??? bialystock oh , angelcake , you forget to give I the check . can not produce a play without money , ha , ha , ha . CUT to bloom . once more he steal a glance at the stranger hidden in the second doorway . once again the man gesture for he to be silent . CUT back to bialystock and the old lady . 10 . little old lady ( open she handbag and reach inside ) of course , the check , I have it with I all the time . she take out the check and hand it to he . little old lady I do not know what 's happen to I . I must be get old . bialystock take check and read it . little old lady be it all right ? I make it out to cash . you do not tell I the name of the play . bialystock oh , it 's fine . fine. good. good. bye. bye . little old lady til Thursday , my darling , I shall count the minute . she start to descend . little old lady ( descend ) ta. ta. bialystock ( wave check at she ) ta. ta. the man , who have be lurking in the second doorway , suddenly spring into action . he dart forward and quickly take the check out of bialystock's hand . the man ( landlord ) he who sign a lease , must pay rent . he shove the check into he pocket and start down the stair . landlord that 's the law . bialystock murderer ! thief ! how can you take the last penny out of a man 's pocket ? 11 . landlord ( turn back , shrug ) I have to ... I be a landlord ! bialystock ( shouting to heaven ) oh Lord , hear my plea . destroy he . he maketh a blight on the land . CUT to landlord on the way down . landlord ( to the Lord ) do not pay attention . he 's crazy . CUT back to bialystock . he turn to re-enter he office . bialystock ( bite he knuckle ) nnnnn . that hurt . ( he sigh ) I will have to make another call . he start in and stop . he notice bloom . bialystock ( to Bloom , quietly ) have you be there all this time ? bloom nods . bialystock and do you see and hear everything ? bloom nods . bialystock then what do you have to say for yourself ? bloom uh ... uh ... ooooooops ? bialystock ( shout ) who be you ? what do you want ? why be you loitering in my hallway ? speak , dummy , speak ! why do not you speak ? bloom scare . can not talk . 12 . bialystock all right . get a hold of yourself . take a deep breath , let it out slowly and tell I who you be . bloom ( breathes deeply . word tumble from he mouth as he exhales ) I be Leo Bloom , I be a accountant , I be from whitehall and Marks , I be send here to do you book and I be terribly sorry I catch you with the old lady . ( he have run out of breath ) bialystock " caught you with the old lady . " come in , Mr. tact . CUT to office . they enter . bloom enter timorously . he doesn't know quite where to go . he look to bialystock for guidance . bialystock study bloom curiously from head to toe . bialystock so you be a accountant , eh ? bloom ( timidly ) yes sir . bialystock then account for yourself ! do you believe in God ? do you believe in gold ? why be you look up old lady 's dress ? bit of a pervert , eh ? bloom , who have be quaking under the assault , reach into he pocket and take out the tatter corner of a old blue baby blanket . he twist the blue blanket nervously in he hand . bloom Sir , I ... bialystock never mind . never mind . do the book . they be in that desk over there . top drawer . 13 . bloom dutifully goe to desk . open top drawer and begins removing book . bialystock how dare you condemn I without know all the fact . bloom but sir , I be not condem ... bialystock shut up . I be have a rhetorical conversation . ( to himself ) how humiliate . Max bialystock . Max bialystock . bialystock suddenly wheel and shout at bloom . bialystock you know who I use to be ? Max bialystock ! the King of Broadway ! six show run at once . lunch at delmonico 's . two hundred dollar suit . look at I . look at I now ! I be wear a cardboard belt ! he rip the belt off and hold it in the AIR . bialystock I use to have thousand of investor begging , plead , to put they money into a Max bialystock production . he pick up the picture on desk ( 'hold I , touch I ' ) take it over to OPEN cabinet filled with similar picture . bialystock look at my investor now . voila ! ( gesture at picture ) hundred of little old lady stop off at Max bialystock 's office to grab a last thrill on the way to the cemetery . he put picture back in its place . look toward bloom . CUT to bloom . he be obviously touched by the great man' dilemma . CUT to bialystock . 14 . bialystock you have exactly ten second to change that disgusting look of pity into one of enormous respect . one ... two ... CUT to bloom . he be really try to change he expression . CUT to bialystock . bialystock do the book ! do the book ! CUT to bloom . he be greatly relieved . bloom ( sighing ) yes , sir . thank you . he plunge into he work . CUT to bialystock . he goe to window , look out . bialystock ( to himself ) window 's so filthy , can not tell if it 's day or night out there . he wipe window with he cuff . look at window . no good . look at he grimy cuff . grimace . from he desk he take the remains of a cardboard container of coffee and sloshes it against the window . he wipe with he tie . he look over he shoulder at bloom to see if he be watching . bloom be watching . there eye meet . bloom' eye retreat . bialystock victoriously turn away and look out the window down into the STREET . camera : shot of STREET . bialystock's point of view . a white roll royce slowly make its way up the block . bialystock ( voice over as camera follow roll ) look at that . a white roll royce . that 's it baby , when you get it , flaunt it . bloom ( off screen ) koff , koff ... ahem , ahem ... harrumph ... 15 . bialystock I assume you be make that cartoon noise to attract my attention . be I correct in my assumption , you fish - face enemy of the people ? bloom be wounded . bialystock I have hurt you feeling . bloom nods . bialystock good , what be it ? bloom Sir , may I speak to you for a minute ? bialystock ( look at he watch ) go ! you have fifty - eight second . bloom well , sir , it seem ... bialystock ( interrupt ) you have forty - eight second leave . hurry . hurry . bloom ( speedily ) in look at you book , I have discover that ... bialystock ( interrupt ) twenty - eight second , hurry , hurry , you be use up you time . in he anxiety , bloom unconsciously reach into he pocket take out the old blue blanket and nervously stroke he cheek with it . bloom Mr. bialystock , I can not function under this condition . bialystock curiously eye the blanket . bloom you be make I extremely nervous . 16 . bialystock what be that ? a handkerchief ? bloom quickly begins to put away he blue blanket . bloom it 's nothing ... nothing . quick as a flash , bialystock reach over and snatch it out of bloom' hand . bialystock if it 's nothing , why can not I see it ? bloom leap up in hot pursuit of he blanket . bloom ( shriek in panic ) my blanket . give I my blue blanket . bialystock , taken aback , hurriedly give the blanket back to bloom . bialystock here , do not panic . bloom ( clutching he blanket ) I be sorry ... I do not like people touch my blue blanket . it 's not important . it 's a minor compulsion . I can deal with it if I want to . it 's just that I have have it ever since I be a baby and ... and ... I find it very comforting . he kiss it and shove it into he pocket . bialystock ( to himself ) they come here . they all come here . how do they find I ? bloom ( recover he dignity ) Mr. bialystock ... bialystock yes , Prince mishkin , what can we do for you ? 17 . bloom this be hardly a time for levity . I have discover a serious error here in the account of you last play . bialystock move around the desk to examine the ledger . bialystock where ? what ? bloom accord to the backer 's list you raise $ 60,000 . but the show you produce only cost fifty - eight thousand . there 's two thousand dollar unaccount for . bialystock I go to a turkish bath , who care ? the show be a flop . what difference do it make ? bloom it make a great deal of difference . that 's fraud . if they find out , you could go to prison . bialystock why should they find out ? it 's only two thousand dollar , Bloom , do I a favor , move a few decimal point around . you can do it . you be a accountant . the word ' count ' be part of you title . bloom ( aghast ) but that 's cheating ! bialystock it 's not cheating ... it 's charity . Bloom , look at I ... look at I ! I be drown . other man sail through life . bialystock have strike a reef . Bloom , I be go under . I be be sink by a society that demand success , when all I can offer be failure . Bloom , I be reach out to you . do not send I to jail . help ! help ! 18. during bialystock's last speech , bloom unconsciously reach into he pocket , take out the blue blanket and rub it across he cheek . bloom oh dear , oh dear , oh dear , oh dear . bialystock ( faintly ) help ! bloom all right . I will do it . I will do it . bialystock thank you , Bloom . I know I could con you . bloom oh , it 's all right ... wha ? bialystock nothing . nothing . do it . do it . bloom ( pour over the account ) now let 's see , two thousand dollar . that be not much . I be sure I can hide it somewhere . after all , the department of internal revenue be not interested in a show that flop . bialystock yes. right . good think . you figure it out . I be tired . I be gonna take a little nap . ( crossing to couch ) wake I if there 's a fire . he hurl himself down onto the couch . camera move in to tight shot of bloom . bloom now let 's see , if we add this figure , we get ... camera move into close - up of bloom' finger swiftly moving down long column of figure . he come to the end and immediately writhes total below . back to tight shot of bloom . he compare page . 19 . bloom ( muse to himself ) heh , heh , heh , amazing . it 's absolutely amazing . but under the right circumstance , a producer could make more money with a flop than he could with a hit . quick CUT to bialystock's sleeping face . he eye pop OPEN . CUT back to bloom . bloom yes . yes . it 's quite possible . if he be certain the show would fail , a man could make a fortune . CUT to bialystock . by now he be halfway across the room . he whole be tingling with alertness . he move to bloom' desk and hover over he , waiting expectantly for more information . but bloom be lost in he work , unaware that bialystock be hanging on he every word . bialystock yes ??? bloom look up . he be startled to see bialystock's face so close to he own . bloom ( at a loss ) yes , what ? bialystock what you be say . keep talk . bloom what be I say ? bialystock you be say that under the right circumstance , a producer could make more money with a flop than he could with a hit . bloom ( smile ) yes , it 's quite possible . bialystock you keep say that , but you do not tell I how . how could a producer make more money with a flop than with a hit ? 20 . bloom , slightly exasperated , put he pencil down and face bialystock . he speak to bialystock as a teacher would a student . bloom it 's simply a matter of creative accounting . let we assume , just for the moment , that you be a dishonest man . bialystock assume away ! bloom well , it 's very easy . you simply raise more money than you really need . bialystock what do you mean ? bloom you have do it yourself , only you do it on a very small scale . bialystock what do I do ? bloom you raise two thousand more than you need to produce you last play . bialystock so what ? what do it get I ? I be wear a cardboard belt . bloom ahhhhhh ! but that 's where you make you error . you do not go all the way . you see , if you be really a bold criminal , you could have raise a million . bialystock but the play only cost $ 60,000 to produce . bloom exactly . and how long do it run ? bialystock one night . 21 . bloom see ? you could have raise a million dollar , put on a sixty thousand dollar flop and keep the rest . bialystock but what if the play be a hit ? bloom oh , you would go to jail . if the play be a hit , you would have to pay off the backer , and with so many backer there could never be enough profit to go around , get it ? bialystock aha , aha , aha , aha , aha , aha !! so , in order for the scheme to work , we would have to find a sure fire flop . bloom what scheme ? bialystock what scheme ? you scheme , you bloody little genius . bloom oh , no . no. no . I mean no scheme . I merely pose a little , academic accounting theory . it 's just a think . bialystock Bloom , world be turn on such thought ! bialystock start moving in on bloom . bialystock do not you see , Bloom . darling , Bloom , glorious Bloom , it 's so simple . step one : we find the worst play in the world -- a sure flop . step two : I raise a million dollar -- there 's a lot of little old lady in this world . step three : you go back to work on the book . phoney list of backer -- one for the government , one for we . you can do it , Bloom , you be a wizard . ( more ) 22. bialystock ( cont 'd ) step four : we open on Broadway and before you can say ' step five ' we close on Broadway . step six : we take we million dollar and fly to Rio de janiero . bialystock grab bloom in he arm and begins to lead he in a wild tango around the room . bialystock ( sing ) " ah , Rio , Rio by the seao , meo , myo , meo ... " bloom ( afraid of the scheme , afraid of the dance , afraid of bialystock ) Mr. bialystock . no. wait . please . you be hold I too tight . I be a honest man . you do not understand . bialystock ( lead Bloom as he talk ) no , Bloom , you do not understand . this be fate , this be destiny . there 's no avoid it . at this point , bialystock sweep bloom into a elaborate dip . bloom ( the back of he head practically touch the floor ) Mr. bialystock , not more than five minute ago , against my better judgment , I doctore you book . that , sir , be the ultimate extent of my criminal life . bialystock raise he fist to the heavens in despair . bloom , experiencing a definite lack of support , goe crashing to the floor . bialystock ooooohh ! ooooohh ! ooooohh ! ooooohh ! I want that money ! camera on bloom as he lie stricken on the floor . 23. bloom ( to himself ) oh , I fall on my key . ( he shift slightly to make himself more comfortable ) I have get to get out of here . bialystock ( angrily hover over Bloom ) you miserable , cowardly , wretch little caterpillar . do not you ever want to become a butterfly ? do not you want to spread you wing and flap you way to glory ? bialystock flap he arm like a huge predatory bird . bloom ( he eye widen in terror ) you be go to jump on I . bialystock stare at he incredulously . bloom you be go to jump on I . I know you be go to jump on I -- like nero jump on poppea . bialystock ( nonpluss ) what ??? bloom ( by now he be shriek ) poppea . she be he wife . and she be unfaithful to he . so he get mad and he jump on she . up and down , up and down , until he squash she like a bug . please do not jump on I . bialystock ( shouting and jump up and down next to Bloom ) I be not go to jump on you ! bloom ( roll away in terror ) aaaaaaaaaa ! 24 . bialystock ( hoist Bloom to he foot ) will you get a hold on yourself . bloom ( up on he foot and run for cover ) do not touch I ! do not touch I ! he run to a corner of the room . trapped ! he turn . bialystock what be you afraid of ? I be not go to hurt you ! what 's the matter with you ? bloom I be hysterical . I be have hysterics . I be hysterical . I can not stop . when I get like this , I can not stop . I be hysterical . bialystock rush to the desk . pick up a carafe of water and shoshes its content into bloom' face . bloom I be wet ! I be wet ! I be hysterical and I be wet ! bialystock in a desperate move to stop bloom' hysterics , slap he across the face . bloom ( hold he face ) I be in pain ! and I be wet ! and I be still hysterical ! bialystock raise he hand again . bloom no ! no ! do not hit . it do not help . it only increase my sense of danger . bialystock what can I do ? what can I do ? you be get I hysterical . bloom go away from I . you frighten I . ( he indicate the sofa ) sit over there . 25 . bialystock sit on the sofa . bialystock ( exasperate ) okay . I be way over here . be that better ? bloom it 's a little better , but you still look angry . bialystock how 's this ? ( he smile sweetly ) bloom good. good . that 's nice . that 's very nice . I think I be come out of it now . yes . yes . I be definitely come out of it . thank you for smile . it help a great deal . bialystock ( for want of something sensible ) well , you know what they say , " smile and the world smile with you . " heh , heh. ( to himself ) the man should be in a straight jacket . ( to Bloom ) feeling better ? bloom much , thank you . but I be a little lighthead . maybe I should eat something . hysterics have a way of severely deplete one 's blood sugar , you know . bialystock they certainly do . they certainly do . come , let I take you to lunch . bloom that 's very kind of you , Mr. bialystock , but I ... 26 . bialystock ( interrupt ) nonsense , nonsense , my dear boy . I lower you blood sugar , but least I could do be raise it a little . bloom look at he suspiciously . bialystock and I promise you faithfully , I will not discuss that silly scheme to make a million dollar anymore . bialystock dons he cape and " belasco " hat . from a rack he select a gold - topped walking stick . he goe to door , open it , and with a grand flourish , motion bloom to precede he . bialystock avanti ! bloom graciously comply . they exit . CUT to exterior . entrance of bialystock's office build . the door open . it be held by bialystock . bloom exit build into STREET . bloom ( to bialystock , who be hold door ) thank you . bialystock je vous empris . they turn up 45 th STREET and head toward broadway . bialystock reach into he pocket and count he money . he look worried . suddenly he face brightens . we see what bialystock sees . CUT to murray the blindman working 45th STREET . camera back to bialystock and bloom . bialystock drop a step behind , quickly take off he hat and fling it through the AIR . bialystock ( point to he hat ) my hat . bloom I will get it . 27 . he race after it . bialystock detour slightly toward murray the blindman , who wear a large cardboard sign with the legend : " murray the blindman . you can see . I can 't. give ! " inscribed on it . bialystock reach down into he cup and grab a fist full of coin . bialystock Murray , I be go to lunch . I take two dollar . murray the blindman okay , bialy , that make six eighty you owe I . bialystock I know . do not worry . you will get it . you will get it . murray the blindman ( tapping he way along ) well , do not forget about it . I need it . nobody understand . I be compete with giant . the Greater New York Fund . the March of dime . the Community chest . they be drive I out of business . bloom come dashing back with hat in hand . bloom ( out of breath ) I get it , Mr. bialystock . he proffers hat to bialystock . bialystock take it . bialystock thank you , Leo . and call I Max . you know , I do not let everybody call I Max . it 's only people I really like . bloom ( try it on ) okay ... Max ! and you can call I Leo . bialystock I already have . come on . bloom oh . 28 . bialystock where would you like to eat ? bloom well , Max , I do not know , Max . what do you think , Max ? bialystock quietly wince at the surfeit of max . bialystock let I see ... it 's such a beautiful day . why waste it indoors . I have get it ! let 's go to coney Island ! we will lunch at the sea shore . bloom coney Island ?? bialystock what 's the matter , Leo ? do not you like coney Island ? bloom I ... I love it . I have not be there since I be a kid . but it 's nearly two o'clock . I really should be get back to whitehall and Marks . bialystock nonsense ! as far as whitehall and Marks be concerned , you be work with bialystock , right ? bloom right . bialystock then stick with bialystock ! swish pan CUT to coney island . far shot of bialystock and bloom amidst the crowd at a custard stand . camera zoom in . two shot . bialystock ( to custard man ) we will have another round . custard man what kind now , sport ? 29 . bialystock what kind now , Leo ? bloom ( he 's loosen up ) I do not know . let 's see . we have have chocolate , vanilla , banana - let 's go green . bialystock ( to custard man ) two pistachio , my good man . custard man I be not you good man , I happen to own this establishment . ( he turn to fill the order ) bialystock everybody 's a big shot . ( turn to Bloom ) well , Leo , be you have a good time ? bloom I do not know . I think so . I feel very strange . bialystock maybe you be happy . bloom yes . that 's it . happy . well , whatta ya think of that . happy . quick dissolve to bialystock and bloom on the whip ( a coney island ride ) . they be tightly squeezed into one of the moving seat . they be between " whip " . bloom ( lick he pistachio custard . he be ecstatic ) I love it . I love it . get set . we be come to another turn . bialystock ( work , relentlessly work on Bloom ) Bloom , it can always be like this . life can be beautiful . let I show you . stick with ... they hit the turn . 30 . bialystock bialysto-o-o-o-ckk . quick dissolve to barker selling ticket in front of tunnel of love . medium shot of exit . a little boat come out . in it be a man and a woman embracing . it be followed by another . in it there be a sailor kissing a girl . boat number three come out . in it be bialystock and bloom . close in to a tight two shot . bloom be mesmerize . bialystock speak in a soft , enchanting tone . bialystock money be honey . money be honey . money can put soft thing next to you skin . silk ... satin ... woman . close - up of bloom' eye . they widen on the word " women . " quick dissolve to parachute jump . bialystock and bloom be seated in a little gondola that swing beneath a huge parachute . they be buckling themselves in . bloom but if we be catch , we will go to prison . bialystock ( sense victory , he marshal he force for the final assault ) you think you be not in prison now ? live in a grey little room . go to a grey little job . lead a grey little life . bloom you be right . you be absolutely right . I be a nothing . I spend my life count other people 's money -- people I be smarter than , better than . where 's my share ? where 's Leo Bloom 's share ? I want , I want , I want , I want everything I have ever see in the movie ! the parachute begins to ascend . we follow . bloom ( come out of it ) hey , we be go up . 31 . bialystock you bet you boot , Leo . it 's bialystock and Bloom -- on the rise . upward and onward . say , you will join I . nothing can stop we . bialystock offer he hand to bloom . bloom ( shouting at the top of he lung ) I will do it ! by God , I will do it ! bloom grab bialystock's hand and shake it firmly . bialystock this be where we belong , Leo . on top of the world . top of the world ! they hit the top . the parachute be released , they quickly plummet down . bialystock oiiiiiii !!! bloom ohhhhhhhh !!! bialystock and bloom drop out of frame . slow dissolve to bialystock's office . night . overhead shot . bialystock and bloom be bathed in a SMALL pool of concentrate light . they be down to there shirt sleeve . they be feverishly reading play manuscript . all about they be strewn coffee container , some empty , some half - filled . there be a huge pile of discarde script on the floor . CUT to tight shot of leo bloom as he read script . he look up , push he glass back and massage the bridge of he nose . bloom Max , let 's call it a night . it 's two in the morning . I do not know what I be read anymore . pull back to two shot . bialystock read , read . we have get to find the worst play ever write . 32 . bialystock turn he attention to a new script . he crack it OPEN and begins reading . bialystock hmmnn . " gregor samsa awoke one morning to find he have be transformed into a giant cock - a - roach . " in a rage bialystock fling the manuscript onto the pile of discard as he bellows : bialystock it 's good !!! camera move up and we dissolve through to medium shot of office . bialystock and bloom be thoroughly dishevele and badly in need of a shave . bloom ( mumble to himself as he read ) wait a minute , I have read this part . I be read play I read this morning . he get up , stretch , goe to window and raise shade . sunlight flood the room . he reel back as though struck . bloom good lord , it 's morning . let 's face it , we will never find it . ( he turn to face bialystock ) Max , tomorrow 's another day . today 's another day . bialystock ( off-camera . crazy little voice ) we will never find it , eh ? we will never find it , eh ? ha , ha , ha , ha , ha . CUT to bialystock . he be stand . at he feet lie a script . he dance around it , he arm fold across he chest . bialystock ( as he do a insane little jig around the script ) you can not smell it when it 's under you nose . you can not see it when it 's right before you eye . ( more ) 33. bialystock ( cont 'd ) you can not feel it when it 's in you hand , when it 's in you pocket . CUT to medium shot . bloom Max , what be it ? what be you do ? what 's happen ? bialystock I will tell you what 's happen . we have strike gold . not fool 's gold , but real gold . the mother lode . the mother lode . the mother of they all . bloom ( brighten ) you find a flop ! bialystock a flop , ha ! that 's put it mildly . a disaster ! a catastrophe ! a outrage ! a guarantee - to-close - in - one - night beauty ! he bend down , pick up the script and shake it in bloom' face . bialystock this be freedom from want forever . this be a house in the country . this be a roll royce and a bentley . this be wine , woman and song and woman . bloom snatch the script from he hand and read aloud the title . CUT to close -up . title of script . bloom ( voice over ) " springtime for hitler , a Gay romp with adolph and Eva in berchtesgarten . " fantastic ! back to two shot . bialystock and bloom . bialystock it 's practically a love letter to Hitler ! 34 . bloom ( ecstatic ) it will not run a week ! bialystock run a week ? be you kid ? this play have get to close in the first act . bloom who write it ? CUT to author be name on the manuscript : by franz liebkind . dissolve through author' name to bialystock and bloom , shave and dapper , walking down STREET in a run - down tenement neighborhood . bloom here it be -- 415 . they MARCH up stoop to number 415 . there motion be arrested by a querulous command issued in phlegmatic tone by the superintendent of the build ( a woman in her late forties ) who be leaning out of her window which be adjacent to the stoop . super who do you want ? bloom ( take aback ) I beg you pardon ? super who do you want ? no one get in the building unless I know who they want ... I be the concierge . my husband use to be the concierge . he 's dead . now I be the concierge . bialystock ( imperiously ) we be seek Mr. franz liebkind . super oh , the kraut . he 's on the top floor . apartment twenty - three . bloom thank you . they start into the build . 35 . super but you will not find he there . he 's up on the roof with he bird . he keep bird . dirty , disgusting , filthy , lice-ridd bird . you use to be able to sit out on the stoop like a person . not anymore . no sir . bird ! you get my drift ? bloom we ... uh ... get you drift . thank you , madam . super I be not a madam . I be a concierge . bialystock and bloom enter the build . CUT to franz liebkind . he be in he early forties . he be wearing , as always , a german helmet . he crouch beside a huge pigeon coop . in he left hand he tenderly hold a pigeon . in he right , a SMALL photo of adolph hitler . he show the picture to the bird . he move it back and forth until he be sure the bird be focused on it properly . liebkind ( to pigeon ) hilda , look ... look good ... hilda , you be not look . hilda , if he life , I know you will find he . he kiss the bird and toss it skyward . CUT to roof door . bialystock and bloom enter onto the roof . they look for liebkind . he be not on that side of roof . they walk around to other side . as soon as they turn the corner , they spot liebkind crouched near the coop . bloom ( quietly to bialystock ) he 's wear a german helmet . bialystock ( in a fierce whisper ) shhh . do not say anything to offend he . we need that play . ( cup he hand to he mouth and call up to the coop ) franz liebkind ? liebkind be not aware of there presence until he hear he name call . 36 . startled , he quickly flip hitler' picture under he helmet . liebkind ( he speak with a german accent ) I vas never a member of the Nazi party . I be not responsible . I only follow order . who be you ? bialystock Mr. liebkind , wait . you do not understand . liebkind vhy do you persecute I ? my papers be in order . I love my country . ( he sing ) " oh , beautiful for spacious sky , for amber vave of grain . " bialystock Mr. liebkind , wait ... liebkind ( sing ) " I be a yankee doodle dandy ... bialystock ( interrupt ) Mr. liebkind , relax , relax , we be not from the government . we come here to talk to you about you play . liebkind my play ? you mean , " springtime for ... " you know who ? bialystock yes . liebkind vat about it ? bialystock we love it . we think it be a masterpiece . that 's why we be here . we want to produce it on Broadway . liebkind you be not , as you Americans say , drag my leg , be you ? 37 . bloom no , not at all sir , we be quite serious . we want to produce you play . ( he reach into he attache case and display a legal look document ) I have the contract right here . liebkind ( look up ) oh joy of joy ! oh , dream of dream ! I can not believe it . ( he turn to the pigeon ) bird , bird , do you hear ? otto , bertz , heintz , han , wolfgang , do you hear ? ve be go to clear the fuhrer 's name . fly , fly , spread the word . he open the cage and sets the bird free . liebkind ( sing at the top of he lung ) " deutchland , deutchland , uber alle , uber alle in der vell . " bialystock and bloom look at each other in alarm . liebkind ( sing for all he 's worth ) " deutchland , deutchland ... " bloom ( shouting ) Mr. liebkind , Mr. liebkind . liebkind stop singing . liebkind vat ? bloom people can hear you . liebkind oh . ( he sing ) " I be a yankee doodle dandy , yankee doodle be my ... " listen , this be not place to talk . come ! ( more ) 38 . liebkind ( cont 'd ) we go to my flat . a occasion like this call for schnapp . dissolve to franz liebkind's apartment . liebkind have just finished pouring three glass of schnapp . he put the bottle on a tray . liebkind ( as he hand glass to bialystock and Bloom ) Mr. Bloom , Mr. bialystock . gentleman , with you permission , I would like to propose a toast to the great man that ever live . let we say he name quietly to ourselves . the wall have ear . CUT to tight shot of franz liebkind . liebkind ( a fervent whisper ) adolph Hitler . ( he downs drink ) CUT to tight shot of bloom . bloom ( whisper ) sigmund freud. ( he downs drink ) CUT to tight shot of bialystock . bialystock ( whisper ) Max bialystock . ( he downs drink ) back to scene . liebkind I vas vit he a great deal , you know . bialystock with whom ? 39 . liebkind ( astonished by the question ) vit the fuhrer , of course . he like I . out of all the household staff at berchtesgarten , I vas he favorite . I vas the only one allow into he chamber at bedtime . bialystock no kid ? liebkind oh , sure . I use to take he he hot milk and he opium . achhh , that be the day . vat good time have have . dinner party vit lovely lady and gentleman , sing und dance . you know , not many people know about it , but the fuhrer vas a terrific dancer . bialystock really , I never dream ... liebkind ( fly into a indignant rage ) that 's because you be take in by that verdampter ally propaganda . such filthy lie . but nobody say a bad vord about Winston churchill , do they ? oh no , vin vit vinnie ! ( he gesture V for victory ) churchill , vit he cigar and he brandy and he rotten painting . could not even say Nazi . he would say narzis , narzis . ve vere not narzy , have vere Nazis . but let I tell this , and you be get it straight from the horse , Hitler vas better look than churchill , he vas a better dresser than churchill , have more hair , tell funnier joke , and could dance the pants off churchill ! bialystock ( swinging along ) that 's exactly why we want to do this play . to show the world the true Hitler , the Hitler you know , the Hitler you love , the Hitler with a song in he heart . ( more ) 40 . bialystock ( cont 'd ) ( to Bloom ) Leo , quick , the contract . bloom quickly whip the contract out of he pocket , produce a pen , hand they to bialystock . bialystock spread the contract out on the table before liebkind . bialystock here , sign here , franz liebkind . and make you dream a reality . he hand liebkind the pen . liebkind refuse it . liebkind wait . no. how do I know I can trust you ? how do I know you vill present this play in the manner and spirit in vhich it vas conceive ? bialystock we swear it ! liebkind not good enough ... vould you be villing to take the siegfry oath ? bialystock yes . we would ! insert : close - up bloom . he look worried . liebkind good . I will make the preparation . liebkind leave the room . bloom ( anxious whisper ) Max , I do not want to take any siegfry oath . I do not know what it be , but I do not want to take it . we might end up in the german Army . bialystock shut up , you idiot . he 's a harmless nut . play along with he . it 's almost in the bag . liebkind enter . he be laden down with all sort of ritualistic paraphernalia . liebkind place all the STUFF on the table . without a word to they , he goe to phonograph . 41 . in a few second we hear the open strain of wagner be " ride of the valkyries . " as the music boom louder , liebkind address they . liebkind please to don you helmet . from the table they take classic wagnerian helmet ( with horn ) and place they on there head . liebkind please to light you candle . they each take a huge white candle from the table and light it . liebkind flick the light switch . now they be in the dark except for the glow of there candle . liebkind please repeat after I . I solemnly swear ... bialystock and bloom I solemnly swear ... liebkind by the sacred memory ... bialystock and bloom by the sacred memory ... liebkind of siegfry ... bialystock and bloom of siegfry ... liebkind wagner ... bialystock and bloom wagner ... liebkind nietzche ... bialystock and bloom nietzche ... liebkind bismark ... bialystock and bloom bismark ... 42 . liebkind hindenburg ... bialystock and bloom hindenburg ... liebkind the graf spee ... bialystock and bloom the graf spee ... liebkind the Blue Max ... bialystock and bloom the Blue Max ... liebkind and last , but not least , adolph ... you know who . bialystock and bloom and last , but not least , adolph ... you know who . liebkind ( salute ) Heil you know who ! bialystock and bloom ( spiritlessly salute ) Heil you know who ! liebkind good. good . now have sign the contract . bialystock good. good. ( he hand liebkind the pen ) liebkind no. no . not in ink . we will desecrate the oath . it must be do in blood . CUT to bloom' face . it be a silent oi . liebkind finger , please . 43. bialystock and bloom extend there forefingers and look the other way . liebkind prick they with the sacred safety pin , and squeezy a few drop of blood from each into the sacred vessel ( a jar cover ) . he doe the same with he own finger . liebkind ve vill sign vit this sacred qvill take from the last chicken I serve at berchtesgarten . liebkind sign . " the ride of the valkyries " reach its zenith . it echoes through the room as we fade out . fade in on bialystock and bloom as they walk up STREET away from tenement . it be late afternoon . they be both wearing swastika arm band . bialystock ( triumphantly whack the contract with the back of he hand ) there it be ... in red and white ! " springtime for Hitler , " sign , seal and deliver . ( he notice Bloom 's dour expression ) what 's the matter with you ? bloom look , I be just not wear this arm band . I do not care how big the deal be . bialystock ( placate he ) okay , take it off , take it off . they take off there arm band and toss they into a litter basket . bialystock spot a passing taxi . he whistle . it stop . bialystock ( to cab driver as he open door ) the Blue gypsy . bloom ( about to enter cab with bialystock ) why be we go to the Blue gypsy ?! 44 . bialystock ( stop Bloom from enter cab ) we be not go to the Blue gypsy . I be go to the Blue gypsy . bialystock get into cab and slam the door . he continue speak to bloom through the window . bialystock I have a rendez-vous with a lady of some mean . you see dear Bloom , phase one be complete , the play be ours . we be now enter phase two -- the raise of the money . in the day to come , you will see very little of I , for bialystock be launching himself into little - old - lady -land . ( to cab driver ) avanti ! the cab speed away . swish pan CUT to tight shot of little old lady # 3 . in her hand she hold a bubbling glass of champagne . she raise it to bialystock . pull back to two shot of bialystock and little old lady . they be seated in a corner booth of a little viennese cafe . little old lady # 3 here 's to the success of you new play . bialystock raise he glass . bialystock we play , my love . he gallantly intertwine he arm in hers in a lover' toast . it be hard to drink with arm entwined , especially if one of the arm be attached to a little old lady . the toast be a fiasco , bialystock getting most of the champagne over he vest and trouser . little old lady # 3 oh , I be sorry , bialy , do I wet you ? bialystock think nothing of it , my dear . a mere trifle . a mere trifle . do you bring you checkbook ? 45 . little old lady # 3 it 's right here in my purse and I make it out just as you tell I -- to cash . that 's a funny name for a play . bialystock think nothing of it . she snap OPEN her little bead purse , take out the check and begins to hand it to bialystock . at this moment , we be assaulted by the passionate SOUND of a crying violin . camera pull back to reveal a violinist in gypsy attire close in on the table . the little old lady be delighted by the violinist and unfortunately for bialystock stop the passage of the check as her attention be divert . bialystock cautiously reach out to snatch the check but each time that he doe , a turn in the music make the little old lady clutch her heart . bialystock be very unhappy . he quietly bring he foot from beneath the table and place it directly over the foot of the violinist . CUT to close - up of bialystock's foot poised over violinist's foot . bialystock proceeds to crush violinist's foot . CUT to violinist's face . somehow it convey to US all the misery and pain of the human condition . with eye crossed by grief , he limp to another table . bialystock quickly reach out and snatch the check . swish pan CUT to hansom cab thread its way through central park . night . CUT to interior of cab . bialystock be cozily ensconced with little old lady # 4 . bialystock ( take check from old lady ) thank you , my dear . little old lady # 4 oh , bialy , bialy , tell I again . tell I again . bialystock edna , I swear on my life , you do not look a day over sixty - five . swish pan CUT to CITY traffic . day . a taxi fill the screen . as it move out of frame , we discover bialystock and little old lady # 5 astride a red and white honda motor scooter . as they roar past the camera , bialystock shout . 46 . bialystock clear the road ! clear the road ! little old lady # 5 ( clutching bialystock fiercely ) go , bialy , baby , go ! swish pan CUT to posh park avenue apartment . night . a private concern be in progress . a thin , consumptive - looking young man finger he way through a chopin nocturne . camera slowly pan the room . seated in a semi - circle around the piano on various piece of delicate empire furniture be a austere group of elderly dignified patron of the art . suddenly a old lady shriek rend the AIR . everyone's head turn . little old lady # 6 ( slightly flustered ) go on with the concert ! go on with the concert ! it 's nothing . nothing . bialystock stare straight ahead . little old lady # 6 ( to bialystock , smile ) you dirty man . swish pan CUT to new york STREET . old fashioned limousine pull into view . the window shade be drawn . as it pass , we detect strange sound emanating from the interior . little old lady # 7 ( off camera ) tee hee , ha ha ha , ho ho , ooo , ooo , teehee hee . bialystock ( off camera , simultaneously ) heh , heh , heh . hah , hah , hah . the car drive out of frame . swish pan CUT to sculptor' atelier . day . a ancient little old lady wearing a sculptor' smock be feebly chipping away with chisel and hammer at a huge square block of marble . she make not a scratch on it . camera dolly back to reveal bialystock , her subject , stand nude , except for loin cloth , holding up a enormous globe . he be obviously atlas . 47 . little old lady # 8 ( step back to admire she work ) well , bialy , how 's it come ? bialystock it 's beautiful , alma , beautiful . ( to the heaven ) oi. swish pan CUT to live room . night . bialystock , dressed as a turkish slave , be asleep on the sofa . the room have be do in a byzantine DECOR . the strain of scheherazade softly fill the room . suddenly a whip come flashing into the frame and whack against the torso of the sleeping bialystock . shot widen to reveal ' hold I , touch I ' wielding the whip . she be dressed in a ' arabian night ' costume . hold I , touch I dance ! dance , slave ! bialystock be up in a flash and into a quick turkish time step so as to avoid the deadly lash . bialystock how 's this ? hold I , touch I faster , faster , you dog . excite I , delight I . hold I , touch I . CUT to close - up of bialystock's face as he dance . bialystock ( murmure to himself ) money be honey , money be honey . dissolve to bialystock's office . night . bialystock be seated at the desk . on one side of he be a large stack of signed investor contract . on the other a equally large pile of unsigned one . bialystock sign furiously , as bloom feed the contract to he . bloom ( hand bialystock contract ) Mrs. Sarah catheart . she own 50 % of the profit . bialystock dutifully sign . bloom take another and place it before bialystock . 48 . bloom Mrs. Eleanor biddlecombe . she also own 50 % of the profit . bialystock sign . bloom put the next one down . bloom Mrs. Virginia resnick . she also own 50 % of the profit . bialystock sign . bloom take another . bloom Mrs. alma wentworth . she own 100 % of the profit . bialystock sign . then look up at bloom . bialystock Leo , what if this play be a hit ? bloom then the Department of justice own 100 % of bialystock and Bloom . bialystock ( Bloom 's think make he unhappy ) oi . I be depressed . Leo , do I a favor . open the safe . I want to see the money . leo , humoring he , spin the combination dial on safe and open it . CUT to inside of safe . it be jammed full of neatly stacked pile of money . CUT to bialystock on he hand and knee in front of safe . bialystock ( to himself . inhale deeply ) that 's better . bialystock take out a stack of neatly fold bill . he smell it , kiss it and put it in he pocket . bloom what be you do ? bialystock I be go to buy a toy . I work very , very hard and I think I deserve a toy . 49 . bloom ( quizzically ) a toy ? dissolve to close - up , face of a gorgeous blonde , ulla . dolly back to reveal the rest of her . she be incredibly well-endowed . CUT to bialystock and bloom . there eye glued to her form . bloom that 's a toy ? bialystock yes . she 's a adult , educational toy make in Sweden for child over fifty . bloom stare at he . bialystock stop look at I like that . she 's not a indulgence . she happen to be we new receptionist . she go with we new surroundings . quickly pan posh new wall - paper , furnishings , etc . bialystock ulla , I would like you to meet my partner and associate , Mr. Leo Bloom . ulla get dag pa dig . bloom how do you do . ( to bialystock ) have you go mad ? a receptionist that can not speak English . what will people say ? bialystock they will say , " oooh , wah , wah , wah , ooh , ooh . " bloom what be she gonna do here ? bialystock I will show you . ulla , go to work . ulla ya , sur . 50 . ulla goe to phonograph and place needle on record . the drive SOUND of a twist fill the room . ulla sensuously twist , vibrate , frug , watusis and rock her body in time with music . bialystock see , it help the day go by . ulla , okay . okay . ulla stop , goe to phonograph and take needle off . bialystock go to desk . answer telephone . he pick up phone to show her . bialystock bialystock and Bloom . bialystock and Bloom . ulla ( repeat to herself as she leave ) bialystock and blum . bialystock and blum . bialystock and blum . get dag pa dig . bialystock and blum . bialystock ( to Bloom , open up a box on he desk ) hey , blum , have a cigar . bloom no thanks . bialystock take a enormous black cigar . bloom Max , maybe ... bialystock reach under he desk . presses buzzer . we hear buz SOUND in ante -room . bloom what 's that ? bialystock nothing . nothing . go on . ulla enter . goe to desk , pick up cigarette lighter , light bialystock's cigar , kiss he . 51 . ulla ( pinching bialystock 's cheek ) minute bialystock . ulla leave . bialystock Nice girl . bloom Max , as I be say , maybe we should go easy on the spend . I mean this office and everything . bialystock why ? take it when you can get it ! flaunt it , baby , flaunt it ! bloom but if something should ... God forbid ... go wrong , at least we could give they some of they money back . it would look better in court . bialystock stop talk like that , you white mouse ! nothing 's go to go wrong . as a matter of fact , today I have take step to insure total disaster . at two o'clock we have a appointment with none other than Roger De bris . bloom ( search ) Roger De bris . Roger De bris . oh yes , the director . be he good ... I mean bad ? bialystock Roger De bris be the worst director that ever live . bloom do you think he will take the job ? bialystock only if we ask he . bialystock consult he watch . 52 . bialystock come on . we would better hurry . we be late . bialystock buzy . ulla enter . bialystock call chauffeur . get car . ulla ( smile ) good. good . we go Motel . bialystock no . we go . ( he indicate Bloom and himself ) ulla you , blum go Motel . bialystock no. no Motel . get car . get car . ulla ( as she leave ) get car . get car . bialystock very nice girl . dissolve to STREET in front of chic townhouse upper sixties . day . a white roll royce limo pull up . a liveried chauffeur with SMALL latin - type mustache get out and open door for passengers . bialystock and bloom get out . bialystock ( to chauffeur ) thank you , rudolfo . bialystock and bloom climb the step to the front door . bialystock push the doorbell . we hear chime . bialystock ( whisper ) now do not let anything he do or say upset you . he 's a little peculiar . bloom what do you mean ? 53. the door open . framed in the doorway be a thin , strange looking man in a black turtleneck sweater . ( carmen giya ) he contemplate they coldly . carmen yesssssss ? bialystock I be Max bialystock . this be my associate , Mr. Bloom . we have a appointment with Mr. De bris . carmen ah , yes , you be expect . please come in . they enter the vestibule . carmen close the door behind they . carmen how do you do . I be carmen giya , Mr. De bris ' private secretary . would you be so kind as to remove you shoe . bialystock and bloom look at each other bewildered . carmen White , white , white be the color of we carpet . bialystock and bloom remove there shoe . carmen ( to Bloom indicate a rack of slipper ) now , let 's see , you be wear grey . I would suggest the crimson . they be a little vivid , but you suit be so quiet . ( to bialystock , study he mish mash attire ) why do not you ... oh , take anything . please follow I . carmen lead the way . bialystock and bloom scuff after he . we follow they down a narrow corridor line with examples of classic greek sculpture -- each one depict nude male in various pose . int : elevator . CUT to roger do bris ' boudoir sitting room . it be elegantly feminine . 54 . chaise lounge , antique mirror , louis XVI armoire and dressing table . from behind a ornate dressing screen , we hear muffled sound of discontent . do bris ( from behind screen ) I will never get into this damned thing . CUT to boudoir entrance . carmen , bialystock and bloom enter . carmen ( to De bris ) we be not alone . do bris ' head pop over the screen . he be a once handsome , now dissipate man in he late forties . do bris ah , messer bialystock and Bloom , I presume . ha , ha , ha , forgive the pun . bloom ( to bialystock ) what pun ? bialystock ( a curt whisper ) shut up . he think he 's witty . ( to De bris ) it 's good to see you again , Roger . do you get a chance to read " springtime for Hitler ? " do bris emerge from behind the screen . he be wearing a " lady windermere's fan " style dress . do bris remarkable . remarkable . a stun piece of work . bloom ( shocked , whisper ) Max ! he 's wear a dress . ( he mouth remain open ) bialystock shhhhhh . 55 . do bris ( continue ) I think it 's a very important play . I , for one , never realize that the third Reich mean Germany . I mean it 's drench with historical goody like that . do bris be suddenly aware of bloom' expression . ( bloom' mouth be still agape . ) do bris oh , dear , you be stare at my dress . I should explain . I be go to the choreographer 's Ball tonight . there 's a prize for the best costume . carmen ( smugly ) we always win . do bris ( look in the mirror ) I be not so sure about tonight . I be suppose to be the Grand duchess -- I think I look more like tugboat Annie . what do you think ? he parade back and forth , executing sharp turn like a model at a fashion show . do bris no be cruel . be brutal . be brutal . because heaven know they will . well , what do you think , Mr. Bloom ? bloom ( very embarrassed ) well , it 's ... uh ... it 's nice and long ... I mean , it 's ... uh ... uh ... where do you keep you wallet ? bialystock ( jump in ) it 's gorgeous . absolutely gorgeous . you could not have pick a better color . it bring out you eye . let 's face it , Roger , that dress be you . 56 . do bris ( he eye flash flirtatiously ) do you really think it bring out my eye ? carmen ( irritate ) we can not tell a thing without you wig . as far as I be concerned , you be only half - dress . do bris ummmm . well , if you be so worried about the wig , get it , o' wick witch of the west . carmen turn in a huff and leave to get the wig . do bris reach into CUT crystal cigarette BOX , take cigarette , tap it , and hold it for a light . bialystock ( in a whisper to Bloom ) Quick , light he cigarette . he like you . bloom nervously reach for a book of match , rip one out and strike it . it doesn't light . he tries another and another . one finally catch FIRE . he tries to hold it steady , but he be too nervous . do bris firmly place he hand over bloom' to steady the flame . do bris do not I meet you on a summer cruise ? he light the cigarette but continue to hold bloom' hand . bloom I have ... I have ... never be on a cruise . do bris oh , quel dommage . carmen enter carrying wig . he sees do bris holding bloom' hand . carmen ( snidely ) oh , I see we be get acquainted . do bris drop bloom' hand and turn on carmen . 57 . do bris how would you like to go back to teasing hair , big mouth ? bialystock Roger , do you mind if we talk a little business ? do bris please , please , that 's what we be here for . ( to carmen , who be adjust the wig ) be careful , that hurt . bialystock I think this would be a marvelous opportunity for you , Roger . up to now , you have always be associate with musical , and ... do bris yes . dopey show -girl in gooey gowns . two -three-kick-turn ! turn - turn-kick-turn ! it 's enough to make you throw up ! at last a chance to do straight drama ! to deal with conflict , with inner truth . Roger De bris present history . of course , I think we should add a little music . that whole third act have get to go . they be lose the war . it 's too depress . we will have to put something in there . ( grip by he vision ) aaahghhh ! I see it ! a line of beautiful girl , dress as Storm trooper , black patent leather boot , all march together ... two -three-kick-turn ! turn-turn - kick -turn ! bialystock that 's genius . that 's genius . Roger , I think I speak for Mr. Bloom and myself when I say that you be the only man in the world who can do justice to springtime for hitler . 58 . do bris ( in one rush ) wait a minute . this be a very big decision . it might effect the course of my entire life . I will have to think about it . I will do it . do bris extend he hand . bialystock shake it . bialystock congratulation . do bris ( to carmen ) get on the phone . send out a casting call . call every agent in town . I want to see everybody . everybody . dissolve to stage door of broadway theatre . day . sign on door read : casting today -- springtime for hitler . quick dissolve to interior of theatre . the place be a madhouse . hundred of would - be hitler fill the stage . each and every one with the fuhrer' haircut and little square mustache . there be tall hitler , short hitler , fat hitler , skinny hitler , method hitler , shakespearean hitler , all kind hitler . CUT to first row of audience . seated there , watching the bedlam , be bialystock and bloom , do bris , carmen giya and franz liebkind . bialystock ( look for the least likely Hitler ) Roger , what about that one ? the fat Hitler on the right ? do bris I do not know . I rather fancy that one . CUT to beautiful , blond , muscular , young man , who look as if he be posing for " body beautiful . " he bear not the slightest resemblance to hitler even though he doe sport a little black mustache . CUT back to bialystock . bialystock not bad . not bad . what do you think , franz ? 59 . liebkind ( very emotional ) I do not know . I do not know . for some strange reason , I be deeply move . ( he wipe away a tear ) do bris ( get to he foot ) oh , this be bedlam , bedlam . we must have some order . do bris , followed by carmen , hop to the stage and address the milling mob . do bris ( clap he hand for attention ) will all the dance hitler please wait in the wing . we be only take the sing hitler . as the dancing hitler leave the stage , carmen arrange the singing hitler so that they be in a long straight line against the back of the stage wall . carmen read out a name and the first singing hitler walk downstage to audition . except for a sporty little hitler mustache , he bear little resemblance to the fuhrer . carmen Arthur Packard . do bris hello , Arthur . tell we something about yourself . arthur packard ( in a strangulate tenor 's voice ) I be the lead tenor of the albuquerque Opera company for two season . I just finish a road tour of student prince . and last season I be up for the lead in the Broadway production of Circus man . do bris what happen ? arthur packard I do not get it . 60 . do bris what be you go to sing for we Arthur ? as arthur tell he the title of he song , do bris mouth it word for word toward he friend , carmen . arthur packard the soliloquy from carousel . from the pit the piano plays a four bar introduction . arthur packard ( sing ) my boy Bill will be strong and as tall as a ... do bris thank you . arthur shrug and leave the stage . do bris next please . carmen Jason Green . jason GREEN come downstage . he be a big , barrel - chested man . he also wear hitler -type mustache . do bris well , Jason , what have you be do lately ? jason GREEN ( in basso profundo ) for the last sixteen year , I have be touring with " naughty marietta . " do bris good . and what be you go to sing for we , Jason ? as jason tell he the song title , do bris once again mouth it word for word with he . jason GREEN " stout-heart Men . " beginning of " stout - hearted men " montage . there be a short piano introduction . 61 . jason GREEN ( sing ) " give I some man who be stout- heart man who will fight for the right they adore . " do bris ( off-camera voice ) thaaank you . dissolve to a new hitler singing ( little bald man ) bald hitler ( sing ) " show I some man who be stout- heart man and I will soon show you ten thousand more . " do bris ( off-camera voice ) thaaank you . dissolve to another hitler ( italian basso ) italian hitler ( sing ) " shoulder to shoulder and bolder and bolder they grow as they march to the war . " do bris ( voice off camera ) thaaank you . dissolve to delicate hitler delicate hitler ( sing ) " there be nothing in this world can halt or mar we plan . " do bris ( voice off camera ) thaank you . dissolve to short -haired woman hitler short -haired woman hitler " when stout - heart man will get together man to man . " 62 . do bris ( voice off camera ) thaaank you . CUT to carmen giya on stage . it be now empty . carmen well , that 's it . CUT to first row of audience . slow pan bialystock , bloom , do bris , ad liebkind . they be tire , dishevele and unhappy . bloom I think that 's enough hitler for one day . maybe we will get lucky tomorrow . bialystock you think out of all that hitler you could find just one ... liebkind it be the same thing in Germany . we look for year before we find the right Hitler . from off -stage we hear the sharp click of boot approaching . all eye turn toward the stage . from out of the wing step a young person in a leather doublet , high leather boot , and extremely long hair . it carry a guitar . until it speak , we be not sure whether it be a young man or a young woman . ( lorenzo ST . du bois ) lsd hey , man . carmen I beg you pardon . lsd be this where they be audition boomerang ? carmen ( study he coldly ) no , I be afraid you have wander into the wrong theatre . lsd ( to himself , as he start to leave ) man , freak out again . 63. bialystock ( leaping to he foot ) wait ! this be boomerang . this be boomerang . do bris ( to bialystock ) what be you say ? bialystock let 's hear he . what have we get to lose ? ( to lsd ) what 's you name ? lsd Lorenzo Saint dubois . but everybody call I lsd . do bris what have you do , lsd ? lsd six month , I be out on probation , but it 's cool now , baby . do bris I mean in show business . lsd oh , in show business . well , let 's put it this way , my next job will be my debut . do bris what do you do best ? lsd hey , man , I can not do that here , that 's what they put I away for . do bris oh , sing . sing ! lsd hey , baby , that 's where they put I , sing - sing . how would you know that , you be up ? do bris ( a little hysterical ) sing a song ! just sing a song ! 64 . lsd here 's a little thing I think you be go to see on the chart any day . I write it last night in my sleep . it 's a hindu Zen folk rock ballad . lsd sing " I 'm the victim of a multi - mystic freak -out . " the song be gear to the au courant " raga rock " beat . phrase such as , " connect with the infinite " and " turn on the world . " lorenzo finishes the number . CUT to bialystock , bloom , liebkind and do bris . they be stunned . bialystock be the first to recover . bialystock ( shouting ) that 's we Hitler ! liebkind ( howl of despair ) vaaaat ??? bialystock ( quickly ) franz , do not you see , Hitler be a man of he time . this be a man of he time . liebkind but he have long hair ! bialystock do not look at the outside , look at the inside . it 's the inner Hitler we be after . the young beautiful Hitler , who dance he way to glory . liebkind I do not know . I do not know . do bris ( he have be study lsd intensely ) could be a exciting piece of off - beat casting . of course , we would have to do something about that coiffure . liebkind but he 's so crazy , he 's so sloppy , he 's so ... so ... american ! 65 . bialystock franz , trust I . I promise I will not let you down . liebkind all right , but remember , if you damage the fuhrer 's reputation , I kill you . dissolve to marquee of broadway theatre . marquee read : open tonight - springtime for hitler . directed by roger do bris . pan down to theatre entrance . the sidewalk be choked with open nighter , all aglitter in diamond , fur and elegant tuxedos . luxurious black limousine pull up to the curb , deposit there rich content , the majority of which be little old lady . CUT to lobby . there in the midst of the swirling confusion stand bialystock and bloom in there open night tail . bialystock be resplendent in a black silk cape , line in crimson satin . bloom' tail be obviously rented . they be near the ticket taker . as some of the open night " supporter " enter the theatre , they shout encouragements to bialystock and bloom . to each of the well - wisher , bialystock respond with a smile and a mumble . they get the smile , we hear the mumble . first well -wisher ( a silver - haire gentleman in he late fifty ) good luck , Max , I hope it 's a big hit . bialystock ( mumble ) bite you tongue . second well -wisher ( a little old lady ) we be gonna do it this time , bialy , I just know it . bialystock I hope you lose you bloomer . third well -wisher ( another old lady ) my prayer go with you , bialy . bialystock God forbid . 66 . CUT to limousine pulling up in front of theatre . doorman open door , assist rich couple out of car . limousine pull away . a motorcycle with side - car roar up to front of theatre . at the handlebar , beautifully decked out in tuxedo and he ever popular german helmet be franz liebkind . camera follows liebkind as he enter lobby . he make he way through the milling throng toward bialystock and bloom . liebkind ( to bialystock and Bloom , very seriously ) gentlemen , this be a very momentous moment . he click he heel and shake hand with each of they . liebkind ( to Bloom ) good luck . ( to bialystock ) good luck . he start into theatre , stop , turn back to bialystock and bloom . liebkind ( a mad gleam in he eye ) tonight , New York . tomorrow , the world ! he turn triumphantly and enter the theatre . off - camera voice ( girl ) check you hat ? liebkind ( off camera ) no !! bialystock so much for nutsy fagin . bloom ( nudging bialystock , whisper ) here come the Times Drama critic . bialystock watch closely , as bialystock drive the last nail into the coffin . bialystock amble over to the time critic , who have stop to chat with some people . 67 . bialystock always delighted to see the gentleman of the press . there you be , sir . two on the aisle , compliment of the management . ( he smile unctuously ) drama critic ( haughtily accept ticket ) thank you . here , wait a minute . there seem to be some mistake . there 's a hundred dollar bill wrap around this ticket . bialystock ( conspiratorially ) it 's no mistake . enjoy the show . drama critic ( outrage ) Mr. bialystock , just what do you think you be do ? bialystock I be bribe you . and if you play ball , there 's a lot more where that come from . bialystock wink and saunters off . drama critic ( bluster with rage ) I ... I ... I ... how dare he ! I have never be so insulted in my life ! the gall of the man ! the incredible gall of the man ! I will fix he wagon . the critic stalk into the theatre . as he pass bialystock , he contemptuously fling the hundre dollar bill to the floor . he disappear through the door . off - camera voice ( girl ) check you hat ? drama critic ( off camera ) no !! bialystock reach down , pick up crumpled dollar bill , straighten it out , put it in he pocket . 68 . bialystock ( grin like a cheshire cat ) heh , heh , heh . he will kill we . from inside the theatre , we hear the overture beginning . light in the lobby blink . bloom come on , they have start the overture . bialystock and bloom enter the theatre . CUT to reverse angle . bialystock and bloom entering darkened theatre . they take position at the back of the house . bloom extend he hand to bialystock . he intend to speak in a confident and controlled manner but what come out be a hysterical shriek . bloom ( casually shriek ) well , Max , this be it !!! he scare himself and quickly clap he hand over he mouth . bloom ( whisper ) I be sorry , I be a little nervous . bialystock relax , in two hour we worry will be over . CUT to stage . as the overture be conclude , the curtain slowly rise . on stage there be a line of girl dressed in sexy STORM trooper costume --black patent leather boot , etc . there arm be linked about one another as they dance and kick in radio CITY music hall rockette fashion . STORM trooper chorus ( sing ) Germany be have trouble , what a sad , sad story . need a new leader to restore its former glory . where , oh , where be he , who could that man be , we look around , and then we find , the man for you and I , and now its ... 69 . the STORM trooper rockettes part and from above they , descending twin staircase , we see two line of beautiful showgirl , holding huge balloon above there head . on each balloon be painted a picture of the fuhrer . everyone sing as they descend . entire chorus ( sing ) " springtime for Hitler , " etc . CUT to audience . number on stage continue . close - up of man and woman on aisle . woman ( dowager ) this be shocking ! CUT to another area of audience . another couple . man ( stuffed shirt ) outrageous ! CUT to critic on the aisle , bialystock be p.o.v. he scowls as he furiously make note . CUT to bialystock and bloom at back of theatre . they be smiling . bialystock point to couple who have left there seat and start up the aisle . bialystock ahhhhh , it 's go better than I expect . the couple come abreast of bialystock and bloom . woman ( to man as they exit theatre ) well , talk about bad taste . bialystock ( he chuckle as they leave ) come , let we repair to the bar across the street . I do not want to be catch here during intermission . we will be stone to death . they link arm and merrily MARCH out of the theatre . CUT to stage . " springtime for hitler " open be ending in a great crescendo of patriotic insanity . 70 . entire chorus ( sing ) so springtime for Hitler , be springtime for goer , be springtime for Goebbels , be springtime for himmler , be springtime for you and I !! curtain fall . the number be received by the audience with hushed silence . followed by a surge toward the door . the aisle be choked with unhappy people , who can't wait to get out . curtain rise . on stage be eva braun and hitler ( lsd ) . eva braun be a fetching blonde in long braid . lsd be pacing up and down . eva braun sit on love seat downstage . in her hand be a oversize daisy . as she pull the petal from it , she whine . she have a pronounced american accent . eva er liebt mir . er liebt mir nicht . er liebt mir . ( the last petal ) er liebt mir nicht . CUT to people in aisle . they have noticeably slowed down . some be walking backward . they be intrigued . CUT back to stage . eva ( turn to lsd ) du liebt mir nicht ! lsd ( protest vehemently ) I lieb you baby , I lieb you . you know that . eva if you lieb I , why be you leave I ? lsd hey , man , I can not spend all my time with you . I take a oath , baby , deutschland uber alle . CUT to audience in aisle . they have all stop leaving to turn and watch . some begin to laugh and other applaud . they like lsd . 71 . man that 's Hitler ? I get it ! it 's a put -on . CUT to woman . woman hey , Harry , he 's funny . now there be a mad rush to regain there seat . CUT to interior bar . it be empty except for the bartender and a drunk at the far end of the bar . bialystock and bloom be seated on stool at the bar . they clink glass . bialystock here 's to the one and only performance of " springtime for Hitler . " they both laugh and down there drink . bialystock rap on the bar with he cane . bialystock innkeeper , innkeeper , another round of drink here . as a matter of fact , a round of drink for everybody in the place ! bartender look around at the almost empty barroom . doe a little take . he then replenish there drink and place a glass in front of the drunk . the drunk tip he hat graciously toward bialystock . bloom just think , yesterday I be a meaningless little accountant -- and today , I be the producer of a Broadway flop ! bialystock ( raise he glass ) to failure ! bloom to failure ! drunk ( blush ) oh , thank you ! it 's very kind of you . ( raise he glass and downs he drink ) ( more ) 72 . drunk ( cont 'd ) CUT back to stage . same scene . eva start to cry . eva if the Duke of Windsor could give up the throne of England for the woman he love , why can not you ? lsd it 's different . I be a tyrant , baby . audience laugh . CUT to franz liebkind seated in a aisle seat . he nervously pinch he face as he semi - coherently mumble to himself . liebkind ( become slightly unhinge ) baby , why do he keep say baby ? I do not write baby . the fuhrer never say baby . vat be it vit this baby ? woman in adjoining seat ( very annoyed ) will you shut up ! liebkind you shut up ! I be the author . you be just the audience . I outrank you . CUT to bar . bialystock and bloom be a little tipsy . by now the drunk have joined they and all three be good pal . bialystock bartender , bartender , another drink for myself and my associate , Mr. Bloom . and do not forget we good - nature inebriate over there . drunk tip he hat graciously . drunk eternally grateful . sincerely yours , Oliver wendell drunk . during drunkss speech , bartender have refilled there glass . he stand back , watching they as he dry glass . 73. drunk ( raise he glass ) a toast ! bloom to what ? drunk ( stump ) to ... toast ! I love toast . bialystock and bloom to toast . bialystock ( smack he glass down on the bar ) now I will take the lead and I want you right behind I all the way ! one ... two ... three ! ( sing ) " by the light , bloom and drunk ( sing ) " by the light , by the light , bialystock " of the silvery moon , bloom and drunk " of the silvery mooooon , bialystock " I want to croon , bloom and drunk " he want to croon , he want to croon , bialystock " to my honey I will croon , bloom and drunk " he 's gonna croon love 's tune , bialystock " honeymoon , bloom and drunk " honeymoon , honeymoon , bialystock " keep a shine in ... 74 . bialystock stop abruptly . he point toward the door . we hear the SOUND of people entering the bar . bialystock intermission ! Quick , hide you face . they will tear we to piece . bialystock and bloom hop on there stool and cover there face with there hand . the drunk shrug , hop on the stool next to they and also hide he face . a horde of first nighter sweep into the bar . they be all around bialystock , bloom and the drunk , clamoring for drink . crowd ( ad - lib ) " scotch on the rock , " " bourbon and soda . " " two martinis . " " whiskey sour . " the crowd be very cheerful . they be still bubbling from the first act . woman ( to she escort ) well , so far that 's about the funniest thing I have ever see on Broadway . bialystock and bloom look at each other . woman' escort never laugh so much in my life . man ( to he friend ) hysterical , absolutely hysterical . man' friend I think I would split my side . bialystock take it easy , do not panic . there be a lot of play on this street . they be not necessarily talk about " springtime for Hitler . " husband ( to he wife ) honey , I never in a million year think I would ever love a show call " springtime for Hitler . " 75 . bialystock and bloom freeze . a little old lady come up behind bialystock . she rap he on the back with her umbrella . little old lady # 8 bialy , you sly fox , you have do it . it 's a smasheroo . bialystock ( in a daze ) smasheroo . smasheroo . the crowd start to leave . little old lady oh , I would better hurry back . I do not want to miss one minute of it . the first nighter leave the bar . all that remain be bialystock and bloom , the bartender and the drunk . bialystock slip off the stool and wander to middle of barroom . bialystock ( daze ) get to think ... get to think ... get to think ... get to think ... get to think ... CUT to bloom at the bar , frozen , staring straight ahead . he eye be glaze with SHOCK . he stroke he cheek with he little blue blanket . bloom Mrs. cathcart -- 50 % Mrs. biddlecombe -- 50 % Mrs. wentworth -- 50 % Mrs. resnick -- 100 % the drunk stare from one to the other . unhappy with there present mood , he decide to liven thing up again . he tiptoes over to bialystock , put he arm around bialystock's waist , rock back and forth and begins to sing . drunk ( sing ) " by the light ... by the light , by the light ... of the silvery ... bialystock pick he up and throws he across the bar . bialystock get away from I , you drunken bum ! 76 . drunk pick himself up and dust himself off . drunk ( indignantly ) fairweather friend ! the drunk stagger out of the bar . bialystock get a hold of himself . bialystock maybe it 's not true ! bialystock rush over to bloom . bloom ( still mumble to himself ) no way out . no way out . bialystock Bloom , Bloom , maybe it 's not true . bloom doe not respond . bialystock shake he . bloom ( dron monotonously ) no way out . no way out . what ? who ? bialystock why do not we go over to the theatre and see what 's really happen ? after all , we have only hear from a small portion of the audience . let 's hear what the majority think . bloom ( in a trance ) the majority . the majority . yes . let 's hear from the majority . they start to leave . dissolve to bialystock and bloom entering lobby of theatre . as they OPEN door to theatre , they be greeted by a SHOCK wave of laughter . they pause stricken . bloom I do not want to go in . bialystock come , we have to . they take each other' hand like two frightened little boy and cautiously walk in . 77 . CUT to bialystock and bloom as they enter . they take there position at the back of the house and watch the proceedings meekly , like two lamb awaiting the slaughter . CUT to stage . hitler have obviously call a council of war . the fuhrer be surrounded by he general staff . general ( make a report ) we be fall back on all front . we soldier be retreate . lsd no good , baby , no good . you hear my order . nobody retreat . attack ! attack ! general who can we attack ? they be all too big . lsd ( get a inspiration ) hey , man , let 's stomp Switzerland ! general we can not ... we keep we money there ! CUT back to bialystock and bloom . they stare straight ahead , stony -face . huge tear well up in there eye and run down there cheek . CUT to liebkind . he have ripped off the arm of he chair and be earnestly gnawing at it . liebkind baby , again with that baby . there must be no more baby . liebkind leap from he seat and head toward the side entrance leading to the stage . CUT back to stage . lsd where 's Goebbels ? where 's my little Joe ? general ( to the wing ) send for Goebbels . 78 . lsd he 's the only cat leave that still groove I . goebbel enter laughing . goebbel Heil , baby ! I just finish the morning propaganda broadcast . lsd what do you tell the people ? goebbel I tell they we invade England . lsd hey , baby , that 's good ! how would we come out ? goebbel we win . lsd groovy ! they smack hand . laugh from audience . CUT to backstage . liebkind come charging in like a lunatic . liebkind bring down the curtain ! bring down the curtain ! he rush for the curtain rope . a stagehand attempt to stop he . he rip off he helmet and bang he over the head with it . as he slump to the ground , liebkind undoe the curtain rope . CUT to actor on stage . lsd Goebbels , you be the only one ... the curtain drop with a thud . from beneath it crawl liebkind . he jump up and address the audience . liebkind I be the author of this play . you be the victim of a hoax . this be not my word . the fuhrer never say baby . the fuhrer be sweet , the fuhrer be kind , the fuhrer be good . 79 . stage manager ( off camera ) get that curtain up . curtain start to rise . liebkind hurl himself it , and hold it down . liebkind no ! no ! the curtain must not go up ! despite he effort , the curtain slowly rise . liebkind doe not release he hold on it . he start to go up . liebkind stop ! stop ! as the curtain rise , we see a bewildered group of actor and stage hand watching liebkind's ascent . the audience , thinking liebkind's behavior part of the show , enjoy the proceedings tremendously . they break into applause . CUT to critic . he be laughing uproariously and tearing up he note . CUT back to liebkind . liebkind we have be betrayed ! I will return ! I will returnnnnn ... liebkind disappear into the fly . dissolve to anteroom of bialystock and bloom' office . day . ulla , wearing a belt raincoat , sit at the typewriter . music from a record player softly rock in the background . in her left hand she hold a glass of champagne , from which she sip , while her right hand , index finger extended , stab at the funny little keys . she be happy , it be the right one . the door fly OPEN . the desperate bialystock and bloom enter . ulla leap up , quickly undoe her raincoat , exposing her delicious body , clothed only in black lace underthing . ulla we make love ? bialystock no ! no ! we do not make love . go to work . ulla immediately turn up record player to a crashing blare and doe her groovy dance . bialystock howl in despair and flee into he office together with bloom . 80 . he close the door , shutting out the noise . the office be filled with flowers and congratulatory telegram . bialystock swoops down on the telegram . he rip one OPEN and begins reading . bialystock " congratulation . it 's the biggest hit on Broadway . " he tear it up and throws it away . he pick up another and read . bialystock " congratulation . Hitler will run forever . " he throws it away . bialystock attack the pile of telegram . without open they up , he tear they one at a time . bialystock ( boil with rage ) congratulation ! he tear telegram . bialystock congratulation ! he tear telegram . bialystock congratulation ! he tear telegram . bialystock congratulation ! he tear telegram . the door swing OPEN . posed in the doorway be roger do bris . in one hand he carry a OPEN , bubbling magnum of champagne . do bris ( ecstatic ) congratulation ! have you see the review ? have you see the line at the box office ? it 's a torrent , it 's a avalanche , it 's the biggest hit on Broadway ! he start into the room . bialystock growls and lunge at he . 81 . bialystock you lousy fruit . you have ruin I ! he smashes do bris up against the wall . the champagne goe flying . do bris ( shriek ) help ! help ! he 's crazy ! he 's go to kill I . call the police ! call the police ! help , help , murder , murder , rape , rape !!! bialystock throws he out , slam the door and lock it . he fall into the chair and put he feet up on the desk . bialystock ( moan ) how could this happen ? I be so careful . I pick the wrong play , the wrong director , the wrong cast . where do I go right ? we forget one important , Bloom . Adolf Hitler always draw a crowd . bialystock be suddenly aware that bloom be do strange thing at the next desk . bialystock what be you do ? CUT to bloom . he be feverishly piling ledger and account book together . he swoops they up in he arm , clutch they tightly and begins backing toward the door . bloom ( defensively ) do not try to stop I . I have make up my mind . bialystock what be you do with that book ? where be you go ? bloom ( with hysterical conviction ) I be turn myself in . it 's the only way . I be go to cooperate with the authority . they will reduce my sentence and then there 's time off for good behavior . and maybe I will get a job in the prison library . so long . 82. he turn the knob . the door be locked . he fiddle with the catch . too late ! bialystock be up and at he in a flash . he block the door . bialystock ( reasonably ) Leo , take it easy . relax , you be overwrought . you do not know what you be do . you be act out of panic ... gimme that book ! bialystock lunge at bloom and grab for the book . bloom still retain a firm hold . they struggle back and forth . bloom I never should have listen to you . bialystock I never should have listen to you . bloom ohhhhhhhhh , how I hate you . bialystock double . double . double . with a mighty wrench , bialystock rip the book out of bloom' hand . bialystock ( clutching the book triumphantly ) haaaaa ! haaaaa ! haaaaa ! bloom flip . he attack bialystock like a crazy kid , scream hysterically and punching with one arm as he protect he face with the other . bloom ( shriek ) fat ! fat ! fat ! fat ! fat ! bialystock goe crashing to the floor under the onslaught . bloom dive on top of he . they roll on the floor locked in mortal combat . suddenly three shot ring out in succession . bialystock and bloom immediately stop what they 're do and turn toward the door . CUT to lock and handle of door . they drop off . a little smoke rise from the hole . liebkind ( off screen , outside door ) I be betrayed ! 83. bialystock and bloom look at each other . CUT to the door . it fly OPEN . framed in the doorway be franz liebkind , smoking luger in hand . liebkind ( solemnly ) you have break the siegfry oath . you must die . he blast away . the window be shatter . piece of wall go whizzing through the AIR . bialystock drop the ledger and he and bloom dive for cover behind the desk . liebkind this be no good . I be not kill you . do not you understand , you have break the siegfry oath . you must die . vill you cooperate !!! CUT to tight two shot . bialystock and bloom scrunched behind desk . they stare at each other in amazement . there be a timorous knock at the door . bialystock and bloom ( together ) come in . come in . ulla enter . ulla I hear noise . you call ? she look around . ulla where be you ? she continue walking until she sees they crouched behind the desk . ulla ahhh . I see you . you like something ? coffee ? bialystock and bloom look at each other in disbelief . bialystock coffee . yes . that 's a good idea . ( with great emphasis ) why do not you ask the gentleman with the gun ... the gentleman who be shoot at we ... and try to kill we ... what he will have . 84 . ulla ( to liebkind ) you like coffee ? CUT to bialystock and bloom . they stare at each other , dumbfounded . liebkind yes , please . Black . two sugar . ulla repeat to herself as she start for the door . ulla Three coffee . two regular . one black ... two sugar . she exit and close the door behind he . bialystock look up to the fate and make a SMALL SOUND of despair . liebkind and now have must resume hostility . be you come out from behind that desk or not ? bialystock not . liebkind coward , miserable cring coward . cling to life like baby butterfly . vatch , vatch and remember . franz liebkind vill show you how to die like a man ! he place the muzzle of the gun against he temple . bloom and bialystock peer over the desk to see . liebkind ( exhalted ) soon I vill be vit mine fuhrer , und goer , und Goebbels , and himmler . I be come boy ! he pull the trigger . click . click . click . the gun be jammed . he throws the gun down in disgust . liebkind ( in utter anguish ) Boy , vhen thing go wrong ! he fall into a chair and sob like a child . 85 . liebkind I be a failure . I be a failure . I be a failure . bialystock and bloom come out from behind desk . bialystock look at he watch . bialystock five o'clock . kill a whole day play hide - and -seek with a crazy kraut . bialystock pick up luger . liebkind ( still sobbing ) I be not crazy . I be inept . he continue to sob . bloom walk over to the weeping liebkind and comfortingly pat he on the shoulder . bloom there , there . liebkind ( look around ) vhere ? vhere ?... oh ... bialystock ( to liebkind ) you crazy lunatic ! what be you shoot at we for ? why do not you use this ( indicate gun ) where it will do we some good ? why do not you shoot the actor ? ( the think strike home ) liebkind , have I ever steer you wrong ? liebkind always . bialystock never mind . listen . every night people be laugh at you beloved fuhrer . why ? liebkind it 's that lsd und he verdampter baby !... 86 . bialystock ( hand he the gun and some money ) here . buy bullet . kill . kill they all ! bloom what ??? bialystock ( to Bloom ) shut up . liebkind yes . the actor . I must destroy the actor . liebkind start to go . bloom stop ! stop ! this be insanity . he leap across the room and wrench the gun from liebkind's hand . bloom ( scream ) have you lose you mind ? what be you talk about ? kill the actor . you can not kill the actor -- they be not animal , they be human being ! bialystock they be ? have you ever eat with one ? liebkind , go ! kill ! bloom liebkind , no ! bialystock ( to Bloom ) what be you do ? we be trap . it 's either the show or we . there 's no way out . what can we do , blow up the theatre ? bialystock freeze as the thought take hold . CUT to close - up of bloom . he eye narrow as he seriously consider the proposal . CUT to close - up liebkind . he face a poster of shining approval . 87 . camera pull back . the three of they search each other' face earnestly . they be obviously in accord . fade out : fade in . darkened cellar of theatre . we see the faint glow of a shielded lamp at the end of a tunnel . as the camera move through tunnel closer and closer to the light , we make out the shadowy form of three men . camera dolly in to reveal bialystock , bloom and liebkind . bloom be holding a miner' lamp . liebkind be try brick loose from wall . bialystock be consulting map . brick come loose . liebkind remove it . liebkind ( the surgeon at work ) dynamite . bloom slap a neatly tape bundle of dynamite into liebkind's hand . liebkind gently place it in open . liebkind fuse cap . bialystock reach into he pocket and hand he a fuse cap . liebkind put cap in place . liebkind fuse . bloom reach in pocket , take out spool of fuse , hand it to liebkind . liebkind thank you . liebkind tie fuse in place . liebkind gut . now for the master connection . camera follows they as they move back through the tunnel . liebkind trail fuse from spool . they finally emerge into a OPEN area of cellar directly beneath the stage . liebkind gut . now vhere 's the other fuse ? bloom raise he lamp , revealing a similar tunnel on the other side of the cellar . bloom there it be . 88. camera insert : close - up similar fuse protruding from second tunnel . back to scene . liebkind ( to Bloom ) pick it up and bring it here , please . bloom okay . he start toward second tunnel . liebkind ( anxiously ) where be you go vit the light ? bloom I need it . how be I gonna find the fuse ? liebkind oh , have come vit you . all for one and all in the light . the three of they gingerly tiptoe over to second tunnel entrance . bloom pick up the fuse . they tiptoe back . bloom hand fuse to liebkind . liebkind reach into he knapsack , take out little black metal BOX with two terminal cap at either end and sets it down on cellar floor . liebkind now have take the two fuse lead , attach they to the terminal of the conductor and have be in business . bialystock ( grin ) you mean out of business . heh , heh . liebkind begins fiddling with the fuse lead and terminal . bloom Max , I ... bialystock ( irritate . he have not time for small talk ) what be it ? 89 . bloom well , I ... well , it 's just that ... I be sorry I call you fat , fat , fat . bialystock ( smack Bloom affectionately on the shoulder ) ahhhhhh . Leo , Leo , leo. liebkind ( mumble to himself ) plus to minus . negative to positive . male to ... bialystock come on . let 's get go . liebkind qviet . qviet this be very important . he turn back to he work . liebkind vait a minute . vait a minute . male to male ? male to female ? female to male ? female to female ? vait a minute . in people , male to female . but electricity be strange . it 's male to male . he quickly finishes the connection . liebkind sehr gut . ( to bialystock ) slow fuse , please . bialystock reach into he pocket and hand liebkind a roll of fuse . liebkind thank you . he begins tying slow fuse to conductor . liebkind ( as he work ) now have take the slow fuse . tie one end to the master connection and the other have attach to the detonator . he finishes connection . 90 . liebkind come , have go to the detonator . they begin to move back as liebkind slowly spool out fuse . they start up the stair . liebkind vait a minute . be you sure this be slow fuse ? it feel like qvick fuse . ( to Bloom ) shine you light on it . bloom shine light on fuse . liebkind I do not know . I do not know . the marking be so similar . qvick fuse or slow fuse ? liebkind take a wooden match out of he pocket . liebkind I must find out . it be critical . he strike the match and light the fuse . whoosh ! it ignite . the SPARKS rush toward the master connection . liebkind charge down the stair and chase after the quick burning fuse for all he's worth . he catch up with it just before it reach the master connection and quickly stamp it out . liebkind let 's face it . that be dumb . he trots back . liebkind boy , vhere be you ? bialystock and bloom come crawling out from behind stair . liebkind ( see they ) dot vas the qvick one . bialystock we assume that . liebkind reach into he pocket and show they a roll of fuse . 91 . liebkind here . you see . this be the slow fuse . it be much wider . it have more resistance , more density . therefore , it burn slower . bialystock you mean you have the slow fuse in you pocket all the time and you forget to put it on ? liebkind yes . amazing be not it ? bialystock raise he cane and smashes liebkind on the helmet . bonnng . bialystock you stupid kraut ! liebkind vhy do you always call I kraut ? kraut be cabbage ! do have call you hot dog ? ve call you yank not frank ! bialystock all right . finish the job . let 's get outta here . CUT to side door of theatre . the door open slowly . bialystock , bloom and liebkind tiptoe out . bloom sets detonator down . liebkind und now for the final connection . he wrap the fuse lead around the metal contact pole and raise the plunger . bialystock wait . I will check to see if the coast be clear . he run to the end of the alley . look both way and run back . bialystock the coast be clear ! liebkind good . get down . 92 . bialystock and bloom crouch down and hold there eardrum . liebkind grab the handle of the detonator . he eye suddenly glisten with tear . liebkind Goodbye , my foolish fancy . Goodbye , my misbegotten child . Goodbye , my torture testament of twisted truth . bialystock do it ! do it ! liebkind tense himself for the plunge . he start and stop . liebkind I can not . I can not do it . it 's a demon . it 's a gargoyle , it 's a monster ... but it 's still my child . he sob inconsolably . bialystock roughly push he aside and grab the handle of the detonator and plunge it down . he hurl himself to the ground and cover he head in anticipation of the explosion . nothing happens . after a while they all raise there head curiously . bialystock ( quizzically ) nothing . liebkind goe to plunger , raise handle and examine detonator . liebkind here be gut ... of course , of course . in electricity , it 's always male to female . but with people , it 's not always so . come have must go back . bialystock do you need we ? liebkind of course I need you . it 's dark in there . bloom okay , okay . let 's not waste time . they OPEN the side door and disappear into the theatre . drunk ( off camera , sing ) " honeymoon , keep a shinin ' in June , " 93. CUT to entrance of alley . drunk come staggering into view . he spot detonator . drunk " you silvery beam , will light love 's dream , " what the heck be that ? a bicycle pump ? naaah . lemme see . could it be ? good grief , it 's eli whitney 's cotton gin ... naaah . aahh , I know what it be . he walk over to detonator and sit on FIRE stanchion just behind it . he raise he foot and start it down toward the plunger . drunk shine them up ! he push plunger down with he foot . CUT to long shot of theatre . ( mock up ) there be a terrific explosion . piece of the theatre go flying through the AIR . CUT to tight shot of drunk . he be on he knee . debris crash all around he . smoke and noise fill the AIR . he stagger to he feet . he rock back and forth as though he be in a EARTHQUAKE . drunk ( bravely sing ) " sa - a fra-ancisco , open you golden gate , do not let a stranger wait ... dissolve to tight shot of judge's gavel solemnly rapping for order . pull back to reveal crowded courtroom . camera move in to foreground of court . there , seated at the defendant's table be , in order , bloom with he arm in a sling , bialystock with he leg in a cast , and a mummy swathed in bandage . we know the mummy be liebkind because it be wearing a german helmet . liebkind ( mumble through he bandage ) male to male ? male to female ? CUT to tight shot of judge . judge have the jury reach a verdict ? 94 . CUT to jury . there expression indicate that they be not at all well -disposed toward the defendant . camera close in on foreman . he rise . foreman we have , you honor . judge ( off camera ) how do the jury find ? foreman we find the defendant incredibly guilty . CUT to judge . judge will the defendant please rise and approach the bench . CUT to bialystock , bloom and liebkind . they struggle to there feet and hobble to the judge's bench . judge do the defendant have anything to say in they behalf before the court pronounce sentence ? bloom I would like to say a word , sir , not on my behalf , but in behalf of my partner , Max bialystock . judge proceed . bloom thank you , you honor . Max bialystock be a very selfish man . bialystock ( whisper to Bloom ) do not help I . bloom he 's a liar and a cheat and a scoundrel . he 's take money from little old lady . he 's talk people into do thing they never would have dream of . especially I . but who have he really hurt ? ( more ) 95 . bloom ( cont 'd ) who be the victim ? not I , I have the most exciting adventure of my life . and what about the little old lady ? what would they life have be without Max bialystock ? he make they feel want and young and attractive again . little old lady ( off camera , ad-lib ) " oh , Max , Max , I love you Max . " " let he go , let he go . " " do not take my bialy . " judge ( rapping gavel ) order . order . bialystock and may I humbly add , you honor , that we have learn we lesson and we will never do it again . judge I will take that into consideration . the defendant shall serve not more than five and not less than two year in the State penitentiary . ( he pound gavel ) dissolve through to sign on stone wall . sign read : state penitentiary . dissolve through to prison yard . detachment of prisoner , LED by guard , MARCH past camera . dissolve through to exterior of prison build marked : prison laundry . much noise and steam . camera pan to another build marked : machine shop . loud metallic cacophony emanate from inside . camera continue its journey . it come to rest on prison auditorium . tinkle of piano be heard from inside . camera move through close door to interior . we see a long line of prisoner ( 20 ) . for some reason they be all holding money in there hand . line end at a desk . seated at the desk , in a grey , prison uniform , be number : 979345 , formerly known to US as leo bloom . beside the table be a large display board reading : 96 . world premiere 979344 and 979345 present " prisoner of love " starring 778629 and co-starring 440123 invest now !!!! huge profit guaranteed !!! a prisoner hand bloom money . bloom count it and put it into tin BOX . he hand prisoner a receipt . bloom twenty - five dollar . here 's you receipt . you now own 28 % of " prisoner of Love . " camera pan to stage . the stage be filled with a line of convict " chorus girl . " there trouser rolled up above there knee , showing a assortment of interesting hairy legs . at the piano , knocking out the lively rhythm , be franz liebkind and he ever popular german helmet . on stage directing the rehearsal be the indomitable max bialystock . bialystock ( wave he cane and shouting at the top of he lung ) Higher , you animal , higher ! we open Saturday night ! kick ! kick ! two-three-kick-turn ! two - three - kick -turn ! okay , let 's hear it ! the prisoner break into song . prisoner ( sing ) " we be prisoner of love , etc . " music swell to crescendo . camera pull back to encompass the entire stage as " the end " and subsequent technical credit appear on the screen .