bestie by Kelly fremon Craig January 3 , 2011 ext . norfolk pond - sunset a murky green pond dot with float litter . nadine rostami ( 16 ) skinny , self - conscious posture , a face that have not quite grow into she nose , stand on the pond 's bridge stare into the muck . she clutches a large duffle bag and talk into she cell phone . nadine I just call to tell you I be chuck everything you ever give I into the norfolk pond . yes , that disgusting scummy fester cesspool they have not drain in a hundred year and that have like 8 cheeto bag and a dead squirrel float in it right this very moment . every birthday present , all we picture , that Canada sweatshirt you get I from Canada that 's my favorite because the inside be still fuzzy after a billion wash ... yeah , even that . that 's how dead serious I be . I just have one last thing to say to you so listen closely because I be not go to repeat myself : I nev -- voicemail lady ( v.o. ) thank you . you message have be send . nadine motherfucker . nadine 's not sure what to do . this really blow . after a beat , she dial again . beep . krista ( v.o. ) it 's krista , leave a message and try to keep it short because I think I have add . no , I be serious . nadine you stupid voicemail lady cut I off and it be not very good frick timing . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : nadine ( cont 'd ) anyway , as I be say : I be never talk to you again . this friendship ... be officially over . she hang up and unzip the bag , ready to dump its content , when we : fade in : ext . elementary school playground / recess - day nadine ( v.o . ) krista and I have be best friend since the day we meet back in the spring of 2nd grade . crouched under the plastic slide , we find little nadine ( 6 ) , heavy brow and the faintest hint of a mustache even at this age , and little krista ( 6 ) , blonde , chubby , glass a inch thick , play barby together . nadine have ken 's pants off and be make he hump krista 's skipper doll . krista my name 's krista , what 's yours ? nadine nadine hamidi yousefa rostami . krista ( impressed ) wow , that 's abuncha word . you be real good at the Ken , too . nadine you think so ? krista smile . nadine beam , make Ken hump even faster . then , a idea : nadine ( cont 'd ) hey , you wanna be best friend ? krista ( shrug ) sound good to I I guess . nadine ( v.o. ) and that be it . CUT to : b.f.f.s montage --- ext . nadine's suburban STREET - day nadine ( v.o. ) from that day forward , we be inseparable . cover in head - to - toe protective pad , nadine and krista nervously roller - skate down the sidewalk , hold each other 's hand for support , both horribly uncoordinate . nadine 's older brother , darian ( 8 ) , bike by with he friend . little darian ( startling they ) lesbos !!! they lose they balance and eat it . ext . suburban home doorstep - halloween night nadine ( v.o. ) we start do everything alike . dress in match shrek costume , they rush up to a doorstep , stick out they plastic pumpkin for candy . suburban mom aww , you boy make such adorable ogre . int . nadine's live room - night nadine ( v.o. ) we learn new thing together . now 9 - year -old , nadine and krista be freeze in front of the television , they eye as big as baseball . turn to reveal : they find the cinemax channel . darian suddenly pop up from behind the couch . little darian you big fat pervert molester ! I be tell mom ! int . girl bathroom - day nadine ( v.o. ) and keep nothing secret . ( continued ) continued : now 12 - year -old , a taller , lankier nadine get up off the toilet , look down into the bowl and scream . she rip open the stall door and frantically call krista inside , they face awash with amazement and disgust . int . sav - on check out line - later that day a lone box of ultra absorbent maxi - pad go by on the conveyer belt . nadine and krista hide they face in magazine as the male cashier ring they up . nadine as we grow up , theoretically , we should have grow apart . int . optometrist's office - day now 14 , krista trade in she glass for contact lense . she smile for nadine , show off the ' new she . ' krista ( blink uncontrollably ) whaddaya think ? nadine ( sincerely impressed ) wooocooowwwwww . int . esthetician office - day a asian woman rip a cloth strip off 14 - year - old nadine 's upper lip , take she mustache with it . nadine ( to krista ) do I still look like he , or be it better now ? she hold up a photo of pedro from napoleon dynamite for comparison . even without the mustache , the resemblance be uncanny . krista you do not look like a small mexican boy at all anymore . we be so ready for high school . int . sunny hill high school dance - night nadine and krista be all dolled up ... and sit alone on the bleacher , guy after guy walk right past they without so much as a glance . ( continued ) continued : nadine ( v.o. ) but as it turn out , grow up just make we closer . nadine ( cont 'd ) fuck this people . krista nod in agreement . they head for the door . nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that be , until it do not ... record screech to a halt and we end montage . ext . sunny hill high school quad - lunch time everyone be section off into clique : mean Girls eyeing they manicure and complain about the heat . jock with they peck flex . the dork . the Drama kid . the one pregnant chick and she boyfriend who know he life be over , aaaaaaaaaand - — nadine and krista , now 16 , still just the two of they . nadine have grow out she pedro haircut and shape she brow ( shoot for Kim kardashian but landing somewhere around mayim bialik ) . it 's a awkward , grow - on - you kind of cuteness . krista be blonde , pretty in a tomboy sort of way , wear a radiohead t-shirt . they be sit under a tree with a penis carve into it . krista we have to relocate . the penistree smell like barf . nadine ( eat a enormous burrito ) I love the penistree , it 's be we spot since freshman year . krista ehh . I feel like we need a change . nadine ( v.o. ) that should have be my first clue : Change . but I be too busy scour the quad for -- nadine suddenly stop eat she burrito . nadine ( cont 'd ) ( dreamily ) hot soccer Dan ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) he 's walk out of the cafeteria -- handsome , tan , and wear a bright red and green ronaldo jersey . time stop and the music swell as he run he finger through he hair . nadine gaze at he longingly , mesmerize . all of the sudden she burrito smashes into her face , bean and rice everywhere . nadine ( cont 'd ) what the hell , idiot ?! nadine 's brother , darian , crack up . he 's now 18 , buff , gorgeous , and insanely popular . he and he buddy futch ( 17 ) linebacker 's build , carry jack in BOX bag . darian oh sorry , do I bump you ? tell mom I will be home late , futch be have a party . nadine ( wiping burrito off she cheek ) screw you , tell she you gay self ! darian you should try smile more , it 's good for you . nadine you should try .... not suck more ! and not be so dumb and retarded ... more . darian frown at she pitiful comeback . feel bad for she . darian I love you , nadine . nadine roll she eye , watch as darian walk over to the flagpole where the popular people hang out . every single person stop what they be do to greet darian the King . he own this school . carly corvetti ( 17 ) , vampire - gorgeous with a hint of crazy , make tragic bedroom eye at he . he hardly notice . three sophomore girl approach nadine . sophomore girl # 1 Excuse I , be that true ? you be darian rostami 's little sister ? she get it . they think she 's cool just by association . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) nadine uh , yeah . yeah , I be . sophomore girl # 1 wow ! you guy be so different , it 's almost like -- ( turn to she friend ) what 's that old movie where it turn out Arnold schwarzenegger be twin with that short fat bald guy ? ( friend have no idea ) you know ! it 's on tbs a lot , it 's from the 80' ? and Arnold 's like big and buff and good- look and cool ? and then he twin be just like the leftover waste of genetic shit ? ( they still have no idea ) come on , I know you guy know this ! nadine twin . the fuck movie be call twin . sophomore girl # 1 twin ! exactly , exactly ! ( realize ) I mean , but no offense ... nadine 's smidgen of confidence have already be squash . ext . " golf N STUFF " minigolf & family fun park - that night nadine and krista play a round of minigolf . nadine I hate every single person we go to school with . krista I be tell you , that girl be moron . nadine and my stupid brother . I just want to kick he annoying face off . krista hmmm . nadine what ? ( continued ) continued : krista no , I be just wonder if that 's possible . kick someone 's face off . nadine oh yeah . sure . let 's say I be like a small asian karate master and I just keep kick he face and kick he face , bah ! bah ! bah ! , and then finally after like 45 minute , he face be all bloody and mutilate and dangle off the bone like roast beef and shit . uh huh , absolutely possible . 100 % . krista yeah , okay . yeah , I will buy that . nadine anyway , whatever , let 's not talk about he . hey , so I have a idea for we for prom . krista yeah ? nadine get this . hot dog suit . match one . it will be awesome , ' cause it will be like , " hey fucker , you know how much we give a shit about prom ? we be dress like pork wiener , that 's how much . " you know what I be say ? krista that 's awesome , I love it . nadine I too , I too . be it kinda pathetic , though ? I do not wanna look pathetic , ya know ? krista no , no . it 's badass . we be totally do it . nadine grin . erwin ( 0.s . ) nadine , be that you ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) nadine spin around to find erwin kim ( 16 ) , Korean , stoop - shoulder , velcro sandal with sock . nadine oh , hey .... ( search ) ... Korean guy from my chem class . erwin it 's erwin . erwin Kim . nadine yep , yeah . what be you do here ? erwin oh nothin ' , you know , just hang with my bros ... ( butcher it ) chillizzillin ' ... like a bowwss . just then , erwine parent bark at he in Korean , gesture for he to rejoin they game . he pretend that do not just happen . erwin ( cont 'd ) anyway , so , uh , you know that tree you guy always sit under ? I take too much tylenol cold and accidentally puke my lunch down the trunk the other day . I be aim for the trash can , sorry . krista give nadine a " toldja " look . krista we appreciate the honesty . erwin and , um , also ... I really like you sweatshirt , nadine . it 's nice . she 's wear the CANADA sweatshirt . nadine oh . thanks . erwin so 's you hair and shoe and eye and tooth and sock . nadine wow . okay . thanks . erwin turn red , realize that might have be overkill . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 3 ) erwin ' kay , I gotta get back to my friend now . int . nadine's live room - later nadine and krista and sprawle out on the couch . krista erwin Kim be you new lover . nadine shut up . krista he totally imagine you undress he . sloooooowly un - velcroing he man-sandals . nadine whatever . that guy on youtube with the hundred pound elephantitis ball be you new lover . krista aww , I feel sorry for that guy . nadine I know , I too . sometimes I drift off in class and I be just like , " , .. that poor man and he poor big ball , what 's he do right now ? " krista you know what , screw it , for twenty million buck , I would be he lover . okay , maybe not lover , but I would give he a real quick handjob just to be nice and make he day . nadine wow , I have no idea you be such a humanitarian , krista . krista I try to ask myself what would Jesus do ... they both laugh . ( continued ) 11 . continued : nadine ( 0.s . ) but if I would be pay attention , I would have know that krista feel uncharacteristically charitable in the handy Department be actually clue number two . through the front door come nadine 's mom , mona ( 43 ) , poof hair , wear every piece of jewelry she own . her boyfriend , jerry ( 45 ) follow behind , a muscle - out gym rat in a too - tight Hawaiian shirt . nadine ( cont 'd ) hey , how be the olive Garden ? mona great . I eat 400 breadstick and Jerry share some really exciting news . nadine ( not interested ) that 's nice . jerry well I do not want to make a huge deal of it , but ... I be offer a pretty sweet job today . nadine ( perk up ) oh really ? like what kind of job ? nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as long it be in any other field . any . other . field . flash to : ext . sunny hill high school pick - up zone - day Jerry roll up in a three wheeler meter maid vehicle to pick up nadine from school , still in he weight - lift glove . nadine ( mortify ) I say I would take the bus ! Jerry spot somebody do something illegal . jerry what 's this dipshit do ? hey dipshit ! ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . continued : jerry ( cont 'd ) do you not see the load Zone sign , or be you just a asshole ? nadine look up to see he 's yell at a nice little old lady wear a sweater with dance penguin on it , who work in the front office . hot soccer Dan be observe all this , too . she sink into she seat , die . back to : int . nadine's live room - continuous jerry parking enforcement offer I a job at headquarters . no more work on the route for this guy . nadine no more work on the route ?! be you serious ?! jerry get my own office now and everything . Big desk , new computer , window . ( then ) phone , printer , eraser board , carpet , automatic hole punch , stapler , pack of multi-color sharpy . hole punch . nadine wow , sound like you be really runnin ' shit , Jerry . mona anyway , we think this call for a mini-vacation . drive up to Santa Barbara for the weekend to celebrate , whaddaya say ? nadine can krista come ? mona you will have to talk to darian . corolla only seat five and he will probably want to bring futch . ( continued ) 13 . continued : nadine oh screw futch . how 's that fair ? darian 's out get waste with a bunch of dumb slut , I be here drink diet sprite with my parent . I be the good child , I should be reward . jerry how about I flip a coin . head , krista . tale , futch . nadine no . no way . that 's totally un -- jerry ( already flip it ) head . krista win . nadine ha ! yes ! darian can suck it ! ( mime he suck it ) he can suck it , suck it , suuuck it . aww yeah . and then slap it . slap it . really slap it . ( mime slapping it ) jerry slap it ? why slap it ? nadine ( walk away ) I be a winner . int . nadine's driveway - next morning they pack up the car for the trip . darian a coin toss do not count if I be not there for it . nadine you lose . sorry , loser . nadine head inside for she bag , krista get in the car . darian Mom , let 's talk about this , I do not thin -- ( continued ) continued : 14 . mona oh give it up , darian . you have be cut enough break in life , let you poor sister at least have this . nadine jeez , mom , you make I sound like some kind of reject . mona sorry . I think you go inside . int . jerry's toyota corolla - little later they be all pile in the car , on the way . no . krista what 's the address up there , anyway ? I tell my mom I would text she . nadine oh , change of plan . krista what ? no more Santa Barbara ? jerry well , I think about it and I be like , you know what , we could go there anytime . let 's go somewhere really special . somewhere incredible , somewhere we '1ll -- nadine ( cut to the chase ) casino morongo . krista we be go to a indian casino ? jerry with a buffet that 's go to knock you sock off . you guy like seafood ? krista nadine no . jerry ( cont 'd ) then they have get a hell of a swim pool . 15 . ext . casino morongo swimming pool - a little later it 's 112 degree out and the pool be under renovation . jerry whoops , maybe shoulda call first . mona gallagher 's perform , you guy should go see he . nadine who 's gallagher ? jerry he 's a comedian from the 80' . he smashes fruit with a big hammer . nadine and that 's funny ? jerry of course it be , fruit 's goddamn hilarious . welp , we will be at the blackjack table . mona wear sunscreen and just because you get you own room do not mean you can charge crap to it . they head off , leave they . darian start laugh . darian God I be so bum futch be not here for this raging fun time . nadine oh shut up . darian you know , I do not know how it 's possible , but even when I lose , I still manage to win . nadine you do not win , darian . you do not win in any way , shape , or form . krista he really kinda do , though , do not he ? ( continued ) continued : 16 . nadine krista . jeez . darian I do not know , I think God just watch out for I , ya know ? I be like he little buddy . I be like Jesus Christ with a cooler haircut . nadine just stare at he a beat . then : nadine this be officially it . tonight be the night I kill you in you sleep and feel no remorse . int . casino morongo lobby - a little later they linger outside the casino , come up with a plan . krista so how be we do this again ? nadine we just calmly , slowly stroll past security . do not walk fast , it 's suspicious . just a nice casual stroll . darian you guy be so dumb if you think anyone will buy you be 21 . nadine hey , you be lucky we be even let you hang out with we , okay ? darian oh yeah , I be real lucky . nadine you be . you would have nothing to do . you would have to watch gallagher , that 's how fuck you would be ! krista so after we stroll in ? nadine right , so once we be in ear shot of the guard , you will be all like , ( fake adult voice ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 17 . nadine ( cont 'd ) " ahhh , income tax suck so hard " and I be like , " you should see my commute to the office . " and then we order vodka gimlet and bitch about we husband pissing on the seat . krista we have husband ? be they hot ? nadine they be both insanely hot model - slash - veterinarian . come on , ball to the wall , let 's do this . they go in for the kill . they almost make it to a slot machine when a man in a suit ( 40' ) approach . man in suit Excuse I , lady , can I -- nadine ( immediately ) we be underage , I be so sorry !!! man in suit ( trail off ) «-- get ... you a drink ... nadine shit. ( then , why not ) two vodka gimlet ? int . casino morongo seafood buffet - a little later the three of they sit in a booth , darian eat a crab . darian well , I be amaze . I be just absolutely amaze that do not work . nadine you know what ? I hope that crab wake up and punch you in the face . darian you hope it wake up ? it 's dead , not sleep . ( continued ) continued : a bus boy 18 . nadine I hope that crab miraculously come back to life and claw the fuck shit out of you face and poke out you eyeball and then take a big dump on you head . darian that 's pretty elaborate for a crab , wow . krista maybe they have a deck of card in the gift shop . we could play spoon or something . nadine we be not play spoon . krista what 's wrong with spoon ? nadine it 's stupid and it 's not fun , and we be gonna have fun even if it freaking suck ! enter from the back room dolly a case of jim beam towards the bar . nadine ( cont 'd ) hold on . I have a idea . nadine get up , try to formulate a plan . she 's get it . she jog over to the bus boy , frantically tap he shoulder . nadine ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , sir , that lady be choke ! please , quick , you have gotta help she ! busboy who ? what lady ?! nadine the elderly woman with the oxygen tank ! he turn to look , and the entire restaurant be elderly woman with oxygen tank . as he run off to find the victim , nadine quickly snake a couple of bottle . 19 . int . casino morongo HOTEL room - a little later nadine do a dance , sloshing booze into they cup . nadine who be awesome ?! who be just one big fat awesomesauce sandwich with extra awesome dress ? darian okay , you do good , shut up . krista ( check the mini-fridge ) we need a mixer , what 's in here ? nadine not I , I have gum . darian gum ? be you retarded ? you can not use gum as a mixer . nadine yes you can , you mix it with you spit the old fashion way . I have see it do on tv like a thousand time . darian no you have not , who 's ever do that even once ? nadine like basically everyone who 's not a big gigantic pussy , okay ! ( knock back a shot , grimace ) GOD that's deliciously minty !!! krista nadine , you better pace yourself . nadine ( pour herself another ) thanks , mom ! int . casino morongo HOTEL bathroom - later nadine be curl up in the bathtub , hammer and suddenly in a very dark place . ( continued ) 20 . continued : nadine you know what my problem be in life ? I have really be think about this a lot ... it 's my head . krista lean against the opposite wall , only slightly less inebriated . krista what 's go on in you head ? nadine no , no , my actual head . my skull . it 's too small . before I think my nose be too big , but now I be think it 's actually just that my head 's too small . it make I look ridiculous . I think that 's why no guy I like ever like I , like hot soccer Dan . and here 's the really fuck up part , okay ? there 's no surgery for it . even if I win the lotto or become the first female president , I will still be stick with a weird little shrunken beetlejuice head for the rest of my life . and then I think ... why even go on ? krista you do this every time you drink , nadine . get all depressed . nadine no I do not ! I do not ! yes I do . I do , I be a depressed person with a big nose and a tennis ball head and that 's the truth . I be gonna barf right here down the bathtub drain . krista okay . nadine lean over and puke . nadine that be good . and you wanna know the other thing , too ? krista what ? but when krista look over , nadine 's pass out cold . she roll up a towel , wedge it under nadine 's head as a pillow . int . casino morongo HOTEL room - continuous 21 . darian lie on the bed , watch tv , pretty waste . krista stumble in , try to keep she balance . krista what be you do ? darian I be bone a pygmy goat . krista um , okay . darian hey , you know that joke I tell earlier about the pygmy goat and how I be bone it , but I really be not because I be watch antique roadshow instead ? krista yeah ? darian that be hilarious . krista it be pretty good . darian come're . she walk over and darian fill up she cup , then he . darian ( cont 'd ) cheer . my sister pass out ? krista I think she have too much . darian do I a huge favor and take my sock off for I ? krista ew , no . darian please . I would do it myself but they be so far away from my hand . ( continued ) 22 . continued : krista I be not touch you gross sock , darian . darian I will give you a million dollar . krista you do not have a million dollar . darian I will rob a bank . krista you will go to jail . darian then i'1ll -- oh shhhhit ! krista what ? darian oh , no way . I be gonna kill she . krista what ? he sit up and turn he head around to reveal : nadine 's gum be stick in the back of he hair . krista start crack up . darian I know I smell peppermint ! aw crap , it 's all matte in there , too . krista you need peanut butter . darian where be I gonna get peanut butter ? krista you need ice . hold on . come here . she stumble over to the ice bucket , bring it back and plop down right next to he on the bed . darian ( be : she sudden close proximity ) well , okay then . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) krista oh stop it . darian I be not say anything . krista shhh . hold still . she apply a ice cube to the gum . darian do it work ? krista it 's be one second . darian ( one more second ) do it work now ? krista I be gonna kill you . he smirk . darian wow , I have never see you this up close . it 's like I flip over to krista hd . helloooooo , pore . krista ( feel expose ) oh god , jeez . darian no , it 's interesting . you have a major shitload of freckle , too . krista thanks a lot . darian you be irish , right ? ( sing , high - pitch irish accent ) oh Danny boy , the pipe , the pipe be callin 's ... that song 's irish , be not it ? ( awful " big band " voice ) from glen to glen , and down the mountain side . that be with a Sinatra twist that time . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 3 ) krista it 's amazing you be not in glee club . darian I think about it , but then I be like , you know , the hour , the commitment , have to tell my mom I be gay ... krista practically spit up she drink laugh . she take some of he hair with she . darian ( cont 'd ) ouch , Jesus , you just rip out half my scalp ! krista ( still laugh ) sorry sorry sorry ! he watch she laugh , like this side of she . darian oh my god , and you totally laugh like Fran drescher . krista ( laugh more ) no I do not ! darian no , you really do though . krista hey , you better be nice to I , I could leave this thing where it 's at . darian you be right , I apologize , you laughter be like harp music . how we do back there ? progress ? krista open you hand . krista deposit the hairy piece of gum into it . darian wow , that be ... that be ... just horribly disgusting . ( then , uber dramatic ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 25 . ( 4 ) darian ( cont 'd ) I be go to keep it for the rest of life . krista shut up . darian in a jar , on my shelf , and every time I look at it , I will think of ... well , probably not you , actually . I will probably just be like , " ew , shit , that gum 's still there ?! " she laugh again . he smile . and then , before either of they know what 's happen , he 's kissing she . krista pull away , shocked . krista whoa ! what the fuck , what the fuck , what the fuh-uh-uck ?! darian I do not know , I do not know , that be weird , I do not know ! they just look at each other for a second , freak out . then just as quickly they be all over each other again . int . jerry's toyota corolla - next day the car ride back . it 's eerily silent . nadine stare at krista , puzzle . nadine something 's weird . krista hmmm ? nadine something 's weird , I can not put my finger on it , but something 's off . it 's a vibe . krista maybe you be car sick . nadine that 's not it . krista do you eat something bad ? maybe you bacon be taint . ( continued ) continued : 26 . nadine my bacon be outstanding . my bacon 's never be anything short of it . krista I have no idea then . darian just stare straight ahead , not say a word . int . shhhs girl bathroom / handicapped stall - morning nadine sit on the rim of the toilet , try to digest this . krista I be so , so , so , so , so sorry ! I do not know how it happen ! nadine oh my god . oh my god , I can not breathe . it 's like , I wanna puke but I also wanna gouge my eye out and I do not know which to do first ! krista I should have tell you earlier , I feel terrible ! nadine how far be we talk about here ? no , do not tell I . yes , tell I . no , do not . krista it be not that far , I promise . nadine how far be not far ? second base ? krista uhhhhhhh . nadine nooooo ! you go all the way to third base ? krista oh god , I be so sorry ! nadine a handjob ?! you give my brother a handjob ?! ( continued ) 27 . continued : krista it be a really quick one though ! like the fastest I have ever rubbed one out in my life , I be serious ! nadine ( cover she ear ) oh god oh god oh god ! La la la la ! krista I will shut up , I will just shut up ! nadine get a hold of herself . nadine okay ... I be okay ... ( beat ) wait a minute . do not tell I you actually like he ? krista what ? noooooooo . I be drunk . I be out of my mind . nadine because he 's a gigantic asshat , krista . krista I know . nadine like , the gigantic-est . krista I know . nadine and he fart constantly . and he stick he finger in he bellybutton and then sniff it . krista he do ? nadine like . it 's . his. job . krista look horrify . krista I do not like he , okay ? trust I , I do not like he one bit . 28 . int . shhs / darian' locker - between class darian 's walk to class with futch when nadine corner he . nadine why do not you just go ahead and grow yourself a little mustache , huh darian ? darian what be you talk about ? nadine just grow a little mustache and start hang out in a park bathroom with a bag of candy because that 's what you be : one big molestersaurus rex . darian oh Christ , be you kid I ? she turn to futch . nadine that 's right , futch , you best friend take advantage of a innocent girl and scar she for life . futch okay , I do not what you be say , but you sound like a dumbass . darian hey . I be the only who call my sister a dumbass . futch ( immediately ) totally kid , nadine . nadine whatever . just know this , darian . know this and never forget it : ( long dramatic pause ) you ...are ... gross . she turn and walk off . ( continued ) 29 . continued : nadine ( cont 'd ) I really want to exit on a better insult than that , but my hamster brain be not give I shit . tomorrow in the shower I will come up with like 50 zinger . I always do my best think in the shower . for instance this morning it occur to I that if my hair be bigger , it will create the illusion that my head be actually bigger . who know , maybe even normal -size . just then , somebody slam into nadine from behind . her chemisty book go fly . nadine ( cont 'd ) hey , watch where you be -- but it 's hot soccer dan . nadine ( cont 'd ) uh -- ( immediately fluff up she hair ) hi. hot soccer dan sorry . I be late to my class . he pick the book up , hand it to she . nadine yeah , no , that 's completely alright and cool . he keep walk . nadine ( cont 'd ) oh , and um , my name 's -- but he 's about 40 foot down the hall now . she curse herself . nadine ( cont 'd ) daaaah ! quicker , you have to be quick ! erwin what 's wrong ? you look all -- ( make a frazzle face ) nadine nothing . crap , I just remember I forget to do my chem homework . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) erwin you can copy mine . nadine be you serious ? erwin yeah , why not ? nadine no , I just feel bad . I feel like you should not just let I do that , erwin . erwin okay , then you can not then . nadine ( beat ) maybe if I just copy like 90 % and guess on the rest ? that 's not really cheating . he hand it to she . she look at it a sec , then : nadine ( cont 'd ) hey , listen . I feel like maybe I should go ahead and clear something up though . I get the sense you might have a little , I do not know , crush on I , so I just want to be up front : I do not really see you like that . like at all . erwin um. okay . but you do not even know I . nadine that 's true . erwin I mean , what if you get to know I and you be all like , " oh wow , erwin 's even funnier than will ferrell in that one movie . " or " whoa , erwin 's brain 's so big he make Einstein look like a dumb - dumb . " what then ? nadine do you just use the word " dumb - dumb " ? ( continued ) continued : 31 . ( 3 ) erwin no . nadine okay , fine . be you funnier than will ferrell ? do you make Einstein look dumb ? erwin no , but once I ride my bike really fast with my eye close and I eat a frigging serious lot of lactose despite my intolerance . nadine uh huh . I be probably gonna stick with my original plan . sorry . do you want this back then ? she hold up he homework . ext . shhs erwin I guess not . / krista' locker - a little later krista dig through she locker - it 's wallpaper with al pacino picture . Al in the godfather , Al in scarface , Al hold he oscar . darian approach . darian why would you think it be a good idea to tell my sister that ? krista she 's my best friend , I tell she everything . darian and I love how you twisted it into I take advantage of you when you know it be you who be all up in my bidnass . krista oh yeah right , in you dream ! darian you be ! you be basically like , oh , darian . let I help you get that gum out of you hair ... ( more ) ( continued ) 32 . continued : darian ( cont 'd ) ( imitate she , lick he lip and rub he nipple ) krista I have never do that nipple move in my life and you do not even say one word to I the whole next day ! darian well I want to , but it be weird ! krista exhales . they just stand there a beat . darian ( cont 'd ) so you wanna grab a burger tonight ? krista be you serious ? darian maybe . krista what kind of burger . darian cheese . no cheese . krista um ... okay . darian come by around 7 , I will be back from practice . int . nadine's bathroom - that evening nadine be spraying she hair into what basically amount to a beehive , but not that good . she 's check herself out from every angle . darian walk in , sweaty from football . darian I need to get in the shower . nadine nope . she keep teasing she hair , eyeing herself . darian ' kay . ( continued ) 33 . continued : he walk past she , pick up the toilet brush , rub it around in the toilet water and point the drip bristle at she . nadine ( inching away from it ) whoa whoa whoa ! he force she right out the door , slam it shut , lock it . nadine ( cont 'd ) a bristle hit my thumb , you idiot ! I hope I die of e-coli just so you feel guilty the rest of you life ! the doorbell ring . int . nadine's front door - moment later nadine open it to find krista at the threshold . nadine hey , what be you do here ? krista uh , well -- nadine it 's good , I need you help with my hair . I know it look like a rat 's nest , but be it in a cool , hip , Amy winehouse kind of way ? or more just like " hi , the mental hospital confiscate my hairbrush " ? be honest . krista I think maybe more the second one . nadine crap , I kinda think so . krista step inside . nadine head up the stair . nadine ( cont 'd ) hey , so any word if you mom 's friend can sew the hotdog suit for we ? krista yeah , she 's gonna make ‘em out of polyfiber foam , that way they will bend and breathe but still maintain they hotdoggy shape . cool , right ? ( continued ) continued : 34 . nadine Love it . genius. ( realize ) why be you still stand there ? come upstairs . krista uh ... well , actually , I need to tell you something , and I do not know how you be go to take it . nadine freeze . nadine oh no , be hot soccer Dan in a coma ? oh god . krista no , no , he 's fine . it 's just that ... I do not really come here to hang out . nadine okay ... krista I come here to grab a burger . ( beat ) with you brother . nadine say nothing . absolutely nothing . krista ( cont 'd ) I know . I know . this be very weird . and I know I say I do not like he . but then he ask I to get a burger . and then I say yes . and then ... well that 's pretty much the whole story actually . nadine like ... like a date ? krista no , I do not think it 's a date . I think it 's more just two people casually enjoy ground beef on a bun together . nadine that sound like every date I have ever imagine be on . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) darian come down the stair , all spruce up for the date . nadine ( cont 'd ) oh my god he have he good jeans on ! darian see you later , nader . as they head out the door , krista turn back to nadine . krista be you okay ? tell I you be okay and you be not piss . nadine just stand there . wordless , awestruck . darian eh , she 's fine . he shut the door . ext . shhs hallway - morning nadine eat breakfast as krista tentatively approach . nadine hey . how be you ? krista Fine . you ? nadine good . hashbrown square ? she take one , eyeing nadine . krista you be be weird . nadine no I be not . I just offer you a hashbrown square , how 's that weird ? krista this be not you . it 's like a terminator - version of you and I be suppose to think it 's you , but I can tell it 's really a computerize look - a- like send from the future to offer I hashbrown and eat my brain . ( continued ) continued : 36 . nadine eat you brain ? when do the terminator eat anyone 's brain ? krista stop bullshit I , nadine . nadine what do you want I to say ? you get drunk , you hook up with my brother , then you go on a date and do not even have the decency to call I from the bathroom ! krista you want I to call you from the bathroom , that 's what you be mad about ? nadine you always call I from the bathroom on date . do not act like this be new ! krista the circumstance be a little different this time ! nadine so be he you boyfriend now ? you guy be like a item all the sudden ? krista it be one date . nadine so it be a date ! krista oh my god , nadine . nadine I be not comfortable with this . I be not comfortable with it at all . krista so what do you want I to do then ? nadine I want you to never go out with he again . he 's my brother . ( more ) ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) nadine ( cont 'd ) he 's off limit . I do not like it and that 's it ! krista stand there a second , think this over . finally : krista Fine . nadine ( beat ) seriously ? krista yes. seriously . nadine sweet. ( beat ) ' nother hashbrown square ? ext . shhs quad / penis tree - lunch time nadine stand under the penis tree spraying a can of disinfectant . krista walk up . nadine I think I have almost stamp out the erwin barf smell for good . this stuff be industrial grade , they use it on bum piss at the third Street promenade . krista I take it back . nadine you take what back . krista I be not not - see you brother . I have be think about this and you really like peanut butter cup , right ? well , I would never ask you to stop eat they just because they make I uncomfortable . nadine what ? that 's the worst analogy I have ever hear . first of all , my brother be not a scrumptious chocolate snack , and second , how can peanut butter cup make you uncomfortable ? ( continued ) continued : 38 . krista lot of way . maybe I have a peanut allergy . maybe I just have nightmare about they jump down my throat and clogging up my artery . nadine that 's crazy ! they be not even that fatty ! whatever , you know what , fine . I would , I would never touch another goddamn peanut butter cup as long as I live just for you . in fact , I would have they all put ona big boat and dumped in the middle of the ocean because that 's just how much of a good freaking friend I be ! krista that would do nothing ! that would just kill a whole bunch of sea life ! nadine I would kill that sea life in the name of we friendship ! I would murder fish to make you happy ! krista rub she temple , sigh . krista he ask I to go lunch at Jack in the box and I want to go , and I want you to come with we . nadine be you fuck kid I ? krista no. I be not . nadine no way in hell , krista ! I would rather eat alone ! I would rather sit here all alone under this tree , just I and the penis and this can of disinfectant ! krista nadine -- ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) nadine no , you know what ? go ahead ! have a blast with darian at Jack in the box because apparently that 's what you want to do sooooo bad ! krista be you seriously be this dramatic ? nadine go ! see ya later ! g'bye , krista ! krista hang there a moment . then : krista Fine . I will . she turn and leave . nadine watch she go , then sit a beat under the tree . she look up at the penis carve , then over at the disinfectant . a group of senior walk by , eyeing she sit there all alone . nadine ( blurt self - consciously ) I be wait for someone ! another moment pass . we go to a ultra-wide shot of nadine as a tiny little dot , the only person eat by herself in the whole entire school . she can not handle it . nadine ( cont 'd ) dahhh !!! she immediately grab she stuff , run after krista . int . darian' pick - up truck - a little later krista and darian be up front . nadine be scrunch in the cab , straddle he stinky pile of football pad . krista you okay back there ? the wind be tear through the window , whipping nadine 's hair all over the place and stir up the b.0. stink . nadine I be wonderful . darian how do that football pad smell ? glad you tag along , sis ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : nadine ( not give he the satisfaction ) I do not smell anything whatsoever . darian mmm hmm . int . jack in the BOX - a little later Carly corvetti get up from a table of she two almost -as - hot friend , saunter over . carly well , look who 's here ... darian can not keep I away from that curly fries , Carly . carly curly fries be my favorite . they remind I of something I just have completely wax off . darian raise he eyebrow . Carly smile at he . carly ( cont 'd ) we be just leave , but you be come to my party next week , right ? and I do not think I have meet you new little friend ... darian put he arm around krista , pull she towards he . darian this ... would be krista . Carly grin at krista , but she face say , " you be have lunch with this chick ? " darian ( cont 'd ) and that would be she friend , nadine . who also happen to be my sister . nadine ( pop out from behind he ) helloooooo miss Lady . ( no response ) from step Brothers ? no ? ( beat ) congratulation on you pube . 41 . int . jack in the BOX booth - a little later the three of they eat they lunch . no one 's talk . nadine so this be what you guy do last night ? silently chew you food and stare at each other ? it 's a real blast , lemme tell ya . darian do you ever think that maybe it 's awkward because you be sit here ? nadine I be impede you conversation then ? darian maybe . nadine and what would you be talk about that you could not say in front of I ? darian lift he eyebrow , look at krista conspiratorially . nadine ( cont 'd ) ew . you talk about you ball or something ? be that what you guy do ? " blah blah blah , darian 's ball , darian 's penis , half a hour of darian 's ball and penis " and then you call it a evening ? krista pretty much word for word . nadine do not be sarcastic right now . darian she 's right . there 's no reason we should not act exactly the same as we do last night . ( act the same ) hey , krista ? krista yeah ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : darian you have get some sauce on you chin . he lean over and run he tongue all the way up she face , slowly lick it off . krista let out a loud laugh , punch he in the arm . nadine throw she chicken sandwich down , disgust . nadine you . sick. motherfucker . krista he do that for show . that do not really happen . nadine stand up , do . nadine I be wait in the car . int . nadine's live room - later nadine be slump on the couch , watch she mom do Wii aerobics . mona I think it 's great . maybe they will fall in love and get marry and krista will be you sister like you have always want . nadine Mom . do not even say that . ( look heavenward ) you do not hear that , Universe ! mona you should have fun with it , why do not you start go out with one of darian 's friend ? what about futch ? nadine I be not go out with futch . he 's fat and he barely talk and no . mona do not be mean to fat people . you mother 's fat . ( continued ) 43 . continued : nadine you be not fat . do Jerry tell you that ? be that why you be do aerobics ? I will kill he . mona no , no , Jerry think I be beautiful . he tell I all the time . nadine pause , think about that . nadine see , that 's the thing , be not it . mona what ? nadine you be not beautiful unless somebody think you be . mona turn around , face she daughter . mona I think you be beautiful , nadine . nadine just look at she . nadine that 's the most terrible thing you have ever say to I , mom . mona why ? nadine because I -- nevermind . nadine get up , leave the room . mona frown . int . nadine's bathroom - moment later nadine step into the bathroom , close the door behind she , take a deep breath , then address herself . nadine nadine , just relax , okay ? you be get all work up and crazy . this whole thing be go to pass . ( more ) ( continued ) 44 , continued : nadine ( cont 'd ) in fact , I will bet you a million buck it already fizzle out after that bizarro lunch today , I mean you see they , they have nothing in common . pretty soon this be go to be one of that thing you look back and laugh about , alright little buddy ? yep , you call yourself little buddy , you really do , and that 's completely fine because no one hear it except you . she exhales , feel better . nadine ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be okay . on she way out , something on the bathroom counter catch she eye : a bag from rite aid . she look inside , curious . mouthwash , old spice deodorant , and axe body spray . she freeze , realize . the pep talk immediately go out the window , and she burst out of the bathroom towards darian . int . hallway - continuous nadine what 's all that stuff from rite Aid for ? she corner he as he 's come down the hall . darian move , you be in the way . nadine why do you want to smell so goddamn fresh suddenly , huh ? darian move or I will do it for you . his cell phone ring . he pick it up . darian ( cont 'd ) oh hey , krista , what 's up . nadine 's eye pop open . he slide right past she into he room . nadine what ?! that 's she ? she 's call you ? ( continued ) 45 . continued : she try to stop he , but he 's already close he door and lock she out . nadine ( cont 'd ) no. uh-uh . no way . she pull out she own phone and dial krista . krista ( 0.s. ) oh how funny , I just call you bro , can I call you right back ? nadine no you can not , krista . I really do not know how to feel about this whole you suddenly phone darian thing . krista okay , I do not really see what the big -- nadine the big deal be you can just call I , and after we talk , if there 's time , and he 's around , and I have any minute leave , I will maybe consider hand it to he . suddenly darian 's door fly open , he rip nadine 's cell phone out of she hand , then shut and lock it again . nadine scream , bang on the door . mona walk up just in time to observe this . mona hey watch it , that 's nice wood . nadine if he think I be just gonna sit back as he steal my best friend and try to edge I out , he have no idea how wrong he be ! no idea ! she stomp to she room , slam the door . mona look concerned . she walk over to the door , knock . mona honey , can I tell you something ? it worry I when you be nostril do that thing . there 's no answer . 46 . ext . shhs / flagpole - lunch time darian be introduce krista to the flagpole crowd . except for Carly , they all greet she warmly . heather and emilie ( 18 ) two cute popular blond , befriend she immediately . heather I love you outfit , you shirt be so cute , where would you get it ? krista thanks . forever 21 I think ? emilie wow , that 's so cool you be not even embarrassed to admit that . we should totally all hang out sometime . just then , nadine come up , squeeze herself between krista and darian , put a arm around each , big smile . nadine so where be we go to lunch today , kiddo ? krista you be in a good mood . nadine you know , I think about it more , and I be actually kind of look forward to all the time the three of we will be spend together ... darian ( dream on ) all the time ? nadine speak of which , I know how busy you be darian , so I go ahead and pick this up for you . she pull out he new month' prescription of ibs pill , make a big spectacle of it . he redden , grab it away , stuff it in he backpack . nadine ( cont 'd ) do not be embarrassed . a lot of people have ibs . I bet a ton of you friend do , too . ( continued ) 47 . continued : darian you better shut you mouth right now , nad -- nadine excuse I everybody , darian' concerned he's the only one who have really bad irritable bowel syndrome to the point of seeing like 4 specialist and nobody can solve the mystery of he super overactive butthole . would you just raise you hand if you have it too ? nobody raise they hand . nadine ( cont 'd ) huh . I guess I stand correct . darian want to die . smash CUT to : annoy the shit out of darian montage -- int . jack in the BOX - day at lunch , nadine monopolize the conversation with krista , make it impossible for darian to join in . nadine -+. so he dick she over at the rise ceremony and she 's sobbing in the limo and the blonde chick with the jay leno chin be just like " oh wow , it 's true , he love I and my chin , " but really ... darian 's in hell have to listen to this crap . int . movie theater - night darian and krista watch a scary movie . as the action swell , they start to snuggle together , get cozy . nadine lean in from out of frame , hold out a box of candy . nadine Care for a milk dud ? it totally kill the moment . darian grit he tooth . ( continued ) 48 . continued : darian ( whisper ) do she really have to be here ? krista she 's my best friend . int . mall — day nadine keep yanking krista into girlie store to try stuff on , make darian wait outside the dress room for they . he 's bored to death , fall asleep . ext . nadine's house - evening darian 's on the front porch try to give krista a good - night kiss , but can not relax enough to do it , since a few foot away nadine have the garden hose out , water the lawn . darian you seriously have to do that right now ? nadine yeah , like the low precipitation be my fault . he roll he eye , really tired of deal with this . darian ( to krista ) I will just see you later . nadine fight a smile . it 's work . int . chemistry CLASS - day erwin and nadine be lab partner , do a experiment . she have the spring back in she step . erwin do you guy find a new lunch spot or something ? I have not see you around this week . nadine it 's a long story . erwin oh. do it have to do with krista officially become girlfriend - boyfriend with darian ? ( continued ) continued : 49 . nadine ( immediately look up ) what ? when do this happen ? that 's impossible ! erwin I - I be not sure of the exact time and location . a gossipy girl in front of they turn around . gossipy girl yesterday at 11:45 by the flagpole . nadine I can not believe this . erwin I kinda can , they have be hang out a lot . nadine and it 's be hellish the whole time ! God , why would she not tell I ? now they be probably go to that stupid slutty girl 's party tonight , too ... erwin what stupid slutty girl ? nadine I forget she name . Brown hair , she pube remind she of curly fries ? the gossipy girl spin around again . gossipy girl Carly corvetti . she go out with darian for a week sophomore year before he dumped she and she try to kill herself with a schick quattro . she 's never get over he . never . nadine let out a groan , put she head in she hand . nadine everything suck . everything suck a big wang right now . erwin think a sec . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) erwin okay , but what if tonight you do something really cool to just , you know , get you mind off thing ? like we could go to the La habra corn Festival where they have ride and game and probably maybe corn ? or we could play mini-golf again ? or go to souplantation and eat like 45 bowl of soup and just be like , " woooo00e , we be eat so much soup , we be have so much fun , la la la la ! " erwin wave he arm like he 's on a roller coaster . nadine I do not think so . erwin yeah , I be totally just kid about all that . ah ha ha ha ... ehh . int . nadine's room - friday night nadine eat peanut butter cup and stare in the mirror , give herself fake plastic surgery with q-tip . one in each hand , she pinch she nose to make it smaller , then lift up she eye , then peel she lip back for a angelina jolie effect . it look ridiculous . krista stand at she door . krista sorry I do not tell you earlier , I just be not sure how you would take it . nadine be you kid ? I be so happy for you guy , I think it 's great . nadine put on a big fake smile . krista 's not sure whether to buy it . krista then why will not you come to this party with we , it will be fun . nadine I tell you , I just feel like have a night in , ya know ? clean my room ... finally catch up with harold ... ( continued ) 51 . continued : she gesture to harold , she beta fish . she notice he 's float upside down . krista be he okay ? nadine I think that 's just how he sleep . she tap on he tank . nothing . maybe not . darian ( come out of he room ) let 's do it . he head for the stair . krista sure you do not wanna come ? nadine I be good . go , go , have fun . krista hesitates a sec , but nadine wave she off with a grin . she leave and nadine drop the smile , then move to she window , watch the two of they walk down the driveway hand in hand , darian sweetly help krista into the passenger seat . something about it make she feel like absolute shit . there 's a knock at the door , mona and Jerry pop in . mona you be really gonna stay home tonight ? why do not you just tag along with we ? nadine because I be have some I - time , why do everyone act like that 's so pathetic , it 's actually very healthy , okay ? jerry not if it 's a Friday night . that just make you a loser . Hell , even at we age . nadine thanks , Jerry ! ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) mona he do not mean it like that . come on , we will have fun . believe it or not , you mom be not that awful to hang out with . nadine think about it , not so sure . nadine what be you guy gonna do ? int . super k-mart - a little later Jerry and mona be huddle around the scratcher lotto ticket vending machine up near the cash register . they have scratch about 30 ticket and keep shove dollar into the machine . it 's poor man 's Las Vegas . mona ( hold up ticket ) oh my god , I win 2 dollar ! jerry yay ! I will go redeem it with the guy . here , scratch this , nadine . he hand she a strip of ticket and a dime for scratch . nadine this be where you guy hang out on weekend ? mona we go to target , too , but you know , they can get all uppity ... mona crack open a mike' hard lemonade from the 6 - pack they just purchase there . nadine can you just drink that here , mom ? mona not really . I bring a thermos . she pull a thermos out of she purse . nadine 's in hell . ext . carly corvetti's house party / front yard - same time total madness . kid pass out on the lawn , a dude pee in a bird fountain . 53. ext . carly corvetti's house party / backyard - continuous as krista and darian make they way through the party , people eye she up and down , check out darian 's new catch . if he like she , she must be hot . krista I might be paranoid and just need medication , but I feel like everyone here be stare at I . darian they be . follow I , I be gonna grab another beer . as she follow he through the crowd , the sophomore girl who make the twin comment to nadine , gaze at she , mesmerize . sophomore girl # 1 you be so beautiful , you hair 's so awesome ! sophomore girl # 2 I know , and I love how you own you freckle and just say screw it to orthodontia ! krista uh , thanks ... one of they snap a cell - phone pic of she , enamor . int . carly corvetti's house party - continuous darian crack open a beer , hand she one . just then , Heather run over from the makeshift dance floor , grab krista . heather come on , come dance with we ! before she know it , she 's with a big group of popular girl all dance in a circle . they cheer , push she into the center of it . she 's tentative at first , but start to let go , have a blast with this newfound popularity . int . souplantation - a little later nadine and erwin make they way down a giant soup buffet . nadine thanks , I really appreciate it . you do not have to get all dress up , honestly . ( continued ) 54 . continued : erwin 's in a full - on suit & tie . he look like he 's go to a wedding . and he 's incredibly nervous . erwin oh , no , no , I be just -- I be just dress like this when you call . nadine nod , not buy it . she move down the buffet line . nadine mmm , clam chowder . erwin ooh , I love clam , I could eat clam all night long . ( eye bulge , realize ) no ! I do not mean it like that . I seriously mean the real clam , not the other clam ! no , I mean the other one be fine , too , it 's great ! ( beat ) what I be try to tell you be that I like shellfish and I also like the other shellfish -- at least hypothetically -- but only one of that thing would I announce at full volume in the souplantation . nadine just look at he . nadine erwin ? erwin yes ? nadine let 's not have anymore caffeine tonight . erwin ( nod ) just water . ext . LA habra corn festival - a little later erwin munch on a giant ear of corn while nadine eat chocolate cover bacon . they wait in line for the ferris wheel . erwin 's relaxed a little . ( continued ) 55 . continued : nadine you know , I think chocolate bacon would be bad , and I be surprised to say : it 's actually worse than that . it 's just a total miss on every level . erwin I be sorry . nadine it 's not you fault . unless you invent it ? erwin no . that be not I . nadine that be a joke . I do not actually think you invent chocolate bacon . erwin okay . it 's they turn . they buckle up in the ferris wheel . erwin ( cont 'd ) here we go ... nadine ( as it take off ) wooooo0o0 ! they reach the top . erwin wow , look at that view ... tree and building be completely block the view . nadine laugh . nadine I think I can see catalina ... erwin smile . they settle in . nadine ( cont 'd ) so , tell I something while we be on the ferris wheel . what be you hope and dream , erwin ? what do want out of life ? ( continued ) continued : beat . 56 . ( 2 ) erwin oh , I do not know . I be just a average guy I guess . nadine but if you have to expand for the two minute we be on this ride . erwin well , I guess I do kinda wish people at school do not just automatically stereotype I as the nerdy asian kid ... there 's a lot more to I than that , and I feel like if they could see it , they would realize I be actually , well ... kinda cool even . nadine yeah ? like how ? erwin I be mean , not to brag or sound totally full of myself , but , for instance ... I be a crazy talented flautist . nadine as in ... you play the flute ? erwin not just boring mozart stuff , I can play anything , I really jam on that thing . not to brag . another beat . nadine this be just a suggestion , erwin , but if the goal be to up you cool factor , I be not exactly sure " flautist " be the best approach . erwin shrug . yeah , maybe not ... she sigh , erwin how about you ? what do you want out of life ? look off . ( continued ) continued : they just 57 . ( 3 ) nadine I like animal a lot . we do not really have any except for a cat who shit a bunch and it get old . someday I would really love to own a monkey ... erwin a monkey ? nadine they be illegal , it 's almost impossible , I would have to get like 20 permit . I have think about buy one off the internet , but I read about this girl who spend she life savings to get a squirrel monkey from Thailand and then it die 2 day later . that story depressed the crap out of I , I could not get out of bed for day . erwin that 's terrible . I be so sorry . nadine it 's okay . sort of sit there a second , reflect on that . erwin lean over and open-mouth kiss she . nadine ( cont 'd ) ( push he off ) what the hell be you do ?! erwin what ?! I do not know ! be that bad timing ?! I think that be good timing ? we be on the ferris wheel , you be sad about the monkey , I be comforting you ? nadine oh. my. god. erwin okay . sorry . that be weird then . that be bad . nadine we gotta get off this thing . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 4 ) erwin ( as they near the bottom ) Excuse I , sir , can you let we off ? she would like to be let -- but they keep go around for another turn . nadine it 's fine . it 's okay . erwin no , I feel awful . I be gonna make it up to you . I do not know how yet , but I am. ( beat ) maybe I should pay you . nadine you be not pay I . erwin not . no I be not . int . carly corvetti's house party / live room - later krista be still dance with the popular girl when across the room , she notice Carly stand close to darian , flirt it up . Heather see it , too . heather yeah , you prob'ly want to break that up , actually . Carly 's kind of a massive ho if the way she labia 's hang out of she short have not clue you in . krista observe they , a little uncomfortable . she finally go over . krista hey ... Carly back off a little , fake-smile . carly oh hi. darian tearin ' it up out there . ( continued ) 59 . continued : carly I know , you forehead - sweat be like hello . ( fake laugh ) krista wipe she face , self - conscious . darian you look great . you ready to get out of here soon ? krista sure . carly seriously ? it 's barely lam . darian I be a old man , Carly . I can not keep up with you . carly so that be the problem ? darian give she a look , put he arm around krista . darian thanks for the party . ext . nadine's house - later that night erwin pull he parent ' mini van in front of nadine 's house . erwin I have a good time . nadine I , too . thanks again . see you Monday ? erwin ( smile , thumb up ) Monday funday . nadine jump out and erwin wave goodbye . as soon as she close the door , he smile drop . erwin ( cont 'd ) you be a idiot and you be go to go kill yourself now , okay ? okay . 60 . int . nadine's live room - moment later the house be dark and quiet . nadine put down she stuff , stand there a moment , not sure what to do . she flip on the home computer , log onto Facebook ... she scroll through status update and mobile upload -- everyone in the entire world be have more fun than she be . she click on dan godwine page ( hot soccer Dan ) , she cursor hang over the send friend request button for a moment . she chicken out , go back to the home page . and that's where she sees it : " krista kaller have change she profile picture . " she click it open to see : it 's go from a pic of krista and nadine , to a pic of krista and darian upload at the party . they could not look happier . nadine stare at it in disbelief . piss , she go to she own page , click " upload new profile pic , " then open she iphoto , search for a pic of herself with someone other than krista . except ... they be all with krista . she close iphoto , frustrated . drum she nail . then boom , a idea ! ext . nadine's backyard - next day Jerry teach nadine to play croquet . mona sunbathes nearby . jerry so what you wanna do be line this up real straight and keep you eye on the thingy , you see ? now just take a little swing ... nadine hit the ball and it go right through the thingy . jerry ( cont 'd ) see ! see that ?! ha ! I always say to you mom , I do not understand why the kid will not play croquet with I , croquet 's a damn good time , it 's a game of -- nadine 's cell phone ring and she abandon Jerry mid - sentence . fishing it out of she purse , she let it ring a few more time , before : ( continued ) continued : nadine ( sooooco nonchalant ) oh hey krista ... int . krista' bedroom —- continuous krista sit at she desk in front of she laptop . between the two of they . krista so I see you change you profile picture . nadine oh ... do I ? yeah , I guess I do . krista I be ... not really sure what to say about it . 61 . intercut krista lean into she computer screen , get a closer look . in the pic , nadine be hang out at golf N stuff with she arm around ... al pacino . it 's a pretty good photoshop job , but the dimension be still slightly off . nadine yeah , I be still pretty speechless myself ... krista you photoshop yourself at golf N stuff with my favorite actor . nadine how do you know I photoshop it ? you do not know that . krista he 's wear a tuxedo . nadine so . so what . he 's Al pacino , he 's very comfortable in formal wear . krista nadine . nadine listen , I have just be think a lot lately , okay ? and the thing be , last night I realize something important . ( continued ) continued : beat . 62 . ( 2 ) krista and what 's that . nadine we be not siamese twin , so we have to stop act like they . krista okay ...? nadine it 's not like we share a torso and since you decide to become a country singer I just have to stand there smile and play the tambourine even though I hate country music and I be only do it because you have the liver . krista what be you try to say right now ? nadine my point be , we be too codependent . I think we need space . krista Space ? nadine Space . krista well , I do not want space . nadine I know , it will be very rough . krista I do not know why you be say all this . I feel like it 's because of darian . nadine nope . nope . not at all why . krista I feel like it be . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) nadine no . anyway , this be good , we will just give each other some breathe room and ... uh ... touch base sometime in the future , I guess ? krista sigh . ext . shhs / performing art hall - lunch time nadine approach the school 's concert hall when she get a text from krista : " where R U ? waiting 4 U 4 lunch . " ext . shhs / penis tree - continuous krista wait under they tree , get a text back from nadine : " sorry . have plan . " she 's shake she head , click off she phone . int . shhs / performing art hall - continuous Inside the concert hall , nadine find a couple of band member practice , erwin take he flute out of its case . nadine so this be where you eat lunch . I never know . erwin oh hi . hey . yeah , we practice in here sometimes . this be my friend , brandon and boyd . brandon and boyd , 16 , be identical twin . blonde , lanky , rosacea -face . they be not dress the same , but close . nadine hey , have anyone tell you guy you kinda look alike ? they just stare blankly at she . nadine ( cont 'd ) interesting how much better that joke be in my head . erwin we can go somewhere else if you want . ( continued ) 64 . continued : nadine no , no , practice . I bring my burrito . erwin oh ... well , I do not know ... nadine do not be nervous , I will not look at you , I will just stare at my foot if that help . erwin uh ... alright . as erwin get up he nerve , nadine find a seat in the theatre , pull out she burrito . erwin start out slow , then gather confidence , until finally break into a awesome rendition of come on eileen by dexy 's Midnight runner . he jam on it , add a badass beat-box element . nadine drop she burrito , watch he in awe . it 's absolutely fuck incredible . when he finish , she give he a stand ovation . nadine Holy shit , be you kid I , erwin ?! he kick the ground , bashful . erwin oh , be quiet ... ( then ) wait , you mean that in , like , a good way , right ? nadine I can not believe you just beat- box on that thing . who be you ?! erwin that 's a new technique I be try out . nadine I do not know how else to say this , but you have single - handedly make be a flautist insanely cool . erwin smile ear to ear , he could receive no bigger compliment . 65 . ext . shhs parking lot - after school nadine 's still sing and snap as she walk toward the school bus pick -up . nadine come on eileen , oh I swear what he mean , at this moment you mean eeeeevverythinnnnng ... just then , she spot krista across the parking lot , kissing darian goodbye . he head off to football practice , and jump into Heather 's wait convertible with four other popular girl . Heather turn up she music and the girl hoot and cheer as they screech off . nadine suddenly feel like absolute crap , a lump gather in she throat . not only be she plan not work -- it 's completely backfire . int . nadine's garage - later darian be lift weight in the garage when nadine burst through the door , announce : nadine krista have dandruff ! darian what ? nadine there 's a costco-size bottle of head and shoulder in she shower , if you do not believe I . if she do not use it ? flake the size of shave coconut . not exaggerate . darian set down the weight , sense what this be . darian nadine , I know exactly what you be do and it 's not -- nadine in the 7th grade , she have chronic bacne . he start push she out of the garage . darian get out . ( continued ) 66 . continued : nadine people use to call she unusually lot of bacne person . nobody even take the time to give she a clever name ! darian nadine -- he 's force she out the door . nadine one time , she run out of pad and use she dad 's tube sock ! he 's get she out of the garage . darian g'bye ! nadine freshman year she pooped in a tupperware container ! this tidbit make darian pause a beat . then he slam the door on she . int . nadine's bedroom - that night nadine toss and turn in bed , unable to sleep because she can hear darian on the phone with krista . he 's giggle and do a little cutesy - wootsey voice . she finally throw a book at the wall . nadine you have be on the phone for 2 hour . and stop do that baby voice , you be a grow freaking man ! he just giggle louder . she give up , switch on she tv , turn the volume up to drow he out . flip through channel , she land on the 1970' film , carrie . she 's about to change it , but then something about it intrigue she ... int . shhs / hallway - morning nadine find krista at she locker . ( continued ) continued : 67 . nadine I need to talk to you about something . krista oh you mean like a actual conversation ? not just rush I off the phone or disappear on I ? nadine I know , I be sorry . but I figure something out last night . something big . krista okay . nadine I be worried you will freak out when I tell you , though , because it 's really unfair to you and it might involve pig 's blood . krista it might involve pig 's blood ? nadine and worse possibly . fire . John travolta 's car explode . krista what the hell be you talk about , nadine . nadine have you ever see the movie , carrie ? krista I have never even hear of that movie . nadine so there 's this girl , carrie , and she 's all dick up ' cause she mom 's a psycho and make she read the bible 20 hour a day or some shit , I miss the beginning . but the point be , there be this prick popular kid who think it 's funny to befriend she and act like she 's one of they . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 68 . ( 2 ) nadine ( cont 'd ) the hot guy in school start dating she and everything . but it 's all one big set up . and the next thing carrie know , she 's at the prom drench in blood and she eyeball go all freaky and she murder like a bajillion people . krista and so you be say ? nadine that -- and I be sorry because I know this suck to hear -- darian 's be screwing with you , krista . krista just look at she . krista you think he ask I to be he girlfriend as a dare , basically . nadine or probably to get back at someone . or to make someone jealous . and probably that girl with the curly fry pube be my best guess . krista 's conflict . nadine ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . seriously . you do not deserve this and I be so sorry . krista swallow , suddenly feel sick . int . shhs krista be hallway - a little later / between class darian why would you ever believe that ? my sister 's a imbecile , you know she well enough to know that . upset , hold back tear . they creep behind a bush for privacy , but kid still eye they on they way to class . krista well , it sorta make sense though , especially consider ... darian consider what ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : krista the way Carly act all in love with you and be always such a huge bitch to I ! darian and you think that mean I like she ? krista I do not understand why you do not like she ! she model , she 's in every single yearbook photo , she 's get that big perfect boob that every guy dream of ! darian and she 's psychotic ! and she 's on 50 anti-depressant ! and that big perfect boob be not even real ! krista they be not ? darian no , they be , I just think that would help my argument . krista 's not in the mood . darian ( cont 'd ) no , you know what ? I be take care of this right now . he shut he locker , angry . krista but the bell already ring . darian just follow I . darian stomp off , krista hesitates a moment , then follow after he . he head into -- int . nadine's health CLASS - continuous darian march right past mr. perry ( 40' ) who 's write something on the chalkboard . nadine study a plastic uterus . ( continued ) 70 . continued : nadine what be you do ? you can not just walk in here and interrupt we learn ! darian ( to the teacher ) I be borrow she for a second . nadine he do not have a hall pass , Mr. perry ! he 's hurt my finger ! oh god , he have I in a choke hold ! Mr. perry just shrug and turn back to he blackboard . ext . nadine's chemistry CLASS - continuous the two of they burst out the door , darian still have she head lodge under he armpit . nadine ( notice krista ) what the hell be this ? darian apologize and tell she you be a dumbshit for what you say . nadine I be not tell she crap ! darian tell she mom eat too much soft cheese when she have you , and that 's why you be a retard and a dumbshit . nadine fuck you , she never care for soft cheese and you know it ! nadine try to kick he shin . darian squeeze tighter . krista look on , alarmed . krista darian , let go of she , do not do this . darian tell she you be sorry for make up storey about crapping in tupperware ! ( continued ) 71 . continued : krista 's eye bulge . what do he just say ? nadine stop it , let go of I ! he finally let go . darian I be go to class . he walk off , leave krista and nadine stand there . nadine straighten she clothes . nadine thanks a lot for the help there , my neck 's about to be snap and you be like -- ( imitate , eye she nail ) wow , I should really get my cuticle cut ... krista you tell he about the tupperware ?! nadine what ? I be sorry ... krista why would you tell he that ?! nadine I do not know , it just ... slip out in conversation . krista do you at least say it be you fault , because you refuse to pull over ?! nadine because I be try to get to Harry Potter on time because they be you favorite movie ! krista God , you be unbelievable . I be so sick of this bullshit ! nadine oh whatever , you love every minute ! oooh , I have five million new Facebook friend , look at I , I be hot shit all the sudden ! ( continued ) continued : 72 . ( 2 ) krista you just can not deal with the fact that I be actually happy and have a boyfriend and a couple friend other than you ! nadine oh right , get over yourself ! krista you get over yourself ! I be so try of kissing you ass and begging you to be okay with I and darian , I do not give a shit anymore ! I be do ! nadine good , you think I give a crap ?! I be do , too ! d-o- wn ! ( realize ) e! krista stalk off . nadine watch she go , a lump gather in she throat . int . erwine parent ' minivan - later erwin nervously fuss with the radio , adjust the volume . erwin be my talk radio too loud for you ? nadine have the passenger seat recline to the horizontal position , she jacket over she face . nadine it 's fine . erwin eye she anxiously , not sure what to do . erwin do you want some food ? I have a Rice krispie treat in my glovebox , I can check if it 's expire ? nadine no . nadine pull the jacket off she face , look over at he . nadine ( cont 'd ) I be sorry you have to deal with I , erwin . you be always so nice . ( more ) ( continued ) 73 . continued : nadine ( cont 'd ) it make I feel like a horrible person . erwin you be not horrible . nadine I be not good like you . I steal from the nut bin at von ... I do not really like old people ... erwin I would steal nut . I would totally steal a nut . nadine look off , heave a sigh . nadine I want to just leave and run away and move to Alaska ... erwin look concerned . ext . starbucks - a little later krista sit with Heather and the other popular girl , sip frappuccino and study . she can not concentrate , the fight with nadine replaying in she head . Heather notice . heather you okay ? do you have too much caffeine and now you can not concentrate and it 's make you fidgety and frustrated and also a little horny in a weird way ? krista um . I think I just have a lot on my mind . heather hmmm . krista shake it off , try to focus . ext . nadine's roof - a little later while mona and Jerry make dinner , nadine be splay out on the live room floor , hollow eye gaze hopelessly at the popcorn ceiling . ( continued ) 74 . continued : mona I be not sure you want to lay on the carpet , I have not vacuume up the cat hair in a while . nadine uh huh . mona come on , nader , why do not you make the hummus for I ? we could use some help . nadine please do not call I nader , it 's too close to neuter , I do not like it . mona shake she head . mona you be so sensitive lately . nadine 's phone ring : krista . she immediately snap out of she coma , take the phone and run out to -- ext . nadine's front porch - continuous nadine try to figure out how she 's go to play this . finally : nadine ( mad Men voice ) good afternoon , draper residence . krista roll she eye , play along . intercut with she outside Starbucks . krista hi Betty , it 's Joan . just call to say I bone you husband because my booby be massive and it 's what we have all be wait for . nadine I be sorry , I believe you have the wrong number . Goodbye . krista nadine , wait . I be sorry for what I say , I feel really bad about it , I can not think about anything else . ( continued ) continued : nadine soften , drop the act . nadine I know , I too ... I be really sorry I tell he about ... the incident . I kinda spill the bean on some other stuff , too , I feel really guilty ... krista I do not know if I want to know . nadine probably not . krista I think maybe it would help if we spend some time together , you know ? quality time , just you and I , like the olden day . nadine I would really like that . krista how about this weekend ? nadine great . sound like a dealio . ( beat ) punch I if I ever say " sound like a dealio " again , ' kay ? krista laugh . krista ' kay . ext . shhs hallway - next day nadine and erwin walk and talk . erwin well , that 's really positive . nadine yeah , I think so . erwin it 's like the say , " sometimes it take a big fight to move along and repair thing and get all better and stuff ... " 75 . ( continued ) 76 . continued : nadine that do not sound like a say . erwin it 's ... a Korean proverb . he 's the worst liar ever . absolutely terrible . nadine ( roll she eye , laugh ) I love you , erwin . erwin grin . ext . cafe 5u' restaurant - friday night a campy throw - back restaurant with waitress in poodle skirt , on rollerskate . int . cafe 5u' restaurant - continuous nadine and krista follow the hostess , slide into the booth , sit , just look at each other . it 's almost like a first date . nadine well , here we be . krista here we be ... nadine just you and I . krista you and I . krista ( cont 'd ) so ... what 's new with you ? nadine not much . what 's new with you as long as it do not have to do with darian , fun thing you have do together , the flagpole , or darian ? krista I guess not much either then . they just stare at each other for a few more beat , not much more to say . krista clear she throat , pick up the menu . krista ( cont 'd ) tuna melt sound good ... ( continued ) continued : 77 . nadine oh god , you be read off the menu because we have nothing to talk about . krista no I be not , I just like tuna melt . nadine since when ? krista since ... I do not know . recently ? nadine ( Dramatic soap opera voice ) it 's like we do not even know each other anymore ... krista laugh . krista you hair look good by the way . nadine really ? I be wear a bump -it . krista you head look amazing . huge and amazing . nadine you always know the exact right thing to say to I . krista laugh . nadine ( cont 'd ) hey , I gotta see how we hotdog suit turn out . she 's do with they , right ? krista um , yeah . nadine I just hope they do not chafe or get a billion degree , you know what I mean ? krista ( hesitates a sec ) yeah , well , uh -- ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) before she can finish , the waitress roll over . waitress so what be we have , lady ? nadine do tuna melt and Dr. pepper please . ( clarifies ) do be espanol for two . the waitress give she a look . you think I do not know that ? nadine ( cont 'd ) oh. and espanol be Spanish for Spanish . waitress ( beat ) thank you . she roll away . nadine lean across table , lower she voice . nadine that 's my new thing I do , I tell people really obvious shit like they do not know it . that nice green stuff outside be call ' grass . ' it keep I entertained . krista laugh at how weird this be . krista I have miss you , dude . int . bowling alley - a little later krista key they bowl name into the score board . nadine walk up with a couple of drink . nadine awww yeah , take a sip of this . krista ( take a sip ) woah , how would you ...? nadine ( smile big ) I make friend with the bartender . krista that guy ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : krista eye the creepy - looking bartender . he wave . nadine all we have to do be take some pic in he van later . krista sound perfectly safe to I . they clink glass , have fun . nadine pick up she ball . nadine alright God , if I get a strike right now , it mean hot soccer Dan will be my future husband and krista will one day pee-pee and wipe she you - know with hundred dolla billz . nadine go for it . it veer to the leave , then back to the right , aaaaaand .... strike ! krista hhhhhoooooca000 ! !!! nadine ( victory arm ) double rainbow across the sky ! they high - five each other , dance around . CUT to : happy bowling montage -- krista do a few twirl and throw the ball with much pizazz . it go right into the gutter . -- nadine toss the ball backwards through she leg , it bounce into another lane , knock somebody else 's ball off course . -- the bartender slide two White Russians in front of the girl , wink . -- krista gutterball it again . this time , she run after it , pull it out , and bowl it again from the middle of the lane . -- krista throw a spare . she and nadine lock arm , do a square - dance jig . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) -- krista and nadine pretend to ice skate in they slippery bowl shoe . -- krista and nadine be now bowl with the rough - looking old couple next to they who wear match bowl shirt with flaming ball and pin . another round of drink . -- the old man show krista proper bowl form , while the old woman take nadine on a tour of she numerous tatoos . -- nadine and krista be wear the old couple 's bowling shirt now , all four of they with they arm around each other , sway and sing creedence Clearwater 's have you ever see the rain at the top of they lung . ext . bowling alley - later the girl help the couple into they 1980 's motorhome . nadine you guy be invite to the holiday , I just want you to know . krista and next time we be all get match tattoo . nadine yes ! badass one . a dragon give it to a beaver or something . ( beat ) I be just gonna leave it to the tattoo artist . nadine close the door , they wave and drive off . krista shake she head . krista oh , what a night . nadine ( sing ) oh what a night ! Da da da da back in ' 63 ! krista ( sing along ) what a very special time for I ! nadine krista as I remember , what a night ! as I remember , what a night ! ( continued ) 81 . continued : nadine gayest song ever . krista how do we even know that song ? nadine because we be humongous gaylord . it 's official , they be back in they old bff swing . heather ( 0.s. ) krista , no way , what be you do here ? they turn around to see Heather and she 4 popular friend approach . nadine 's demeanor immediately shift . krista oh , hi . we be just leave . this be my best friend , nadine . nadine , this be Heather , Jen , Emily , and sienna . nadine smile awkwardly , suddenly feel very uncool . nadine hola ... they all wave and say hi . heather hey , so do you end up get that dress you try on or what ? krista um ... ( glance at nadine ) yeah . yeah I do . heather cool , and futch 's uncle 's gonna pay for we limo ' cause he 's super - load and want to fuck Jen . Jen nod . that 's right . krista oh good . great . heather anyway , we be meeting up with the guy , but we will see you later ? ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) krista yeah , have fun . as they walk off , krista turn to nadine , not sure what to say . nadine dress ...? limo ? krista well , uh -- nadine you be go to prom with they instead then . krista nadine , I -- nadine screw you , I do not want to go with you anyway ! nadine start speed - walk away , piss . krista nadine . wait ! nadine ! nadine walk faster , then turn around , add -- nadine you know what ? I hope you new friend still think you be cool after they get a load of the way you dance ! nadine imitate , do robot-hand and humping the air with a goofy facial expression . nadine ( cont 'd ) yeah . that 's how it look . I never want to tell you . krista do not know what to say , kind of stung . nadine turn around , keep walk . ext . nadine's STREET - later that night nadine wander up to she house . he foot be completely blister from the long walk . ouch , ouch , ouch , ouch . int . nadine's hallway - moment later she drag herself down the hallway , into -- int . nadine's bedroom - continuous 83 . her room be dark . she flip on she light and see krista sit on she bed , wait for she . nadine ew . that be creepy ! krista give I a chance to explain . nadine I do not want hear it . krista I be gonna tell you , I be gonna ask you to go with we . nadine oh kiss my ass ! we have plan and you just flushed they down the toilet without a second think ! krista that 's not true , I have the suit make and everything , I be plan on it and then -- nadine what ? krista and then -- nadine and then what , krista ? krista and then I realize I do not want be a freaking hotdog for prom ! I do not want to act like it 's just some big joke to I ! I want to wear a dress and do my hair and I want to go with a actual date , not you ! this hit nadine where it hurt . nadine get out . ( continued ) 84 . continued : krista I do not mean it like -- nadine get out of my room !!! nadine grab she by the shirt and push she towards the door . krista scream . darian open he bedroom door . darian what the hell 's go on ?! nadine keep push she down the hallway . krista start to cry , run off down the stair . the front door slam . darian ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! what be you problem ? nadine fight back tear . nadine why would you have to do it , darian ? you have everything in the world , why would you have to take my one friend , too ? darian pause . he never think of it like this . darian nadine ... she run back to she room , shut the door . fade to : ext . norfolk pond - day where we leave off from the open scene . nadine unzip she large duffle bag and begin to unload the content , include two massive foam hotdog suit . she gather it all up in she arm , ready to toss it in . a pass jogger see she . jogger Excuse I , that 's pollute . you can not do that . nadine what , you be gonna call the cop on I ? go ‘head . he take he cell phone out , start dial . ( continued ) 85 . continued : nadine ( cont 'd ) ah , crap . she quickly shove it all back in the bag . int . nadine's live room - day krista keep call nadine , but nadine keep press ignore . Ring , ignore . Ring , ignore . Ring , ignore . it 's like a little dance . ext . shhs hallway - day krista pass nadine in the hallway . she try to talk to she , but nadine walk right on by . int . nadine's live room - night nadine de-friend krista on Facebook . then un - follow she on twitter . then log onto myspace -- a billion blink pop - up ads clog the screen , it 's a total assault on the eye . nadine ahhhhhhh ! make it stop ! she can not handle it , immediately close out of it . int . shhs / performing art hall - lunch time while erwin practice the flute , nadine play sudoku with the twin . int . nadine's room - afternoon krista knock on nadine 's door again and again . nadine will not open it , turn animal planet up to a obnoxious volume to drow she out . ext . shhs flagpole - lunch time the popular group be laugh and have a good time , but krista 's mind be somewhere else . darian squeeze she hand , check if she 's alright . she nod , but this be take a toll on she . ext . shhs - lunch time the penis tree have be all alone for week now . two nerdy freshman boy walk by . they point and laugh at the carve , then notice the spot be now vacant , claim it as they own . ( continued ) 86 . continued : that 's it -- there 's no go back now . fade to : int . chemistry CLASS - day the whole class have they microscope out for a experiment where they put a piece of hair on a slide and alter it with chemical . erwin hey , um , come check out this crazy thing I find in my microscope . nadine what do enzyme do to the hair again ? turn it to goo or something ? erwin sorta , but just come look real quick . you have to see this . nadine go over and look into he microscope . spell out in piece of erwine hair be the word will you please go to prom with I ? nadine oh my god . how would you do that ?! erwin smile , super proud of himself . erwin it be extremely hard , I work on it for three week . nadine wow , that 's amazing ! erwin I know it 's last minute , but ... will you ? erwin 's smile be massive and sincere . nadine suddenly feel uncomfortable . nadine oh. um ... erwin , that 's so nice of you ... his smile start to fall , sense where this be go . ( continued ) 87 . continued : nadine ( cont 'd ) the thing be , I just ... I do not think prom 's really my thing , I be not plan to go . erwin swallow , he heart suddenly in he throat . just then , nadine overhear the gossipy girl talk on she cell phone . gossipy girl wait , do she dump darian or do darian dump she ? nadine ( try to hear ) what ? what would she say ? gossipy girl ( cover phone , tell lab partner ) krista dumped darian ! they be not go to prom tomorrow , she return she dress and everything ! nadine what ?! she do ?! lab partner why ?! gossipy girl I do not know , something about a girl ! ( into phone ) what girl ? who 's this girl ? ( beat , announce ) she forget she name but she 's hairy and kinda look like a human - version of alf ? nadine oh my god ! I be hairy and look like alf ! it 's totally I ! gossipy girl whatever . nadine no , it really be ! oh my god , erwin , can you believe this ? erwin can not say a word , still flatten from she rejection . 88 . ext . shhs hallway - a little later nadine run to find krista . she 's by she locker , Heather and the girl gather around consol she . they see nadine and back off , give they privacy . krista 's eye be swollen . nadine hey ... I hear what happen . krista wipe she nose , try to hold it together . nadine ( cont 'd ) I - I be sorry . krista be we friend again then ? nadine krista , of course , I ... krista ( burst into tear ) good . she cover she face , run off . nadine be stunne . a little way down , erwin be get book from he locker . nadine God , I think she 's really upset . he do not respond , chuck he chem book into he locker . nadine ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you ? erwin do you know how long it take I to snip all that hair and make they into little letter , especially the ' S ' on ' please ' ? nadine erwin -- erwin sometimes you be so busy think about yourself , you -- you forget about everybody else . he shut he locker , walk off . nadine swallow . int . mona' bathroom - afternoon nadine sit , fully clothed , in she mom 's empty whirlpool tub . she pick through a BOWL of potpourri , stare in a deep dark void . mona poke she head in . mona what be you do in here . mona notice the tear in she eye , come in . mona ( cont 'd ) well , base on the music darian 's play , I can take a wild guess what this be about . nadine look off , heave a sigh . nadine I feel awful ... mona walk over to the tub . mona mind if I join ? mona climb into the empty tub next to nadine . they just sit there silently a moment . mona ( cont 'd ) be not this what you be after the whole time . nadine not like this ... beat . nadine ( cont 'd ) I have never see krista cry like that before ... it be so sad . and then erwin , I even hurt erwin , and he 's the nicest person ever . last week he have a spider in he car and feel too bad kill it so he just keep try to shoo it out the window . it bit he like four time in the process ... she shake she head , think . ( continued ) continued : 90 . nadine ( cont 'd ) I do not know , mom ... I just want thing to be like they be , you know ? when darian come along it just change everything . mona put a arm around nadine , pull she close . mona honey , be friend would be easy if everything always stay the same ... you always live right down the street from each other , have the same hobby , be single and not -— single at the same time . but you grow up and realize you life be not always go to intersect so neatly . Hell , next year you two may go off to different college ... couple year after that , maybe she 's marry with a baby while you be out freaking some italian guy you just meet at the club . do they still call it " freaking " or be that over now ? nadine pretty sure that one 's do . mona you get my point though . a lot of friendship can not handle change . but the good one ... they adjust . if you really care about each other , you find a way to make it work . nadine let this sink in . after a moment , she put she arm around mona , hug she tight . nadine I love you , mom . mona I love you too , hon . ( beat , look around ) I be gonna take more bath . ext . darian be room - a little later rem 's " everybody hurt " wail from darian 's room . nadine knock . ( continued ) gl . continued : after a moment , he open the door , turn down the music . he 's eat a beef stick ( he 's already eat like 12 ) and look like a wreck . nadine I be sorry I be a asshole . darian sit down on the edge of he bed . darian I swear I never mean to mess up you life , nadine . nadine darian -- darian no , I be serious . I really wish I would have fall for somebody else , but I .... I can see why she 's you best friend . she 's amazing . nadine can tell how sincere he be . nadine you have gotta take she to prom tomorrow . darian she do not want to go . nadine I have a plan to fix that . I kinda need you assistance , though . darian what do you need ? nadine a ride some place , help with a few errand , and if you happen to know the lead singer of radiohead and / or someone who do sky-write ? darian ( be you kid I ? ) no. nadine might have to switch some thing around then . no biggie . darian laugh , throw she a beef stick . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 2 ) darian let 's do it . int . mall - afternoon darian and nadine burst through the mall door , where they meet Heather , quickly follow she up the escalator . int . shhs / men' locker room - early evening nadine follow darian into the empty man 's locker room . darian you can not tell anyone about this . nadine lock she lip , throw away the key . nadine so this be the guy 's locker room .. darian excite , huh . nadine smell like taco season . darian approach a storage closet label " field maintenance . " darian pretty sure it 's in here . ext . party CITY - evening darian idle outside party CITY . nadine run towards he , she arm load with shopping bag . she jump in , he zoom off . ext . erwin be house - night darian cut the engine , quietly roll up along erwin 's curb . they quietly slide out of the car , creep through the dark . nadine dive onto the grass , crawl on she belly military - style . darian ( whisper ) you think that 's necessary ? he 's just walk normally . nadine I do at first , but this grass be really wet . ( more ) ( continued ) 93 . continued : nadine ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) ‘kay , that 's poop , I be get up . she pop up . they tip - toe up the driveway . ext . habibi restaurant & dance club - night darian and nadine approach a crowded Persian dance Club , a line of club - goer down the block . even from the street , you can hear the Persian singer wailing away . darian this be it ? nadine that 's what mom tell I ... they get in line , both look very nervous about this . int . nadine's hallway - later it 's 2 be . nadine and darian be exhaust . they give each other a tired high - five , nadine collapse into bed . fade to : ext . erwine front porch - morning erwine dad open the front door , bend down to pick up the newspaper when something across the front yard catch he eye . he stand bolt upright . erwine dad ( in Korean ) erwin ! get out here right now ! erwin come to the door in he pajamas to behold : his mini - van have be decorate with a million colorful streamer , balloon , confetti , the window shoe - polished with little star and happy face and message like " erwin freaking rock ! " a huge smile spread across he face . ext . darian' pick - up truck - a little later nadine drive darian 's pick - up when she phone ring . intercut between she and erwin . ( continued ) 94 . continued : erwin ( 0.s. ) do you happen to decorate my mom 's van with a bunch of streamer and stuff ? nadine maybe . do you like it ? erwin it 's pretty amazing . nadine so ... be it too late to change my mind about prom ? erwin clear he throat . erwin for you , madame , I just may grant a extension ... ( beat ) that voice be kinda weird , sorry . nadine ( laugh ) I can not wait . nadine click the phone off just as she pull up outside krista' house , behind a park mercede . a person sit in the driver 's seat wave to she . she wave back . nadine ( cont 'd ) show time . nadine swallow , nervous . int . krista' bedroom - a few minute later krista be fold laundry on she bed when she hear something strange outside ... it almost sound like radiohead 's karma Police , except something about it be not quite right . she move to the open window , look down to see she 's be serenade by -- a persian man ( 45 ) -- big mustache , long pony tail , iridescent shirt unbuttone to reveal copious chest hair and gold jewelry . ( continued ) 95 . continued : he 's stand below she window with a guitar , sing karma Police in a very thick accent , about 10 x more up - tempo , and with lot of little middle - eastern vocal trill . he toss he hair and dance in place , feel the rhythm . during this performance , nadine push a little machine onto krista 's front lawn . it 's a football field painter . she wheel it across the grass , spelling out he word " I 'm sorry . " it 's not sky -write , but close . krista can not help but laugh . the dude finish the song and they both clap . nadine I want to get thom yorke but he be not available , and , well , my mom 's cousin hamayoun be . he 's kinda awesome though , right ? krista I can not believe you do all this . nadine ( be : field paint ) do not freak out , it come off . oh , also -- nadine pull a dress bag out of the pick - up : krista 's return prom gown . nadine ( cont 'd ) we have a appointment at the salon in 10 minute . krista grin . int . hair salon - a little later quick shot of the two girl get beautify by the same lady who wax nadine 's mustache : 1 . nadine 's nail be paint fire engine red . she make a little claw with she hand . arrrrggh . 2 . krista let out a series of yelp as she eyebrow get wax . 3 . nadine 's hair be flat-irone , plume of smoke come off it . " smoke be normal , right ? smoke be fine ? " ( continued ) 96 . continued : 4 . krista 's thin blonde hair be ratted and curl piece by piece . 5 . nadine pucker she lip for lipstick application . 6 . krista hold still as the final false eyelash be glue on . int . hair salon - later nadine be be spray with hair - spray when krista walk out of the back room , all ready : Dramatic make - up , hair in pin - curl , a slinky floor - length electric blue dress . a whole 1950 's Marilyn Monroe pin - up girl look . nadine Holy crap , you look hot . krista wait , I just realize , what be you gonna wear ? nadine I pick something up last night when we get you dress back . I might have lose my mind though . nadine duck into the other room just as erwin 's still - decorate minivan screech up to the curb , streamer fly , music blaring . darian and erwin hop out , both in tux , pump up for the night . darian who 's ready for proooommmm niiiiight ? erwin awwwww yeah ! we be gonna party on and on ' till the break of dawn ! or ' till we get tired ! nadine walk out in a short , funky , zebra - print dress . it 's a style all she own , she look awesome . darian wow , sis . nadine be the zebra print too much ? I be aim for something between " I 'ma party animal " and " I watch a lot of Animal Planet . " what do you think ? ( continued ) 97 . continued : erwin bullseye . krista you look amazing . nadine smile . nadine ( v.0 ) all in all , prom night turn out to be pretty big success . int . shhs prom - later a live band play , everyone dance they ass off . nadine , krista , darian , and erwin tear it up . nadine ( v.o. ) the food be good . lotta white guy get drunk and think they could breakdance . futch try to do a spin on he back , but just sort of awkwardly roll around on the floor . nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) erwin 's friend seem to be have fun , too . a few foot away , erwin 's twin buddy , brandon and boyd , be wear the hotdog suit and get a shitload of attention from girl , include Carly corvetti . she vigorously freak one of the hotdog . carly be that a foot long ? he smile huge . nadine turn to krista . nadine I will be right back , ' kay ? she weave through the crowd towards the live band , when a hand grab she shoulder . she look back to see the hand belong to hot soccer Dan . nadine ( cont 'd ) ( freeze , flushed ) oh. hi. ( continued ) 98 . continued : the moment have finally come . he look she right in the eye . hot soccer dan you ... just step in vomit . nadine ( beat ) thank you so much . he nod and walk off . nadine beam , cheerily step out of the barf . nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) yep . thing be really look up . she head towards the stage , whisper something to the lead singer of the band . he nod and they start to play Michael Jackson 's beat it . the crowd go nut . nadine gesture to one of the twin , who pull erwin 's flute out of he hotdog suit , hand it to he . erwin whoa . .. what ? nadine why do not you show this asshole who 's boss . erwin 's a deer in headlight . nadine smile , urging he on . after a moment , he start tentatively play along . a small crowd gather . he gain confidence and the crowd get bigger and bigger until everyone at prom be watch he tear it up , beat - box like a badass . a nerdy little prom - goer look at the massive cheer crowd , disappointed in himself . nerdy prom-goer I should have never quit flute ... nadine ( v.o. ) from there the night be kind of a blur , but go something like this : time CUT -- nadine ( v.o. ) we dance a bunch more . 1 . krista do she famous humping - robot dance . 2 . nadine slow - dance with a hotdog . 3 . erwin and darian whip they hair to Willow Smith 's whip my Hair . 99 . time CUT -- nadine ( v.o. ) we take some picture . insert : Series of funny , awkwardly - pose prom photo . time CUT -- nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they play the last song . band' lead singer last song , party people ! time CUT -- everyone 's arm be lock , sing along to bye bye miss american pie . nadine ( v.o. ) some chick cry . as they sing along , several girl weep . " School 's almost over ... " even nadine & krista fight a tear . time CUT -- nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we decide to go to denny 's . they walk into denny 's . at 3 be , it look like the runway for the apocalypse . every patron seem vaguely suicidal . nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we decide not to go denny 's . time CUT -- nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we finally make it back home . they pile out of erwin 's van with bag of in-n- out . int . nadine's live room - night nadine ( v.o. ) and as I drift off to sleep that night -- they be spread across the live room in sleep bag , everyone pass out except nadine . ( continued ) 100 . continued : nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) erwin drool peacefully on the decorative pillow next to I , krista and darian snore in perfect sync ... I be overcome with a rare but unmistakable feel : a small , almost undetectable smile come across she face . nadine ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) thing be pretty alright . as nadine 's eye flutter shut , we --- fade out . the end .