the elephant man written by Christopher De vore , Eric bergren &amp ; David Lynch base on " the elephant man , a Study in human dignity " by Ashley montagu black fade in : abstract dream close - up of a gold frame miniature portrait of JOHN merrick mother ( tune or melody over she picture , heartbeat ) , which dissolves to close - up of real mother smile a shadow come over she face . close - up of elephant ear , trunk , face move . Dark , heavy foot stomping elephant trumpet , rear up . powerful hit and the mother fall . darker . trunk slide over mother 's face and breast and stomach , leave a moist trail . motherus Pov of elephant 's mouth , eye , skin . mother 's face twist and freeze in a blurred snap roll . black again . knock , knock sound . curtain open to horrify face . CUT to black and silence circus fade in to steam shoot out of a huge old half - rusted calliope . the music be very loud and raucous . move up and back we see the black awning entrance to the freak tent , where frederick treve , resident surgeon and lecturer on anatomy at the London Hospital , be stand with he back to we observe the poster of the freak . come along a muddy walkway at the side of the tent be treves ' wife , anne , and they two daughter . the shrill over - whelming music seem to engulf she . she look discomfite , vulnerable , and protective of she daughter . the girl , oblivious to any fear , be finish they chocolate sweet . close - up of treves look at a poster . he hear : # 1 daughter poppa ! treves turn and look down to a chocolate - cover face . he smile at the child and Anne . Anne see the dirty face and begin clean one of they . the other daughter look into the freak tent . # 2 daughter poppa ... may we go in there ? anne alright ... you turn . she turn the girl away from the freak tent and begin clean she face . her kerchief pull and distort the little daughter 's face . suddenly the girl see a ring of elephant in the distance . # 2 daughter oh , look m-ummy ! elephant ! anne oh , elephant ! we will go see they . she stand . anne ( to treves ) you will not be long ? treve I will join you shortly . she take the child off toward the elephant . treves watch they go for a moment , then turn and we go with he into the dark freak tent . he pause to pay admission at a small booth , then disappear within . darkness . we hear what could be the trumpete of a elephant . treves part the black canvas and enter the main part of the tent . off to he leave he see a man wrap in a black cape , hold a conch shell aloft and blow powerfully into it . the tent be dimly light with flicker oil lamp . people mill about through the weaving corridor . to treves ' right , he see a sign read , " the deadly fruit of the original Sin , " over a small , very dark corridor . treves enter the passage and disappear into the shadow . the corridor have a series of flap and turn to disorient the spectator . treves carefully push he way through and arrive at the inner chamber . in a roped - off space stand a small stage set at eve-level , with curtain on three side . on the stage be a bell jar fill with grey - murky fluid light from behind with cast a eerie glow in the chamber . suspend in the fluid be the life-size body of a baby - doll with the attach head of a large snake . at the join of head and body be a blob of unidentifiable organic matter . it be obviously phony , but the effect be still very disquieting . at the bottom of the jar , in the muck , sit a apple with two large bite out of it . behind the jar be a painting on the order of a religious triptych , portray Adam on one side , Eve on the other , and the tree flowering over the jar . treves ' impassive face be bath in the watery glow . he study the strange object with a critical eye . in the passage we hear movement , and a older gentleman enter . he seem visibly impressed with " the deadly fruit of the original Sin . " older man a wick birth ... after a moment , treves quietly leave the inner chamber . as he push he way through the corridor , the noise grow and become a cacophony of strange sound . he exit and hear a booming roar and the rush of air as a series of twelve candle , mount in a row on a ten - foot stand , be blow out by " the incredible wind -man . " his barker step up and talk to the people . barker lady and gentlemen , he lung be larger than this mammoth blacksmith 's bellow . so great be he power of exhalation , rivaling even that of the great North wind , that he will now challenge two grow man to attempt to hold the bellow shut as he apply the mighty blast of he herculean breath ! be there any volunteer ? a few people raise they hand . the barker scan the crowd and then point over the head of the volunteer to two men toward the back . barker ah ! I see two likely lad ! come forward ! come forward ! pit you strength against the mighty wind - man ! during the above , the incredible wind - man remove he cape , revealing he great barrel chest and pot-belly support by spindly , white , hairless leg . as the barker set the " volunteer , " the wind - man walk about the small platform , huffing and puffing and blow on the conch shell . the " volunteer " set , the wind - man step up to the end of the bellow , take a enormous breath , and twirl he black handlebar moustache as a signal to the barker . barker gentlemen ... be you ready ? the lad yes we be ... right ... etc . barker lady and gentlemen !... let the demonstration begin !! the wind - man clamp he mouth to the bellow , and with great show begin to exhale , savagely stamp he foot . the two lad struggle obviously , and then pretend to be force apart . the barker triumphantly lift the wind - man 's hand . the wind - man cease to blow , remove he lip from the bellow and the two lad instantly collapse together on the floor . barker lady and gentlemen !... " the incredible wind -man !!! the crowd cheer , while the wind -man put the conch shell to he lip and proudly stamp he foot , circle about the two lad . amidst this applause , treves smile indulgently . he move on , look for something genuine . two bobbies move through the crowd , intent upon a certain destination . treves convey a casual interest in they . treves move on to a beard lady who comb she beard , busily chew tobacco and spitting into a spittoon . treves continue to work he way through the crowd . up ahead he see the bobby . bobbies make way ! make way ! they round a corner . woman ( v.o. ) oh yes they be , they be yours alright . we hear the laughter of a crowd . treves move closer to see a fat lady seat in a chair on the next platform . on each knee she hold a dwarf . they be dress as baby . a skeleton man stand beside she . skeleton man I refuse to believe it ! I will not accept it ! that baby be simply too ugly , they can not be mine ! the crowd laugh uproariously . skeleton man I do not want they ! get rid of they ! I do not want to see they ! fat lady darling , do not be difficult ! let 's take we sweet lovely child on a outing . skeleton man we will take this miserable whelp on a outing , alright ! we will take they to the zoo ... where they will stay ! from the direction the bobby have go , we hear several scream . fat lady ( pause at the scream ) Children save yourselves ! prevail upon you pappa ! the two dwarve get down from she knee and approach the skeleton man . they kneel and tug at he thin leg . dwarve poppa ! poppa ! poppa , please ! at this point , a father hold he young son in he arm pass by treves . the Young Boy clutches he Father 's neck in fear , hide he face . father ( out loud , to no one in particular ) this be too much ! they should not allow it ! they should not allow it ! treves , very curious now , along with several other , make they way around the corner . before he , treves see a agitate crowd stare at something that from he point of view he cannot see . brush past he be a woman pull a small , confuse and frighten little girl . get closer to the commotion , he see four bobbies stand with a well - dress alderman , argue with the owner of this particular exhibit . a distraught , almost hysterical woman be ineffectually strike the owner with she fist about he head and shoulder , cry weakly and incoherently . woman Beast , Beast ... treves be just about to see whatever it be that be cause the alarm , when one of the bobby say : bobby no ! that 's right out ! Drop the curtain ! as the curtain drop , treves just glimpsis baggy trouser cuff and two horribly deform , root- like foot . the distraught woman have be pull away from the owner and be sobbing on a Bobby 's shoulder . owner you can not do that ! I have get my rights ! alderman I have the authority to close you down , and I be do just that ! in the crowd , treves notice a young boy stare open-mouthed , blankly at the curtain . treves push through the glut of people to join the Boy and get a better view . the curtain be actually a large canvas . on it be a life-size portrait , crudely paint , of a creature that could only be possible in a nightmare . it be the figure of a man turn into a elephant . the transformation , however , be not complete ; there be still more of the man than beast . Palm tree in the background suggest the jungle habitat in which this pervert object might have once roam . fill with curiosity , treves move toward the curtain . alderman this exhibit degrade all who see it , as well as the poor creature himself . owner he 's a freak ! how else can he live ? alderman freak be one thing . no one object to freak , but this be entirely different . this be monstrous , and ought not to be allow . this officer will see to it that you be on you way as soon as possible . good day . the alderman turn and leave the tent . owner ( to himself ) ... movin ' again ! he shake he head in disgust . now at the canvas , treves try to lift the edge to get a peek inside the wagon , but the meaty hand of the owner clamp down on he wrist . owner have a care , guv 'nor . the two man look at each other for a solid moment . treve forgive I ... treves back away and return he gaze to the paint canvas . fade to black : operating room - the london hospital we see a bellow pump air into the open grate of a cast iron stove . we hear moan in the background . the coal flare to a fierce glow . from the mouth of the stove protrude the handle of several cauterize iron , they head imbed in the coal . up above the iron , treves stand by a waist - high operate table cover with black leather . his face be illuminate by a oil lantern hold by a nurse . the room be fairly dark owe to the oppressive overcast sky see through two window . there be also a large sink , a cupboard contain dressing , gag , manacle , emetics and other unattractive thing , and two hard chair . two student and two other doctor , mr. fox and mr. hill , be present . the two student be pull with constant pressure on a rope tie to the patient 's leg . treves and Mr. Fox be work on a chest wound cause by a machine accident . there be gear - wheel mark get progressively deeper as they near a great open gash . Mr. Hill place a cotton mask over the patient 's nose and mouth and apply drop of chloroform . the patient struggle , but soon he moan subside and he be unconscious . treve how long have this man be here ? fox Three quarter of a hour . treve mmmm . hodge , pierce come closer . Mr. Hill , take hold of the rope please . it 's a machine accident . I expect you will be see a good deal of this . the two medical student come forward . they stare uneasily at the gape wound , which bubbles each time the man take a agonize breath . treves and Fox quickly and expertly tend the wound as hodge and pierce look on . treve ( off handedly ) abominable thing this machine . one can not reason with they . fox what a mess . treves now notice that the student 's face have go a trifle ashen . treve what get you into medicine , hodge ? hodge my father , sir . he 's build quite a successful practice . I hope to take it over one day . treve be that you case as well , pierce ? pierce yes sir . though of course I do have a great desire to help my fellowman . treves smile at they knowingly . treve of course you do realize that medicine have change quite a bit since you father 's time . in that day we do not even wash we coat . in fact , the sign of a truly accomplish surgeon - - be he black operate coat , so stiff with dry blood and pus that it could stand up by itself in the corner . I have still get mine upstairs ... you do not mind blood , do you ? hodge &amp ; pierce oh no , sir . ( etc . ) treve good , that 's one thing we have always plenty of . hallway a hospital messenger boy , dress in a blue uniform and a can be make he way down the hall . he stop and look into a operate room much like the one we have just see . Inside , the room be empty . the Boy close the door and continue on to another operate room . the doctor move with great urgency around the operate table . blood be drain down into a white porcelain bowl . a woman can be hear moan . the Boy look carefully , but finally close the door and continue on he way . treve ' operating room there be a hiss sound and steam from the cauterize of the wound come up obscure part of treves ' face . the patient be be hold down firmly by the other man . the door open and treves look up . the Boy pop he head in . boy Excuse I , Mr. treves , sir . treve yes ? boy I find it . treve ( study the Boy carefully ) do you see it ? the Boy shake he head slowly , " no . " treve I will be with you in a moment ... the Boy close the door . fox ( quietly ) I say freddie , what be you about ? treve oh nothing ... nothing of any great importance . aerial shot from third floor of the London Hospital look down on the hospital square . below , treves be walk briskly across the square , through a gate and into the slum beyond . the aerial shot be actually fox be Pov , and now we see Fox fill with curiosity , watch the figure from a window . look down from above and to the side of he , we follow treves walk through a cobblestone street still wet from a recent rain , cover with horse manure and filth of all sort . the air be smoky from meat burn fire . rounding a corner , we see and approach the paint canvas sign of " the elephant man " cover the front of a small , dingy shop . the door of the shop be windowless and padlock . treves walk into the picture , study the whole scene for a moment , go to the shop door and find that it be padlock . treves try to look under a edge of the canvas . to he leave he see a SMALL boy watch he intently . treve do you know where the proprietor be ? he hold a coin out . the Boy nod , snatch the coin and then disappear around the corner . treves turn back to the canvas . a pub a noisy pub , long and narrow . bench run the length of the back wall , with small table up against they . Men be cluster around the bar , talk in group . we see the Boy stand at one of the table talk to the owner , greedily consume he lunch as he listen . the Boy gesture outside . outside the pub the Boy come out the door , quickly follow by the owner hurriedly put on he coat , fumble with a riding crop , the last of he sandwich stuff in he mouth . at the corner the Boy and the owner be carefully look around the corner at treves still in front of the portrait . owner he 's not a peeler ... boy no , I do not think so . owner no ... I do not think so . they walk into the street . in front of the shop the owner and the Boy walk up to treves . treve be you the proprietor ? owner and who might you be , sir ? treve just one of the curious . I would like to see it . owner I do not think so . no sir , we be close . treves pull a purse from he coat , extract a coin and hold it out . treve I would pay handsomely for a private show . be you the proprietor ? owner handsomely ?... who send you ? treve pardon I ? owner never mind . I be the owner . he snatch the money . inside the shop total darkness . we hear the sound of the padlock be remove . the door open and light stream in . the canvas cover the window at the front of the shop obscure all other light . the owner enter , follow by treves and the Boy . from he expression , as well as treves ' , we can tell there must be a awful stench in the room . no one say a word . the Boy close the door , while the owner light a small gas light . we can now see the shop . it it empty , grey with dust , cold and dank . some old tin and a few shrivel potato occupy a shelf . the far end of the shop be block off by a curtain suspend from a cord by a few ring . the owner approach it . owner here we be sir . ( tick it off by rote ) life be full of surprise . lady and gentleman , consider the fate of this creature 's poor mother . in the fourth month of she maternal condition , she be strike down by a wild elephant ( leer ) struck down , if you take my meaning , on a unchart African isle . the result be plain to see lady and gentleman ... the terrible elephant man ! the ring rattle back , and the curtain be omen . we see a bent figure crouching on a stool , cover by a brown blanket . in front of it on a tripod be a large brick , heat from below by a bunsen burner . from the blanket protrude a perfectly normal leave arm and hand warming itself over the brick . it do not move when the curtain be draw . treves step closer . the owner , watch he every move , turn - and smile at he . he bang he riding crop on the wall and yell to the crouch figure , as if speak to a dog . owner stand up ! the Boy , excited by he own fear , mimic the owner . boy stand up ! the figure come forward and let the blanket fall to the ground and we see the elephant man himself . treves , he eye wide with horror and wonder , he mouth freeze open , step backward in a instinctive movement of self preservation . the owner laugh . the elephant man be naked to the waist , he foot be bare and he wear a pair of wear trousers from a fat man 's dress suit . he be a little below average height , and look short from the bow of he back . his head be enormous and misshapen , as big around as a man 's waist . from he brow project a huge boney mass , almost obscure he right eye . his nose be a nose of flesh , recognizable only from its position . from the upper jaw project another mass of bone protrude from the mouth like a stump , turn the upper lip inside out , make a slobbering aperture . it almost give the impression of a rudimentary trunk or tusk . on top of he head be a handful of lank , black hair . at the back of it hang a bag of spongy skin , resembling cauliflower . this loathsome growth cover he back and hang down to the middle of he thigh . the right arm be enormous and shapeless , the hand like a knot of tuberous root . his leave arm be not only normal , but delicately shape , with fine skin and a hand that any woman might envy . from he chest hang another bag of flesh , like the dewlap of a lizard . his leg be also grossly deform , he foot great stump . behind he , as paint in the portrait , be two crudely construct palm tree . the owner harshly rap again . owner turn around ! the elephant man begin to turn . the boy fill with malicious glee at see the monster obey , scream . boy turn around ! turn around ! the elephant man complete he turn and come to rest . we see a close - up of the elephant man look at treves . his face be utterly devoid , and incapable , of expression . we see the elephant man 's eye . he close they . outside the shop the owner be lock up . treves , face the street , drink in the fresh air . he be try to forget he shock , put everything into focus . he look at the garish portrait again . treves produce he purse . the owner , smell money , turn . treves hand he several coin . treve so you will bring he to I , tomorrow , 10:00 a.m .? mr...? owner byte . Mr. byte . he will be there . treve I will send a cab . here be my card . treves hand the owner a card . the owner , greasy and dirty , shake treves ' hand and squeeze he arm . owner now we get a deal ... we understand each other ... guv . we understand each other completely . the owner give treves the evil look of a conspirator . treves walk off , disorient . the owner read the card and smile at treves walk away down the street . dissolve to outside the shop a cabman be knock on the door of the shop , stare at the portrait . the door open , revealing a figure in a floor- length black cloak . on he head be a extremely large hat , cut to the line of a yachting cap . a grey - flannel curtain hang from the bottom of the cap all the way around , hide he face . there be a horizontal slit in front for the eye . on the figure 's foot be large , bag-like slipper . the only part of the body see at all be the leave arm and hand , which protrude from the cloak , hold a crude walk stick . the figure seem to loathe be in the open . we can just barely see in the darkness within the owner stand to one side of the door , obviously enjoy the surprise on the cabman 's face . the owner step abruptly into he view . owner do not just stand there . help he up . the cabman , do so , while a small , curious crowd form . the owner give the cabman the card . the cabman jump up onto the seat and off they go . the receiving room - london hospital the receive room be a bare hall , paint stone color . it have row of bench and a long desk where entry be make , and certificate and other papers be issue . it be a cold , harsh place . cabman not at all , sir . my ... pleasure . he exit . treves turn and see the matron , stare . treve I will be in my room , mothershead . I be not to be disturb . she nod silently . treves look at the figure for a moment . treve come with I , please . he start to go out of the room . the hood figure just stand there , motionless . we see the whole room , the people now silent . they all stare at the figure . no one make a move . matron you hear the doctor ... go on . treves turn to look at the hood figure who stand there a moment , then slowly shuffles after he . Mrs. mothershead and the people in the room watch he go . when he be out of sight , they all begin to talk excitedly . mothershead stand fix and watch too , ignore the noisy room . treve ' office the door open and treves lead the hood figure to a chair in front of he desk and help he to sit down , furtively try to look into the eye-slit of the mask . in the small room the smell of the elephant man be overwhelming . treves go to the window and open it . he nervously try to compose himself , then turn to the hood figure . treve my name be Frederick treves ... I be a surgeon here at the London Hospital , and I lecture in anatomy at the Medical College ... I would very much like to examine you . would that be all right ? the figure in the chair be still . treves be at a loss . his sense of discomfort be grow . he look at the floor for a moment , then lock he eye on the figure 's leave arm . treve ah ... yes . um , first I would like to ask you a few question , would that be all right ? the figure do nothing . treves sit down at he desk and pick up a pencil . treve good . now , let 's see . you owner ... um , the man who ... who look after you tell I that you be English and you name be John merrick . be that correct ? the figure do nothing . treve do you know where you be bear ? where you come from ? the figure do nothing . treve I tell you what , I will ask you a question , and you shake you head like this for " no " and nod like this for " yes " , alright ? do you understand ? the figure follow treves ' movement nod very slowly , " yes " . treves sigh with relief . treve be you in any pain ? the figure begin to babble incoherently . treves , alarmed , interrupt . treve um , no . just nod you head like this for " yes " and shake it like this for " no " . now , be you in any pain ? again the figure , follow treves movement , shake he head " no " . treve be you parent still alive ? the figure do nothing . treves be quite nervous . treve do you understand ? be they dead ? you father ... you mother ? the figure begin to moan . there be two sharp rap at the door . the hood figure flinch . the door open and Fox poke he head into the room . fox freddie , what you do for ... I say do open a window in here or ... he notice the hood figure . fox oh , I be dreadfully sorry , I have no idea that ... I say ! treves quickly rise and push Fox out into the hallway , follow he and close the door . in the hallway treves and Fox be stand outside the door to treves ' office . fox good Lord , freddie ! what have you get in there ? treve you will know presently . at the meeting of the society . but until then , I beg of you Fox , keep it to yourself . fox certainly , if you insist . you must have quite a find there . treve I do not know what I have get . fox nothing of any importance , eh ? treves turn to go back in , then stop . treve I will tell you this much , Fox , it 's beyond anything you or I have ever deal with . keep it to yourself , please . he go back in , shutting the door . treve ' office treves turn the key in the door . he turn to the chair the figure have be occupy , but he be not there . the figure be hide in the corner , crouch behind a black frock operate coat , so stiff with dry blood and pus it stand up by itself . treves look quickly around the room and finally see he . he look at the figure for a moment . treve come sit down . the frighten figure just crouch there look at he . treves go to he , pull he up and over to the chair . treve sit ... down . the figure sit . treves pause uncertainly . treve I think I will examine you now . I will save the question for later ... will you take off you hat now , please ? the figure do nothing . treves move to he . treve do not be frighten , I simply want to look at you . do you understand ? the figure lean back fearfully . from behind he we see just the top of he wide hood head . treves , stand before he , lift the hood up and back . treve ( more to himself ) that 's right , do not be frighten . do not be frighten . SMALL room - london hospital we see two camera set up , they operator next to they stare at something we can not see . treves stand beside they concentrate on the same sight . all three be speechless . treves suddenly remember himself . treve be you ready ? the cameramen mumble , " yes " , and gratefully disappear beneath the black cloth of they camera . treve go ahead . they trigger the flash powder . in the blind flash we briefly see the silhouette of a tremendously bulky figure , start at the light . dissolve to lecture hall - pathological society of london bright light as we pull back and down in a slow spiral we see the light be come through high window . we now see several row of distinguished doctor talk to each other in anticipation . as we continue to spiral down we see treves before they at a podium . behind he be two assistant stand beside a curtain stall . treves rap a pointer stick on the podium to bring the meeting to order . we move behind the stall as the assistant part the curtain and we see the silhouette of the elephant man . the doctor talk among themselves quietly . treve he be English , he be twenty - one year of age and he name be John merrick . gentlemen , in the course of my profession I have come upon lamentable deformity of the face due to injury or disease , as well as mutilation and contortion of the body , depend upon like cause ; but , at no time have I meet with such a dread or pervert version of a human be as this man . I wish to draw you attention to the insidious condition affect this patient . note , if you will , the extreme enlargement of the skull ... and upper limb , which be totally useless . the alarming curvature of the spine ... turn he , please ... the looseness of the skin , and the vary fibrous tumor that cover 90 % of the body . treves ' voice fade as we dissolve to the doctor , who at first be rigid and flustered , and now bent forward , concentrate , obviously consume with interest . spirale down again we see treves finish he lecture . treve ... and there be every indication that this affliction have be in existence , and have progress rapidly , since birth . the patient also suffer from chronic bronchitis . as a interesting side - note , in spite of the afore- mention anomaly , the patient 's genitals remain entirely intact and unaffected . treves nod to the assistant and they go to the elephant man . we see they in shadow untying the loose knot of the loin cloth . close - up of the shadow of the head of the elephant man . it go up for a breath . treve so then , gentleman , owe to this series of deformity : the congenital exostose of the skull ; extensive papillomatous growth and large pendulous mass in connection with the skin ; the great enlargement of the right upper limb , involve all the bone ; the massive distortion of the head and the extensive area cover by papillomatous growth , the patient have be call , " the elephant man . " treve office the elephant man ( hereafter the e.m. ) wear he cloak , be seat by the desk . treves stand behind he , measure he head with caliper . he remove the caliper and note the span , then set they on the desk . he place the hood over the e.m. 's head . treves sit at he desk and make some final note . he become more absorb in he note than in the e.m. the e.m. make a unintelligible sound . treve hmm ? the e.m. be silent . treves , only now realize that the e.m. have say something , look up at he . treve hmm ? the e.m. be silent . treves pass it off as a sigh and turn back to he work . treve it 's be a long day for everyone . he close he notebook and rise . he remember something . treve oh , yes , you will need a cab ... ( to the e.m. ) stay . he exit . the e.m. be alone . he rise and shuffles slowly about , investigate the room . he go to the desk and begin touch thing , include the caliper . he notice the card treves give to the owner tuck in the back page . he pause for a moment and then take the card . his hand disappear into the cloak , and he move back into the corner behind the stiff , black operate coat . treves re-enter . treve come with I . the e.m. take up he stick and follow treves out . upstair hallway - the london hospital we see treves and Fox alone at a window . they be look down on the hospital square treves have previously cross and see the e.m. , light by gaslight and move to a wait cab . fox you never mention he mental state . treve he 's imbecile , no doubt from birth . he speak , but ... it 's all gibberish . no , the man 's a homeless idiot ... ( to himself ) I pray God he 's a idiot . the e.m. , as he be get into the cab , stop , turn and look to the upper storey of the hospital . treves and Fox be join by three laugh colleague who clap treves on the back . the first quite a coup , freddie . you will look splendid in the journal . the second where ever do you find that creature ? from the upper story we watch the cab drive away . the third ( v.o. ) it 's a pity . fox ( v.o. ) I pity the poor cab driver , myself . from outside the window we see treves surround by he laugh friend . entry hall - treve ' home we see a door . it open and treves walk in . he shut the door , lock it , go to a coat rack on the wall and hang up he overcoat and hat . he notice he reflection in a mirror and examine himself wearily . Anne 's smile reflection appear beside he . anne do it go well , darling ? treve yes , very well , I think . be the girl in bed ? anne yes , and they send they kiss . would you like you sherry now ? treve no , I think a whiskey . we move past Anne 's reflection to a cu of treves . whitechapel - night we now see a bunsen burner roar of flame reflect in byte ' eye . pull back we see byte , quite drunk , sit , cooking sausage over the hot brick . he take another drink from he gin bottle . up come a wet belch and he take another drink . the e.m. be crouch against the wall with a bowl of potato and a cup of water in front of he . with he good hand , he be pick tiny piece of potato and feed himself . the eat be fairly loud and animal - like . the drink be even worse . the Boy be across the room asleep , wrap in rag little blanket . the e.m. take a drink of water , make a loud smack , slurping sound . byte look up from he cooking with a smolder look , just wait for he to make the sound again . he do and byte take he crop and violently jab he . byte belt up , you misbegotten garbage . ( mumble to himself ) how can I eat with that ? byte take a mouthful of gin and mockingly slurp it mimick the e.m. 's sound . byte ( yell ) how can I eat with that ? the e.m. pick and eat some more and then drink again very tentatively . because of he fear the water catch in he throat and he spit and cough out onto the floor , gasp and wheeze for breath . byte be up and whacks he with he riding crop . byte out of my sight ! the e.m. struggle to get up , carry he food . byte ( not satisfied with he speed ) now ! he jab the e.m. again , spilling he potato and water onto the floor . byte you clumsy sod ! he push the e.m. again , then slip on the potato and fall heavily to the floor , cry out in shock . then rage hit he . the e.m. back up . byte you ! the Boy wake up in fear . byte move quickly toward the e.m. raise he crop . the e.m. stumble and fall backward onto the floor . his head go back and he begin gasp for air . byte yank he up and hit he in the face with he riding crop . the force of the blow knock a glob of spit into the air from the e.m. 's mouth . the e.m. gasp and wheeze horribly as byte hit he again and again . from across the room . boy byte ! don 't ... byte go right on with the beat . byte this will not do , my lad . this just will not do ! receiving room - london hospital we see the eye of the Boy . as we pull back from they , they widen with recognition . wide shot of the receiving room . treves have enter and the Boy walk quickly up to he . boy we man be sick . come right away . treve what be it ? boy like this . ( he breathes heavily in and out to demonstrate the e.m. 's difficulty ) treve I will get my bag . inside the shop we hear the sound of wheeze come from the e.m. who be sit propped up against the stage , wrap in a blanket . his head bent forward toward he knee . byte be go to the door as it open and the Boy lead treves in . treves immediately go to the e.m. byte what do you do to he ? he 's be like this all night ! treve what do you mean ? byte he be fine when he leave here , and now look at he . treve I intend to . treves pull the blanket away from the e.m. expose several bruise and bloody cut . treves freeze at the sight and slowly turn to look at byte . treve what happen ? byte he fall . ( guardedly ) he fall . treve he must have take quite a fall . he look up at the riding crop in the hand of byte , then to the strangely nervous and silent Boy . byte he 's a clumsy git . never watch where he be go . treve why be he sit up like this ? he need rest . byte that 's the way he sleep . if he lay down , he will die . ( he point to he neck and lean he head back ) head 's too heavy . treves turn he attention to the e.m . he lift he head higher and examine the e.m. 's eye . the e.m. , who have be oblivious up until this point , look into treves ' eye and recognize he . with he good hand , he reach up and touch treves ' arm almost as if appeal to he . treves ' eye lock on he . treve this man belong in hospital . byte ( apprehensively ) can not you fix he up here ? ... he 's my livelihood . listen . treve you listen , you be not go to have much of a livelihood if this man die . he 's get the rale , he 's very weak , and I do not know how much damage have be do by he " fall " . now stop waste time and fetch a cab . byte consider and then snap he finger at the Boy who run out . he then break into a ingratiate grin and lean down over treves who busily examine the wheeze e.m . byte I really appreciate this , guv . you know , there 's lot of thing that I can do for you . I move in the proper circle , for this type of thing ... ( motion toward the e.m. ) in fact , anything at all , if you take my meaning . treves , uncomfortable , rise . byte grip he hand and with the other gather the material of he sleeve in a slow deliberate squeeze . byte I like do business with you . you and I understand each other , completely . I know I can trust you . can not I ? treve ( gaze at he levelly ) everything will be see to . morning - aerial shot looking down on hospital square through a window we see treves and the e.m. walk through a back gate and across the square . mr. carr gomm , Hospital Chairman , turn and move away from the window . hallway nurse nora ireland be push a cart fill of empty breakfast trays down the hall . she glance into the stairwell and see treves and the e.m. come through the door . she continue on , startle by the sight of the mysterious hood figure . at the end of the hall , she go into the kitchen . stairway treves and the e.m. be laboriously climb a flight of stair . the e.m. be puffing and wheeze with the effort . treves support he under he right arm . kitchen nora enter with the cart and wait for it to be restock . she lean out the door for another look , but the hall be empty . a nurse ladle mush into bowl . there be a lot of activity in the kitchen . nora take the cart stack with full trays and push it out the door and down the hallway . hallway treves and the e.m. cross the hallway and head up a narrow stairway towards the attic . there be a sign read " isolation " . carr gomm be lean out the door to he office , unseen by treves . he close the door . general ward - london hospital - morning it be a long , high ceiling room with large window along one wall . bed run the length of both side of the room . it be a woman 's ward and nurse be serve the patient breakfast . nora enter and nurse take trays from she cart . nora 's mind be on what she have just see . we see mothershead come in the door behind she . mothershead ( startling nora ) nora ! mind you duty ... if you do not concentrate dear , you will only make more work for the rest of we . now , get about you business . ( pause , see nora 's collar ) ... and do get you collar straight , dear . nora ( fumble with she collar ) I be so sorry , Mrs. mothershead . mothershead do get on with it , nora . mothershead walk on , as nora now very flustered , pick up a tray . isolation ward cu of a bottle of dark fluid and a bottle of light fluid . treves mix the two in a glass . we be in a small oddly shape room off the attic ward . there be one tiny bar window locate high up on the far wall . there be also a bed , two hard chair and a table . the e.m. be sit on the bed in shadow and he disguise be now hang from a peg on the wall beside he . he be still wheeze and appear to be very weak . treves serve the mixture to the e.m. , who sputter and gag on it , but manage to get it down . treves go to the table and put the two bottle in he bag . he go to the door and turn to the e.m . treve I do not know if you will understand this , but you will never go back to that man again . you be safe now . no one will ever harm you . do you understand ? the two man just look at each other . kitchen - london hospital treves enter the kitchen and nick up a bowl . a nurse ladle some porridge for he . nurse breakfast with the patient this morning , Mr. treves ? treve it 's for a patient . treves exit and the nurse admiringly watch he go . first floor landing and hallway treves climb the stair onto the landing . down the hall , Mr. carr gomm be walk toward he office . treves try not to be see , but to no avail . carr Mr. treves , come over here a moment , will not you ? treves hesitates , try to hide the bowl , but give up and go down the hall to meet carr gomm . carr good morning , treves . treve good morning , sir . carr ( see the bowl ) you have acquire a taste for this ? treve it 's quite nutritious , sir . carr do not be mad . this muck can kill you . carr gomm call a nurse from a nearby ward over . it be nora . he take the bowl from treves and hand it to she . carr take this up , to to the man in the isolation ward when you have a moment , will not you ? nora ( apprehensively ) yes , sir . treve do not be frighten . he will not hurt you . carr indeed ! he gesture toward he office door . as he and treves enter the office , nora look apprehensively up the isolation ward stair . mr. carr gomm office it be a small , elegantly furnish room with a large window . the two man sit , carr gomm behind he desk and treves in a leather chair . carr a hospital be no place for secrecy , Mr. treves . doctor spirite hood figure about be liable to cause comment . why be not this patient properly admit , and why be he in isolation ? be he contagious ? treve no sir , he 's get bronchitis and he 's be badly beat . carr why be not he in the General Ward , then ? treve well sir , he 's quite seriously deform , and I fear the other patient would find he ... rather shocking . carr deform ? be that it . then be I to assume that he be ultimately incurable ? treve yes sir . carr what be you plan then , treves ... you be aware that the London do not accept incurable . the rule be quite clear on that point . treve yes , I be well aware of that . but this case be quite exceptional . carr oh , be he a friend of yours ? treve no , more of a acquaintance . isolation ward ( a ) and stairway ( B ) carr gomm office ( C ) ( a ) the e.m. be asleep in he sleep posture on the bed . ( B ) nora , with the bowl , be climb the stair to the attic ward . she pause in sight of the door and look apprehensively at it . she begin to hum to give herself courage , and continue up the stair . ( a ) the e.m. awaken , hear the footstep , and now the hum , which grow in volume . he become fearful and reach for he cloak . the hum stop . he freeze and listen . ( C ) treves and carr gomm seat as before . carr I certainly sympathize with you problem , treves ... why do not you try the british Home , or the Royal Hospital for perhaps they would have a place for he . treve yes sir , I will look into that . ( he rise ) would you like to meet he sir ? ( B ) nora stand outside the door , listen . she be barely breathe . ( a ) the e.m. , still listen , slowly let he hand drop away from the cloak . ( B ) nora open the door . ( a ) the e.m. grab for the cloak as the door swing open flooding he with light . we see he for the first time in he entirety . cu of nora scream and drop the tray . cu of the catch e.m . ( C ) the shrill scream be hear from upstairs . treve Excuse I , sir . treves rush out . carr gomm just sit for a moment , think . carr the elephant man ? isolation ward landing treves , rush up the stair , reach the landing . nora be at the railing , cry . the door be open , the breakfast tray littering the floor . the e.m. be on the bed try to squeeze into the corner . treves quickly close the door and try to comfort nora . treve I be sorry , my dear , I should have warn you . I be so terribly sorry , please forgive I . there , you be alright now . go downstairs and please ask Mrs. mothershead to come up . tell she to knock on the door and wait for I . alright ? nora yes Sir . I be sorry , Sir . drying she eye , she go downstairs . isolation ward close the door , treves step over the spilt breakfast and go to the e.m. treve I be very sorry about that . be you rest well ? the e.m. make a garble sound . treves , alone with the e.m. , once more find himself become uncomfortable . treve ah good . well then ... oh yes , we will have to get you some more food . I be sure you must be simply famish . hmm ? the e.m. be silent . treve of course you be . now then , I think you will be quite comfortable up here for awhile . I will see to it you have everything you need , and , uh ... yes . treves put out a comforting hand to the e.m. who flinch back . the two man just look at each other . general ward several nurse be take bath thing off a cart . at the other end of the room , mothershead be talk to a patient . nora enter and walk over to mothershead . they talk , and mothershead exit . nora join the other nurse . other nurse do you see he ? nora yes . other nurse what 's wrong with he ? we see nora 's face . she be silent . isolation ward landing mothershead knock on the door . treves open it , come out onto the landing and close the door . treve ah , mothershead . how be you feel today ? mothershead ( suspiciously ) Fine . treve good. excellent . now then , Mrs. mothershead , I want you to come into this room with I . Inside there be a man with a rather ... unfortunate appearance . mothershead I have hear . treve yes ... well , I want you to clear up a little mess , a breakfast tray be spilt . and bring up another breakfast . when you have do that , you and I shall give the man a bath . but , mothershead , I be count on you many year of experience to get you through this , above all , do not scream , do not cry out , or in any way show this man that you be frighten of he ... mothershead Sir , you do not have to worry about I . I be not the sort to cry out . shall we go in ? treve yes ... yes , let 's go in . treves open the door . isolation ward mothershead go right to the mess . treve ( to the e.m. , hereafter merrick ) I would like you to meet Mrs. mothershead - Mrs. mothershead , Mr. John merrick . merrick look up to mothershead , then avert he eye . he look back at she and see she have no difficulty be in he presence . mothershead how do you do ? isolation ward landing at the door of merrick 's attic room stand two bucket of very dirty water . we hear footstep come up stair and see a young porter carry two bucket of clean , steaming water . he put they down , knock on the door , and take the dirty water downstairs . the door open , Mrs. mothershead pick up the steaming bucket and take they inside , shutting the door . isolation ward merrick 's seat in a tin bathtub try to hide he nakedness . Mrs. mothershead pour the water in . she scrub he back with obvious distaste , but do she job . month of filth and accumulate excrescence be turn the bath water a murky black . as mothershead scrub , merrick slowly lean forward in the bath , close he eye , apparently oblivious to he surroundings . treves sit beside he . treve the disease be shocking . merrick 's eye flicker . treve I wonder how far it can go before it ... merrick flinch and pull away . mothershead sit still . do not wiggle about like a pup . I will not stand for any foolishness . treves lean forward and look at merrick . merrick grow still , he eye close , apparently in a reverie . treve ( v.o. ) it 's pretty certain that if he have the disease as a child , he be abandon . but in that case , he would have to have have care . the very fact that he 's alive bear that out ... ( cut to treves ) but , where ? merrick be listen . mothershead the workhouse . treve yes ! the workhouse ! at this word , merrick begin to babble wildly . obviously alarmed , he thrashes about in the tub , spilling water onto the floor . treves , alarmed now himself , attempt to calm merrick , who , still babbling , try to rise from the tub . mothershead clamp a hand on merrick 's leave arm . at she touch , he be instantly subdued , at least physically . he sink back into the tub and begin to weep . treves and mothershead be astound by the tear roll down merrick 's cheek . they stand motionless look down at the agonize , naked elephant man . treve ( softly ) the workhouse . following bucket of dirty water down a hallway back entrance - alley the young porter be exite with great difficulty through a large iron door carry the two bucket . he set one of the bucket down , take the other and splashes it out into the alley . some thick sludge dribble from the empty bucket . unseen by he , the night porter be stand just to the side and he now come forward . the young porter seem nervous in he presence . the night porter look at he spatter shoe , then up to the Young porter . night porter what 's all this , then ? young porter Mr. treves be scrubbing he elephant man . night porter elephant man ? young porter yeah ... I hear it 's a real horror . even make mothershead scream . night porter friend of the night , eh ? the elephant man . I think I will have I a look at that . suddenly the night porter kick the other bucket of filthy water violently , send it splash all over the young porter . night porter now , you need the scrubbing , duck ! he let he cigarette drop to the ground , then stamp and grind it with he brass-heel boot , all the while smile . then he turn on he heel and leave . CUT to : Dark cloud roll through a evening sky . attic ward through the high bar window , we see the dark sky . the e.m. be on he bed in he sleep posture . a dim gaslight burn in the room . close - up of he head on the point of he knee . his breathe be more regular now . a general ward light be be turn off . another ward light go off . back entrance large iron door be close . hallway half the light go off . hallway nurse leave for they quarter - half the light go off . second floor hallway we hear the slow metallic footfalls of the night porter 's boot . he appear and walk into a darken woman 's ward . the woman be all asleep . some cough fitfully , other moan quietly . the night porter walk down the aisle between the bed . we see several of the sleep woman as he pass they . finally , he come to a young beautiful woman , she eye wide open , watch he with intense fear . on either side of she be two very ancient woman , snore deeply . the young woman have she arm tie , suspend in traction above she . the night porter move to she , he shadow engulf she . she start to move , rattling the apparatus above she . the porter put a finger to he lip . night porter hush , love , I tell you before one word from I , they will toss you back on the street , and then that pretty little arm of yours will never grow straight . now close you eye . she turn she head away , close she eye . he move in . close - up of a gas light in a hallway . the leaping flame make a low roar . CUT to another hallway somewhere a door be open and the squeak sound vaguely like the trumpete of a elephant . we hear again the metallic footfalls of the night porter 's boot , and he appear . he go to the narrow stairway mark , " isolation " . he stop and casually look about . he take a swig of he gin , then start up the stair . attic ward merrick as before the light be very dim . we hear the echoing footfalls of the night porter come up the stair . merrick 's head immediately come up from he knee . as it do , a small object fall from where he head rest . he pick it up and put it in a pocket of he cloak . it be the portrait of the beautiful woman , which he see in he dream . suddenly the door swing open and the night porter , bottle in hand , be stand there . he walk into the room and see merrick 's shape on the bed . night porter here he be , the old fiend of the night , the terror of the London . let 's have a look at you . let 's see what make them scream ... he turn up the light and see merrick clearly . the night porter jump back , awe strike . night porter cor blimey ! merrick be tremble . the night porter , hardly able to believe he eye , move slowly toward merrick . he be afraid but as he reach the bed , merrick flinch back . the night porter grin , he fear go now . he be in control . night porter so this be the elephant man . I be not never see nothing like you before . what the bleedin ' hell happen to you ? merrick cower as far away from the night porter as possible . night porter oh ... dumb , eh ? he take a big swallow of the gin and smile . night porter good . I like people what can keep quiet . he offer merrick he bottle with a swift , almost jabbing motion . merrick pull away from he . night porter like a drink ? go on ... go on have some . no ? you should try be more sociable , mate . he tentatively press the bottom of the bottle up against the hang growth on merrick 's chest . encourage , he touch he with he finger . merrick make a small whimper sound . night porter ( grin ) you and I be go to be good friend , we be . and , I have get lot of friend who I know would like to meet you . and they will , mate ... they will . he move to the door and turn . close - up of night porter 's face . night porter welcome to the London . he move out the door and it close . in the bed , merrick look at the door with terror as the heavy footfalls of the night porter recede down the stair . whitechapel road we see a horse 's head in cu , snort steam into the chill morning air . the horse be harness to a milk wagon park in front of the London . through the open back of the wagon we see the milkman , and past he treves , walk towards we . milkman here early again , eh Mr. treves ? if you do not mind my say so , sir , with you early habit , you would 'a make a fine milkman . treve good morning , charley . I will keep that in mind ! treves walk up the path into the hospital . hallway ( morning ) treves , carry a bowl , cross the upper hall and start to the narrow stairway to the isolation Ward . over he shoulder we see he knock twice on the door . as the door swing open , the camera push past he and we see the room . the lamp be still burn , but merrick be nowhere to be see . treves enter , look about for he . treve Mr. merrick ? there 's movement in the corner beside the bed . merrick rise slightly from the shadow . the light from the lamp hit he frighten eye . treve .... good morning ... John . I have bring you breakfast . treves be unsettle by the sight of merrick cower down on the floor . merrick begin to babble . treves enter the room , place the bowl on the table and go to merrick . treve what be you do down there ? come up John , come up on the bed . the cold floor be bad for you . I will not hurt you , come on now ... he help merrick up onto the bed and go back to the table for the bowl . treve you must eat . we must keep you strength ... he have turn back to the bed , but merrick have slip to the floor again , still try to hide himself in the corner . treve ... what on earth be the matter with you ? he put the bowl down again and go back to merrick , who seem very upset at leave he hide place . treve now please , John , you must do as I say . come up from there . he start to help merrick up , but merrick just press himself farther back in the corner , still babbling . there be two rap at the door . treves go to it and let mothershead in . mothershead good morning , Mr. treves . it will be he bath - time soon . have he eat ? treve not quite yet , Mrs. mothershead . there seem to be some difficulty this morning . they both look at the bed . merrick have almost disappear under it . mothershead wo not come out , eh ? treve no , he 's very upset about something . mothershead just be obstinate , sir . I will handle it . she go to merrick and take hold of he leave wrist . mothershead alright , my son , none of this fuss . come up from there , this instant . she start to force he up from the floor . merrick be moan now , still try to get away . treve no ! do not pull at he like that . we do not want to frighten he more than he already be . by this time mothershead have almost get he back on the bed . mothershead honestly , sir , you must be very firm with this sort . otherwise they would lay about on the floor gibber all day long . all he understand be a good smack . they help merrick settle back on the pillow . merrick be still make desperate , unintelligible sound . treve he 's have he share of " smack " , mothershead . I expect that 's what drive he under the bed . we must use patience and understanding with this man . mothershead perhaps you have get the time for that , Mr. treves , I certainly do not . I have get a entire hospital to look after , and you have you real patient . do not waste you time with he sir , it 's like talk to a wall . I do not mean to be harsh , but truthfully what can you do for he ? I will be back later for he bath . and Mr. carr gomm would like to see you when you have a moment . good day sir . she exit . treves shut the door behind she and turn back to the bed . treve ( to himself ) what good be I to you ...? he go to the bed and sit down in front of merrick , angere by he own seem uselessness in the situation . treve ... what be my purpose ? ... it 's so important that I understand you . I want to help you , I want to be you doctor ... ( directly to merrick ) but I can not help you unless you help I , unless I know what you be feel . I believe there 's something back there , there 's something you want to say , but I have get to understand you . do you understand I ? merrick hesitates , then start babbling again . treve no ! you be go to talk to I ! we be go to show they ! we be go to show they that you be not a wall . we be go to talk ! do you understand ? nod you head if you understand I ! slowly merrick nod yes . treve you do understand I ! you understand . now you be go to say it . I have get to hear how you say thing . now , very slowly , say " yes . " treves carefully mouth the word . treve " yes . " merrick be still hesitant , from year of fear , but he eye betray a grow excitement . slowly , he try to talk , he voice a tremulous whisper . merrick yyyy ... yyye ... yyyess . treve ( grab merrick 's arm ) yes John ! throughout they dialogue , merrick be still very garble , but he no longer babbles . he make a great effort to speak slowly , to form word the way treves form they , to be understand . merrick ... yye treve yyyess . merrick yyess . treve that 's much better . I could understand that " yes " . merrick ( pleased ) yes ! treve very good ! oh yes ! now listen . I be go to say some thing to you and I want you to repeat they ... um ... I want you to say they back to I . do you understand ? I be go to say some thing to you and I want you to say they back to I . do you understand ? merrick yes . treve excellent ! now , say ... " hello " merrick hello ... treve my name be ... merrick my ... name be ... treve John merrick . merrick John ... merrick treve say " merrick " . merrick merrick ... treve say " mmmerrick . " merrick mmmerrick . treve say " mmmerrick . " merrick mmmerrick . treve well , that 's alright . I understand you . now , say the whole thing again , hello ... merrick ( haltingly ) hello ... my name be ... John merrick . dissolve to hallway Mrs. mothershead come out of the kitchen with a supper tray and walk down the hall , pass the open ward door . we see nurse serve patient they supper . nora come out of the ward with a tray which she hold tightly against she . a bowl of soup be spilling on she apron . she catch up with mothershead . they speak as they walk . nora oh , Mrs. mothershead , please forgive my behavior yesterday . I be sorry if you be have to do extra work on my account . it be just see it ... mothershead patient here be not " its " . they be either " he 's " or " she 's " , but that 's alright , Ireland . this one 's go to be more work for all of we . good God girl ! mind you broth . mothershead continue on . nora guiltily watch she go . isolation ward treves and merrick be absorb in they work . a knock come at the door . treve come in . mothershead enter . treve why , my dear Mrs. mothershead , how good of you to join we . Mr. merrick , will you please introduce yourself ? merrick ( hesitantly ) hello , my name be John merrick . mothershead good Lord , Mr. treves ! treve ( exuberantly ) we have make tremendous stride today , mothershead . he listen and repeat with great attention , and this certainly be not easy for he . mothershead parrot can do as much , Mr. treves . it 's all very nice , but I do not see the point . you know they will not let he stay here . treve ( lowering he voice ) I be sure that if Mr. merrick make a good impression on the hospital committee they would see that he 's the exception to they rule . now I be not expect miracle . I be not say he will be able to read or write , but I do think that I can get he to speak for himself . I be go to arrange thing with carr gomm right now . ( to merrick ) that be very good , John , very good . that 's all for today . we shall do some more tomorrow . mothershead ? Mrs. mothershead set the tray down beside merrick . treve I will see you soon . he and mothershead exit . merrick watch the door close . he sigh quietly , look about , and see the Bible on the bedside table . he pick it up and , gently run he finger over the cover . receiving room - the london there be total pandemonium in the receive room . the room be fill with scream man , woman and child . two drunken woman have be fight with break bottle and be now cover with blood and cut . the woman be still hysterical , one minute they be sobbing , then in a instant scream and intent upon fight again . the crowd keep they apart . two bobby stand in the background make no move to intercede . to the side we see byte watch everything . it be still too violent a scene for the nurse to come to the woman 's aide and they stand up in the front of the room wait . byte make he way along the side of the crowd wait for a chance to get behind the nurse and on into the hospital . now the woman begin sobbing again and thing quiet some . the nurse come forward into the crowd . byte move over closer to the hallway . when the nurse have all go into the crowd he seize the chance and disappear into the hospital . CUT to : byte appear and walk down hospital hallway look about . carr gomm office the door open and treves enter . carr ( v.o. ) ah , treves ... treves sit in the armchair . carr gomm be sit at he desk . carr have you contact the british Home and the Royal Hospital ? treve ah , no sir . I have plan to see they in the morning . carr good ! how be the patient ? treve he 's do very well . in fact that 's why I come to see you . I think that if I be to present Mr. merrick to the hospital committee , then they would have a chance to see for themselves not only the extraordinary nature of the disease , but of the man as well . if the committee have a chance to speak with he , hear he say a few word for himself , I be sure they would see he as a patient , rather than as a violation of the rule . carr a few word ? I think he be imbecile ? treve well sir , perhaps I should explain ... carr I really do not think that 's necessary treves . I be quite sure the committee will be able to make a equitable decision on the merit of the case , such as they be . treve I do not agree . no one can make a reasonable decision about this man 's future without at least meeting he . no doctor would presume to diagnose a patient he have never meet . carr no , treves , it 's out of the question . now if it be up to I , I would say " certainly , let 's meet the fellow , by all mean , " I be sorry , I simply can not speak for the other member of the committee . treve then will you meet he , as a representative of the committee . carr Mr. treves , it 's out of the question . I want to hear as soon as possible what the other hospital can do . I be sorry . hallway - staircase - the london we see treves leave carr gomm 's office and walk toward we to the stairwell . as treves begin down the stair , he see byte on the next landing come up . byte spot he and go toward he . byte I want my man back . treve just a moment , how do you get in here ? byte never mind that , I want my man ! treve he 's still very sick . please come downstairs with I . I will explain the situation . byte ( shouting ) don 't ... do not muck I about . you have have plenty of time to fix he up , and he 's leave with I , now . do you understand I ? now , Mr. treves . we have a bargain ! treve you misunderstand . this man suffer a severe fall , if you take my meaning . he 's my patient now and I must do what ... byte pull the other one , why do not you ! we make a deal ! treve I know what you have do to he and he 's never go back to that . byte he 's a freak ! that 's how they live . we be partner , he and I , business partner . you be willfully deprivin ' I of my livlihood ! treve all you do be profit from another man 's misery ! byte you think you be better and I ? you want the freak to show all you doctor chum and make a name for yourself , you guv . so I give he to you . on trust , in the name of science ! and now I want he back . treve you do not own this man ! byte I want he back ! treve so you can beat he ? so you can starve he ? a dog in the street would fare better with you ! byte I have get my rights , damn you , and I be go to the authority ! carr ( v.o. ) well , go to the authority ... now we see carr gomm stand above they , at the top of the stair . carr by all mean do so . in fact , I will fetch they myself . I be quite sure they would be very interested in you story , as well as ours . livid , byte look from carr gomm to treves , at a loss for word . treve now I think we really do understand one another . byte ( venomously ) right ... right . he back slowly down to the landing eyeing treves and carr gomm . at the landing he casually turn and disappear down more stair . treves turn and gaze at carr gomm . carr singularly unpleasant chap ... uh ... I do not suppose there would be any harm in my meeting you ... patient , Mr. treves . treve ( gratefully ) thank you very much Sir . shall we say in a few day then ? carr shall we say two o'clock tomorrow afternoon ? treve ( slightly take aback ) wh ... whatever be most convenient for you , sir . carr two o'clock then ... you know treves ... it seem this acquaintance of yours have become rather more than just a acquaintance . treve ... yes , sir. they part company . we follow treves down the stair . treve ( mutter ) two o'clock ? then we follow carr gomm to he office door . he stop short . carr ( mumble out loud ) elephant man ? I do not want to meet a elephant man . hallway - the london ( night ) again , the hospital be close down for the night . light go off in each hallway . the staff be vacate the hospital . as the last light go off , we hear the great iron door slam shut . treve ' house - bedroom ( night ) Anne be at she dress table , brush out she hair . she be in a very flatter dress gown , ready to turn in . we see she reflect in the mirror as well as treves who be in he robe in the background seat at he side of they bed , deep in think . Anne look at treves and smile affectionately . anne ( coyly ) freddie ? get no response she renew she effort . anne freddie ?... freddie , do not look so discourage . treve I should not be . we make great progress today . I teach he to repeat a few basic phrase . he do rather well , too , but I have to lead he every step of the way . though frankly , at time I be unsure of who be lead whom . anne what do you mean ? treve well , I be not sure whether he be parrot I because that 's all he be capable of , or whether he sense that that 's all I want to hear , and he be try to please I . anne but I think you say that he be rather ... simple ? treve he be . I mean , I have always think he be . I think he must be . be he simple ? or be that just something I have wish upon he to make thing simpler for myself ? Anne put down the brush and rise . anne Frederick , why be you so interested in this particular case ? treve I do not know . I can not explain it . if this be a intelligent man , trap in the body of a monster , then I be under a moral obligation to help free that mind , free that spirit as best I can , to help he live as full and content a life as possible . but ! if he 's a imbecile , who 's body I can not treat and who 's mind I can not touch , well , then my obligation be discharge . they can put he where they will ; he will not be bother , I will not be bother , and everyone 's conscience can remain free and untrouble . and that be my dilemma ... what be in he mind ? Anne , sympathize with he concern go to he and put she arm around he . anne perhaps you be just polish a stone , endow this elephant man with quality he do not possess ? treve ( impatiently ) and what quality be that ? Intelligence or stupidity ? anne ( slightly hurt ) I be sure I do not know , freddie . she release treves and lie down . treves realize that perhaps he have be unkind . treve I be sorry ... I do not know either . I just do not know . anne well , this thing take time . treve I have only get until two o'clock tomorrow afternoon , when carr gomm meet he . somehow , between now and then I have get to make John merrick at least seem like a intelligent man ... why be I fool myself ? nothing short of John deliver the sermon on the mount be go to sway carr gomm ... Anne sit back up and gently place she hand over treves ' mouth . as she do so she lean forward and turn out the light . isolation ward merrick be propped up in bed . suddenly the door burst open . the night porter , a arm around a drunken giggle tart , stand in the doorway . as soon as the charwoman see merrick , she scream as do merrick , and she wriggle free , make for the stair . the night porter watch she go and then turn to merrick laugh noisily . he then pull the door shut with a bang . merrick , very frighten , crawl down into he hide place . bedroom ( morning ) we see Anne alone in bed , asleep . treves be finish dress and leave the room . the sound of the door close awaken Anne . she look around for treves . a clock read 5:30 . isolation ward merrick 's disguise hang on the wall . merrick ( v.o. ) the Lord be my shepherd , I shall not want , he maketh I to lie down in green pasture ; he leadeth I beside still water . he restoreth my soul : he guideth I in the path of righteousness ... treve righteousness ... merrick ( v.o. ) righteousness for he namesake . we now see treve and merrick treve very good , very good . now , when you visitor come today I want you to say it exactly the way you say it just now . I will introduce he to you and you will say the word you have learn . if you have any trouble with any of the word , I will help you . I be sure you will be just fine . if you do as well for he as you have do for I this last two day , then I be sure we visitor will be very pleased . now , let 's go through the whole thing again , shall we ? I will say " May I introduce you to Mr. carr gomm . " and you will say ... merrick hello , my name be John merrick . I be very pleased to meet you ! hallway treves and carr gomm be speak together as they walk along . treve it 's only a physical problem . he have trouble with certain sound because of the constrictive deformity of the mouth . but he can talk , and have a great eagerness to make contact with people who will let he . so if you have any difficulty understanding what he be say , just tell I and I will make it clear . carr speak be one thing , treves , but can the man comprehend ? treves can not easily answer this question . treve ... as I say , it 's only a physical problem ... but I do feel that Mr. merrick be very flatter that you be take the time and trouble to meet he , and he 's most anxious to make a good impression , so he might seem rather nervous . carr he need not . I have no desire to cause he any discomfort . do you make that inquiry we speak about ? treve yes , I speak to both the british Home and Royal Hospital for incurables . I be afraid that they be not very encourage , but they say they would bring it up at they next committee meeting , so we should have they answer shortly . carr Fine , fine . you know , you dedication to this patient be a inspiring thing , treves . but you must remember that this be a hospital , and there be many patient here . patient who can be make well , and you owe they you first consideration . just do not become so obsessed , old man , that you begin to neglect they . carr gomm start up the stair . treves remain behind , watch he for a moment , then follow . isolation ward merrick be stand beside he disguise on its hook . he nervously smooth the cloak down , reposition the Bible on the bedside table and smooth the cloak again . he look at the door , expect it to open . it do not . his hand smooth the cloak over and over again . voice can be hear outside the door . merrick freeze . there be two rap at the door . merrick flinch , clutching the cloak . the rap be repeat . he pull himself together and walk to the middle of the room . he take a deep breath and close he eye . merrick come in . the door open and treves and carr gomm enter . carr gomm 's eye be rivite on merrick , but he contain he shock . merrick be breathe unevenly , he eye still close . treves go to he and touch he shoulder . merrick open he eye and look up at treves . treves turn to carr gomm , as do merrick . carr gomm lower he eye . treve John , may I introduce you to Sir carr gomm . merrick hello ... my name be John merrick . I be very pleased to meet you . carr gomm , still shake , instinctively offer he hand . carr I be very ... pleased to meet you . before carr gomm can withdraw he hand , merrick grasp it with he leave hand . there be a uncomfortable silence . merrick release it . carr gomn , nervously clear he throat . carr how be you feel today ? merrick I feel much better . thank you for ask . and you ? carr I be feel very fit , thank you . how be you bronchitis ? merrick I feel much better . thank you . carr be you comfortable here ? merrick everyone have be very kind . I be extremely grateful . treve Mr. merrick like the food here . do not you John ? merrick oh yes ! it be much better than what I be use to . carr oh yes ? treve ( after a pause ) and what be that , John ? merrick potato ... there be another agonizing silence . treve ( to carr gomm ) ... yes potato ... but ... merrick but the variety of food here be very pleasing ... I commend you . carr ( after a pause ) I understand that you be beat ? merrick be at a loss . this be not part of the expect scenario . dierrick oh no , everyone have be very kind . carr no , I mean in you former situation . merrick do not seem to understand . merrick I be feel much better now ... carr gomm stare levelly at treves for a moment , then ask merrick : carr tell I , how do you like Mr. treves ? as a teacher ? treves stiffen . merrick ... i... everyone have be very kind to I . carr of course . how long do you and Mr. treves prepare for this interview ? merrick look at treves for guidance , but treves can not look he in the eye . merrick ... everyone have be very kind . carr yes , of course ... well , it 's be a pleasure meeting you , Mr. merrick . good day . treve ( to John ) thank you , John . you do very well . treves and carr gomm go out the door onto the landing . merrick see he chance escape he and try to recapture they attention . merrick ( he voice be gain strength ) the Lord be my shepherd , I shall not want . he maketh I to lie down in green pasture ... ( he continue through the follow dialogue ) treves and carr gomm be alone on the landing , speak quietly . carr it be a nice try , treves , but the man be so obviously mouth you word . treve yes , I be very sorry to have waste you time , sir . I just feel that I have to do anything I could to protect he . carr I be sorry too . he simply do not belong here . he 's be much happier somewhere else , where he could be constantly look after . believe I , Frederick , it 's better that it work out this way . good day . merrick have come to the end of what treves teach he to say . he make one last , desperate attempt to be hear . treves , dishearten , stand on the landing as carr gomm start down the stair . merrick ( v.o. ) ( now full voice ) yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil , for thou art with I ; thy rod and thy staff , they comfort I ... treves be stare , open-mouthed , back into the room . carr gomm look up at he . carr what be it , treves ? merrick ( v.o. ) thou preparest a table before I in the presence of mine enemy , thou anointest my head with oil ... treve I do not teach he that part ! treves rush back into the room , follow by carr gomm . merrick my cup runneth over . surely goodness and loving kindness shall follow I all the day of my life , and I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever . there be a long silence as all three man stare at each other . treve how do you , know the rest ? I never teach you the rest of it . carr I do not understand . treve tell I , John , how do you know the rest of the 23rd psalm ? merrick ( hesitantly ) I ... I use to read the Bible every day . I know it very well . the Bible , and the Book of common prayer . the 23rd psalm be very beautiful . isolation ward a few minute later . we hear voice inside the room . carr ( v.o . ) it be a great pleasure to meet you , Mr. merrick . merrick I be very pleased to meet you . carr I hope we can talk together again sometime . good day . the door open and carr gomm and treves come out . treve ( to merrick ) I will be right back . he close the door . carr I want to see you in my office as soon as you be through up here . we have a good deal to discuss . he start down the stair . treve of course , sir . thank you , thank you very much . carr gomm stop on the stair . carr treves . well do . treve not I , sir . Mr. merrick . he succeed in spite of my shortsightedness . isolation ward merrick be on the bed , propped up by pillow . the door open . treves come in , shut the door and lean against it . they look at each other for a moment . treve why do you let I go on like that , teach you what you already know ? why do not you tell I you could read ? merrick you do not ask I . treve I never think to ask . how can you ever forgive I ? merrick oh , no do not say that . you have be so kind to I . I be afraid to say too much . people always want I to be quiet . you want I to speak , but I be afraid . forgive I . treve we do have a lot to talk about , do not we ? carr gomm office carr gomm be seat at the window , look out silently . there be a knock at the door and treves enter . he quietly close the door and walk to the window . carr gomm never move . carr can you imagine what he life have be like ? treve yes , I think I can . carr no you can not . you can not begin to know , no one can . carr gomm suddenly stand and face treves . carr you be quite right , treves , this be a exceptional case . and I quite agree that the committee should see Mr. merrick . treve I could easily arrange ... carr no , not that way . broadneck and the other do not like to deal with patient directly . it make they queasy ... do you have any photograph of Mr. merrick ? treve well , yes . carr excellent . we shall present they , along with the other particular of the case to the committee . I want they to see , exactly , how horribly he body have be affect . you and I shall vouch for he inner quality . treve do you think they will go along with we ? carr of course they will . they be reasonable man . isolation ward merrick be in bed , very tired . it 's be a exhaust day . suddenly the door open and mothershead come into the room . merrick look up at she very apprehensively . she walk over to the bed , pick up the Bible from the table , open it and hand it to merrick . mothershead read it . merrick look down at the Bible . merrick thou heardest my voice ; hide not thine ear at my breathe , at my cry . mothershead back slowly to the door , deeply disturb . she stare at merrick for a moment . mothershead credit where credit be due . you will have the paper every morning at breakfast . she quickly turn and exit . merrick look down at the Bible . it be open to " lamentation " . hallway - the london ( night ) as before the light be go off in one hallway after another . the hallway be empty , dark and silent . we hear the great iron door close with a bang . isolation ward ( night ) merrick be in he bed as always . he hold the portrait of the beautiful woman , gaze at it longingly . he hear a door close far away in the silence of the hospital . suddenly we hear the heavy footfalls of the night porter 's boot . as they get louder and louder we move slowly closer to merrick 's face . the sound be very close now , and merrick 's eye be visibly agitate . finally , the door burst open and the night porter be stand there . he stare malevolently at merrick for a long moment and then walk to he menacingly . night porter I hear you have some trouble sleepin' ... he grab merrick fiercely by the hair and jerk he head back . merrick immediately start to wheeze and gasp . night porter head 's too heavy , eh ? he pull merrick all the way down onto the bed , so that he be prone , struggle for breath . night porter and I hear a nasty rumor about you ; I hear you can talk but you can not , can you ... can you ... can you ?... merrick ( struggle ) noooo ! the night porter be as first surprised , and then pleased at the desperate sound . night porter no ... no you can not ! one word about I out of that stinking cakehole ... just one word , and you will have no trouble at sleepin ' ... no trouble at all . you understand I ? do you !! merrick ( croaking ) yyyesss . satisfied , the night porter rights merrick who be just able to catch he breath . the night porter smile and pat merrick on the shoulder . night porter there now , that 's better , i ' n ' it ? hallway treves and carr gomm be on they way to the committee meeting , confident of they position . treves be hold a folder , and carr gomm be look at the photograph of merrick . carr as far as I can see , the only obstacle might be broadneck . he have enormous influence over the other , very old school , not a easy man to impress . in any case , if worse do come to worse , we still have the british and Royal Homes to fall back on , do not we . treves be silent . they stop . carr do not we ? treve no , we do not . they committee have inform I that they be unwilling to take Mr. merrick , even if they be supply with fund . they do not want he . carr well , it 's up to we then , be not it ? they continue walk . carr do not worry treves , we will make they see it we way . he look at the picture . carr they have eye , have not they ? they go through a door mark " Committee room " . committee room - the london hospital we see a pair of hand . one of the photograph of merrick be pass to they . they hold it for a moment , then lay it down flat on the table . one of the hand cover the photograph with a piece of paper . treve ( v.o. ) ... due to the progressive nature of the disease , I feel sure that the patient do not have much longer to live . we pan up from the hand to see broadneck , he face pinch with disgust . he sniff , and gaze coolly at treves . treve forgive the redundancy , gentleman , but there be no other place for he . both the Royal Hospital and the british Home have turn he down even if sufficient fund for he care be provide . the workhouse be certainly out of the question . the patient have a overwhelming fear of return to the horror of he past . his appearance be so disturbing that all shrink from he . he cannot , in justice to other , be put in the general ward of the workhouse . the police rightly prevent he be exhibit , and he be mobbed in the street wherever he go . what be to be do with he ? broadneck I , for one , be sick and tired of this competitive freak-hunting by this overly ambitious young doctor , try to make name for themselves . to parade then about in front of the pathological society be one thing , but to waste this committee 's valuable time with request for shelter for this abomination of nature be quite another . treve gentlemen , John merrick be not a animal , he be a man , fully aware of he condition . a intelligent , sensitive , literate man , with a intimate knowledge of the Bible . his horrible infirmity do not reduce he to anything less than what he be , a man ; and it would be criminal if we of the London Hospital , he final refuge , the last place on earth where this man can find peace , be to cast he out . carr gomm , from he chair on the committee , pound he gavel . carr gentlemen , may I make a suggestion . there be two small room off bedstead Square that be no longer in use and would be admirably suite to Mr. merrick 's need . I also propose to write a letter to the Times , appeal to they reader for assistance . know the generosity of the british public , I feel we would have little trouble in raise the fund for he maintenance . indeed , this hospital 's rule do preclude the admission of incurable , but if ever there be a exception to the rule , it be this patient . so therefore , I propose , if Mr. treves be finish , that we put it to a vote . all that in favor of keep Mr. merrick here ? carr gomm and another committee member raise they hand . broadneck be displease . broadneck one moment , ( show the picture of merrick ) as far as I be concerned this creature have no business be in we hospital . I think Mr. carr gomm 's letter would be a excellent idea , ( to carr gomm ) and when you appeal for fund , I think you should appeal for a more appropriate place for he as well . I agree the british public be generous , and I be sure that somewhere the creature will find a happy and permanent home , but not here . one of the committee member say " I quite agree " . carr gomm scowl a bit . carr I see . all , then , that move we keep Mr. merrick here ? carr gomm raise he hand . none of the other do . treves and carr gomm exchange hopeless glance . carr gomm look at the man who have originally raise he hand . he look away , ashamed . carr all that oppose ? broadneck and the rest raise they hand . carr I see . broadneck ( triumphantly ) well then . in the meantime , of course , he need not be turn out . he may stay in the room off bedstead Square until such time as more suitable arrangement can be make , thus freeing the isolation Ward for more deserve patient . well then , Mr. Chairman , if there be nothing further to discuss , I move that we adjourn this meeting and all go bout we normal business . carr gomm can not conceal he contempt . carr I second the motion gentleman . this meeting be adjourned . the other cough they agreement and hurriedly leave the room . treves walk over to the committee table and take the paper off the photograph . he stare sadly at merrick 's picture . carr ( v.o. ) somehow I do not think they quite understand . theatre dressing room we see a very lovely woman seat in a chair before a mirror . she be read aloud from the Times . her hair be be brush by a young girl . woman ... terrible though he appearance be , so terrible indeed that woman and nervous person fly in terror from the sight of he , and that he be debarr from seek to earn he livelihood in any ordinary way , yet he be superior in intelligence , can read and write , be quiet , gentle , not to say even refine in he mind . she turn to the girl thoughtfully . woman I would very much like to meet that gentleman . he sound almost shakespearean . dine hall - the london the room be elegantly furnish and heavily carpete . the wall be panell in richly gleam walnut with finely wringht brass lamp space regularly along they length . in the center of the room be a long oak table with a fine linen table cloth , around which sit a number of doctor , among they , Fox . some of they be still eat . a waiter be clear away a few plate and several doctor be help themselves to port wine keep in decanter in the center of the table and to cigar in humidor . one of they be read the Times . at one end of the table sit treves , pick at he food . # 1 doctor " ... in life until he come under the kind care of the nursing staff of the London Hospital and the surgeon who have befriend he ... " # 2 doctor good publicity for the Hospital , at any rate . # 3 doctor treves come off well too , eh freddie ? # 4 doctor it be pleasant of you to join we this evening , Frederick . # 2 doctor you elephant man dining out this evening ? # 4 doctor I understand the kitchen run out of hay this morning . the group laugh . fox ( slightly sourly ) do continue read , Mr. stanley , please . # 1 doctor " ... it be a case of singular affliction bring about through no fault of himself ; he can but hope for quiet and privacy during a life which Mr. treves assure I be not likely to be long , " there be a short pause . # 4 doctor the elephant man . make you sound rather more like a zoo-keeper than a surgeon , Frederick . the group again laugh . treves clear he throat and rise . treve Excuse I gentleman . I seem to have lose my appetite . good evening . treves leave the room . # 4 doctor I say , what 's he on about ? # 3 doctor he 's get a bit of a swell head , if you ask I . fox ( coldly ) well , no one do ask you Atkins . Frederick treves be not only the most skillful surgical operator here , he 's also a humanitarian of the high order . you sound like a pack of whining school boy with you petty jealousy . # 3 doctor look here , Fox , I simply say . fox oh belt up ! a deep silence fall over the doctor . bedstead square room ( night ) we see a small , very dusty , dirty room , fill with box and bedstead and other thing store over the year . the one grimy window be lock shut . the door open and two middle - age charwomen enter . they look around at the room with distaste and drop they mop and bucket . 1st woman there be cleaner room in the gaswork . she reach into she apron pocket and pull out a pint bottle of gin . she take a drink and pass it to she friend . 1st woman who 's all the fuss for , then ? 2 nd woman ( wiping she mouth ) do not you know ? it 's for that strange one . 1st woman Mr. treves ' elephant man ? I hear he 's get a trunk . 2 nd woman right , right . the 1st woman take the bottle and walk across the room . she force open the balky window and sit on the sill . 2 nd woman blimey , now we be cleanin ' up for circus animal ! the 1st woman , laugh , take another healthy swig from the bottle . we see past she through the window , the dark silhouette of the main spire of St. Philip 's Cathedral against the sky . it fill the screen . dissolve to : isolation ward merrick sit on he bed , hunch over in concentration read a illustrate London News . he be stare at a picture of the eddystone lighthouse . merrick ( read softly ) " a silent shaft of stone on a desert promontory , the lonely eddystone be a beacon of aid and comfort to mariner of all nation . " he look at the picture silently . there be a knock at the door . merrick say , " come in " . treves enter , hold a book . treve good evening . how be you feel ? merrick good evening . very well , thank you . and you ? treve very well , thank you . I have something for you , John . I be sure you will enjoy it , it 's very popular . he hold the book out to he . it 's a " Alice in wonderland " . merrick ( surprised ) thank you ... so much ... oh it 's beautiful ! he lovingly feel the leather bind and look at treves with speechless gratitude . merrick carefully open the book to a color frontpiece , the picture of Alice grow too large for a hallway , look imploringly at the dwarf White rabbit . the caption read " ...curiouser and curiouser " . he leaf through the page look at the other illustration as treves , delighted with the gift 's effect , look on . treve I come to tell you that I will be here early tomorrow morning . we be move you to you permanent home . I be sure you will be very happy there , John . so get a good night 's rest , there will be new people to meet tomorrow . good night . treves smile broadly and exit . merrick ( weakly ) good night . treves ' word have disturb merrick . he sink into the pillow , the book before he . we see the picture of the mock turtle perch upon he rock , great tear roll down he cow - like face , as Alice and the gryphon look on with intense sympathy . merrick look up at he disguise hang on the wall . the peacock pub - whitechapel the night porter enter and saunter over to the noisy crowd . as they welcome he , he slap down the Times on the bar counter for all to see . night porter here ... listen to this . this be a letter to the London Times from the guvnor of the hospital . ( start to read ) there be now in a little room off one of we attic ward a man name John merrick , so dreadful a sight that he be unable even to come out by daylight to the garden . he have be call the elephant man on account of he terrible deformity ... the night porter have the undivide attention of the people in the pub . night porter ... his appearance be so terrible that woman and nervous person fly in terror at the sight of he . ( pause ) ... and guess who can get you ticket to see he ? you own sunny Jim ! young man in crowd let 's go see he , then ! night porter keep you shirt on . ( shaking he finger at they ) ... when the time be right . right now he 's in the attic but tomorrow they be movin ' he into bedstead Square , right into my lap ... then ... for the right price you will see something you will never see again in you life . he lift he glass to he lip . we move back to see byte ' boy who , have hear the night porter 's word , slip unnotice from the pub . merrick ( wheeze ) workhouse ! hallway - moving day merrick , in he disguise , and treves , one arm around he , be walk together . merrick seem very uneasy . a nurse , on duty early or late get off , pass they . she stare at the hood figure . they continue on in silence . bedstead square room the room be now spotless . it be furnish with a bed and the require pillow , a small table and chair by the window , now curtain . adjoin this room be a smaller one which contain a bathtub . merrick enter and look around , confuse . treves stand in the doorway . merrick turn to he . treve this be you new home , John . merrick pull off he hood . his eye be bewilder . merrick this ... be my new home ? treve yes . merrick ( incredulous ) the hospital ? treve of course ! what do you think ? merrick 's eye glisten with hold back tear . he lower they . merrick ( almost sobbing ) how long will I stay here ? treve I promise you . you will never see the inside of that horrible place again . you will never , ever go back to the workhouse ... or that man . it 's a splendid room , do not you think ? merrick inspect he new home . he seem pleased - by the bathtub , by the table , by the window to the outside world . merrick pull the curtain aside and open the window . he look out and then up with a small intake of breath . before he , beyond the hospital fence , the spire of St. Phillips Cathedral stand resplendently in the morning light . merrick when I be next move may I go to a lighthouse ?... or to a blind - asylum ? hallway we see carr gomm walk to he office . he be meet at the door by a anxious treves . treve have the response pick up ? carr frankly , treves , it 's not what I would expect . a few small cheque . well - wisher . do not worry , this thing undoubtedly take time . treve but he 's so afraid he 's go to be carte off . I have promise he that will not happen . carr well ... I will let you know if there 's something in the afternoon post . treve please do . carr gomm go back into he office and treves walk off . merrick room ( a while later ) there be no one in the room . the bathroom door open and nora and another nurse enter , carry bucket which they set down by the hall door . they straighten up and lean back against it . Mrs. mothershead enter from the bathroom , speak over she shoulder to merrick . mothershead well , I think I can safely hand the duty over to you girl now . Mr. merrick will require a bath every day ... that way he will not pong quite so much . nora , you can instruct Kathleen on the finer point of Mr. merrick 's bath . you will be on you own tomorrow . the girl try to keep bright face . mothershead do not look so glum girl . such enthusiastic volunteer should be more cheerful . mothershead start to exit . mothershead oh , and girl , under no circumstance be there to be any mirror bring into this room . she exit . kathleen he 's ... so ugly ! nora Ugly or not , you be go to help I . merrick quietly enter the room , dress in a billowy white shirt and baggy black pants . the two nurse try to smile , but he can not look at they . nora feeling better now , Mr. merrick ? merrick yes . Kathleen 's eye go wide at the sound . nora you look very nice in you new clothes . merrick look down at himself . merrick thank you very much . nora well , if there be nothing more , I suppose we will be leave you now . merrick no , nothing . the girl leave , take the bucket . merrick , alone , walk about the room get the feel of he new clothes . there be a knock at the door and treves enter . treve you look splendid , John . merrick thank you very much . treve when one be invite to tea , one must look one 's best . CUT to : entry hall and sitting room - treve ' home the door open . merrick , disguise , enter , follow by treves who close it and hang up merrick 's mask on the coat rack . the mirror have be remove , leave a faint outline on the wall . merrick be enchant by the house . treves take he by the arm and lead he into the sit room . Anne appear at the top of the stair . treve ( v.o. ) make yourself comfortable , John . treves come back to the foot of the stair and smile up at Anne . treve come and meet we quest , my love . Anne manage a smile , come down the stair and together they go into the sit room . merrick be examine everything in the room . nothing in this almost magical world escape he attention . the furniture , the personal memento , particularly the picture on the fireplace . he turn around when he hear they enter , lowering he eye . treve John merrick , I would like you to meet my wife , Anne treves . Anne be startle , but conceal it very well . anne ( smile ) I be very pleased to meet you , Mr. merrick . Anne extend she hand . John take she hand and look up very slowly meeting she eye . Anne smile . merrick I be very ... then , merrick burst into tear . Anne be at a loss as to what to do . merrick take he hand from hers and cover he eye , weep pitiously . treves put he hand on merrick 's shoulder . treve John ... what 's the matter ? John ... why be you upset ? merrick ( sobbing ) I be not use to such kindness . from a beautiful woman . treves and Anne exchange worried look . annne would you like a nice cup of tea , Mr. merrick ? merrick ( still sobbing ) yes ... thank you . treve yes , a cup of tea would go nicely . Anne go now to get the tea . treve John ... would you like to see the rest of the house ? merrick can not answer through he sob . treve come with I , John . I will show it to you . kitchen Anne be compose herself by busily fix the tea and cake . she stop for a moment , take a breath , and then resume she activity . dissolve to : treves and merrick come down the stair . merrick be calm now . they go into the sit room , where Anne be just set the tea tray out . treves usher merrick to a highbacked sofa and sit he down . merrick be very shy of Anne . treves and Anne sit on the other side of the table . anne Mr. merrick , sugar ? merrick yes please , two . anne one or two ? merrick two , please . Anne serve the tea . treve John love the house . anne do you ? merrick oh yes . you have so many nice thing , and so much room . anne oh ? treve yes , we do have a lot of room . but you should see the place on weekend , when I see patient here . sometimes there be so many , we have to set they down wherever we can . in fact , Mrs. treves sometimes say that the only room she can call she own be the bedroom . treves and Anne laugh good - naturedly . merrick 's face , as always , be quite blank . merrick ( earnestly ) well , it 's a lovely bedroom . what do you call that thing above the bed ? treve that 's a canopy , John . merrick ohhh ... treve how be you tea , John ? merrick it 's very good . I be enjoy my visit with you very much . it 's so very kind of you to have I as a guest in you home . I be sorry I make a spectacle of myself . treve not at all , John . merrick I love the way you have arrange you picture on the mantlepiece . be that the way it 's do in most house ? treve oh yes . merrick who be they of ? treve oh , we relative ... the child . merrick the child ! May I see ? treve of course . treves go to the fireplace and take down a few picture . he hand a picture of the girl to merrick . merrick ( as if look at a icon ) the Children . where be you child treve oh , they be go for the day ... with friend . merrick ( the word give he pleasure ) Friends . ah yes , friend ! how nice . anne and here be one of Frederick 's mother . merrick how lovely . treve yes . anne and here be my mother and father . merrick they have noble face . anne ( a cord be strike ) I have always think that myself . merrick oh , yes . merrick set the picture down carefully . merrick ( ever so timidly ) would you ... would you like to see my mother ? treve ( startle ) you mother ? merrick here . he reach into he cloak and bring out the small portrait of the beautiful woman . treves be absolutely amaze . merrick gently hand the picture to Anne . anne oh ... why Mr. merrick she 's beautiful . merrick she have the face of a angel ... she be a angel . she be so kind ... so kind to I . it 's not she fault , for in the fourth month of she maternal condition she be knock down by a elephant . I be sure I must have be a great disappointment to she . anne ( visibly touch ) oh no , Mr. merrick . no . no son as loving as you be could ever be a disappointment . merrick if only I could find she . if only she could see I now , here , with such lovely kind friend . you , Mrs. treves , and you , Mr. treves . then maybe she would love I as I be . I have try to hard to be good . at this , Anne be so extremely touch that she begin to cry . she try to hold it in , but to no avail . she reach a hand out to merrick and he take it . he try to comfort she . merrick please ... please ... but Anne go on , as treves , in wonder , watch she and merrick lock together in the communication of intense sympathy . rear entrance - the london merrick , in the dimly light rear hall , be huddle over a trash can tuck underneath a stairway . he pull out a discard drug box . he hold it closely to he chest and go into he room . merrick room merrick go to he table and put the box down . he hang up he disguise , then go back to the window and pull the curtain aside . moonlight bathes the table , illuminate the portrait of he mother . John seat himself and set the box in front of he . he reach for a pencil , and then begin to draw window on the front of the box . outside merrick room ( morning ) nora be come down the hall with a breakfast tray . she stop at merrick 's door and raise a hand to knock . merrick room merrick , as before , be hunch over the table , pencil in hand . the side of the box be cover with carefully draw window and archway . there be a knock at the door and merrick , startle , look up . nora enter and put the tray on the table . she glance at the box . nora good morning , Mr. merrick . merrick good morning . she turn and walk to the cabinet for linen and bath supplies . she open it and take out a clean towel and a blanket . she pause , and turn to look back at the table . merrick be concentrate on he work . nora , curious now , walk to the table . merrick , conscious of she presence , lean back in he chair and look up at she . nora what be this that you be do ? merrick be silent . nora ( point at the box ) what be it ? merrick point through the window . nora what ? oh ! I see ! it 's St. Phillips . oh , of course . why ... why that 's very good , I mean you have get the window and arch just right . merrick yes . nora but it 's so good , I mean ... it 's so very good . merrick thank you ... very much . nora where do you get this box ? merrick point out toward the hallway . nora the hallway ? oh , the wastecan ! merrick I mean no harm , it be the only place where I could find cardboard . I think it have be throw away . nora it 's alright , it be throw away . no one want it . it 's just that it 's a little dirty , that 's all . she set the towel and blanket down as she lean closer to inspect the box . she point to a circle draw on top . nora what 's this ? merrick the main spire . nora the ... oh , the spire ! how silly of I , it 's as plain as day ... Mr. merrick , where do you learn to do this ? merrick ... I learn a long time ago . nora look at the box . nora oh , but how will you finish it ? you have not any more cardboard . merrick , at a loss , shrug he shoulder . the movement make nora aware of he body , and he be the elephant man once again . merrick I will have to find some more . nora ( uncomfortably ) yes ... well , good day , Mr. merrick . she quickly exit . merrick watch she go and then turn back to he work . he see the towel and the blanket . he turn quickly to call after nora , but stop himself . merrick take up the towel and blanket , walk into the bathroom , and carefully drape the towel over the back of the bath . merrick room merrick be at he table work on he cathedral . there be a knock at the door . merrick come in . treves enter . treve good morning , John . merrick good morning . treve John , there 's someone here who would like to meet you . would that be alright ? merrick be a trifle apprehensive , but he agree . treves usher mrs . kendal through the door . at the sight of she , merrick 's eye go wide . treve John , I would like you to meet one of the brightest light of the british stage , Mrs. kendal . Mrs. kendal , John merrick . kendal good day , Mr. merrick . merrick good day ...! kendal I have bring you some thing . I hope you will like , Mr. merrick . I hope you do not think it too forward . merrick oh , no . kendal I know you would understand . here . she -hands merrick a nicely frame picture of herself . merrick be speechless , overjoy by the gift . kendal I want you to know that I do not go about give my picture to just anyone . merrick oh , no . I would never think it ! it 's so beautiful . you be so ... I will give it a place of honor , here , next to my mother . he place it , with great care , next to he mother 's portrait . kendal she 's very pretty , you mother . merrick yes . treves smile at they . merrick be a trifle nervous but Mrs. kendal smile at he and he relax a little . merrick Mr. treves say that you be in the theatre . do you live there ? kendal oh no , Mr. merrick . I just work there . merrick well , even to work there would be wonderful . be it beautiful ? kendal you have never be ? merrick alas , no . kendal well you must go . it be one of the most beautiful place on earth . of course , I be rather partial . merrick tell I about it , please ! kendal it 's very difficult to put into a nutshell , but I should say the theater be the shrine of the imagination , where one may suspend disbelief and travel anywhere in the world , to any time you desire . you may look over the shoulder of king , unobserve , battle with ruthless tyrant , and marry the beautiful princess , all in the space of a few hour . onstage you may be whoever you wish to be , do anything you please , and always , always live happily ever after . the theatre be all the brightest and best thing of the world , Mr. merrick . it be light and music , gaiety and joy . it 's ... well , it 's romance . merrick ( the magic word ) romance ! kendal that 's one thing the theatre have in great store . which remind I . I have something else for you ... she produce a beautiful leather - bound volume of Shakespeare 's work . merrick take it with reverence and begin to leaf through it . kendal have you read it ? merrick no , but I certainly shall . merrick find a place and begin to read . merrick Romeo and juliet . I know of this ... " if I profane with my unworthiest hand , this holy shrine , the gentle fine be this : my lip , two blush pilgrim , ready stand , to smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss . " merrick , embarrassed by this last word , start to close the book . Mrs. kendal know juliet 's line by heart . she look at merrick for a moment , then reply tenderly . kendal good pilgrim , you do wrong you hand too much , which mannerly devotion show in this ; for saint have hand that pilgrim hand do touch , and palm to palm be holy palmer 's kiss . merrick pause , look at kendal , then continue . merrick have not saint lip , and holy palmer too ? kendal ay , pilgrim , lip that they must use in prayer . merrick o , then , dear saint , let lip do what hand do . they pray , grant thou , lest faith turn to despair . they both look at each other for a long , silent moment . treves be touch and amaze . kendal why , Mr. merrick , you be not a elephant man at all ... merrick oh no ? kendal oh no ... no ... you be a Romeo . dissolve to : the peacock - whitechapel people be happily drink and sing and laugh . byte and the boy be keep a watchful eye on the night porter , who be make a deal with a couple of man at a table . they hand over a few coin and follow the night porter out of the pub . byte finish he beer and thump the glass down on the bar . he wipe he mouth with he sleeve and he and the boy casually follow the other three man out . byte and the boy stand by the pub door , watch the man cross the street and go to the back gate of the hospital which the night porter unlock , and leave unlock , but close , behind they . they walk into bedstead Square , laugh quietly . byte cross the street and go to the gate . he walk along the iron fence and watch the night porter and he " customer " . he stop and wait to see where they go . the night porter stand the two man before a window and motion for they to wait . he go through a door into the hospital . after a few moment the window open wide , and there , neatly frame and silhouett , stand merrick and the night porter , grip merrick 's neck . the two man outside start back in shock , but stand mesmerize by what they see . we hear the laughter of the night porter echo across the empty square . byte smile broadly and say softly to himself . byte so , there you be , my boy , my treasure . a sitting room we see a small circle of woman have tea and gossip . one of they daughter , off to the side , be read a newspaper society page . girl mummy , listen to this ! mummy hush , Jennifer , can not you see mummy 's talk ? girl but it 's about Mrs. kendal , mummy ! the actress you go on so much about ! she have get the woman 's attention . girl " Mrs. kendal , always at the forefront of fashion and form , be see leave the London the other afternoon . no , dear reader , the most facile actress of we day have not be take ill , but rather say she be ' visit a friend ' . and who be the lucky recipient of this attention ? Quick enquiry prove it to be none other than Mr. John merrick , the elephant man , with whom we reader be undoubtedly familiar . after a chat of three - quarter of a hour , Mrs. kendal be kind enough to leave Mr. merrick with a autograph portrait of herself . owe to a disfigurement of the most extreme nature , Mr. merrick have never be properly present to London society . but know that wherever Mrs. kendal go , other inevitably follow , the question arise : will London society present itself to he ? " london hospital gate a carriage draw up in the street outside the hospital . a nicely dress woman stick she head out the window , look around and scowl disappointedly . nearby be park another carriage and driver . woman ( to she driver ) parkin , whose carriage be that ? driver well mum , that look like Alexander , Lord waddington 's driver . woman Lord and Lady waddington ! well . drive back to the house . ( indicate she clothing ) I can not be see in this . they drive off . above merrick 's bookshelf we see a row of frame picture of prettily smile society woman . Mrs. kendal have start a fad . we pan slowly by they and down to merrick 's table where he mother and Mrs. kendal have they place of honor . the cathedral be also there . beside it be a modest tea service . we now see a gentleman stand behind a seat lady . they hold teacup . they be both very attractive and empty-heade , and seem on the verge of scream . they smile at merrick who have be talk the whole while . merrick hold a elegant , silvertipped walk stick across he lap , and admire a ring that only fit he little finger . merrick thank you for you kind gift . I can not say enough about this ring . and this walk stick be ever so dash . so much more elegant than my old one . more tea ? the Lady and gentleman nod nervously . John take the teapot from the service and refill they cup . the Lady 's hand shake , rattling the cup against the saucer . merrick if you have a chill I can close the window . the lady oh no , no , no , I be fine . please ... I mean , thank you . merrick I do not get out as often as I would like to , for some people do find my appearance disturbing . of course , I can not fault they . we see the smile picture . merrick ( v.o. ) people be often frighten by what they do not understand . we see the picture of merrick 's mother . merrick ( v.o. ) and it be hard to understand , even for myself , for you see , mother be so very beautiful . we draw close to he mother 's picture . merrick ( v.o. ) how 's you tea ? the receiving room treves walk the Lord and Lady , they face lock in terrible silence , to the door . mothershead , at she desk , watch they pass with great disapproval . mothershead ( under she breath ) watery head bunch . treve I regret that I must leave you here , m'e Lord , m'e Lady . thank you so much for come . it be a act of the great charity . lady waddington oh no , Mr. treves , the pleasure be all ours . good day . as they turn to go , they face drop , they loathing undisguise . treves close the door . he go to mothershead . treve incredible , be not it ? well , I think John have have enough visitor for one day , mothershead . I have get a lecture at the college , I will be back this evening . mothershead Excuse I , sir . I would like to have a word with you . treve oh ?... well , quickly please , mothershead , I be overdue . mothershead I can not understand why you let that people go in there , sir . treve now mothershead , you have to understand that this be very good for John . he relish contact with people outside the hospital ... mothershead but you see they , sir . they could not hide they disgust . they do not care anything for John , they be just try to impress they friend . treve be not you be just a little harsh , mothershead ? you yourself hardly treat John with much loving kindness when he first arrive . mothershead I bath he , do not I ? I feed he and clean up after he ! if loving kindness can be call care and practical concern , then yes , I do treat he with loving kindness , and I be not ashamed to say it . treve you be right , mothershead , please forgive I ... of course , I appreciate everything you have do for John , and I be glad that you be concerned about he welfare . but , I be the physician in charge and I must do what I think best . I be also very late , so please forgive I . he start to go . mothershead step in front of he , detain he . mothershead if you ask I , sir , he 's just be stare at all over again . merrick room we pan across merrick 's bookcase , now quite full , and we see a few title : " moll flander " , " Emma ' , " Jane eyre " , " pamela " , and then to merrick . he and treves be read poetry together . merrick when will the stream be aweary of flow under my eye ? when will the wind be aweary of blow over the sky ? when will the cloud be aweary of fleeting ? when will the heart be aweary of beat , and nature die ? treve never , oh ! never , nothing will die . the stream flow the wind blow the heart beat nothing will die . merrick close he book and sit silently for a moment . merrick Mr. treves , there be something I have be meaning to ask you for some time ... treve yes , John ? merrick ... can you cure I ? treves be take aback . he consider , then say tentatively . treve no John , I can not . I can care for you , but I can not cure you . merrick I think as much . merrick rise . treves ponder over what merrick have just say . he look at merrick and something very odd happen . merrick be look levelly at he . for the first and only time , we see expression on he face . it be a calm , know look , almost a benign smile . at that very moment there be a bright flash of light behind merrick 's head , seemingly from the window . treves blink , unable to comprehend what have just happen . when he look again , the moment have pass . merrick , he back to treves , move to the bookcase to replace the volume . treve John ...? there 's a knock at the door . merrick come in . nora enter with a brown paper parcel tie with string . merrick say nothing . treve be you look for I , sister ? nora no sir , Mr. merrick . ( to merrick ) I have something for you . she put the parcel on the table and open it . we see several square of new cardboard , a cut knife , a pastepot , and a few brushes and some paint . nora I think this thing would be helpful with you cathedral . merrick examine the material with reverence , and thanks she profusely . treves be move and a little disconcert . merrick lay the thing aside carefully and begin to pull the crude spire from the discard box . nora smile at the busy merrick and exit . treve the cathedral be come along nicely . merrick ( bend over the model ) yes , soon I will start the main spire , but I must finish this column first , how kind of she ! treves notice to he dismay that the growth on merrick 's head be larger . he find it very difficult to disguise he concern . treve how blind of I . be there anything else , John , anything at all that I could get for you ? merrick oh no ! there be nothing ! I have everything , you have give I everything I could possibly want . I be happy every hour of the day . I only wish there be something I could give to you . treve please John , it would give I so much pleasure to give you something . something just for yourself . be not there something you would like to have ? merrick be silent . he go over to he cloak , reach into it and pull out a fold up advertisement . he hand it to treves , who examine it closely . it be a advertisement for an-elegant gentleman 's dress bag , boast ivory brushes , silver fitting and moroccan silk lining . treve you want a dress bag , John ? merrick you do not think it 's too gaudy , do you ? hallway Mrs. mothershead find treves walk slowly down the hall , look at the ad . mothershead Mr. treves , some more book arrive for Mr. merrick . treve thank you , mothershead . have a porter put they in my office . mothershead yes sir . ( see the ad ) what 's that ? treve a dress bag . mothershead very smart indeed . treve yes . John want it . mothershead a dress bag ? treve you do not think it 's too gaudy , do you . mothershead well ... treve John think it 's very dash . something no gentleman should be without . I be inclined to agree . he walk off . mothershead a dress bag ? merrick room ( dusk ) merrick be still at he cathedral work away . suddenly , he look up at the window and the night porter be stand there smile wickedly , point a finger at he . merrick night ! fade to black : sitting room - treve ' home treves be stand by a table on which be two stack of book . treves select book from the stack and put they into a box . treves look troubled . he take one from the pile and examine it . it 's a copy of " frankenstein " . treve you stay with I . anne ( call from the next room ) dinner will be serve , shortly , dear . get no response , she enter . anne more romance for John ? treve ( far away ) hmmm ? anne ... freddie ! what 's the matter ? you have be like this all evening . treve oh ... I have just be think about something that man byte say . anne oh , freddie . what could that wretch vampire say to upset you ? treve that I be very little different from he . anne oh that 's absurd , Frederick . no , no Frederick , that 's all wrong ! John be happier and more fulfil now than he have ever be in he entire life . and , that be completely due to you . treve but why do I do it ? what be this all for ? so John merrick could live out he last day in peace and comfort ? or so I could become famous ? anne Frederick , just what be it that you be say ? treve ... be I a good man or be I a bad man ? anne oh Frederick . she hold he in she arm . anne you be a good man . a very good man . we see from treves ' eye that he be not reassure . basement - the london it be very dark . there be a dim red glow come from the hole in a furnace door . we hear a door open and footstep come downstairs . a man come into the basement carry something large and black . he approach the furnace and open the door . the man be treves . he be hold the stiff black surgeon 's coat of which he be once so proud . he look at it for a moment , and then stuff it into the furnace . Inside , the coat start to smoke heavily , then burst into flame . treves watch it burn , and then close the door . hallway - the london hospital we see carr gomm walk down the hall to he office . broadneck appear , go the other way . carr ahh ! broadneck ! you will no doubt be pleased to know that we have receive a smash response to my letter . it 's all very heartwarming , though several letter do mention how beastly it would be to part the poor fellow from Mr. treves and the staff , but since the committee insist ... broadneck ( scowling ) good day , carr gomm . broadneck walk on . carr gomm go into he office . carr office mothershead be stand by the desk look through a small stack of mail . mothershead be this all there be for John ? carr I be afraid so , Mrs. mothershead . perhaps tomorrow . CUT to : hallway we see in a pair of hand hold a buff color envelope emboss with the Royal seal . we follow the hand down the hall to a door where one of the hand knock next to the " f.c. carr gomm " sign , then enter the office . carr office carr gomm and mothershead look up to see a porter with the buff envelope enter . carr gomm take the letter and the porter exit . carr gomm open the letter and read , he expression change from concern to delight . mothershead what be it ? what be it ? carr gomm hand she the letter . never have touch Royal stationary before , mothershead handle it delicately . she begin to read . committee room - the london broadneck and the other committee member be seat at they table , anxious to get the meeting underway . they talk among themselves . the door open and carr gomm and treves enter . treves seem quite nervous , but carr gomm be relaxed and smile . treve do not you think this be a bit premature ? we do not have the back yet to ... carr steady on , treves . have a seat . treves sit and carr gomm take he place at the head of the table and rap he gavel . carr gentlemen , I know we begin every meeting by read the minute , but in the interest of speed I think we should conclude a matter discuss previously , to wit , that of Mr. John merrick , the elephant man ... broadneck explode to he foot . carr gomm smile at treves , who look quite grim . carr Mr. broadneck ? broadneck Mr. Chairman ! I be under the distinct impression that we have conclude discussion of this disagreeable matter . have we not ascertain that a elephant man be not acceptable as a patient ? have we not , very generously , allow the creature to use two of we room until such time as he could be properly dispose of ? have we not ... CUT to merrick room merrick be work on he cathedral , painting detail with a very fine brush . as he lift the brush from the paint jar , a drop fall on the table . merrick carefully lay down the brush and wipe up the spill paint with a cloth . merrick I must be more careful ! CUT to committee room broadneck which bring to mind my next point . the rule , gentleman , the rule . in a society such as ours , it be of paramount importance that we not stray from the establish order . have that order not already be fearfully strain by allow this ... this ... sideshow exhibit to take up residence , however temporary , in two very useful room , the purpose of which would be far better serve in accommodate treatable patient , patient to whom this hospital be originally dedicated ? I believe we have a duty ... carr gomm still smile . treves be about to spring to merrick 's defense , but carr gomm catch he eye and motion for he to remain silent . treves be perplex . carr gomm check he pocket watch . CUT to merrick room merrick as before , busily work away . we see a ladybug crawl slowly across the roof of the cathedral . merrick notice it and watch for a moment , then reach up and lay a finger alongside the bug . the bug crawl onto he finger and merrick hold it closer to he . merrick ... ladybug , ladybug , fly away home ... it 's cloudy out , I know , but remember ; behind the cloud there be always the sun . CUT to whitechapel road we see a Royal carriage glide to a stop in front of the hospital . a footman jump down and open the door . a very elegantly dress woman begin to emerge . CUT to committee room broadneck be still talk . broadneck ... in light of this fact , we course be clear . the question be not whether to accept this creature as a patient , the question be when will that room be vacate for use by better qualified , more deserve case ? I move that this elephant man be remove from the premise immediately . we have a sacred duty to cure the sick , not care for circus animal . that be my last word on the subject . Mr. Chairman , shall we vote ? broadneck turn to carr gomm . carr gomm check he watch and clear he throat . carr gomm I take it , Mr. broadneck , that you mind be fix on this matter ? broadneck bluster with rage . broadneck Mr. Chairman ! do not you have ear ? I be unalterably oppose to any ... carr gomm smile and again check he watch . treves be very nervous . CUT to hallway we see two nurse , they back to we , walk down the hall . they start to go in a doorway when they stop suddenly , very startle , and curtsey deeply . mothershead come into the hall , also curtsey madly . she be follow by the elegantly dress woman , who be follow in turn by two footmen . they walk regally down the hall . CUT to committee room broadneck ... no , my mind be make up on this , and I be resolve to stand firm . you shall not sway I . May we now vote , Mr. Chairman , at long last ? carr gomm check he watch . the door to the room begin to open . he smile . carr yes , I believe that time have come . the two footmen enter the room . 1st footman gentlemen , her Royal highness alexandra , princess of Wale . the elegantly dress woman enter . everyone rise . alix good morning , gentleman . I hope I be not interrupt ? carr indeed not , you highness . you presence be always greatly appreciate . we be just about to put the matter of Mr. merrick to a vote . ( he turn to the other committee member ) the princess be very interested in Mr. merrick 's fate . alix indeed I be sir , as be the Queen . I have a brief communication from she highness which she have request I read to you : to the govern Committee , London Hospital . I would very much like to commend you for the charitable face you have show Mr. John merrick , the elephant man . it be laudable that you have provide one of England 's most unfortunate son with a safe and tranquil harbour , a home . for this immeasurable kindness , as well as the many other act of mercy on behalf of the poor , of which Mr. carr gomm have keep I inform , I gratefully thank you . sign Victoria , Empress of India , Queen of the United Kingdom of great Britain and Ireland . ( look straight at broadneck ) I be sure you gentleman may be count on to do the Christian thing . alix seat herself . carr thank you very much , you highness , you may be sure we shall . broadneck seem very unnerve . carr well then , I move that Mr. John merrick be admit to the London Hospital on a permanent basis , on condition that the Hospital shall receive a yearly payment equal to the cost of occupy one bed , and that the fund for he care shall be clearly separate from hospital fund . all that in favor . carr gomm raise he hand . the other member , puzzle , look at broadneck . quite red in the face , broadneck look at carr gomm , then to treves , then to the princess . he seem to almost deflate , then slowly raise he hand . the other member , now thoroughly confuse , raise they hand as well . carr gomm bang he gavel , smile broadly . treves be almost beside himself with happiness , and the princess be obviously very pleased . carr the motion be carry . broadneck , humiliate , can not look at anyone . carr well , now we may go about we normal business . merrick room merrick be work on he cathedral . it be almost finish . he be detail the spire , carefully painting in the stonework . there be a knock at the door . merrick please , come in . treves enter carry a wrap parcel , follow by carr gomm , and mothershead . treve ( smile broadly ) good afternoon , John , Mr. carr gomm have something he would like to say to you . treves defer to carr gomm . carr Mr. merrick , it be my great pleasure to welcome you , officially to the London Hospital . the govern Committee this morning vote unanimously to provide you this room on a permanent basis . this be you home now . I be so very , very pleased for you . merrick be speechless . he just look from treves to carr gomm to mothershead . treve so you see , John , there 's no need for a lighthouse . all you friend be here . mothershead welcome home , John . merrick find it very difficult to speak . merrick ...my ... home ? treve yes , John . merrick you do this for I ? treve yes . merrick please ... please thank the govern committee for I . I will do my utmost to merit they kindness . merrick look about he at he room . it 's beginning to dawn on he that this be indeed he , that at last he have a real home , a place of he own . merrick ( try the word on for size ) my home . treve there be one more thing , John . here . treves hand merrick the package . merrick carefully pull off the wrapping paper . treves smile . it 's the dress bag . merrick be overjoy with the gift . he lovingly handle the article , take they in and out of they compartment open and close the bag . treve be it the one you want ? merrick oh , Mr. treves . Mr. treves . treve be you sure ? because I can take it back . merrick Mr. treves . thank you my ... friend . night time sky Cloud billow , move swiftly . merrick room merrick be alone , wear he cloak and stand by the table , cradling the dress bag . he take each article out of the bag and lay it carefully on the table , all in very neat order . he stare at the elegant object , then rearrange they . merrick pick up the toothbrush , examine it with a sort of reverence . he do the same with the ivory - handle razor and the comb . the peacock - whitechapel there 's a good crowd in tonight ; lot of drink and shouting and glass break . several of the neighborhood " work girl " be have a bit of a rest , look for a laugh . the night porter be round up customer , he pocket ringing with coin . people have they hand raise urging the night porter to take they along to see the elephant man . the night porter go to a table where a man sit with two of the girl . man here now , this lovely lady be not never see it ! night porter ( to man ) you be on mate . ( to all the other ) alright , alright , that 's enough for this performance . the other all moan they disappointment . night porter hang on , hang on , there 's always tomorrow night . not to worry . byte , sit at he usual place at the bar , see that tonight be he chance . the night porter round up he " customer " , all twelve of they . byte saunter over to the night porter . byte room for one more ? night porter at the right price ... byte drop several coin in the night porter 's hand . night porter there 's room . byte well , let 's be off then . the whole group happily leave the pub , several still hold they gin bottle . the lady be rather unsteady on they foot . as they all leave , the night porter say : night porter quietly now ! quietly ! we do not want to scare he . ( he laugh ) merrick room ( merrick as before ) he reach over to the picture of Mrs. kendal and pick it up . we see he face reflect in the glass . merrick set the picture down on the table . he take up one of the silver brushes and , use the picture as a mirror , neatly brushes he hair over he monstrous skull . he lay the brush down in its specific spot . merrick take he ring and put it on he leave hand . he open the cigarette case and stuff one into he right hand . he take up he walk stick , breathes deeply , then walk around the room in a slow circle . merrick be transform himself . merrick come back to the table and examine he reflection in the picture . with the ring , the stick , the cigarette and he neatly brush hair , merrick be the very image of a dash young man about town . he incline he head to the picture . merrick hello , my name be John merrick . I be very , very pleased to meet you ! at this moment the door burst open . the night porter stand grin . night porter curtain time !!! merrick be freeze , catch . see merrick in he outfit , the night porter 's jaw drop . they both stare at each other . the night porter begin to laugh hysterically . merrick frantically begin to put away he dress bag article . when merrick start take off he ring , the night porter come over to he and grab he by the cloak . night porter no , no ! you look lovely . do not change a thing , darling . you look like the bleedin' Prince of Wale . the night porter drag he by the neck to the window . he throw the window open out in the square be the wait audience . night porter my friend ... the elephant man ! he strip off merrick 's cloak . the audience gasp . a few people who have be before laugh and clap . man ( W / the whore ) ( laugh and clap ) horrible ... I tell you it be horrible ... just horrible . he start kissing each whore . the crowd be mesmerize . byte move in behind the man with the whore . byte ( to man ) perhaps the lady would like a closer look ? the man begin to laugh . the whore laugh drunkenly and halfheartedly resist be take in to see the elephant man . as they be push through the door , whore come on Jack ... no ... no , do not. ( laughter ) etc. the whore reluctantly enter the room . the night porter laugh at they discomfort . the man notice all of merrick 's picture of woman . man ' cor , he 's a real lady ' man , come on ... give the lady ' man a kiss . he let one of the whore go and grab the other one from behind at the wrist . man come on , you will give he a kiss . whore ( still laugh but a trifle scared ) come on , Jack . the night porter have turn merrick and be hold he for the approach kiss . the crowd be egging they on . the man force the woman closer and closer and raise she arm to force she into a embrace . as merrick and the woman touch , be press together , the woman begin to scream . the night porter , the man and the crowd all laugh with glee . merrick and the whore now have they face press together . the Whore be scream and merrick be cry out and scream too . man here that 's enough romance . now into bed . merrick and the Whore be push onto merrick 's bed . the night porter grab the other Whore now . she begin scream wildly . night porter a prince need a harem ! he push the scream Whore down onto merrick . her scream face go right into he . merrick try to move away and as he do he head go too far back and he cry turn to horrible wheeze . night porter mind he head ... you will kill he . the crowd outside be try to see in the window . five or six more have go into merrick 's room to see . all be laugh and scream and try to get a close look at the elephant man . night porter ( yell ) quiet down . quiet down . you will have the whole place down on we . byte ( outside , yell loudly ) bring he out then , so 's we all can see he . merrick recognize he voice and look frantically around for he former owner . the night porter pull merrick up by the window again . he then begin push the crowd out the door . night porter everyone outside !!! suddenly one of the crowd outside reach up and grab merrick 's good hand and pull he half out the window . other follow suit and haul he all the way through . the cathedral fall to the floor , break into several piece . because of the horror of touch he , the crowd outside let merrick fall to the ground . the night porter whirl around and see that merrick be go . he push the rest of the people outside and quickly go to merrick , lift he to he foot . unseen by anyone , byte slip into merrick 's room . merrick be now stand . the crowd move in . the night porter be enjoy the festivity , but look around nervously for trouble . one man give ' im a drink . the man grab merrick and pour some gin into he mouth , then push he away . he 's catch by another man , feed liquor and push away . he 's push now from person to person faster and faster . finally merrick fall to the ground , dizzy and a bottle of gin on merrick 's head . he cough and moan through the wheeze . the crowd be now strangely silent circle the elephant man like a pack of dog close in on a terrify rabbit . suddenly merrick start to wail . the crowd join in and they hoist he above they head , scream with laughter , around and around , join he all the while . now we see a window reflect the scene of terror . a curtain be pull aside and we see through the reflection the face of the Young porter , watch everything . night porter ( v.o. the reflection ) here now ... here now ... he 's have enough ... show 's over ! merrick be lower down into the crowd . it part and the night porter emerge walk merrick toward we to he room . night porter ( to the crowd behind he ) meet you at the peacock . one of the crowd bring you friend . night porter ( laugh drunkenly ) he 's have ' be fill for one night . the crowd move through the iron gate of bedstead Square . in the background we see byte ' boy sit on top of a wagon . the night porter take merrick into he room and put he on the bed . he drunkenly stumble about try to out the room in order . he place the smashed hulk of the cathedral back up on its table , inadvertently leave the spire and a few column on the floor . he pick the cloak up and replace it on the peg . night porter ( to merrick ) I do real well tonight . he take a purse full of coin out of he pocket . he remove one small coin and flip it on the floor in front of merrick . night porter here ... buy yourself a sweet . the night porter turn and leave . merrick , alone now , hear the night porter 's echoing footstep and the distant sound of the gate be close . there be a long silence as merrick collect himself . he then lean back into he pillow with a deep sigh . his eye close . byte ( v.o. ) my treasure ... merrick 's eye flash open . we see byte come toward he . byte be not you glad to see I ? merrick byte ! byte lift merrick up off the bed . he reach out for merrick 's cloak . we slowly pan over all the smile woman 's face as we hear the follow : byte ( v.o. ) get into you cloak ... ( rustling sound ) ...now , you hood ... do it ! merrick ( v.o. ) ... alright . rustling sound . we now glide slowly on to merrick 's mother 's picture . byte ( v.o. ) let 's go . merrick 's good hand come into the frame try to reach he mother 's picture . he grab at the table cloth and pull . now we see byte grip merrick 's arm and pull . we see the picture fall to the ground with a thud . CUT to : in the sky the heavy cloud be move . CUT : merrick room ( morning ) Morning sunlight on the floor of merrick 's room . we move slowly around , discover the church spire , the column , the penny and merrick 's mother 's picture . over this , the sound of knock on the door . through the door , we hear treves call , " John ?... John ? " more knock . the door open . treve John ? treves survey the empty room . quickly he go into the side bathroom . he come out with a very worried face . he go to the cathedral model and be horrify by its condition . he find the spire and then merrick 's mother 's picture . he quickly leave the room and walk down the hall . the Young porter , wait in the hall , approach treves and stop he . young porter Mr. treves ? now we see Mrs. mothershead enter merrick 's room surveying the same scene . her face harden as she see the picture of merrick 's mother . mothershead good God ... John ? now we see treves fill with anger . he 's get the information from the Young porter and bolt down the hall at full speed . mothershead , still in merrick 's room , now become activate with determination to get to the bottom of all this herself . she leave the room . in the distance be treves march off . closer to she be the Young porter , look worried . she call he to she . close - up of treves angrily walk . CUT to : mothershead leave the Young porter , furiously march off in the same direction as treves . operating theatre the night porter be add fresh coal to the operate room stove . the old coal be still quite hot and now smoke begin to rise . the night porter take up the bellow and begin to pump the coal into a blaze . the door bang open and treves be there , stand stock still , in a cold murderous rage . treve where be he ? the night porter , frighten by treves ' intensity , begin to sputter . treve where be mr. merrick ? night porter I ... I do not know what you mean , Sir . treves stalk over to he . treve do not lie to I . I know all about it . you be see . where do you take he ? night porter take he ? now wait ... I do not take he anywhere . we be just have some fun . we do not hurt he ... just have a laugh , that 's all . treve he's gone ! night porter when I leave he , he be in he bed , safe and sound . treve you bastard ! you torture he . you torture he , you bastard . where be he ? night porter ( enraged ) you 're not listening to I ! I be not do nothing wrong . people pay to see you monster , Mr. treves . I just take the money . treve you 're the monster ! you 're the freak ! get out ! you're finished ! treves take the night porter by the arm and begin to drag he out . the night porter throw he hand off violently , whirl around , he back to the door , and seize the poker from the stove . night porter have a care , Mr. treves . I be not afraid of you ! you and you bleedin' elephant man ! I be glad what I do ! and you can not do nothing ! only mothershead can sack I . treves , blind with fury , tear the poker from the night porter 's hand , and be on the verge of use it . unbeknownst to they , mothershead have storm into the room , just in time to hear the last of the night porter 's speech . without a break , she stride over to he and with a lightning movement , box he soundly on the ear . the blow be staggering and make quite a formidable sound . the night porter fall to the floor , barely conscious . mothershead done . outside the shop ( day ) treves be stand in the street look at the now bare shop front . he walk to the window and try to clean a small circle in the glass . he peer in . from inside , through the smear dirty window , we see treves ' distort face . carr ( v.o. throughout ) I would like to think I feel no less for John than you , treves , but face the fact , the man have disappear , very likely to the continent . there 's no question of you go after he , you be desperately need here by you patient . remember treves , you do everything in you power ... everything in you power . fade to black : inside a wagon a move circle of light in blackness . as we move closer to the light , it become distinguishable as a peephole in the side of a wagon . through the peephole we see a dark overcast sky . it be dusk . we move even closer to the hole . just beside it we see the head of a horse with blinder on move alongside . we move closer still to see its rider , a policeman . he notice the peephole and lean forward in the saddle , look in . from outside , we see the peephole and a eye gaze out . the eye be replace by a plug . the policeman start back and pull up on the rein . as he fall behind we see the portrait of the e.m. , from the front of the shop in London , on the back of the wagon . the policeman look at the poster . the wagon move on out of frame and the policeman slow he horse to a stop . the wagon be be drive by byte . the boy sit beside he . another policeman ride abreast of he . they ride a few yard more and then the policeman stop by a sign at the fork of the road , read " aalst 30 km " . " brussell 80 km . " the policeman gesture for byte to move on . the wagon continue down the road . CUT to : byte and the boy be riding along the road . byte turn in he seat and open a hatch in the roof . he look down in . Inside the wagon , light by the last dregs of the sunset , be merrick , huddle in he sleep posture . he feel the light and look up weakly , wheeze , obviously very sick . a small bowl of potato set untouched beside he . byte still have not eat , eh ? merrick byte ... please ! byte eat , my treasure , I want you healthy . he snap the hatch shut and turn forward mutter to himself . byte I be beginning to feel you weight . field &amp ; road ( morning ) we see a field with a road in the distance , lead to it . it be misty , the sun barely peek through the roll cloud above . on the road , the wagon be plodd toward we . at the bottom of the frame a female pinhead in a dress come into view . she be watch the wagon . a dwarf come into view beside she . she point to the wagon and she and the dwarf excitedly confer . they turn back to watch its progress and the dwarf reach up and take the pinhead 's hand . we move back slowly to reveal a ring of circus wagon in the field . another dwarf come up to the two other freak and watch the wagon . we pull back further to see a small circus . there be little stall , and cage contain two mangey lion , some screeching spider monkey and some squawk parrot . the circus be abustle in the drab grey field . close - up of the pinhead jump up and down in she excitement . there be a clap of thunder . dissolve to : a rainstorm over the freak show . we pass along the row of freak wagon . this freak truly deserve the name . they be quite different from the rather domestic one we see in the circus in England . this be not fake . a rope cordon we off from they . the audience , which we see all around we , be enjoy the freak , but there be a sense of vulgarity in they gaiety . they seem hard , and cold and jade . we move by pinhead , a hermaphrodite and a legless wonder . some siamese twin be play cat 's cradle . past they run a dwarf with a plume hat play a small flute . trail behind he on a string be a small wooden ark on wheel . a lionface man be comb the hair that cover he face . a rubber man pull the skin of he neck up over he face . there be a fairly big crowd stand around a tall man , affectionately rub the small parasitic twin , grow out of he chest . the barker - owner compete with each other and the occasional thunder . finally we hear the patter of byte , tell of the horrible fate of John merrick 's mother on that African Isle so many year ago . a very big crowd be listen to he . they be look at the poster at the back of the wagon , wait impatiently to see the elephant man . byte ... the result be plain to see . lady and gentlemen ... the terrible elephant man ! he rap twice with merrick 's silver - tip walk stick and pull the poster up . merrick be stand unsteadily in the wagon . he be quite sick . the audience gasp and shudder . a few shriek be hear . the elephant man be always the elephant man . byte turn around ! merrick slowly turn around , the audience gasp at the sight of the horrible tumor . byte rap the walk stick twice . byte dance ! merrick begin a series of awkward movement , he pain version of a dance . without he walk stick it be very difficult for he , but he strive to do it . some of the crowd laugh at this , other shudder at the strange sight . suddenly merrick falter and come to a stop , breathe irregularly . see this , byte go to he and bring the stick behind merrick , out of view of the audience , jab he savagely in the back . byte dance ! merrick groan with pain and some of the people in the first row flinch back . merrick begin to dance again as people throw coin onto the stage , which the boy gather and put into a cap . fade out : CUT to : the back of the wagon - day the poster be roll up , merrick on the floor of the wagon wheeze horribly . beside he on the floor be a bowl of what look to be slop and potato . byte be stand at the back of the wagon look down at merrick . he pick up the bowl and jab it at merrick . byte eat , my treasure . merrick look wearily at the bowl but make no move to accept it . byte ( angry ) eat . I say eat ! merrick close he eye . this really enrage byte . byte eat , damn you . eat ! eat ! he jab the bowl at merrick , almost as if he would shove it down he throat . byte I say eat !! at this last word he throw the content of the bowl splattering in merrick 's face . he stand for a moment look down at merrick who have lapse into a cough fit . fade out : CUT to : side of the wagon - day there be a small crowd gather in a circle on the grass . merrick stand amidst they on a small wooden stool , byte jabbing he from behind again . merrick be make a strange moan cry , slightly reminiscent of the trumpet of a elephant . the boy be pass amongst the people with a cap , collect coin . merrick lift he face to the sky , the sound of he own misery mingling with he elephant call . fade out : CUT to : SMALL circus - night we see the poster of the elephant man . byte stand before it say the last of the patter . byte the result be plain to see . lady and gentleman ... the terrible elephant man . he rap twice with the walk stick and pull the poster up . merrick be now extremely sick . he almost look as if he be unable to stand . the audience , as always , be quite alarmed . byte smile and come forward . byte turn around ! merrick look incapable of even this simple movement , but he slowly manage to turn . the crowd react to the horrible condition of merrick 's back and head . byte satisfied that the elephant man be have the proper effect , rap the walk stick again . byte dance ! merrick 's eye look painfully up to the heaven and he begin to shuffle clumsily about the platform . without he stick this be very difficult for he , cause he great pain . it be a humiliate spectacle and the crowd unimpress by the halting movement of the monster begin to heckle he . byte see that the dance be not be receive well move to place a stool next to merrick . byte ( rapping ) up! up! merrick , already exhaust by he little dance , wheeze and cough , attempt to ascend the stool . it be useless , he be just too tired . again the audience shout its disapproval , boo and hiss the elephant man . byte curse and rap again , demand obedience from merrick who again bravely try to mount the stool . he can not do it ! byte , strive to save the moment and please the angry crowd , go to merrick and roughly help he up . merrick teeter precariously on the stool . byte rap the stick . byte give the call of the elephant ! merrick hesitates and byte bang the stick on the wagon . the audience quiet down to hear the elephant call . merrick sense this lull , but he be very frighten and sick . he lift he head wearily and make a few waver cry that sound very little like a elephant . byte louder ! merrick try again but there be no improvement . the crowd begin to jeer at merrick , exhort he to make the call of the elephant . merrick be now almost sway on the stool . he attempt to step down , but as he do it finally become too much for he and he collapse into a heap on the wagon floor . the crowd be no longer in the least bit challenge by this piteous mess and they break out into a vocal fury , throw object at the wagon . byte be humiliate at first , and then be quickly angry . he turn to merrick . byte get up you miserable bastard ! but merrick just lay there moan and wheeze irregularly . byte I say , get up ! he jab merrick a few time with the silver - tip walk - stick . the crowd jeer even louder still . there be a clap of thunder . byte ( realize it 's no use ) I be beatin ' a dead horse . fade out : CUT to : SMALL circle of wagon ( night ) byte be seat by a campfire drink from a bottle of wine . he be very drunk . from the wagon behind he we can hear merrick cough and wheeze . we also hear the boy , almost plead with merrick to stop cough and to try to eat . as byte listen he get angrier and angrier . finally he rise clumsily to he foot and stumble over to the back of the wagon . byte another bleedin ' heart ! the boy be crouch over merrick , who look little better than a corpse . byte point a menace finger at merrick . byte you sly bastard . you be do this to spite I , be not you ! boy aw , byte , he 's sick . byte he 's do it to spite I , I tell you , and it 's get to stop ! boy he 's sick , byte . he 's go to die . byte ( enraged ) if he do it 's he own fault ! but I be not bury that swollen bag of flesh . he reach in and grab merrick roughly by he arm , drag he out of the wagon . boy what be you go to do ? byte I will show you ! I will show you ! he drag merrick across the way to a small monkey wagon . the boy follow , he face fill with sympathy for merrick . byte open the cage door and stuff merrick in as the monkey scream . boy do not ! byte shut up ! he slam the door and latch it . then he quickly turn , still in he rage , and start for the wagon . as he pass the boy , the boy try to stop he . boy byte , please ... byte knock the boy down with the back of he hand . he stalk to he wagon and climb inside . after some muffle sound , merrick 's food bowl come fly out . there be more muffle sound as merrick 's stick , cloak and hood be also throw out one by one . byte out ! the boy look to merrick who be in a panic try to keep himself away from the monkey who scream loudly in all the excitement . we hear byte , cursing to himself , in the wagon . the boy , frighten , go to the fire and pull a blanket around he . merrick crawl to one corner of the cage away from the scream monkey . suddenly one of the brave one leap at merrick with a scream , bite he on the arm , and move quickly away . merrick yelp with pain and struggle to move away . the other monkey have get the idea now and they begin to move warily toward merrick , screeching threateningly . another leap out and cling to merrick 's shoulder , bite and scratch furiously then he too jump away . merrick cry out . now the monkey be get brave and more and more of they lash out at merrick with they paw . they jump onto he with savage scream , bite he on the head and neck and shoulder . merrick 's eye search for escape . the monkey come on and on without a break , scream madly all the while . with he good hand merrick begin to pull himself up with the aid of a bar . the monkey strive to pull he down . merrick look through the bar at the wagon and scream frantically . merrick byte ! byte , please !! but byte will not come . something be happen inside merrick . a wave of feel be grow , come from a place in he very deep down and far away . this feel seem to give he strength and he be able to pull himself all the way up in spite of the hairy move mass that now seem to cling to every part of he body . the feel be surging up inside merrick make he body shake uncontrollably as if he be a volcano about to erupt . the monkey keep on bite and screeching , pull at he . suddenly a formidable cry ring out of merrick 's mouth , with a power and assurance we have never hear from he before . he whirl about and cry out again a shatter " no " , the force of which scatter most of the monkey away from he onto the cage floor , dumbfounded . merrick grab a monkey who have manage to hang and throw it into the group of monkey on the floor . merrick no ! I am not a elephant ! I am not a animal !! I am a human be ! I ... am ... a man ! I am a man !! the monkey have be shocked into silence , push into the other end of the cage . merrick , perhaps as surprised as the monkey , rest against the bar of the cage . the monkey make no move toward he . they sit across the cage from merrick silently watch he with fear . fade out : CUT to : the silent face of the monkey we now see merrick crouch in a corner of the cage in he sleep position . we see the monkey again , and hear whisper in the still night . cu of merrick 's head rest on he knee . the whisper continue and a shadow fall across merrick . merrick begin to stir , he head come up , and he look around . the whisper stop . we pull back to see some of the freak from the circus gather around the monkey cage in a small group . they be : 2 pinhead ( male and female ) , the dwarf we see earlier with the plume hat and the ark on a string , another male dwarf , a female midget , a lion - face man , and a armless wonder . the female pinhead reach into the cage and pat merrick 's head . plume dwarf you alright ? merrick y-y- yes -- plume dwarf want to come out ? merrick you be English . plume dwarf of course ! you want out ? merrick yes . plume dwarf wo not be a moment . he look to the lion - face man and speak to he in a foreign tongue . the lion - face man unlatch the cage door . then , after further instruction , from the plume dwarf , the freak gently help merrick out of the cage , close the door behind he . the dwarf speak to the other again and the lion - face man and the armless wonder move to each side of merrick . the lion - face man pull merrick 's right arm over he shoulder . merrick put he leave arm around the armless wonder . plume dwarf we have decide ... you have get to get away from here ... he and the other dwarf light two lantern and they begin to move off . the boy by the wagon have awaken . he see the small caravan of freak move in the darkness , the light from the lantern bob over the grass . his first instinct be to call for byte , which he almost do , but then he think better of it . he rise and go to where byte throw merrick 's stick and disguise . he nick they up and go to the small band of strangely shape being . they stop and watch he warily . boy ( hand over the thing ) here ... you will need this . merrick look the boy in the eye , and the boy hold he gaze . plume dwarf good of you , mate . boy ( to merrick ) good luck . merrick but ... but ... boy I will be alright . the small band move away through the wagon . the boy watch the lantern light recede in the darkness . he turn and look to the wagon , the poster of the elephant man , and the die fire . he move to the fire quickly collect a few blanket and belonging . then take one last look at the garish poster just visible in the night , he run off into the darkness . CUT to : wood - night we see the beam of the lantern move through the tree like will - o- the-wisps . they help merrick along , the plume dwarf direct they from time to time . as they move along we see they pass a small still pond . CUT to : dirt road - night the intrepid freak approach a bend in the road . they go around the corner and before they stand a small train station , a train sit amongst the steam by a platform . the freak stop just outside the light of the station and the plume dwarf 's instruction get merrick into he disguise . the female pinhead , who have carry he stick , hand it to merrick , squeezing he hand . merrick thank you , my friend . the plume dwarf relay the message and the freak respond to merrick in they language . plume dwarf I will go in with you , you will need a ticket . he turn and confer with the freak who all rifle through they pocket and produce some coin . then he and merrick walk into the station , the freak watch and wave . on the platform the train be about to leave . at a barrier two ticket collector be take ticket of a few last - minute passenger , who hurry off . the plume dwarf and merrick appear and walk to the barrier . the plume dwarf hand over the ticket . plume dwarf I be just go to help my friend on board . they walk off down the platform . the collector stare after they . the plume dwarf , he arm around merrick , be help he down the platform , as fast as possible , he ark trail behind he . as they pass the window of the first - class carriage , we see the ornate interior and the happy , handsome people on they plush seat . the plume dwarf find a empty compartment and open the door . plume dwarf this will do . he look down the platform . the ticket collector be watch they with great interest . merrick climb laboriously aboard . the other people on board see merrick , react , and move away from he as far as they can in the cramped , 3rd class carriage . the plume dwarf notice this and sniff at the people with contempt . plume dwarf I be sorry I could only get you a third class ticket , but it 's all we have . merrick oh no , my friend ... plume dwarf say hello to London for I . I miss she . merrick oh , yes . plume dwarf you know , I see you once there , in London . you be a great attraction . he grin . the whistle blow and the train slowly begin to move off . the plume dwarf still hold the door open , walk along with it . plume dwarf luck , my friend , luck . who need it more than we ? merrick nod " yes " , and hold out he hand . the train be move a little faster . the plume dwarf grab he hand and they shake . he shut the door . as the carriage pass , merrick 's mask be press up against the window . the plume dwarf wave to he as the train move away . he look at the train for a moment , then walk back down the platform . third CLASS carriage - interior merrick be in the corner , face into the carriage . he look slowly around . the other passenger have move away , form almost a moat of space around he . we see the whole carriage now ; the cower people and merrick at the far end . see they silent , horrify stare , he move to the opposite seat , face the back wall . merrick look around for a moment , then see he reflection in the window . he stare at himself . third CLASS carriage the carriage be dark now , and empty except for merrick . he look out the window at a sign above a station platform that say " oostende " , and at the few people still walk about . oostende station platform ( night ) we see the side of the carriage . merrick , inside the darken car , be not visible . a conductor walk to the end of the carriage and turn a valve . he open the door to merrick 's compartment . conductor I be sorry , you will have to leave now . merrick be motionless , reluctant to leave the security of the darkness . conductor this be the end of the line , you will have to leave now . merrick pull he walk stick from the darkness and plant it firmly on the floor with a loud thud . the conductor , expect violence , draw back . a few people on the platform , who have stop to watch this exchange , gasp . merrick rise with the help of he stick , and slowly descend from the carriage watch very carefully by the other . he look around for a moment , then walk off down the platform . two young tough follow a little distance behind he , laugh and mimick he uneven gait . oostende quay ( night ) we see a short line of people wait to board a cross -channel steamer . the first - mate be stand by the gangplank , smile at the woman passenger and make the most of he handsome face and crisp white uniform . he survey the line , stop and smile even more broadly . a very pretty Young woman at the end of the line be smile back . we see the end of the quay disappear into darkness towards the station . the rhythmic sound of merrick 's stick be hear as he slowly move into the light . the woman , still smile at the first - mate , demurely lower she eye . merrick appear behind she , breathe heavily from the long walk . the woman 's face freeze . she turn she head , ever so slightly , and see merrick . her face drop . the first - mate see the woman change , then see merrick . he walk out of frame . merrick be still try to catch he breath as the first - mate walk up . the woman look up at the first - mate imploringly . first-mate May I see you ticket ? merrick , confuse at first , produce he ticket from he cloak . the first - mate examine it and hand it back . first -mate I be sorry , there 's no room for you on this ship , you will have to wait for the next one , in the morning . merrick remain motionless . first-mate you hear I . there 's no room . now be off with you . he point down the quay . merrick turn and walk away . the woman smile gratefully at the fist - mate , who tip he hat . a warehouse pier two drunk be sit against the wall , drink and sing . one of they get up and walk out of frame . merrick peek around a corner at the drunk . they stare at each other for a long moment . merrick disappear . the other drunk come back , sit down , and they both start sing again . merrick be in darkness , seat around the corner , tapping he leave hand against he leg , keep in time with the drunken music . oostende quay ( morning ) we see merrick behind some crate , watch the ship . on the wharf a different first - mate wait until the last of the morning passenger board the ship . he then nod to the ticket taker and ascend the gangplank , nodd to a crew man . on board , everyone prepare to get underway . merrick pitch forward from behind the crate , half run , half stumbling toward the ticket taker . the ticket taker , about to board the ship , drop the ticket on the ground and stoops to pick they up . as he collect the scattered ticket a hand come into frame hold a ticket out to he . he reach for it , and call over he shoulder to the crewman at the plank . ticket taker wait ! one more ! he turn back and finally take a look at the late arrival . ticket taker you will have to hurr ... his mouth drop . merrick hurry past he . the crewman now also see the passenger as he begin he clumsy ascent of the gangplank . the shrill ship 's whistle blow . on board merrick be crouch in a dark corner underneath a stairway , he head rest on the point of both knee , he arm clasped around they . he be asleep . a few drop of rain fall and hit he cap , then a few more and finally it begin to rain . he wake up and look around . he hear a voice . young woman ( v.o. ) look ! it 's dover ! through the stair we see a young couple in the rain at the railing , arm in arm . the Young woman point . the Young man turn to she and smile . young man finally ! dover ! they laugh and hug each other and run inside out of the rain . merrick 's hand come into the shot , grasp a stair and pull himself up slowly . he round the stair and walk onto the deck look after the young couple . merrick walk to the railing and lean over it , oblivious of the rain . we see the cliff of dover . dockside - dover the ship 's gangplank lead down to a sea of umbrella . passenger one by one come down the plank and be swallow by the crowd . on the dock amidst the umbrella , we see merrick . he look around , then move off into the crowd . the crowd move past a sign say , " to the train " . london train - interior through a rain -streak window we see roll green countryside . we pull back to see a elderly man in a heavy black overcoat with a wide - brimm rain hat eat a apple . beside he he wife knit . a few other people similarly clothed be sleep . we pan across they to see merrick at the back of the car watch the elderly man eat . london train - exterior the last car speed down the track and disappear . liverpool STREET station grey light filter through the window in the high canopy ceiling over the train in the station . the platform below fill with people as train arrive and depart . we now see the station with its newsttand , sweetstall , shoeshiner , and passenger move to and for , carry luggage and look for they train . a young boy be seat on a pile of baggage look very adult and bored . his mother stand beside he , though we see only a portion of she billowy skirt . we hear she voice in rapid conversation with another woman . the Young Boy scan the crowd look for excitement . he see something . the elderly man we see on the train and he wife be move past the barrier . the Young Boy slowly pull a peashooter from a pocket , put a pea in he mouth , and raise the pipe to he lip . his mother 's hand shoot out and grab it . mother' voice Little beast ! I think mummy tell you not to bring that horrid thing . can not you behave ? she continue she conversation . the Boy look sour . merrick be move past the barrier . he stop to look around and plan he next move . the Boy see he . he tug on he mother 's skirt . boy mummy ! mummy ! look at that man ! his head , it 's huge ! mummy , why be he head so big ? mummy ? mummy ? mother do be quiet Little Jim . can not you see mummy be speak ? merrick still look around , suddenly turn in Little Jim 's direction . he see the Boy tug at he mother 's skirt and point at he . he turn and walk in the opposite direction along a wall stack with trunk and luggage , try as best as he can to blend in . Little Jim get up and move after he . merrick continue along the wall . a few people give he a second look , but pass on . Little Jim come up alongside he . little jim hey mister , why be you head so big ? merrick turn and look at Little Jim . he look quickly around . we see , across the station , a open archway lead out into a street . merrick move away from Little Jim out of frame . Little Jim watch he go . little jim mister ! two other boy join Little Jim . the three of they watch the escape merrick , then move off after he . merrick be frantically try to make it to the archway . the three boy appear behind he and call out . boy mister ! mister ! little jim why do not you answer I ? one of the boy reach down and snatch the hem of merrick 's cloak . he lift it , try to catch a glimpse of the mysterious stranger . merrick pull away and try to go faster . relishing the hunt , the boy follow he , taunting he all the way . as they approach the arch , Little Jim , determine now , step in front of he cut he off . merrick come to a abrupt standstill , shrink from the boy . Little Jim reach up to the hood and grasp it firmly . little jim now I will see you ... he lift the hood and then stagger back onto the floor in a spasm of fear . he let out a shrill scream . merrick turn wildly away , look for another escape . Little Jim 's mother , hearing she son 's cry , look up immediately . she see merrick and the howling boy in the middle of the station . mother my son ! my son ! help ! merrick , hearing this , look in she direction and whirl away . he stumble toward another archway exit . people , hearing the noise , watch he go . he knock down a little girl in he flight and she , too , start scream . through the archway come a bobby . Jim 's mother , now with she son , call to he . mother stop that man ! stop that man ! merrick stop at the sight of the bobby . the bobby at the arch , now aware of the commotion , see merrick and walk quickly towards he . merrick change course , but , a group of man , alert by Jim 's mother 's scream , move forward together , cut he off . they yell at he angrily . one of they dart toward he and grab a hold of merrick 's hood . merrick turn frantically away and as he do , the hood be pull off he . the crowd shout at he as he go , follow he in wary pursuit . he move back past the child and Jim 's mother . they all scream and shield themselves from he approach . another group of people move toward he block all escape . behind he , he see a door to a urinal . he move through it follow by the crowd . we hear fearsome echoe inside . Inside the urinal , the crowd press merrick toward a wall . they have become angry now . they shout and there be fear in they voice . they hem merrick in . he look around hope for a open . there be none . he give a strangle cry and collapse as the bobby push he way through the crowd . merrick put he good hand over he good ear try to block out the scream of the crowd . merrick ( quietly to himself ) I be not a animal ... I be not ... I be not ... I be a man . examining room - london hospital a small room off the receiving room . in the center of the room be a low sofa cover with deeply stain , shiny black leather . on it lie a man , groan softly . treves be help a dresser bandage the man' leg . Mrs. mothershead appear at the doorway . mothershead there 's a policeman to see you , Sir . the bobby from the Liverpool Street Station enter . bobby be you Frederick treves , sir ? treve yes ... the card change hand . the urinal treves enter and push through the crowd . he see merrick in a heap on the floor . the sergeant get up to meet he in the middle of the room , but treves keep walk toward merrick . sergeant you know this man , sir ? treve yes , he 's ... my friend . treves go to merrick who , just come to , reach out to he with he good hand . treves pull he up , he eye brim with tear . merrick , too , be weep . treves embrace he . merrick Mr. treves ! treves . treve John .... how can you ever forgive I ? hallway treves , carr gomm and Mrs. kendal be walk down a hallway engage in conversation . kendal it 's all arrange . I will send over some evening gowns for the sister that you select to accompany Mr. merrick . you will be use the Royal entrance and princess alexandra herself will be there to welcome he to she private box . treve I be very grateful to you , Mrs. kendal . this be just the thing to help he forget he ordeal . John will be very excited . kendal well it be a miracle he ever get back . and , I be sure , Mr. treves , under you expert care , he will have many happy year ahead . treve I fear not , Mrs. kendal . even in the short time he be go the size of he head have increase rapidly ... as be he pain . kendal how awful for John . treve and yet , not once have any of we hear he complain . kendal be he ... die then ? treve yes . there be nothing more frustrating , nothing that make a physician feel more useless , than stand by watch he patient deteriorate . and when that patient be a friend , no ... no , there 's absolutely nothing I can do . kendal well , it 's all quite ... I have never hear ... it 's quite ... treve ( understandingly ) yes . merrick room - morning merrick stand before the row of smile lady on he wall . he survey they lovingly for a long moment . he be hold in he hand a bundle of evening clothes , the handsome black bow tie lie on the new silk shirt . merrick you woman be such strange and wonderful creature ... alas , it seem to be my fate to fall in love with each and everyone of you . I especially wish you could all be with I tonight ... I be finally go to the theatre . he stand for a moment , reluctant to leave they company . he go to he bed place the clothes upon it , and then to the cathedral . he compare it with St. Phillips outside . he pick up the main spire and gaze at it , but he mind be somewhere else . merrick ... the theatre ... CUT to : theatre royal - drury lane we see the whole theatre . it be very ornate . the orchestra be tuning up and the house be fill with elegant , well dress , handsome people all happily chat and call to one another . we see young man and woman flirt boldly and generally enjoy each other 's company . in the Royal box mothershead and nora in evening gowns sit up front relishing the spectacle . in the back of the box John sit between treves and the princess . he be dress in he evening clothes , he cloak tie over he shoulder like a cape , but he do not wear he hood . the princess be explain to merrick the working of a pair of opera glass . he take they and delightedly spy about the theatre . John be breathless as the house light dim and the curtain rise . enter chorus . chorus o for a muse of fire , that would ascend the brightest heaven of invention , a kingdom for a stage , prince to act and monarch to behold the swell scene ! then should the warlike Harry , like himself , assume the port of Mars ; and at he heel , leash would in like hound , should famine , sword and fire crouch for employment . but pardon , gentle all , the flat unraise spirit that have dar would on this unworthy scaffold to bring forth so great a object : can this cockpit hold the vasty field of rance ? or may we cram within this wooden o the very casque that do affright the air at agincourt ? o , pardon ! since a crooked figure may attest in little place a million ; and let we , cipher to this great account , on you imaginary force work . fade out : CUT to : treves smile at John . he exchange know smile with the princess . John watch with the unconstrain delight of a child ; but he rapture be even more intense and solemn . his attitude be one of wonder and awe , and he often lean forward , panting in he excitement . to John the character be not actor in make - up and costume , but real people . CUT to : Mrs. kendal and a actor dress as royalty do the last scene of Henry the fifth . K. hen Fair katharine , and most fair , will you vouchsafe to teach a soldier term such as will enter at a lady 's ear and plead he love - suit to she gentle heart ? kath you majesty shall mock at I ; I can not speak you England . K. hen o fair katharine , if you will love I soundly with you french heart , I will be glad to hear you confess it brokenly with you English tongue . do you like I , kate ? kath pardonnez-moi , I can not tell vat be " like I " . K. hen a angel be like you , kate , and you be like a angel . kath o bon dieu ! les langue des homme sont pleine de trampery . K. hen what say you , fair one ? that the tongue of man be full of deceit ? kath oui , that de tongue of de man be be full of deceit . K. hen I know no way to mince it in love , but directly to say " I love you " . what ! a speaker be but a prater ; a rhyme be but a ballad . a good leg will fall ; a straight back will stoop ; a black beard will turn white ; a curl would pate will grow bald ; a fair face will wither ; a full eye will wax hollow ; but a good heart , kate , be the sun and the moon , or rather the sun and not the moon ; for it shine bright and never change , but keep he course truly . during the above , merrick mouth the king line . fade out : CUT to : the Royal box , the princess and the two friend enjoy the show . CUT to : the stage the chorus step out to give the epilogue . chorus thus far , with rough and allunable pen , we bend author hath pursue the story , in little room confine mighty man , mangling by start the full course of they glory . small time , but in that small most greatly liv would this star of England : fortune make he sword ; by which the world 's best garden he achiev would . during the above , the camera move in on John . amidst great applause the curtain ring down . through the curtain come Mrs. kendal to renew applause . she motion the audience to quiet down . mrs . kendal thank you for you warm greeting . lady and gentleman , tonight 's performance be very special to I , because it be very special to someone else , a man who know the theatre and love the theatre , and yet tonight be the first time he 's ever actually be here . I would like to dedicate ... the whole company wish to dedicate , from they heart , tonight 's performance to Mr. John merrick , my dear friend . she gesture toward the Royal box . there be modest applause as the audience rise and turn toward it . merrick can not be see in the shadow , and the crowd crane they neck try to get a glimpse of he . we hear whisper of " oh look ! it 's the elephant man ! the elephant man ! ' run through the audience . treves turn to John . treve stand up , John . let they see you . merrick oh no , I could not . treve it 's for you , John . it 's all for you . go ahead , let they see you . merrick rise and come forward to thunderous applause . the audience begin to rise and they clap they hand even louder . merrick be overcome by the applause . tear run down he cheek . treves , nora , mothershead and the princess , fill with pride , beam at John . merrick ( quietly , to treves ) I feel as if I have travel my whole life just to stand here . CUT to : merrick room merrick , in a night - shirt , be seat at he table work on he cathedral . treves be nearby . merrick be not Mrs. kendal wonderful ? I can not blame the King for want to marry she . merrick close he eye and he head tilt forward slightly . it seem unbearably large : too large for he to support . treve will the cathedral be finish soon , John ? merrick yes , very soon . treve splendid . it 's truly a masterpiece . well , I suppose I will be on my way now . I hope you enjoy yourself this evening . merrick oh yes ! it be wonderful ! treve I be glad , John . goodnight . he turn and start out the door . merrick Mr. treves ? treves come back to merrick . treve yes John ? merrick Mr. treves , tell I ... tell I truly . be it alright , do I make any mistake that you can see ? treve ( look at the cathedral ) no , John , not one that I can see . merrick then I should not change anything ? treve no , no , I would not change a thing . the two look at each other silently . merrick ... I will walk you to the door . merrick rise and go with treves to the door . treve goodnight John . sleep well . merrick you too , my friend . goodnight . treves smile at John then walk down the darken hallway . merrick watch he for a moment , then slowly shut the door . we hear the distant echo of treves footstep . merrick go back to examine he cathedral , look at it from different angle . he pick up a fine brush , dip it into the paint , and make a few final brush stroke . he move back into the middle of the room and gaze at it for a long time . he lower the brush to he side . merrick it be finish . the cathedral be a masterwork of detail and shading , as if it be St. philip itself shrink to a miniature . he go to the table , dip the brush into the paint and carefully sign he name at the base of the main spire . merrick John ... merrick ! he sigh deeply , lay the brush down on the table and push the model towards the window . the movement cause he pain . he put he leave hand up and feel the back of he head . merrick turn out the lamp and go to he bed . he look at the cathedral again , then around at he room . we see in the dim light he book , he gallery of smile woman , he dress bag , he cloak and hood , and finally he mother 's picture on the table . a slight breeze billow the curtain . we move in very close to they . dissolve to : High altitude ... roiling cloud with lightning flash and low thunder . the sky be in turmoil . merrick ( v.o. ) when will the stream be aweary of flow under my eye ? lightn flash ... thunder roll . the cloud be mingling and scatter . merrick ( v.o. ) when will the wind be aweary of blow over the sky ? the cloud erupt , push onward and onward ... they slowly begin to calm as ... they turn slowly into ... elephant link trunk to tail move slowly away from we ... merrick ( v.o. ) when will the cloud be aweary of fleeting ? the elephant be calmer than the sky we see ... they keep move onward and onward ... merrick ( v.o. ) when will the heart be aweary of beat .... a lacy curtain have take the place of the sky . the elephant seem to be move on it ... into the distance . merrick ( v.o. ) ... and nature die ? knock , knock sound . the curtain move to one side wiping the elephant away with it . there be no terrify audience behind the curtain . there be only light and merrick 's mother smile a calm and benign smile . john' mum never , oh ! never , nothing will die ; the stream flow , the wind blow , the cloud fleet , the heart beat ... the light grow brighter and brighter until we cannot see John 's mother anymore . it almost blind we . john' mum nothing will die . white out : CUT to black : the end