the american written by rowan joffe base on the novel a very private gentleman by Martin Booth draft 2.1 13.05.09 fade in : 1 ext . dalsland , sweden - twilight 1 a lake . a forest . a dacha . a saab outside the dacha . a light within . 2 int . dacha - night 2 jack ( dark , fit , mid-forty ) be stare at the ember of a log fire . he sip from a thick cut crystal glass of whiskey . the impressive US Army special force crest tattooe on the shoulder of he bare torso be at odd with jack 's quiet manner and the distinguished silver that fleck he hair and stubble . jack be no longer young . a creak behind he and he eye flick over he leave shoulder . ingrid ( 34 ) be naked . with a intimate familiarity she kiss jack on the top of he head , sit close behind he and wrap she arm around she lover , link she slender hand across he upper chest . her head rest on he shoulder , she face beside he , ingrid and jack watch the fire together in easy silence . 3 ext . wood - morning 3 ingrid lead jack through the tree . her coat have a white fur collar . they be fresh - face and warm from bed . they head towards a vast and freeze lake . jack sense something in the wood . beneath the conifer : impenetrable darkness . jack look around . thick snow blanket the world and muffle any sound . there be not the slight breeze . ingrid what be you look for ? her swedish accent be sing -song . 2 . jack nothing . his anxiety be evident . ingrid laugh out loud . ingrid there be no wolf in the wood so close to the city . jack smile . 4 ext . lakeside - morning 4 they continue through the wood until they reach the shoreline of the lake . ingrid step onto the ice . hold out she hand . a beat . jack take ingrid 's hand . solid as stone , the freeze lake take he weight . they walk out , ingrid slip and laugh . the landscape be magical . jack begin to relax , slip and swear . suddenly , he stop . there be footprint in the thin snow go out across the lake . ingrid snow-hare . beside the snow-hare 's print be that of a man . ingrid a hunter ? jack study the two set of track . that of the snow-hare be head out into the lake . the man 's print be head in the opposite direction , towards the shoreline . jack spin around in the direction they have just come from . no one . 3. then , about ten metre inland from the edge of the lake , a low branch dip and a thick rug of snow fall from the branch . jack grab ingrid , yank she towards the cover of the lakeside tree and push she down into the snow . she grunt , wind . he lie besides she . we hear the crack of a bullet - so quiet it might be a bough snap under the weight of winter . it be not . jack pull a walther ppk / S semi-automatic handgun from the pocket of he parka . cock it . wait . then bob up and down once . there 's another crack from the tree . jack pinpoint the spot from the drift of blue smoke , almost invisible in the winter air . there 's someone in the shadow . he rub snow into he woollen hat , edge up until he can just see over the snow and pump three shot into the dusk under the tree . we hear a mutter groan and then a slide sound , as if jack have just shot a tobogganist . more snow slide off the tree . jack wait . ingrid gather she breath but lose she wit : ingrid you have a gun . jack keep he eye fix on the tree . ingrid you have a gun ! how do you have a gun ? why should you carry such a weapon ? jack look at she briefly but make no reply . she be busy think . so be he . 4. ingrid Jack ? he stand up slowly and walk inland towards the corpse that be just visible now in the shadow beneath the tree . ingrid follow , frighten . the man be slouched forward in a drift of snow , he body cushion in white softness . jack kick the sole of he boot . he 's dead . ingrid Jack talk to I ! jack grab he collar and turn he over . he do not recognise he . jack fumble at he button and rummages in he clothing . in he breast pocket he find a military identity pass . ingrid who be he ? jack a hunter . ingrid he 's not dress like a hunter . why be he alone ? hunters always go in pair . for safety . swiftly , jack remove the bolt from the man 's rifle and throw it far into the tree . jack go for help . call the police . ingrid set off , stumbling up the track they have make through the snow . jack shoot she just once , in the nape of she neck . she twitches in the snow , she blood stain the white fur of she coat collar . from a distance , ingrid look like a shot snow-hair . jack approach she . and step over she , try not to look down . try not to look back . 5 . 5 ext . dacha - morning 5 outside the dacha be another man , stand by a black mercede - benz sedan . the second hunter . he be hold a automatic pistol but he 's not on alert . jack fell he easily with a bullet in the ear . he remove the clip from he walther and reload it . 6 int . dacha - morning 6 jack pack a few belonging in a holdall . 7 ext . dacha - morning 7 jack smashes the cb radio in the mercede and remove the distributor cap from the engine , bury it deep in the snow . then he get into the saab . and drive off . 8 title 8 over image of : jack on a ferry to gotland ; change clothes and vessel for ystad ; travel by road to trelleborg ; catch the night crossing to travemunde ; drive to Hamburg and from Hamburg catch a train to ... 9 ext . rome - day 9 at a fast food stand not far from the central train station , a middle - age man be squirting ketchup on a hotdog . it be Autumn , and without the usual mass of summer tourist , larry stand out as a american . jack do not . jack blend in ? larry be shocked to see jack but pretend the hot dog be the centre of attention . larry Jack . what bring you to Rome ? jack I close the stockholm account . 6 . larry might be older than jack but he do not seem it . his demeanour be sprightly . jack but there be complication . then larry turn and walk , eat carefully . he be not a man who like to get he hand dirty . jack walk beside he . both man keep a train eye on they surroundings . jack collateral damage . two shooter . unidentified . [ a beat ] and a girl . larry take a bite of he hot dog and cast a sideways look at jack . jack be tired . larry there 's a bar across the street : the l'aquila . freshen up . sit tight . give I two hour . 10 int . bar - day 10 jack wash he face in the cramped bathroom at the back of the bar . in the background , on the stereo , the White stripe cover one more Cup of coffee . jack stare at himself in the mirror . he look exhaust . 11 int . bar - day 11 jack be sit at the back of the bar . he have a good view of the whole establishment : include the entrance and the door to the bathroom . he light a cigarette . larry come in and sit opposite he . larry ( genuinely shocked ) you start smoking again ? jack exhales . jack guess so . 7. larry since when ? jack since now . the waiter slide over and flick a cloth at the table . waiter Cafe ? larry due . the waiter disappear . a beat . larry put a envelope on the table . larry stockholm account . final installment . jack take the envelope and put it in a inside pocket . larry be about to speak but stop . the waiter reappear and put down two cup of coffee . larry put two cube of sugar in he cup and start stir . then speak low and fast : larry you can not stay here , Jack . you will not see `em come , not in a big city . but you can not go far , either . if the gentleman whose account you close belong to brink , gallazzo , simenov - any of the first division - you have four or five hour at most before every airport , train station , bus stop , toll booth and ski lift from stockholm to skopje be under surveillance . jack smoke . jack so. not a question . a acknowledgement that larry know exactly what he 's talk about . and jack be listen . 8. larry so . you find a hole - somewhere nearby - and you crawl into it and you stay put until I say it 's safe to come out . jack 's expression be as immoveable as a cliff face . larry turn right outside the bar then second leave . via spinetti . you will find a silver citroen c2 with chieti plate . check the glove box and follow the map . castelvecchio . it 's a fuck fortress . literally . and as dead as a graveyard . anyone within a three to five mile radius you will see `em come . he push something across the table . a mobile phone in a cellophane bag . larry get there . stay there . larry finish he coffee and dab at the corner of he mouth with a napkin . larry do nothing `till you get my call . 12 int . car - day 12 jack get into a compact citroen c2 : nothing flash . he open the glove compartment and find a plain manilla envelope . Inside the envelope be : -a passport bear Jack 's photo in the name of Edward Clarke -a driver' license in the same name - and a map . 13 ext . autostrada - day 13 a long tunnel : one of the longest in Europe . jack at the wheel . it seem like night : red stripe , strip light , shadow . vast fan suspend from the ceiling shift the traffic fume . 9. a button of light , expand ... ... as we burst into daylight . 14 ext . italian landscape - day 14 we be in another world . jack car be wind its way up a twist mountain road towards ... ...a ramshackle , lonely , desolate italian hilltop town . the town sit beneath it 's own castle . medieval tower , gable , street and church bell : frame by the snow - cap mountain peak beyond . this be not the Italy of e.m. Forster or of Bella Tuscany . this be the Italy where the crusader build they fortress . the Italy where sergio leone conceive of he great western . a church bell toll ... 15 ext . cross road - day 15 jack stop the car . at the crossroad be a signpost point to the town . the sign read : castelvecchio . 16 int . car - continuous 16 jack look at the sign . he look up at the silent town , at the vast stone rampart . a old man come out of a crooked medieval doorway , stare at jack and disappear into another building . jack look at the dead socket of the window , random beneath the rotting patchwork of roove . a dog bark . the wind hiss . the atmosphere be deathly . jack make a decision . and drive away . 17 ext . italian landscape - day 17 we see jack car head away from castelvecchio . 10 . the car cross a spectacular viaduct that span a deep ravine . the driver 's window open . a mobile phone in a cellophane bag be throw out . it drop hundred of foot down the ravine . fade out . fade in : 18 ext . castel del monte , MAIN square - day 18 castel del monte be a well preserve , happy look little mediaeval town with a handful of tourist . a chunk of time have pass . jack be sit on a table outside a small bar wear dark glass , sip a coffee and read a guide book . he look like a tastefully dress , well educate american tourist . he blend in . and no one pay he much attention as he finish he coffee , pay he bill , get up and leave . we follow jack as he pass the parapet of the town rampart and look across the spectacular valley ... ... towards the desert castelvecchio . 19 ext . castel del monte , old town centre - day 19 at a leisurely pace , jack pass a row of municipal rubbish bin just inside the fortify gate to the old town . Hidden well behind the bin we catch sight of jack 's park car . 20 ext . castel del monte , town square - day 20 we be right in the heart of the mediaeval old town : like the stronghold at the centre of a castle . jack approach a small family run bed and breakfast just off the main square . the sign read : " pensione abruzzo " . 21 int . pensione abruzzo - day 21 the internal courtyard be refreshingly cool . 11 . in the centre of the courtyard be a fountain make of marble shot through with black vein . in the fountain stand a alabaster statue of a girl . she 's wear a toga and hold a clam shell from which the water fall . the water be deliver by a two and quarter millimetre diameter pipe make of bronze . as jack cross the courtyard he glance at the statue . he find it hard to tear he eye away . 22 int . pensione abruzzo , jack room - day 22 a toothbrush in the glass by the sink . the guidebook on the bedside table . apart for this , jack have avoid unpack : live entirely out of he holdall for some time . from the holdall , jack produce a pair of leica 15x56 geovid brf rangefind binoculars . through he casement window he have good view of castelvecchio . he sweep the town in grid formation : calm and methodical . this be a routine assessment . jack 's Pov : apart from the occasional appearance of a old man , woman or dog , the dead town across the valley be empty . 23 int . pensione abruzzo , jack room - night 23 jack be lie on top of he bed , fully clothed and wide awake . tape to the inside of the wooden bed frame ... ... be he walther semi-automatic handgun . 24 ext . castel del monte , old town centre - day 24 blind SUN fill frame . jack be ostensibly photograph the sight : the mediaeval architecture , the square , the church . 25 ext . castel del monte , church - day 25 the church be at the top of town . a priest , dress in black , survey the world below he : 12 . local be go about they business , a few scattered tourist be enjoy they holiday . one `tourist ' catch the priest 's attention . perhaps it 's he build . or the fact that he 's the only tourist on he own . or perhaps it 's the obsessive grid-like methodology with which jack photograph the little town ... 26 ext . castel del monte , alleyway - day 26 jack turn casually down one of the town 's many narrow alleyway . the alleyway way bend leave and right in a series of blind corner and dark tunnel , the street enclose by arch , criss -cross by fly stone buttress and flanke by outside stairwell . it 's a stalker 's heaven - or hell - depend on how dangerous the prey . jack proceed along the alleyway until he get to a crossroad where four narrow alleyway converge . each alleyway lead uphill or downhill with vary degree of steepness . jack photograph each alleyway . from a upstairs window he can hear the soundtrack of a game show on television . from another alleyway come the sound of a bark dog . no dog be visible . curious , jack turn around , walk back the way he come . the sound of bark get louder . on he right hand side , jack find a hidden archway . the hidden archway resemble a archer 's slit but be big enough for a gown man to slip through . unlike a window , the `slit ' be actually just a crack in a triangular convergence of two separate and slightly overlap ancient stone wall . the confluence of two stone surface make the narrow gap between they very , very difficult to spot . jack slip though the hidden archway . Inside be a courtyard . 27 int . courtyard - day 27 rotting door lead to abandon cellar and storeroom . a mongrel tie to a post be bark savagely , he leash keep he inch from sink he bare fang into jack . jack stare at the dog : a mysterious creature of fear and fury . 13 . 28 ext . narrow alleyway - day 28 jack reappear through the hidden archway and slip back into the narrow alleyway . it 's like he 's materialise from thin air . he take 2 photograph : - first of the hidden archway - and then of the street sign : via romana . just then a man on a original 1970 ducati turn down the alleyway and drive towards he . casually , jack continue walk . the ducati get nearer . the man on the ducati be wear a black crash helmet with a tinted visor . jack pick up he pace . the ducati be ten metre away . jack 's right hand move towards he pocket . five metre . jack 's hand go in he pocket . two metre . bang ! jack drop to he knee . bang ! the ducati backfire for a second time . a pause . still on he knee , jack pretend to tie he right shoe lace . the man on the ducati stop outside a apartment further up the alleyway , get off he rickety motorbike and remove he helmet . he 's a corpulent , ruddy face italian man in he late sixty . he glance at jack . jack stand . man on ducati buon giorno ! jack buon giorno . 14 . man on ducati Da dove provenite ? for a instant , the directness of the question catch jack out . jack America . man on ducati ah! L'Americano ! jack si. Il americano . jack 's pronunciation be good but he grammar be a bit rusty . perhaps he 's play up on this . it suit the role of american tourist . the man laugh enthusiastically emphasize the correct grammar : man on ducati L'Americano ! L'Americano ! a woman' voice come from within the house - loud and angry - distracting the man on the ducati , who scream back passionately , enter he front door , and shut it behind he with a hearty slam . jack walk on . 29 ext . castel del monte , town square - day 29 jack put some coin in a cigarette machine . the machine take he money but will not dispense he cigarettes . he hit the refund button but nothing happen . jack check the time . and thump the machine hard . footstep . jack adjust he position and check the time again . voice ( o.s. ) can I help you ? the man behind he be reflect in the surface of jack 's batter rolex . jack I be no good with machine . 15 . jack turn , smile politely . the priest smile back . he be dress in a ill-fitting , un -stylish black suit , a black silk stock and a deep Roman collar fray at the edge . his name be father benedetto . he be older than jack . father benedetto you be american . this be state matter - of - factly : like a man practise English . jack si. father benedetto you speak italian ? jack poco. father benedetto va be ! you stay at pensione arbruzzo . also a statement : this time with touch of triumph . jack be disconcert but do not show it . jack not for much longer . father benedetto on vacation ? jack work vacation . this much be true - after a fashion . they speak in English unless otherwise specify : father benedetto lavoro ? che genere de lavoro ? jack photographer . father benedetto va be . che genere de fotografia ? jack picture of the region . Architecture , landscape ... father benedetto people ? 16 . he stand straight and smile winningly . jack no people . sights and landmark . for guidebook , magazine ... father benedetto ah! Magazine ! which magazine ? jack show no discomfort . jack actually it 's a syndicate . lot of different publication . um ... casa editrice . father benedetto va be . so you must share a glass of wine with I . questa sera . this evening . a beat . jack be slightly throw . jack you be very kind , but I ... father benedetto certo . you want to know the truth about abruzzo ? a priest see everything . 30 ext . pay phone , castel del monte - day 30 jack be use the local pay phone . larry ( v.o. ) do you have any idea how long I have be try to reach you ? what happen to the cell I give you ? jack speak quietly , keep a eye on the town square : jack do I forget to mention my electromagnetic hypersensitivity ? larry ( v.o. ) do not get jumpy on I , Jack . that cell be secure . jack light a cigarette . 17 . larry ( v.o. ) I have get a job . it 's a custom fit . you do not even have to pull the trigger . jack who 's the client ? larry ( v.o. ) relax . she triple check out . plus she come to you . you do not have to move a inch . jack this be a small town , Larry . I do not like small town . I grow up in one . besides , I be already attract attention . larry ( v.o. ) so will anyone who 's try to kill you . this be a good point . jack light a cigarette . jack I will think about it . larry ( v.o. ) think about this . I clean up you shit and make you disappear . you owe I my usual twenty percent commission plus the first installment . the rest be yours . after this you be free . on jack . turn over the word . 31 int . father benedetto's house - magic hour 31 the SUN be sink behind the high mountain that overlook the hilltop town . jack be wear a immaculate white linen shirt . he 's sit in a small wall garden snuggle at the rear of a crumble fifteenth century edifice , overlook yet secluded and trapping the last ray of the sun . father benedetto pour two large glass of brandy from a globulous green bottle of armagnac and sniff he drink like a honey bee hover over a bloom . 18 . father benedetto que siamo ! the quality of the brandy be good , the liquor be smooth and the glass warm by the sun . he pronounce warm " war-me " . his English be sophisticated but quaint , like a out - of - date book . jack sniff he drink before he sip it . not like a connoisseur : like a White House taster check the safety of a presidential beverage . father benedetto ( in english ) the only good thing to come from the francesi , everything else ... father benedetto grimace . father benedetto the french be ... pezzi di merda . this be not a american discovery . italian have know this for century . [ in italian ] when Rome call France the province of Gaul , they be just the same . arrogant sensualist . they cuisine be fussy and they wine effeminate . only they brandy be worthy of any attention . father benedetto look at jack . father benedetto ( in english ) forgive I . I speak too fast . you study we history ? jack no . father benedetto look horrify . father benedetto you come to Italy to make a guide book and you do not care about history ? jack I take picture , father . a beat . father benedetto of course . you be american . you think you can escape history . you live for the present . 19 . a beat . jack like this man . his shrewdness be disconcert but humane . jack sip he brandy . jack I try to , father . 32 ext . l'aquila - evening 32 suburban sprawl with a mediaeval heart . l'aquila be the capital of the abruzzo region and the nearest big town to castel del monte and castelveccio . like this two village l'aquila be relatively isolate , nestle high up in the appenine mountain . 33 ext . l'aquila , shopping STREET - evening 33 jack come out of a supermarket carry two bag of grocery and turn quickly down a dark side street . 34 ext . l'aquila , via lampedusa - evening 34 jack pass a sign for a modelling agency . it 's a small , inconspicuous sign , but it catch he eye because its graphic be subtly lewd and it 's attach to the buzzer of what be otherwise a purely residential apartment block . enter the apartment block be a beautiful twenty four year - old italian girl . clara . she catch jack 's eye . he walk on . 35 int . castel del monte , pensione abruzzo , jack room - night 35 the remnant of a simple yet sophisticated meal : apple , pecorino cheese , honey and walnut . on he lap top , jack have organised several week worth of photograph of castel del monte into three category : 1 . Street plan 2 . exit route / car 3 . exit route / foot 20 . now he be clean and oiling he walther ppk / S. 36 int . pensione abruzzo , jack room - day 36 jack complete he morning exercise then shower and dress . his manner be precise and methodical . only a man who have live alone for many year can live like this . when he preparation be complete , he pick up he binoculars and study the nearby town of castelvecchio through he medieval casement window . 37 ext . castelveccio , jack Pov - continuous 37 the dead town have come to life ! there 's a market in progress . the central piazza be a hive of activity . food , local produce , clothes and cheap CD stall . the market have attract tourist . stand by a phone box not far from a cheese stall be a attractive woman in dark glass . she 's rifling through she handbag , search for something . under she right arm be a roll up copy of Il messaggero . we notice the front page of the italian daily newspaper have be fold in half . 38 int . pensione abruzzo , jack room - continuous 38 jack lower he binocular . thinks . decide to proceed with caution . 39 ext . castelvecchio - day 39 move through the busy market , jack be also carry a copy of Il messaggero ... ... with the front page fold in half . he approach the old woman run a cheese stall . jack un po ' di formaggio , per favore . old woman quale ? pecorino , parmigiano ? jack questo . 21 . he point . jack E un po ' di pecorino . jack glance casually around for the woman . she 's sit outside a cafe about twenty metre away , chat on she cellphone . jack pay for he cheese and approach the cafe . 40 ext . castelvecchio , cafe - day 40 jack sit at a empty table next to the woman . she finish she call in English . she 's well speak . as she replace the phone in she handbag , she knock the newspaper off she table . jack pick it up . woman grazie . jack prego . you be welcome . woman you be american . jack " amidst gather cloud " . the woman speak quickly , purposefully , barely look at jack . woman you be assume I be English or you would never have mention the weather . in fact I be belgian but I go to board school in England . and be quite happy to converse on all subject meteorological . judge by she stilted choice of word this be code . a waiter come out and flick a cloth over the table . it 's nearly midday and the sun be hot . he speak with a tired voice : waiter buon giorno . desidera ? he 's address the woman . 22 . woman una spremute di limone . per favore . her italian accent be perfect . waiter signore ? the woman look at jack for the first time , study he , await he answer as if a great deal depend on it . jack una gelata alla fragola . per favore . the final fail safe . now they can introduce themselves : jack Edward . woman mathilde . the identification process over , there be nothing more to do but get down to business - and conversation become suddenly awkward . mathilde it 's hot . my car have no air conditioning . I ask for it , but ... she trail off . jack what car do they give you ? her hazel eye flick over the crowd in front of the cafe . she do not answer . jack clear he throat . then say quietly : jack Range ? she take a long time to answer . when she do , she do so over the rim of she half - empty coffee cup , scan the crowd like a cheating wife customarily anxious not to be see by she husband . mathilde one fifty to one seven five meter . 23 . jack time ? mathilde five second . Seven at the most . jack target ? mathilde one . jack Fire rate ? mathilde rapid . jack Magazine capacity ? mathilde large . preferably 9 mm parabellum . the waiter deliver the spremuta and the raspberry ice-cream . the glass of lemon juice twist in mathilde 's slender finger . mathilde the weapon must be fairly light . and compact . possible to be break down into its constituent part . l'americano how compact ? mathilde as compact as possible . jack clear he throat . jack you want a submachine gun to fit in a lady 's purse ? mathilde a small vanity case would be permissible . jack a small briefcase would be possible . a beat . 24 . jack x-ray ? camouflage : lap -top , dvd player , mp3 or digital camera ? she 's not sure if he 's joke or not . neither be we . mathilde not necessary . jack noise ? mathilde silencer . jack no such thing . you will have to make do with a suppressor like everyone else . it will dampen the decibel , dislocate the sound source and reduce muzzle flash . I can not make you silent but I can make you invisible as the finnish phrase go , but only as long as you be prepare to lose some range . jack scan the crowd . on the other side of the square he spot a young man in he mid-thirty with short blonde hair and slight sunburn , hover by a stall . average height , slim , athletic build ; sunglass , stone - wash designer jeans very neatly press with a sharp crease . jack two o'clock . mathilde Excuse I ? jack by the clothes stall . Light blue shirt , open at the neck , expensive buff suede shoe . be he with you ? the young man have disappear into the crowd . mathilde I do not see he . in any case , I be alone . a pause . jack 's jaw muscle grind . mathilde I can accept a slight loss of range . 25 . jack you want a weapon with the fire capacity of a submachine gun and the range of a rifle . mathilde can you do it ? a beat . jack give I a month . to trial . then a week for final adjustment . 41 ext . castel del monte , landscape - twilight 41 the sun be sink . it 's hunt hour . a falcon hover on the wind above the town , look for prey . 42 int . castel del monte , pensione abruzzo - night 42 jack be lie on top of he bed , fully clothed but fast asleep . his eye roll leave and right beneath he lid . he 's dream . in he right hand be a book of medieval italian art &amp ; architecture . twitch in he sleep , jack 's grip on the art &amp ; architecture book slowly loosen ... thud ! as the book hit the floor jack open he eye , sit up and rip the tape walther from beneath the bed , point it at the door . silence . jack 's heart be beat . 43 int . pensione abruzzo , jack room - morning 43 jack be look through he binoculars . jack Pov : ...of a small yellow and blue italian post office van head up the wind alpine road towards castelveccio . 26 . 44 ext . castelvecchio - day 44 with the market go , the town be once more dead . and provide no cover . jack park he car not far from the town square , turn off the engine and get out . 45 ext . castelvecchio , town square , cafe - day 45 jack be sit in the cafe where he meet mathilde . he be watch the entrance to the local post office . he study he watch . it 's be a hour and no one have come or go from the tiny rural branch of the poste italiane . jack put the correct amount of change on the table and get up ... 46 int . castelvecchio , post office - day 46 the shop be small and dusty . so be the postmaster . jack buon giorno . the postmaster grunt he reply , jutting he chin . jack Il fermo posta ? the postmaster turn to a rack of pigeonhole behind a sack of mail hang in a metal frame like a old person 's walk aid . from one pigeonhole he draw a bundle of general delivery envelope hold together by a elastic band . some have be there for week . month even . postmaster nome ? a beat . jack Clarke . deftly , like a teller count through a thick wad of banknote he flick through the mail with thin , waste finger . 27 . postmaster clarky ? jack Clarke . una pacchetto . postmaster pacchetto ! this make all the difference . the postmaster click again , disappear behind the rack of pigeon hole ... postmaster clarky , clarky , clarky . ecco . ... and reappearing with a package . the package be from a italian photographic supplier . jack grazie . postmaster identificazione . jack flick he eye downward . he have already put he passport on the counter . the postmaster scoops it up with bony finger . look from the picture to jack . jack bear the scrutiny with a deadly straight face . 47 int . castel del monte , pensione arbruzzo - evening 47 jack unwrap the package . he remove : - film - photographic paper - development fluid - fix solution then : -a solid , monolythic rectangular receiver make out of a single piece of lightweight alloy . -a bolt assembly . -a barrel . 28 . only with this final piece be the puzzle complete . laid out on the floor be a socimi 821 sub -machine gun . without touch it , jack study the weapon like a connoisseur look at the hue of a wine . in particular he notice that the serial number have be scratch off . then he move slowly , assemble the weapon with precision engineered expertise : - insert the barrel into the front of the receiver and secure it with the nut , -open the sidefold tubular stock and engage the buttpad , - snuggling the buttpad to he shoulder , - look down the barrel , - and slowly squeezing back the finger - grove trigger as we smash CUT to : 48 int . l'aquila , via lampedusa , clara' room - night 48 we beautiful twenty four year - old italian girl enter . clara . she sit on the edge of the bed , whose ageing metal spring squeak slightly , and put she smoking cigarette in a ashtray on the bedside table . she kick off she slip - on shoe . slip off she panty . lift she light cotton dress over she head and lie back on the bed in one practise motion . jack sit on the bed beside she . he do not look at she . italian girl Amore ? she reach up to touch jack as we cut to : 49 ext . castel del monte , pay phone - day 49 jack be scan the town square with he usual cautiousness . 29 . jack you source in Rome . larry ( v.o. ) clean bill of health and no oc . this be a straight favour with a dollar chaser , Jack . the guy 's get a second cousin in nocs on the graft who filch he the socimi . jack I hope you pay below the odd . the more you pay they the more cop gossip in the locker room . larry ( v.o. ) no one 's gossipe , Jack . jack watch father benedetto wave at he from the other side of the square . jack yet . 50 ext . town square - day 50 father benedetto be sit in he api three - wheeler . this comical and endear method of rural transportation be a cross between a mope and a miniature pick - up truck . in the back of the truck be a mass of writhe snake . the api be turn over but it will not start . the bonnet be open . jack be fix the engine . he give a signal and father benedetto turn the ignition key again . this time the engine start . father benedetto clap and cheer . 51 int . father benedetto's kitchen - evening 51 sixteenth century . sombre wood panell stain dark with polish and smoke . two paraffin lamp stand on a huge antique sideboard , they frost orb engrave with scene from the life of we Lord . the room be fill with a dining table : a massive black edifice of oak , five inch thick with six leg flute like the column of cathedral . 30 . use antique crockery , ancient copper pot and utensil like old fashioned instrument of torture father benedetto perform culinary alchemy : transform flesh into meat , dough into bread , hard earth nugget into vegetable . he hum as he cook : Opera arias . and johnny Cash . jack sip from a glass of wine and watch father benedetto potter around the wood fire stove . the priest have he own wine which he sip as he work between bout of hum . 52 int . father benedetto's kitchen - evening 52 jack eat a bowl of chill carrot and sorrel soup in silence . father benedetto watch he , pleased to see he guest so absorb . as soon as jack have finish , father benedetto invite he to help himself from the ancient tureen . then he bustles over to the stove , hum again . jack eat , study a frame photo of father benedetto with he arm around a tough , corpulent italian man in he mid - twenty . fabio . father benedetto return to the table with a large cover dish issue steam into he face . he notice jack 's eye-line . father benedetto all the sheep in my flock be dear to I , but some be dearer than most . especially that that have stray from the fold . off jack 's intrigue look father benedetto clarifies : father benedetto Fabio . he be a ... [ in italian ] ' car doctor ' . but I suspect he practice be not entirely sound . ecco ! father benedetto whisk the lid off the cover dish revealing a stew of poultry carcass cover in sauce . father benedetto fagiano . pheasant . with sauce of orange juice , orange peel , chestnut , garlic , marsala wine and ... come si dici in inglese ? brodo di pollo . Chicken broth . 31 . father benedetto serve each of they with a complete bird and pour white wine into fresh glass . father benedetto also : salsify in garlic butter . mange-tout . fry wild mushroom with truffle . jack help himself to vegetable . father benedetto watch he as he savour he first taste . jack lick he lip and sip some cold white wine . the two man regard one another , the priest await a verdict . jack sinful . father benedetto shrug . father benedetto the Holy Father eat better than this . the flash of a smile cross the priest 's face . jack have you ever want to be anything other than a priest ? father benedetto have you ever want to be anything other than a... come se dice in inglese ...? jack photographer ? father benedetto photographer . jack I do what I be good at . father benedetto I be sure you have other talent . you have the hand of a craftsman , not a artist . you be good with machine . yet you tell I just the opposite when we first meet . jack hide he unease from the watchful priest . father benedetto journalism can not make you a rich man . 32 . father benedetto 's eye flick over the rolex . jack no . father benedetto perhaps you be rich already ? jack I be not a young man . I have my savings . father benedetto ( in italian ) my meagre income be subject to the vagary of the stock market and with church attendance decline there 's less and less money in the offertory . but if a man have God in he vault ... he look searchingly at jack . jack I do not think God be interested in I . Father . father benedetto ( in english ) I know better than to try to make a convert over pheasant and trebbiano . jack be silent . the two man continue eat . then casually : jack what be the snake for , father ? father benedetto tap the end of he nose in the universal sign for secrecy . father benedetto " the grave soul keep its own secret , and take its own punishment in silence . " he have a twinkle in he eye . the priest be on a mission to extract the truth ... and jack know it . 53 ext . outskirt of town - day 53 jack be drive . 33. he check the rear view mirror . all clear . jack accelerate the car , drive it hard at the sidewalk . the vehicle slam into the curb , mount the pavement with a thump of crunching metal . 54 ext . countryside - day 54 just east of the old city wall a dirt track meander downhill through a series of small holding , allotment and scrap metal yard . the car move slowly . we can hear the scrape of trail metal . jack pull up beside a high chain fence . the dog on the other side start bark . this set off other dog in other scrap yard . jack get out of the car and approach a makeshift hut beside the fence . before he 's a metre from the door it open and a tough , well - build , unshaven italian man in he mid - twenty look he up and down . fabio . jack sono un amico di padre benedetto . suspicion give way suddenly to warmth : fabio L'Americano ? jack smile politely . jack buon giorno . 55 int . workshop - day 55 the metal door slide open . fabio lead jack inside . at the back of the cluttere workshop be a blue alfa romeo be respray white . beside it , one half of a lancia be be weld to another . jack know better than to stare . he follow fabio through to ... 34 . 56 int . back office - day 56 girly calendar , italian style . jack I be take picture forty minute north of here . right up in the mountain . Father benedetto say you might be able to help . fabio ( in italian ) you need model . for you photograph ? italian girl ? he wink at jack . he 's be friendly . jack my publisher would not stretch to a four by four and the park trail be play havoc with my chassis . the technical English be slightly beyond fabio 's grasp . this suit jack . fabio ( in italian ) want I to take a look ? jack not really . I just need something to work on a rupture driveshaft . fabio ( in italian ) you be a mechanic ? jack just a hobby . I tinker . jack look at the tool hang on the wall and littering the work bench . fabio shrug . fabio ( in italian ) help yourself . [ in english ] my garage be you garage . jack I appreciate that . fabio get on with work , slide himself beneath the respray Alfa Romeo . 35 . jack pick out various implement , lay they on the work surface : drill , hacksaw , lathe , vice , mallet . behind a oil pan with a jag hole in it he discover several gear wheel with the tooth shear off . he hold the biggest one up . jack bene ? fabio be engross he work . fabio si! si! va be ! jack quant 'e ? fabio grin and growl . a gearwheel with no bite be useless to he . fabio niente ! jack wrap the gearwheel in a sheet of oily newspaper and put it in the sport bag with the tool . at the door , he pause . that 's when jack see it on the notice board . a photograph of father benedetto and fabio . fabio be much young in this photo : fourteen or fifteen year old . he 's wear a as roma football strip . again : the priest have he arm around the boy . jack ciao . grazie . fabio ciao , americano ! 57 int . castel del monte , church - day 57 father benedetto ring the church bell for mass . 58 ext . castel del monte , church tower - continuous 58 three church bell ringing : large , medium and small . as the clapper hit the soundbow we smash cut to : 59 int . jack room , pensione abruzzo - continuous 59 jack have laid out he newly acquire tool on the flag stone floor of he room . 36 . beside they be the socimi sub -machine gun . use the church bell as sound cover ... ... jack put the gearwheel on a flag stone tile and smashes it into five piece with a four pound mallet . 60 int . pensione abruzzo - night 60 by torchlight , jack be fashion connector from the smashed steel gear . it 's very , very tricky work and he eye ache in the poor light . 61 ext . italian landscape - day 61 jack be wear a knapsack . he 's crossing a meadow and make he way towards a ruined hamlet . his manner be dark , purposeful , alert . the grass be long and the tree offer deep shade . jack stop . everywhere there be a profusion of wild flower . his guardedness begin to evaporate . he have never see anything so beautiful or utterly uncorrupt . he look around , transfix by delicate yellow and mauve , brash white , harsh and brilliant crimson , exquisite blue . the air be hum with insect , bee and butterfly . jack be transfix . 62 ext . ruined hamlet - day 62 jack scramble up towards the abandon house , sweat in the heat . his original cautiousness have return . carefully , he check the area for sign of recent disturbance . from the foot of the desert hamlet he survey the valley with binocular , monitoring every square on a imaginary grid for human activity . satisfied that he 's alone , he take a deep breath of mountain air . and scramble back down to the valley . 63 ext . wood - day 63 jack have park he citroen in the shade of a squat but ample walnut tree . in the near distance be a lake . jack crunch over half - form walnut until he reach a patch of soft grass beside the water . 37 . this , he decide , be the perfect spot . he unroll a blanket , kneel , and from he knapsack he produce : -a polystyrene cool box pack with ice and contain a chill bottle of frascati -a loaf of course bread - 50 gm of pecorino - 100 gm of proscuitto -a small jar of black olive - a orange - and a roll blanket contain the disassembled part of the socimi submachine gun . jack set the stopwatch on he weather beat rolex . it take approximately thirty - four second to assemble the bastardise socimi - include telescopic sight and SOUND suppressor - and a further six second to press ten round into the magazine , slot it into the base of the hand grip , snuggle the butt to he shoulder and place he eye beside the rubber cup on the sight . he 's fast . carefully he survey the lake . settles on a clump of reed . and with the focus and dexterity of a surgeon , concentrate until he grip and aim be perfectly tense and still . a beat ... ... as jack hold he breath . then squeeze the trigger . choop ! choop ! choop ! not the conventional " phut , phut , phut " of a movie silencer , but the genuine dampen sonic boom of a tac 65 sound suppressor . through the sight we see the water churn at four o'clock to the reed clump and four metre off . from the knapsack , jack take a watchmaker 's steel - handle screwdriver and adjust the sight , then load another ten round in the magazine . choop ! choop ! choop ! 38 . the reed be clipped , the bullet slapping into the bank behind , mud spurting . jack adjust again and reload . choop -choop-choop-choop-choop ! the reed clump be shot to shit . 64 int . pensione abruzzo - day 64 the sound of church bell . jack be at work : - modify the SOUND suppressor to make it more efficient - filing the connector until the trigger squeeze be softer - adjust the position of the telescopic sight mounting and finally : - check the balance of the weapon : jack poise it on the edge of a ruler over the pencil mark he have determine to be the gun 's centre of gravity . the socimi balance perfectly . by now the sun be low and the light fade . jack 's eye be sore and he finger aching . he sit on he bed with he hand on he knee , silent in the die light . 65 int . brothel , via lampedusa - night 65 we be in the live room of a small apartment . it 's simply and attractively furnish . there be 2 girl : not obviously hooker . the first girl be on she mobile phone . every now and again she glance at jack . the second girl approach he for a light . jack E Clara qui ? [ be Clara here ? ] second girl non e stasera qui . [ she 's not here tonight . ] she loop she arm through jack 's . 39 . second girl volete una bevanda ? [ would you like a drink ? ] jack shake he head . jack forse un altro tempo . [ perhaps another time . ] 66 ext . castel del monte - night 66 jack park in he usual hide spot and head for he pensione . a hundred yard ahead of he on the other side of the street be the same young man he spot in castelveccio . cautiously , so as not to spook he , jack continue walk , pass he pensione and head for the town square . the young man be four park car away , lean against a fiat park in front of a small pharmacy , he right hand on the roof , bend over as if speak to the car 's local occupant who appear to be give he direction . twice he look up and gaze along the street in both direction , casually , as if keep a eye open for pass traffic in the narrow street . ... jack side step swiftly into the local bar . 67 int . bar - day 67 crowd with local . jack order a coffee . through the window he try to keep a surreptitious eye on the young man . but the darkness outside throw back reflection of the bright neon - light bar within . one reflection catch we attention . the italian girl . clara . she be drink and laugh with friend , young italian like she . she catch sight of jack . he turn away . 68 ext . castel del monte - night 68 jack come out of the bar with he hand in he pocket . no sign of the young man . 40 . he slip down a side street . 69 ext . side street - night 69 jack slip from one side street to another take full advantage of short - cut , alleyway and crumble wall . his route be circuitous . it betray a perfect knowledge of the maze - like back street of the town . eventually jack peep out of a tiny passageway half - way down he own street and on the opposite side of the road from he pensione . the entrance to the pensione be clear . jack cross the street and slip inside . 70 int . pensione abruzzo - night 70 we be in the corridor outside jack room . jack take he right hand from he pocket . he 's clutching the walther . slowly , he reach he leave hand upwards , towards the lintel above the door where he find ... ...a single feather . 71 int . jack room - night 71 from the inside of the room we watch four sturdily fashioned deadbolt lock slide open . each lock be new and home make . jack enter , shut the door , lock all four bolt . and sit on the bed . 72 ext . roadside pay phone - morning 72 a cluster of house by the side of a main road : a bar , a restaurant , a phone box . jack put a coin in the slot . two ring . larry ( v.o. ) Jack ? jack I have get company . jack scan the area outside . 41 . jack if he 's not baby -sitting the belgian contract then he 's either a Joe , a cop or a shooter . he 's not with the company , they be fast : it 's be three day and no of . he 's not intel : they be deep background and he want to be notice . he might be a cowboy but he can not be a cop : they work in pair and he 's alone . Strike guarda di finanza , State Police and nocs : he 's not italian - he do not look like one , dress like one or behave like one . so who the hell be he ? a beat . jack Larry ? larry ( v.o. ) you get a long list of enemy , Jack . jack what 's he wait for ? jack hear the sound of a engine . his hand move to he pocket . larry ( v.o. ) Jack ? he watch a black vw sharon pass . there 's a family inside . larry ( v.o. ) want I to help take care of this ? jack I can handle it . larry ( v.o. ) you sound spook . jack it 's a bad line . larry ( v.o. ) Jack ? jack yes ? 42 . larry ( v.o. ) I appreciate the value of a pre - emptive strike in circumstance like this , I really do , but if you be go to go generation kill then do I a favour , ok , because I be run out of bribe money . [ a beat ] make it look like a accident . 73 ext . train station - day 73 Little more than a halt : one platform , one track , one station building - lock and shutter . jack step out of he car . no one around . he check he watch : it 's exactly noon . a train approach . it 's a three - carriage local . it rattles round the bend in the track up the valley , diesel fume plume . there be no more than a dozen passenger on board . mathilde be the only one to alight . her once brown hair be now blonde . she 's wear a light summer skirt and carry a navy blue canvas sport bag . they shake hand as the train pull away , belching and honk as it rattles over the girder of a iron bridge and cross some alpine rapid . mathilde Mr. Clarke . how good to see you again . something quaint , old fashioned in she diction . English with the hint of a belgian accent . jack open the boot of he car and she place she sport bag beside a wicker picnic hamper . mathilde refreshment ? jack the carabinieri around here like roadblock . it 's cover . she nod . they get into the car . 43. as the jack 's door slam we smash cut to : 74 int . car - day 74 mathilde 's sunglass reflect the alpine landscape . mathilde you pick a beautiful spot . she take off she shade . her once hazel eye be now grey -blue . she glance round the hire car 's drab plastic interior . mathilde you would be hard press to make a fast get away in this . perhaps she 's nervous . her attempt at humour be not work and she stumble slightly on she grammar : mathilde I would have think you to have have at least a Alfa Romeo . jack this attract less attention . mathilde be it far ? jack fifty minute . she look up through the sun roof at the high mountain over head . mathilde up there ? jack nod . she ease herself back , resign to a long climb . mathilde the train be tiring . one have to keep alert so much in city . her eyelid be droop . jack I will wake you before the turn -off . she smile gratefully . but do not shut she tired eye . the clock on the dash read 12:17 44 . 75 int . car - day 75 jack negotiate the alpine road , lean into the steering wheel , shifting up or down a gear and glance from the mirror to the road and back again mathilde be asleep . jack scan she , take in every detail : she low-heel shoe be expensive but she wear no jewelry except a seiko wrist - watch on a metal strap and a thin gold chain at she throat . her tan be light , she breast neat and she leg shapely and recently wax . but jack do not look at she like a object of desire . he look at she cautiously , with a expression that say : " this young woman be ruthless . if she be not , she would not be alive . " that 's when he notice the car in he rear view mirror . it 's too far behind to decipher the make or model and it weave in and out of frame as jack negotiate the alpine road . mathilde wake with a start . the clock on the dash read 13:05 . mathilde be we nearly there ? jack the turn - off 's up ahead . his eye flick to the rear view mirror . hers to the wing . she spot the car behind . jack catch she eye questioningly . mathilde I tell you I work alone . jack slow just before the turn off and pull over . then stop . now its mathilde 's turn to look question . jack just a precaution . he get out of the car and pretend to urinate . the car behind pass at speed . a blue seat . the driver neither slow down nor look in they direction . jack get back in the car . 45 . and turn off up a dirt track that disappear into the meadow . 76 ext . wood - day 76 jack park he citroen in the shade of the squat but ample walnut tree . in the near distance be a large lake . this be the exact spot where he come to test the weapon . mathilde get out of the car and stretch . mathilde be that house occupy ? jack look at the ruined hamlet on the hillside . jack derelict . I check three day ago . mathilde we should check again . jack I will check alone . there be adder the mountain . and viper . you shoe . mathilde I will be careful . her voice be curt . the trust she show he in the car be go now . 77 ext . italian landscape - day 77 they cross a meadow and make they way towards the ruined hamlet . the grass be long and the tree offer deep shade . jack walk in front to ward off any snake . everywhere there be a profusion of wild meadow flower . mathilde have never see anything so beautiful . overwhelm , she stop . jack stop . and watch she . she undergoe the same transformation that he do . then she come to , remember herself ... and walk on . suddenly ... a four foot asp viper slither across jack 's path . he clap he hand and the snake writhes for cover . 46 . jack walk on . mathilde follow , pretend not to be frighten but walk closer to jack now , scan the long grass warily . 78 ext . ruined hamlet - day 78 jack scramble up towards the house , check the area for sign of recent disturbance . mathilde follow . from beside the end building jack survey the valley with a tiny pair of binocular , monitoring every square on the imaginary grid for human activity . mathilde you have test the gun here before ? jack yes . satisfied that he 's alone , he lower he binocular . mathilde take a deep breath of mountain air . mathilde it 's beautiful here . she be sit on a loose stone wall at the edge of what be once a terrace field . her dress dip between she leg as she lean forward and rest she forearm on she knee , tired from the journey and the long , hot climb . mathilde I wish everywhere could be this tranquil . jack look at she , sense a kindre spirit . jack you would be out of a job . mathilde you do not like the peace ? jack it 's hard to like something you know nothing about . 79 ext . wood - day 79 the wicker picnic hamper be sit on a rug by between the park car and the lake . from the hamper , jack remove : -a polystyrene cool box pack with ice and contain a chill bottle of aspirinio -a loaf of course bread 47 . - two clod of mozarella - 150 gm of proscuitto - 100 gm of parma ham -a large jar of pitte green olive -a thermos of sweet black coffee - and , wrap in cloth square , the disassembled part of the improve socimi submachine gun . as mathilde start to assemble the weapon with easy skill , jack check the stopwatch on he rolex . it take she approximately twenty - eight second to assemble the bastardise gun - include telescopic sight and SOUND suppressor - and a further three second to slot the empty magazine into the base of the hand grip , snuggle the butt to she shoulder and place she eye beside the rubber cup on the sight . she 's almost ten second faster than jack . he stare at she : not a allure young woman with good leg and nice tit but a extension of the weapon itself and everything it mean . mathilde round ? jack I have make up two sort . he reach into the picnic hamper . jack thirty lead and thirty jackete . mathilde I should like a hundred of each . it 's a order : she voice be emotionless . mathilde and fifty explosive . jack not a problem . he hand she the practise ammunition in two small cartridge box : the shell snug in little plastic trays . jack will mercury do ? she smile almost imperceptibly . 48 . mathilde mercury will do very nicely . she put the gun down butt-first , lean it against the side of the car . mathilde I have make my own target . she reach into she blue canvas sport bag and remove several piece of fold cardboard strengthen with split bamboo cane . without speak she set off through the alpine bloom . in she wake flutter a confetti of butterfly and grass cricket , honey bee sizzling frantically as she loose summer skirt sweep across the flower . jack watch out for viper . he keep he voice down but she hear he nonetheless , wave with she right hand : the hand hold the ammunition box . she 's no fool . neither be he . he have the gun . at ninety meter distance she stop beside a pile of smooth stone - a boundary cairn - overgrown with little purple trumpet bloom . she unfold the cardboard . at this distance all we can make out be a silver - grey shape against the stone . returning to the car she pick up the weapon . mathilde muzzle velocity ? jack at least three hundred and sixty mile per hour . that 's include twenty off the top for the sound suppression . impress , mathilde look at the mark on the metal where the serial number have be remove with acid . mathilde socimi ? jack eight-two-one . mathilde I have not have one before . 49 . jack you will find it easy . I have be - balanced it for the longer barrel . the fulcrum be two centimetre forward of the grip now . which will not matter if you be fire - and I be guess you be - from a fix position . no answer . jack no major recoil issue . you should be able to hold onto any target . even the smallest . mathilde put two jackete round into the magazine and stand with she foot apart , brace . the breeze beneath the walnut tree ruffle she summer skirt and press it against she leg . choop ! choop ! for a moment longer she hold on the target then lower the gun , hold it under she arm like a lady on a shire hunt would hold a 12 bore . mathilde you have do a good job , Mr. Clarke . thank you . thank you very much . she make a minute adjustment to the telescopic sight , with she fingernail . she can not have turn the vertical screw more than one notch . then she fully load and fire again . choop-choop-choop ! jack lift he binocular and look at the target . it 's the unmistakable outline of a boeing 747- 400 , about one and a half metre long . paint against the cut - out be the upturn at the end of the wing . the front doorway be shade in . stand in it be the silhouette of a man . in the centre of he head be three small hole . with the magazine contain the remain 28 jackete round , mathilde take aim again . choop-choop-choop-choop ! through he binocular , jack can see the empty space where the target 's head use to be , the scar stone behind and the little scrap of cardboard float on the warm air . jack good shot . 50 . mathilde say nothing . she fill the magazine with lead round , snap it in place and hand the weapon to jack . mathilde go to the stone and fire near I . he 's take aback . mathilde say ... she look round for a target . mathilde ... into the bush with the yellow flower . two burst . five second apart . slowly , jack walk down to the stone , turn and look back . the citroen be well hide in the deep shade of the walnut tree . so be mathilde . in the poor light all he can see be she dress and she blouse . he wipe the sweat from he eye and shut they tightly . this be not just a weapon test ... it 's a test of trust . he open he eye again . mathilde turn to face he as he shoulder the weapon . he aim the socimi at the yellow flowers right beside she . hold he breath . and pull the trigger . choop ! choop ! mathilde remain untouched . so do the yellow flowers . Troubled , jack blink rapidly and count to five . then he fire again . choop ! choop ! choop ! through the sight , we see two stem of yellow blossom fall sideways . relieved , jack walk slowly back to the car . mathilde the sound suppression be superb . I could not place the direction of fire . 51 . from she sport bag she remove a plain brown manilla envelope . mathilde I shall require the round and the weapon by the first of next month . in the meantime would you tighten the adjust screw on the sight , they be too loose . and lengthen the stock by three centimetre . I also want a sixty round magazine . jack you will upset the balance . mathilde I be prepare to accept that . jack then I be happy to oblige . mathilde what about the a case ? jack a briefcase . samsonite . Standard pattern in black with combination lock . be there a number you would prefer ? she think . mathilde eight-two-one . jack eight-two-one . mathilde hand he the envelope and disassemble the weapon . jack wrap the socimi part up in they cloth square and place they in the bottom of the picnic hamper . mathilde what do you want do with this ? she have collect up the spend cartridge case . jack throw they in the lake . she walk down to the water and hurl the brass case in . fish rise . again , the beauty of the place transfix she . by the time she turn back , jack have laid out the picnic . 52 . mathilde how thoughtful . she pick up a bottle of wine . mathilde I do not know italian wine . jack aspirinio . like mosacata but frizzante . deftly he uncork a bottle . and pour it into the grass . jack it would not look right if the picnic be not touch . mathilde you chill the wine . I think ... jack it have to be chill . they be italian cop . mathilde ( disappointed ) you think of everything . jack I be pay to . do not move . she freeze . jack point slowly . on she tan forearm be a butterfly . mathilde wow . they both stare at the insect , transfix . mathilde it 's so beautiful . jack parnassius apollo . it 's endangered . she look up at he . like it 's a revelation she say : mathilde you like come here . jack it serve its purpose . 53. mathilde you have never take a woman here before ? jack be momentarily take aback . jack no . the butterfly flit away . mathilde ( sadly ) perhaps you do not have a woman in you life . it be not easy for we to keep relationship . not in we world . jack I have a acquaintance . a beat . she wait for he to say more . he do not . mathilde friendship be transitory . it be ... suddenly , there 's movement in the bush . jack snatch up he binoculars . mathilde scan the tree cover . jack Wild boar . he hand she the binocular . and hurriedly pack up the picnic . 80 int . car - day 80 her sunglass back on , mathilde watch the meadow slip backwards in the nearside wing mirror as the car bump back down the alpine track . mathilde I wish you have not bring I here . again ... a real sadness . jack glance at she . 54 . mathilde this be the sort of place I wish I would discover by myself . then maybe one day I could have retire here . but you already know it . jack be touch . jack I be much older than you . by the time you have retire I will be dead . 81 ext . rural train station - day 81 the citroen pull up . 82 int . citroen - day 82 the young woman 's manner be once more tense and formal . mathilde we will meet as before ? jack nod . the distant sound of a diesel engine . the train be approach . mathilde on the first of next month ? he nod again . mathilde around noon ? not even a nod this time : just a slow blink . mathilde open the door , run around to the boot and grab she canvas sport bag . then return to the passenger side of the car and look in . mathilde thank you for a lovely day . Mr. Butterfly . she lean in .. ... and kiss he lightly on the cheek , she lip light and quick on he stubble . mathilde you must take you mistress to the meadow for a picnic . 55 . she close the car door , walk onto the platform and vanish onto a wait carriage . the train honk and belch , move off down the track in the direction from which it come . jack watch it go . and drive off . confused . 83 int . castel del monte , local bar - night 83 two old men drink beer at the bar . two more at a table , play scopa with old fashioned trentine play card . sitting at the back of the room , jack stare at a shot of grappa . above he , mount on the wall , be a television . on the tv be a western : Charles bronson and Henry fonda in once upon a time in the west . jack downs he shot , get up and walk over to the bar . pay . the barman nod at the screen . barman sergio leone . Italiano . jack turn and look . henry fonda in close - up , be about to shoot a red head boy of seven in the head . jack stare . just at the moment that the gun go off ... ... jack turn away . barman ( in poor english ) you like cow boy movie ? jack think . then shake he head . jack hokey . 84 int . brothel , via lampedusa - night 84 clara and jack be naked . jack try to kiss she on the lip but clara turn away : just enough to let he know this be against the rule . 56 . jack kiss she neck . her breast . her stomach . as he move he head between she leg , she finger ( already ensnare in he hair ) tighten they grip , stop he from go further . jack look up at clara , across she belly , and she look back at he , she expression fix yet curious . against she rule but not , we sense , against she wish , jack kiss clara softly , tenderly , deeply until she be move against he tongue , use she sex like a mouth to kiss he in return . they make love , break each of Clara 's two remain rule in turn . first : jack put she in a position she initially resist . then : he kiss she . clara come , not want to . suddenly , preoccupy , jack do not . 85 int . brothel , via lampedusa - night 85 jack be in bed with clara . clara morboso ? she look at he . clara ( with certainty ) morboso . jack morboso ? clara morboso be like ... when you can not stop think about something . he stare back at she : wordless . clara or someone . a long pause : she eye search he . jack sit up , light a cigarette and stand by the window , look through the blind , down into the street . jack you need not act . clara Act ? 57 . clara watch he , confuse but fascinate . jack you might have to act with you other client but you do not have to pretend anything at all with I . she light herself a cigarette . jack I want you to be yourself with I . be as indifferent as you like . I come here to get pleasure , not to give it . he hand she cash . she count it . clara maybe I pretend very well . I get more tip than the other girl usually get . he walk to the door . pause . jack I do not sleep with the other girl . and leave . 86 int . jack room - night 86 jack be asleep . he be not alone . in the bed beside he : ingrid . pale as death . eye roll back in she socket . *** jack wake up suddenly , gasp . the bed be empty , the sheet twisted and damp . 58 . 87 ext . castel del monte - dawn 87 sunrise ... ... over one of the most desolate and beautiful landscape in all Italy . 88 int . jack room - dawn 88 in the gun -metal light of dawn , fiddly work : - cartridge take apart - tiny hole drill in the nose to a depth of precisely 3 mm - the hole half - fill with mercury - and plugge with a drop of liquid lead . jack be convert jackete ammunition into explosive bullet . 89 int . church - day 89 outside , the sun be merciless . Inside , jack have take refuge in the cool of the church . he be alone . he be not praying . just stare impassively at the gaudy crucifixion : at the thorns and the nail and the run blood . footstep . jack check for reflection in he watch . it 's father benedetto : dress for mass . father benedetto I have be look for you . he mop the sweat from he brow with the hem of he soutane , take jack by the arm and lead he to one side , away from the light of the candle . father benedetto a man be here ask question about you . a beat . jack here ? father benedetto he come to the church this afternoon . jack what do he want ? 59 . father benedetto to know where you live . he say he be a friend from Switzerland . jack Switzerland ? jack think . jack and you tell he ? the priest look at with complete disdain : father benedetto of course I do not tell he . how do I know he ? he be maybe the police . certainly he be no friend . a friend would know you pensione . besides ... father benedetto lean close and whisper : father benedetto Friends do not carry gun . father benedetto glance shrewdly at jack , he eye search into he . father benedetto if you live in Italy , and you be a man of the cloth , you meet many people . besides , I live once in naple . if you live in naple you know the difference between a fat wallet and a... custodia per armi di spalla . how you say in English ? jack shoulder holster . father benedetto si. jack glance up and down the aisle . old lady be dribble into church in twos and three . the bell for mass start ringing . jack you be a true friend , father . father benedetto I be a priest . jack turn to go . 60 . father benedetto signor Clarke ? again the priest lean close , hold jack by the elbow in a gesture of austere confidence . father benedetto I make a mistake . he do not say he be from La svizzera : Switzerland . he say - forgive I the name in italian be so similar - La svezia : Sweden . 90 ext . church , roof - day 90 three bell be ringing in the tower . beneath they , a row of mediaeval gargoyle ( dragon , griffin , dog and devil ) look down over the little town , they face frightening or frighten . jack be among the gargoyle , lean over parapet , he eye make huge by a pair of tiny binocular , surveying the town below , check each square of the grid for a glimpse of the young man . nothing . then he notice : park in the shadow of a spread chestnut tree not far from the main square . a audi ... ... with the young man we spot in castelveccio market sit at the wheel . 91 ext . castel del monte , STREET - night 91 the young man come out of a shop . this be the first time we have see he up close . in he early thirty , he 's wear a dark brown leather jacket and expensive jeans . his blonde hair be cropped short , and there 's the hint of a botch prison - cell tattoo visible just beneath the collar of he shirt . the young man open a small silver tin and a single deat movement remove a portion of snus ( swedish chew tobacco ) and insert the it between he top lip and gum . it be a strangely sinister act . then he blend in with the tourist , milling down the corso and round the square head towards ... 61 . 92 int . bar - night 92 jack be sit in the window , make himself as visible as possible to the world outside . he downs a grappa : then get up to pay for it . his movement be slow and leisurely . the barman hand he he change . and a small white envelope . jack be not expect this . barman ( in italian ) someone leave this for " L'Americano " . this afternoon . jack look at the envelope . jack grazie . he turn casually away from the barman 's pry eye and open the envelope with extreme caution . Inside be a fold cutting . it 's from the swedish Daily newspaper sstersund -posten . jack unfold the cut . we catch a glimpse of : - ingrid 's dacha . - a police line . - Three dead body in the snow : the two hitmen and the girl . heart racing , jack slip the cut in he pocket . grab three sugar cube from a silver bowl on the bar . and leave . 93 ext . castel del monte , town square - night 93 the young man be watch a puppet show in the middle of the square . the puppeteer be use glove puppet and the punch and Judy style performance involve punch fuck Judy with a grotesquely carve , outsize sex organ . there be a large crowd gather . jack leave the bar , turn leave and walk purposefully down the street . the young man follow . 62 . 94 ext . castel del monte , corso frederico - night 94 it 's a hot summer night and there be more tourist than usual . the young man use they as cover . jack turn down a dark , desert alleyway . the young man hesitates . his right hand move casually to he jacket pocket . and he follow . 95 ext . alleyway - night 95 we be with the young man as he stalk he prey through the mediaeval maze of street ... we end up in the narrow alleyway that jack photograph on he first day in town . up ahead , disappear round a distant bend , we catch a glimpse of jack , he heel clacking on the cobble . the young man follow swiftly , he trainer silent . he get to a crossroad where four narrow alleyway - all identical - converge . the young man be unsure which alleyway to take . the street be empty . he listen . from a upstairs window he can hear the soundtrack of a late night film on television . it 's a romantic film , the violin muffle and sad with long . from another alleyway come the sound of savage barking . the young man look around for the source of the bark , but the street be empty . suddenly , the bark stop . the young man look confuse . from he right hand jacket pocket we hear the unmistakable click of a cock mechanism . 96 ext . courtyard - night 96 we be recognise the secret courtyard : the one reach by mean of the hide archway . with one hand , jack feed another sugar cube to the mongrel . 63. with the other hand , he hold he walther behind he back ... ... and cock it . 97 ext . alleyway - night 97 the young man be wait at the far end of the alleyway , hugging the wall , scan the crossroad ahead , unsure which of the four possible alleyway hold he prey . jack emerge from the hidden archway and walk quickly up behind he . jack have remove he shoe and he bare foot be silent . he have thirty metre to cover . the gun hang heavy in he right hand . it 's fitte with a tac 65 SOUND suppressor . he raise he right hand . twenty metre . the gun be point at the young man . Fifteen metre . his finger take up the slack of the trigger . ten meter . then : a ducati turn into the alleyway behind jack , its headlight on full beam . jack drop he right hand and thrust he silence walther deep into he jacket pocket . the young man look he way . jack be outline by the mope 's beam of light . the two man be face to face , within spitting distance . the ducati hurtle towards the young man . the man on the ducati be wear a tinted black crash helmet . the young man 's eye widen with fear . bang ! the ducati misfire . mistake the sound for gunfire , the young man drop , roll and fire back . we hear the sound of a single suppress shot : choop ! 64 . the bullet graze the front suspension of the ducati and lodge in the rear cowling . the man on the ducati swerve and crash , hit a stone staircase . jack look around . the young man have disappear . the man on the ducati be out cold . the front wheel of he ducati turn slowly , squeaking . choop ! a bullet hit the road not far from jack . choop ! another bullet hit the wall behind he . swiftly , jack grab hold of the batter 1970 ducati ... 98 ext . castel del monte , mediaveval maze - night 98 jack ride the classic ducati , turn leave and right without hesitation , through archway , down step , drop level by level , cursing in time with he jag breathe until ... 99 ext . castel del monte , outskirt of town - night 99 jack emerge from the bottom of the town and race away on the wind road . silence . all we can hear be the cricket . then the sound of a car . a audi tear past we , follow jack out of town . 100 ext . alpine road - night 100 jack be head for the mountain . he take the first corner at 70 mph . the audi gleam black in the moonlight . gain on he . 101 ext . another angle - night 101 jack take the next bend at top speed , he classic 1970 1000 cc engine howling . the audi slow , then power through the bend , accelerate . 65 . 102 int . audi - night 102 the young man put he foot down . the speedometer climb . 103 ext . alpine road - night 103 the audi come up swiftly behind Jack 's ducati and try to ram he . jack dodge the audi , swerving from one side of the road to another . 104 ext . viaduct - night 104 a soar concrete bridge span a plunging alpine valley . the audi overtake the ducati , then swerve leave , try to crush jack against the concrete barrier that mask a three hundred and fifty foot fall . jack break hard and the audi miss he , smash into the concrete barrier amidst a shower of spark and screeching metal . the audi follow the ducati into ... 105 ext . alpine tunnel - night 105 Long , dark , neon-lit ... and blind curve . the audi come up fast behind the ducati . Jack swerve the ducati onto the other side of the road . the audi swerve leave and try to crush jack into the leave - hand wall of the tunnel . suddenly , a car come round the bend . what happen next happen fast : jack swerve leave and skid into a service lay - by , narrowly avoid the car . the lay - by be small and jack have to slide the ducati on it 's side as he crash it into the box - like space . the lay - by be too small for the audi . the audi and oncoming car collide . the audi 's crumple zone buckle as both vehicle ' bonnet concertina like a road safety test . 66 . the audi have air bag . the oncoming car do not . on impact , its driver go through the windscreen of he own car and onwards , through the windscreen of the audi . the wreckage be awesome . deep within the mangle metal of the two car ... ... the young man groan and twitches . jack appear at the crumpled window of the audi . he reach through the break window , grab the young man by the head ... ... and break he neck . 106 ext . wood - dawn 106 jack wash away the worst of the dirt and the blood in a mountain stream . 107 ext . road - day 107 jack on the ducati . turn off at a sign for l'aquila . 108 ext . l'aquila - morning 108 l'aquila be the nearest and large town in the region . it 's also the location of the via lampedusa brothel . jack come out of a pharmacy and quite literally bump into clara . he wince with pain . clara buon giorno ! jack buon giorno . clara you be hurt ? jack I be fine . clara what 's wrong with you ? 67 . jack it 's nothing really . just a break rib . un costollo rotta ? clara stronzo ! let I help you ! jack I come off my bike . clara but you have to go to the hospital ! jack no , no , no . I have pain killer . I just need a strong cup of coffee . clara I know a place which make the strongest coffee in l'aquila . her limpid brown eye twinkle . 109 int . clara' apartment - day 109 a small , simply furnish bedroom with a bed , a desk and a chair . as he sip a large cup of strong black coffee , clara clean a vicious well on he right shoulder blade . as the dirt and blood come away she reveal a exquisite tattoo ... ...of a butterfly . clara ve be . tutto posto . signor farfalla . [ good . everything 's ok . Mr. Butterfly . ] his eye open wide and he turn to she quickly . jack why d' you call I that ? a beat . clara you have a tattoo . on you back . of course . he relax . but not completely . 68 . 110 ext . castelvecchio - day 110 the situation at the beginning of the movie be perfectly reverse . from the relative safety of castelvecchio , jack watch castel del monte through binocular : - the phone box . - the bar. - the pensione d'abruzzo . no sign of the police . no sign of any shadow dweller . 111 ext . castel del monte , town square - sunset 111 jack be in he usual phone box . his manner be quietly purposeful . jack how do he know I be here , Larry ? larry ( v.o. ) you think I hire he ? a beat . larry ( v.o. ) be you out of you fuck mind , Jack ? jack I doubt it . larry ( v.o. ) after everything I have do for you ? the car , the cell phone ( which you throw away ) , the safehouse , the fake passport ? someone have to pay for this shit , Jack ! I have to pay for this shit . it come out of my commission . you be my lousy profit margin . why the fuck would I take a contract out on my own profit margin ? you be not think straight . I be the one who tell you to leave town ! I tell you to come to Rome ! God damn it you have get a job to do ! why the Hell would I ... wham ! something smack into the phone box at high speed . 69 . jack drop to he knee and reach for he walther . outside the phone box three teenager be kick a football around . 112 int . jack room - night 112 tin of fruit drop : three kind : black cherry , pineapple and lemon . each tin be emptied of its fruit drop . twenty round of ammunition - each round pack in silica - fit exactly into each tin . lead round in the black cherry , jackete in the pineapple and explosive in the lemon . jack re-seal each tin with sellotape . 113 ext . l'aquila , corso frederico ii - day 113 the colonnade of this popular pedestrain street be crowded with window shopper , tourist take coffee , old man discuss politics and office girl walk hand in hand and chatter like songbird . jack be in dark glass . he 's sit in a coffee shop under the colonnade suck a fruit drop and read a copy of Il messagiero . c.u. we see he 's study a small column concern the murder of two prostitute in the nearby city of chieti . jack spot clara walk along the corso . she 's with a girl he have not see before . anna . anna be small town girl with a keen sense of fashion . she and clara be hand in hand . clara see jack and speak to she friend . they cross through the throng of boulevardier . clara my friend Anna . this be my friend signor farfalla . clara 's eye twinkle mischievously . the girl cease to hold hand and anna offer hers to jack . jack half rise like the perfect gentleman , fold he newspaper and accept anna 's greeting . jack how do you do ? anna I be very well thank you . 70 . ah . this be to be a impromptu English lesson . jack acquiesce gracefully . jack will you take a coffee with I ? clara that would be very good . he indicate two empty chair . jack prego . clara move she chair to sit closer to jack . under the table , she knee press against he . anna also move she chair nearer to jack : but she motive be to move it out of the sun . she be not flirt . clara Anna be learn English . jack have you be to England ? anna seem momentarily confuse . anna but you be ... she look at clara . anna lui americano ? jack I be . jack glance at clara . how much have she tell she friend ? anna ah. I have not be to England only to France . but I would love to go to America . the waiter come over . jack due cappuccini e un cafe corretto . clara Anna be like all italian . she think America be like in the movie . Little Italy , " West side Story " , " Chicago " . ( more ) 71 . clara ( cont would ) I tell she in this time America be like here , there , anywhere . the street be not ... pave -ed with gold . she beam happily at jack . he smile back at she . jack if not with gold , than at least not with enough medieval cobble to loosen every - self tapping screw in a fiat . jack beam . neither girl understand . but everyone smile happily . the waiter bring the coffee and clara insist on pay . jack where do you come from , Anna ? anna frown . jack play teacher . jack dove abita ? anna ah , yes ! I live in via dell ' argilla . nearby to Clara . jack briefly wonder what else he could teach she . he scan both girl and decide clara be the prettier . clara seem to sense this . she smile to herself . jack be touch . 114 ext . corso frederico ii , l'aquila - day 114 we cut wide and watch jack talk inconsequentiality with the girl . they stand to go . jack rise . clara perhaps we will have a drink together soon ? I be free ... her word sound rehearse . she consider a crowded timetable . clara ...on Monday . jack great . I will see you then . clara but eduardo ... where would you like to meet ? 72 . again : rehearse . jack be not expect this . clara look at he mischievously . anna be listen . jack how about we usual place ? clara we usual place ? she feign complete perplexity . clara I forget . where be we usual place ? jack you have forget ? clara remind I . the twinkle in she eye . she 's testing he . jack be the perfect gentleman . jack maybe we should try something different . clara where would you like to try , eduardo ? a beat . jack spot a restaurant on the opposite side of the road . jack locanda grapelli ? there be no warmth in he suggestion . but clara do not care . clara locanda grapelli ! si! she look genuinely delighted . anna this be the best food in the area . jack good . clara Seven ? jack Seven . clara locanda grapelli . 73. jack locanda grapelli . clara you will be there ? jack I will be there . clara see you then , eduardo . jack see you then , Clara . it be a delight to meet you Anna . arrivederci . anna arrivederci , signor farfalla . there be a unmistakable twinkle in anna 's eye . how much she know be uncertain . she kiss he swiftly and softly on the cheek . clara do the same on the lip . behind the mischief in she eye be something doubtful . have she go too far ? 115 ext . downtown l'aquila - day 115 jack visit three store : - in a photographic shop he busy half a dozen film protection bag . - in a haberdashers he purchase several packet of hook and eye like the kind you find on brassiere . - in a office supply shop he busy some custom make head notepaper , invoice book , notepad , envelope , metal pen , a calculator and a mobile phone . 116 int . jack room - night 116 jack open a black combination lock samsonite briefcase and line the bottom and side with the lead-line film protection bag , cut to fit . into the base of the briefcase he glue pre-shape piece of firm grey plastic foam . this form the pocket into which he slot the constituent part of the socimi submachine gun . they fit perfectly . over this jack use the hook and eye to clip a false bottom : a tough card cover onto which be paste the custom make head notepaper , invoice book , notepad and envelope . 74 . to the briefcase 's central divider he add the metal pen , a calculator and a mobile phone . he set the combination to 821 . then shut and lock the briefcase . this do he sit on the bed and stare at the case . with he work complete , he be strike by a terrible sense of emptiness . 117 ext . parco della resistenza - just before dawn 117 a small park not far from castel Del monte 's town square . it be just after dawn . the pine tree and the poplar be silent . the sun be not yet up but the day be light . sparrow hop about , search for crumb . jack , ravage by lack of sleep , wonder about like the demon of a lose darkness , look for he hole down to the underworld . father benedetto buon giorno ! he 's twenty meter away , he hand raise in half - welcome , half - benediction . they greet one another and father benedetto fall into slow step with jack . the priest walk with he hand behind he back . jack with he hand in he pocket . father benedetto I walk here to meditate . once a week , Wednesday , the farthest one can travel in the week from the sabbath . the tree be like the station of the Cross : by certain tree I thank God for certain favour he have grant I , or certain gift he have make to I and all man . for example , here by this pine , I thank he for the many friendship I have and ask he to look after that of my friend who be troubled . they reach a cypress tree and father benedetto bow he head in prayer . after a while he say : father benedetto some walk here in the cool of evening . other come at night . there be a slight sadness in he voice as he say to himself : father benedetto I wonder how many bastard have be make here ? 75 . he give a small sideways glance at jack . father benedetto perhaps you will stay and settle here yourself ? jack what make you think I be leave ? father benedetto you tell I as much when we first meet . besides , that who seek for peace seldom find it . they be always move on , look elsewhere . [ a beat ] and they be usually sinner . jack all man be sinner . father benedetto some be great sinner than other . and that who seek peace have much sinning in they history . jack I do not seek peace . I never have . father benedetto until now . jack perhaps . perhaps I will stay . the valley . the village . the mountain . father benedetto forgive I . this be the priest in I speak . and the friend . but you have do much sinning , signor Clarke . you still do . jack I see a whore . she 's young enough to be my daughter . father benedetto I do not refer to the sin of carnality . but to the deadly sin ... jack be not all sin equal ? father benedetto we be not discuss theology , my friend , but you . you like this town , this valley . ( more ) 76 . father benedetto ( cont would ) you should like to remain here and find you peace at last . yet you cannot . there be something you can not ignore . some force . some enemy . jack be silent . father benedetto you want to speak but you dare not . you know no one sufficiently well to share you history with they . you know I be trustworthy yet still you be cautious . father benedetto stop , compelling jack to stop too - and face he . father benedetto what job do you do , signor ? be you on the run , as they say ? jack who say ? father benedetto it 's a expression , no ? jack everyone 's on the run from something . father benedetto some man watch some of the shadow . you watch they all . jack I have do nothing I do not have good cause to do . father benedetto do you wish to tell I ? jack for what reason ? father benedetto for you own sake . perhaps I can pray for you ? a change of pace . jack I make thing . artifact . father benedetto counterfeit money ? 77 . jack why do you say that ? father benedetto you work in metal . you be give some steel by Fabio , the car doctor . jack you know a lot about I . father benedetto I know only what you do in the town . people talk to I . I be they priest and they trust I . jack and I should too ? father benedetto of course . they stare at one another . jack want to confess . he do not know why . but he do not . he do something we be not expect : jack Fabio . the `car doctor ' . be he conceive here father ? father benedetto be motionless . father benedetto why do you ask I that ? jack he look like you . even more than he do in the photo you keep of each other . where be he conceive , father ? under one of this tree ? at night ? like all the other bastard ? there be a very , very long pause . father benedetto stare up at jack with extraordinary intensity . father benedetto I do not remember , signor . it be twenty - five year ago . father benedetto walk . jack follow . a gust of wind make dust swirl from the gravel path . the two man do not speak again until they reach the next set of cyprus tree . 78 . father benedetto in the end it be I who confess to you . jack expecting I to reciprocate ? father benedetto perhaps . for you own good . you can not doubt the existence of Hell . you live in it . it be a place without love . as for I , I go about my daily duty because the town require it of I . some know what you know . perhaps I have no right to wear this robe . but I do have a heart full of a father 's love . something close to his heart ! and for that I be both grateful and happy . on jack . father benedetto what do you have , my friend ? another gust of wind . the priest look up into jack 's face . the assassin' eye be red and sting . perhaps its from the dust . 118 int . jack room - evening 118 jack dress very carefully for dinner . it be clear he wish to make a favourable impression upon clara . 119 ext . locanda grapelli - night 119 Stone step lead up from the street to large paved veranda that overlook the town . overhead a canopy of vine and jasmine . above that a sky full of star . of the thirty or so candle - light table that dot the veranda , more than half be occupy by romantic couple . jack scan the table and check he watch . it 's shortly after seven pm and there 's no sign of clara . he wait . then turn to leave . clara ( o.s. ) ciao . 79 . she kiss he once on the lip . she 's hot and flustered . she 's be rush . clara I do not think you would come . jack I be not sure you mean I to . clara look doubtful . it 's the same look she give he at the cafe . she be break the golden rule of prostitution . get involved . her heart be pull one way and she head another . clara certo . a waiter approach . waiter per due ? judge by he disapprove tone , the waiter seem to know what clara do for a live . clara sense this immediately . clara si. 120 ext . locanda grappelli - night 120 clara and jack sit at a table overlook the town . the waiter light they candle and deposit two menus peremptorily . clara una botiglia di acqua minerale non gasata et ... una parasini , per favore . completely ignore she , the waiter address jack with a wink . waiter menu in inglese ? a beat . jack no , grazie . waiter tedesco ? olandese ? clara ( to the waiter ) he speak italian . so do i. listen : 80 . she repeat she order , articulate each word emphatically , like a teacher to a slow school child : clara una botiglia di acqua minerale et una parasini , per favore . she be not upset . it 's just she way of let both man know that she 's in charge . the waiter turn to she , defer to she strength of character . waiter gasata ? clara non gasata . he nod with some genuine deference and leave . clara sigh . clara ( mostly to herself ) cittadina . jack small town . jack smile . clara smile back . they have this contempt in common . the waiter reappear and pour a thumbful of wine . it be pale red in colour and frizzante . at clara 's insistence , jack taste it . it be dry and have a tar-like aftertaste . clara parasini . from calabria . it be good , you will agree ? jack it be . very good . he look at she and - for a brief moment - he undergoe what be a unique experience for he : a positive long to repeat this brief moment many time in the future . clara catch the glow of he warmth and blossom . clara can I ask you something , eduardo ? jack sure . clara you be marry ? 81 . jack no . a beat . jack I doubt any of the couple here be . with the exception of the Germans at table seven . she 's wear a wedding ring and they have not speak a word to each other for eight and half minute . clara I be sure this be you secret . jack what make you think I have a secret ? I be a ordinary man . I cough . I fart . I earn a live . jack observe a gypsy sell rose . clara I do not think you be a ordinary man . I think you be a good man . but you have a secret . the gypsy approach , offer clara a rose . she refuse firmly . clara he think we be a couple . jack signal to the gypsy and busy clara a rose . jack why spoil the illusion ? she look at he and smile . clara ( in italian ) as long as we know it be a illusion . her smile be only a little bit sad . still , jack do not know what to say . they be save by the appearance of the waiter . waiter buona sera . desidera ? clara order , full of italian charm , put jack at he ease . he watch she contentedly : the way she talk and move . 82. 121 ext . corso frederico - night 121 jack and clara be walk . he have a cigarette in he mouth . they look like film star . clara slip she arm through he . they say nothing . the pedestrian shopping street be thronging with other couple . 122 ext . coffee bar - night 122 the coffee bar have a outside section . clara and l'americano be seat in a throng of happy youngster Clara 's age . jack be the oldest person there . the waitress bring two glass of prosecco . she put a small silver bowl of raspberry ice cream down in front of jack . in front of clara she put down a extravagant ice cream sundae . clara grin at she sundae like a little girl . she 's a bit drunk . clara woooow ! she eat , savore the ice cream . jack watch , savore she pleasure . jack how be it ? clara bitchin ' . jack ( amused ) bitchin ' ? clara it 's - come se dice - `slang ' , no ? eco. she scoops a spoonful drip with nut and chocolate sauce and hold it out to jack . jack no thanks . clara come on , eduardo ! he hesitates . he eat . clara it be good , you will agree ? jack ( he mouth full ) I will agree . 83. clara ( sense he teasing ) my English be nice ! jack it 's bitchin' . clara ( defend herself ) you know how to swear in italian ? jack sure. bastardo . imbecile . clara " imbecile ? " eduardo ! try : mangia merde e morte : tuo cazzo un brufolo . jack eat shit and die , pimple dick ? clara hiccup . clara perdone ! jack I guess I have lead a shelter life . of sort . clara Shell -tere ? jack too much work . clara 's cell phone start to ring . it 's on silent , but the screen be flash , just visible where it stick out of she handbag . clara look down at the phone . clara too much work . she turn the phone to silent . and look up at jack . clara I do not apologise , eduardo . jack for what ? clara for this I do . my job . jack never apologise . 84 . he mean it . a beat . clara except this job be full of testa di cazzo . jack mine too . clara lei ? jack si. clara but you be too young to ... pensione ? jack retire . clara si. jack liar . clara no ! jack would you be flatter I if I be not a client ? he 's put clara on the spot . jack be I a client ? clara take a deep breath . clara this say yes . she point at she head . clara this ... she point at she heart . clara this can not be for sale . but I be not want to ... come se dice ? 85 . jack give it away . she look at he . jack study she , search for he own feeling . clara stronzo ! I buy you a present ! she fish about in she handbag ... ... and produce a silver BOX . jack unwrap the shiny paper . Inside be a plastic case like the sort you put engagement ring in . Inside the case be a badge , hand - paint , depict the symbol of the region : the eagle of l'aquila . jack stick the badge in he lapel . jack grazie . a embarrassed beat . clara kiss he . jack grazie , Clara . clara prego. eduardo . a pause . clara my apartment be not far from here . 123 int . clara' apartment - morning 123 jack open he eye . sit up . he 's shocked to have sleep so deeply . clara must be in the shower . he look around at the little room casually , like a curious lover . open the top drawer of the bedside cabinet . find a vibrator . open the bottom drawer . find a red purse . 86 . Inside the red purse ... find a beretta double -action model 21a bobcat . just at that moment clara come out of the bathroom . jack shut the drawer and pretend to be asleep . 124 ext . pay phone - day 124 jack have drive to the remotest phone box he can find : not far from the entrance to one of the region 's four national park : beside a lake , below a mountain range and approach by a long , straight , empty road . no one could possibly creep up on he here . nevertheless , as he talk , jack make he habitual and continuous 360 scan of the area . larry ( v.o. ) we be move the drop . jack where ? larry ( v.o. ) we do not know yet . I will call you ten be on the day with a venue . give you enough time to make the noon delivery . jack I do not deliver , Larry . I never deliver . it 's too dangerous . she come to I . I know the town . that 's what we agree . larry ( v.o. ) I tell `em . I tell `em if there be even the slight chance security have be breach , you would have deal with it immediately . a beat . jack breach ? what breach ? for the first time in the movie we cut to larry at home : 125 int . larry apartment , rome - day 125 larry be sit in a high back leather office chair before a large , imperial mahogany desk . in front of he be two bank of screen . 87 . the first bank display 3 cctv view : ( 1 ) the entrance to he apartment block ( 2 ) a staircase and ( 3 ) the entrance to he apartment itself . another bank of screen show 3 news channel : ( 1 ) CNN , ( 2 ) BBC world and ( 3 ) al jazeera . larry we pretty young belgian client and she associate think someone on you long list of enemy might have put a tail on you . jack ( v.o. ) not possible . larry course not , Jack . but if , for the sake of argument , it be possible - I be think it could be galazzo . or simenov . or italian undercover . jack ( v.o. ) cop ? larry the crooked kind . jack ( v.o. ) how come I be still here ? larry the belgian think they be plan to wait for the drop and exterminate you and mathilde in one swoop . with the help of he desktop computer larry be compare the scrolling share price on CNN with the fluctuate value of the US dollar . jack ( v.o. ) where the hell 's this information come from ? larry I be fuck if I know , Jack . if you want my opinion , they be just be jittery . I tell `em you be the most security conscious professional I know . I tell `em no one get close to you . 126 ext . pay phone - day 126 jack they do not . 88. larry ( v.o. ) I tell `em if we could not trust you to keep a tight lid on operation the who could we trust ? jack they can . they can trust I and so can you . jack be tense . every word be carefully enunciate : jack I have never jeopardise a operation in my life . larry ( v.o. ) you do not have to tell I that , Jack . for Christ 's sake , you close you own girlfriend 's account ... ecu on jack . 127 int . larry apartment , rome - day 127 the word be out before he can stop they . larry Jack ? [ a beat ] Jack ? I be sorry . he rub he eye , weary by he own insensitivity . larry that be , um .... I be just say you can be relied on . silence . larry Jack ? click . 128 ext . pay phone - day 128 jack have hang up . he be lose in fearful think , jaw muscle grind . 129 ext . church , roof - night 129 amongst the gargoyle ... ... jack , look through he miniature binocular . his Pov : 89 . of clara seat in a cafe talk to a slick , tough young italian man in a suit . he be show she photograph . of what - we can not see . clara look very , very serious . the young italian man leave . jack watch he get into a smart black alfa romeo contain two other italian men . Rome plate . when he look back at the cafe , clara have go . 130 int . pensione abruzzo , jack room - day 130 jack open he picnic hamper and in it he put : -a polystyrene cool box pack with ice and contain a chill bottle of aspirinio -a loaf of course bread - two clod of mozarella - 150 gm of proscuitto - and he walther ppk / S. 131 ext . castel del monte - day 131 clara be wait on the via strinella near the entrance to the parco della resistanza , shelter in the shade of a tree . she be hold the red purse . at she foot be blue plastic bag round out by a watermelon . jack pull he car into the curb . clara ciao , eduardo ! she open the passenger door , lean in and kiss jack long and full on the lip . jack put they in the back . we have get a way to go . she put the plastic bag in the trunk . Inside the trunk be the picnic hamper . 132 int . car - day 132 clara climb in and fasten she seat-belt . 90 . she put the red purse between she leg . jack glance at the red purse . and drive . clara where we go ? jack swim . clara how far do we go ? to fanale ? jack a hour . and we be not go to the sea , we be go to the lake . in the mountain . clara for a ... come se dice ... you have in the back ... jack a picnic . clara a pick -nick ! we be go for a pick -nick . just the two of we . she look at he . clara I have practise my English , eduardo . I love to have pick-nick . it be a beautiful day , be not it ? jack it be . 133 ext . alpine road - day 133 the car negotiate a familiar hairpin bend . 134 int . car - day 134 clara be station hopping . she find some lou reed . she love loud reed . jack be concentrate on the road . clara be it more far ? 91 . jack ten kilometre . another twenty minute . she pause to work out the mathematics . she 's smart . and puzzle . but she 's not frighten . not yet . clara twelve kilometre ? in twenty minute ? jack we be go off the beat track . she look confuse . jack lontano . fuori mano . clara laugh . clara you will speak italian . one day , I will teach you . 135 ext . alpine track - day 135 jack turn off the main road and onto a alpine track . this be the same route he take with the belgian woman . the car bump and tilt on the rough terrain . 136 int . car - continuous 136 clara be startle by such a insignificant track . clara where be we go ? now she 's anxious . this be not what she expect . jack you shall see . clara I think it be good we should stay close to the road . jack there 's no need to worry . I have be here before several time . take photograph . he swing the wheel suddenly to avoid a large boulder and the citroen pitch as if strike by a wave . 92 . clara cling to the door with she right hand , she leave hand dig deep into the fabric of the seat to steady herself . jack you be not afraid of come into the wild with I , be you ? clara no ! she laugh tensely . clara of course I be not . not with you . but this ... she snap she finger . clara ... sentiero ! she wave she hand in the air . clara you should have a jeep . a Toyota . it be not good for a ... berlina . it 's as if the increase danger of the track diminish she English . jack this be a citroen ! he strike the steering wheel hard with the palm of he hand . jack this be make by the french for take potato to market . besides , I always come here in this car . clara you sure ? jack of course . I do not want to walk back to town any more than you do . clara I think you be crazy . this will go to nowhere . jack I assure you it do . she pout she reply . the track disappear into a wood and run out altogether , give way to grass . 93. clara now there be no road ! jack stop the car and turn the engine off . sudden silence . clara let go of the seat . clara be this where we go ? they be surround by tree . jack no . not quite . we go another hundred metre , through the wood . but from here we just roll forward . no motor . no sound . and you will see a wonder . she grip the seat again . jack you will not need to hold on . I will go slowly . just relax and look . he ease he foot off the brake and the car begin to move forward , the spring squeaking slightly . after 50 metre jack twist the steering wheel slightly and apply the brake . they roll gradually down to the outer edge of the wood and come to a stop beneath a familiarly squat but ample walnut tree . Beyond they be the lake , the meadow and the ruined hamlet . the hide valley be a riot of colour , the bloom and blossom more brilliant than we have ever see they . by the edge of the lake stand a heron , still as fence post . clara get out of the car , dumbstruck . jack get out too . he watch she ... then swiftly check the ruin hamlet through he miniature binocular . desert . by the time clara turn towards he , the binocular be hide . clara no one come here ? she speak so quietly jack can barely hear she . jack no . clara just you . jack yes . 94 . clara turn away , unbutton she blouse and drop it on the grass . she be wear no bra . on she back dapple the shadow and patch of sun eking through the branch of the walnut . she kick off she shoe , which curve through the air ... and unzip she skirt . it fall to the grass . she bend and step daintily from she knicker . then turn to face jack . jack can not take he eye off she . dizzy , he step forward without meaning to . clara well ? she be coquettish - and toss she auburn hair to one side . clara I be go to swim in the lake . be you come ? she do not wait for he reply , but turn and run through the grass towards the water . jack there be viper ! vipera ! marasso ! clara maybe ! but I be lucky ! the heron fly off , rise from the reed with a ungainly flap . clara ( shouting ) he be a italian bird ! we disturb he siesta ! quickly , jack glance inside the citroen . the red purse be nowhere to be see . clara come , signor farfalla ! jack undress . as he remove he clothes , he stall for time , use the cover of undress to search for the red purse . we can see it wedge under the passenger seat . due to the design of the car , jack cannot . clara come ! jack turn to face the lake . he be naked . yet with the caution of year he do not remove he shoe until he reach the water 's edge . 95 . clara be stand in the middle . clara stand by I . he obey she order . he walk out to she and she take he hand under the water , hold it out in front of they . jack spot it rest on the smooth stone of the lake - bed . brassy and gleam . a spent shell . he cover it with he foot . clara keep still . watch . as the ripple of he arrival peter out in the reed , tiny fish appear in a shoal to gather about they hand . they hover like sliver of glass just under the surface then move in to nibble at the skin on they finger . jack if we stay here for a year , they ' will devour we . clara it be say that if this fish bite at two hand hold , then love be good for the people . he look at she and for a moment he forget the awful plan in he head . she kiss he , press herself against he , she skin and body as pure and warm as the water . he try helplessly to pull away . jack maybe we should ... clara do you make love in the water ? jack I have not . she place she arm around he neck and raise she foot from the smooth stone , wrapping she leg around he waist . she try to push herself onto he but he resist . clara what 's wrong ? he do not know what to say . she look at he : confuse , search . jack let 's eat . 96 . he walk towards the bank . she follow . the tiny fish dart around they for a few moment then flee for the reed , travel with the wave make by they departure . 137 ext . lakeside - day 137 clara be lie naked on a blanket . beside she be the red purse . through sleepy , half - close eye she be watch l'americano . from she Pov , jack be kneel behind the open picnic hamper , unpack the food and wine . the lid of the basket obscure he hand . clara eduardo . jack look at she . clara be this you real name ? a beat . jack be Clara yours ? clara si. yes . she look at he . wait for he reply . jack Edward be my real name . clara ed-ward . she do not believe he . clara you be sure you be not marry , eduardo ? jack quite sure . about this he 's tell the truth . clara reach for the red purse . from behind the picnic hamper lid we hear the click of a cock mechanism . clara hesitates for a moment . 97 . jack watch she intently . she reach into she purse . jack be expressionless . when clara withdraw she right hand she be hold a tube of suntan lotion . a beat . jack watch as she commence smoothing it into she skin , rub it around she breast , push they aside , press they upwards . then she caress the lotion into she belly and down she thigh , bend at the waist as she work it into she shin . clara will you put this on my back ? she proffer he the suntan lotion . jack stare at she baking body , transfix by its terrible and perfect beauty . Hidden behind the lid of the picnic hamper ... ...his tremble right hand grip tightly to he walther . a long pause . clara eduardo ? he 's freeze . clara Amore ? time seem to stop . ecu on jack . suddenly , clara sit up . clara eduardo , what 's wrong ? jack swallow . when he speak he mouth he dry . jack nothing . when he move towards she , he be hold nothing in he hand . 98 . he take the tube of suntan lotion . jack ( v.o. ) dear Father benedetto ... and begin to run it into clara 's back . jack ( v.o. ) I promise myself that I would write to you - as you friend - to say goodbye . 138 ext . wood - day 138 slam ! jack shut the boot of the car . he scan the lakeside . no sign of the picnic . no sign of clara . jack ( v.o. ) everything I have ever do ... then he spot something . on the ground , not far from the car . he walk over and pick it up . it 's one of clara 's shoe . jack ( v.o. ) I have do for a reason . jack be stare at the shoe . jack ( v.o. ) I never think the day would come when I would run out of reason . reason to worry . reason to run . reason to pull the trigger . jack turn and walk over to the car . clara be in the passenger seat . jack ( v.o. ) maybe that day 's come . jack get into the citroen . 99 . jack ( v.o. ) or maybe I have just find a reason to change . and hand clara she shoe . clara grazie , eduardo . jack I still do not understand . what 's the point of a gun if it 's not load ? clara one of the girl borrow it to I after the second hooker in chieti be murder . with some of the client it make I feel safe . I do not tell the police , of course , but ... madonna , eduardo . how they do to this two woman ! a police agente from Rome show I photograph . they show photograph to everyone in via lampedusa . clara shiver with disgust . clara non capito ... how one person hurt another in this way . jack look lose , like a man drain of all resolution . jack do the gun make you feel safer with I ? clara you be not a client . jack then why 's it in you purse ? clara look unhappy . clara I have to work tonight , amore . silence . jack look away . jack ( v.o. ) maybe this be suicide . cop often put the graft on work girl . perhaps the girl I tell you about , Clara , have sell I out . ( more ) 100 . jack ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) maybe she 's a cop herself , or maybe she 's a hire gun . then again , maybe Clara be who she say she be and my belgian client will take the gun , shoot I themselves and keep the money . always a risk in my profession . or perhaps my trust colleague in Rome no longer trust I . perhaps even you , Father , with you connection in naple ... clara what will you do ? jack I guess I will go to work too . clara and after that ? tomorrow and the next day . jack I can not stay here forever . as the word leave he lip he think how much he wish he could . jack ( v.o. ) it 's not that I have give up on life , Father . just the way that I be live it . if you can call it live . clara I want always to stay here . jack it 's time to go home . clara let I come to you home . jack I can not , Clara . one day ... she 's upset but decide not to press she demand . jack ( v.o. ) if I have one request , Father , it would be this . that it 's not Clara who finally pull the trigger . but whoever it be ... clara kiss he and simply say : clara stay forever here . 101 . jack ( v.o. ) ...by this time tomorrow I will be dead . fade to black . fade in : 139 ext / int . church - day 139 a postman hand the mail to father benedetto . father benedetto ciao Fabio , come stai ? IL postino bene grazie , padre . we follow father benedetto inside as he rifle through a bunch of church circular . one letter catch he eye . he open it and start to read aloud : father benedetto dear Father benedetto . I promise myself that I would write to you - as you friend - to say goodbye ... 140 int . jack room - dawn 140 jack stand by the door in a impeccably press suit , the black samsonite briefcase in he hand . he survey he room . all evidence of he existence have be meticulously tidy away . father benedetto ( v.o. ) everything I have ever do ... jack leave . only thing be leave behind : the book of medieval italian art &amp ; architecture on the bedside table . father benedetto ( v.o. ) I have do for a reason . 102 . 141 ext . autostrada - day 141 the sun be shine . the mountain young and sharp and beautiful . the car move swiftly across the viaduct that span a spectacular gorge and plunge into a long tunnel . 142 int . car - continuous 142 jack watch the road . on the long straight he look backwards and forward . 143 ext . service station - day 143 jack come off the autostrada on a slip road and pull into a forecourt consist of several row of Agip and q8 pump , a convenience shop , a repair garage and a cafe . the car park be not large . jack park the citroen face the exit . there be a single bar across it but this be raise . jack double check the magazine in he handgun be full and slip he walther into he jacket pocket . stepping out of the car he look around the car park . it 's only a quarter full and ominously quiet . somewhere in the distance we can hear a sound : creak , creak , creak , creak ... jack take the briefcase from the rear seat and walk away . he make a show of lock the car but do not . as he approach the cafe he pass the garage . we see the source of the creak , creak , creak sound : a sign for engine oil , on hinge , revolve slowly in the breeze . 144 int . autostrada cafe - day 144 empty . jack sit at a table at the back of the cafe . from here he can see both entrance : the public entrance and the service entrance and also the door to the bathroom . through the window , he have a good view of the garage forecourt and the slip road to and from the autostrada . jack place the briefcase on a chair beside he and put a paper bag on the table next to the sugar dispenser . he check he watch . it be two minute before noon . he order a espresso . his nerve-heightened sense take in everything : the sound of the cicadas , the buzz of the neon strip - light and the creak , creak , creak of the engine oil sign outside , endlessly revolve . jack 's eye flick outside to the forecourt . 103 . we hear the cafe door open . and in a instant , mathilde be at he table . she be dress in a tight black skirt , a simple blue blouse and a dark blue jacket . her hair be neatly style , she make - up immaculate and heavier than we have see she wear before . she look exactly like the kind of woman who might carry a samsonite briefcase . mathilde hello . I see you have bring it in from the car with you . she speak quietly : she voice low and attractive . jack all there , as agree . mathilde what 's in the paper bag ? the waitress come over with Jack 's coffee . mathilde order another for herself . jack sweet . for you journey . she open the bag and take out one of the tin . she can immediately feel that it 's heavier than it should be . jack I guess you would have a sweet tooth . mathilde that be most thoughtful of you . the polite phrase sound even more polite with she slight belgian accent . the waitress return with the second espresso and mathilde pay for they both . jack watch as she stir she coffee to cool it . she 's nervous . jack I suppose I will read about this in the Times or the International Herald tribune . or Il maessagiero . for a moment she be pensive . mathilde yes , I expect so . 104 . she drink she coffee , hold she cup in mid-air and look out the window . jack follow she eye-line to check she 's not signal to a accomplice . the forecourt be still empty . creak , creak , creak , creak ... mathilde look at jack . her expression be impossible to read . perhaps it 's tinged with sadness . she drink the rest of she coffee . mathilde I be just go to the lady . wait here . she pick up the case . there be nothing jack can do about this . she have take he off guard and grasp the initiative . all he can do be wait . 145 int . autostrada bathroom - continuous 145 mathilde enter a cubicle , open the case , bypass the stationary , lift the false bottom and check the socimi part be present and correct . then she load a magazine . 146 int . autostrada cafe - day 146 mathilde return from the bathroom . mathilde shall we go . not a question , a command . jack be oblige to stand up . 147 ext . autostrada , car park - day 147 mathilde walk towards a large ford . she be carry the briefcase . jack have he right hand in he jacket pocket . mathilde you will not need you piece . 105 . the slang word bely she . for a instant she have forget she belgian accent . she sound american . jack you never know . she stop beside the ford . jack still have he hand on the walther . mathilde ok ? jack sure . you ? mathilde everything 's just fine . she definitely sound american now . her right hand slip into she pocket . jack twist he wrist upwards and thumb the cock lever . mathilde final payment . she hand jack a envelope . mathilde buy yourself a retirement clock . her american accent show that she 's let she guard down . maybe it 's design to make jack do the same . it do not . jack how do you know I be retire ? she lean forward and kiss he lightly and quickly and on the lip . mathilde have you take you girl up to the meadow yet ? jack do not answer . his whole body be tense for the bullet that he know he come . perhaps there be a second person in the car . just then ... ...a coach pull into the car park . it stop with a hydraulic hiss and dozen of teenage kide descend . 106 . mathilde look both irritate and relieved . mathilde ( whisper to jack ) do it . she get into the driver 's seat of the ford and swing the briefcase into the back . mathilde Goodbye , Mr. Butterfly . jack tense as mathilde raise she hand in farewell . the ford pull away and disappear down the slip road onto the autostrada . jack watch it go . thumb back the lever on he walther . get into he citroen . and open the envelope . - no wire . - no trick . - just a hundre thousand US dollar . jack stare at the money . he be not suppose to be alive . for a while he stay put . he shut he eye in the sunshine and listen to the laughter of the teenage kid . to a girl call : " Amore ! " to the cicadas . to the distant rush of traffic on the autostrada . smash CUT to : 148 ext . autostrada - day 148 jack drive fast ... ... turn off the highway beneath a sign for l'aquila . 149 ext . l'aquila - day 149 at the end a small street , jack park he car like a true italian : illegally . run towards clara' apartment . and ring the buzzer . no answer . 107 . jack ring again . still nothing . shout up at she window : jack clara ! 150 ext . autostrada , cafe - day 150 we be at another roadside service station . larry come out of a kentucky fry Chicken . he climb into the passenger seat of the ford . mathilde drive off . 151 int . ford - day 151 larry be dusting bread crumb off he shirt . he 's about to get he hand dirty and he do not like it . larry not only do you not kill he , you give he my fuck money ? mathilde what else could I do ? there be kid everywhere . besides he 's suspicious . larry he 's paranoid . that 's why I be pay you the gdp of a small country to get close to he . you could have get he in the sack . you should have get he in the car park . now you be go to have to take he out long range ! mathilde I prefer it that way . she be a train assassin . she respects jack . mathilde the socimi be the perfect weapon . larry let 's hope he workmanship be up to scratch . 108 . he slam a full magazine into the butt of a sterling submachine gun . larry Sweden turn Jack into a liability . Three stiff : two shooter and a innocent civilian . I can not afford a mistake like that again . europol be crooked but they be not cheap . Jack 's suppose to make I money . not run up clean bill . mathilde he make short work of the last guy you hire . larry never mind Larson . he do not stand a chance , not against someone as paranoid as Jack . the swede be only there to take Jack 's heat off you . so do not fuck this up again . he grab a tin of fruit sweet . larry mind if I help myself ? larry open the tin to find it full of ammunition . larry shit . he look around the Ford . larry be there any actual candy in this gas guzzler ? 152 ext . autostrada - day 152 jack turn off under the sign for castel del monte . 153 ext . castel del monte , church step - day 153 the town square be jam - pack with car and coaches . hundred of tourist and local have gather on the church step . there be even a camera crew . the church door open and father benedetto step out to a huge cheer . behind he , local men be carry a larger than life paint wooden statue of saint dominic . 109 . draped over the saint 's shoulder and wrap around he neck be around twenty five or thirty live snake - local viperi- each one several foot long and as thick as a skinny forearm . a local band strike up as the statue be carry down the step , father benedetto lead the strange annual religious parade around the town square , follow by a group of altar boy . 154 ext . castel del monte , STREET - day 154 the giant ford pull up outside the town 's only proper HOTEL . mathilde get out carry the samsonite briefcase . 155 ext . castel del monte , town square - day 155 jack be look for someone . the square be so tightly pack it 's hard to see , let alone move . then he spot she . clara . she 's on the other side of the square , stand on the stone step beneath a statue of a eagle . her friend anna be beside she , take photograph of the parade with a small digital camera . jack move towards clara . anna , through she viewfinder , be the first to notice he . she point jack out to clara . clara wave at he . she say something to anna and descend into the crowd . jack and clara squeeze they way through a sea of body towards one another as we cut to ... 156 ext . HOTEL roof - day 156 mathilde emerge through the fire escape door and walk to the edge of the roof . she open the black samsonite case and unpack the top layer of office paraphernalia to reveal the disassembled part of the socimi submachine gun . expertly she assemble the bastardise gun - include telescopic sight and SOUND suppressor - slotting a full magazine into the base of the hand grip , snuggling the butt to she shoulder and place she eye beside the rubber cup on the sight . 157 ext . Pov from telescopic sight - day 157 in the centre of the cross - hair : 110 . jack and clara meet . she kiss he . it be a long and loving kiss . the cross -hair find the centre of jack 's head . 158 insert : 158 mathilde's finger ... take up the trigger slack . 159 ext . telescopic sight - day 159 other head ... - tourist - local - kide on they parent ' shoulder ... keep block we view of jack . 160 insert : 160 the trigger finger , hesitate . 161 ext . town square - day 161 we be right in the midst of the crowd . jack and clara have to shout at one another above the noise of the band . jack when can I see you ? clara I have to work tonight . they happiness cloud over . but the cloud pass quickly . clara you come to my apartment after . jack if I ask you would you come away with I ? clara come away with you ? jack why not ? 111 . clara together ? jack together . clara where ? jack wherever . then when we be through , we could come back here . for good . clara to live ? jack where else ? clara forever ? jack forever . a pause . jack unless you have other plan . clara other plan ? she swear in italian . obscenity . then throw herself around jack and squeeze he with all she strength . there be tear in she eye . clara I love you , signor eduardo farfalla . he look at she . jack I ... 162 insert : 162 the trigger finger squeeze . the socimi submachine fire . a explosive bullet travel down the chamber at approximately 360 mile per hour head straight for jack 's temporal lobe . only it never get there . 112 . the gun jam . a chamber explosion be a nasty thing . instead of shoot out of the barrel , the round explode in the cannon 's chamber . hot shrapnel fragment like a land mine , rip into mathilde 's hand , forearm and face ... 163 ext . castel del monte , town square - day 163 a loud bang pull jack and clara apart . amidst the noise of the festival , no one else seem to notice . jack look in the direction of the HOTEL roof . clara what 's happen ? jack someone get what be come to they . he turn to she : jack go to you apartment and pack . wait `till I get there . do not answer the door to anyone but I . clara eduardo , please ? jack trust I . she look at he . clara I trust you . she want to , but she do not . jack Clara . my name be not eduardo . clara no ? jack my name be Jack . clara Jack . she look worried . 113. clara you promise you be not marry ? jack I promise . take this . he hand she a envelope . it contain he final instalment . jack look after it . in case . clara ( perplex ) in case ? he want to say it but he can not bring himself to . in case this be goodbye . jack now go . 164 ext . STREET - day 164 larry be wait on the corner of the town square . he be dialling and re-dialling a number in he mobile phone , scan the crowd around he . in the two second it take the taxi to pass by , jack step free of a row car on the other side of the street . as larry come into view again , jack see the sterling submachine gun in he hand . and larry see jack . larry finger tighten on the trigger . l'americano throw himself to one side . there be a quick burst of pop explosion : rip along the line of park car . panic erupt . jack be about to fire back at larry but larry take cover behind a tourist and fire back another brief burst . jack be hit in the shoulder . he drop he gun ... ... and retrieve it just as larry fire again . scream spread through the holiday crowd like a wave of fire move down the street and spilling into the town square . 114 . 165 ext . town square - day 165 jack run into the square . larry pursue he , fire for a third time . the buzz of spend round and the crack of muzzle fire echo around the square , bounce off the wall and confusing the crowd . people start to run in different direction - everyone head for the maze of alley that surround the main square . altar boy scatter . so do the local men carry the statue of saint dominic . the statue tumble and smashes . escape snake writhe . father benedetto take cover . the two local carabinieri in they land Rover get catch up in the chaos . confused , they turn on they siren . larry spot jack in the crowd and fire a fourth time . one tourist be kill outright , another injure jack dive for cover behind the statue of the eagle where he spot Clara . bullet ricochet . larry you be too old for this life , Jack . larry struggle for breath as he reload . this be jack 's chance . larry you get sentimental then you fuck thing up . Rolling along the step to the statue of the eagle , jack spread he leg , face larry and fire the customary two precision -engineered shot that make up a military - style execution : the first shot hit larry in the heart . larry be throw backwards against a park car , accidentally alter he arc of fire as slug bounce off the step beside jack , chip of marble sting against he calve . again , jack take aim . a beat as he finger tighten on the trigger . headshot . half larry face be wipe out of existence . what 's leave of he slide down the park car onto both knee . his hand flash to he mangle throat then drop . he fall forward and he sterling clatter on the cobble stone . 115 . complete silence . not even the sound of a siren . the town square be empty . except for father benedetto hide in the wreckage of the break statue . Jack 's walther hang ominously by he side . father benedetto stand unsteadily . like lighten jack spin , instinctively raise he walther and zeroing in on father benedetto . his face be devoid of all emotion . he be a bloody machine look at a potential target . we hear siren . across a slew of dead body , jack keep the gun point at father benedetto . father benedetto stand stock still , face jack . the siren get louder . jack what will you tell they ? a beat . father benedetto take something from inside he soutane . and hold it up with a tremble hand . jack letter . father benedetto I will they that the man who write this letter be my friend . father benedetto smile sadly . father benedetto Jack . father benedetto shut he eye , mutter a quiet prayer . the siren get closer . we hear carabinieri screeching to a halt and clamber out of they car , cock submachine gun . when father benedetto open he eye again ... ... jack have disappear . 116 . 166 ext . castel del monte - day 166 use he meticulous knowledge of the alleyway and lane that make up the medieval heart of the town , jack avoid the carabinieri and , steal a bicycle , make it onto the main road before a road block have be set up . 167 ext . l'aquila , coach station , left luggage - day 167 jack collect a sport bag from a locker . 168 ext . l'aquila , coach station , bathroom - day 168 jack wash the blood from he hand . 169 ext . l'aquila , coach station , MAIN hall - day 169 when he emerge from the bathroom jack be wear the clothes of a fifty year - old american tourist from the mid - West with glass and a baseball cap . he check the time of next bus to Rome . then glance at he watch . he have thirty minute . 170 ext . l'aquila , STREET - day 170 jack walk towards Clara 's apartment build . two hundred metre up ahead , two officer of the guardia di finanza wait in a unmark car . jack walk past Clara 's apartment build . and keep walk . 171 ext . l'aquila , coach station - day 171 the bus for Rome be barely half - full . blend in perfectly with a group of middle age american tourist , jack board the step , purchase a ticket and take a seat at the rear . 172 ext . autostrada - day 172 a long tunnel : one of the longest in Europe . jack alone at the back of the bus . 117 . it seem like night : red stripe , strip light , shadow . vast fan suspend from the ceiling shift the traffic fume . a button of light , expand ... ... as we burst into daylight . the end .