TEXAS chainsaw massacre leatherface by ' Kim henkel a tobe hoopér leataerpace extzrior day there be no sound . the sun be larger than the frame and white hot . a' long , golden arc sweep across the upper right hand corner ; it be the explosive , gaseous profile of the sun . there 1s a burst of lisht and a liquid rooe of moltent gas arc into space and then slowly , . heavily fall back to the sum the yellow - white sun nearly fill the frame . there be a low , crackle nolse . the sun begin to disolve and to become a eye , the purple slaze eye of a dead dog .. fly swarm tne stare eye and the crackle nolse become the buzzing of the fly . in the extreme foreground and to the right of center be tne long dead and putrid carcass of a dog . the lower jaw , nearly rip from the head , hang wildly aakew . the belly be a live , writhe mass of grey maggot ; : fly swarm the purple , glaze eye ... the sercass lie some foot from the shoulder of a narror , ehuckhole two lane nlghwey .. it - 1is ulday and midsummer and the brutal southwestern sun blast the dusty , . chock landscape . the air be sttil and neavy .. in the background be the out of focus trage of a van .. begin credit and title over background noise be tae sound of a radio be tune .. tidbit of a variety of news program , music and 's commercail be hear . the news prosram detail a unusual number of natural disaster . phanklin ( voice over ) do you feél my rib ? . , sally ( voice over ) yes . I could not feel anything . pam ( voice over ) we be all just victin of the tine . the focus of the camera begin to change and as lt _ change a white .van parte on the road shoulddr in cont .. ~ 3. go .. the background become distinct . ' pranklin ( voice over ) " hers ..e . put you finger nere . ' before the camera have complete its change of focus : the gide door of the van open and kirk , a handsome , , well build - yomg man leap out , turng to - face the | interlor of the van and begin struggle to remove . two long board . he igs assist by a auburn hatred girl , Pam , who remain inside the van . the thin silvery tinckle of tiny bell come from the interior of the van . kirk ( voice over ) h you old chair could use a bandeaid too , franklin ( voice over ) there you feel that space . ! : jerry ( voice over ) what 's shat suppose to mean ? the god : be against we . spam ( voice . over ) no . it 's because saturn 's in retrograde . jerry ( voice over ) we be star cross . be that 1t ? pranklin ( voice over ) owiwine . there . you feel that space ? eo a young man , Jerry , .can be sean behind the wheel of the van and opposite he and nearer the camera be seat a beautiful blond girl , Sally . kirk have make a makeshift ramp of the two beard . pranklin , , a young man in a wheelchair , appear at the door of the van . he 1s assist by the auburn haire girl , Pam who wear a bracelet from which dangle tiny silvery tell . kirk also assist and together they manuever Franklin dow the sagging ramp to the ground .. kirk wheel Franklin around tne comer of the van and away from the highway . 's Pam sit in the doorway of she van . CUT Tor 1 . | the far side of the van ;- Franklin and kirk walk into | frame from tne highway side of the van . | '' cont . ( J 2 cont . sally ( voice over ) nooese it feel 0.k. to I .. pam ( voice over ) not exactly . kirk ( voice over ) ( teasing ) you ask . for it . jerry ( voice over ) so what 's retrograde ? pam ( voicz over ) well ... I do not know if T can explain 2t . I think ... kirk ( voice over ) do not believe it . pam ( voice over , cont : . ) teleit 's like when onesese . Beyond the shoulder of . the road be a steep , rocky hillside . kirk wheel Franklin down . the hill a few yard and stop just beyond a clump or gnarled cedare he then turn and heada for the van . pranklin wriggle forward in he chair , wnzip he trousers and relieve himself on the greund in front of the chair , . pam ( voice over , cont.. ) «ee planet pass another one -- it would have to be go faster , I guess , or be closer to the sun= - and its orbitecss franklin ( voice over ) 7 do not believe in that stuff ... sally ( voice over ) you dont believe in anything . Pam ( voice over , cont ... ) eosis elleptical so lttseeee - jersy ( voice over ) you should not . krik ( voice over ) nobody ever tell frankln the moon affect . the tide . cont .. '' 2 cont . pam ( voice over ) ee go away from youse jerry ( voice over ) ( teasing ) ah ! I hear the loony really get arazy when there 's a full moon . ( to Pam ) sorry . go ahead , : sally ( voice . over ) do they really . that 's funny . there be a distant rumbling and then a giant diesel , two traller in tandem , top the crest of the nearest hill . the diesel roar past the windblast rock the vane kirk , approach the van , be buffete by the blast . . pranklin allilisececece ! stop credit and title _cut tos down the slope praniclin careen out of control . CUT to : kirk , Pam , Jerry and Sally react . to pranklin 's delina . CUT to : pranklin slide and bounce over the loose , snifting , , rough earth , rush neadlo in a fash of roalky debris down the slope . cluup like bearded head of sere buffalo grass . smash the wheel rear and toss the rush chair : stunt spiny , sgrowths , hairy claw cedar and serubby , gnarled oak rip and tear at he as ~ he hurtle past . se haul desperately on the hand brake to no avail , , take the hot rubher wheel in he hand and be nearly throw from she chair the flesh burn from he palm . twoard the botton of the hill the slope drop in snort . sten from rocky table to taole . Franklin reach the first step and be launch into the air . fe land with 'a terrific crash some tem foot beyond and nearly upon the next step . the table be strewm with rough and break plate of rack and as hs 1g upon she next step the ohalr bounce over a large loose plate and topple as they become airbourne . Franklin crash heavily to the ground and slide to : a helt against the gnarled scrubby stump of a ancient cedar . the chair lean the cable and orash on the rock at the wase of the slope . cont . 2 cont , Franklin lie motlonless crumplei against . the tree stunpe CUT tos Pam and Sally be huddle anxiously close together beside the van ; kirk and Jerry leap down the slope . CUT to : there 1s a low moan from pranklin .. franklin owmwiiw one frail arm begin to creep forward . thin talon like finger oluton atza rocky extrusion , , tighsen , the arm strain and Franklin drag he useless leg slowly forward .. cur to : exterior day the van to pass through a ameall tow . the tow have apparently see better day . much of the business district 1s board up and a number of the residence be seemingly vacant . : the tuning of the radio continue . continue ' credit and title over . 4& tnpertor day van the van be a camival of junk ; : it 1s litter with camp and sking gear , ite wall erudely spray with polyurethane foam . Jerry , .2 young man , 25 , with short curly red hair , arive , Sally ts seat enposite he but have twisted in she seat and face the rear of the van where franilin be seat in he wheel chair directly behind Jerry . pranklin toy with a cheap switchblade imife . kirk 14 seat on the floor opposite Franklin . Pam ts in the rear but . lean over the front seat . talk to Jerry ... pak ( cont . ) : well , , saturn look like it 's go baciward wnon the other planet start catch un .. cont .. % cont . franklin ( of gaily ) heyt this 14 newt . sally newt ? jerry : ( he be bait Pam ) it *g in retrograde when it look like its go tackward . but it 's not really . yeah , I get it .. franklin : grandpa 's old house be not far from here . pam 'i alright . listen . ( she piol up a book and read from it . ) " the condition of retrogradation ...: sally oh , let *s go by and see it ! Pam ( cont . ) *.eeis contrary or inharmonoug to the regular direction of actual movement in the zodiacess . kirk you guy do not know when to quit . franklin yeaht paw ( cont . ) " , eeand be in that respect evil . '' uh ... " when malefic planet be in retrograde ... " saturn be malefic , '' , setheir malefic 1s increase . " jerry what 's malefio ? pam that mean they cause vad thing to happen . saturn 's a-be influence anytine but especailly now '' cause it 's in retrograde . sally serrye.e ? jerry { to kirk ) hey , .man , you believe all this stuff you old lady 's tell I ? krik | T do not kmow , you get a better reason ? . sally : tarity e207 ? pam ! I do not say it necessarily cause at . it just - happen that way . nothing go right when saturn 's in retrograde . | sally I and Franklin want to go by we grandfather 's old house . it near here .. pranklin pull he shirtcollar away from he throat then wipe he oily face with he shirtail . ' pranklin ugh . it 's hot . it 's make I crazy . pam how can you explain everything golng wrong . not just on thing or @ coup ; e - of thing , everything . jerry { to Sally , teasing ) you do not want to do that . end credit and title exterior day :- graveyard Close up of hand and forearm of sneet sover body . the bodyr have evidently not be dead for long as the flesh , though grey and bloat , , have not yet begin to decay and the burial clothing be in good . condition . the focus change : : the hand and forearm go soft and the background cone in sharp . there be a great deal of activity , noise and confusion in the graveyard .. uniform sheriff deputy scuttle back and forth ; : laborer - be at work over several of the grave , .. a - crowd of local have gather at the entrance to she graveyard . several dozen car be park on elther side of the highway border the sraveyari.. a uniform denuty stand at the entry and wave slow move gawlk traveler dow the highway and restrain sourioug local and persistant news peovle . cur to : a group of local have gather around @ batter pickup } park on she shoulder of the highway . a woman be in the '' cont ... qo -6 cont . cab of the pickup : she cradle a fitfull infant in she arus , . small child rum shouting in and out of the group gather around the pickup . in the trusk bed there be a washtub full of beer and ice . at the fring of the group be several woman ; - they rarely speak and wake themselves as inconspicuous es possible . the man include a burly middleage red face tan , & young 'man , about 35 , wear western clothin , . @ swarthy dark haire man with a prominent stomach , several teenage boy , and one very old man who squat beside a car park beside the piciup . 3eer be much in evidence . noise from the . other element of the orow , can be hear , cur to : cleegsup of swarthy , beer belly man open : longneck bottle of shiner beer on cah . of piciun .. CUT tos ; - cut to closeup of pook mark man gesture with stogie . : red : T would not give you jjaokshit for ever one o* they turd .. ( he hitches up he sagging kaki trousers ) and do not give I none of that . civil rignts crap .. Civil rights ny asse . they sombitcne : sit up there in Washington be not never seem the kind of scum they get in a county jail . cur to : closeup of young man in western clothess . ~ cow Boy Hell , Jack , . you mow I , I be not get no time for they fat ass lawyer . CUT to : tights shot ofentire group . red T know you do not . I kmow you daddy and he wipped you butt when you need it . aintt that right . cow boy you be right . red godamn right I be right .. cont .. 6 conte . ey Beer belly i I can remember my daddy take a stick to my - young : ass a time or two myself . do not hurt oe nonee done you good . old man they ' 's some you can not never do nothin’ with ‘em . a thin , leathery skinned , . middle age ' man join the group . | . ! thin man they do find two more empty srave .. ( shake head in righteous disgust ) | must be somebody escape from the state nospital .. | : thin man they say it 's get to be somebody from this parta . they jast take body be not be in the ground more than a day or two near as they can figure ... woman ( ) Mrs. calpepper say she see some light move to around out - here not more than a week ago .. old : kan _ it do not come as no surprise to née . red wheat be you talk about old man ? . old han they 's just : some thing happen 's in my time not many can tell about .. 7 + eatsrtor day : van on higeway the van approach the graveyard . : 8 interior day : van on highway . . sally watt ( look ahead to graveyard ) Franklin wheel around to face forward ... conte . ne 10 8 gont 3s franklin hey ! slow down .. stop . I think this be - where grandpa 's bury . ( to gaily ) be not that the place . . sally tz think se ! they nave slowed almost to a stop and be now before the entranoe to the graveyard . ask he what happen . ( refer to the deputy guard the entry ) . jerry hey , what happen ? deputy ( wave then on . ) move on . move on . 9 . exterior day : graveyard entry ! ) franklin . , , the deputy wave they on and they pull away . , | '' 10 interior day : : van bspore graveyargn : ' franklin pull. over . pull over there .. let 's find out what 's go on . the van move slowly up the highway wmtil it come abreast the group of ' local which include the pock face man .. Franklin orane he -head out the window and yell to they . : franklin what. happen ? 11 exterior dav : graveyard : the local look at the traveler .. i : cowboy be somebody break into some grave . teenager . : they steal some body .. ' 12 ° oyp to : sxperior da¥ : Van | the van have stop on the shoulder of the road , . Pan and Sally watch as kirk and Jerry wheel franilin down the makeshift rampe . | co 13 - Al cont . exterior day : gravezard ' I '' Sally , Jerry , kirk , Pam and pranklin join the group of local . there follon various shot of introduction , , exohange * of information . : pranklin what happen ? my grandfather 's bury here . . gould we find out if anything happen to he ... red what 's you grandaddy 's name . besr belly direct Franklin to the deputy who guard the entrance to the graveyard . : belly . ' you. see that old boy stand up . there with 1 the flashlight . that 's the sherriff . you just '' tell he your-grandaddy 's bury hers . . the cowboy speak to jérry . he be very much take with Sally and volunteer to direct she to the sheriff . he take Sally by the arm and lead she through the crowd . cowboy > say , , fellow , I be go to gun off with you girl eminute . you do not mind doyou . ( he smile patronizingly and clap Jerry on the shoulder . ) the cowboy have Sally by the arm and be pull she through the crowd ... he call the deputy guard the entry as he movesz . cowboy Bill . hey , , Bill . over here ... he speak to individual in the sorowd as they pass . cowsor let. I through . this girl : ¢crandaddy ' 's bury here Sally be . braless and she breast boumee enticingly beneath the thin fabric of she teshirt . : two teen age boy sit on top ofthe cab of a old truck watvh she - and grin stlly , . adolescent grin at one another ... that person in the crowd nearest to the graveyard cover they nose and uouthes with nandkeroniefse the oder of the exhume body be very strong . ne 12 13 conte . | . - —~ frentlin wheel through tne crowd toward the sheriff . € < he have some difficulty . the terrain be rough , the crowd po dense and he chair badly damage . ' occasional tidbit of conversation be clear above the general clamor of the crowd . . : crowd ... they do find more than one that 's miss .. sheriff sey it - must have be go on a : long time . : Old Bill shore 4s ripe and not dead a week .. you hear that .. they just tore the head off and leave the rest to rot , . get any idea who do it . why in hell would anybody want to rob a poor mans. gravee . there 4s a bar ditch between the group of local and the deputy . pranilin let himself down tha incline and then can not make it . up the far side .. a Ze spend the entire gcene struggle to climb out of the bar diteh and call for assistance . he 1s unheard or ignore . . go sélly and the cowboy talk with the deputy sheriff .. Jerry , kirk and Pam remain with the group of local .. they lean against a car park opposite the batter pickup . the red face man be speak . kirk nurse . a heer give he by the local . gont . } ' ' ; } | i — 13 cont .. 13 red he ’d'done change the tire and wae about to throw the flat up in he truck when this guy come out of the graveyard drasge a body . must have be in . there all tne time and do not even know clyde be there .. dam near step on he . lett out a squeal 's like a bitch hog in heat . a large , .hairy bear like man guffaw and begin to do he best to imitate a pig squealing . this continue through the next several lliness . red ( cont . } Hell it scared the live piss out of clyde ... he do not know what happen .. - Beer belly Hell , he think somebody 'a be murder ... laughter from the sroup .. laughter : tain nan the hell of tt wag 1t 's he own brother ... dad not : be bury a week ... teenager sald he do a@ hundred between here and town . second . teenager that old truck of his«bde luol to do > fatty ona good day . Pan he do not mow 1t be . he brother . . rsd Heil , . tf he have not be point in the right direction he would 'a wound up in nexico before he know the difference . ° Sally and the cowboy continue talk so the deputy . pranklin be still trap im the bar diten . Pam , kirk and Jerry remain with the local . go .. 5 i 4 ; | 18 43 cont . old man eeething happen heresbout they do not never tell about . I see thing . . . Beer belly do not let thatold man scare you . old man you. see . they just say it 's be old man talk .. pock grin - and lift he ' beer bottle in a toast to kirk ; : kiri smile . and return the toast . old han . you laugh at a old man . they ’s=them that * laugh and imow better . pam I believe you , . 14 % exterior day : van on highway the van movea down the same narrow highway .. Jerry and 's sdlly be up front .. xirk , Pam and pranklin be in the rear . . : jerry you grandfather 's a vampire . that 's : what it ia . the. van cough , sputter and lag . kirk . ( to Jerry ) . we be go to have to fix 's that , .man , it 's get worse . sally he be not . he 's still there ... jerry het the king vampire . Ze do not ever have to do anything . the other vampire bring nim blood ... sally ( cough ) what 's that ? cont .. 15 14 cont . cy jerry a . ( cough , gasp . ) i. don '' tt. kmowe | | PA | what be that ? : | : pranklin | hey , . that 's that old slaughterhouse . grandpa | - Jerry and Sally rell up they window as quickly as possible . use to sell he cattle there . kirk look at that . ( point ahead ) 15 exterior day :- slaugaterhousz they come abreast of huge pen . cattle cover the hill like a@ brown plague . they be so tightly pack and the yard so pest thatnothing but the red brown smear of they color can @ geen . franklin we have a uncle that work at one of this place just outside of Houston . look at that . i aos . building . that 's where then kill they . he be '' ch the guy that kill they .. they even call he the killer . they use to bash they in the head with @ sledgece sally ugh . I would . hate to work in a place like that . kqbk it 's probably the only place around here people can work .. . franklin ( conte ) - oe - hammer 'or something like that . half ths time it would not ill they the first time and they would start squealing and freaking out and the guy would have to whack they two or three time and then they would skin they sometimes even before they be ddad . > 16 interior van pah . that 's horrible . se sally ( shudders} '' ugh . cont .. 16 16 cont . pam people should not rill other animal for food . pranklin they do not do it like thatanynore .. they have this : big air gun saing that shoot a bolt into they skull and then retract . ( he aim a imaginary gun ) bam , , bam , ban . sally it like meat .. I just do not like to think about that place . , pam Sally ! that 's. terrible . they're : sti1l kill they ; just teoause you do not have to see . pranklin mop he face wita he shirtail . franklin } ' it 's hot .. ' they be approach the main entrance to the slaughterhouse .. ' tiere. be a large sign with the name of the slaughterhouse in . large block letter . seyond she entry there 1s a lone figure ' stand on the shoulder of the highway . hear the approach van he turn to face it and stick out he thumb . io os sally hitchiker , _ jerry want . to pick nim up ? kirk yeah . pick he up . he 'ill asphyxiate out there . pal what do he look like ? : franklin to hell with the son of a bitenh . he 's go to smell like tnat slaughterhouse . sallx ~ : he 's~kind of wlert 's look . ( enthustastiorlly ) let 's pick he up . _ jerry what do you want to do ? Pam look at the hitchiker / of 's , cont ... d 7 on 17 cont . : - pam he be weird look . . kirkdecs kirk pick he up . Jerry begin to deaccelergte .. - pah evodo not pick he up . ( to Jerry ) do not stop . do not stop . exterior day : eighway ' they be almost beside the hitchixer and the van have slowed and begin to veer to the shoulder of the road . the nitchiker assume that they be stop and run toward the van , . bulg gunny sack tie to he belt bang against he leg : as he run .. Jerry accelerate again but the van coug , . sputter and lag .. _ interior day :- van kirk aw , pick hin up . Jerry swerve off the highway and stop the van . : pam to do not think we should pick he up ... jerry relaz , , Pam , we 'ill beat he up if he try to get you . feanklin the son of a bitch 1s go to stink . up ' the van . . . sally it 's be a bad day for you have not it . poor Franklin . franklin awee . kirk open the side door to admit the hitchiker .. the hitohiker enter the van and seat himself quickly on the mattress , kirk close the door and sit down on the floor beside Pan , cont ... i 18 cont . kirk let 's go . the van take 's off sputtering and cough . the hitchiker be a strange look man . de be young , . perhaps 25 , . slender and fair complect , dis nair be carrot solore , . fine and curly and cling tight to he bony skull .. his fine bone face be marre by a strange discoloration which begin just below the right nostril | and rim , increase in breath , dow the side of he face , . under he shin to he throat where 1 % disappear beneath hie kaki shir collar .. de eye , .one of which 1s almost cover with a thick , . milky cataract , have a strange unfocus : look about they .. dia face and * arm be cover with ' a : mumber of small scabby sore . he wear : fade * blue jeans tuck into anaient combat bhoot ; : a batter old ' polaroid 1 flash camera hang from a leather thong around : he - neck , , a‘strangely bulg gumny sack be tie at he waist and 's drag behind he . he be a bit breathless from he mn , | pranklin do not give he a chanoe to recover . : franklin you get . off on the smell of all that blood , man ? the hitchixer look at Franklin in a vague way but do not : respond for a long monent . hitcriker it 's a good smell . oh , , I do not like it . franklin . - I think we just pick up dracula . Pam do not look at the . hitohiker directly ; she still feel the edze of the panic which earlier touch she .. kirk . where you nead , . man ? * aitchtser : South , franklin you could have fool I . I think we be head due north .. cont . - | . : — _ — 1 18 «cont . 3 the hitchiker turn he fuzzy stare on Franklin but do 's not . respond . . kirk eerhad 'a little accldent -- still do not know where he be .- franklin you work at that place ? hitchike2 : noe . . sally how do you get stick way out here ? hitceike2 I be at the slaughterhouse . , franklin | I have a umole that work at a slaughterhousa . ' hitchix&2 my brother - work there , . mny grandfather .... my family 's always be in meat .. sally . do not. start talk about thatplace again .. franklin . ay whole family of ! draculas .. dey , .man , . di@ you go ' into the slaughter room or whatever : they call it .. the place where they shoot the. cattle with the : air gun .. hitchtker yes , .1t 's nice , out the gue 's franklin I be there once with my uncle .. hitchiker eect not goad . the old way , with the sledge , 1s better ; they die better .. pam ( to pranklin ) you like talk about morbld thing . franklin how come ? I think . the gun be better . hitc2iker no , , I like the old way better .. a lot. of people do not have work now with the new way .. cont .. 18 cont .. . kirk you use to do that ? . franklin you do that , , man ? eitchiker yes .. I be the killer . ' I do not do it anymore .. franklin how come , man ? pah ( aside to kirk ) tica not . believe he do that .. eitchiker now I be a artist .. with the gun and knock box they do not nead be anymore , sally . you be ansartist ? Pam ! g- be artist too .. she 's : really good .. pranklin heyy ove 's hitchiker yase . I dontt like it now . with thegun itt no salle be you a painter or what ? tl '' mow . this | epazy -artist . he never mow what he 's do . . hitcsixer I work with leather , I be a soulptor too , franklin eey , , man , , I be in ' there . they have ' blood about up coecse sally : ( laugh ) oh . I need 'one of that hammer ( motion ag be chisle at Jerry 's head ) for Jerry ; ; he 's so nandhead .. franklin eosyour ankle cover . this giant room . there : be this big cow head they have cut off stick up out - of the blood . hitchizer it 's that way nowe .. you likedit ? | ) ee eee 1 1 i 18 cont . franklin : : sure . lot of blood and gut . they dump all the entral and nesad and ... 's - the hitchiker reach inta he shirt and pull out a sheat of yellow polaroid shapshot . a large pouch make of two cow earsccrudely sewn together and sling sroumd he neck with a leather thong fall out of he shirtfront .. Ze hand the photograph proudly to Franklin . ' franklin eowand stuff they do not use in one place and sell it . to the glue factory or someplace like that .. ritchiker . here . pranklin take the phote .. ritchiker they do not send the head away . franklin ( look at photo ) t : sally 's let-me see . hitcaiker franklin you take . this , . huh ? . hitchiker yes . you like then ? they makeeee sally * Franklin .... ( she fidget . to look at : '' pleture ) ~ Franklin shake he head in wonder . hitcsiker they make head cheese .. except for the tongue they boil the head and scrape the tone clean of flesh .. all the part ' be use ; nothing be waste , . the jowel , . tne eye , even the muscle : sally ugh hitchiker eevand ligament and the fleshy part from . the nose and gun .. tiez put everything into a jelly of fataecce ~ el | . eogaté , fleshy . part - from the nose ande 's 's 18 cont . . 22 pranxlin look at this . | ( cy he wave : the snapshot in dam face . ° | ritchiker | 19 stili szor there - be a shot of the slaughter room ankle deep in blood ; ; - the severe head of cattle be scattered about the room . another show the killer with the alr gun fire a slug into a squealing steer and still another show a room line with beef halve - hang on meat hook , ~ 20 int. Van Pam wavess the photo away .. pam ugh .'. you be make I sick . why do youlilce kill so much , Franklin show photo to Sally . hitcaiker ooezumse . they put everything intea jelly of fatsese pranklin '' wow , idid not know that 's what 's in that stuff .. bitc2iker it 's very good .. you like its . sally ughe . I do not see how anybody could eat that juke . returns photo the Franklin : franklin oh , , I like 1t . it 's good ..- Franklin return the photoes to the hitchiker . pak it soumd horrible .. talk about something else . franklin aw , you would probably like it if you do not know what be in it .. pam no I would not and it wish you would quite : franklin awe 'eo ! cont . 23 20 '' '' cont .. ° kirk come on , , Franklin , you be make everybody sick .. franklin . o.kom o0 ke . Franklin be - disappointed and sit glumly for a while .. the other be silent .. after a time Franklin bring ' out he switchblade and begin toy with tt . the paltchiter - watch with interest .. Franklin gradually work himself into a frenzy . : the hitchiker become more andmore - alert as he watch pranklin he begin to grind he tooth audinly .. Pam notice - and call : kirk attention to it ; he shrug . theres be snough engine noise : that Jerry and Sally do not hear . on one or two occasion it seem as if the hitehiker be go to reach for the knife but he visibly restrain himself , . jerry wear go to have to stop for gas fairly goon . . hitceiker there be a place not far .. jerry good enough .. the conversation interrupt Franklin and he momentarily slacken he fren , ied toy with the. switchdlade . the nitechiker suddenly and deftly take the switchblade from he hand . Pam gasps3 : kirk watch warily but in silence . . the hitehiker ts oblivious to then .. Jerry and Sally be - unaware of the situation .. Franklin , . startle , watch with intense curiosity .. the hitohiker examine the knife carefully , close its blade , further examine the fnife , . press -it spring button and the blade spring open , examine '' it still further and then very slowly and deliverately put the blade against the fleshy part of he hand ' below the thumb and seem about to test its sharpness but instead press the blade deliberately ; inte he flesh .. Franklin 1s awed , , . Pam horrify and kirk disgust . pam what be you do ? kirk put that imife away .. selly turn to - see the cause of the commotion ; Jerry turn back . briefly then return to he drivin , . glance periodacally into the rearview mirror . conte . . - . . ° fy 20 . 21 22 24 go .. the hitchixer - look at kirk briefly , then wipe - the knife . on he sleeve , , fold the blade away and return it to pranklin . Franklin take the knife in reverent silence .. sally what do you do to yourself ... the hitehiker put he hand ' into he mout and bite dowr on the wound . sally ugh . how can you do that ? the hitchiker pull a trouser leg from he boot and reach into the taghtly lace boot and come out with a ancient , rusted straight razor . pam { aside to kini ) this ls make I sick . can not we let he off somewhere ? - hitchiker ihave this imife kirk you can put that away too .. ettchiker yes7its a good kmife .. he flip the blade open , , examine it briefly , then return it quistly to hig boot .. exterior day : van on highway the landscape be gradually chansin .. it 15 less rocky . between the hill be small valley with deep black soll : some be under cultivation .. the hillside be timbere and the tree be denser ; , taller and the uwidergrowth be green , thick and tangle .. interior day : van on highway the hitchiker vague stare 1s fix on Sally . he stare , unwaveringly for a uncomfortably Long tine .. pranklin , , in turn , be stare at the hitchiker .. after atime Franklin realize that the hitchiker be stare at Sally and 's not : cont .. 25 .22 cont .. turn to look at ‘her . Sally , . sense the stare : or catch the : a movemen of franklin head , turn , see the hitchiker : stare end 7 | smile uncomfortably . : eitchtker , this girl be you wife . Jerry 1g maware the hitchiker ts speak to hin . terrye 's'se ' Pat , | jerry ohe unseijeno . my friend ... my girlfriend . hitchiker that 's good.e . she 's a good girl . Sally 13 a little startle , a bit embarass .. sally 4 : | | thank you . | hitchiker , | ( to Pam ) | youtre a nice girl too .. | Pam laugh nervously . pam thanks .'s . 's ' you be a nice guy . : franklin be all nice .. hitchi '' er yes .. you be all nice . ( to Franklin ) but you be too thin . : franklin what difference do that make .. he be upset and begin to toy with he switchblade ... cont .. 26 franklin ~ it 's hot in here .. where do you come from ? : praneldig . : weebeen to Colorado , . New Mexico .. kind ofa vacation , look for land ' too .. neteeee | ) a , hi } ( to Franklin ) | . | | : kirk . 5 do a little site . : oe hutchtker - | T mean where do you live ? ' - | oh , '.houston . . we 'rs all from Houston , 's ! hitchixer you parent live there too ? | , _ franklin C what ? oh , yeah .. } ' | aitchiker aud this girl . ( he node toward Sally . ) : : - franklin what about Sally ? : sally ' what ? waat about I ? : hitchiker where be you parent ? - sally where be ny " . parent ? hitcriker 1 yese . . sally . ( laugh ) what kind of question 1s that ? where be ay parentse Zow should I know ? ky mother 's probably ' conte . 27 22 cent. oy . woo sally | ° ( cont . ) eeeabout half drumk on martinis and my father 's : probably play golf .. where be : yours ? | | ET tozte=r | : I mean where do they live ? pam ) ( aside to kirk ) | what do he want to know all that stuff for ? we do not even imow he . how shauld I know ? : sally oh , ohee . where do they live . in Houston . they live im Houston ... why ? attchiker do they kmow you be come to Houston ? jebrl whe tell you we be go to Zouston ? ( co hi tcdizer ky ( indicate Franklin ) this man .. pan ( &side to kirk ) let 's tell nim we can not take he any further when we stop for gase . eitchixer my home be close to this road . you could take - I there . Pan give kirk a furtive warning nudge . kirk . Bell , man , . it do not imow , we be in pretty much of a hurry .. dow far be 1 % from the highwe ; 's .: at tciiker oh , its vary close .. sally could not you just walk , . T mean if it 's 90 c1los@ . 64 . conte . 22 gont 28 d —. - ( shrug ) j ; you could have supper with we . ( to pranitlin ) .. i | you like head cneese .. iiy brother make it good .. he always have some . - sally not that stuff you be talk about a while '' agce ushe . kirk : I think we better- push on , san .. sorry . the hitchiker shrug sullenly and be silent for a moment ~ then he turn to Franklin who be absently toy with . he - switetiblade , raise he batter canera and foouseg on Franklin . there 1s a flash of light as one of ths ancient flash bulb pop .. Franklin look up startle , , see : the camera and smily . Sally turn to see what ls go on and Jerry . glance in the rearview mirror , . kirk and Pam watch a little startle .. franklin you take mu picture , aitchiner in yess fi . 23 still sxot meee all wait with curiosity for the polaroid to develop .. after the necessary time the nitchiker pull the photograph from the camera .. I % be a very bad , , discolor print .. the film be evidently old . the hitchixer extend the print to Franklin ! . Pam and kirk nove to take a looke . 2h int . Day van oo . franrlin it. do not cuen out so good .. ritchizer . it 's - nise , see .. ( inticate franklin brutset and soerape face - in the dark print ) it tell about you accident . kirk ( laugh ) you look worse for treal .. he sit back against the wall ; Pam move with he . pan I think you look nice . let I see ... cont .. my face .. - 29 ° 24 conte . cs pranklin turn and extend the photograph to Sally | it 's kind of dark but you can see | | selly take the photo and turn forward in she seat . : hitchiker : | , ( to Franklin ) you can pay I now . . franklin buh ? hitchiker two dollar .. it 's a good picture . kirk | . you want he to pay you for that 's ppioture ? ( Za he issama¢ged and angere .. . } Sally hand the picture to Franklin . sally tt*s. not really a very good picture of you . kirk ' not for two dollar anyway . , sally pwo dollar ? hitchieker yess you can buy it for hin .. kirk hey , man , that 's enough .. ( to franklin} give he the damn picture . cont. 30 conte pranklin return the photo .. the grow hostility have : make he nervous and after return the photo he beging to fidgit , ' the hitchiker talze : the photo and stare at for a long moment.e. pam avoid look at anyone . kirk angrily stare at the opposite wall .. sally ( aside to . Jerry ) that guy want Franklin to pay ' bip 2 dollar for that picture . jerry - you be kidding ... sally no . Te wassserious . - the hitchiker place the photo on the floor at . hisfeet .. and from the cow ear pouch extract . a small bundle tightiy weapped in aluminum foil . he unwrapsthe foil and from it pour a mound of silvery ponder on the photo , . rewrap '' the foil and place the package hack in he pouoh.s . re the mould : the powder into a cone , look up to see kirk watch and smile , . then strike a match and apply - it to the powder there - be a small fiery explosion of white light and the face of the photograph be sear , . de spit on the linger flame . the damp , . char powder sives-off a dense malodorous smoke . Jerry brake - hard 'and wheel the van to the side of the roadi . the passenser be throw forward in the van and thers ig much confusion , seranbling for fotting , . ete . kirk pick up : a-ski pole and point it threateningly at the hitchiker , franklin what ? what ? sally what happen ? jeebry heyt dgmn .’. xirk hey , man .'.'. ' . ' pam oh ... ( wave -arm . the clear smoke . ) cont ... 24 25 ext ... van . 26 31 conte . 7 ~ 7 frankdin ' Roll down the window .. . kirk I *ve have ' enough , , wane . time for you to soe . Jerry . stop this thinge . the hitchiker sweep the char photo into he pouch , stand and suddenly he straight razor - be open ' in he hand he 's make - a quick slash cut frankliracress the back of the hand ... Franklin squeal and rear back in he chair ... irk swing - at the hitchiker - as the hitchiker lunge for the side door , . ths van have not yet come to a full stop and Jerry cram the brake the the floor .. kirk 1s throw nearly into the front seat and the hitohixer escape : through the side door . he tear open he wounded 's palm with he tooth anc ' smear blood on the side of the van and as :he move kicit - at '' the side of the van , the huboap and the tire and * spew saliva over the side of the van .. kirk recover : and leap | out of the van brandish the ski pole ... kirk you Little bastard .x.m.' !. you better run you ag .. Jerry have stop the van and leap out hisdoor .. theshitehiker break into a rum and be quickly a safe distance from the var : he stop and turn 's to face kirk and Jerry who have stopre : . at the rear of the van and blow raspberry at they .: the van pull onto the highway ; ;: it sputter , cough and lag as it accelerate , interior day : : van on highway Jerry drive , . Sally sit opposite hin .. kirk , , Pam and Franklin be in the rear of the van . Sally lean over the front seat and bandage Franklin 's wound . kirk I be about half ready to call a cope . franklin . I could get tetnus . fou see how rusty that old razor way .. jerry that 'ssthe last damm hitehiker I ever pick up .. . pak hey , . listen to franklin horiscope .. " the nevs , , travel difficulty , . long range plan and upsetting conte 1 26 cont .. that 's perfeot . pam ( cont . ) . eeeperson around you could make this a disturbing and unptedictable day .. the event in the world be not do . much , . either , , to cheer one up .! jerry sally . ( to pranklin ) '- : i'thnink that will do you for now ... you feel o.k .? jerry read Sally ' 's .. she 's Capricorn .. franklin maybe we ought to find a doctor ... I do not think itve have a tetmus shot in a long time .. pam uhoh. Capricorn 's rule by saturn .. let 's see ... " here be moment when we cannot believe ... _ to Zouston , .. . pam ( cont . ) esethat what be happen 4s really true . pinch yourself and you may find out that it ise " sally ~ oh , , you can not tell about thats do it say anything else ? : sally : T think you will oe alright , 111 we get 27 . exterior Da ys : van on . 4 ighway the van pass a narrow side road . ahead perhaps a hundred yard be several weathered building : : a single gasoline Pump stand before one of the bhutlding .. 28 ° interior day : van on highway : franklin i’ think that night be the way to grandpas old place .. be not that the road , . saliy ? sally oh , . I do not kmow . I do not remember , . jerry there 's a place just ahead . we better go ahead and get some gas ... cont .. 32 33 28 cont .. kirk find out if that 's the tight road . 29 exterior day : service :station the van pull into a combination cafe and service station .. several car and a pickup truck be park in the dirk yard ' beside . ths weathered , raw wooden building .. the van stop before the gas pump and Sally and Pam leap out * and trot off toward the restroom . 30 ° interior day : van at service station kirk climb into the front . seat .. eirk ( nod toward ruse ’old gas pump ) think that thing work ? : jerry there 's. some people inside , .. threugh the begrime window several people cen be see seat ' at table . the people be a utrange lot .. though they can not be clearly see it be apparent that they be not quite normal . kirk ( shake he head ) strange . jerry I will go see 1 for I can get somebody .. the sagging soreen door tang open at that . moment and a man somewhat past he middle year exit , blink in the light then . head toward the van . pranklin : here come somebody ... when the old man be olose .04 the cab Jerry speak , .'. jerry howdy .. the old man do not respond itamediately but fir t lean down to rest-his arm on the window of the van an@ poke he head inside alzost into Jerry 's face and look around . . kirk and Franklin nod hell .. old . man howdy , boy , what can I do for . you ? fee conte . | 34 | 30 cont. . co vase vd we need 's some gas . | : old han } you need some gas , nun do you take credit card ? | old maw | what kind of credit card ? . | kirk texaco . | old man this look like a texaco .. kirk noe I just thought} ... | the old man interrupt kirk , . ognore nim and speak directly ' , . to jerry. od ) 1 old man 7 . how much gas you get ? 2. ps jerry we be about empty . old man just come in here on fume , that it ? jerry . you be -right . we be even low on fume .. naw , we get maybe a eighth of a tank .. : old man that 's too bad .. yeah . . whg "s that .. old man . go. no gas here .. jerry yeah . , old nan ' my tank 's empty , see the transport on the way . out cont .. le 30 cont .. 35 old man ( cont . 's ) edethough .. it be back through sometime this afternoon and give I some gas .. jerry be this afternoon , huh ? oly man yepe . you boy 13 welcome to stick around . I get . gome good barbque . franklin ( to Jerry ) ask he how to get out to the old Franklin : place , !' jerry a you know how to get to the old Franklin place . old . man franklin. place ? franklin it 'sea big old stone house up on a al11 .. '' think maybe you take that road back there ... old man yeah .. maybe * i° see something like that up that way .. you boy do not want to go mess around no old ' house now ; : that old thing 1s : dangerouss you liable to get hurt .. . jerry we will be - carefull . - old nan well now you ought not go mess around ‘other folke property .. they 's some do not * like and 's do not . mind let you know with a-little . buckshot . : franklin my father own it .. _ old han that '' you daddy 's place , , huh . well , it taink you boy ought to stick around here and have some barbque , . that transport will not he too long , . 31 exterior day sexvice sfal ion the girl be out of the rest room now and Sally be try to get jerrys attention .. both stand a few yard behind the Old mane . the old man see Jerry 's attention shift , turn to look at the gtrl .. cont. | 36 31 conte. os exterior -day :* service : station . the old man face : Pam and Sally . ; . old man howdy ... lo ) : pam and sally I bia . . sally '' ( to Jerry ) gould I get a dro. pepper ? it 's only a quarter .. jerry old - han ( to Pam ) }- might as well .. } } hot enough for you ? J : pak ' oh , . 1¢ 's terrible , especially in . the van . j old : han ( to Sally ? 's ( indicate a ancient vend machine ) they 's a machine , he start toward the oate . old man you holler at I now if it do not work . 's ( to Jerry ) they girl do not want to go mess aroung no old house . . you best stick around here .. pam itm go to get*on too . the old man : wallet : sto the cafe .. the girl head 's for the vend mechine .. rirk we should have ask if there ? é another gas station close . jerry he would probably have tell we if there be , .. ktre . would not hurt to ask ? 32 cur to : moe Pam and Sally have buy soft drink and be loitering ) about , . talice . . cont ... po , . | 37 a. cont. cy cur to } ae 33 3 se. ' | Jerry open the door of the van and start toward ' the caf , . | cur to : a strange look , . poorly dress and filthy child burst out of the cafe sobbing angrily .. ha see Jerry approach and still : sobbing rush Jerry and try to bite he on the thigh . | Jerry sidestep he and duck into the cafe shaking he head .. 's 34 CUT to interior Van pranklin be toy with he switchblade again ; he pusheas '' the be blade slowly deep into the foam , withdraw it , . push it in again , withdraw end over and over methodically and hypnotically . kirk Franklin , you maniac ; you be tear up the van . t pranklin look : up startle . . | . franklin ( sheepishly ) yegh , . I just start do that .. oo Franklin have stop and 1s examine the kmife closely . pranxlin hey , , I think there 's still some of that guy 's blood on ite . look at that ..( he hand the kmife to kirk ) think that 's blood .. kirk examine fhe knife cursorily then return it to Franklin . . kirk ( shrug ) . I can not tell .. franklin ( Zxamine the knife again ) it 's thoed 'alright .. that : guy cut the hell out . of hinself .. think you . could . do that * «to yourself ? kirk itm not that stupid . . franklin I do not kmow . it take something to just sit there and cut yourself like that .. you think I say ' some - to make hin mad at I ? 7 cont. cont ... | — 38 35 exterior dau : service station . Jerry 1s inside the onfe talk to the old man . theold man hand he something . they talk for a moment longer , the old man gesture down the road and Jerry turn to leave .. reaction of Girls see Jerry appreach the van ; : they hurry toward the van . 36 CUT to : / Sally :and Pam loiter near the highway . 37 CUT tos | Jerry leave the cafe carry a greasy brown paper '' bag . : | : 38 '' CUT . to : | 39 interior day : van Jerry settles behind the wheel of the van . jerry nothing , man . newt 's the close place to get gas . eiak guess we better hang around .. franklin . we be go to go out to grandpas old house be not we ? '' 40 exterior day : service station Pam and Sally appreach the van from the rear ... when they be close to the yan saliy suddenly stop . . sally look at that ! palit what ? Sally point to the bloody smear on the aide of the van .. . pan he smear blood on the van . 41 interior day : van at service station the girl enter the van .. : sally ) that guy smsare bloed on the van . conte :. 42 42 43 39 go .. kirk yeah , I know . pam - ' it look a little like he might have try to - write something . kire it do not look like enything to I .. pranklin what do he do ? jerry ti get we some tarbque . sally oh , . can it have some .. pranklin he write something on the van ? extertor day : van on higsway . . — _ the van pull out of the service station and turn back up the highway .. as it accelerate it sputter , cough and lag .. interior daz : van on zighway the van approach the intersect road . kirk ( point - to raad ) that must be it . yeah . there 's a creek and a swim hole somewhere a3 : '' 2 imear , the house . we could go swim ... the van turn off the highway onto the intersect road .. Pan . oh , yeaho . let 's do .. sally ( she be work with . sausage . ) oh ; I do not oring a wathing suit .. oh well ..+. let meat see you imife . : Franklin hand selly the switchblade .. franklin sallytee 'e sally humecee 's conte . 40 43 cont .. ~ fpranxlin you think that guy be - just try to scare ‘us blow up my picture ? 4b extertor day : rural 20 ad the van approach ~ the wreck of 's a old stone house . 45 interior dax : van on rural road be franklin that 's it . that 's tt . lookat thatold place .. ktrk yeah . I would sure like to have a thing like that . 46 exterior day : before tye stone House the van pull into the front yard of the old house . the old house must have once be magnificent . it ts now ' a crumble shell .. the grounds be overgrown ... Pan , kirk , Jerry and Sally pile out of the van . kirk and Jerry set up the ramp . and wheel Franklin to the ground . q . franklin wateh ay ' hand ! ( he-helds he hand aloft . ’) sbranklin . where 's 's the mark that guy make ? kee ( indicate ' bloody smear ) right there , Franklin wheel close to the mark .. kirk , where 's that creek .. I think I and Pam be go to go swim ... franklin on , I think it 's off that way .. there 's prooably a old trail . 47 curt to : : on the side of the van away from Franklin , . Pam , . kirk , Sally and Jerry be group . '' conte os 49 kirk bl we be golng to go and see if we can find that _ stima hole , .. want to go ? . sally we didn 's t*tring anything ... kirk what differance do that make ? hs ae pah . you could weat what you have on , . . want - jerry I *d like to look around this old place @ bit anyway .. _- tes wa 48 CUT to : pranklin on the opposite . side of the van study the mark .. kirk approach .. Pam stand at a distance , , ready to go ' swim . ' '' kirk | hey , . man ... I and pem be take off . ' franklin ' | o.ke. | kirk ( look at bloody smear ) . strange .. you think it mean something . : : franklin . I do not know . he tack he chair away for a long look .. franklin ii think it might be some - kind 'of a symbol . kirk - well , . we will sse you later , mane i franklin - | where be Sally and Jerry ? : i kirk / they're : go to stay here .’. pranklin ok . ! kirk leave , . join Pam and they move off into the wood . . , Sally join Franklin ... 3 cont. 42 4b conte. en sally '' > wefte go to take a look inside .. . '' pranklin , 's Sally ..'. <. you believe all thatstuff Pam be say about saturn in retrograde ? : sally oh , , I do not tmow , I guess so .. sveryth means something . . 49 intesyor day : stone zouse Franklin 1s wheeling around the ground floor ... Jerry and Sally be - explore the second story . they footstep ean be hear eco hollowly through the old 's house .. pranelin Sally . ‘'.? pranklin look up .. footstep come from directly overhead ... - pranklin saliy ? . . Sally call down from abore .. sally what ? franklin . that guy might try to follow we here . there be a brief stlence . do not tbe gilly . cur to : selly , Jerry and Franklin be explore the lower floor . various shot - of the three poke through room - of old house : pranklin : uncle Ed live here a while after grandpa die , . be have to move when they start lay people off at - the slaughterhouse . nobody 's live here since.as far as T lkmow . all the people around 's here know how to do tg sleughter cattle . I guess & lot . of they have to move away or somethings . conte . 4g conte . - 43 pranklin wheel out onto a porch like area under - a cantilever 2 , section of the old house .. there 1s a great deal of break fo Glass on the floor end it pop , cr:nch and splinter mder mu the wheel of franklin chair .. Franklin : stop suddenly .. dang - in the corner of the porch 4s a crude wind chime or mobile of some sort madeof sur bleach bone . . franalin saily , . jérry , . come look at - thiss . 4 directly below the mobile be the skeleton ofa long dead ! animal , beneath theskeleton 1s : the remnant of a old wollen blanket . franklin Sally ! +4 50 exterior forest day kirk and Pam walk along a harrow , , overgrown forrest tratl . . - listen to I next time . I tell you it be a bad time . , kirk well , I think Houston 13 go to look pretty good , 's I wish we have not let pranklin drag we out here . pam it 's only a couple of hour to Houston . you will feel better efter a strin .. kirk Hell , . I be liable to drow , that would be about par for this trip . : 50 cont .. 4h . pak look ! - she point ahead at the tatter remnanté of a tent sling to a rusted metal frame . kirk - yeah ... they stop . the remain of a camp be some ten yard off the path . beneath the rotted rag of a ten be the remain of two sleep bag and the area around the tent be litter with rusted camp gear . they pause only triefly then turn to continue . as kirk tume he see at eye level , nail to a tree through its face : a old pocket watch . : eirk euh ? he look closer , touch the watch . . etrk did. you gee this . Pam be beside he look at the watch .' : fak that 's etrange , huh ? kirk yeah , . that be a good old watch . they move on . 's the path narrow as they continue and be more and more oversrown . cont . 49 cont . 45 go . they walk in silence for a tine . the path intersect a dry creek bed . kirk well , . I hope this . be not it .' _ they look up and ' down the oreek bed for some sign of t water , !. there 43 none ; ; the orsek look as 1 for 1t hae beem dry for some time . ; '' pam : ; it 's be a long time since Franklin be here .. kibk could de .. let "s try a little further , 0.k.7 - " ak - " let 's go . . they continue silently for approximately 25 yard ... a low hum noise gradually come up until it be clearly hear . wren 's hear that motor ? pam no .. oh , , yes I do now ... etre . . dam ! look at that .. bam oh , , locke . < e- conte . se 49 cont .. : 46 almost upon the peth a gnarled , grotesquely twisted - old tree have gron up uider the wrech of 's a anolent 's [ ~* car , weaving its heavy limb around the body and rear Zon the front end off the ground . { they move slowly around the cary . D . " , EIR b that 's be here a long tine . i pan yeah . a — _ id let 's see where that nolse be come from . 's they continue on the path for another ten yara : before suddenly break from tha forest . sefore they 1s a . large meadow . on the far since of the meadow set under tower tree 1s a huge , old and weathered mansion , . @ large once red barn and several incidental outbuilding ; no power line run to the house and no automobile or stock be visible . i the motor noise come from the se er Le zadow Day hc 52 extertor meadow Day look at that * old place . pam yeah .. look : at - that ol4 lighten rod . kirk L yeah . a-hammt house . maybe they can tell we where the oreek be . ' kirk start across the meadov .. Pan / kirkdestet . , kirk look at that old tarn , ' cont. pry , ps ee ( | * 52 conte . Pan they might not like stranger . .'s« : kirk I would ' like to get some of thattold ' lunber .. pal. birk . to Ire what ? pam oh , , never mind . 's eirk people probably come up here all the time took for the creek . Pam you be right .’. they be within 50 yard of the old house and within 20 of the barn . it 1s now apparent that the motor noise be come from the barn . the racket be terrific | and they be force to raise they voice to make themselves hear to one another . the nolse decrease : as they pass the carm and move nearer to the house . pak it do not look like anybody 's home . kirk . what ? paw I say .... forget it . how aan they stand the noise ? conte 4 ? $ 2 conta . . 4 g ktre om they be probably use to tt . probably do not even hear ite they be now within a dozen yeard of the house . pam / zt go to wait here .!. ok ? kirk smile and go on . kiee chicken pam. stick she tongue out . kirk mm - the remain distance and bound up the step ami across the porch . he tapa lightly on the doorframe , . thes sound of he knock hardly audible above the motor noise , then step baok to survey the house .. something hard snd brittle explode under he boot and he move back another step to look .. at he foot 1s what appear to bs a tooth . he squat to inspect it ; pick it up and examinesit . '. the weisht of he step have chip away - @ large plece but tt 1s still very definitely ea huzen teoth , there 1s.even a small gold fill . he - be surprised , curious and delighted with he . discovery . : ee stand and turn to paz who ts watch a few yard : away : etre hey . '' ° he leap down the step and trot over to fan , rtrk look at this . '' — he hold the tooth up for examinetion . ' etre I find at on the porch . fam push he hand away . pam I do not want to touch it . i , cont . ro - 9 52 conte. : xire it 's a human tooth . he finger the tooth , pay iknow , ... you 'ne crazy ... kirk , it *s even get the root , gea , . Ze push the tooth into she face -again , pam bo not .. she push he hand away . pam we better bo . kirk ifm go to check the barn . he bound away before Pam can respond .. . . . pam _ kirk . kirk yell over he shoulder . . gree they might be in there .. pound on it loudly ant shout above ee dente one kirk anybedy home 's . es do not wait for a response and peer through the : goer ent emmend * open Pan follow lazily amused by conta . q 52 cont . kirk her. Pan . 's ( he look toward pam} ? . | pam wat now ? kirk come one . §3 intsqior day sabn fam arrive before the open door .. the din be terrific . the interior of the barn be pack with automobile : of 's every sort and age . Far in a dim corner of vhe bam the a huge unmuffle gasoline generator and beside it a : large gasoline storage tank . ; $ } exterior day before barn lock - at that . he shout at the top of hislung to bechear above the pam wow . kirk can you believe it . pak ' they might not like usr folling around here . 's we betterrgo . etre they have - get gas . look at - thats . §5 int .. day sarn ee point to the gas tank . 's 56 ext . day sepore barn . a I be go to oheck the house again . : ee trots. away . 's cont. a 56 51 cont . 's pam let *s just go .. I do not care about swim . ktbk ( yell to she ) tt *411 just take a second . bound away toward the house . ee $ 7 ext day swing 58 ext . 59 prom a huge old live oak below the barm hang a ansient swinging benoh .. Pam wander down the slope to the tree , . test # 2 , bench , then seat herself ? and pushesnoff .. kirke hag rim : to the house leapt ’up on the porch , open ! the screen door and begin to pound vigorously on the : front door . to he surprise the front door be wulatoh end open wide under he blowsy . he peer down what in the gloom appear to be a long narrow chute like hallway . kirk hello . anybody home ?. . : int . . day house . at the end of the hall a door open into a light room ... the far wall of the room be crowded with stuff animal head . the head cover the wall from floor to . ceiling . there be deer , elk , moose and bear and varicus other game animal and also the head of domestic aninal , . @.cow , a dig , , a horse - and a goat and a number of head to saalli to be distinguished at the distance , . kirk ig delighted ; : he poke he head into the hallway for a better look . the wall of the passageway be cover in cowhide . he cannot«see . the stuff head any better and withdraw , , turn around 's to look for Pam . Pan be ing some 25 yard away .. kirk call to ner . wi 60 ee bad house , eerk Fame come look at this . 's pam what ? sire go look : conte 64 62 of 52 conte 's . pam no . we better so . znterior house day 5 : kirk:isedisappoinsed that she 1s unwilling to join hin , hesitates briefly then dart into the house and down the hallway . ' near the end ofthe hallway he trip and nearly fall over and elevate wooden ramp , catchesshimself and move -ahead . he -l at the end of the passage and about to enter - the light room when a-huge , dark figure suddenly apvear , . kirk catch " a : fleeting glimpse of a horrible leathery mask cover : the face and hair of the figure , : and take a quick step backward as he see a arm raise 's ‘to strike . there ig a high pitch plz like squeal end in a hysterical whinny as the powerfull arn flash downwari2 ? : and kirk be strike a terrific : blow square on the forehead with a ugly blunt ' head 's sledge hemmer , '. kirk drop suddenly and 'slackiy , . hit the floor with a dull thud . he 1g still a brief moment and then hts body begin to twitch and jerk in a final musole : spasm . the sledge be raise slowly , high in the alr and then plummet ; smash a final terrifying blow to kirk head ... exterior h0 USS Day Pam have pluck a wildflower from a patch grow beneath the swing . she swing contentedly in the warm late afternoon sun . it 1s some time before she realize that kirk have not return . pak : kirk .!. there be no response and she call again . pan kirk , 's we would ? better go , hon . again there be no response .. she mount : the stepse . pam kirke . she arrive at the open doorway and ia suddenly timid .. she lean across the threshold and call : softly .. conte . 62 52 conta . the door the the room at the end of the hall 1s now close . several door open onte the hallway . earlier | all be close ; now one toward the end of the hall om the leave be open and through 16 a:dim , grey light | filter into ths hall .. Pam step into the hallway call softly for kirk . ) 63 intertor rouse Day | 64 . INS . day dine 200 % 65 int . lidsy live room pam where be - you ? Pam enter the open doorway . pan we have to go , hon . kirk ? the room be heavily drape ; ; only a'dim light leak | through the heavy drape ... she 1g in what must - be a dining room . she can dimly see the dull white glean of a cloth cover dining table surround by larse , . grotesquely overstuff chatr .. Zeyond a massive arch at one end of the dining room be another room . a hard ; dusty shaft of sumlight stab - the room froma elit in heavy drape .. Pam move cautiously across ' the dining room and stand below the arch lookin into the room , the thin slit of sunlight provide some illumination and she eye gradually become accustom to the gloom . she call tentatively .. pam kirk ? the room be ohok with furniture and accesory at " pirst only dimly recognizable form .. as she eye ' adjust shesees that the furniture be construct of combination of bon , meta} , wood and some sort of thin leathery substance . at * first glance she recognize animal form , the bone and situll of cow primarily and in lesser quantity the bone of smaller animal goat ; sheep , dog and cat and other she do not tecognize , achill wet horror begin to well up inside - hery ; she lip be sudienly dry .. flanking a massive : ohair whioh seem to be the central piece in the room be the grotesquely and crudely stuff cat .. conte . 6 % 65 cont . the work ls very crude and the form of the cat have be horribly distort ; :: they body have a ' awkward , bloat look , they coat be thin and mansy and they eye and mouthes have be sew : shut .. then ~ | she be aware of the chair . it be construct of human . bone . its arm be human forearm the hand dangle to touch the stuff seat . the leg be human leg and the foot the bone of human foot .'. feside the chair isa tall . floorlamp . the shade , a flute cylinder make of some translucent leathery substance , 1s suspend from the crook of a human spinal colum ; : the spinal . oplum rest on the butt of four complete set of leg bone include the foot all crudely join with a@ leathery bind .. at the base of the lamp be a Magazine rack make from a human rigcage .. scatter pile and heape in the room be bit and piece of human bone and skull . Pam scream in horror , turn and run from the room .. jalfway across the dining reom she freeze .s . in the corner beyond the doorway through which she enter ls a massive totem of human bone and situll , .a grasp , leer , becone giant with eight clutching arm and as many head .. bit of leathery skin andtuft of human hair adorn the huge many legge coli. : leathery wing spread over its - many eyeless head - and rope of human tooth decorate it. frame .. 66 int . day eh. . Pam scream and 'rush out the door and bolt blindly down the hallway ... pam kirk ! the main door at the end of the hall slam with a thunder crash and there be a hysterical high piten , . pig like squeal . the hug mesk figure stand squealing before the door . pam. scream ... before she oan move , almost before she its aware of the close door and the presence of the leatherface figure , he be upon hers . he wrap on long powerfull arm arcumd she body clamping ner arm to she side and lift she into the air with and * with the other arm he forcess she head back almost to the point of break she neck and she can only struggle weakly and gargle raggedly against the brutal force close she throat . she try to bite but she jaw clap futily in the air .. she cam see the mask clearly now as . she ig rush dow the hallway .. it 1s a close fitting hood rather than a cont ... — ee ee ' } 1 66 67 int ... kitchen 68 55 cont . mask , cover the entirehead and slit to accomodate the ear . the face of the hood 1s human but shrivel and leathery . the hair be human hair ... there 1s a throat . pieoe which be tuck below the collar ... over he clothing . the maskedfigure wear a heavy black rubber apron . they burst through the door at the end of the passage and into a:large room . the reom 1s a completely outfit buteher shop and ' kitchen .. with a-squeal she mask 's _figure lift Pam high into the alr ard rush she across . the reom .. she feel a smooth warn prick 's and she be free high in the air impale on the orutalsteel of - ge meathook .. ai belt of meathook run the lensth of the center of the roon .. kir hang nearby nsarly stripped : of flesh . Pam klok weakly , . she eye roll in they socket , she triestto scream but she throat fill with blood and . she ohokea and gag . leatherface move : swiftly . he strip : kirk body of its remain flesh , . lift it from the meathook and lay it on a huge butcher block . blood pour from pam mouth . her hand flutter weakly ; ; she eye have roll back in she head and show only white .. leatherface draw the starter rope of a gasoline power ' gshain see and it cough then roar . Pam twitches faintiy she cough and spew a bloody mist clouding the air . the chain see change pitch as it bite into kirk 's flesh . exterior day : stone house — ' , . ~ — '' there be three short loud blast from the van' :horn , a : longer grate bellow , , then silenoe .. it 1s : dusic . . the > sum have fall below the horizon and the light ig now dim and tinged with purple and orange .. Jerry and pranklin be gather close to a small lanely flicker campfire . Sally approach the fire from the van . sally ( smiling ) think mayse they be do something ' besides ' swinm .. jerry { laugh ) sure . pranklin be etare inte the flame of the campfire . the word seem to bring nim back from a state of semioconsciousness . he look up at Jerry and Sally slightly daze , wheel himself about and nove off in the direction of the van .. Ze speak ag he move : and 68 cont . 56 labor to give he word a:: casual air he do not feale . . : franklin think I *ill take another look at that thing . jexry wag he head 's and grin at Sally ... jerry re 'a really get himself go .. pranklin 1s a chaplinesqus figure in he ' batter wheelohair ; ; the damage 's wheel flop oddly at each turn . . Franklin stop and wheel around to face Jerry and Sally .. franklin Jerry . hey , , there 's this . real witch , , sybil ueek , that life in Houston . ( he wheel . around and continue toward 's the van . ) I Bet she would know what that symbol mean . he disappear around the far side of the vane . jerry T think you do not believe in that : stuff . franklin ( call from the far side of the van ) I : do not . you do not think it mean : anything ? " sally do not worry .. we * 1ll protest you if he tries*to get you . franklin I be mot .. ( approach campfire ) cont .. 62 cont . sally ( of Jerry ) I 'ma little worried . they should have be back by nowe . franklin T bet - it 's about I , jerey he 's go to x411 you , . pranklin .. franklin it probably do not mean anything , huh ? saely you worry too much , relax . franklin he would never find we anyway , , huh ? he do not even kmow we name . jerry I give he you name , , pranklin . . T tell he where you live too .. he 's go to get you . Terry . . Franklin laugh nervously . franklin euh , you do not even know where I live .. jerry it do not make any difference . het 's still go to get you .. he tell I he be go to kill youu franklin awe cont .. _ 68 cent pranklin wheel about and head slowly for the van . sally I 'tm go : to honk again .. jerry give then tine . pranklin 1s rummage about ag much of the van as be doon . - the sanp la on the grouae se oem shde , sally . '' what do you need , Franklin . franklin i. can not find my knife .. wouold ' you set up therramp ? : sally . o.k. just ' 'a second . ( to Jerry ) I be go to honk again . Sally stand , , stretch and walk to the vane . sally . move a second and I will set up the ramp .. franklin oh , , 0.k.. . he wheel himself out of the way and Sally leana the vamp against the van . sally 0.k. pranklin wheel he chair into position before the ramp . Sally guide he up the ramp then climb into the cab from the right . side , . lean over and give three short blast on the horn . . contz . 59 68 cont .. jerry that imife will not do you any good , . pranklin . . ee like that lmife , remember . sally climb out of the cab and start for the campfire , . then turn to Franklin . " sally there 's a flashlight in the glove-compartment .. want I to get it - for you . franklin if you do not mind . Sally reenter the cab , take the flashlight from the glove compartment and hand it over the seat to Franklin then . rejoin Jerry at the campfire . : sally i’think pranklin 's really sear . - jerry aw , he love it . salle you should not be so hard on hin . : jerry why not ? it 's good for hin . " garry oh , , I do not kmnow .. let 's not talk about 1t .. there be - a moment of sllence between Jerry and Sally then Sally look up to see pranklin still search the vam . for he knife .. sally you do not find ' 1t ? conte eee eee nar 68 cont . 60 franklin not yet . you do not think kirk take 1t ? sally T do not. imow . when do you haveit last ?. jerry that guy 's never mind . franklin ? irdo not lmow .. I can not remember take tt '' out of the van . ( he return to he search ) jerry 's maybe I ought to walk down to the creek .. . sally : can I go too ? jerry : i’ guess so . well ... maybe you hetter stay hers . tike push hla erouna. , and I do not feel sally itd rather go with you . jérry gvimace not want to argue the point .. sally alright ..( she kiss Jerry ) hurry back . jerry : o.k.. ( he stand and stretch ) watch out for snake . . sally very funny .. get out of here .. ( she throw twig at hts retreate figure ) : cont. 61 68 cont. jerry Franklin . . . pranklin - appear at door of the van , , flashlight in hand , franklin what ? jerry itm go to walk down to the creek , _ franklin where 's Sally ? jerry 's ste 's go to stay here . I '11 be right back .. franklin ok . '' Jerry enter the forrest follow the rath take ' earlier by kirk and Pam . Franklin let hinselz ? down the ramp very slowly : - the ramp sag : dangerously but " _ - he 1g able to descend unassist and ' wheel to the campfire .. he still carry tne flashlignt out switch i it off on arrive at the campfire . sau ‘y be squatting over the tiny sluze idly feed it twig one at a time . : : phanklin , jérry 's go down to the creek . Sally glance at Franklin but do not respond and continue feed the fire . franklin be you mad at I . sally no. ( langh ) donttthe stlly .. cont .. , ne 62 68 ° cont .. 5 : : ; : : there be a moment of silence > Le 5 franklin F you really be made huh . ? " sally ' naee . . franklin be do not tlame you .. sally em fuse a little tired . it 's be a long conte . . 6 68 cont .. 3 darkness be fall rapidly . the sky be a deep purple and a full orange coon hang low in the sky . cricket be chirp in the tree .. night bird flutter eriely 5 : in the dim lignt and there be a occasional distant hoot of a owl .’. strange , , shrill bird 'cry pierce : the air and then receed and in they wake a distant answer fill the night .. there be covert rustling - . and stirring in the underbrush . pranklin suddenly flick on the flashlight , wheel its probing team around the perimeter of the park .. franklin : do you hear anything . sally no , i. it might be Jerry and then , pranklin switch off the light . to franklin do you telieve in premonition ? y . : sally ( o po I do not know , . Da you ? } pranklin dee not answer .. Sally have continue 's to : feed the fire and now it 1s a healthy though small blaze and coast a erte yellow bottom lighy on they face . pranklin you do not think that hitohiker would try to follow we ? : sally oh , , do not be silly . there be anotherperiod of silence .. Sally continue - to feed small twig to the fire .. Franklin give the flashlight a elaborate examination . franklin : there 's no way he could 's follow use 64 68 cont . Sally glance - at Franklin but do not answer . pranklin '' he 's : probably afraid kirk will kill he . again selly do not respond and there be a moment of silence ... franklin io never do find my imife .. I 'tm go to check around the vane . he turn the flashlight on , . grip it between he knee - and wheel about and head for the van .. he search : the ground around the van vainly .. finally he halte '' face the vlcod smear and let the flashlight play ; over it . . franklin : Sally . .'e ? ' sally '' . what - now ? franklin nothing ... it 's just .'.... never mind . he. continue to study the blood smear . ~ 69 . zxterior day forrest . Jerry move along the path . he have pass the tent and 's the car and 1s very near the meadow . the sound of the generator be hear . he stop and oallsa . jeary ldke 'e pane . ' 70 . extertor hbabos ' Bay he listen for : fora , moment then move ' aheah soon break out of the forrest upon the meadow . across the way be the great house , , the. barn and outbuilding .. it 12 ° cont .. or ct 65 79 cont . dusk .. the sun have be below the horizon for some time but yet throw a dusty red light against the purple sky . the moon , , full and deep orange , hang just above the tree behind the house . a : single room in the rear of the house glow faintly with a pale yellow light . Jerry start across the meadow toward the house . as he walk another light appear in a second story room . hescrosses ' the meadow and clomp loudly up the step : fand across the porch and pound on the screen door frame .. the front door be open : there to a light burn beyond 4 ::half open door at«the end of the hallway . hello . ee wait for a moment then . jerry - aahybody home . there be no response and he pound nor vigorously on the -door frame . he wait for the sound to fade then calla . jerry hey , anybody hom .. there 1s no response . he listen for a sound from within the house and when there be none . after : some time he shrug and turn away . he have not reach : the step when he hear a sound from within . it be a low , unintelligible sound and he be almost uncertain he have hear anything . he turn and walk to the door again . jerry * hetle .. I be look for some friend . ie ' ii can you hear-me ? there be no response and Jerry wait for a long moment . before turn away asain ... a : strange noise break the silence ; it 4s almost a chortling or repress laughter . conte. a > sag 66 70 conte jerry " eizk ? that you ? . he pause . ; jerry you. guy quit play game . we get to 60. from the house come a faint tingling like the bell on Pam 's bracelet .. jerry kirk , . Pam . you guy in there ? 71 . intertor house Day . | he openas the soreen and step into the hallway . the light . he have earlier see come from behind a half slose door at the end of the passage . thereis no light in the hall and with daylight almost . go it be nearly black . de can see nothing but a vertical shaft . of light at the end of the nall .. the screen door slose . behind he and he step further into the passageway ... jerry o.k , you guyseleae : as=the sound of he word die away he hear a bump and thumping noise come from the light room . jerry . alright . come on outslese ! he move boldly to the door at the end of the passage . the door swing opean easily and he step into the tooke . 72 . int .. day kitchen jerry kirk , , that you ? the room be light by a single bulb , shade by a thin , leatnery , translucent material , hang low aver cont . a ee ere vor ene err yl 's 67 72 cont . a huge butcher block ... the bulb swing slightly asim a gentle treeze might touch it from time to time .. the far wall be cover with animal head . the room be evidently a kitchen and butcher roome . the. wall : be hang with every concelveable tool of the butcher trade and there be beside the massive butcher block a@ powerfull band see , , a huge , long electric freezer and meat grind equiptment of various sort . bun the length of the center of the room be @ heavy steel track bolt to the ceiling ; ueavy sharp tip meas hook hang from the track . Jerry stopa just inside the door and see no one peer into the darkmess beyond the pool of light cast by the single bulh .. jerry hey fou suy seeee - prom the freezer come a thumping , . clatter sound and Jerry move quicklz to it . and after some smali difficulty with the ancient latch raise the lid .. her muscle worm , she jaw clack mechanically , . and she eye rove wildly in they socket , . par sit bolt . upright in the freezer . Jerry back away in surprise , . shock and horror and Pam slump over the edge of the freezer ... fron the darikmess behind Jerry come a shrill pig like squeal end in a hysterical whinny .. Jerry whirl and see a monsterous figure and a grotesquely mask face , a brutal arm talise high and then a heavy sledge hanmer smashes . into nis skull and he dron heavily to the floor he body jevk in awfull egony .t leatherface stand over the body chortling and shriliing , he breath come in quick wet gasp choke with a hysterical inhuman wheeze . suddenly the heavy arm flicker , leather face squeal , and the hammsr arc out slamm into the slumping Pan . the blow lift she , . throw she body into the freezer .. one arm dangle iimply from the box . leatherface * slap the arm into the freezer and slam the lid . then '' he excitement build - again and he begin to gurgle , chortle and wheeze and finally to squeal and shrili conte . | 72 conte ; and then he rush about the room in a frenzy lift the shade from the . window and peer out into the grow darimess . **. ' exterior night : : stone House ittis very dark .. the full moon have not 's yet rise above the tree to light the campsite .. the tiny campfire be now only glow coal . the neadlight of the van oame on capture pranklin before the van in blind bone white light . the small beam of the flashlight Franklin carry prick the darimess of the forrest with its feeble point . there be three long blast from the horn and then silence .. Franklin move toward the van .. Sally 1s just . outside the van on the driver side ; the deor ig open and she be lean into the cab . franklin : they must be lose . they do not have @ flashlight or anything . he be visibly frightenediand hia voice reflect he : anxiety . sally I ? they *te not back in a minute I think we ought to go look for theme . there 1s a hint of anxiety in she volce .. franklin . we could build a big fire .. sally good tdea . i*ill sather some wood : see 4 ? you can get the fire go again . Sally move - off to gather - wood .. praniclin watch in silence for a moment then move : taward the campfire .. cont .. ee co y 69 73 cont .. franklin sallyseoe Sally 13 gather wood in the light of the headlighte . she continue with she task as she speak .. ' sally " what ?- franklin 's you 0.k.? Sally glance . toward 's the campfire . sally yes .. where be you ? franklin over. here . pranklin 1s behind the headlight and only halfway between - the van and the oampfire . he have stop but now begin to move again . sally how 's the fire . franklin I do not know yet . Sally have gather a armload of wood and tg walk toward the campfire . pranxlin be now beside the fire and hurridly feed small . twig and leave to the coal . flame flicker ard catch the leave - and tywig .. Sally dump she armload of wood bestde the fire and and begin feed twig to the flame . pranklin we might get lose .. Sally glance at Franklin but do - not respond and continue : to feed . the fire gradually increase the size of the matertal . prankliw i’ think we ought to go back to that ~ gas station and get help . sally I be not leave here without Jerry ... 73 cont .. her face to show the strain of she anxiety .. it be ' pale and now seem tired and a bit harsh .. the firelignt | flisker aver her- feature hishlight she forenead , . Rose and shin - and leave she eye pinpoint of light @leamin from dark socket . | 7 = vd 5 . they *i1l probably be here in a minute . D sary 's T hope so . . p franklin | D tt would just take a minute to get to that _ D ; gas station . we would not be go long . | Sally do not answer and there be a brief period of 3 tense silence . / franklin | Sally . ' 1 sally i what ? ( her voice 1s tense and hard ) ! b franklin : : , ( timidly ) I think we ought to go . Sally stare into the fire but doss not respond . . pranklin the key in the van ? " sally you. still have the flashlight ? franklin / yes . ( ee blink the light} / + . cont . | 73 conte . | cs : sally ; po could I see it for a minute . | pranklin guess she intention and be reluctant and deliberately stupid . franklin | oe what. for ? } Sally I be go the look for they .. you do not have to go . franklin do not go .. I do not think it * s- a good tdea .. Sally stand and extend she hand for the flashlisht . Franklin see she can not be detere , , nevertheless he begin to move .. : franklin . Tet I honk again .. he wheel away toward the van , the flashlight between hia mee . wi11 you give I the flashlight ? . franklin let 's try one more time , , 0.k .? ee wheel . around the dide of the van and strain to oben the cab door on the ' driver side .. franklin just a minute .. if they do not come we 'ill ge he have manage to open the cab door and manuver he chair alongside the seat and now hotst himself high cont . Le 72 73 conte in the chair in order to reach the horn . gally start toward the van . Franklin glance at the ignition ; : there be neo key ! . 7 franklin Sally ! they take the key . he honk the horn furiously . Sally move faster toward : the van finally break inte a rm . she shout to Franklin she voice lose in the din of the horn .. ~ sally ' stop it . stop it .. Franklin sink into he chair exhause vy he effort . he be breathe heavily . de gasp eas Sally reach he side . franklin jarry must have take the key .. we do not have any key . Sally take , the flashlight from between he imee .. sally you wait here and keep the fire go .. saliy turn on the flashlight and begin search the perimeter of the clear for the path take by kirk , - Pam and Jerry .. pranklin wheel olose . pranklin T better go . Sally do not answer and have find the path mover toward it . - pranklin Sally .'..'.. I *m go - too .. Sally movesrrapidly away ; she do not respon to pranklin . . conte . 73 ' cont . 74 ro pranklin be cloge behind , , labor desperately to keep up . his chair wobble awkwardly and he have difficulty in steering . franklin sallycinee - I can not keep up . still Sally dee not respond and pranklin begin to drop behind . she enter the forrest ; ; Franklin be desperate .. franklin Sally .. saliy . i> think I hear something . Sally stop and turn the flashlight on Franklin who quickly make . up the distance . exterior forrest night franklin . ti think I hear something .. sally " let 's go . ( she turn to go ) franklin let I hold the light . Sally turn egain , .hands the flashlight to Franklin , . step behind the wheelchair and wheel Franklin tapidly down the path . they move be silence for some moment . the moon be high overhead now , ripe and a deep red orang . the shrilling of insect fill the right air .. Sally stop suddenly . sally there 's a light . look . she point down the path . a light from the house in the meadow can be see glimmer beyond the tree . franklin yeahses 's ) * , cent . 74 7 % contd '' they move off . _ on _ sally it 's a house . franklin ew eee . I xca not . see it very well . ' sally " that 's o.k . they continue in silence . fpranalin ' Sally ! Sally , I hear something .. stop a minute . Sally halt the wheelchair and they listen carefully .. Franklin wheel the flashlight about . the gutteral cough ofa gasoline engine suddenly fill the air .. it seeme almost upon they . both whirl to face the noise ' and see a massive , hulk figure roar dom upon . they nheeld : a chain see .. the ugly steel fang of the see flash in the moonlight ' and the waver beam of the flashlight .. Sally seream and dodge the figure rush . pranklin be catch in a awfull slashing , . gouging bite of the chain see . , Red hot spark - and bit of steel schrapnel ar flung into the night air as the powerfull say easily pass through Franklin and mangle the frail steel of the wheelchair , o leatherface waste not a moment on Franklin : and 's be : off before the see have do its - one terrible swipe . Sally have geen the see begin its work and be over - whelmed '' with norror and panic . scream hysterically she run for the light house . leatherface 1s close behind the gutteral reving of the chain see smasn . the night air .. Sally have leave the path and rum into the forrest , . seek the shortest most direct route to the tighted nouse . the forrest floor be tangle and ' choke with grasp , tear vine and bramble . cont. ll 'o ply conte. yee she claw - she way through the undergrowth . 75 behind she , . leatherface , xielding the chain see , be ia able to makegreater head and the gape . way be rapidly close suddenly Sally 1s catch in a nettof vine and thomy : bramble and screaning and begging for help she claw desperately at the cling srowth .. leatherface - 13 almost upon hers the chain like @ thousand ocean , '' some few toae : Sally be crawl , , scratch , scramble beneath . the web of prision vine and as the ugly see bite : eat ry prison she break free and upon the 75 eersavon heasounrosy '' dead run . weallng and whinnying leatherface follow with - a-speed which seem to overwhelm the small progress Sally make .. the racket *of the generator join : the - scream of the ohain see . Sally scream , , beg and sob for help .. , sally helpt help ! open the door , please ! L : - her lung : '' scream for relief ; she breath come in raspling . : 7 choke gulp . she reach the porch and leap up the stair , . leatherfdce hardly a dozen yerd behind .. the front door of the house 1s open though there be a close screen .. she swing wide the screen and leap into the hellway and glam the front door behind and begin a frantic struggle to bolt the door before leatherface can stash 1t open .. she 1s sobbing hysterically ; she lung heave , she hand tremble tiolently and é she be hardly able to direct they .. she manage to glose the heavy bolt secure the door at almost - the moment leatherface throw he weight against 1t ; ; tae : door buckle but hold ... Sally step back kmow the door ts only a temporary barrter . intertor zousz night the pitch of the chain see change at it bite into the heavy door . . leatherface screem , shrillsand squeal frantically .. n 2 Sally turn and run down the hallway .. the room on either side of the hallway be dark with a single exception and selly rush into the light * room . '' 77 i pr , night gbandfatser room mside the reom be a large overstuff rock chair end sink in the rocker be a tiny , very old and 's - shrivel ? man. de - be motionless , , he eye shut .. ee be ( ; cont .. ee oe ee — ~ — = ' 76 77 '' go . so small that he lega : dansle above the floor lixea child though he be slatk and lifeless ... Sally rush to he , throw herself at he begging for help . . sally * helpt oh , please , . please , , help ! the old man do not respond ; :he iq like the dead . Sally abandon the ancient man and look wildly about the room . scatter rendomly about the room be orudely stuff and bloat catsand dog they mouth and eye sewn shut . Sally gasp in horror , charge into the hallway . and . 78 inte rica ? hall 79 leathetface stand in the open doorway wield the chain see and squealing and shrilling like a : mad pig . Sally turn and run for a flight of stair near the end of the passage . leather face rush and be nearly upon she at the base cf the stair . a wild swipe of the see graze : she side as she scramble up the step loose she foot briefly on the wear , , slick wood of the step .. leatherface be on top of ner as she reach the first landing . amad swipec of the see rtp through the ' bannister . on the landing large double window look ent over the meadowe . Sally turn . she be cornere .. leatherface raise - the see for a. final out . Sally scream and plunge through the window in a shower of . glass .. exterior house night High shrubery below the window break she fall somewhat and she hit the ground cut and scrape ' from the glass and shrubery but otherwise unhurt . she glancesat the window and see leathsrface turn and leap down the stairway as she bolt for the forrest .. she cross the meadow and enter the forrest rume desperately . she do not scream . or cry out for help now : all strength , , all energy be consume in run , run , . run , as she enter the forest leatherface round the corner of the ahouse and leap after she cover the ground in monsterous stride , squealing and : shrilling , . the : conte . | 77 - 79 cont . chain see growl .. it seem as if leatherface - enter : the. forrest only boment after Sally disappear into its darimess . he seem to have gain half the distance lose im a matter of moment . 80 exterior forre ? niget 81 the light of the full moon now high filter through the rag cape of the treetop and dapple the forrest floor in a erie phosphorescent light .. Sally run blindiy , low hang branch claw at she face , . throat and arm , thorny undersrowth rip at she flash leg and thick repy tendril snarl she foot . she stumble , , waver , . charge ahead , the ugly bark of the chain see fill : the night alr and above 1t come the thin , . high shrilling . aheadiand to one side the movement of headlight - on the highway . sully alter she course for : the headlight and crash full face inte a rough bark tree . she be : stunne . she fight wave of nausea : and dizziness ... she plunge ahead with desperate , savage determination . fall , rotting tree , the chokin , . srasp uidergrowth , , and the logse mouldy soil slow she progress . the chain see scream close behind and she throw herself intoa dead run and suddenly burst from the forrest upon the highway . exterior higsway night the light of - the service station glow dinly a mile up the highway and Sally leap the bar ditch and run aut onto the highway and race for the station ... leatherface burst from the forrest . distent headlight : break upon the darkness of the roadway and bear dow upon Sally . she sorsam and plead of the approach car to stop .. the headlight approach at * high speed ' and catch the run figure in they beam swerve wildly , fishtatle but never slow or alter course and be soon winking distant : red pinpoint ef light . sallys ' breath comesin long reg gasp . she be on the verge of collapse . the light of . the service station be a watery glirner in she blur vision . conte. 78 81 cont . leatherface 1s back on the blacktop and descend on the | falter Sally with terrifying rapidity . suddenly she be before the service statian , pound om the door and plead , sobbing for help .. leatherface stop in the darkness at the edge of the | . forrest opposite the service station . the chain see ig - | suddenly still . leatnerface be visibly frighten ... he cease hig squealing and begin to pad in animal frenzy from the protection of the dark forbest to the edge of | the light cast by the service staion and back again , , tittering nervously . : they be no response to sallys cry and she rung for a@ light outbuild . shs pound on the door plead for entry but do not walt for a answer andi push the door cpen and rush inside . the old run - be just inside the door apparently himself on the verge of + open it when she rush in , Sally fall back against * the door glanm it shut . , - gp ping oh cook sh=p night 3 try : so '' speak , gag on she word , she treath : '' + 'home in long shrill gasp . she manage : to wimper .. } sally ( od , help ! : her body begin to tremble violently and she lurch : as if she might collapse ... . . sally 's man 's try ... ( she gag ) to.tsto i111 I . the old man ig at she . side support she . he hold hers . volt the door and glance '' out the window . old : han woah , now . you be 0 , ke . he lead . she to a bench . old man what happen ? be help Sally take a seat , she 1s now sobbing hystercally , . gag on she cry , , she breath | lo cont .. 79 82 cont . gtill come in long wheeze gasp .. she tremble vlolently .. sally . '' . ( she begin : to : cough and be speak for the moment ) old han : take it easy . take it easy . + the old man be nervous .. de dart to the window and peer out again , then return to Sally . 1 - old man ; | there 's nobody there now . Sally have regain she composure somewhat . she ha¢e rrought she sobbing under control and ' now concentrate : she effort on get she breath and try to talk ; between long gasp . she still tremble visibly . ) . sally fe gall the police . ugh . ( she gasp ) wo he might . come . old man what happen ? sally hewjes 's ( she gasp for breath ) he kill Franklin . . I do not , '.. ( she gag again ) ole ek noweie 'e 'o ! the old man arm be around sallys shoulder ; ; he try to calm she and to still ner tremble . she be on the verge of go into shock and be struggle to maintain control over herself . sally owwwe she begin to sob quietly but violently she body wrack by sob , abruptly she stop determine 's to control she emotion .. ' cont . 83 cont .. sallz Terry 'seLeeee ( he eye till with tear ) weshave to call the police . T do not ' mow what happen to the other . old man there 's - no phone here .’. ( he nervously stroke sallys head ) sally no phone ' ..? old ' man / wechave to drive over to childress , ! he grasp she by the shoulder and lean olose . old man : i°ll get the truck . you take it easy now .. Sally nod uncomprehend but comfort by he strength and assurance and the old man be away and out the door before she realize she 1s again alone ... she rise with a start but the door have slam behind the old man and she hear he footatep on the gravel drive .. she start for the deo > then hear the door of the truck une and reassure that he ts close by return to she seat . the truck roar to life ; : tne engine revs and fade as the old man warm it up . the tiny cook room be bath in a red glow fron a " huge open cooking pit over which large chunks of meat be suspend on several spit . Sally sink to the . bemoh .. she have manage to bring she breathe under control and now only gasp occasionally . she tremble violently from time to time : she eye be beginning to glaze - as sheck set in ; she pupil be dialate . she rest . she head on she arn and stare vacantly into the glow red fire . Long rope of sausage hang before the brick and cast lron cook pit ; the iron of the pit glow red . with the heat . sallys arm rest on a massive chopping block . before she she dimly see portion cont . 80 81 g3 conte. rs of cookedmeat and sausage arid a large butcher imife .. p48 the old man have be slice meat when she come to ' the door . 's : . the truck pull up before the cook shed : there be " , the sound off a : door open and close , , thena second open ... the old man enter the cook shed : recissnervous .. de step forward a pace or two .. Sally turn - and suile .. the old man be carry a gunny sack ; : he behavior 1s strangely ominouss . Sally sense something 1s amiss and loot more closely at hin .. the old ' man move forward ' silently .. Sally atend - apprshensively . tae oid man pull a length of heavy rope out of the sane taeke : ' what be - you do ? the olaiman move - closer . he 1s frighten ' and unsure . old man : now , nowe ... ( he-wavessher to sit -dow ) eedetjust take it easy . . 5 a X Sally back away .. oy , nodsee - old : Mat now you just - cooperate young lady and 's we will not have no trouble . Sally tack up against the butcher bleck . sally whatcde. you want ? her. hand : move over the butcher blosk and come upon the butcher imife ; ; she finger curve around the handle . cont . . ie 83 " 82 conte . old man now , now , no need to do that .. ee -pick up a long . handel : broom . old man nobody 's go to hurt you . sally nocleos she move -around the butcher block to the far wall .. the old man approach cautiously , . nervously .. his« breathe be ahallow and rapid . old man ( ' almost * plead , , whining ) do not - make it hard on ce , . young lady . sally please do not .'. there be no avenue of escape . she 1s- cornere in the tiny sook shed . she wave - the knife threateningly .. the old man suddenly charge , swat the kmife : from she : hand and heat she about she head and shoulder with the broom . the broom handle break and he beate : hezrr with the short , . jag length of stick that remain . sally ( screana ) né , no , , . pleagset she try to escape but the blow confuse end batter she .. the old man manage to kmock she foot from under she and she fall and the old man quickly powo 's on she . sally ughe . he plant '' he kmee in she back pin she to the : floor and drive the air from she lung ... he give conte . 83 cont .. she a couple of stun blow to the head with the 83 broom handle .. Sally nearly black out ; : she 1s daze , , paralyze for lack of oxygen .. the old : man waste not a moment .. 3efore she can recover he have bound she hand behind she back , stuff she mouth with a soile rag and slip the gunny sack over she head and shoulder .. 94 =xt . station night re struggle to get she to she foot . she sag against he , , dead weight . he drag , , half carry she across the room , . pause at the door briefly to look out , then rush she from the shed to the truck , , hoist she to the floorboard ' and slam tne door~shut .. heise breato heavily , . exhaust by nis struggle . he move with : a old mar nog - ghuffling rum back to the- oook shed , , disappear inside , , the shed go dark : and ! exit , . the length of broom handle * in hand , padlock the {oor and climb into the truck cab-behind the whsel .. 85 interior truck night ee settles : into the seat , give a sigh of relief , . teleases - the handbrake and the truck move - out onto the highway . the old man speak to Sally .. his voloe be pleasant and light as if they might be old friend - pass time . old man . hadito lock up and get '' the lightss . . ( he pause , . shake he head disparaginsly ) ( CO coattof elsctricity 's enough to drive a . man out of business , . : Sally mumble through she gag . she struggle against ' she bond but they hold 'fast . they move down the highway at a slow but decent rate ... the oldi truck 1s move as fast as be soafortahls , ' the old man prod : Sally gingerly with the stick . he~ be still nervous and seem almost '' afraid of she reaction . : old man _ hope you be not too umconfortable down there . Sally crtesvout ageinst the Sage . the old man agein poke - she with the stick .. he . 2 . 's : seem to enjoy torture she and at the same time to be afraid that the torture will produce some to rribl tedetion with which he will be unable to cove . ° omd nan C . no need for you to worry yourself , now . ~ you just take it easy . we be thers soon .. . 84 85 cont .- Sally cry out against she gage . — old man now , now , there . he deaccelete the truck , then brake and they turn off the highway onto the road 's earlier taker : by the van . ; sot old : han . that will not do you no good . the truck rattles dow the rutte overgrown road .. the spring have long since lose they tension and the shook be ancient and useless and the truck bounce ' over the reed like a pogo stick ... ' . old . man : hang on , . we be over this stretch in ' a bit . ( he giagle ) ' i the headlight pick up a figure walk along the road . } the old aan slow the truck and honk the horn .. '' old . man oo , ( angrily ) halfwitt the figure on the road be the hitohiker . , he -saunter i k willy - nilly over the read slapping lazily at the : . tree with the long dead and limp caroass of a rabbit 's he oarry . the old man lay on the horn asthe truok 1s upon the hitchiker . the hitchiker move slightiy to one bide of the road but otherwise ignore the truck .: old . man . Little coonshit .. 86 ext . night ruav the old man jam on the brake ; ; the truck slide - to a halt end he grab the stick and leap out - of the oat and rim toward the hitchixer the hitoniker turn , , see the old man approach and begin to back away . cont . 86 cont .. 85 exterior foap hig=t ) ry ona han | comeshere , . you map haire idiot .. eitchizer : ( whine ) T do not de anything . old man where you be ? eitchiker out on the road . I be on the road . . * old man , * you. dam fool .. you nearly get catch over at newt , . eitchik=er they do not lmow nothing .. they do not catch I .. he break and rim from the old man . the old man holler : after hine . old man I tell you to stay away from that graveyarde . he run tack the the truck . the hitchiker take : the fork off the read , . unlock the : gate and swing it open . : 87 int . night raucK the old man drive : the truck through the gate . as he pass the hitchiker jump on the run board .. cont .. qf 86 87 cont . 88 89 old han you dam fool ' brother gov after a bimch of kid . interior house nicht they enter the meadow before the big house , now brilliantly light .. the noise of the generator fill the air . they stop the truck before the house and together unload ! Sally and ' drag and carry she to the house . the old man lleave - the hitchiker to the task outside the door , , pause the hold the scorsen wide for he to enter through the splinter ' remant of the doar , and then move down the hall . the door at the end of the hall open and leatherface > appear . he 1s a huge man with heavy shoulder and enormous nand .. he weard an-old baggy flannel : pinstripe suit and a atarch . shirt open at the throat . the suit front be cover by a large gingham apron . 's over hia face he wear a leathery mask .. the mask be distinctly different fron the one he earlier wear .. it :isr the tan facial skin of a elderly woman ; : 1 '' have - be stretch over a rigid form to give it the proper shape .. it 13 apparent that behind ' the mask leatherface be smile broadly ; there its .a flash off file tooth . hem be excited and pleased with himself ; he approach wiping he hand - on the apron . he speak but he word be wmiintelligible ' snort , chortling ; gutteral and shrill cough and squeal . leatherpace & abe y ob - sr ewe ober . the od man be angry and attack leatherface .. old man : you damn fool . the old man draw back he hand to cuff leatherface and leatherface be - transformed to a cring whining . child .. he slink fearfully tack trough '' the doorway . the old 's man follow . . interior house dine rocm night the hitehiker have manage to manuver sklly into the dining room of the house and have seat she and cont ... — we es '' for 87 89 cont . ' bound she securely in a large overstuff chair at the dining table . the table have be set for four person but Sally have not beerr place before a table set . before one of the setting there be no chair . the : hitchiker remove - the guony sack from sallys head .. aitchiee I think you vasvin @ husrye Sally gag at the sight of the hitc ! ere. 7 seg 2 * aitcsiker decide to come by my house after all , . huh 's Sally choke in horror . the dining room be - not brightly light .. she see the giant totem of human bone and skullss . the dining table be construct of cow bone and the room be light by a huge chandeleer make of human finger bone . in the live room beyond she can see the grisly : oollection of furniture make of human and animal bone . the lampshad on the spinal columm . lamp can now clearly be see . it 1s make of the flesh of human hand ingenlousiy woven together . 90 interior house butcheh room old : man you gette# : dam get they other kid .. - leatherface retreat to the far end of the butcher room . ( he have evidently be prepare supper ) he 'is nervous and shrink , , . evidently terrify of the old man though he be much larger and stronger . he busias himself fussily and noisilg with he pot and pang as if he service might sooth the old man . the old man persue he , follow close on he hasl as he movessabout the kitchen yslling all the while in he ear . old man '' where they kid ? leatherface answer with a:rush of sound , high pitch and timorous . leatherface . tha goba igee they a cont . gt 99 cont . old . man | how come you '' do not wait for bubba . . you . dam fool . fool . I ever catch you out on the toade .s.. where 's they kid ? show I where they be . leatherface answer with a barrage of sound and point at the butcher block on which there 1s a srall quantity . of ' newly make sausage and at the freezer . Franklin ' 's batter . wheelohair stand beside the freezer . leatherface tb abe e de yce I abge . old man : none of they get away ? ( he draw back he hand to cuff leatherfase . leatherpace : pu iba . u sob moer e onshe . ( he shake he head . vigorously ) old man . you sure . leatherface ahakeshis head vigorously yese i2 % ' leatherface T tha i i lba Le the old man draw tack he hand once again and leatherface ctinge before he but seem teady to reocelve the blow . the old man lower he hand . old han . you dome fool , , you ruin the door .. the old man anger have abate and leatherface see he anger have pass begin to chortle happily and turn - the he dinner preparation . . interior house dine room nigat the hitonikerr return to the dining reom and open the door as wide as 1s possible thenagain disappear . cont .. _ — — < — — — — < $ — — — — $ $ se - 91 gant . there ig the sound of something heavy be drug across the floor and suddenly the andient man , . the grandfether , , in the heavy rock chair appear inthe open doorway ; ; the hitehixer 1s tehind the chair shoveling it through the doorway .. the grandfather still look dead . de has« not move and do not respond in any way to anything : about hin .. the move of he rocker have set * it in motion but the old man rock : lifelessly with the ohair . leatherface enter the room from another door , evidently lead to the kitchen . the door be leave open and the kitchen cen be see beyond . he be carry a dish of ¢old cut : which he place on the table then turn toward the kitchen , . see - the hitehixer with the 1. grandfather . he speak in a kindly and welcoming tone to . the grandfather , , approach the chair and bend to kiss he on the forehead thenistraighten to speak to the hitchiker ; : he accompany he garble sound with gesture .. . leatherface aba de ah duo dey ; ; erik beaka obida tey .. ela gesture indicat that the grendfather should be place beside Sally . hevl smile : graciously beneath he mask ; ; file tooth flash behind the loose lip of the mask . the hitehiker nod vigorously indicate he understanding and manuver the old man into position close to Sally out face the opposite : girection . on the back of the grandfather 's chair 1s paint the symbol the hitchiker sorawle on the Tan . hitchiker you do good , leatherface beam broadly from beneath nis-mask . de assist the hitchiker in positioning the grandfather and chortle a responsé . , leatherface abe do , aba do . Sally watch - and listen to the proceedings in wide byéd horror . she have exhaust she energy in struggle futily against she bond and now no longer struggle but jerk away whenevervone of the urother appraoch . she. be frighten now certain that something 1s about to happen . her chair - 1s position beside and face the grandfather and leatherface 1s fussing over she and . occasionaly stroke she hair . leatherface speak to the hitchiker again seeging to give instruction he word accompany with gesture . leatzerpace aga do uh er . 89 7 se eter monod 's '' ; . ) C 90 91 cont ... 92 the hitchiker move behind Sally 's chair and fron behind and to . one side grasp she arm just above the wrist in both he hand . leatnerfaoespick up a knife from the table and approach , Sally begin to struggle and scream as best she be able though she be ~ securely bound and gag . leatherface speak to she in a reassure tone and stroke she hair then cut - the rope that bind the arm hold by the hitchiker , . turn she hee palm up and quickly and expertly cut deeply into the tip of she index finser . Sally struggle violently on the verge of fatnting but be firmly hold by the hitchiker . leatherface lift she hand . and with the hitchiker assistance they force 1t into the grand - father mouth , leatherface must open the slack toothe less mouth himself and insert the finger ... once the finger be in he mouth the srandfather begin to suckle like and a infant he arm and leg suddenly have life and begin to squirm . he but - sallys finger with he hand ag if it be a reluctant breast . Sally look : on with horror . the cut of she finger have nearly bring on a faint and the horror and revulsion of the service she have : . be make to give be too much and she black out . interior house dine . room Sally regains consciousness . the first thing she see be leatherface seat oppostte . Fe now wear a new mask . it ia the face of a woman who might once have be beautiful . the process of tanning the flesh have shrunken the size > of the feature and give they a deep mahogany tint . the mask have be make up with a white powlemand have some of the starimsess of stage make up .. the lip be heavily ringed with a dark red lipstick , , the eyebrow pencile in darkly with mascara , thelashes : have be cover with false one and azound the eye there be a graenish eye shadow . the hair on the mask be long and flow down over : - he shoulder . on tis wrist Pam 's bracelet jinzle .. Sally scream .. her gag have be remove .. the hitehiker join she scream witha howl and leatherface , suddenly delighted , , join he howl to theirs . the oldman look peevad , , then begin to hovl , , then age abruptly stop seemingly distress .. Sally suddenly stop . the hitcniker begin to giggle but leatherface continue - to howl .. the grandfather do not respond to the raoket .. sally oh , , please , pleasesseadt cont . 91 892 cont . . the brother be have a snack of cold cut and headcheese .. old : man : shut up .. the. howling continue drown he command .. . old man : quiet ! by this time Sally have stop scream and the hitchiker 1s gisgle ; ; only leatherface continue to howl , the oldman voice penstrate he howling and he stop abruptly , , crestfallen and suddenly timid . old man you act like a pack of hound . leatherface 1s intimidate and do not look at the old man .. tne hitohiker ' be more aggressive ... : hitchikee o we 's just have fun . old " han you think this be a party ? Sally address herself to the old man . sally please , help I . you can make they stop .. hitchiker he can not , . leatherface lean forward and pat Sally comfortingly on the handi . Sally shrink tack . old man ( of hitehiker ) shut you mouth . ( to Sally ) can not be help , young lady . cont ... owe ee ee ro '' 92 92 conte . . the hitohtker begin to giggle again . old man . ( to hitchiker ) saut up . ( to sally ) do not pay he no mind . leatherface beak a tiddit froma slice of headcheese and insert it into the oldman 's mouth . the -gzandfather begin gum the headcheese in childlike fashion but the headcheese work itself out ofhis toothless mouth and glide down he chin on a rope of syrupy saliva . sally _ please , , rou can not let they kill I .- the old man : do not look at Sally . old man " can not be help .. the hitchiker lean . forward and wipe he hand across Sally 's face .. Sally shriek and shrink away from the hnend . the hitchiker giggle .. hitchtike ( of leatherface ) you like that pacez , leatherface seem to see Sally 's face for the first time . he study tt triefly and then nod happily .. leatserface un va uhm . he stroke Sally 's hair and pat she hand reassuringly .. sally they be crazfsee0 . you have to nelpeoen hitchixer : he can not do anything .. he 's. just a cock .. old - man shut up , , you biteh hog . cont . a WA 93 cont . . 92 the hitchiker wheeze and chortle .. 5 hitchixer I and leatherface do all the work . he do not like it . be not that right .. you be not nothing but the cook . old man shut you mouth .. you do not understand ? nothing , .. leatherface 1s distress by the develop hostility . ee busy himself slice additional meat and . cheese '' and feed the grandfather ... ritchixer ' I understand you be nothing . I and hin do all the work .. old man . t‘oa not take no pleasure in kill i the hitchiker snort .. leatherface stand , much distress , and leavee the reom ; he can be see in the saockground through a open door ; :he be freshen he makeup before a larse frame mirror . dung on peg set . into the mirror frane be ' several dozen mask of the type he wear ; there be also on the dresser before the mirror a extensive collection of cosmetics . . be old : man {fo Sally ) there be just some thing you have to do . do not mean you have to like it .. sally oh , please ... you can 's tesee the old man lock away from Sally 's plea . sally { to hitshiker ) why do you want to kill I ? I never hurt yxou .. cont .. ve 94 92 cont . the hitchiker giggle flendishly .. sally ( of hitehiker ) please ..... itill do anything you want . she begin to sob .. leatherface reenter the. room ; ; he go to Sally and pat she hand . the hitchiker mock - she sobe .. the old man begin to titter then suddenly stand , throw he naplin down on the | table and mutter angrily . old : man : no need to torture the poor girl . eitchiker ' you just the cook , remember . I and he take care of this . old : man you get on with it .. I will not haverthis . the hitchiker ignore he . he-look directly at Sally ... ritcei '' =2 we in no huray you be not go nowhere .. sally noeeee ( she sob ) the old man draw back he hand to cuff the hitchhiker . : old Max . you hear I ! the -hitchiker ralse ‘his arm - to protect himself ? from the blow but not be bold now . hitchiker T hear ' you but it do not mean much . conte . 95 92 conte . u ; the old man drop he hand . old : man . no sense in wait . . D get to open up soon . I be think about let old grandpa have some fun . you alwaysstold ne-het the leatherface begin fussing and coo over the grandfather . , the grandfather 1s .as usual lifeless . old man . heta the best alright . + hitchiker . let *s let he have a whack .. hey grandpe F * wergo to let you have this one . ( fe esa into the grandfather unresponsive ear old man xv I do not think he 's much up to it any more , leatherface look at the old man and begin jabber what seem to be a repramand ; ; he then speak soothingly to the grandfather . leatherface . { to the old man ) ewe neber da at idowanher , no ! ( to grandfather ) uzdo pay e bannam e ellweigh . eitchiker he do not think so . let 's give he a whacks sallt no , , no , please . you can not do this .. she be struggle against she bond ; : ghe - sob uncontrol - ably but quietly . she labor furiously and ' desperately cont . we tt \__- 96 92 cont . but to no avail . the hitchikerrrushes out . of the room apparently to bring the necessary equiptment . . leatherface still fuss and cove over the grandfather , stroking he hand and fron time to tine kissing he wetly on the cheek . the old man turn to Sally . old man now hush you ory . it will not hurt none , . _ sally oh , please .. deo not do it , please . old man . { to himself as-much as to . Sally ) best dam killer they aver be . they say he never take more tian one lick . ( he shake : he head in wonder ) . the hitchiker return drag , with much . clatter , a huge galvanize tin washtub . the tub be stain with aqrie blood .. a' small sledge hammer oclang about in the bottom of the tub as the hitchiker yank it across the floor . the hitohiker dzag the washtub over to grandpas chair . old man d1id.60 in 5°minutesonss .. they say he would have do more ifthe hook and pull gang could have get the beeve out ofthe way faster .. bitchiker ( to leatherface ) help grandpa with the ie the hitchiker go to Sally and with a carve imife from the table cute she bond .. Sally try to break away but the hitenhiker grab she hair in he fist close > behind she head and yank one arm behind she and olose up under she shoulder blade . cont. 97 92 . conte. sally old man now , . now .. you hush .. o0ld grandpa 's the - beste . you will not feel a thing . Sally issuable to struggle . the hitchiker force she the she knee before the tub and push she down over the rime de then release she hair and put he : foot behind she head still force she arm high on she back . hitchiker give he the hammer .. let he haveit . the old man have retreat to the doorway of the kitchen and watohe timidiy from there . he have tecome sonewnat hnysterical . and cccastonaly break into giggle though he quickly husheshinself .. old man they still talk about grandpa dom at - the slaughterhouse . nobody ever best hime . leatherface have push grandpa 's chair into position beside Sally and be lator to place the sledge hammer in grandpa 's limp finger .. grandpa 's eye tegin to flutter from time to time as if the excitement of the moment might have affect he . leatherface wrap grandpa 's finger individually around . the hammer handle and lift grendpats shrivel 's arn and let it fall .. the hammer fall from he finger . and crashessto the floor miss Sally . hitchiker help hime . help hin . leatherface chortle in excitement .. leatherface lio ba fu gapa gil cont .. , : 98 92 cont . Sally be struggle mightily .. she scream though with she neck pin against the rim of the washtut she only choke . the hitchiker be tiring and become impatient . in the background the old man 1s giggle and hopping nervously from foot to foot , occasionaly stop , to squeal and squeak and wring he hand and call enoouragement to grandpa , : old man gat she , get she . leatherface '' as azain wrap the grandfather 's hand - arowd the hammer and lift he arm ; ; this : tine he do : not release the arm but try : to give it . direction assit fall .. old : man : that a boy : ; go to she ... grantpat eyessare open dimly now ; : he eyesrare : - weak and watery .. it 1s douosfull he see cleariy what ls happen ; :he 1s however visibly affect 's by the excitement and be slobbering and blubber . the blow fall miss Sally 's head ' and strike she a painfull blow on the shoulder ; : she squeal - in pain and strugzle all the more violently .. sally 's a4nhheee ! ugh . the hitchiker - be have dirficultyheld she . leatherface squeal and chortlessin excitement leatherpace - ob ; bo be bo ce oo daba daba .. sitchiker hit'her .. it the biteh . help he . again leatherface have the hammer in grandpa 's hand and 's have lift he arm nlgh .. tnis time he put : some of he cont .. a 99 92 cont .. gtrength and direction into the blow and it strike Sally avglance blow to tne head ; ; blood gush from the wound . hitohtkes hitcher . hit she sally abhhhhittt ! leatherface ava ; dd hile li ite-giba gita old man het : the best .. look at that . Sally squeais and she struggle become superhuman . the hiteniker can no longer hold ‘her still and she be a difficult target for the grandfather .. the grandfather be grin 's broadly end toothlessly now evidently the motion have awaken some din msmory of time past . leatherface have the hammer again in he hand and the grandfather nowlend some of 's he feeble strength . together they lift 's the hammer and together bring it down on Sally 's head . the hitehiker : inability to hold Sally still cause : the blow to be off target neverthaless it ig : a viscious : blow , . Sally aquealg snd tal tine it issan inhuman sound and she struggle ar all the- more : furious . sally oooeatsece !!! the. hitchiker - issexhaust and infurtate . : bitchiker let I havett . give it to mesdamn .. leatherface struggle to recover the hammer amidst the confusion of the grandfather 's childlike flail arm and . Sally 's violent strugsle . ' the nitchiker suddenly release : Sally and nake 'a grab for the hammer .. cont . 3 100 exo cubirsz naw 93 gu 95 in- that instant * Sally be up and run , , squealing in pain , . blind by the flow of blood and in a state - of shook , she trip in the washtub but such be she frenzy that she be not slowed and hurtle - across the room erash through the window in a shower of glasse she doas '' not fall beyond the window and 1g in motion the toment she touch the ground . the hitchiker squeal in rage and surprise and be instantly in perstit ; hardly hesitate before leaping through the shattered window . leatherface : panic and begin to squeal and whinny and 's tushes for a moment helplessly about the room before push into the kitchen . the old man stand beside the doorway in distress ; :he moan and wring he handss . prom the kitchen some ' the gutteral cough and then the savage revving of the chain see then leatherfece rush out the the window on the trail of Sally and the~hitchiker : . exterior house dawn Sally 1s only 30 yard ahead of the hitchikerj ; she be . run blindly and with animal strength and ingtint . 21 the hitchiker ~ chargessdown on she squealing : and scream madiy .. the chain see roarssin the background 's and then leatherface emerge from the house squealing shrilly .. exterior forrest daun . Sally be across the clear and into the forrest . it : be , dawin ; : the sun be not yet up but the sky hag a- purple grey predawn ocast . with a tinge of red at the horizon . . tne dense undergrowth of the forrest maker progress difficult , clutohing and snaring at Sally as she rung . she payseno heed to the claw gromth , crash througn the green jungle unheed .. suddenly she be in a net of rovy vine and olutching bramble ; ; she - claw and flail to free herself but only seem to beoome futther entangle ... the hitcniker be all but upon she ; ; leatherface have close the distance and the roar of the chain sawv-hammer at she sar .. she scratch , slaw ; soranbleg and writhes in the prison of grasp foliage and suddenly she ls free even as the hand - of the hitentker be upon she .. she break - out of the forrest and upon the highway , leap the bar ditoh and sprint up the embankment to the hardtop as the hitchhiker bresk out of the forrest . ccont . oot jj J 95 96 97 98 new angle to2 cont . leatherface be - close behind hack he way out - of the jungle . . the sky now have a tinge of morning red ; : Sally tung out onto the roadway .. : new angle the distant headlight , want in the morning light , of a@ car approach .. Sally mm away from the hitchiker and toward the approach car ; - she tave - she arm wildly and plead for the car to gstop .. sally help ! help ! please stop . new angle the driver of the car see the wild and bloody figure of Sally rush toward he the hitohiker in persuit and then leatherface break from the forrest squealing and slashing the air wildly with he chain see and he accelerate swerving to aiss Sally and roar dowm the highway . .daload ' cattle truck 1s close behind the car . . the hitchiker be close upon Sally , . less tham a : dezen yard * behind . Sally dart into the path of the oncoming truck begging the driver to stop .. sally pheases . oh , please , please help meet the huge cattle truck swing awkwardly to avoid Sally and . the driver find himself upon the hitchixer and unable to react before the huge bulk of the truck rush over the soream hitchiker .. the driver yank . on he air brake - bring the truck to a lurching , . skid , careen halt in the roadway .. the cattle panic and begin to bellow and mill about wildly .. the driver throw open he door to see Sally racing for the truck with leather face : squealing and snort he chain see flail the air bear down on she . the driver jump aside and throw Sally into the cab and leap in after she and try - to turn the engine but leatnerface be hack at the glass and steel of the cab with the savage chain see . the : window glass shatter with a savage thrust of the see and . the thin steel door be shred ... the driver open the far door and shove Sally out and she rush up the road ; : the driver then grab a big wrench from the floorboard , leap from the cab and follow sallys he ~ sprint - a half dozen yard then suddenly halt ; , , plent : he foot and hurl < '' the wrench . 99 new angle the wrench catch - leatherface full in the face and he be send sprawling . as - he fall he grip ‘on the see cont . 102 99 cont .. fs . break and it jump free tit deep into he thigh and skitter crazily about the blacktop ... leatherface squealsand shrills_in pain and aaysteria .. pury , , pain and ' bewilderment drive hin seserk and he scramble ! efter the chain sar , - 100 new angle 4 ; the driver leave : tne road and rung int toa field border the highway . 101 new angle - leatherface recever the see , . see Sally and the driver run in nearly opposite direction and squeal in terror , .rege and pain , .arnd flail the see wildly ' Im ths alr and now hobtle and bleed prefussly , , he chargesafter selly . - ' 102 '' angl a datter , . oid piskup a roach beyond Sally ... 103 new angle ° prasnp spp 7 have Sally wave - her arm wildly ana plead - for the driver to stop and again tne horror of the scene serrify the driver and he seek to avoid the appreac ' figure ... Sally 13 now far beyond the limit ef human endurance . - her cry ere no longer hutan sound . she imow she cen ge 00 , further and in desperation plant herself ly a sh o3 he once toe no arene a e@ path of the ming pickup . the driver swerve and jam on he brake .. the tire 's squesl , . the truck whip , . then spin , hurtle toward sallsy do not move .. shs see the truck float toward she in slow motion , spin gracefully in she cloudy vision ; tne tirca squsel in a extend roan . tha tail of the truck swing slowly around and whirl softiy clos ete . she bering a slow dive for the truokke , 105 ney angle tne tail of the truck catch Sally ag she dive and toss she into the air nas the truck come to a screeching , . spiuniag halt . she be throrm into the truokbed . 106 new angle the pickup slide to a final jolting halt beyond leetherface : end face tne direction opposite tne one . in whiten it tas head , : leatherta : gee the truck claw the air with 107 wewsgee '' $ 4 the ariver pon the clutch and the track epurt then die 108 new '' anole . " ( $ aliy crawl to the rear window of the truck , . pound : . '' weakly om the glass and seg the driver to 59 . 3arby ~ go , , Zo geltl 109 new angle the driver uvank the enginc .. 103 109 conte — leatherface tgs-upon the truck . the chaln see rake the fencer , he squeal sadly and rush for saliy . = 110 se xy age , ter pop the clrtcn and the pickup lurch avaye 112 net '' angle leataerface have nountesd 's the truck ané ls send sprexling but shis tice ollnss tenaciously to the see and roll agily to he fest . .112 new angle the pickup move rapidly away . Sally see - leatherfacee dwindly in the distance anc sinke to the bed 's of the truck ani huddle there govotng quietlr . tie dslver - of the cattle truck ts a@ 1600 yard away across the field . 113 new angle leatherface stand in the center of the highway souealing at matias rage and whield the shain sew with savagen idiot fury . - 114 new a ngle : the cpen stare eye of the dead hitchiker , , he - ' lower . jaw nearly rip from he head by the collision be in the foreground .. seyond tae sitchiker , , leatherface squeal and slasn the morning sky with the chain say . the pickup with Sally in the bed be a distant mark agsinst the horizon , the full red sorming stm rest . just 2 sove the rin of the earth , . from the cattle trucic come the yellow of frigntencd cathle .. . . th exd