Rev. April 26 , 1971 the french connection by ernest tidyman and william friedkin director : William Friedkin producer : Philip d'antoni ext . le vallon open shot - High angle on lincoln along small bay with boat . ext. bar - waist to full figure Pan right to Left . detective come out eat pizza , look around . he cross street and stop against wall of impasse Michael . he look o.s. leave , his Pov - l.s. of lincoln behind fishing net . waist shot of detective look and eat . M.S. of lincoln . C.S. of detective look o.s. Left . Pan right to Left with charnier come out from fonfon with three friend and they walk to the lincoln . Pan Left to right with lincoln pass in front of the detective . ext . cafe LA samaritaine High angle from balcony . Zoom on detective seat at the cafe , read a newspaper . cut on lincoln along sidewalk of the cafe , then zoom back to discover detective seat . ext . marseille street low angle from stair rue des repenties and Pan Left to right to rue sainte francoise follow the detective . Pan Left to right with detective from rue des repenties to rue baussenque . low angle between rue des moulins and rue des accoule with detective pass by . ext. rue du panier - the detective come out from the bakery camera right and start to climb up rue des moulins with he bread . ext . STREET High angle - on no. 50 rue des moulins . Pan Left to right with detective come up the street with he bread and go inside he house , start to open he letter-box . 2 . int . corridor High angle - complete reverse . as the detective start to open he letter - box in b.g. a hand point a gun move in foreground and blow off half of the french detective 's head with the first shot . cut to nicoli C.S. who just fire . ext . a bar in bed - stuy - day a large man in a Santa Claus suit and white beard be entertaining a group of black child . he lead they in the sing of a Christmas Carol ( hark the Herald angel sing ) . the man be detective first grade jimmy doyle . his attention be split between the child and the activity inside the bar . int . the bar - doyle's Pov - day the place be crowded with mid-day drinker . dimly outline at the far end of the bar be two black men involved in some kind of transaction in which a package be exchange for money . as the transaction seem to be complete , cut to ext . the bar - day Santa Claus ( doyle ) start to ring he big Christmas bell , above the sing . the bell be a signal to detective second grade buddy russo . at this moment russo be in the clothes of a hot dog vendor and be in fact work behind a hot dog wagon . at the ringing of doyle 's bell he take off he apron , leave the wagon , and run toward the bar . doyle ( as russo pass he ) the guy in the brown coat . int . the bar - day russo enter the bar on the run . he stop and look over the room . russo' Pov there be twenty or thirty men at the bar , at least ten be wear brown coat ! the two men involved in the deal see russo and start to run . one ( the buyer ) take off out of the back door . the other ( the pusher ) jump over the bar and head for the front entrance . 3. ext . the bar - day the pusher dash out past Santa Claus ( doyle ) . russo follow he and all three give chase . ext . bed -stuy tenement alley - day three figure run down a New York tenement alley , the first in flight , the other in pursuit . we pick up the incredible clutter of such a alley , mount of rusting beer can , paper bag of garbage bulg and rip open , old bed spring , burn out mattress , etc . ext . bed -stuy tenement alley - day Close shot of black pusher trip on the tangle of trash go up against the wall in he stumble , face toward the camera , and the figure of russo and doyle leaping upon he from off - camera . there be a blur or fast struggle as doyle and russo try to get he arm and put he against the wall . black pusher writhes loose and we close in on a knife in he hand , plunging rapidly into russo be leave forearm . russo Son of a bitch ! the word be both warning and a grunt of pain . as russo take the blade and utter the word , we simultaneously go to doyle crouching and snatching he .38 out of the right ankle holster . ext . bed -stuy tenement alley - day Close shot of doyle and the black pusher , doyle pistol - whipping he into submission with three lighten chop of the gun to the pusher be head . doyle continue to beat the man mercilessly into submission . int . doyle's car - day 3 - shot of black pusher sit between doyle and russo . doyle be at the wheel . black pusher be sit on he hand , wrist manacle behind he , he head down and drip blood onto the jacket and the canary - yellow turtleneck . all three be breathe hard . doyle what 's you name , asshole ? black pusher fuck you , Santa Claus ! doyle hit he across the face . 4. russo you name be Willie craven . black pusher do not look up . doyle who 's you connection , Willie ? what 's he name ? no response . russo who kill the old Jew in the laundromat ? black pusher 's brow furrow , look up just a little . black pusher I do not ... doyle ever pick you foot in poughkeepsie ? black pusher what ? doyle do you ever pick you foot in poughkeepsie ? black pusher I do not know what you be talkin ' about . doyle be you ever in poughkeepsie ? black pusher no ... yeah ... doyle do you ever sit on the edge of the bed , take off you sock and stick you finger between you toe ? black pusher man , I be clean . doyle you make three sale to you roach back there . we have to chase you through all this shit and you tell I you be clean ? 5 . russo who stick up the laundromat ? doyle how about that time you be pick you foot in poughkeepsie ? the black pusher be eye go to russo in panic , look for relief from the pressure of the inquisition . russo ( in pain ) you better give I the guy who get the old Jew or you better give I something or you be just a memory in this town . black pusher that 's a lot o' shit . I do not do nothin' . the black pusher 's eye be on doyle , freeze in confusion and fear . doyle you put a shiv in my partner . know what that mean ? all winter I gotta listen to he gripe about he bowl score . now I be gonna bust you ass for that three bag - then I be gonna nail you for pickin ' you foot in poughkeepsie . ext . headquarters narcotics bureau of the nypd 12 old slip and south street - night doyle and russo stand side by side on the front step of the old first precinct on the lower East side of Manhattan . russo have he overcoat over he shoulder as a cape . the sleeve of he leave arm be roll up over a blood-stain bandage on the leave forearm . doyle havin ' trouble ? you be a dumb guinea . russo how would I know he have a knife . doyle never trust a nigger . russo he coulda be white . 6 . doyle never trust anybody . you goin ' sick ? russo not a chance . russo nod in acceptance of the remark . the easy , synical rapport between they be obvious : they be partner in a business where somebody be always get hurt and pain be part of the inventory . doyle let 's popeye around the chez for a half hour , catch the end of the show and a couple drink . russo some other time Jimmy , I be beat . doyle reach into the right side pocket of buddy 's suitcoat for a cigarette and match . he light up two in the pause , stick one in russo 's mouth . doyle come on -- one drink . whatta you say ? russo drink this . doyle whip it out . int . the club - night the title commence the french connection titles over a close shot of a chorus line , with lot of tit and ass and lean , long leg in a brassy blare of music . we zoom back to the area where doyle and russo be beginning to occupy a table . russo take the seat on the right , eye immediately on all that ginch , while doyle stand , give they order . we do not hear the dialogue but doyle ask russo what he want buddy look up and say " cinzano . " doyle turn and say " two of this . " doyle slip into the chair opposite russo and the title roll on . unlike russo who be concentrate on the girl , doyle be digging the room and the people who occupy the table in it , as if he be the sort of man who cannot relax until he know who be around he , why they be there . 7. int . the club - night a long view from doyle 's position of the room , a quick certain survey that stumble twice ; on laughter that seem too raw and then over a flurry of activity by waiter and captain serve a table on the main floor . doyle 's attention be apprehend by the noise and activity that emanate from the same large table . doyle I make at least two junk connection at that table in the corner . the guy be the stripe combo , I know he too . russo hey , I think we come for a drink . int . the club - night a long view of the table with doyle and russo very close foreground , leave and right . doyle be lean on a elbow . doyle who be that guy ? russo policy man in queen . doyle what about the last of the big-time spender . you make he ? russo 's eye come off the show . it be a direct line from doyle 's gaze to the round , ruddy and arrogant face of sal boca , the apparent host of the table of EIGHT men and women , the Men in dinner jacket with tie tuck under the collar of blue or white lace - trim shirt , the woman in a mixture of pant suit and catskill cocktail party dress , they hair coiff tower . russo no , you ? doyle hunh -uh . check the bread . he spread it like the Russians be in Jersey . russo he probably sell insurance . own a chicken farm in hackensack . 8. Zoom in slowly on sal as he deal tip and order . through doyle 's eye , we go from Guest to Guest at sal 's table , take apart they manners and style as they talk and laugh , lose in the show chatter . int . the club - night doyle finish he drink , still look at the table . doyle dig who 's just come over . the creep on the end . int . the club - night the camera pan down the table to dig the " creep on the end . " russo ( vo ) jewish lucky from the bronx ... he do not look the same without a number across he chest . int . the club - night doyle close in right profile , sal 's table in the far blurred background . doyle whatta you say we wait and give he a tail ? russo give who a tail ? doyle the greaser with the blonde . russo what for -- you wanna play hide the salami with he old lady ? doyle come on -- just for fun -- int / ext . doyle's car - night the view from the back seat of doyle 's car . doyle be at the wheel , russo pack uncomfortably into the corner at doyle 's right . seventy - five yard away on the other side of the street the canopy entrance of the Club . a Continental be park in front of the club . the driver lean on a fender talk with the doorman . doyle frisk he own pocket for a cigarette , come up with a collection of laundry slip , crumpled note , toothpick and match . 9 . one of the slip of paper catch he eye as he be go through the ritual of the cigarette mooch , a slip bear the name of a girl . his attention be really on the entrance of the Club and both he conversation and the cigarette business be detach and incidental to the art of wait through the stakeout . he stuff the card back into he pocket . doyle monica ? who 's monica ? russo ( hand he a cigarette ) a and a , that 's all you be interested in -- arrest and ass . as soon as doyle have finish lighting the cigarette sal and he party come bubbling out of the Club noisily , a little drunkenly . sal wave to the attentive doorman . doyle close , lean forward over the wheel to put he hand on the ignition key . he do not turn it . he be wait for the cover of noise from the start of sal 's car . russo be turn the opposite corner of the car into a bend , he head back , arm across he chest . doyle cloudy , I will lay odd he take we to Little Italy . doyle reach under he seat for the straw surveillance hat - throw it up to read ledge of car . russo I be tell you , popeye , he own a bagel mine in the bronx . a long view of the Club entrance . sal and angie , a well - build " classy " blonde with good leg , get into they black mercury sedan . the mercury take off towards first Avenue . we hear doyle 's car start and we move off after they on the last blink of tail - light at the corner . ext . broadway - night cab , Daily News and Times delivery truck , bakery van and a few cruise cab , one or two passenger car and a coast green and black police cruiser -- this be the 4:30 a.m. traffic through which doyle move . a rear-window view of sal and angie boca , in animated conversation . his head be turn toward she , he hand raise in a gesture . angie be sit in a corner with she back to the door , in profile to the back window . 10 . her blonde head bobble with laughter over some remark sal have make . a long overhead view of the two car wheeling in and out of the sparse traffic . Close shot of the license plate on boca 's car . Close shot doyle stare at license plate , memorize it . ext . ratner be - day boca and angie exit restaurant , get into they car and drive off . hold for doyle 's car as it pass through after they . ext . mulberry STREET - day side close view of sal turn south into mott Street pan to pick up the italian name on the candy store , funeral parlor , bar , grocery store , social club . a long view of sal 's car from the doyle -russo auto , over the shoulder of the two cop . doyle be lean on the wheel of he car . he 's against the curb about 100 yard behind sal . medium close view of sal in the middle of mott Street , walk quickly toward the opposite side of the street , hand in the pocket of he white raincoat . he glance over he shoulder in the direction of doyle 's car . Close of russo who have come awake . the smart - ass demeanor have drop away . doyle turn to he and smile . this district be the heart of every illegal activity in New York . Close rear view of doyle and russo ducking down to the level of the dashboard , a reflex action . he could not see they at that distance , although sal , light by he own headlight , can be see in the background walk around the car , across the sidewalk and stop at a recess doorway . medium close shot of sal and partially visible figure at the doorway . with another glance up the street , sal take something out of he raincoat pocket and step up and into the doorway . int . doyle's car - day Close from the front of doyle and russo low against the dashboard . doyle it 's a drop ! doyle 's face , close , light smile . 11 . Long view of sal walk down the sidewalk quickly for about a quarter of a block while the headlight of he car , with angie apparently drive , move up with he . at another doorway , he look back and then step inside . ext . brooklyn bridge - day Long view of sal 's mercury move over Brooklyn Bridge . Close shot of the doyle -russo car from russo 's side . buddy now interested , watch . ext . brooklyn - day overhead view of car circle block , first mercury turn corner , then doyle 's Ford . Long shot of the mercury pull up beside line of park car ( as see from doyle -russo car ) stop and parking . hold on mercury as sal and angie get out of it . sal lock it up , and start to walk toward a line of park car . Close shot from rear seat of doyle and russo glance at each other . sal and angie stop in the street beside beat - up white dodge . without a word they get in . hold as they get in , sal start and they begin to drive out of the spot . Close on doyle . doyle it 's startin ' to cook , cloudy , my man be cookin ' ... a series of impressionist travel shot of the white dodge and doyle 's Ford move through Brooklyn street , pick up street sign of area . medium close shot of the white dodge pull into the curb . in near background , a candy - confectionery store . int . doyle's car - day Close shot of doyle and russo in profile drive past the candy store as sal and angie open door and go in . Close shot of doyle and russo park . doyle be look in the rear-view mirror while buddy be turn around on the seat , look out the rear window . a long shot , from the doyle -russo viewpoint of the candy store . the door be open , the street be desert . light be go on in the little shop . 12 . hold on the storefront as sal appear , this time in a candy store operator 's smock over a white undershirt , baggy slack . he 's carry a stack of newspaper . Zoom in on sal stack the Sunday Times and the Daily News on the rack in front of the store as angie appear in the doorway . she 's blackhair now , the blonde wig go , also wear a grey cotton smock over a plain skirt and sweater , hold a cup of coffee . we hold on they for a beat , then CUT to : doyle and russo close just look at each other . the look say everything about the freak case they have stumble into . ext . quay marseille shipyard 1 ) tight two shot then , 2 ) cut into blue print . charnier en prolongeant les quais d'une trentaine de m'tre on pourra recevoir des unité d'une cargaison de 500 tonne . 3 ) while he show the extension , clean p.o.v . of each quay . 4 ) dolly Left to right with Notre - Dame in background . they fold the blue print and move . foreman marcel et combien d'homme supplémentaire ? charnier can fera environ 10 homme de plus par équipe . marcel Le syndicat exigera un minimum de 12 . charnier quelle importance . ce qui compte pour moi c'est d'avoir un chantier qui puisse recevoir les plus grand bateaux du monde . marcel dis moi vieille branche ? comment fais tu pour rester si jeune avec la vie que tu mone ? charnier quelle vie marcel ? j'ai plus rien foutu depuis que je suis descendu de ces cabine . 13 . ext . nunnery ext . corniche - hi - way ( berger ) Pan Left to right lincoln drive by Jean with charnier behind . ext . cassis crossroad in front of marseille sign post lincoln pass by . ext . cassis harbour from casino Pan right to Left with lincoln pass by . ext . cassis road leading to villa Pan right to Left with lincoln arrive from main road to villa . ext . villa cassis camera in front of garage where the lincoln stop . charnier come out with gift and walk right to Left . ext . villa cassis Pan Left to right with charnier walk along terrace with cassis bay in b.g. , and we discover he wife , Marie . she get up . dolly back . charnier bonjour chérie . they kiss each other and walk arm in arm back to we . ext . villa cassis Close 2 - shot favour she . he give she the gift . charnier tu sais j'ai réfléchi longuement à ton cadeau pour le voyage . je l'ai choisi moi-même . tien . marie je peux l'ouvrir tout de suite ? charnier Si tu veux . 14 . marie ( open the gift ) oh Alain ! c'est merveilleux ! tu I gite . je t'aime . attend , je vais the montrer moi aussi ce que j'ai acheté . charnier encore du sho ping ! ext . villa l.s. Pan right to leave from under the tree follow she as she leave charnier to enter in the house . ext . villa C.S. of charnier along the terrace . he throw a fishing pole in the sea . ext . villa pan right to left with Marie come back with a new coat . marie regarde mon pêcheur de baleine ... tu sais il va faire try froid cet hiver . charnier avec ça tu pourra le supporter . marie mais non , c'est pour toi . charnier pour moi ? marie regarde , il the va parfaitement bien ! charnier formidable ! san toi je m'habillerais encore en docker . ( then , take off coat ) je suis passé voir françoise . marie comment va-t-elle ? charnier je n'ai jamais vu tant de sérenité . elle m'a demandé de tes nouvelle et si nous étion heureux . 15 . marie Le somme nous ? charnier ( he kiss she ) non ! ext . boat - car park complete Pan Left to right with lincoln pass in front of samaritaine cafe . Driver pull out . charnier come out from lincoln and we follow he as he cross Left to right and jump into the boat which move out . from boat back shot . charnier stand in the move boat and smoking as marseille diminish in b.g. open sea shot from the boat approach chateau d' if . on peer Pan right to Left as charnier get out of boat and start to climb up . High angle through first stone door with sea in b.g. charnier come up and turn right to Left . High angle -- Pan Left to right -- low angle , with charnier come up from 2nd arch to 3rd arch through which we see the tower in b.g. ext . chateau d'if - 1st platform Pan Left to right with charnier arrive on terrace . ext . chateau d'if - charnier - he Pov nicoli back to we . he turn leave shoulder as we approach to he . ext . chateau d'if - two shot dolly back precede charnier and nicoli after they meet and Pan Left to right to the rotonde . charnier can a marché ? 16 . nicoli au poil . they turn around . charnier sale boulot . nicoli Il fallait le faire . charnier Il est en retard . nicoli je crois qu 'on fait une erreur de le prendre avec nous . charnier Une erreur ! c'est génial . c'est une vedette à la télévision . Il peut aller partout san être soupçonné ... en plus il a besoin de fric . nicoli j'ai pas confiance en lui . charnier sois gentil avec lui . on not sait jamais . Il peut the faire travailler à la télévision . ext . chateau d'if cut on devereau arrive . he see they . ext . chateau d'if Pan Left to right bring charnier and nicoli towards devereaux to finish in 3 - shot . charnier henri c'est gentil d'être venu . je vous présente mon associé , Pierre nicoli . henri devereaux . devereaux enchanté . ( they shake hand ) Alain , j'ai réfléchi à votre proposition et j'ai décidé d'accepter . 17 . surveillance montage of sal boca 's activity . from time to time doyle and russo be visible , but they dialogue be for the most part voice over . int / ext . brooklyn candy store - day various shot of sal and angie . several shot of doyle and russo in the candy store : read magazine , have lunch separately . they be also see in the leather factory across the street observe the candy store . several character enter the candy store from time to time and go into the back room . follow be a series of cut ( mos ) to be use with the v.o. dialogue of russo and doyle . int . candy store - day sal count the receipt . two or three customer in the bg . sal remove a tray of Ziti from the oven . angie make a order to go . sal remove garbage from the back area . russo ( v.o. ) we friend 's name be salvatore boca . they call he sal . he 's a sweetheart . he once be pick up on suspicion of armed robbery . try to hold up Tiffany 's on fifth Avenue ! in broad daylight ! could have get two - and - a-half to five , but they would not prosecute . also downtown they be sure he pull off a contract on a guy name demarco . ext . candy store - day sal put garbage into can . Pan and Zoom to doyle and russo in window of factory across the street . int . candy store - day angie carry bowl of hard - boil egg from rear of store to the front . doyle ( v.o. ) his old lady ? angie make a tuna sandwich on a roll . a cigarette dangle from she lip . sal be in bg at cash register with customer . 18 . russo ( v.o. ) her name 's Angie ... fast filly ... she draw a suspend for shoplift a year ago ... only a kid , nineteen accord to the marriage license . from front of store look to back . doyle ( v.o. ) yeah , nineteen goin ' on fifty . what else ? russo be at counter eat lunch with three other ... angie serve . she wear a sleeveless sweater ; show lot of tit . russo dig ... she dig he . a wise guy come in , go to the back room . sal follow . russo ( v.o. ) he 's have the store a year a 'a half ... take in a fast seven grand a year . ext . candy store - day Pov from factory window ... two Wise guy in big coat and hat pull up in a big car . they enter store . doyle ( v.o. ) so what 's he doin ' with two car and hundred dollar tabs at the chez ? int . candy store - day Angie shoot from back of store towards front . the two Wise guy enter , go to back room . sal follow . they close door . doyle be at the magazine counter in front . he sit down with magazine . order coffee . russo ( v.o. ) the merc 's in he wife 's name . dodge belong to he brother . ward island - day a heavy - face , dirty look man in a sanitation dept. uniform in a group of man practise with sanitation truck . russo ( v.o. ) Lou ... he 's a trainee at the sanitation School on Ward 's Island . served time a couple of year ago , on assault and robbery rap . 19 . several shot - day ext . candy store lou pull up . as lou pick up sal . they drive to various building in Brooklyn . one or the other get out briefly , then go on . doyle and russo watch from doyle 's car . suydam STREET doyle if that 's not a drop or a pickup , I will open a charge for you at bloomingdale 's . russo make it Alexander 's , I like the toy department . doyle toy wit ' this will ya . ext / int . " mickey' two door " - day russo there 's about a hundred year ' parole time in there night or day . sal arrive alone . doyle and russo in park car across street . doyle they treat we boy like a king . wonder why he do not bring he old lady ? sal flirt with the barmaid . russo there 's you answer ... through ridgewood - day restaurant , store , etc . doyle who 's the greaser ? with sal and he father . russo it 's he father . doyle and russo in park car . 20 . doyle I think we oughta burn he on suspicion . russo suspicion of what ? doyle makin ' wine in the basement . ( pause ) he look like that wop stooge use to drive for the fracisi brother . lou join they . he and sal leave together after each kiss and embrace the old man . russo Lay off with that wop stuff , will you ? ext . weinstock's apt . build - day in the East 80' . sal exit . doyle that 's the third time he come here this week . you get anything on the building ? doyle and russo in park car . russo the building 's clean . I check the tenant list -- Don ameche , the actor life there -- oh , and somebody else . do the name Joel weinstock ring a bell ? time lapse late day . weinstock leave building , nodd to doorman . doyle you be kiddin ' doyle and russo in park car . russo no sir -- this be where Joel life . doyle he be the bank on that shipment outta Mexico three year ago . 21 . russo so I have hear . ext . candy store - night sal and angie leave . doyle whatta you know -- he 's takin ' he wife out for a change . doyle and russo in park car . int . leather factory - day across street from candy store . doyle and russo at the printing machine . doyle ( at leather printing machine ) get a job for I when this be over , Mrs. levene ? they have a view of the candy store across street . various people go in and out . next to doyle , at a stamp machine , be mrs . levene , the factory owner . mrs . levene what be you fellow look for ? what do you want from that nice candy store ? doyle we have reason to believe it 's a front for the biggest counterfeit operation in the country . mrs . levene what ? doyle that 's right . they be try to steal the formula for hershey bar -- doyle continue he work at the print - out machine , while observe the candy store . we see sal leave the store . he cross to he car , near the russo car . as he pass it , he see russo lock in embrace with a lady in a babushka . as sal drive off , we get a closer look at the " lady " in the babushka : detective jame doyle . 22 . int . russo' car on triboro bridge crossing to ward island doyle what the hell be I drivin ' for ? I be a first grade detective . you be a second grade guinea . russo I be wounded . oh , oh . sal up ahead in the mercury . doyle ( at the wheel ) what ? ext . ward be island - bridge the mercury crossing the bridge to the Island . russo he 's goin ' to Ward 's Island . we will get spot . what the hell 's he goin ' there ? doyle-russo car b.g. doyle maybe he 's goin ' to see he brother . doyle or could be another drop . I guess he get a free ride . ext . brooklyn STREET - day a Brooklyn slum street on a morning in November . it be about 11 o'clock and relatively quiet . a scatter of tenement urchins give the street some sound and life . there be a couple of dark shop on the street and a bar , all appear to be close . we look down the street and pick up doyle and russo come down it , walk very quickly . they be head toward the bar . a young man be come out - they grab he and throw he back . int . bar room - day the Young man be throw in , follow by doyle and russo . there be about 20 or 30 puetro rican and black men in the joint , a couple of black women . they be in all manner of dress . half of they be wear shade . the bar be noisy with conversation , laughter and music . 23 . doyle and russo stand in the doorway , doyle slightly to the leave , russo a little behind he . doyle 's arm be at he side . russo 's right hand be cross over he belt , under he jacket and on the butt of he .38 , ready , wait to back he partner 's play or respond to any move within the bar . doyle move into the bar alone . he pull the plug out of the juke box , plunging the room to silence . doyle hand on you head . popeye 's here ! twenty man raise hand to they head as one . the raggle - taggle swarm play a kind of human chicken , refuse to move until the last moment then step out of he way . one of the customer do not . doyle what 's my name ? 1st man doyle . doyle what ? 1st man Mr. doyle . doyle ever pick you foot in poughkeepsie ? 1st man what ? doyle raise he leave arm and push the man aside . the man 's eye go to russo , off - camera at the door , and back to doyle . he do not resist ; he get in line with the rest of they , a line form about four or five foot from the bar , run the length of it . Close of doyle at the bar , hold a ashcan and skim the metal underrail with one finger , knock off the magnetize key box into the ashcan . he be not even look at they . his eye be across the bar , stare down the customer . Close shot of the ashcan and the little metal box clinking into it . Close shot of doyle , the ashcan now on the bar , open one of the box , take out the ten dollar bill , put it on the bar . 24 . then , open another , take out the glassine deck of heroin . then another , contain a glassine deck . he empty the glassine envelope on the bar into a cocktail mixer which he proceed to shake . the shaker be half - fill with tomato juice . doyle lean over the bar toward the glaring crowd , pour the mixture into the ashcan . doyle milk shake anyone ? he wiggle he finger . it be a command for three men to step forward . the men do not move at first . doyle move ass when I tell you . they move , shuffle , hesitatingly . but they move -- two black and a puetro rican . doyle put it on the bar . hand of the three men go into pocket . Close of a miscellany of key , coin , cigarettes go onto the bar -- with two hypodermics , six or eight marijuana cigarettes , a small plastic vial of barbiturate . doyle ( collect the work ) all right , you three clown step into that phone booth , you be goin ' in . go on . stand in there till I be ready for you . the three man turn and enter the individual phone booth . they stand , wait , like contestant in the $ 64 question . doyle everybody go when the whistle blow . russo be with another man from whom he 's just take a set of work . russo what 's you story ? dancer gimme a break , Mr. russo . I be in show business . 25 . russo you be in show business . dancer s'right . doyle what do you do in show business ? dancer I be a dancer . russo all right , get up on that bar and dance . dancer what ? russo get up on the bar and show I how you work . if I like it you do not have to go in . dancer you be for real ? jerry leon hey man , why do not you let the fella alone . russo ( a shout ) be I talkin ' to you - jerry leon no , but I be talkin ' to you . russo I be tellin ' you to shut up and stand over there . russo ( to dancer ) get up there . the man climb up on the bar . dancer I get no music ! russo Fake it . 26 . the man go into a fast tap dance . but he only get in a few step -- doyle all right , that 's enough , you be under arrest . russo pull the man off the bar , send he into one of the phone booth . doyle come down the front of the bar . he stop before another man , who have just come out of the toilet . doyle what about you ? can you stand a toss ? 2 nd man I be clean . doyle you do not use shit ? 2 nd man no. ( he go for he wallet ) doyle do I say you could move that hand -- I be not gonna get stick be I ? 2 nd man no - no . doyle Cause if I do . doyle frisk the man . come up with vial of pill and two roach . doyle Wise guy , huh ? let 's see what else you get . ( to russo ) - buddy ! he collar the man and shove he towards the toilet . russo , eye move everywhere , hand on the gun . 27 . russo if I see any shit on the floor , it 's yours , so keep you eye on you neighbor . Inside the toilet of the bar . the man be up against the wall . doyle be only inch away . the man be a agent and this be the only way doyle can get immediate information from he without destroy the man 's cover . they conversation be in whisper . and very fast . doyle how 's everything ? 2 nd man everything be everything . doyle how come there 's nothing out there ? that stuff be all milk . 2 nd man there 's nothing around . nobody 's hold . doyle I get a name - sal boca , Brooklyn . 2 nd man boca ? doyle b.o.c.a. 2 nd man do not register . doyle get a wife name Angie . 2 nd man no , nothing . there 's only some talk . doyle what ? 2 nd man come in this week , week after . everybody go to get well . doyle who bring it ? 28 . 2 nd man who know ? doyle where do you want it ? 2 nd man this side . door of toilet . there be a hell of a crash and slamm behind it . door open and doyle step out over the crumpled prostrate form of the informer . he have just deck the man to continue the protection of the cover . he pause halfway down the line as if he 's speculate on beat up another one because he do not get any information . but he decide that would be futile too . doyle I be goin ' check on this address in the bronx , if you be bullshit I , it 's you ass . russo tell everybody we will be back in a hour . doyle ( to all ) we be goin ' now ! Goodbye . ext . passenger ship - day Close shot of devereaux , New York harbor in the background , be interview by television reporter on he arrival in the U.S. abroad a passenger ship . he be smile , jovial , charming . reporter 1 how long will you be here ? devereaux not long enough . two ... perhaps three ... week at most . medium close shot of devereaux and three tv reporter , as they talk , a crane move into action behind they and lift out of hold . LA valle be with devereaux as translator and interpreter . girl tv reporter why do you come by ship , Mr. devereaux ? 29 . devereaux the next several week will be very difficult and the middle of the ocean be the only place where the telephone be not ringing all the time . reporter what will be the viewpoint of you documentary . devereaux to make a frenchman feel what it be like to be a New Yorker . LA valle that 's enough now , lady and gentleman . M. devereaux be due at he hotel in half a hour . overhead the lincoln come down from the hold of the ship . ext . west side drive - day a long view of the pier from the opposite ( east ) side of West Street , beneath the steel truss and girder of the West side drive and through the forest of car that be park there , the jam of traffic that develop around every unload vessel . it be a view that take in the front end of the lincoln inching off the pier . henri devereaux at the wheel , turn to he right . we watch until the point of view on the sidewalk . alain charnier and pierre nicoli be stand there watch . when the car ( off -camera ) turn east on the way to the garage , nicoli glance to charnier . charnier do not look back . ext . doral HOTEL - lincoln pull in - day int . police office - night Close shot of walter simonson at desk in the large square office he occupy as a Lieutenant of detective in charge of the Manhattan narcotics Bureau . he be the immediate superior of russo and doyle , head of the 200 - man narcotic squad that police Manhattan . simonson ( with coffee cup ) all that be great -- but you guy work bed -stuy . you be not suppose to be in ridgewood . doyle , russo and simonson 30 . doyle detach we . let we have a shot at it , at least until we see if there 's anything here or not . everybody want weinstock , right ? so maybe here 's a lead . we deserve it . simonson you could not burn a three - time loser with what you be bring in here . you know you stiff could run yourselves a entrapment rap . the guy have do nothing -- Brooklyn be full of candy store guy with two car who like to go to nightclub . russo put this little candy hustler together with Joel weinstock and it could be we stumble into a big score . simonson ( move to window ) Big score ! he 's dealin ' a few bag here and there on the side . doyle simonson , I would not be infring on you coffee break if I think he be a nickel and dimer . simonson you hunch have backfire before , doyle . doyle , close , no comment . back to simonson . simonson ( move back to stand at desk ) Jimmy , what the hell 's happen with you lately ? ( pause ) you get more collar than any narc in the bureau . what be it . over 100 last year ? terrific . but who ? ( more ) 31 . simonson ( cont 'd ) you stop and shake down a bellboy because he 's get three joint in he sock . you hit a high school kid in short pants who look like he 's get a twitch . russo . get it back on the track . russo ( move in to desk ) we get information that there 's no shit in the street -- it 's like a desert full of junky with a big score come in to make everybody well . doyle doyle this could be it , walter . this candy store guy , put on a big show in a fancy nightclub with know connection all over he . then on we own , after work the whole day and night , we tail he out to Brooklyn and sit on he for a week practically , and who do we come up with ? Joel weinstock . ( he lean forward ) you gotta let we have it . three shot - russo , doyle , simonson simonson ( pause , he turn to russo ) you really believe all this crap ? russo I go with my partner . a pause . simonson what will it take ? russo first a wire . doyle two wire . one on the store and one on he house . 32 . simonson you know I have to get a court order for wiretaps . russo try ... okay ? doyle we know you can do it , walter . they start to leave . Close on simonson . simonson popeye ... Close on doyle at the door . russo beside he . back to simonson simonson you still pickin ' you foot in poughkeepsie ? wiretap sequence " a " int . basement russo on phone -- check note on sal . doyle read comic on cot . tape machine click on -- tape be activate . russo sit attentively . ext . candy store - day shot of wire . 33 . sal ( v.o. ) russo what 's this crap . I just ( he rap on table speak to my wife and she with a coffee cup . say you be raisin ' I a doyle get up . ) halfa cent on the cup . c'mere and lissen to you big connection . wholesaler ( doyle come over ) ( v.o. ) he 's fightin ' with somebody yeah , well you know I about a halfa cent . shoulda raise this here a long time ago . we get a doyle inflation period ... how we gonna keep simonson from hearin ' this ? sal ( v.o. ) I get you inflation . I can russo get the same cup on delancey if he do , we will be back in Street for what I be bed-stuyvesant tomorrow . payin ' you for the last year -- that 's all I gotta do with you guy -- next time it will be two cent on the cone , then two cent on the seltzer -- wholesaler ( v.o. ) c'mon sal , I get my order , too -- sal ( v.o. ) well , if you can not do better than that , you can stick the cup . ext . auto graveyard ( hunt point and east river ) - day high angle : Close shot of charnier , marie and LA valle walk slowly together toward the camera . they be at the auto graveyard and the scene of a auction of car tow off New York street by the Police Department . about twenty other man be walk around , look at the car . a policeman blow a whistle and the prospective car buyer gather around the auction trailer in the b.g . LA valle there be four auto graveyard like this one in the other borough , handle about a thousand vehicle a month . that that be not claim be auction here once a month . marie just for mistake of parking ? 34 . LA valle no. many be involved in crime and confiscate ... or just abandon . this be , as you know , you prime source of scrap metal , M. charnier . marie ( off camera ) darling , may I have this one ? medium close shot marie , stand next to a lot . marie it look so lonesome here . charnier and LA valle approach she . charnier it would look even more lonesome in we garage . int . the auction trailer - day within the large trailer , about twenty men be seat at two long bench to each side . some be stand to the rear . at the front , a auctioneer stand at a lectern . to he leave sit a clerk at a small table . the auctioneer wear a sweater and hat . the buyer be tough type , young and old . all have inventory list . the atmosphere be informal . the charnier and LA valle enter the trailer at the back . auctioneer every car sell today must be remove at the purchaser 's own expense . we have no key or anything to start the vehicle with . you buy them as you see them and where you see them . all right , the first car offer be number 24398 . a plymouth sedan . do I hear fifteen dollar ? the bid go up to forty dollar . a large burly man win the bid . he go up to the clerk and accept the bill of sale . auctioneer we go to 24399 -- a pontiac Station wagon . do I hear ten dollar ? LA valle ( aside to charnier ) notice he will never mention the year of the car . 35 . auctioneer I get a fifteen dollar bid go ... do I hear anymore ... eighteen ... who will say eighteen ? twenty ... twenty -three ... anymore ... twenty -five . twenty - five once -- do I hear twenty - eight ... all right , last call for twenty - five ... Close shot of charnier charnier ( aside of LA valle ) and this be the car we be buy for shipment ? Close shot of charnier , marie and LA valle . they be face the auctioneer . LA valle yes , sir . that man in the dark jacket be we buyer . Close shot of the buyer , lou boca . he be very active and win the present bid . wiretap sequence " B " int . basement doyle and russo play gin Rummy , listen at each end of one phone - break up . ext . house - night shot of wire . angie ( v.o. ) ( sleepy ) where be you ? sal ( v.o. ) takin ' care o' business , honey . angie ( v.o. ) takin ' care o' business -- it 's after midnight . sal ( v.o. ) you know I hadda meet some people tonight -- 36 . angie ( v.o . ) -- well finish all you meetin ' people and get back here now -- and bring a pizza with you . sal ( v.o. ) where be I goinna get a pizza this time o' night ? angie ( v.o. ) well try , okay ? sal ( v.o. ) I do not know where I be gonna find a pizza joint open . angie ( v.o. ) sal -- sal ( v.o. ) yeah ? angie ( v.o. ) do not forget anchovy . ( she hang up ) sal ( v.o. ) this broad 's crazy ! ext . ward island ( under west abutment of the hellgate bridge ) pick up charnier , marie and maurice lavalle as the camera play over the bridge : ( in french ) charnier ( v.o. ) it 's beautiful . LA valle ( v.o . ) it be build in 1917 - and be one of the two heaviest bridge in the world . the arch be still the large in the world . charnier who finance it ? 37 . LA valle two railroad as part of a connect railway which provide passage from New England to the South . it be actually the first railroad through New York City . marie why be it call hellgate ? LA valle the river at this point be the most dangerous on the East Coast . year ago , hundred of ship go down here . charnier if this bridge be in Europe , it would be on every tourist 's sight - see list . LA valle most New yorker never notice it - most Americans have never hear of it . charnier look how gracefully they conceive that arch . like a bowstring . it be build from both end . with no support in the middle . beautiful . LA valle mmm . marie Alain be the only man I know who can become as enthusiastic about a bridge as he can about a woman . charnier not any woman , Marie . just one . ext . old road in ward island charnier , marie and LA valle walk . ( near garage ) 38 . LA valle I be afraid the rest of Ward 's Island be not nearly as romantic - a pollution plant , a hospital , a training school for garbage man and that area over there , where the old car be keep , prior to be process for shipment to , among other place , the charnier ship company , of marseille , France . ( near crematorium ) marie what be that old building ? LA valle oh , it 's be abandon for year . marie what be it ? LA valle it be a crematorium . marie for garbage ? LA valle for dead body . wiretap sequence " C " int . basement doyle on phone . charnier ( v.o. ) allo ... salvatore ... sal ( v.o. ) who 's this -- charnier ( v.o. ) ... salvatore ?... russo enter with a bag of sandwich and cigarettes . doyle wave he to the phone . 39 . sal ( v.o. ) russo ... oh ... yes ... yeah ... who be it ? hello ... this be sal ... how be ya ? doyle sound like a foreigner ... charnier ( v.o. ) very well ... you meet I russo Wednesday at the hotel ... ( listen at the okay ? other phone ) french ... it 's a frenchman ... sal ( v.o. ) good ... good ... great ! doyle this be what we be waitin' charnier ( v.o. ) for -- the stuff be here ! will I expect you ? it 's here ! sal ( v.o. ) what time ? charnier ( v.o. ) twelve o'clock ... yes ... sal ( v.o. ) yes -- the phone click off . doyle and russo round each other and jump up and down like two kid . int . whip girl apt . Close shot of nicoli 's face . he 's be whipped , and be catch in a ecstasy of pain and pleasure . the tempo of the stroke rise . suddenly it reach a crescendo and he scream out in orgasm . Close , full - length shot of a nude blonde girl , wear only black boot and silk panty . she 's walk away from the camera , throw aside a small cat -o-nine - tail flagellant whip . we can hear nicoli 's heavy breathe until the girl speak as she move toward a couch . medium close shot of nicoli , tie he tie shrugging into overcoat . medium close shot of nicoli , look at the bill with a pause to sort out the currency difference , then take out five twenty . Close shot of the whip girl take the five then move up to the look of annoyance and disappointment on she face . 40 . whip girl you be fifty dollar short . the look of anger turn to one of consternation as nicoli react to she . whip girl m'sieru - the tab for this scene be a hundred and a half . ( he move to door ) hey frenchie - if you do not come up with the scratch , you be gonna run into my man downstairs . medium close shot of nicoli advance on the whip girl as she back away and begin to cringe . he grab she and hurl she back across the couch . Close shot of the girl . whip girl do not hit I . do not. please . we hear the door slam as she sob . whip girl you filthy faggot sonofabitch . int . cutting room - day Close shot of two pro football player smear each other on the field , other fall on top of they . medium close shot of devereaux at a Movie - ola work out he narration ( dialogue in french ) devereaux this be the new american religion , professional football . it be where everybody go instead of church on Sunday to express that peculiar american taste for bloodsh and violence . several close shot of the violent action . intercut with face of the crowd . Close shot of devereaux . 41 . devereaux this man , play a " game " - make more money each year than many important business leader , artist or government official . ( zoom out ) it tell we something about this country and how its man live , or go to war with a smile , and sometimes die without a cause . the phone ring - it be charnier . editor it 's for you - Alain charnier . hold close up of devereaux . int . mutchie be bar - night in lower Manhattan . there be six or EIGHT matron still there , stevedore and truck driver . most of they be cluster at the far end of the bar , where mutchie , a gray - haire go - to- paunch irishman with spectacle as thick as pop-bottle bottom stand behind the mahogany bar . the cluster of customer be involved in a typical New York saloon argument . doyle be ignore the debate and watch the television . he be approach by a small man in a long coat and baggy suit with suspender . this be jesus the booster . jesus hey , bo . doyle hiya , Jesus . jesus can you use a new suit for christman ? doyle whatta you get ? jesus reach into he trousers and pull out three suit ( jacket and pants ) . they be of the latest style and color , and still on hanger ! jesus whatta you ?... a 44 ... 46 ? doyle examine one of the jacket . 42 . doyle where would you get this fag shit ? jesus this be what the tough guy be wearin' . you know I only steal from the best . it 's bonwit teller . doyle pass . jesus forty dollar -- be $ 250 . doyle why not you get it dry clean and burn . jesus blend into the crowd and we pick up the dialogue of mutchie and he croney , bad eddie , lee and puggy . mutchie a big man could alluz beat a little man . that 's why wilt Chamberlain could murder Jim Brown if they ever fight . bad eddie no chance . Brown would kill he . mutchie Chamberlain 's seven foot tall , right ? he 's get a twelve - foot reach . it 's geophysics . he 's punchin ' down on you with leverage . he cave you chest in . bad eddie best I ever see be the rock . he be the calmest and the meanest . guy like sugar would be pukin ' before a fight . Jake lamotta would be pukin ' . marciano be calm like he be goin ' to church . what about the night he fight lastarza ? he hit he so hard he break the blood vessel in lastarza 's arm . he be the strongest meanest bastard ever live . puggy hey , mutchie , give we another bullet . mutchie pour he a straight scotch in a shotglass . 43. mutchie blackjack burn could be the great ever -- puggy -- he be a stone tanker . mutchie that 's right , he could not fight legit . one night at the Garden about 1950 , ' 51 -- he fight either Jake lamotta or Gus lesnevich , I think it be -- he take one o' that cream puff punch in the sixth -- the laziest leave you ever see -- miss he entirely . down go blackjack without even workin ' up a sweat and the whole Garden get up in its foot and I swear to Christ , everybody start singin ' " dance with I Henry . " lee I fight a guy in Cleveland once . I know he be a dirty fighter so I stick a crowbar in my crotch . right here . second round he give I a shot -- boom -- he break he hand , the fight 's over . puggy fuck it , I like nitroglycerin , that 's my game . mutchie what about you , doyle ? who 's the best fighter you ever see ? doyle ( a few drink behind he ) Willie may . bad eddie &amp ; lee Willie may ?! doyle with a baseball bat ! one swing ! knock you fuckin ' head off . time lapse . the drinker be go . mutchie be at the bar clean up . doyle be in the open adjoin kitchen area cooking breakfast . 44 . mutchie what ya doin ' out so late ? hidin ' from the cop ? doyle I hear the health department be go to close this joint for sell dirty beer . I come by to help you carry out you money . mutchie they will close you down if they ever get a look at that bust - valise broad you run with . doyle you want some egg . mutchie why not ? doyle ( look around for bacon ) hey , mutch ! you want bacon ? mutchie yeah ! doyle ( rattling pan , look around ) where the hell be it ? mutchie where the hell do you think it be , potato head ? doyle open the door to the icebox . mutchie no wonder there 's so many mafia around . ya could not find a Puerto rican in Spanish harlem . time lapse . almost morning . Close on doyle and mutchie eat bacon and egg . mutchie be stand behind the bar as he eat , doyle be sit in front of it . they both have a bottle of beer . 45 . mutchie I get this little chick I be tryin ' to hit on . she 's about 20 , 21 ... I take she to jilly 's last night and she 's tellin ' I about how she want to settle down one day , get marry ... I say , " hey , this be 1971 , baby , I be just a dirty old man lookin ' to score with some pussy . " doyle Strike out , eh ? mutchie yeah . in the late inning . ya look like a night 's sleep would not kill ya . doyle a piece of ass would not kill I . mutchie when ya go back on ? doyle Morning . sometime . mutchie why not ya stretch out on the pool table for a couple hour . the kid come in at six will wake ya . a couple egg and a beer be cheaper than keepin ' a dog around the joint . ext . mutchie be bar - day Close of doyle go to he car . he stop for a light . doyle be red-ey and in need of a shave . he fidget through he pocket look for a cigarette but do not find one . as he drive along a girl cyclist come into view alongside . we view be doyle 's view of she long , lean taper leg . if he look further , and doyle always look further , he will see there be a bra-band sweater cover she well - form breast . the pendulous swing be there as she bend over the handlebar . Close front view of doyle look back to the light , then back to the leg . Close outside view , the cyclist , of doyle lean out the window with he badge in he hand . 46 . doyle you get a pedaller 's license ? girl what ? doyle you be under arrest . int . simonson office - day medium close shot of russo and simonson . phil klein , a federal narcotic agent , be read aloud from a article in the New York Daily News . mulderig be listen and sip coffee . Close shot of bill mulderig , a fed narcotic agent . mulderig whatta you get -- four more year , walter ? medium close of simonson and russo simonson Three . Close shot of mulderig . mulderig Christ , by the time you get out all this shit will be legal . Wide shot of room , take in simonson , russo , mulderig and phil klein . simonson hand buddy a stack of warrant . simonson ( rise , to russo ) the judge give you ten day on this . klein and mulderig will be sit in for the federal . tell doyle they will make all the busy , and that they be to be keep inform of everything that go down . simonson turn to mulderig . simonson you know doyle , do not you Bill ? Close of mulderig . 47 . mulderig ( rise ) sure , I know popeye . the master of undercover , whose brilliant idea of disguise be to limp into a room on he leave foot and limp out on he right . whose brilliant hunch cost the death of a good officer -- Close of russo russo if that 's how you be come in , why not stay home and save we all a lot of grief . mulderig , close . mulderig that 's just my opinion . russo , close . russo why not you shove it up you ass ! ext . doyle's apartment build - day Long shot of russo approach housing project group of building . this be where doyle life . int . hallway to doyle's apartment russo ring the bell . no response . he knock . again nothing . he hear a shower work inside the apartment . russo popeye . no answer . russo popeye . doyle ( off , weakly ) yeah . russo it 's cloudy . open the door . doyle ( off ) I can not . 48 . russo why not ? doyle ( off ) let yourself in . russo reach into he jacket pocket and get a celluloid card , he pba card , which he slide into the door at the lock . he give it a juggle and the lock be free but the door move grudgingly . int . doyle's apartment - day the door to doyle 's apartment , a close view from inside . there 's a bike propped against it and buddy russo be try to push it open from the outside . russo ( behind door ) what the hell you get hold the door ? the bike teeter and fall with a crash and russo come into the room puzzle , exasperate . int . apartment - russo' Pov - day doyle be anklecuff to the bedpost at the foot of the bed . russo what happen to you ? doyle ( sleepy ) the crazy kid handcuff I to the bed . with my own cuff . the shower go off . russo put the bike upright on its stand and squeeze the horn , which make a loud beep . the bike girl appear in the bathroom door , wrap in a towel . bike girl oh ! russo see key on dresser - toss it to doyle . there be clothes all over the place , the girl 's cycle outfit , doyle 's pants and shoe and sock . the decor be completely impersonal . russo look up . 49 . russo ( look at scrapbook on dresser ) you oughta get plastic cover for this stuff like I do - you scrapbook 's a mess like everything else in you life . russo go to chair . doyle gimme my pants . russo , who be half sit on they , pull the pants loose and hand they to doyle . doyle you get the warrant ? russo ( sit ) we also get Bill mulderig and phil klein . Close on doyle , buttone he pants . doyle what do we need that prick for ? medium close on russo pick around through the clothes , come up with a pair of panty . he hold they out . russo because by actual count we bureau have exactly nine hundred eighteen dollar and fifty - four cent to make busy and mulderig 's fed can get all of uncle Sam 's money he want by just ask . doyle sit on bed , strapping the holster on he ankle . he check he gun . doyle throw them in the bathroom , will you ? how good be the warrant ? russo ( on the move down hall , at bathroom door ) sixty day . here . do not mention it . 50 . doyle be check various item that go in he briefcase - notebook , handcuffs , book of law , field report , pencil , binocular , candy bar , etc . medium close shot of russo look toward the bathroom door . russo hi ! russo look back to doyle . there be the sound of a kickstand be kick back in place , the door open and the girl leave . medium close shot of doyle tie the shoe , wince . look up to the depart girl . russo drive carefully ! ext / int . russo' car - day Close shot of bill mulderig in back seat . buddy be in front , next to doyle at the wheel . mulderig strictly small potato . we can see doyle work to keep up with the black mercury as they cross the Brooklyn Bridge in fairly heavy traffic . the mercury cut around in and out , doyle plunge after he . mulderig you really know how to pick them , doyle . russo turn he head in anger . mulderig still wear you gun on you ankle ? no answer . mulderig somebody tell I the reason you do that be so 's when you meet a chick and rubbed against she she would not know you be a cop . no answer . mulderig I say that be bullshit . it must be some kind of fast - draw gimmick or something . 51 . russo knock it off , Bill . mulderig he 's gettin ' too far ahead . you be gonna lose he . doyle cut into the next lane to a lot of horn - blow and come to a dead , screeching stop . doyle sit up sharply erect in the seat , craning to see where sal be go . he throw open the door and hurl himself out . ext . brooklyn bridge - day rear medium close shot of doyle climb up on the side of the car to look ahead , then jump down and run off . doyle run as hard as he can . medium close side shot of sal turn off the bridge onto the FDR drive , move quickly and smoothly uptown . doyle run to a stop , and stare ahead . breathe hard , horn be blow on the bridge and they drow out the word as he curse , " dirty sonofabitch . " int . russo' car - day russo be on the blower . russo phil -- it 's cloudy -- we lose he -- static come over the two - way radio . ext . boca' car come off ramp , pan to int . klein be car - day klein be park on Pearl Street below the Brooklyn Bridge . russo ( v.o. ) he just get off the Bridge - he 's all yours if you can find he . sonofabitch ! klein start he car . ext . a parking garage in the east 40' - day sal emerge from the garage and head toward madison Avenue . he pass a man look in a store window , phil klein . klein follow he . 52 . ext . a STREET in the east 40' - day sal stop abruptly at the corner and turn around . klein be force to pass he and cross the street . sal cross the street to he leave , at a right angle to klein . ext . madison avenue - late day sal move north on madison Avenue . he be walk in a triangular trap of foot surveillance . we begin to learn this when we fall back twenty foot behind sal and pick up the figure of jimmy doyle , move at exactly the same pace . while he keep look forward after sal , he also look regularly to the leave , across to the West side of madison where we quickly zoom in on the figure of bill mulderig , who be on a even line opposite sal and move almost precisely in step with the subject of they surveillance . mulderig keep a eye on sal but be also glance north ahead of sal to buddy russo , who be 20 or 30 foot ahead of sal , thus form the triangle of the a-b-c tail . sal bob along . doyle follow . mulderig keep pace . russo up front . sal suddenly turn East at the Northeast corner of 46th Street , the block occupy by the Roosevelt Hotel . mulderig yanking at he right ear . russo spin around , hurry back toward the corner . doyle turn East at the Southeast corner of 46th Street . russo come around the corner look to doyle . doyle indicate the Roosevelt entrance with he chin while mulderig come up to join doyle . russo move quickly into the Roosevelt entrance on 46th Street between madison and vanderbilt . int . roosevelt lobby - day Roosevelt lobby stair with alain charnier , pierre nicoli , sal greeting . charnier Excuse I . 53. russo ( he be move through the jam they form on the stair ) Excuse I . we move into the lobby of the Roosevelt and then spin around quickly , to watch charnier , nicoli and sal move upstairs and out the door . ext . day a distant view from the Northeast corner of 46th Street and madison Avenue of the Roosevelt Hotel marquee and the three man under it , charnier , nicoli and sal . they be in animated conversation . doyle and mulderig on the point-of-view corner across madison , mulderig with he back to the camera , doyle talk and watch over mulderig 's shoulder . Close shot doyle 's face , eye bright with excitement . Long view of charnier , nicoli and sal under the marquee from doyle 's view , zoom in on charnier , who continue to talk , look up , then look back to sal . doyle you take sal . I will stick with the beard if they split . ext . madison avenue - day rear view of alain charnier and pierre nicoli strolling slowly down madison Avenue in the Forties . a overhead view of the pair , charnier and nicoli , include doyle 20 or 30 yard behind , russo across the street , even with he . charnier and nicoli window - shopping at walter 's electric , 49th and 3rd Avenue . russo look quizzically , puzzle , from a doorway . charnier and nicoli be engage in a run conversation that we can not hear . but what charnier be say be simply that he want to get a pack of cigarettes before they turn back and stop for dinner . russo look to doyle for a signal . 54 . ext . a cigar store - day doyle already beginning to feel the cold , rub he hand together , at the front of the place charnier and nicoli have enter , try to figure it out as charnier and nicoli emerge , charnier rip the cellophane off a pack of cigarettes , and they turn back in doyle 's direction . doyle , face to face with charnier and nicoli . strain to hear , he pick up a few word of french . without lose stride he step off the curb and cut across the street , move south , away from they , as they come north . but halfway across the street , we pick up russo come in he direction , sharp enough to pick up the tail where doyle have to drop it . ext . restaurant - day medium close view through window of alain charnier and pierre nicoli sit at a table near the front window of a small restaurant . ext . STREET - day a long shot of street zoom in on jimmy doyle who be freezing he ass off in the shadow of a doorway across the street from the restaurant . he be dance from one foot to the other , he shoulder hunch , occasionally cupping he hand to he ear . int . restaurant - day a medium close shot of waiter hold a bottle of sainte emillion out for charnier 's inspection . charnier look , frown , shake head negatively . doyle 's foot . he 's stand on one foot , the other raise and he 's squeezing it with a chap hand , as if try to get circulation back into it . int . restaurant - day medium close shot of nicoli watch the waiter scoop coq au vin onto he plate . Close shot of charnier take a large forkful of food into he mouth , chew and nodd at nicoli . ext . STREET - day medium shot of doyle look up to russo who come bear a paper bag which he hand to doyle . 55 . medium close shot of russo stand in front of doyle while doyle fish a piece of pizza out of the bag and let it fold into he mouth , then lick he finger . russo you want the red or the white ? doyle pour it in you ear . ext . restaurant - day medium close view of charnier through the window of the restaurant , sip expresso . int . restaurant - day Close shot of the pastry tray , row of napoleon , strawberry and peach tart , a froth - frenzied rum cake , etc . nicoli close , look like he 's about to have a orgasm , glance toward charnier and then the tray . ext . restaurant - day Close shot of russo peer at the restaurant . doyle 's face right behind he , peer over russo 's shoulder , try to drink coffee from a paper container and also move slightly against the cold and the pain of the shoe . ext . first avenue - day ( ext . copain ) rear long view of charnier and nicoli on madison in the Forties strolling to a corner where nicoli be split for the Edison Hotel ( West 46th Street ) while charnier go on to the westbury on upper madison . they part with a wave and a nod . hold on they as buddy russo come into view , move off after nicoli . doyle follow charnier . ext . westbury HOTEL - charnier enter - day int . westbury HOTEL - day Close shot of the elevator floor indicator rise from 1 to 6 . medium close shot of doyle turn away from the elevator door and walk toward the registration desk . Close shot of the desk clerk . desk clerk yes sir ? 56 . medium close shot of doyle lean on elbow on the counter , half - turn to keep a eye on the elevator . doyle that guy just walk in . what 's he name ? Close on clerk and doyle . desk clerk I be sorry , I do not know who you mean . doyle ( show badge ) he get off on six . desk clerk we have four room and six suite on six . there 's a man in almost every one of they . Close of doyle . doyle Little short than I . well - dress . about forty - five or fifty with salt - and - pepper hair , a beard . Close of clerk . thinks it over . desk clerk there 's nobody like that on six . doyle and clerk desk clerk perhaps he 's visit a guest . doyle no , I figure he stay here . where 's you registration ? clerk get out registration log book , go through list as doyle wait . desk clerk there may be two ... no , three who could fit it . doyle name . 57 . desk clerk a Mr. Paul ganapolos , he 's here alone . doyle where from ? desk clerk Des Moines . doyle what 's he do ? desk clerk businessman . own a department store in Des Moines , I think . doyle be take down the information on a pad . desk clerk Mr. and Mrs. Alain charnier , would be another . he 's in shipping . doyle yeh ? who else ? desk clerk and a Mr. Michael lowenstein , I do not know what he do . doyle this charnier guy . he 's in shipping ? desk clerk I think so . but they be in room 408 . on the fourth floor . Close of doyle . doyle where 's he from ? clerk desk clerk marseille . doyle and clerk doyle ( give he a dumb look ) 58 . desk clerk that 's in France . doyle yeah , I know . ext . westbury HOTEL on madison avenue - night medium close shot of doyle stand in another doorway , this one in madison Avenue , opposite and a little up the street from the westbury . it be about 2 o'clock in the morning and there 's not much traffic . doyle look like a man almost too tired to stand . we hear a car pull up ( off camera ) . int . russo' car - night View from the front seat of a sedan of doyle fall into the corner of the back seat . russo reach across the seat from the camera to hand doyle a brown paper container of coffee . he open it between he knee and scald he mouth with it . russo hand over another gift , a pint of canadian Club . doyle take a big swig . rear close view of bill mulderig at the wheel of the car , look at doyle in the rear-view mirror . mulderig you about ready for a break ? a view of mulderig at the wheel , russo twisted around in the seat , look back at doyle and put the cap back on the bottle . when doyle be not sip at the coffee- whiskey , he 's look out the window of the car at the entrance of the hotel . he look beat . doyle the guy 's a frog -- I be pretty sure . also he make I . stayin ' on four but go up to six -- cute . russo the other guy 's a frog too . checked in at the Edison . have a hooker send up . mulderig Christ you should o' collare he right there . doyle who 's on he ? russo phil klein . 59 . doyle what about sal ? russo russo we put he to bed for the night . mulderig mulderig why do not you do the same , doyle ? you look like shit . doyle and mulderig - intercut doyle ( to mulderig ) look . my partner and I find this case and I do not want no fed screwing it up . mulderig case ? so far I have not see a damn thing . doyle Bill , keep shootin ' you mouth off and I will knock you into the middle of next week . russo , close . russo Jimmy , cool it . nothin 's goin ' down tonight . cop a few zzz 's while you can . Close shot , doyle . int . weinstock's apartment - night Close shot of chemist with a small lab layout spread in front of he -- burner , test tube , etc . the man 's wear a ordinary business suit and both the table and the background indicate that this be not a lab , but somebody 's library or de -- and a fashionable one , with photo , a sign picture of lyndon Johnson , etc. , on the panell wall . the chemist be run a thiele test on a small mound of powder . heroin from charnier 's shipment . medium close shot of joel weinstock and sal boca sit opposite the chemist . 60 . sal have a glass of beer in front of he , weinstock a brandy snifter contain a splash of amber cognac . both be interested ; sal quite nervously . the chemist immerse a capillary tube , a tiny instrument the size of a needle into a open kilo of heroin . he pour a small quantity of mineral oil into a burnmeister test tube and preheat the oil over the open flame of a tiny alcohol lamp . he remove a 15 - in thermometer from its leather case , fasten the capillary tuve ( now totally immerse in the heroin ) to the bulb of the thermometer with a rubber band . he place the bulb , with capillary attach , into a open rubber stop and insert the entire apparatus into the burnmeister tube , about three inch in . with a small metal clamp he hold the rig over the lamp . we watch closely with the chemist , weinstock and boca as the white heroin powder slowly , agonizingly dissolves into the mineral oil and the mercury rise slowly up the thermometer to 220 ° - 230° . the face of the three man be fill with wonder and anxiety . as the mercury continue to rise they become a cheer section , root the hometeam home . the longer it take for the powder to dissolve , the purer the heroin . the mercury stop at 240 ° ! chemist absolutely dynamite ! 89.5 proof ! best I have ever see ! if the rest be like this , you will be deal for two year on this load . Close on weinstock , relaxed , smoking a large cigar . weinstock retail be not my end of the business . be you tell I it 's worth the half million ? medium close of the chemist . chemist how many kilo ? sal sixty . 61 . chemist six kilo at eight big one a kilo ... ( he nod ) I would say it should be able to take a seven to one hit in the street . sal by the time it get down to nickel bag it 's at least thirty - two million ! medium close of weinstock and boca . weinstock thank you , Howard . take what 's leave there with you and goodnight . the chemist pack he apparatus and leave . sal I guess we get a deal , eh ? medium close shot of weinstock alone , appraise boca . weinstock we get a test . a deal for half a million dollar , maybe . sal , whose cool be easily shattered . sal Joel , the man be in a hurry . he want the bread and he want to go back to France . he be not gonna hang around and play game . he 's one o' the shrewdest cat I ever run across . weinstock , close . weinstock what be I , a shmuck ? what 's the hurry ? he could see a couple of show and visit the top of the Empire State Building . intercut sal , weinstock sal Joel , do not jerk I . I spend a lot o' time settin ' this one up . 62 . weinstock so whatta you want a badge ? it 's you first major league game sal . one thing I learn , move calmly , move cautiously . you will never be sorry . sal I be damn careful up to now . weinstock which be why you phone line be tapped and the fed be crawlin ' all over you like fly . sal I be straight , Joel . they have not get shit on I . look , I be tellin ' you , he will take the deal somewhere else . weinstock weinstock he could go someplace else with he sixty kilo of heroin and see how easy it be to pull together a half million cash . he would not find there be any hurry to do this kind of business . sal , a little desperate . sal look , the stuff be here . we could set up the switch in a hour . I be tellin ' you , Mr. weinstock , he will split if we do not move . this guy be everything they say he be . weinstock take sal apart with he eye over the cigar . weinstock what about you , sal ? be you everything they say you be ? Close of sal 's worried face . ext . neighborhood STREET - night Close side view of doyle drive ; popey right and leave , look for everything and nothing . 63. View over doyle 's right shoulder through windshield of a young Black hooker lean against a lamppost , smile at a pass pedestrian . hold on she as the car move on , doyle 's head turn as he continue to move with the traffic . rear close view of doyle lean over the back seat , look as he back the car . Close shot of the hooker look up smile , then the smile fade . medium close view of doyle and the hooker . doyle you own that lamppost ? hooker no . doyle then how come you be lean on it . Close shot of hooker . doyle I ever bust you ? hooker I never see you before . doyle and the hooker . doyle get you ass in the car . doyle look right and leave , the form of the girl climb into the vehicle . he put surveillance hat on back seat . int . dan' lunch - day doyle be stand at a island counter in a coffee-doughnuts joint . the counterman be pay no attention to he but be instead empty coffee from a large dispenser into a pot . doyle you gonna wait on I or be I gonna sit here all day ? the counterman respond quickly to doyle 's voice . Close shot of doyle bite into a huge jelly doughnut , the jelly squeezing out onto he finger . 64 . a kid push a broom past , get rid of a collection of cigarette butt , etc . doyle hey ! Close shot of kid , about 16 , look up from the broom toward doyle . doyle ( off camera ) c'mere ... c'mere ! medium close shot of doyle and the kid , doyle eat and drink . doyle can you stand a toss , hector ? kid what you mean ? doyle you still dealin ' shit ? kid Jesus , no , doyle . I be clean . I be work twelve hour a day here . Close shot of doyle talk around a mouthful of doughnut . doyle when they go to make you chairman of the board ? medium close shot of doyle and the kid . doyle put down the coffee cup . wave the kid closer . the kid move closer , doyle frisk he quickly , expertly , then rip up the kid 's jacket and take a 12 - inch toadsticker out of the kid 's waistband . Close shot of doyle look at the knife , snap the button and watch the blade flash out . doyle you clean you fingernails with this . Close shot of kid . kid Rather be catch with it than without it . 65 . doyle , push button and let the blade fall into close position . doyle yeah , I guess so . doyle hand the knife back to the kid . hector go back to work . doyle eat . ext . dan' lunch - day doyle climb back into he car , knee on the seat , reach over into the back . Close shot over the rear seat of doyle pick up the straw hat , which have be jamme into the corner by the contour of the hooker 's tail . he straighten it as much as possible and throw it under the driver 's seat . ext . madison avenue - day medium shot of doyle on foot popey up madison Avenue in the vicinity of the westbury . as unobtrusively as possible , he 's look for the tail that should be there cover charnier . doyle be on the East side of the street , and the westbury be on the West . he poke he head into a couple of doorway , check the car park at the curb , look up to a couple of the mezzanine shop along the street . he see phil klein and another agent talk together totally oblivious to the front entrance . mulderig in a cigar store look to he wristwatch , then go inside the store . Close shot of doyle frown , puzzle . there do not seem to be anybody alert . he look over to the hotel . westbury Hotel entrance from doyle 's Point of View . charnier step out of hotel entrance , turn south . the two agent and mulderig have not see he exit . Close on doyle in a doorway . charnier , carry a umbrella , strolling blithely down the street , in doyle 's direction but on the opposite side of the street . Zoom in on he face , reflect no concern , no problem , then zoom back to doyle 's position . Pan to the hotel entrance as doyle look for somebody else . where the hell be charnier 's surveillance ? very quickly , doyle 's nervous glance . charnier close . a long view of the street . 66 . charnier move along . the hotel entrance . Close shot of doyle go through the glance movement , he eye show charnier get farther and farther down madison Avenue . but there 's still nobody follow he . medium close shot of doyle scramble out of the doorway and move down the street after charnier . rear view of charnier stop at a newsstand , buy a copy of the Times . doyle in a doorway , peer out and down the street . medium close front view of charnier strolling along , glance at the headline of the Times , a umbrella hook over he leave forearm as he walk . Close shot of charnier 's polished shoe , move quickly down subway entrance stair . hold on the empty stair . then doyle 's painful , scuff shoe , follow . ext . subway platform - day Close shot charnier stand on the subway platform , look at the Times , glance toward the track and the rumble of a train in the distance . side rear view of charnier close in the foreground , doyle move into view in the background , not look toward charnier , keep he face turn mostly away from the frenchman . Long shot of the platform . doyle right , charnier leave as the train pull in . charnier be fold up he paper to board . doyle be move toward the train . int . train charnier get on train toward camera . Close side shot doyle get on train , lean over to look after charnier 's movement . ext . subway platform charnier get off train . doyle puzzle , hesitate , then get off he car . Long shot of charnier open the Times again . 67 . medium shot of doyle move quickly to phone booth against the wall . doyle close , bark into the phone . doyle I be sittin ' on frog one . mulderig in phone booth at westbury . mulderig yeah , we get the westbury cover like a tent . doyle doyle the westbury ? ball . I get he down at the subway at Times Square . what the hell 's goin ' on ? I make he come right out of the hotel free as a bird . not a soul awake . Close shot of charnier strolling past the telephone booth , doyle look down . doyle I do not care how many bartender be sick . I do not work in that joint . what the hell kind of a union be you run down there ? Long view of charnier and doyle about thirty foot apart on the platform , a second train approach . int . subway train a close view of doyle just inside the door of the car sneaking a peek at the platform . we can see that charnier be not there . he 's on the train . suddenly charnier reappear on the platform . doyle step off . ext . subway platform Long view from doyle 's vantage point of charnier stand with he back to the train , look up like a man who can not make up he mind , then turn to he leave , away from doyle and get back on the train . int . subway train View from interior of doyle car of jimmy doyle nip back onto car . 68 . int . train - charnier car Close view of subway door hiss shut and a umbrella be raise at the last moment by a off-camera hand ( charnier 's ) . the door jerk open in the safety spasm . there be a blur of the a fabric move across the camera , block the view of the door . it be only a moment . when it clear , the door be close again , the umbrella be go . but we do not know what happen and the train be not move . int . subway train - doyle's car rear close view of doyle peek into the forward car to see where charnier be sit . int . train - charnier car Quick , shocked close view of that car , revealing that charnier be not there among the twenty passenger doze or mope in they seat . there be a blurred flash as if doyle 's own eye be spin frantically back to the window of he own car . ext . subway platform medium shot of doyle jump out of train , charnier jump back on - train take off . int . subway train - charnier car a close view of charnier 's face . he be smile directly at doyle . he give he a little wave . a view from charnier 's position of doyle chase the train , anger and hatred and frustration storming across he face . ext . henry hudson parkway - mosholu exit a long view from the bottom of the steep embankment above harlem River drive in Washington Heights . spray along the face of the cliff be a disaster -- a overturn city bus and a car with which it apparently collide . the scene be light with flare . Police rescue worker and firemen be scramble up and down the face of the cliff . they be carry body out of the bus and the car , cop pull they out through the window , lead they on stretcher . there be shout order and some moan and cry from the wreckage . in the foreground be lt . walter simonson , involved in the operation , but also involved in a hassle with doyle , mulderig and russo who be stand with he . a officer approach simonson with a set of heroin work . 69 . officer ( to simonson ) this belong to the kid who be drivin ' the sport car . 17 year old . his girlfriend od would in the car . we find this set of work in she arm . medium close shot of doyle and simonson . doyle could not care if Rome be burn on the hill ; he 's only interested in he case . doyle ( to mulderig ) where the hell be the surveillance ? " go to bed . " that 's all you could say . you could not keep track of a bleed elephant in a snowbank . simonson , eye on the hill , glance to doyle with irritation . simonson Jimmy , it do not matter anymore . if there be a deal it must have go down by now . we blow it ! we blow we cover and we blow the warrant -- mulderig charnier and he wife check out of the westbury . nicoli check out of the Edison -- russo this fella nicoli 's get a record in France , walter . he 's want for question in the murder of a french cop . doyle I say we keep sittin ' on boca . mulderig that 's crazy . you lose the frog in the subway and you blow we cover . if they have not move already they be not gonna move now . doyle walter , I can make this case if the fed will get the hell out of my way . 70 . mulderig with pleasure -- it 's all yours . walter , if anything develop outta this charade give I a call . medium shot of simonson , doyle , mulderig and russo . light flash around they ; stretcher go by with body . russo ( to mulderig ) my ass . the only reason you be in this be because you have get a big expense account for buy junk and you like to see you picture in the papers . doyle ( to simonson ) this be my case . get this guy off my back and let I handle it . simonson simonson for chrissake , will you come off that " my case " bullshit . this have be a whore 's dream from the start . doyle , close . doyle the deal have not go down yet walter -- I know it , I can feel it . Close shot of mulderig mulderig the last time you be dead certain we end up with a dead cop . a fist , doyle 's , come from off - camera and connect with mulderig 's chin . as he head fly back . doyle and mulderig slugging and grapple with each other , russo leaping in to yank they apart . simonson grab mulderig 's arm and hold he back . simonson , close . simonson ( roaring ) that 's enough . get the hell out of here . 71 . doyle shot of simonson , mulderig , doyle , russo , in a cluster . simonson ( on way up hill , turn back ) Jimmy , you waste two month - no collar be comin ' in while you two be out jerkin ' off . now go back to work , you be off special assignment . ext . LA guardia airport - day medium close side view of sal boca 's mercury pull to the Washington - Boston shuttle parking lot at La guardia airport . sal take he ticket from the automatic vendor and drive in . we hold for the next car drive by phil klein , a federal narcotic agent who be on he tail . int . airport - day medium close shot of sal boca write out the ticket order form . Close shot of the form ; sal fill it out in a almost illiterate scrawl . under destination sal fill in wash ... and the camera raise its eye to a close shot of phil klein on the opposite side of the counter , fill in he form . Close side shot of phil klein stand right behind sal in the shuttle line . ext . dept . of commerce , WASHINGTON , d.c . - day charnier and a undersecretary on the step of the building , shaking hand . two other official be on hand and while we do not hear they conversation , they manner be extremely attentive to charnier . charnier it have be highly informative and a personal pleasure to see you again . undersecretary I only hope we cut through to some meaningful proposal in the next month or so . the pleasure be mine , Mr. charnier . when will we see you again ? charnier soon , probably in the spring . 72 . Close shot of charnier . charnier Goodbye . undersecretary ( off camera ) Goodbye . good trip home . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day medium long shot of charnier walk across street , diagonally toward the camera , remove the identification card from he lapel . rear close shot of charnier join sal boca on the sidewalk and the two of they move off together . Close shot of sal , somewhat nervous about try to pedal he problem to charnier . sal everything 's smooth . beautiful . I will need a few more day though , the boy think we oughta cool it for awhile -- make sure there 's no heat . charnier ( manner outwardly pleasant ) you must take I for a imbecile . why do you think I ask you to meet I in Washington ? I have not spend five minute in New York City without the company of a gendarme . sal look , I will level with you -- I need a little more time -- I get to shift gear . charnier be you have trouble raise the half million ? sal Hell no -- my end be cover -- my associate just feel we ought to wait for a more opportune time to make the switch . stop , cover . 73. charnier it have to be by the end of this week . sal look , Mr. charnier , you get to be reasonable . charnier it 's you problem . sal it 's yours too ! full length shot of charnier and boca , charnier lean over to shake he hand . charnier so nice to have see you again . charnier turn and walk off , leave sal look after he as we zoom back to a Point of View about a hundred yard down the street . Close of phil klein , just watch . int . airplane - day Close shot of mrs . charnier , sit by the window of two seat on the shuttle , look out and babbling at charnier . ( dialogue in french ) . marie look , darling , they sell this at the smithsonian . she extract a necklace and bracelet of shark 's tooth from a elegant alligator bag . camera move back to take in charnier look from the Wall Street Journal to the native craft bracelet . charnier be you sure it be dead ? marie I be go to put they on the cat . charnier that 's a relief . Close shot of charnier , tenderly , lovingly . 74 . charnier you do find something for yourself , of course . marie , close . marie of course . but I be not go to tell you what it be until we be back in marseille . charnier and marie . he fold up the paper , smile at she . charnier Excuse I a moment , darling . charnier 's view of the plane interior , walk back toward the rear of the cabin . the seat be occupy by military - business - government type make the shuttle run . not every seat be fill . we come to a empty one on which someone have deposit a attache case . it be the seat next to pierre nicoli , whose hand reach out to remove it and we follow the arm to nicoli 's face . Close shot of charnier and nicoli sit . ( dialogue in french ) charnier I be afraid they have become a bit ... over -cautious . we american friend . nicoli what happen to the schedule ? charnier we must follow it . nicoli but will they ? charnier shrug . charnier I do not know . boca be scared . he 's not strong enough . he see policeman in he soup . nicoli he be not wrong . charnier mmmmm . that bastard who follow I on the subway , he 's the eager one . 75 . nicoli let I take he out . Close of charnier . charnier there will be someone else . nicoli what difference do it make ? we will be out of the country Friday . Close shot of charnier alone . ext . sidewalk outside doyle's apartment bldg . - day a complex of building similar to lefrak City . a medium close view of a little girl about to run doyle down with a two - wheel bicycle . two shot ring out in quick succession and tear up the concrete at a point where he would have be walk a moment earlier . doyle diving for the cover of a tree . the rifle go off a third time and mother begin to scream on the bench of the playground area . doyle ( yell ) everybody , down ! get down on the ground ! doyle behind the tree , pull he gun out of the ankle holster . he hold the gun ready and try to look around . ping , another shot that drive he back . Long pan view , doyle 's view , from the ground , of all the rooftop in the area . a blank . the background sound be still scream cry . " call the police . " " the man 's get a gun . " " help ! help ! " the view be still slow , careful under the pressure of the panic . there 's another shot . Long shot of rifle smoke rise from nicoli 's sniper position . exterior view of the concrete tunnel , doyle run from they toward the building , dodging and ducking behind playground equipment and bench as he do . he 's shouting as he run . doyle get down ! it 's a sniper . get down ! medium shot of doyle dash into the lobby of he building to a Spanish kid in the window of building . 76 . ext . rooftop - day exterior shot of rooftop door open slowly , doyle come through the open , gun at the ready . pan shot of the rooftop , doyle 's view , stop for a beat at the rifle and box of cartridge lie beside the parapet , move on . the roof 's empty . doyle see nicoli below , grab rifle and cartridge . doyle run to the parapet , look over . shot of the street , traffic , elevate track in the distance . Long search look of the street and the people . the view , which be doyle 's , pass over one man in a dark suit , stop and go back . Zap ! it 's nicoli walk quickly but not in any panic toward the El . doyle 's face . he run to parapet , fire at nicoli . miss . doyle run across the roof and through the door . doyle burst out of the elevator at the bottom , through a crowd of women and kide who scream as they do in the playground . medium close view of doyle run as fast as he can . medium close shot of the entrance to the el. doyle come into view from off - camera , run to a stop decide which to take . he run across the street to the downtown side from which he see train approach . doyle go over the turnstile in a leap , gun still in he right hand . ext . platform of EL - day Broad view of platform , doyle emerge look right and leave . doyle 's view across track . there 's nicoli , stand with a group of people . doyle look up track to see if he can get across . train pull in a opposite side . train pull in right in front of doyle . doyle stop that guy . he 's want by the police ! side medium close shot of doyle turn and plunging back through the doorway of platform exit . 77 . int . train car - day in one corner of the train be a transit policeman . he 's observe doyle shouting and gesture at nicoli who sit nervously aware of the policeman 's presence . Long long between they . finally , the officer decide to approach nicoli . nicoli panic and run . the officer go after he and trap he against the door between car . int . token booth - day Close shot of doyle with badge at token booth . doyle where 's the next stop ? go into the city ? token attendant ( glance out in direction the train be hurtle ) 25th Avenue . int . train - day nicoli and the transit policeman struggle , as the handful of passenger watch . nicoli pull he .45 and clobber the officer on the side of the head . Close of nicoli go from one car to another , open door on the rear , move through yet another crowd . ext . STREET - day medium close shot of doyle run into the street , force a driver to stop . doyle move so hard he fall against the hood of the car then dash around to the door and jerk it open . doyle Police ! medium close shot of doyle drag middle - aged male driver out from behind the wheel as he shout . driver what the hell ? doyle ( diving behind the wheel ) Police ! emergency ! 78 . doyle have a pistol in he hand . the man fall back sputtering . doyle jam car into gear and it roar off . int . subway train car - day nicoli pound on the door of the motorman 's cab with he gun . after a long moment - the door crack open . Close shot nicoli push he way into the cab of the subway motorman , sixtyish , wear and frail look . motorman look down . he follow the glance to nicoli 's .45 . ext . STREET - day side close view of doyle screeching to a stop to avoid plunging into a panel truck . doyle stick he head out the window to look up at the track as the driver of the truck scream . truck driver blind sonofabitch ! overhead view of the track , train roaring along they . doyle 's view . int . subway train - day the track racing by from the view of the train . we be approach a station . int . motorman' cabin - day nicoli 's close view of the motorman , the gun on the man . nicoli do not stop ! continue on to the next station ! motorman I get to stop . nicoli touch the brake and I will blow you in half . motorman the signal light be automatic . if I go through a red I will be automatically brake . the motorman pale , he hand go to he leave side in a gesture of anxiety , possibly pain . 79 . ext . subway entrance - day side close view of doyle screeching to a stop , the car bump up on the sidewalk and doyle plunging out the door which he leave hang open . he race around the car for the step to the El . ext . subway platform - day side view of train roaring through the station without stop . int . subway train - day medium close shot of crowd on train push toward the motorman 's cab . they be upset over the miss stop . the conductor seem to be the most annoyed . he 's push hardest toward the camera to complain . voice do not stop . go right through there ... hey , man , that 's my station ... where the hell 's he go ? hey , stop the car ... Close shot of nicoli 's back , half in the motorman 's cab , as he face the crowd . now the cry turn to : voice he 's get a gun ... the motorman 's go crazy ... oh my God ! nicoli get back . conductor hey , you can not ... side view of nicoli , the motorman in the background the conductor leaping at nicoli . nicoli burn he ; one gut shot . the car turn to pandemonium of scream . the conductor be hurl back into the crowd by force of the blast . the motorman throw back he head in fright , and the beginning of a coronary . ext / int . doyle's car - day Close shot of doyle from back seat , twist , turn the car in a wild demonstration of pursuit drive around car , brake , roaring ahead . 80 . we move out through the windshield for a lurching , spin , twist view of the track overhead , the street sign and light flash by in a reeling montage of movement , the train roaring above it all . int . subway train - day Close side shot of nicoli turn to cover the motorman , who be clutching in pain , slumping toward the control . motorman ( gasp ) I can not breathe . nicoli glance quickly to he leave , out the window to the next station . Long , low view of the track , partially nicoli 's view . there be red blinker on the side of the track . Red light up ahead . that 's the back of another train . it have stop and we be hurtle toward it . Wide shot of scream pack of subway rider , fight they way back from nicoli , succeed only in turn themselves into a tightly contain mob . now the word they cry be : voice we will crash . wo not somebody please help I . murder he 's a killer . crash . we will crash ! stop . stop the train . ext . doyle's car - day side close view of doyle drive while he 's look up . he skid through a red light , narrowly miss a pedestrian and a oncoming group of car . Long , low view of the train from doyle 's position . int . subway train - day Close shot of cord dangle above a sign that say " pull for emergency stop only . " it just dangle , wobble , forget in the panic . ext . doyle's car - day Close side shot of doyle drive , skid on streetcar track , pan upward to show the car pull ahead of the train . 81 . int . subway train - day Close shot of nicoli from behind , look out the window of the car where we see ourselves hurtle toward the other train , now only about 100 yard away . hold on the train ahead . the motorman collapse over the throttle . rear close shot of nicoli plunging into the panicky rider with gun in hand , try to get out with they to some rear car . ext . subway station - day medium close of doyle arrive at the station . int . subway car - day back end of subway car loom up at high speed . ext . 62nd STREET station - the track - day the leader train sit wait about twenty yard out of the station . as the onrush train approach , it pass through the yellow signal light at the rear of the station . ext . close shot the trip lock - day as the onrush car pull equal to the red signal light at the front of the station , the tiny trip lock on the track spring up , activate the safety brake . the train avoid collision by a few foot as the front car screech to a halt . int . the onrushing train - day the passenger be throw violently to the ground . nicoli get to he foot and force open one of the door . ext . 62nd STREET track - day nicoli make he way out of the train and run along the track for a few yard , narrowly avoid the third rail . he climb onto the station platform , to the shock and amazement of several onlooker . he be daze and dishevel , no longer a hunter . ext . entrance to the 62nd STREET station - day nicoli stagger down the stair to the street , unarm . doyle be wait at the foot of the stair . nicoli see he , turn in desperation to run back up . 82. doyle have he .38 draw . he fire three shot into nicoli 's back . nicoli stiffen and fall backward come to rest at doyle 's foot . doyle collapse next to he . ext . candy store - day sal and angie emerge and get into the mercury . ext . manhattan STREET - day Long shot of the mercury stop . sal get out and walk quickly to the garage entrance and down the ramp as angie drive off in the mercury . Pan to ext / int . doyle's car - day Close shot of doyle and russo from the front . doyle look after angie 's car . int . garage - day medium close shot of russo from the rear as he walk down the ramp toward a glass attendant 's booth in the background . we pan around the garage look for sal but do not find he . as russo approach the booth , we see the figure of a man partially obscure by the door and the entrance framework . Close shot of russo from the front . russo hey , Mac , have you see ...? Close shot of the man turn . it be sal boca . Close shot of russo and boca in face - to- face confrontation . russo ... the guy who run this joint ? there 's a tense pause as boca look at russo . Close shot of boca . sal yeh . he 's over get my car . medium close shot of garage attendant hold the door of the lincoln open for sal , shutting it and take the ticket from the windshield . as boca put car in gear and drive off , we pan to buddy russo stand there watch . the attendant walk up . 83. attendant can I help you ...? medium close shot of attendant and russo . buddy , ignore the attendant , watch the lincoln take off , then break loose and run toward the ramp . Close shot of russo from doyle 's viewpoint , pile into the car . russo he 's in the brown lincoln - foreign plate . Close shot of doyle throw the car into gear and shoot down the street . Long view of the street from doyle 's windshield of the lincoln in the distance . we pick up speed and weave through traffic in pursuit . ext . street - day impressionistic shot of lincoln and doyle 's car wind through Brooklyn street . Long shot of the lincoln , sal boca parking it , get out and lock the door , look around and walk away . the mercury come around a corner , angie at the wheel . the car stop and sal get in . as the mercury take off , detective phil klein follow in he car . Close shot of doyle and russo in they car park several car length and across the street from the lincoln . night Long shot of the lincoln , zoom on the glitter car . in the bg , eight youngster be play a game of street hockey . int . doyle's car - night Close shot through windshield of doyle and russo . mulderig and klein in they car . doyle timezit ? russo four. 84 . ext . doyle's car - night Long view over the hood of doyle 's car to the street . we can see the lincoln . the light of a car appear on the leave and come down the street past the lincoln , slowly , like a man look for a place to park . we can make out , but just barely with the help of the street light , four people in the car . doyle in close profile , the foreground , pick up a corner of the lincoln in the background . while we be look in silence , there be a glimmer flow in the far corner , the beginning of approach headlight again . they grow brighter and doyle 's foreground profile turn to watch it come . doyle ( softly ) same car . russo third time around . russo and mulderig straighten up , lean close to window to peer out . Long view over the hood of doyle 's car of the approach vehicle , which suddenly switch off its light and turn on its parking blinker . it come abreast of the lincoln and stop . the man get out and chase the lincoln . View through windshield at the four man . doyle be now up straight and at the wheel . he 's lean forward , he hand on the key of the car . he glance back to mulderig . doyle ( to car radio ) let 's he them . View of the hood . all hell break loose , headlight , include doyle 's flash on and form a spotlight on the lincoln and the figure around it . frozen in the headlight , confuse , startle , and disbely be five puerto rican with a variety of auto-stripp tool in they hand : lug wrench , tire iron , pinch bar , monkey wrench , etc . doyle drive right up to they . the camera leap out of the car with he and run toward the man . we hear voice shouting . voice Police ! do not move ... get you ... hand up ... you be under arrest ... 85 . ext . STREET - night Close view of doyle hold he gun on one of the terrorize - look Puerto rican . the kid 's hand be rise tentatively . he 's too scared to move . doyle up ! up , you sonofabitch ! in the background , the scene be be duplicate by two or three other . overhead view of this headlight and flashlight arena of about 10 or 12 detective form small cluster , throw this guy up against car , pull they arm around behind they and throw cuff on they while other rapidly frisk they for weapon , take away one pistol , a couple of knife . mulderig and doyle look at they man up against the lincoln as russo finish snap handcuffs on he . doyle of all the goddam car they have to pick to steal hubcap . Close shot of the front end of the lincoln , upend on a hoist attach to a police tow truck . the area be less brightly light by headlight now . some car have depart with the Puerto rican auto stripper . doyle 's interest focus on the car . we pick he up as we pan to he sit on the run board of the tow truck , talk with its driver , who be make a report on a clipboard . mulderig and russo be stand nearby , talk to two plainclothesmen . doyle ( look up and around ) a bunch of lousy little spic car thief . mulderig nothing in there except a New York street map . doyle tumble it . one end to the other . russo jotting in he note pad , then glance up to the off - camera doyle . doyle , medium close , hand jam into he pocket , stare at the ground with russo and mulderig . 86 . int . police garage - day a montage as the lincoln be be disassembled . first it be weigh . we then see the mechanic drain the gas , pull apart the transmission and check through the brake drum , rip out the seat . mechanic ducking out from under the car , move toward off - camera doyle . mechanic nobody 's be under there with anything but a grease gun since if come off the line . doyle 's hand reach out from off - camera and take a cigarette package out of the mechanic 's pocket . doyle I do not buy it . the stuff be on this car . mechanic then you find it . I can not . int . police sergeant's office at garage - day shot of devereaux and LA valle . LA valle the car be lose sometime this evening . first they send we to pier one -- then they send we here -- desk sergeant I do not understand why you have it park on the waterfront . you be stay at the doral and you lose you car somewhere out by the Brooklyn Bridge . LA valle in point of fact , M. devereaux be scout location for a film for french Television . he leave the car to look at some point of interest . devereaux ( move , excitable ) we be tell by the Police commissioner 's office that the car be bring to this garage . I demand its immediate return . 87 . desk sergeant if you will be patient , Mr. devereaux . devereaux ( move ) I have be patient enough . there be no reason I should have to waste time with this red tape . LA valle Mr. devereaux be a extremely important guest of this country . he be work with the absolute cooperation and participation of you government . here be he credential from the french Consulate . ( show they ) unless you wish to see this episode portray in he film I suggest you locate he car immediately . shot of doyle and russo near the lincoln , now up on hoist . Police mechanic in background . mechanic what be you look for ? be it as big as a orange or a elephant 's ass ? I have be over every inch -- top to bottom . if you could give I a club -- to the size ... russo ( do rough figure on a piece of scratch paper ) what be the weight of the car when you get it , irv ? mechanic ( consulting he note ) 4,839 pound . russo ( consulting lincoln specification Book ) you be sure ? ( he do quick addition ) the manufacturer 's spec say it should weigh 4,719 pound . this one 's carry roughly 120 extra pound somewhere . he produce a copy of a ship 's manifold . 88. russo when it be book in at marseille it weigh the same . 120 pound overweight . Jimmy have to be right . the three men turn again to stare at the lincoln . the mechanic lower the hoist , thoughtfully . mechanic I rip everything out except the rocker panel . devereaux what 's that ? they look at each other for a long moment . mechanic start to undo the side rocker pan . jimmy pull the pan off and stick he arm into the enclosure . feeling around inside he pull out the first kilo -size plastic container as several other start tumble out after . buddy and doyle be smile at each other as they continue to pull the bag out . several of the other mechanic in the garage be gather around the happy moment . they repeat this action on the other side of the car . russo enter garage sergeant 's bullpen . devereaux and LA valle be still argue with the sergeant . russo get it for you , Randy -- it just come in from downtown . who 's devereaux ? LA valle this be M. devereaux . russo I be sorry , Mr. devereaux , but we get report on a couple hundred vehicle a night . sometimes it 's a little tough to keep track . devereaux you mean the car 's here now ? russo yeah -- fine -- it 's okay -- not even a scratch . you be all set . ( hand devereaux key ) russo walk with devereaux and LA valle . 89 . russo someone steal it right off the street , huh ? you be gonna have to pay the tow away charge . devereaux I be tell this thing happen in New York -- but one never expect it . russo yeah . well , it 's in perfect shape . you must lead a charming life . int . HOTEL lobby - doral - day medium close shot of devereaux stride through the lobby toward the camera . ( dialogue in french ) charnier henri ... medium close shot of devereaux turn to face charnier , who have be wait for he . charnier do you pick up the car ? devereaux it be wait for you in the garage . charnier do they follow you ? devereaux I be not look . charnier henri ... I need one more favor from you . I know I be impose ... devereaux my friend , I be not sure about what be go on -- but for I , I be finish . charnier not quite -- you be in it whether you like it or not . the police know you bring the car into the country . this make you a accomplice . 90 . devereaux a accomplice to what ?! what have you get I into , Alain ? you ask I to do you a favor -- and I do what you ask -- but you have take advantage of I . I have my reputation -- charnier pull devereaux further aside . charnier calm down -- henri ! you must trust I -- this be a extremely complicated situation to which there be a simple solution if you do exactly what I tell you . it 's worth more money to you . devereaux Goodbye . devereaux turn and walk into the crowded lobby leave alain stand alone . ext . HOTEL STREET - day medium close shot of the lincoln . we can not see the driver immediately . as we follow the car , it hesitates ; horn sound and it move ahead with a jerk . int . lincoln - day Close shot of charnier at the wheel of the lincoln , try to make out street sign and direction . ext . triboro bridge - day medium shot of the lincoln go across the triboro Bridge . ext . ward island - day charnier 's view through the windshield as he drive along the new road and turn leave on the old service road . ext . old service road - ward island - day hellgate Bridge overhead in bg . lincoln drive along old road and into abandon garage . int . ward island garage - day View from charnier 's Pov out the window of the building . face appear beside the car . first boca 's , then weinstock 's , then lou boca and two mechanic . 91 . boca keep go . right in there . first mechanic over there . on the right . second mechanic the clear spot . int . garage - day medium close shot of the lincoln . the rocker panel be open and the junk be be unload . charnier be stand by two suitcase of cash . he take a bundle out of the suitcase , riff the deck of bill with he finger to make sure it 's money all the way through ; put it in a separate stack that will go into the rocker panel of a nearby junk car . weinstock be stand next to the chemist , with he testing equipment . the mechanic be under the lincoln and pass out the kilo of heroin , boca be help they . the kilo be conceal in the floor board of the old garage . Close shot of charnier 's hand , work on the money . Close shot of the chemist take a sniff , then a taste . Close shot of sal boca and mechanic continue to unload packet after packet after packet of heroin . Close shot of charnier as the stack of money be load into the car . Close shot of boca take a bottle of seagram 's Seven Crown out of a brown paper bag . charnier extend he hand . weinstock take it ; they shake . charnier close , look back at the car as the rocker panel be restore to the lincoln . the junk car with the money secrete be remove . medium shot of sal boca and charnier get in the lincoln . in the b.g. a tow truck haul the batter junk car out to await shipment . ext . ward island bridge - day Long view from the bridge of the lincoln come toward the camera over a small rise . View from lincoln , between sal and charnier , over the hood of the car and to the entrance to the bridge . there be a police blockade . stand in front of it be doyle , russo , mulderig and phil klein . 92 . close -up charnier . close -up doyle . he give charnier a little wave . Long view of the lincoln stop in the middle of the bridge . Zoom in on it as sal hurriedly turn it around , smash into the side of the bridge as he do . medium shot of the lincoln racing back across the island . the mercury roar past weinstock 's car , head toward the bridge . weinstock 's car come to a stop . Close shot of the chemist and weinstock in the car , turn back to the island . int . lincoln - day Close shot of charnier and sal . sal drive , charnier look out the back window . the police car , slowly , begin to gun engine and start the pursuit . the siren begin to wail . int . garage - day the lincoln roaring into the asylum toward the camera , screeching to a stop . sal and charnier leaping out . they run toward crematorium Building . medium long shot of sal run off . sal ( shouting ) bull ! charnier hesitates . then run into the darkness of the crematorium . ext . crematorium - day Police car screeching to a halt around the building . some circle to the back to cut it off . doyle , russo , mulderig , klein and other get out and run toward the entrance , take by the lincoln . ext . junk graveyard - day Close shot sal boca and the two mechanic at the auto graveyard . the mechanic start to run and be pursue by klein and two other cop . sal decide to shoot it out . russo in pursuit . 93. after a chase around the graveyard russo burn sal who die among the wreck car . weinstock and the chemist emerge from the car . hand in the air . they give up without a struggle . russo phil , you take that side , Bill , go around the other way . int . crematorium - day Long shot , we can see somebody run , hear he footstep , but can not tell who it be . shot of doyle enter . shot of doyle , gun in hand , go around corner of long corridor , look down it . shot of mulderig run down one of the corridor and into a cell litter with abandon furniture , sink , toilet , etc . Long view of the hallway . halfway down , lou pop out and fire wildly at the camera . doyle close , pull back , then lean out and blaze away twice . Long shot of lou , staffering into the corridor and collapse . doyle run down the corridor leaping over lou 's body and continue to run to bisect corridor . int . cellar - day doyle come down the stair and into the cellar . in the foreground , behind a pile of rip - out wall and floorboard , there appear to be the crouch silhouette of a man . doyle exit . doyle 's view down second corridor . at far end of it a figure flitting past . russo Jimmy ? Close shot of russo at the head of a flight of stair . russo Jimmy ? doyle 's p.o.v. : a shadow figure duck into one of the room . 94 . Close of doyle up against a wall . doyle ( a whisper ) cover the other side -- frog number one be down there . russo scramble along the crematorium wall . doyle move slowly down the opposite wall . medium shot of doyle approach the end room . a figure slip out of one of they , shroud with shadow . Close of doyle fire twice into the camera . Close shot of the figure . it 's agent bill mulderig spin , drop , he own service revolver clatter on the concrete . medium close shot of doyle stand over mulderig 's body , two or three cop come up , include russo . russo ( lean over the body ) he 's go , Jimmy . Bill be dead . doyle full figure , close . a long pause -- and then -- doyle the sonofabitch be in here somewhere . I see he -- I be gonna get he . doyle exit down the corridor . the other stare after he . ext . crematorium within the building no one be visible . overhead , the hellgate Bridge , sound of New York , jet , auto traffic , and a approach Penn Central train . the end