no. 02082 " . not final oraft screenplay by david S. ward orwim act Neo de #02062 the sting fade in a white on black title appear in the lower leave hand corner of the screen : september 15 , 1936 ( x fade 3 UT be al #02062 / 2 fade in ext , a slum area of joliet - day it 's a bleak , windy morning , the kind that clear the street of all but the wino ( who carry they own heater ) , and the - point- man for juvenile gang . we pick up a solitary figure , Joe mottola , come down the street and enter what appear to be a abandon tenement . he pause a second to dust he white - winge alligator shoe on the back of he pants leg . sharply dress and surround by the aura of one who be make money for the first time and broadcasting it on all band , he seem a incongruity in this part of town . we follow he up a flight of rickety stair to a second ficor flat . he knock on the door , be admit by a cautious door - man . int . number spot = day suddenly we be plunge into a room of chatter , clamoring people , this be a spot for the number racket , a place immune from legal interference , where any sucker can bet on a number between 1 and 1000 in the hope of get the 600 to 1 payoff that go to that few who guess right . the bettor be queue up in several line before a long table , where they place they bet and be give receipt in return . other wait at a cashier 's window to pick up previous earn - ing or to ask fer credit . mottola move through the crowd to a back room where betting slip be be sort and meney count under the watchful and somewhat impatient gaze of a supervisor , a older man name Mr. Granger , the yankee - White Sox game be hear on the radio in the background . '' mottola , notice that he entrance have arouse little inter - est , saunter over to the phone girl and give she a little pinch on the cheek . the girl slap he hand away , obviously have be through this before . phone girl beat it , mottcla . Granger glance up and exchange a token nod with mottola , who plop down in a fold chair next to the radio . the phone ring . phone girl 8720 . , . yes , hold on a second . ( call over to the supervisor ) Mr. Granger , Chicago on the line . Granger be a little apprehensive about talk to Chicago , but take the phone anyway . : _ granger - yeh ? a # 02062 -int . a waterfront processing plant - chicago - day a flabby , bald man name comb be on the other end of the line . visible beyond the door and interior window of he office be a large room , cluttere with table , typewriter , clerk and add machine . this room be the clearinghouse for all the transaction of the number game . all the betting slip and income from the spot be bring in here and process . comb Granger , this be comb . why have not we hear from ya ? everybody else be in . . granger . we have a few problem with the Law this morning . the Mayor promise the jayce to get tough on the racket again , so he shut every - body down for a couple hour to make it look good . nothing serious , it just put we a little behind for the day . comb you be make you payoff , have not ya ? : granger Hell yes . he do this every year . there 's nothing to worry about . ccolbss okay , finish you count and get it up here as soon as you can . i.do not wanta be here all night . granger believe I , the man 's gonna be real happy . look like we clear over ten grand this veek . comb {not impressed ) we clearec 22 here . granger well , hell , you get the whole Chicago south side . how do ya ex - pect the eight lousy spot I have get to compete with that ? continued 3 - a #02062 continued comb ( read off a sheet of paper on he desk ) they do 14 grand in Evanston , 16.5 in Gary , and 20 in cicero . look 's like you be bring up the rear , Granger . int . number spot - day Granger burn inside . one of the girl who 's be sorting and count hand he a slip of paper . a granger : < I just get the count . we will put the take on the 4:15 . fs comb we will be waitin’ , comb hang up , smile to himself , proud of the way he give the needle to Granger . cur to int . number spot = day - Granger storming over to a safe and jerk open the door . granger ( snap ) mottola , mottola hustle out of he chair . granger ( hand he a bundle of bill ) take this up to the city on the . 4:15 . they will be waitin ' for it . at the clear house . and do not stop for no urink . you can get a cab down the street . mottola take the money and slip it into he inside coat pocket with all the dramatic flair of the true flunky . no one would ever guess that he be just a overdress Messenger boy . # 02062 ext . of the tenement again mottola emerge from a side entrance into a narrow alley . he walk briskly down to the end and turn leave into a larger alleyway ; this one connect two street . the alley be desert save for one scruffy , slovenly dress young stranger come toward he from the opposite direction . the man carry a batter suitcase and seem to be in a hurry . suddenly , mottola hear shouting come from somewhere behind he . he turn around to see a small , weathered lock thief come racing around the corner and down the alley toward he , frantically pursue by a gray-haire black man . limp noticeably , the black man manage a few cry for help and then stumble and fall . the stranger yell at mottola to cover he side of the alley , and then ready himself for the arrival of the thief . mottola just stand there , not the least interested in the exercise of justice , just as the thief be about to run on by , the stranger throw he suitcase at the little man' leg , send he sprawling and separate he from the wallet he 's be carry in he leave hand . the stranger make a dash for the wallet and kick it back to where mottola be stand . almost by reflex , mottola pick it up . the thief scramble to he foot and start back toward he new - find enemy , brandish a knife . both the stranger and mottola brace themselves for a attack . the thief . realize that there be twg people to fight , begin to think better of it . he be not a young man , nor particularly strong . thief ( shaking he fist at the stranger ) . you goddam nigger - lover . I will get you for this someday , sucker egg . mottola and the stranger exchange glance of relief as the thief flee out onto the street and disappear . the black man , meanwhile , have struggle to he feec and be staggering toward they . he collapse against the alley wall after a few step . the stranger rush over to he , follow some - what absently by mottola . black man - the wallet . you gotta go after he . he 's get all the money . stranger — do not worry , we get the wallet . what happen ? he get ya with the knife ? continued cdm #02062 - continued the stranger open the Black man 's coat to reveal a bloody wound at the top of he leg . black man ntry to move ) give it to I ! please . I gotta know it 's all there ! . : stranger you just sit tight , old man . we be - gonna have to get you the a doctor , ( start to leave ) T will call a cop , black man no , no cop ! : mottola have give he he wallet , which the black man now open , disclose a fat bundle of bill tie by a rubber band . mottola and the stranger be amaze by the amount of money . stranger ( a little uneasy ) you want by the law or somethin' ? black man naw , it 's okay . . stranger you be crazy carryin' that kinda money in this neighborhood . no wonder you get hit . ( ' black man to get to bis 's fet ) thanks . I be oblige to ya , but I gotta get goin’ , . ( he leg give way under he ) stranger you be not goin ' nowhere on that leg . : black man I gotta 's lock , I run some slot down in West Bend for a mob here . I get a little behind on my payoff so they figure I be holdin ! out on ‘em . they give I to 4:00 to come up with the cash . I do not get it there I be dead . continued eém #02062 - continued = 2 - . stranger it do not look good , gramp , it 's ten of now . black man ~ zt get a hundred buck for you and you friend 4 # you deliver the money for I . stranger ( hesitates ) . I dunno . that little mug that get ya be mad enough at I already -- what if he 's out there waitin 's " around a corner with some friend . . black man . he will not know you be carryin ' it . c'mon , you gotta help I out . . stranger EL eee up , cata so : pa tt you up , can af doe , but I be not gonna walk to a bunch of knife for ya . black man ( desperate to mottola ) how bout you ? I 'li give you the whole hundred ! stranger what make you think you can trust he ? he do not do shit . mottola hey , butt out , chicken liver . 1 give he back he wallet , do not 1 ? ( the black man ) how far be this place ? black man 2811 mason . put it in box 3c . you will not have no trouble . there 's five thousand dollar there and here 's a hundred for you . mottola ( take the bundle of bill from the black man , plus the $ 100 bill ) all right . i°11 make you drop for you , old man . and do not worry , you can trust I . continued pmf # 02062 - Rev. 1/9/73 8 5 continued ~ 3 mottola put the bill in he inside coat pocket , right next to the number money . the stranger , who have now finish bandage , watch he do it . . stranger : if that goons out there decide to ( 2 search ya , you will never fool ‘em carryin ' it there . black man - ( suddenly afraid again ) what do we do ? - " v' + + '' stranger you get a bag or something ' ? black man no . . stranger how ' bout a handkerchief ? black man here . the stranger go into the right coat pocket and pull out a wrinkle handkerchief . . . stranger let I have the money . mottola take out the Black man 's five grand and hand it to the stranger . he put it in the handkerchief . stranger you better stick that other in here too , if you wanta keep it . black man ( plead ) sust hurry , will ya . they think I ( x be hold out on they . my wife get sick and I have to pay the bill . - I be not hold out -- I tell they I would make it up next delivery . mottola pull out the number money and put it in the hand - kerchief too . the stranger tie it all up . stranger ( gemanstrate by slip the bundle down into crotch ) all right . carry it down in you - pants here . : continued ~ edm sa #02062 - continued = 4 stranger ( cont would ) ( pull it back out and . tucking it in mottola 's pants ) ai not no hard guy in the world gonna frisk ya there . mottola thanks . ( to the black man ) so long , partner , do not worry , everything 's gonna be allright , the Black man nod gratefully , but there 's still a trace of worry on he face . mottola trot off down the alley and out onto the street , glance around cautiously for sign of trouble , he walk hurriedly down the sidewalk toward the : cab stand in the distance . suddenly the little man with the knife appear out of a doorway about 15 yard behind he . mottola notice he and quicken he pace , finally break into a dead run . . : we follow he as he dash headlong down the street , open a big lead on the guy with the knife , he reach the taxi zone . he hop in a cab and slam the door . int . taxi = day he jump in , close the door , and breathes a sigh of relief . cabbie where to ? mottola which way be mason ? cabbie about 20 block south , mottola : okay , go north . the joliet Station -- fast. mottola settles back in he seat and start to leugh . cabbie what 's so funny , mottola I just make the world 's easiest five grand . : continued 5 - a #02062 , - 10 ( x ' continued he take the bundle out from inside he pants in order to gaze upon he new - find fortune . he unty the handkerchief . it 's full of toilet paper . mottola look like he 's just be shot . . ext . alley - day ~ the stranger and black man hightail it down the street , two newly solvent con artist on the lam . it 's hard to run they be laugh so hard . the stranger chuck he suitcase into a trash can , and pull into a alcove . the older black man be puffing and out of breath . black man hold on johnny . oh man , be that beautiful ! let 's see it --- the stranger get out the envelope and start tear it open , stranger I be sure he be on to we . black man naw , you have he all the way . he just ... he stop as the stranger pull the number money out of the envelope . they stare at it . stranger my God , luther , we be millionaire . luther Jesus , what a bundle . do you know he be that load ? stranger Hell no , I just cut into he . I woulda settle for pawn one of they shoe . . 5 ° they look at each other in delight . then the black man look over he shoulder . slack man c'mon , we gotta get out of here ! we will split it tonight . see ya later . the two man take off , split up this time . cuT to 8 - a 10 il 12 #02062 - Rev. 1/9/73 be omitted title sequence done to a drive Chicago blue , the sequence be design to establish somewhat the milieu of the stranger , know to friend and enemy alike as hooker . we see the follow : ext . pawnshop = day - looking inside hooker be get a radio and a garish suit out of hock . it 's like see old friend again . all pantomime . '' int . hooker be room - day a shabby little place he rent above a cigar store . we pick he up in a jerry - build outdoor shower , which he 's rig up on the fire escape . the rinse water drip down through the landing inte the grimy alley below . hooker ( sing ) : ' with plenty of money and you - c0 - co . oh baby , what I would not do -o0-00 ....! omitted on the STREET again - night jauntily carry a magnum of champagne and some flower , ob - viously on he way to see someone special . in a .burlesque house C carry the flower and champagne , hooker come through the ( stage door and make he way toward the wing where he brushes by the floor manager . manager howdy , hooker , you gettin ' marry q ox somethin' ? . hooker of qo ( irritate ) get use to it , Ed , I be gonna look this good from now on . he stand in the wing and watch he date for the evening , ( 3 a 6'3° stripper name Crystal , do she routine . . continued '' pmf '' = # 02062 = Rev. 1/9/73 . : l- 12 continued Crystal finish up and come off the stage . crystal ntire ) ei , hooker , you gettin ' marry or somethin' ? ogoing past he ) ( for God 's sake Ed , do you hear that out there ? corio could not keep time in a watch factory . how long do I gotta put up with that ? ( Ed just walk away ) . booker : you wanna get outa . here tonight ? Lee -- C come into a little dough . crystal can not . I get a 10 o'clock show . I need the five buck . jy 12 13 #02062 : : '' 3 continued hooker I will spend fifty on ya . Crystal lock at he a second and start to giggle . we be pretty sure she 's gonna get outa here tonight , . coming into a poor man' gambling joint Little more than a convert brick basement , the place contain three shoddy , homemade roulette table . hooker , accompany now by Crystal , nod a greeting to the doorman 's Crystal keep up a steady stream of conversation , crystal ya know , hooker , I think I need a new band . hogan do not show up . anymore , and corio ' 's such a lush ° he can not even keep time . you hear what he be playin’ tonight ? ( illustrate with appropriate move ) T 'do my kick and turn and he : come with ka chu boom boom instead of ka chu ka chu boom boom . what if some movie agent be there . and I be tryin' to dance to ka chu boom boom , huh ? all that year of trainin’ down the drain , hooker go to a table where there be already several other people lay they bet for the next spin . hooker know the wheelman , .an old - timer name Jimmy . . oimmy ( glad to see he ) hooker ! : hooker how ya doin ' , Jimmy , ' - jimmy ( collect bet and pay off the winner ) ai not see you in month , boy , think maybe you take a fall . hooker naw , just a little hard time , that 's all . it 's all over now . . continued al 13 #02062 , . . : '' ou continued - jimmy you gonna have a go here ? opoint to the betting board ) '' how ' bout a ten spot on the line here . the 4 - 9 be lookin ' good today . lotsa action on 28th Street down there , too . pay ya 341 . '' as Jimmy finish he spiel , he start the . wheel spin and drop in the ball . betting be allow to continue until the ball drop from the outer ring into the center . hooker ( take out he wallet ) Three grand on the black . Jimmy be stunne . the other at the table , use to dollar bet , look at hooker like he 's some kind of foreign dignitary . jimmy ( worried ) you sure you wanna start off that big ? Bet like that could put a real dent in we , . hooker I feel lucky tonight . : jimmy aw , come on , hooker , why do not you just .... hooker : Three grand on the Black , Jimmy . Jimmy want to argue some more , but the ball be get ready the drop into the center . we see Jimmy quickly press a hide lever under the table with he foot . ' the ball fall and settles into red 27 with a motion that be not quite right . the other at the table fail to notice , but hooker be not fool . he stare venomously at Jimmy , who know that hooker be on to he . jimmy sorry , hooker . ( make a attempt at levity , in order ‘to explain ) good thing that ball come up red . guy could get in trouble around here , losin ' a bet that big . _ continued ak # 02062 13 continued + 2 Jimmy reach for hooker 's money . hooker stop he by put he hand on it . hooker spin it again . Jimmy do not know what the hell to do . he give hooker a ( little head motion to indicate a large and menace thug sittin in a corner watch they . suddenly , hooker understand why Jimmy have to cheat he , but it do not change he demand . hooker spin it anyway , Jimmy . Jimmy be beside himself . if he do not spin again , hooker may expose he . if he do spin , and lose , he management will fire he . he plead to hooker with he eye ; but it 's no use ; Jimmy spin the wheel and reluctantly drop in the ball . this time there be no foot on the lever , and it settles into black 15 . hooker stare at the ball a second and then look up at he terrify friend . - . hooker do not worry , pal . I know it be my night . hooker push the money over to Jimmy and walk out of the room , nodd to the thug on the way out . he 's lose $ 3,000 , but he 's ( still work on a lucky night . : cuT to 13-a ext . gambling joint - night ' ( . . . x hocker and Crystal out on the street . crystal ( x ( check she watch ) well , look like I can still make the 10 o'clock . thanks for the big evening , hooker , the next time you wanna spend 50 buck on I , mail it . she walk off down the street . hooker - ( go into he pocket for more money ) hey wait a minute . ( he come up with 30 '' ) aw , the hell with ya . cur to sd 14 1s 16 #02062 ext . the waterfront processing plant - niget a late model Ford roar up and screech to a stop in front of the plant . out burst a carefully - groom , tight - lipped young man name greer , who hustle into the plant . we follow he through a maze of machinery to the service elevator and up to the third floor where we find ourselves in the clearinghouse room we see earlier . int . plant - afternoon = late the work day be over now , and everyone have go , except for comb , who sit somberly in he office . : greer they find mottola . he be drunk in a dive in joliet .. never - get 's on the train . ss comb naggravate ) . zt do not wanta hear about he day , greer . what happen to the money ? , greer he lose it to a coupla con artist on he way outa the spot . comb how much ?- greer twelve thousand . comb sit in quiet think for a second . finally : comb all right . better get on the phone to New York . see what the big mick want to do about it . ( pause ) I gotta pretty good idea , though . cuT to int . - a exclusive new york gambling club - late afternoon a agitate young man , floyd , weave he way through the crap and roulette table , and hustle up a staircase to a second floor room with a draw of a snarling tiger on the deor . below the tiger , the word " faro " appear . there be a large man , of thuggish demeanor , guard the door , but floyd give he a small hand signal and walk right by he . : , curt to 17 #02062 inside the faro room ih the center be a beautifully - carve wooden table , on which sit a faro board and a deal box , tend by a stone - face Dealer , who call the progress of the game in a continuous monotone . on he right be a bookish little man with a abacus-like device that keep track of the card which have already be play . on the opposite side of the table , completely absorb in the rhythmic appearance of the card from the deal box , sit doyle lonnegan . although he clothes ard accessory be that of a wealthy man , there be @ coarseness to both he movement and speech which bespeak lower class origin , for which he now have nothing but contempt . floyd enter the room and approach he cautiously , try _hard to make as little noise as possible . : floyd doyle , can I see you . a minute ? lonnegan ( not look up from the table ) I be busy , floyd . floyd it 's important . we have a little trouble in Chicago today . one of we runner get hit for 12 grand . # new man , mottola . '' '' ( cg lonnegan you sure he do not just pocket it ? . floyd no’ , we check he story with a tipster . he be clean by two grifter on 47th . lonnegan they workin ' for anybody ? floyd I do not know . could be . we be runnin ' that down now . lonnegan all right , mark this mottola up a ( x little and put he on a bus . nothin ' fancy , just enough to keep he from come back . get some local people to take care of the grifter . ( impassively ) we gotta discourage this kinda thing . cuT to pmf 18 #0206200 os L {x int , a old brownstone - night hooker , still in he suit , but look a little worse for wear , knock on the door of one of the apartment . a young black woman , Louise , answer the door , hold a baby . hooker ( doffing he hat ) evenin ' , Louise . louise ( stand back to appraise he ) goddamn , johnny : hooker , if you be not a sharper in they linen . be not I know ya so good , I would swear you have class , hooker laugh and walk into a big hug from a older black woman , alva . Beyond she , in the dining alcove , we see the Black man , ( from here on refer to as luther coleman ) play a game of mah - jongg with another man whose back be to we . elsewhere in the room , a l2 - year - old boy , leroy , sit in front of a big cabinet radio , listen to a crime - buster serial , both the radio and the conversation between luther and he friend can be hear in the background . Louise put the baby to hed . other man alva : ( put down a ( embrace he * bambo ' mah - in a bear hug ) jongg tile ) : oh johnny , luther say you 5 stick . be something ' to see today . coleman hooker ( not want it , so draw from the pile another tile and dis - card it ) North wind . other man ( snap it up ) pung ! ( discard a - other tile ) 3 crack . coleman ( net be able to use that one either , draw from the pile again and dis - card it ) Green dragon . I do not know , alva . I gotta get faster tyin ' up that bundle . I be still givin ' ‘em too much time to think . alva ( go to the closet and get - ting she coat . . and hat ) aw , boushwah , I play the switch with slower hand than you get . course the up and down Broadway be my best game . I and luther do not make much on it , but it be not so touchy . they mark use to beat ya up awful bad when they catch ya on the switch . continued pmeé # 02062 18 continued other man ( draw from pile , reacting with glee ) '' another flower ! hot dog , I get all 4 ! and I get the draw again . how do you like that ? e coleman ( he do not like it ) just play the game , will ya Erie . alva ( cont would ) ( to the boy ) let 's go , leroy , we will be late for church . leroy ( absorb in the radio ) aw c'mon ma , they be closin in on mcgurn . alva who you rootin ' for anyway ? {to herself ) do not seem to be no help for it ... no matter what we do , the boy turn out good . leroy go to get he jacket . Louise be finish put the baby to bed . hooker since when you be goin ' to church at night ? alva since they start late bingo . I be gonna call on the Lord for a little cash while he 's still payin 's off . luther , you look in on that child from time to time , will ya ? + , luther nod that he will . alva , leroy and Louise leave for church . hooker go to the dining room table and plop down some money in front of the other man ( know as the Erie kid ) who we recognize as the thief who steal luther 's wallet . hooker Nice goin ' , Erie . the guy turn out to be a oil well , . Erie and hooker share a laugh . luther be conspicuously silent . hooker ( to Erie ) which way do he go ? erie due north . he be gonna take it all . hooker . the bastard . he can blow he nose all the way . continued # 02062 continued - 2 hooker ( cont would ) ( put a bundle of bill down in front of luther ) eere ya go , luther . six gee . luther do not even look at it . coleman . you be late . where you be ? , hooker ( flopping into a chair ) _ I have some appointment . coleman {net fool ) '' how much do ya lose ? hooker ( after a pause ) all of it . coleman ( piss ) in one gaddamn night ? what be ya sprayin ' money around like that for ? you coulda be nail . hooker I check the place out . there be not no dick in there . coleman | you be a con man , and you blow it iike a pimp . I do not teach ya to be no pimp . . rooker what 's eatin ' you ? I have blow money before . coleman no class grifter woulda do it , that 's all . - hooker you think my play be bad ? coleman I think it 's the best .... continued pm£ # 02062 = Rev. 1/9/73 18 continued = 3 hooker sink back , embarrassed that he misread coleman 's in - tention . . coleman «ee it 's the only reason I be not quit before now . hooker ( bewilder ) what ? coleman . I be gettin’ too slow for this racket . you hang on too tong , you start embarrassin ' yourself . hooker what be you talkin ' about ? we just take off the biggest score we have ever have . coleman it 's nothin ' compare to what you could be makin ' on the Big con , . you be wastin ' you time workin ' street mark . . hooker hey look . you think I be gonna run out on ya or somethin' ? luther , I owe you everything . if you have not teach I con , I would not know : nothin 's . coleman ( a little embarrassed ) aw hell , you sound like some go dam sucker , hooker but you play the Big con . you say it be nothin’ . a game for flake and mama 's boy . coleman ( pause ) Hell , I never play no Big con . I hang around and pick up a few continued pmf 1s i8- a " #02062 no * continued = 4 coleman . ( cont would ) thing , but there be not no rich ( boy gonna trust a hungry nigger enough to get con . ( pause , hold up the money ) . I be lookin ' for this one all my life , johnny . now I get a chance to step out at the top . hocker know it 's no use , hooker ( after a iong - silence ) what the hell you gonna do with yourself ? coleman aw , I get a brother down in K.C. , run a freight outlet . I can go halfsies with ‘em ! it be not too exciting , but it 's mostly legal , hooker just nod . coleman straighten up , kid . TI would not turn ya out if ya be not ready . ( flipping hooker a piece of paper ) there 's a guy in Chicago name ( Henry gondorf£ I want you to look up . there be not a better insideman alive . he will teach ya everything ya gotta know . hooker — you will take a cut of what I make , will not ya ? coleman I be out , johnny . hooker tf that 's the way you want .it. coleman that 's the way I want it . . ext . a downtown section of joliet - wicht , ( mottola , dapper as ever ; but roaring drunk and belligerent as ( hell , stumble out of a " jump " nightclub , drape all over a young party girl . continued 18 - a 19 #02062 se os oo 2 : continued a doorman offer to assist he to he car , but mottola push he away in contempt . the girl , a little wobbly herself , have the presence of mind to signal for a cab . one pull over immediately and she open the rear door and help mottola in . instead of get in herself , however , she blow he a little kiss and turn back toward the club . mottola , not plan on go home empty-hand , reach out to pull she back when suddenly , out of nowhere , two man wear - ing gray suit and black fedora slide in next to he , one on either side . they close they respective door quickly and signal the cabbie to pull out . not a word be speak , but mottola know he 's in big trouble for the second time today . CUT to ext . a dimly lit STREET - night . it 's late at night now , hooker and eirie wander along the street together , not really ready to go home , but with neo other idea either . hooker , obviously preoccupy , idly strike a match on a street lamp as he pass and let it burn out . he do this several time . hooker how do you like that coleman , huh ? after five year . eirie aw come on , it be the only thing to do . he know he be holdin’ ya back . . hooker we be partner . if it be not for luther I would still be hustlin ' pinball down at gianelli 's . I do not need anything more than I get . eirie .. , you be not gonna have nothin ' if you " 3 ° do not lay off they game of chance . there 's a depression on ya know . hooker there 's always a depression on . . eirie if you save a little , you would not have to grift sce much , continued jy 19 402062 ae : 2 continued hooker I like griftin ' , eirie you could buy yourself some thing . clothes , or a nice car .... : hooker I do not look any good in clothes ' and I do not know how to drive , what else ya get to sell , eirie ? . eirie forget it . ' ghey walk on a few more foot , when suddenly a police car pull up alongside they and two man jump out . the first , a uniform policeman , grab eirie around the neck . tte : - hooker make a break for it , but the second figure , a burly detective name Snyder , tackle he in the middle of the street , drag he back into the alley and plaster he up against a brick wall . the two have meet before . hooker hi there , Snyder , thing a little slow down at the bunco Department tonight , eh ? somebody lose the domino ? snyder you score blood money today , hooker . you need a friend . hooker oknock Snyder 's : hand away ) . aw , find yourself a shoplifter to roll . Snyder give hooker a swift knee in the thigh and follow it with a elbow across the head , hooker fly into a row of box and garbage can . - booker ( get up slowly ) .. you get the wrong guy , pal . I be home with the flu all day . {rising to a fuller height ) you can stake out my toilet if you want . bang . Snyder , infuriate by hooker 's irreverance , slam he to the ground again . the policeman be - no longer hold eirie but be almost dare he to make a move . eirie want to go to hooker 's aid , but he know the policeman will . beat he to @ pulp . continued sy = # 02062 . oo . . - 2 . 19 continued - 2 snyder ( pull hooker out of the heap and smash he against the wall again ) ttll tell ya what you do , smart - boy . you tie into a load mark on 47th . you and coleman play ( xx the switch for he and blow he off to a cab on 49th . if he have not be a number runner for doyle lonnegan , it woulda be perfect . . . hooker ( startle by the information ) you be crazy . I be not stupid . enough to play for racket money . snyder not intentionally maybe , but that do not make no difference to lonnegan . he will swat you like any fly . hooker I will square it with the fixer , snyder nobody can buy you a prayer , if I put the finger on ya . Snyder let go . hooker sink back against the wall , he say nothing ; he 's wait for the price . snyder I figure you end of the score be at least 3 gee . I want 2 no matter what it be . hooker ( lie ) my end be only one , _ snyder . ( net take the fake ) then you will have to come up with another grand somewhere . hooker be beat and he know it , continued jy | | | xr -. # 02062 continued - 3 hooker all right , he reach into he coat , pull out a stack of bill and count out $ 2000 to Snyder . he do not think hooker have it , snyder opockete the money and mo - " tion he partner to put he gun away ) you be a smart egg , hooker . no use dyin ! for 2 grand . . : eirie look on in amazement ; snyder and he policeman friend get in they car and start down the street . other direction . Snyder and he partner disappear around a corner . eirie I think you blow all you money . hooker I do . that stuff I give he be counterfeit . they will pinch he the first place he try to spend it . suddenly take off like a shot , int , drugstore = night he run into a drugstore and go to the ' phone booth . already a woman in it . she out . rurriedly , he begin to dial . eirie ( stand outside the booth ) what the hell you gonna do when Snyder rush he finger right to leonnegan ? you be committin ' suicide , kid . hooker ( wait for - the ring ) aw Christ , it do not make no difference now . if Snyder know continued hooker and eirie walk nonchalantly in the | hooker there 's hooker rip open the deor and throw sy 20 2 22 22- a 23 24 for #02062 a : . og continued . hooker ( cont would ) about it so do everybody else . he never get anything first ... damn , there 's no answer at luther 's , eirie listen to I , hooker , whatever you do , do not go back to you place tonight , do not go anyplace you usually go , ya hear I ? get outa town or somethint , but .... hooker , still get no answer , slam the phone down and blast out of the booth . ext , STREET = night eirie chase he frantically , call he to come back , but he 's give away too many year and there 's no stop hooker at this point . cuut to ext , STREET - night - shot of hooker pump down the street , '' ext , luther' brownstone = night hooker race into luther 's brownstone , charge up to the third floor , int , luther' brownstone - niget hooker run up through a small group of people on the stair . he burst into luther 's room , the door of which be already open , the xoom show sign of a struggle , a turn - over chair , a break lamp , but there be no coleman . hooker go slowly to the window . he look down into the courtyard and then suddenly sprint back out the door . as we hear he scramble down the stair , the camera dolly to the window and look out . over this , the sound of the baby cry , ext . courtyard =~ night there on the concrete below , face down , be the body of luther coleman , hooker race out to it and kneel down . continued jy 24 - # 02062 continued hooker ( shaking the body ) c'mon luther , get up . you gotta get up , luther , in the distance , siren be hear . head be out of the window and some people be start to gather in the courtyarc hooker goddamn you , luther , will you get up ? ( shaking the body ) q I be not waitin ' for you , luther . | I be not waitin ' dnymore , get up , _ you son-of - a-bitch . , goddamn you , luther , goddamn . : . the siren be close now , and hooker tear himself away from luther and run , the other gather to look at the body . fade out '' da * # 02062 fade in the set -up fade out ' la 25 26 27 28 29 #02062 fade in int , the train station - day we open on hooker sleep in some remote corner of the station , cover with newspaper for warmth , and barely distinguishable from the clutter of junk surround he . a station security officer , on he morning sweep , wander by and deliver a terrific blow to the sole of hooker 's foot with a nightstick , hooker jolt awake with a cry of pain , as the officer diffidently move on toward another sleep victim . '' tire and sore from he night in the Station , hooker struggle to he foot and attempt to take stock of the situation , - he try to smooth . the wrinkle out of he suit , but it 's futile . a quick check of he wallet find it as empty as he would remember it , cuut to the station - gift shop - day hooker walk in and go to the toy section . he look through several small novelty , till he find what he 's look for er a little tin replica of a policeman 's badge . he look around for station detective , and see none , slip the badge into he pocket . cuT to the station - washroom = day hooker rinse out he mouth , towel off he face and slick he hair back with water . 's it 's a drop in the bucket , but it seem to revitalize he a little . cur to station ~ hallway - day wa see hooker remove a sign from a door , but the angle prohibit we from read it . int . station ~ day he drop the sign in a waste can and walk out into the crowded passenger lobby . after scan the area earefully for a minute , he go up to a conservative young business man , who 's busy read the schedule board . : continued omm - 29 #02062 continued 3 hooker ( flash open he wallet to reveal the little tin badge and then close it again cuickly ) ' Excuse I , sir . treasury dept ... T would like to ask you a few cuestion . man ( flustered ) what for ? I have not do anything . booker we do not doubt that , but there 's a counterfeit operation pass bad money in the station . have you make any purchase here today ? man ( reluctantly ) yes , a ticket to Chicago . hooker then I be afraid we will have to impound you money until we be sure that it 's all good . can I see you wallet and you ticket , please ? man ( hand they over ) but I get a train to make . hooker ( take out the money and return the wallet ) it will only take 20 minute or so . you can pick it up at the window down the hall . . man but what about all this other peorle ? hooker ( blow up ) we will get them : give we a chance . I be not the only agent in here , ya know . we go around advertising we - selve , how many counterfeiter do you think we would catch , huh ? ( point to have suit ) you think I be wearin’ this rag she + ' cause I like it ? Christ , evervbody think life 's a holiday or something ' when you get a badge . continued '' mge 29 30 31 _ # 02062 La ae continued = 2 hooker ( cont would ) opour 1 '' on ) I be here since three this morn - ing . Charlie . and I never know there be so much ugliness in people . you try to help ‘em and . they spit on you . I shoulda let " ya go and get yourself arrest for passin’ false note . : the businessman be totally shame . - man I be sorry , really I be , but my train leave in ten minute , hooker all right . i'11 give yaa break , ( point to a hall ) down that hall there . there 's a unmark door on the leave . go on in there and wait at the window . I will take this ... ( he hold up the money ) eevdn the back and run it through right away . we will have you outta there in a couple minute . man thank you . you do not know how much I appreciate this , — hooker ( with a little wave ) think nothin ' of it , the man go off down the hall , more than grateful to be give a break like this . hooker head for the '' back . " we follow the man down the hall to the unmark door . he stride on through to find himself face to face with a wall of busily flush urinal . cur to ext , station - day - hooker board the 8:10 for Chicago . cur to int , station - day the man wander up and down the hall , wonder how he coula have miss that room . mge 32 #02062 . 3 ext . chicago STREET - day the street run alongside a elevate train track , we pick up hooker come down the street , eat a hot dog he buy with the money he just earn in the train station , he appear to be look for a address , refer every now and then to the piece of paper luther give he the night before . finally he stop in front of a old three - story building which contain a carousel on the bottom two floor and what appear to be apartment on the third floor , he peer inside the big , slide glass door and see no sign of life , go around to the side to look for a way in , a 35 - year-old woman , billie , appear in she bathrobe on the ( second floor landing and descend the stair to get the morning paper . she 's eat a apple . although she have just get up and look it , she have the presence of one who be probably quite strike at ‘other hour , the sight of hooker | faze she not at all . hooker Excuse I , I be look for a guy name Henry gondorff , you know he ? billie ( start back up the stair ) no. booker luther coleman send I . billie stop and come back down the stair , it 's the first time she 's stop chew . billie ( check he out ) you hooker ? hooker yeh . billie why do not you say so , I think maybe you be a copper or something ' , she go to a side door and unlock it . billie it 's the room in the back . he be not expect you so soon though . hooker 's not quite sure what that mean , but there 's something about billie that make he know that . you do not ask , # 02062 co mo , . og int , carousel - day hocker walk past the now motionless carousel to the room in the back and knock on the door . no answer . he give the door a little push and it swing open , int . gondorffas room = day the room inside be small and cluttere , consist of a bed , a sink , and a bathroom , all cover by a layer of book , éirty clothes and beer bottle . draped over a chair , fully dress , but completely pass out be the one and only Henry gondorff , hooker ( to himself ) the great Henry gondorff , " eur to int . a shower - day water blast out of the fixture . we see gondorff , still fully clothed , sit in the bottom of the shower , the spray stream off he face . a impose figure , with deep set eye , he just sit there stoically , look like a soggy C lumberjack . hooker , sit on the floor between the toilet and the sink . watch listlessly . finally - <- . gondorff turn the goddamn thing off , will ya . hooker . you sober ? gondorff T can talk , can not I ? hooker make no move to get up . gondorff struggle to he knee , turn off the water , and slump back against the wall . the two man just look past each other a second . down in the bottom . gondorff glad to meet ya. kid . you be a real horse 's ass . hooker yeh , luther say you could teach I something . I already know how to drink . gondorff wipe he face with he hand , his mood soften a little , : continued mge 35 ~~ | | 's " a , ' 's . ' , an o~ #02062 = ° 7 + continued gondoref ( quietly ) I be sorry about luther . he be the best street worker I ever see , hooker he have you down as a big-timer , what happen ? gondorfp aw , I con a Senator from Florida on a stock deal . a real lop -ear , he think he be gonna take over General electric . some chantoozie wake he up , though , and he put the fed on I , hooker . you mean you blow it . gondorff ( pause ) luther do not tell I you have a big mouth , hooker he do not tell I you be a fuck - up , either . . : ( gondorff look : at he coldly ) you play the Big con since then . gondorff no , I lam it around for a while while thing cool off . Philly , Denver , Baltimore , nuthin ' town . hooker 's disappointment be obvious . gondorff but do not kid yourself , friend . 1 still know how , hooker nod , unconvince , gondorff ( get up from the floor and emp - tie the water out of he pocket ) you gonna stay for breakfast , or do you already know how to eat ? continued 35 36 #02062 continued ~ 2 hooker ( tired ) I pick something up on the way . gondorff . ( sense something ) lonnegan after you , too ? hooker I do not know , have not see anybody . gondorff you never do , kid . we go to hooker . he have not think of that , ext . a beautiful old colonial country club = long island - day lonnegan . in plus four and argyle sit on a bench as other member of he foursome tee off , floyd come up to he . 4 floyd we just talk to Chicago . they get one of the grifter last night . the nigger . lonnegan what about the other one ? floyd they be still look for he . lonnegan - who do comb have on it ? floyd he give it to Reilly and Cole . lonnegan '' hacker . floyd they stake out the other guy 's place last night , but he never _ -.. show , they figure maybe he skip town . you wanna follow ‘em up ? lonnegan regards floyd patiently and then pat the bench beside he . floyd sit gingerly . continued no | 36 37 " 402062 = Rev. 1/9/73 . 3 continued lonnegan you see the guy in the red sweater over there ? we cut to one of lonnegan 's feursome , a short , squat little irishman in a red sweater . he have a gocd -time , friendly manner and a win irish smile . we like he immediately . lonnegan name 's Danny mccoy . petunias , I qo call he . we use to work subway entrance to the Brooklyn navy yard , sellin ' flower to the sailor . Danny would tell ‘em where - to find a floosy , and I would pedal ‘em the flower . Danny do not know any flozzy , so he usually give ‘em . the address of somebody he be mad at. ( chuckle to himself ) yeh , floyd , take a good look at that face , ' cause if he ever find out we can be beat by one lousy grifter , I will have to kill he and every other hood who would like to take over my operation . you understand what I be sayin ' ? floyd ( x yes sir . : lonnegan . ( x good lad . lonnegan be call to the tee by one of he foursome . he exchange a friendly smile with mccoy and belt the bali down the fairway . . cur to int . the carousel again - day gondorff , dry off now and in a new set of ¢lothes , be pull - ing up the shade of the large face window of the carousel building . the morning light pour in , illuminate fully for the first time the ornate merry - go-round and its massive oaken horse , hooker watch he go about he business . billie call down from the mezzanine which surround the carousel . billie you feel all right this morning , Henry ? . gondorff Fine , billie . continued 37 " # 02062 = Rev. 1/9/73 continued billie : you mind open the round a little early today ? we get some business come in before hour . gondorff wave okay . gondorff ( to hooker ) great little countess , that billie . run a good house up there , toc . one of the few leave the syndicate do not own . gondorff walk around con the carousel , check strap , bear - ing and pole . hooker follow he . . hooker ( get impatient ) gondorff , be I gonna learn some Big con around here or not ? gondorff - ( on he back , check - ing underneath one of the horse ) you do not act much like you want the . hooker - I wanna play for lonnegan . gondorff ( get up ) you know anything about he ? R ( explode ) yeh , he croak luther . what else do I gotta know ? gondorff plenty . do he bet on the fight ? be he a lady ' man ? a boozer ? do he play the market ? who do he dirty work ? do you know any - thing ? : ' hooker he run the number on the South side . continued ow coy no | # 02062 = Rev. 19/730 3 37 continued - 2 now . gondorff : and a pack company , a chain of saving & loan and half the poli- tician in Chicago and New York . there be not a fix in the world gonna cool him out if he blow on - yae hooker I will take he anyway . gondorff why ? " _. + + " hooker ' Cause I do not know enough about killin ' to kill he . it 's the right answer . gonder £¢ do not know it himself until gondorff you can not do it alone , ya know . it take a mob a guy like you and enough money to make ‘em look good . hooker so I know plenty a guy . a gondorff this be not like playin ' wino on the street . you gotta do more than outrun the guy . hooker ( incense ) I never play for no wine . gondorff ( go right on , ignore hooker 's remark ) you gotta keep he con , even after you spend he money . and no matter how much you take from he , he will get more . ~ hooker you be scared cf ‘em , be not ya ? gondorff right down to my sock , pal . we be talkin ' about a guy who would kill a gzrifter over a chunk a money - that would not support he two day . continued # 02062 ~ Rev. 1/9/73 ns 39 ( x continued = 3 - : _ hooker ( give up ) then you do not wanta do it . : . gondorff .t just do not want you comin ' back to I halfway through and sayin ' it 's not enough . ' Cause it 's all you get . gondorff go over to start the machinery . - hooker .. gam you get a mob together ? gondorff I do not know , this one 's kinda a risky . I doubt if I can get more than two or three hundred guy . gondorff switch on the carousel and step back to admire he handiwork . the carousel make a grind sound , do a few lurch , and stop cold . . cuT to Music begin and we be into a short : montage secuence detail the arrival of the other three member of gondorff 's '' mob , " throughout , gonderff wear the fedora hat which be he trademark . we begin with --- a tall , good-look man , kid twist , make he way through the railway station . impeccably dress and carry a small suitcase , he comb the terrain carefully with he eye . finally he catch a glimpse of the thing he 's be look for . it 's gondorff , stand by a newsstand . gondorff make a quick snubbing motion on he nose as if flick off a gnat . this be know among con man as the '' office . '' twist return the sign with a barely discernible smile as he walk on by . con man rarely acknowledge each other openly in public , but it 's obvious that this two be glad to see each other . cur to int . barber shop - day hooker in , have he hair cut and he nail manicure . gondorff give instruction to the barber . cur Te 40 41 42 43 44 45 | # 02062 - Rev. 1/9/73 — int , haberdashery - day hooker be modeling a new suit in front of a mirror . he dee not look too pleased , but gonderff peel out a bankroll anyway . cur to ext . HOTEL - Day a pair of white spat step off a bus . we follow they into a : int . HOTEL lobby where we tilt up to reveal J. J. singleten , the most flamboy - ant of the bunch . on he way to - the check - in - desk , he . silently exchange the " office " with gondorff , who be sit om a lounge read the paper . cur to int . apartment - day hocker be show ’into a small apartment room by a old woman . it consist of a bed , a table and a sink . hooker nod he acceptance to the woman and give she a bill . he take another look around the room and decide to go out somewhere , but first he wedge a small piece of paper between the door and the jamb , about a inch off the floor . cur to int . a big metropolitan bank - day we hoid on a slight , bespectacle teller , Eddie nile , in the process of count a large deposit . nile be all business ; if he 's ever smile , no one know about it . he glance up for a second and see gondorff '' office " he from across the bank . without a word he shove the money he 's be count back into the hand of a startle customer , abruptly close up he window , flip he identification tag on the manager 's desk and walk out of the bank . : - cuT to int . a upstair room of the carousel build - night this room have obviously be felegated to the status of the storage room . it contain the water heater , mop and broom , old bed spring , etc . in the middle of the room a space have be clear for a table , around which be seat hooker , gondorff , nile , singleton and twist . gondorff be in he teshirt , but still wear he hat . kid twist be in a suit as usual . the room be illuminate by a single bare bulb hang from the ceiling . . ameen o~ no 45 " 402062 - continued ' Rev. 1/9/73. nile ( refer to note as he report ) lonnegan get most of he income from the number , even though he 's be puttin ' more and more money ' into he saving & loan business . gondorff you think he 's movin ' outa the racket ? nile no . he own most of the stock , and it 's trade on the board , but my guess be he 's just try to build himself a resrectable image ... he come out of the five point district , but he 's be tell everybody he be bear in Forest Hills . he know the market though . - I do not think we can take he on a stock deal . gondorff all right , twist , what do ya get on the number ? twist the tipster say it 's run out of a pack house on l4th by a guy name comb . lonnegan ccme out every three week or so to check . on it , but stay away from the day - to - day stuff , in case it 's raid . ( turn to hooker and produce two photograph ) this be two of comb 's favorite torpedoe , riley and cola . you ever see ‘em ? - we recognize riley and Cole as the two guy '' whe get into mottola 's car . hooker ( study the photograph ) no . twist they be the guy whe hit luther . they also get the number runner you ' con . he be find in a quarry with a knife in he eye . continued 46 * poadéd sher. iysypa ce se a continued - + 2 hooker 's head come up from the photocraph . ( 3 twist q ( collect he papers ) -. + + , donnegan 's have seven or eight people rubbed on he way up . his pattern 's be to get close to a racket boss , learn he operation and then move in on it . he 's dene it to Gorman , o'donnell , buchalman , and he take the number for sharkey . all four a this guy be dead . '' he 's vindictive as hell , Henry , and he kill for pride . it do not add up that he would let hooker get away from he . : . gondorff ( x ( to hooker ) you see anything , you let we know , . huh ? if they get you on the spot , we will fold up the con . you would be too easy to find . you get that ? hooker nod , but we know he have not really get that . hooker you sure it will be one of this two ? twist no . they be just the only one we know of . : billie have finish gather the mug , and leave the room with they . we follow she down the hall and into the : ° receiving room of her brothel carousel music filter up from thé arcade below . the room have a bar along one wall and the rest of the space be take up by table and couch . it 's a comfortable place , but not opulent . some ef the girl sit patiently on the couch , other play canasta at the table . most of the man be at the bar , fortifying themselves for the task at hand . billie come over to the bar . continued '' no '' # 02062 46 continued . billie ( to the bartender ) set I up five more beer , will ya Danny . as Danny go to fill the mug , billie 's eye fix on aman at the end of the bar . we move to reveal Snyder , intently scan - ning the room , as if he would lose a dance partner in the crush . not find what he want , he come down the bar to billie . - : snyder you the owner here ? billie - that 's right . snyder ( flipping out he badge ) Lieutenant Snyder . bunco . billie joliet badge , Snyder . do not cut much up here . . snyder ( try to ignore she remark ) I be lookin ' for a guy on the lam from a counterfeit fap . think he mighta come in here . billie do not think so . I know everybody in the place and I always bounce the llamster . . snyder all right if I look around you lobby ? billie no , but you be welcome to a free beer before you go . billie grab a bottle of beer , pour some in a shot glass and push it over to Snyder . he ignore the gesture . : snyder ( with control force ) . I do not really need you permission . we go to billie . she know that when he cane in . cut to '' da g02062 '' = rev , 1/9/73 ee 4 4 ? the storage room again the discussion continue . hooker , a bit out of he depth here , listen and stay silent . singleton . I do not know what to do with this guy , Henry . he do not drink , he do not smoke , he do not chase dame , he 's a Commander in the Knights of Columbus , and he only go out to play faro . sometimes Plays fifteen or twenty hour at a time . just he against the house , soc tp ewe ae . gondorff , : any roulette or crap ? : singleton : . wo not touch them . the croupier at Gilman 's say he never play any - ' thing he can not win , gondorff what about sport ? singleton he like to be see with fighter sometimes , but he do not go to the fight or bet on ‘em , gondorff Jesus . do he do anything where he 's not alone ? singleton . just poker , and he cheat at that pretty good at it , too . a little spark of electricity go around the table . here 's something they can work with . gondorff where do he play ? -- singleton the porter say he run a brace game on the century Limited when he come out here from New York . one hundred dollar minimum , straight poker , lotta high roller ride that train just to play he , gondorff sound good , j.j . he 's slow down already . : : cur to - 48 the receiving room again Snyder have complete he inspection of the " lobby " and find nothing . Danny , meanwhile , have set up the five beer on a tray . flb 48 a be , , ' it , ' 1 , | I 1 _ 49 . rno #02062 continued snyder - which way be the room ? billie who tell ya this guy be in here ? snyder nobody . I just know what kinda woman he like . I be gonna check all the joyhouse till I find he . ' billie maybe I could help ya if ya tell I he name . snyder I think I will keep that to myself , which way be the room ? .. ss . billie ' right through there , but I would not go in there if I be you . Snyder be ( pick up the tray ) snyder ( snidely ) what be ya gonna do , call the cop ? billie T do not have to . you will be bustin’ in on the Chief of Police just up the hall . - ( she exit with the drink ) stop cold . he call after she . snyder keep you nose clean , lady . he can not spend all he time here . cur to the storage room again billie come over to gondorff and whisper in he @ar , while the other talk . his eye flick momentarily to hooker . singleton I think we ought to play he on the rag . it 's the tightest game we get , and it 's not all over . the papers yet . continued ' pmt " # 02062 - Rev. 1/8/73 49 continued twist lonnegan 's a fast egg , j.j . he 's not gonna sit still for a standard play . nile ~ ' so what do that leave we ? we can not con the rag to a banker , . ~ gondorff have nodd to billie and rejoin the conversation . she serve the other beer . for 4 gondorff we will use the Wire . never know a - poker player who . would not like to beat the pony , — _ nile : - . : the Wire be ten year outa date . gondorff that 's why he will not know it , singleton I be not sure I know it . . gondorff : well , it 's gonna take two of we workin ' the inside . any objection to hooker as second man ? we go around the table . there be none . gondorff all right , we will give lonnegan the hook on the train and play he here . you think I can get in that pokex game , Eddie ? nile all you gotta do be show up with some money and look like a fool . gondorff I also gotta win . he look at hooker . there be a challenge in they look . gondorff smile broadly , then casually , to they all . gondorff by the way , any of you guy be pass off green goods lately ? we go around the table . no reply . continued . £lb 49 a , be I , , | 0 50 1 ~ 51 '' ao #02062 continued - 2 gondoref | billie , if that Dick come in again , stall he till I can get a look at he . and let I pay ya for this beer . billie : what be you talk about ? it 's on the house . gondorfp ( pull out , a $ $ bill ) naw , I want ya to have this . he nhitch up billie 's skirt , and put the bill in she garter . gondorff ; do not look at it till ya goto bed ~ though or it will turn to paper , billie amile and leave the reom , int , hallway she walk halfway down the hall and stop . she can not wait , lift up she skirt , she find that the five have indeed turn to paper . as she break into laughter and continue on dowd the hall , we : fade out omitted * las # 02062 '' ~~ fade in the hoor fade out ‘dy # 62062 fade in $ 2 . ext , a sunken alley ~ day actually little more than a service area between two apartment building . nile , kid twist , and a middle - age black man , name benny garfield , enter the alley with a old man and follow he down a stairwell to a subterranean basement , a fade sign above the door say stenner 's billiard .. we follow they inside to a : 52-a int , a large barren room - day a office come off it at one end . judge from the fluorescen : light overhead and the scattered cue rack which still hang tenuously on the wall , the place , indeed , use to be a pool hall , nile and garfield go all the way to the back , while . twist stay near the front with the old man , nile : look all right . it 's big enough and off the street , garfield I do not know . this be kinda short notice . I be not sure we can get it all do by Saturday , nile . get to. gondorff 's ridin ' the mark in from New York on the century . have garfield think it over a little , he 's take another look at the place , we go to twist and the old man by the door . twist we will take it , ( point through the door ) you manage the building at the end of the alley ? : old man ( with pride ) for fifteen year . . twist I will need a room over there that face this way . how much &@ week ? old man . only rent by the month , two hundred and fifty for the two of then . continued jy 52- a #02062 4s continued twist ( pull out he wallet ) this be the last time I expect to see you down here , old man ( watch the bilis be count into he hand ) never hear of the place . we go back to nile and garfield . 7 's garfield beén a while since I stock a wire store . not many mob play -. ing that anymore , nile all we need be the bookie setup for now . we will worry about the telegraph office later , garfield all right , I will rent ya everything I get in the warehouse for two grand . that will give ya phone , cage , black - board and ticker gear . you supply the guy to move ‘em . if you want @ counter and bar , that 's another grand . I do not know where the hell I be gonna get ‘em though , nile c'mon , you can do better than that . we be not no heel grifter . garfield you want the stuff tomorrow or go not ya ? it 's gonna take hour just to clean it up , ( pause ) besides , gondorff 's still a hot item . where be I gonna be if he get hit ? . nile just give we what ya can , benny , we will send a truck down , twist have rejoin they by now . continued ay 52- a 53 84 #02062 50 continued - 2 ~ twist ( to garfield ) you wanna work flat rate or percentage ? . . garfield who 's the mark ? twist doyle lonnegan . garfield flat rate . cut to int , a new york train station = day we pick up doyle lonnegan , accompany by two bodyguard and floyd , make he way through the station . he stop at a cigar counter to buy some cigarettes , and we reveal gondorff and hooker sit on they suitcase on the other side of the room . gondorff ( eye fix on lonnegan ) . guy in the blue pinstripe and grey fedora . hooker look and finally spot he in the crowd . we go back to lonnegan , as he move off from the cigar counter , toward he train . hooker watch he with the intensity of one gaz - ing on a religious object . hooker : he 's not as tough as he would like to think , : gondorff opick up he suitcase ) neither be we . ext , train -- lonnegan and he retainer get on the train . two car down the line , we see hooker and gondorff board also . on he way in , gondorf£ take the conductor aside . continued jy 54 56 #02062 ; . " 52 continued gondorff I hear there 's a friendly poker game on this train tonight . you know anything about that ? conductor a little . gondorff you think you could get I in that game ? conductor I do not know . there 's usually a wait list , gondorff flash a $ 50 bill . conductor nloosen up a bit ) that will - get you first alternate , sir . gondorff pull out another fifty . conductor ( take the money ) I will see what I can do . cuT to int , a basement bar - early evening kid twist enter and thread he way through the maze of table to a door at the back of the building . a large bull of a man be station there , obviously to giscourage that who do not have credential to enter . twist be not such a man . twist ( go right on through ) how ya doin 's , lacey , lacey {innocently pleased for one so menace ) good to see ya again , twist . int . another room - early evening Inside be another room , this one much better light than the outer one . there be only three table in here , around which be seat the elite of the con World . twist be enthusiastically . . continued pnt 56 $ 7 '' 902062 < Rev. 1/9/73 continued greet by Duke boudreau , a large , rotund man whose stylish dress and authoritative manner mark he as a powerful figure in this group . boudreau twist ! . when do you get back in town ? twist coupla day ago . you hear about coleman , do not ya , oe . boudreau yeh , some of the boy pass the hat for alva and the kid . I have never see ‘em so work up , they do not like bein ' gun . twist do not worry , we be gonna send a little callin ' card of we own . gondorff 's settin ' up a Wire store on the north side . I need a twenty man boost right away . . boudreau I get plenty a talent in here to - night . take you pick , twist this be a tough one , dukey . ' this guy have gotta be the quill , boudreau {to one of he assistant ) get I the sheet , Jake . let 's see who 's in town . cuT to the outer part of the bar again a silhouett figure appear in the entrance doorway . the word " chill " race from table to table and the place fall still , the bartender push a button behind the bar and a buzzer go off in the back room . boudreau get up from he table and open a small view port in the door . . the silhouett figure be now walk slowly past the silent table . it 's Snyder and he 's check out every face in the piace . boudreau twist , you know this guy ? continued '' sn 87 58 #02062 continued twist ( take a look through the view port ) no. never see he before . he 's a dick , though . Snyder walk all the way to the back , and then retrace he route . about halfway back , he stop at one of the table , recognize a grifter he know . it 's the eirie kid . 7 eirie hello , Snyder . what be you doin ' up here ? snyder - I be on vacation . you see you friend lately ? eirie '' yeh , he pack it in and enrol in detective school . Snyder , in no mood for joke , grab eirie by the hair and slam he face into the table . eirie just stay there ; he . know it do not pay to assault a getective . twist be watch - ing all this intently from the view port . , snyder you see he , vou tell he he better G pay up before I get he . eirie raise he head slowly , but say nothing . there be a slight trickle of blood from he nose . Snyder turn and walk slowly out of the bar . when he be a safe distance down the street , the chatter and drink resume . cur to the inside room again twist give a all clear signal and return to the table where he and boudreau be talk . boudreau read from a list of name . twist listen with a certain prececupation . he 's still think about the little confrontation he just witnesse : boudreau horse face Lee , slim iiller , G suitcase Murphy , and the Big Alabama be in from New Orleans . crying jonesy and the boone kid from Denver , and gloomy Gus and limehouse continued '' jm 58 59 s9 - a 60 # 02062 " continued boudreau ( cont would ) chappie from New York . ' that and the guy outside should give ya 30 or so to choose from . twist good , have ‘em down at stenner 's Old Pool Hall before 3:00 . we be gonna run through the route tonight . - boudreau okay , twist , but you know if this blow up , I can not do ya no good downtown . gondorff be Federal . a twist | do not worry about it , pal . cuut to ext , speed passenger train - niget rip through a open stretch between New York and Chicago . cuT to int . train - night <* singleton be walk down a passageway and stop at a door and go in . int . gondorff' compartment - night gondorff be rapidly shuffle card to four empty place . he be alone . he look up as singleton enter . singleton you in ? . gondorff yeh , I think so . I give the kay - ducer a cenote . you find out the deck ? ' singleton - he usually play with a Royal or a cadenza . ( hand he two : . seal deck ) T get you one of each . he like to cold deck low , 8 's or 9' , continued fa 60 61 62 '' gozee2 so 5 continued gondorff Nice work , j.j. singleton slip out as gondorff unpeel the pack . int . the train - night ' we pick up lonnegan come out of he compartment , flanke by only one bodyguard and floyd . they start walk single file ( > through the passenger section toward the compartment where _ the poker game will be hold . suddenly a drunken woman come staggering around the corner and bump into he . they . grapple a moment and lonnegan push she away in disgust . woman ( sloppy drunk ) : : : keep you mitt off I , ya big lug , if I 'da want you handlin ' I I woulda ask ya . lonnegan ignore her. and proceed down the passageway . as the woman proceed in the other direction between passenger , we see it be billie . she drop something on a seat beside a passenger . a hand reach to pick it up . it be lonnegan 's wallet and it be hooker who pick it up . — hooker wait a moment , then stand and go in the direction lonnegan have take . he pass by the open door to the card room , hesitate only slightly to hear the greeting exchange inside before the door be shut . then he continue on into the next car , he turn into gondorff 's compartment . cur to int . gondorff' compartment - night gondorff be still practice . he look up as hooker enter and toss he the wallet . hooker she get he clean . he have not miss it . gendorff nod , take the money out , - count it . gondorff want cy five zo : look lixe he 's ( x exp : éting a big night . continued 62 63 64 -- # 02062 = Rev. 1/9/73 continued he take out he own wallet and put the money in it , and toss the empty wallet back to hooker , and resume he shuf - fling and deal . hocker sit back silently and watch he hooker he 's waitin ' for you in the card room . . gondorff let he wait . as he deal , on the second pass he attempt to cut from the bottom , muff it completely and spray half the deck on the table . hooker regards he steadily as he gather they back up . gondorff finally meet he gaze . oo gondorff you just worry about you end , kid . hooker if we ever get to it . cuT to int . the poker room - night a specially outfit compartment with a table and chair in the middle and leather cushion around the outside for kibit - zer . lonnegan and 3 other player be already there and seat . they be get slightly impatient . . lonnegan ( to the conductor ) you sure you check this guy out ? conductor ( neds ) he seem pleasant enough and have a lotta money on he . and quite free with it , I might add . two hundred dollar suit , expensive baggage . I will vouch for he . cuT to gondorffn cabin again gondorff be stand in front of the mirror @ress . he grat up a clean white shirt and rumple it up in he hand . he the pick up a half - full bottle of gin . hooker give he a dis - approve look . gondorff smile and pat some on he face . gondorff always drink gin with a mark , kid . they can not tell when you cut it . he pour part of the bottle down the sink and start fill it with water . cuT to dee . 65 '' 902062 ~ wo the poker room again ; '' everybody 's itchy now . lonnegan all right , let 's start without he . Mr. clemen , give I the card . the conductor hand he a seal deck . as he begin to open it , gondorf£ come into the room , coatless , rumple , unshaven and look slightly tipsy . the other at the table , all man of high social or financial stand , be somewhat put off . * gondorff sorry I be late boy . I be takin ' - a@ crap . soo : this bit of grossness do little to improve he image . gondorff ( ( stick out he . hand to no one in particular ) Shaw 's the name . any 'a you boy wanna make a little book in Chicago , I be the guy to see . there be no taker for either the handshake or the book - '' make offer . conductor { ( step in to save the situation ) Mr. Shaw be a bookmaker from Chicago . Mr. Shaw , meét Mr. Clayton from Pittsburgh , Mr. jameson , Chicago , Mr. lonnegan , New York , and Mr. lombard , Philadelphia . gondorff { glad to meecha . ntake a empty chair ) guess this be my seat , huh ? conductor ( straight poker . 100 dollar mini - mum , table stake . since this be a gentleman 's game , we assume you be all good for you debt . how much would you like , Mr. Shaw ? continued ' dee , of ~ 65 66 o~ 67 a * '' xn yo2062 ) continued gondorff i five thousand to start with . the conductor make a note of the figure on a pad , and begin ( to assemble the proper number of chip . lonnegan ( shuffle the card ) Mr. Shaw , we usually require a tie at this table . if you do not have one , we can get ya one . gondorff yeh , that would be real nice of ya , Mr. - lonneman =~ : to lonnegan ( coldly ) - : a en lonnegan . . : he begin to deal . ( cur to ext . the sunken alley - night a truck be now park at the end of the alley , and several workmen be busy unload it . one group carry a large blackboard ; other have box 's of glass , ash tray stand , furniture , etc . take several cut . cuT to inside the once - vacant pool hall now a blaze of activity . we take several cut of workmen papéring the wall , tack down carpet , put in new light fixture , painting sign , all under the supervision of nile . from now on , we will refer to the pool hall as the store . back in the office , kid twist be " interview " one by one , a group of con man line up outside the office door . a gray - haire old buzzard , curly Jackson , approach the table which be serve twist as a desk , curly be practically in rag and have several day growth on he face . he wear a little beret which he take off to address twist . curly name 's curly Jackson . I work for gad bryan outa Baltimore . twist you ever play the Wire , curly ? continued dee 67 68 #02062 continued curly * use to rope for it long ago . I ean shill , mark board , anything you want . I do not run with riffraff and I only drink on weekend . ' ( affect a . English accent ) I specialty be a englishman . twist be take with the man , despite he appearance . twist all right , curly , you be in . we get a rack of suit over there . ' get yourself a nice tweed one . curly ( exite ) ms that 's all right . I get all my own stuff . cur to the card game again gondorff and lonnegan have most of the chip . lonnegan be slightly ahead . gondorff have make a token attempt to wear the provide tie , have tie it in a knot around he neck , but — not have bother to put it under he collar . he have a shot glass and the bottle next to he , from which he have be drink heavily . he and lonnegan be the only one leave in 's hand . lonnegan ( throw chip in ) raise 500 . gondorfp ( likewise ) see ya and raise three , lonnegan ( more chip ) see and raise five . gondorff -- five and call . lonnegan lay down he hand , a solid two pair . gondorff turn out three ten . lonnegan be beat . , continued dee #02062 continued gondorff tough luck , lonnihan , but that 's what you get for playin ' with you head up you ass . couple more like . that and we can all go to bed early , huh boy . gondorff reach for he gin bottle , but lonnegan 's hand be already there , on it . lonnegan {like ice } the name be lonnegen . doyle lonnegan . be you be gonna remember that , or you gonna find yourself another game . gondorff hesitates , then withdraw he hand from the bottle . he know he 's push it . lonnegan take the bottle from he and hand it to floyd , who drop it in a wastecan . - int . the store ~ niget the work be still progress , we see cut to two workmen install a ticker tape machine in a secluded area of the store . garfield we buy ya a tap into moe anenberg 's wire . he 's get eye at every track in the country . you will get race result , odd , scratch , pole posi - tion , everything ; and just as fast as western Union get ‘em . nile do j.j. know how to use this thing ? garfield all he 's gotta do be read . we go to kid twist , still conduct interview in the office . a young , rather sullen man , Buck duff , duff step to the table . Buck duff . I be in maxwell 's boost in Troy . twist you the duff that do not come up with he end when Little Jeff be send up ? continued 4 dee 63 #02062 continued duff be not no problem a mine . twist he be a con man , be not he ? duff he be a tear - off rat . '' he deserve . bill . he get what no sense helpin ' pay he twist ( like ice ) shove off , duff . duff stand there a second and then slouches away from the table . he stop however , by the door . the next man up be the eirie kid . twist know he 's see he somewhere before . eirie ( nervous as hell ) name 's Joe eirie . twist wait for more , but it 's not come . twist you play for any particular mob ? eirie : no. twist you know the Wire at all ? eirie no ... I never play no Big con before . but luther coleman be a friend a : mine . I think maybe there be something I could do . twist ( point to eirie 's slightly swollen nose ) you get that nose in Duke boudreau 's tonight ? : eirie nod a reluctant '' yes . " twist : you get moxie , eirae . get yourself a suit . eirie be so happy , he can barely blurt out a thank you . Buck duff , enraged that twist would hire a total amateur , turn in disgust and stride vengefully out of the store . cut to dee _ | 70 #02062. the card game again the room be dense with smoke now , and the player be feel the heat . gondorff have he white shirt open , revealing a stain T-shirt underneath , the bottle next to he be almost empty . he sneeze and wipe he nose with the tie lonnegan give he . the chip be now about equally divide between gondorff and lonnegan . the other be lose badly . . gondorff raise 300 . lonnegan pass . jameson othrow in he last few chip ) raise 200 . . : gondorff two and call . jameson lay down two pair . gondorff have a flush . gondorff rake in the chip , which now put he ahead of lonnegan . jameson well I be out . gondorff do not worry about it pal . they would not a let you in here if you be not a chump . lombard over there will join ya in a couple minute . jameson now see here .... lombard I have have enough of this game , and more than enough of the company . ( get up to leave ) Cash I in , Mr. clemen , gondorff . nindicate lennegan and Clayton ) look like it 's just we three , huh ? lonnegan ( eye drill into gondorff£ ) yeh , just we three . continued . , , ae - 70 t0 " a . # 02062 - continued lonnegan ( cont would ) ( calmly get to he foot ) why do not we take . a five minute break , Mr. Clayton . temper be run a little high . : gondorff aw c'mon , lonnegan . I be just startin ' to do good . lonnegan , who be already halfway out the goor , ignore it , floyd follow he out . cot to int . smoking room ° we pick up lonnegan come down the passageway to enter the smoking room . the smile have vanish . : .. lonnegan stack I a cooler , floyd . floyd ntry to settle he down ) c'mon , doyle , we will be in the station in a half hour . so you split with he , you still make a nice hunk on the other guy . lonnegan {an order} load I a deck . set it up for three and nine . I will cut it in on he deal , floyd ( take a deck and beginning to sort it ) what do ya want Clayton to get ? lonnegan nothin ' . he 's gotta be outa there . @arly . I be gonna bust that bookie bastard in one play , cur to 71 ~ # 02062 * for es int . the poker room again - niget a pair of hand shuffle . we pull back to reveal thac they be gondorfz 's , he pass the deck to lonnegan to cut , lonnegan take the deck and in one lightning motion substitute anew deck , while make it look like he 's cut the old one , the conductor have finish collect from jameson and lombard , who remain . gondorff pick up the deck and begin to deal , as the hand be pick up , we see that gondorff have four three , lonnegan four nine , and everybody else have 's nothing . , . clayton ( open the bid ) fold , . lonnegan 250 . . gondorff raise 1,000 . lonnegan raise 500 . gondorff look at lonnegan very carefully for a second . lonnegan meet he stare . gondorff ( slowly ) raise 2,000 . the spectator shift a little . it 's the biggest bet of the night . lonnegan see and raise 1,000 , gondoref ( take it to he ) raise 5,000 , lonnegan finger he remain chip . he know he 's win , but he want to bleed it for every bit of suspense . lonnegan ( go for break ) see , and raise the rest . lonnegan push in the rest of he chip . gondorff , who be only require to match lonnegan 's total , throw in all he too , it 's a showdown . continued ' tr.. 71 #02062 ... | pote ph - continued gondorff call . lonnegan put down he four nine . gondorff just stare at they a second , let out a deep sigh and lay down four jack , lonnegan be aghast , this just can not be , he glance ac floyd , who can do nothing but sit there with he mouth open , gondorff nrake in the chip ) well that 's all for I tonight , boy , I be gonna leave ya some cab fare . the other player leok at each other in aisgust . gondorfz og start collect from the bank . lonnegan sit in a state of lethal 's indécision , . : gondorff {to lonnegan ) you owe I 15 grand , pal . lonnegan , with a stare that could kill , finally xeaches for ax he wallet . suddenly the stare go soft . he try a few more pocket . no soap , gondorff finish collect from the other . lonnegan ( get up to get it ) I guess I leave it in my room , gondorff ( blow up ) whati do not give I that crap you little weenie . how do I know you ain*t gonna take a powder . ( wave he wallet , which be full of lennegan 's money } you come to a game like this , you bring you money . lonnegan , have have all he can take , go for gondorff , but be restrain by the conducter , - gondorff . all right . buddy , I be gonna.send a ( x boy by you room in five minute , and you better have that money or it *s gonna be all over Chicago thac you name be not worth a dime . and you will not be able to get in a game of jack in this town . gondorff stalk out of the room . we pick ham up come down the passageway to he compartment . t1l - a 72 . #02062 - Rev. 1/10/73 int . gondorff' compartment the drunkenness have vanish . we follow he into he cabin , where hooker be wait anxiously . hooker how would ya do ? gondorff ( modestly ) well we get some workin ' money anyway . gondorff toss he winning on the table . he smile , but for the first time he hand be shaking . gondorff okay , kid , you be on , but I gotta tell ya , it 's a hard act to follow . cut to int . lonnegan' cabin - night lonnegan sit in a chair smoking , eyeing floyd coldly . floyd pace in front of he . floyd doyle , I know I give he four three ! he have to switch deck . we can not let he get away with that . lonnegan what be I suppose to do ? call he for cheating better than I in front of the other ? there 's a knock at the door . floyd go and open it . it 's hooker . hooker my name 's foley . Mr. Shaw send I . floyd motion he in without a word . ' lonnegan a you boss be quite a card player , foley . how dee he do it ? : / hooker ( matter-of -factly ) he cheat . continued gk 72 " 402062 = Rev. 1/9/73 continued lonnegan look hooker over a second . he do not like smart ass . lonnegan then I will just keep my money and we will have another game . hooker you do not have any to keep . opull out lonnegan 's wallet and toss it on the table ) he hire a dame to take it from ya . lonnegan just stare at the wallet . then he look up at 's hooker . hooker - Shaw 's be plan to beat you . game for month . he be just wait for you to cheat he so he could clip ya . lonnegan leap at hooker in a blind rage , drive a sledge hammer blow into he stomach . then grab he by the throat . lonnegan who do you think you be talkin ' to , errand boy . nobody set I up . ( let go of eooker who slip to the floor , turn to floyd ) take he back the the baggage room and put one in he ear . we will get he friend later and dump ‘em both , the first tunnel we hit . floyd aw , for Christ sake , there be four witness at that table .... lonnegan ( viciously ) you wanna get dumped too ? floyd doyle , we be gonna be in the station in a minute ! continued '' ak 72 902062 - Rev. 1/9/73 continued - 2 hooker ( on the floor , barely able to speak ) it 's not gonna look too good , killin ' a guy you owe money to . there 's better way to take he down . : lonnegan shut up . nothin 's gonna save you ass . : hooker Shaw would kill I too , if he know I be tellin’ ya this . _ lonnegan . ( a long pause ) . okay , why the rat ? hooker I be gonna take over he operation , lonnegan . ( p ause ) I need you to help I break hin . lonnegan be stop for a second . he look at hooker long and hard , as if the intensity of he gaze could separate truth from fiction . finally he reach for the wallet and open it . it 's empty . lonnegan where 's the money ? hooker Shaw have it . I could not very well take it back from hin . there be a silence -- break suddenly by the noise of the train brake into the station . lonnegan c'mon , I be give you a lift home . hooker hesitates . hooker I gotta go with Shaw , lonnegan you will explain it somehow . hooker but he 's expect .... continued . sk # 02062 - Rev. 1/9/73 72 continued - 3 . - : lonnegan I be give you a lift . hooker sure thing . lonnegan let 's go then . 's cur to 73 int . lonnegan be car - night driving through the city , the driver and floyd in front , hooker and lonnegan in back . we begin with a twelve block silence , while lonnegan think . hooker glance out the window from time to time , just .to make sure they be really go to he place . lonnegan what make you think you can beat he ? hooker I be plannin ' this for two year . I know he organization backwards and forward . but I need somebody respectable ... and not completely legit . what I be gonna do be not very legal . lonnegan ( insulted : I be a banker , friend . that 's legit — in this state . . hooker all you gotta do be put down a bet for I at Shaw 's place . i'11 supply all the money and the information . lonnegan what about the money you come to collect . be not he gonna miss it ? hooker . t'1l tell he you pay it . I keep all he book . he trust I . ( pause ) if ya help I out , I will pay ya back the twenty - five grand he steal outa my own pocket . continued 74 75 #02062 - Rev. 1/9/73 continued : lonnegan it 's worth that much to ya ? hooker maybe a couple million . we go to lonnegan . that last phrase have register . he look at hooker with a glint of amused recognition in he eye . lonnegan where you from , foley ? hooker I be bear in five point on the east side , but I move out fast . _. lonnegan ( chuckle } out and up , eh ? hey , floyd , I be gonna have to keep this guy away from you . you be liable to get idea and throw I out on my can . lonnegan break into deep bellow of laughter . floyd be totally humiliate . he glare at hooker with contempt . hooker flash he a little smile . : ext . hooker' place the car pull up in front of hooker 's place . lonnegan be still laugh . hooker ( get out ) klein 's drug store , 660 Marshall at 12:30 , if you be interested . lonnegan if I be not there by quarter of , I be not come . hooker nod and walk up the streer to he apartment building . '' lonnegan 's car speed away from the curb and he renew laughter die in the distance . hocker breathes a sigh of relief . he 's pass he first test -- or have he ? we follow he up the stair to he room . int . hooker' apartment he 's just about to unlock the door , when he notice the little piece of paper he leave in the door 1s on the floor . continued XV 75 76 77 02062 < revs 179/739 ag continued without the slight hesitation , hooker leap over the ban - nister and race back down the stair . two gunman , riley and Cole , burst out of he room and fire at he over the railing , but he 's already too far down . riley and Cole give chase . cuT to the front of the build riley and Cole barrel out of the building and onto the side - walk . there be a empty bus stop at a light , but they find no sign of hooker . as the light change , we cut to the other side of the bus , where we see hooker crouch on the rear wheel housing , hang on to a vent . he 's a little shake , but most of all , he 's still alive . we hold on he , as the bus move off . gondorff ( v.0 . ) everything go all right ? hooker {v.0 . ) ( lie ) yeh , it be easy . int . the store - night hooker and gondorff be sit alone in the back office while the work go on outside . they conversation continue . continued 17 78 79 ak # 020620 '' 4 continued gondorff no sign of trouble ? hooker what doya mean ? : : gondorff you know , somebody tailin ' ya . a torpedo or somethin’ . hooker ( want to get off the subject ) no , not a thing . gondorff have he doubt , but let they ride . . : oe cur to other part of the store we concentrate on some of the fine detail , i.e. garfield explain how the ticker will read out to singleton and billie ; curly Jackson show a young con man how to mark the odd board properly . gondorff ( v.0 . ) bow ' bout lonnegan ? hooker ( v.0 . ) I give he the breakdown just like ya tell I to . gondorff ( v.0 . ) and ? hooker ( v.0 . ) he threaten to kill mar . gondorff ( v.0 . ) Hell , they do not do that and you know you be net gettin' through to an . continuing : but with camera change we concentrate on nile , hooker ( v.o0 . ) who 's make up the " boodle * then he drive I home . he or fake bankrolls . he put try to put himself away a real $ 100 bill on the as legit , so I go right bottom , then two inch of into the pitch . continued 79 81 #02062 continued cut green paper on top , ané then another $ 100 bill on top of that , so that it lock like he have a whole stack of $ 100 bill . the bundle be then bound with a seal label , like that use in bank , that say $ 10,000 . we see that he have already make several of this bundle . int . store twist in the middle of the room give a route to the eirle kid . he show he where to get he drink at the bar , where to sit and finally how to leap up and throw he racing form down in disgust . gondorff ( v.0 . ) do he hold you up on any - thing ? hooker ( v.0 . ) naw , he just sit there and listen . I do not know if he buy it or net . y cur to gondorff ( v.0 . ) that 's all right . once they start listen , they be in trouble . just do not give hi more than he ask for . if you rattle he imagination a little , he will come up with all the right answer himsel but all he 's gotta do be catch you in one lie and you be dead . cuT to hooker and gondorff in the store office again they both look tired . hooker you think he will show ? ' gondorff do he say he would not ? hooker no . gondorff ( softly ) he will show . fade out '' sn #02062 fade in the tale fade out rk 82 83 84 #02062 fade in we OPEN on a wide shot of the alley outside the store at first it appear to be desert , but we move to reveal a figure in a upper window of the apartment building which form one side of the alley . it 's kid twist . his eye roam the street , for what , we do not yet know . curt to int . a old drugstore across from the alley = day probably prosperous at one time , it have since decline , its large fountain and eat area now host to two bum and hooker , who sit alone in a rear booth near the telephone . dress in a tuxedo , he nurse a cup of coffee , and anxiously alter - nate he glance between the clock and the empty . street out - side , it 's 12:52 . cur to int . the store - day the place be full cf people , although we avoid long shot so as not to give away the room as a whole yet . instead , we concentrate on the tense , wait face of some of the more familiar people : gondorff and nile in tuxedo behind a bar cashier 's area . gondorff mutilate a piece of gum in he mouth . nile just stare out into space crack he knuckle . gondorff Eddie , cut that out , will ya . the boardmarker walk nervously back and forth in front of he odd board , check every letter and number . he stop to cross a T on one of the horse ' name . it be already cross , but he do it again anyway . billie and singleton , in a area hide from the rest of the room , watch the print - out on the ticker machine . the click of the ticker be the only sound we hear in the store . curly Jackson in front of a mirror , pasting a fake Van dyke on he chin to go with he tweed suit and monocle . a couple of billie 's girl adjust they waitress outfit and primp they hair . each have a tray full of drink be - 8 er . the eirie kid silently retrace he " route " to make sure he have it down . continued rk 84 #02062 . ot continued despite the crowd , there be no talk and little movement , save for the constant swirl of smoke from several cigar and cigarettes . the group be like a theatre company wait to go on open night . curt 70 the drugstore again it 's 12:56 and hooker be worried . he look up to see two large man , obviously racket goons , come in the front door , and take a seat face he in the next booth . they stare at he im - passively , wave the waitress away when she come to take they order . hooker know they be lonnegan 's man , but be somewhat unsettle by the fact that tonnegan be not with they . suddenly , a voice . se voice carver ? hooker turn around to find that lonnegan be seat in the booth directly behind he . his bodyguard be in the one behind at . lonnegan ° you should always look to the back too , kid . hooker ( slide out of he booth and into lonnegan 's ) I be afraid you be not gonna come . we have not get much time , lonnegan {eurtly ) get on with it then . hooker opoint to telephone ) sometime after 1:00 a guy 's gonna call here and give you the name of a horse . '' ( pull out a ~- -- wad of bill ) all you do be take this two grand across the street to Shaw 's place and bet it on that pony . ' there 's nothin’ to it , but do not take too much time , we only have 3 or 4 minute after you get the call . continued . rk 8s 86 87 87 " a 87 - B #02062 so 7 continued lonnegan you be not gonna break he with a $ 2,000 bet . hooker this be just a test . the big one come later . be careful with that though , it 's all I get . lonnegan and you be gonna pay I back ? hooker I a after this race . lonnegan say nothing , he 's not sure he like a man who 's stupid enough to bet he last dollar on a horse race . hooker I gotta get back before Shaw miss I . good luck . ext . STREET hooker hustle out across the street and into the alley . int . drugstore lonnegan watch he through the window and then settles back in he seat to wait for the phone . outside store as hooker descend the stairwell into the store , he give kid twist the office . twist turn away from the window and look at he watch . 12:58 . - CUT to drugstore lonnegan wait by the phone , idly pinging a knife on the salt shaker . it 's 1:40 . a man enter the store and walk over to use the phone . lonnegan we be waitin’ for a call . the man look at lonnegan a second , and then at he four goons . he decide maybe he will make the call later . : cut to rk 89 90 91 #02062 7 int , store kid twist again . billie enter the room with a piece of paper . kid twist look at it a second and then pick up the phone and begin to dial . int . drugstore lonnegan again , he 's get impatient now and light a cig - arette , and then the phone ring . he answer it quickly and we hear : twist bluenote at 6 to 1 on the nose . the receiver click down at the other end , lonnegan hang up and go out the door , follow by he entourage . - : : ext . STREET we follow he across the street and into the alley , where he signal one of the bodyguard to check the place out . kid twist push a button on he window sill , and a buzzer go off inside the store . the previously inert figure there spring to life . lonnegan 's bodyguard descend the stairwell and knock at the door , where he be greet by hooker in the capacity of host . he look the place over and motion a okay to lonnegan , int . store as lonnegan enter . we see the room for the first time in its entirety . overnight it have be transformed into a swank private club , with bar , cigarette girl , upholster furniture and chandelier . : singleton look at that . he 's get four ape with he . gondorff that 'w what I like about this guy , j.j ... they always get protection against thing we would never do to ‘em . everywhere there be activity . a bank of telephone buzze in - cessantly . sheet writer scurry from phone to phone , take bet of tremendous size from prominent people . continued '' pmé # 02062 oo 91 continued - 4 caller ) come down the stretch , it 's Dancing cloud by one length , War Eagle and bluenote be neck and neck by two . now it 's Dancing cloud , bluenote and War Eagle . ( shouting now ) Dancing cloud and bluenote head : to head ....- | , the place be go crazy . even singleton be stand up to 's get the necessary excitement in he voice . caller Dancing cloud , bluenote . Dancing cloud , bluencte . it 's bluenote by : a nose . Dancing cloud be second -- by two , War Eagle third by three and a half . time for a mile and 1 /8 , 2:01 and 6/10 second . most of the patron collapse into they chair like spend lover . eirie slam he racing form to the floor . nobody have bluencte . -~ curly ( tear up he . ticket ) bloody awful . who in blaze be bluencte ? lonnegan ( to eirie , have self - satisfied ) War Eagle 's where you want to have you money , huh ? eirie do not ' teply . he can not believe bluenote win . lonnegan look to hooker . hooker give he a wink . for the first time , lonnegan permit a smile . ' CUT to 91-a lonnegan at the cashier' window nile be count out $ 26,000 to he ' ala of which gondorff win the night before ) . gondorff look somewhat perturb . lonnegan pick up the money and tauntingly wave it at hia . gondo : wo ref ( get he name right this time ) . do not bother to come back with a ~ . piker 's bet like that again , lonnegan . we get a $ 5,000 minimum here . continued 91 - a 92 #02062 continued gondorff ( cont would ) ( to hooker ) show this bum out . hooker hesitates a second . gondorff go on , ya goddam ninny . gondorff give hooker a hara shove in the back with he foot , send he into a table and sprawl to the floor , - gondorff ( indicatin lonnegan 's : bedyguarda ) and tell he not to bring he gar - bage man in here no more . this ig a-class joint , oo , hooker , pretend to be humiliate , get to he foot and escort lonnegan to the door . lonnegan stop , give gondort a derisive smile , and walk out . once he 's go , the general clatter and hubbub in the room cease , like it have be turn off by a faucet , most of the boost sit down and relax , curly Jackson rip off he Van dyke . it 's be itching he . gondorff he 's gaff , kid . he should start come to you now . cur to " int . comb' office at the clearinghouse ~ day comb sit passively on the edge of he desk glance across the room every now and then at riley , who be slump uneasily in a fold chair , look like a defendant at the inquisi - ~ tion . both remain silent , like two man ina wait room . suddenly , what they have be wait for arrive , lonnegan come into the office , flanke by he bodyguard , skip the usual pleasantry , he walk right over to riley . lonnegan ° all right , riley . what the hell happen ? riley ( net look at he ) we miss he . lonnegan you be not hire to miss he , continued omm 92 #02062 continued : riley there be not any way he coulda know we be in there . we make a clean pick on the lock and do not leave no footprint in the hall . somebody musta wise he up . lonnegan yeh , and what do Cole say about that ? riley I do not know . he take it hard . . lonnegan all right , get outa here . you be outta work . riley get up and drag himself out the door like a whipped doc lonnegan we will put salino on it . I needa somebody careful , comb salino ? why waste we best people on a small - time job like this ? rt be not no heavy gee we be after . the guy 's a five and dime grifter . lonnegan then why be not he dead ? '' comb they do not think he would be so cagey , that 's all . they ' 11 get he next time . : : lonnegan use salino . it will take a little longer , but there will not be any hole in it . comb give up . the second time 's the charm . lonnegan '' and tell Cole I wanta see he when he get in . comb he 's not comin’ in . not to get bounce off a job anyway . continued jy $ 2 93 #02062 '' Rev. 1/9/73 continued = 2 lonnegan he have he chance and all he dia be shoot up a rooming house . make a lotta noise and wake up a few cop , but do not hit nothin ' , comb keep he mouth shut . there 's no way to talk to lonnegan when he 's like this , lonnegan ( cool a little ) this be salino 's job now , Vince , tf Cole want to muscle in on it , that 's he business , but he 's «co . breakin ' the rule 's and ' salino 's not gonna like it . '' CUT - to int , lonnegan' HOTEL ~ pay the finest the period have to offer . we pick up hooker come through the lobby , as he start up the stair we : cuT to ployd in lonnegant hotel room , he hang up a phone he 's be talk on . floyd ( to lonnegan} he 's on he way , hooker knock at the door and be admit by a bedyguard . lonnegan , wear a silk bathrobe , be seat at a table count a pile of money . there be two other assistant behind he , they do not look friendly . . hooker well , what do I tell ya ? lonnegan you get lucky once . that 's not enough , hooker - lucky , hell . I could do it every day , lonnegan why do not ya then ? continued '' dy 93 continued " po2062 = rev , 1797/73 hooker ' Cause it 's better to do it all at once , ( lean close ) we be puttin’ down 400 grand next week . at five to one we make two million , twenty percent of that be yours if ya stick with we . lonnegan you get a system , foley ? : hooker no . you can still lose with a '' system , . - lonnegan you be past-post , be not ya ? eooker could be . -. lonnegan how ? hooker ( pause ) you gonna stay in ? lonnegan Net until I get some answer . ecoker ( outflanke ) we get a partner downtown run the central office of the western Union . Race result from all over the country come in there and go right across he desk on they way to the booky , all he do be hold they up a couple minute until he can call we and get @ bet down on the winner . then he release the result to the booky and we clean up on a race that 's already be run . it can not miss , unless the western Union dick get onto it . lonnegan sit back a second , then come forward again and push a pile of bill over to hooker . hooker smile and begin to count the money . continued yy 7 ° go2063 = revi 19773 93 94 95 continued - 2 / lonnegan you get the 400 grand yet ? hooker not yet , but. , . ( stop suddenly ) _ hey , there 's only a grand here . lonnegan we be gonna place another bet tomorrow . hooker ( get angry ) : what be this ? that 's my money . lonnegan you owe I twenty - five grand , besides , if you setup 's as good as you say , you will get even more . hooker 's in a jam and he know it . hooker ( after a pause ) I gotta talk to my partner first , we can not afford to expose we game too much , '' lonnegan good . I will talk to ham too , hooker no , lonnegan ( paternally , but still a threat ) . you be waitin’ a long time for this , foley . do not ruin it for yourself , ( after a pause ) we will pick you up tomorrow at three . hooker say nothing for @ minute . floyd come over and present he with he hat and open the door . hooker walk out . omitted int . a indoor telephone booth ~ day one of the old , wooden kind =~ accordion door with glass pane in the upper half . hooker dial rapidly . continued # 02062 ~ rév.,1/11/73 - 95 int . a indoor telephone booth - day one of the old , wooden kind -= accordion door with glass C -' + | , pane in the upper half . hooker dial rapidly . : *- but ' he want to see '' ty . partner tomorrow at 3:00 . Hell , we will never get a telegraph store setup by then . any chance aid , falk bar , bis oe 3th ses hooker none . I woulda stall he , but I | do not have many friend in the room . vane sprang hea et ote twist all right , we will have to play he on the fly . i'11 get Eddie lookin ' _ for a place . . Le - + hooker : let I know when ya get somethin’ . sure thing , tootsie . hooker blow a mock kiss through the phone and hang up . he turn to leave the booth , when suddenly he see something that stop he cold . there look through the glass be the smirk - ing face of detective Snyder . hooker be immobilize . Snyder put he hand inside he coat and slowly draw out he gun . he point it right at hooker 's face and then violently smashes . all the glass in the upper half of the door with the barrel . fragment of glass spray into the booth , a couple of which imb themselves in hooker 's cheek . : ' hooker quickly whip open the door , trapping Snyder 's hand in@ the accordion and jarring loose he gun . hooker sprint out of the booth as Snyder scramble for he pistol and give pursuit . : . 96 ext . alley and side street - day - the two men we follow the two man up alley and side street as they race through the dregs of the city , two ppance shadow move through place that only get light at night . the wind blow drop of blood off hooker 's cheek as he run . Snyder scill . . have he gun , but would rather inflict pain than death , 97 s7 - a 99 #02062 condemned build hooker make for a condemn building and scramble up the stair , step give way under he as he go . int . build on the fourth floor , he duck into a room and quickly lock the door , we pan the room to reveal that the whole back side of the building be go . hooker run toward the ledge and leap through the air , landing on the fire escape of a adjacent building , some 15 foot away . he kick in a window and go . _ off down the hall . we cut back to : Snyder furiously kick in the lock oor . he finally crash through , only to find a empty room and a beautiful pancrama of the city and its nearest hooverville . cuT to long shot - hooker wind he way through the slum area of town , dash along back street , over fence and through vacant lot , make good he escape . from cur angle , he look like a rat in a maze . gondorff ( v.0 . ) why do not you tell I about Snyder before ? . hooker ( v.0 . ) I think I would lose he , . cur to int . gondorff' room at the carousel build - pay hooker sit sullenly at the table . billie stand over he put some ointment on he face to Close the cut . gondorff look on . they discussion continue . : gondorff well you find he again and we be gonna have to do something ' about it . what else have not ya be tellin ' I ? hooker nothin ' . I tell ya everything there be . . continued c 99 #02062 continued gondorff then why would ya move outa you room ? hooker it be too noisy . gondorff you can not play you friend like mark , hooker . hooker do not reply . he know gondorff 's on to hin . gondorff you know how easy it would be for one of lonnegan 's guy to nail you ? hooker all we need be a couple day , Henry . a couple day and we will get lonnegan down and stomp on ‘em . gondorff you just will not learn , will ya . Hell , you come in here , I teach you stuff maybe five guy in this world know , stuff most grifter could not do even if they know it , and all you wanna do be run down a bullet . ( pause ) you be just like all they new jerk . lotsa nerve and no brain . and ten year from now when I and the other be through and you dumb guy be all dead there will not be one gee leave who know the Big con be anything more than a way to make a livix ' , . hooker a couple day ; that 's ati I be askin ' , I can stay clear that long . gondorff ( try to be angry and fail ) + Christ , they will probably miss you and hit I . fade ouT be vila # 02062 " : - fade in the wire fade out wo - la ... 100 #02062 fade in int . a sleezy diner - late afternoon locate across the street from hooker 's apartment building , hooker sit alone in a booth , with a plate of ham and egg he 's hardly touch . the - two cut on he face have pretty much stop bleed . a big fan above the counter area drone away lethargically , it 's air stream insufficient to either cool the place or drive out the smell of onion and grease . a waitress , Loretta , emerge from the kitchen and amble slowly over to hooker 's table , slim and raven-haire , she manifest a indifference breed from year spend deliver thing to '' " people who be rarely grateful for what she bring . only a light scar on she leave cheek hint at another side . loretta '' - you dene ? . hooker : yeh , I guess I shoulda have the meat loaf . loretta ( deadpan ) it be not any better . hooker where 's June today ? loretta ( figure up the bill ) she do not work here no more . I be fillin ' in for a couple day ... till I can get a train outa here . hooker where you goin ' ? loretta ( put the check down and walk away ) I do not know . depend what train I get on , hooker look for some sign that she 's put he on . he do not get it . he take out some money , drop it on the table and walk out . cuT to be sk : 101 102 103 $ 02062 - rev.°1/9/73 * ext . a western union office - late afternoon a truck with the word clayton bros . , custom painting and decorate stencile on the side , be park out front . two man , wear overall and painter 's cap , walk into the office carry paint bucket , brushes and tarpaulin . when they get to the reception counter , we see that they be twist and singleton . . twist ( to the receptionist ) Excuse I , we be here to paint Mr. ' harmon 's office . receptionist vee ote ls eteag -. : ( obviously not expect they ; ' mz. harmon 's off :ce ? hold on just €@ second . uo . 7 she go to get Mr. harmon . cuT to ext . the sleezy diner - late afternoon hooker be stand on the curb outside the diner , obviously wait for somebody . lonnegan 's car pull up and hooker hop 's in the back . lonnegan - what happen to you face ? . ' . hooker have a lictle fight with a raggle . ( down on 13th . she get I with she ring . lonnegan . oughta lay off the skirt , you : ( will not find any of my boy moonin ' around that kinda trash . hooker look at floyd , who stare goggedly ahead . ( ccut to int . the western union office again - late afternoon Mr. harmon be look over the authorization papers that twist and singleton have give he . he can not find anything wrong with it . . continued 103 '' sk '' " 402062 = Rev. 1/9/73 continued harmon brigham sign it all right . I can not understand why he do not tell I . singleton : ah , he 's like all they super - visor . they think they be too good for regular people . he say he be in here a while ago and the place be a mess . continued C la 103 104 105 #02062 the ee continued harmon look around , hope it 's not true . twist we will try and hurry so we do not keep you out of you office too long . oo : harmon why can not I work with you in there ? singleton , look pal , we gotta cover the floor , the furniture , everything , so we do not spill on nothing . now if you .. , wanta sit in there with a tarp over you head , you be welcome to it . : . harmon . all right , how long will you be ? . twist hour or two at the most . we do / good work . harmon be resign . twist and singleton pick up they gear and march into the office . once inside , we notice that the office have a exit door which open to a outside alley . twist immediately remove he overall , revealing the suit and tie he 's wear underneath . he take out a picture of himself , a woman and three small child , and put it on harmon 's desk , replace a smiliar picture of harmon 's family . singleton , meanwhile , have spread a few tarp and begin to paint the wall , cur to ext . the western union office - late afternoon lonnegan 's car pull up and 's stop across the street . hooker we will go to the side door . we follow hooker and lonnegan across the street to the side entrance which open into : int . harmon' office hooker knock and twist , of course , answer , booker tes , I get lr. lonnegan with I . he want to see you a second . continued '' yy 105 106 107 '' " $ o2062 - Rev. 1/9/73 '' continued twist ( irritate ) what the hell 's the matter with you . we coulda meet at a club or something 's , hooker I think it might be good for he _ to see the setup , twist ( hushed ) - : well we can not talk in here . they be have the place paint . twist walk over to the intercon on he desk . he leave the door open so that lonnegan can get a good look at the office , twist 's picture in it , the painter , ~ etc , '' - lonnegan 's not - : miss any of it . twist ( talk into the intercom ) miss barne , I be go home a little early today . tell anyone that call that they can reach I here in the morning . thank you . int . front office harmon 's secretary at the other end of the intercom , Mr. harmon be with she . they lock at each other a second and harmon decide he better see what 's happen in he office . he open the door to find it empty except for a pile of painting equipment and one haphazardly paint wall . cur to int. a HOTEL bar = evening hooker , lonnegan and twist sit at one of the more secluded table , they be not eat . 7 . twist 2 can not do it . there nre telegraph inspector all over the place . lounegan I want t2 se# :t sone more time ' continued c dee 107 #02062 ~ rev , 1/9/73 continued twist I get 400 grand comin ' in from the coast next week . I be not gonna blow it for a measly 14 gee . no sir , I say when we place we bet . lonnecai hot if you want I to leep makin 's " en for ya . twist hesitates , loululcal if it work aqain tomerrow , I and gonna finance the whele tlind . nalf a million dollar uerti : . we sarlit 60 - 40 , mist : what doya mean ? we already get a guy . he 's liquidate everything he have for this . and still givin’ we half . lonnecan with 20 per cent off the top for I , either way you only get 40 . twist what be I suppose to say to he ? lonnegan . tell he to drop dead . with what I know about you operation vou should be worryin ' about keepin’ I happy . . tuist ( almost plead now ) but we can not keep goin ' into Shaw 's place and cleanin’ up on longshot . , : he 's bound to get wise . lounegan ( get up to leave ) then we will go for slort odd this time . you will just have to give I all three place instead . see va tomorrow . contingid rome ' dée 107 " # 02062 = Rev. 1/9/73 continued = 2 twist {feebly ) yeh , see ya tomorrow . on he way out , lonnegan give hooker a little nod , as if to say " that 's the way ya gotta handle them . " ' twist and hooker delay a few second and then get up to leave . we frame the shot with a coffee cup large in the foreground . as they go to the door , a black - glove hand with four finger enter the frame and put a nickel down next to the cup . fade out 2 #02062 °° fade in thre shut+oout fade out ry ) 108 109 110 " # 02062 wo fade in int . a downtoww ! dinette - morning Snyder finish a donut and a cup of coffee , put down a dime for the lot and exit . we follow he down the street : ext . STREET to a corner newsstand , where he stop to buy a morning paper . as he peruse it , he 's approach by two large , clean - cut man in white skimmer . man be you Lieutenant William Snyder ? snyder I do not know , what 's up ? man . f.b.i ... special agant poik would like C a few word with ya . ya get a couple minute ? snyder ( completely floor ) . yeh , sure . the two man show he to a wait car . int . a abandoned warehouse = day Snyder stand in the middle of a dusty old machine room , sur - round by four or five Federal Agents . visible around the room be several fold cot and portable locker . the '' agent have obviously be quarter here temporarily . they all wear white skimmer , save for one , a portly man , spacial { 3 agent Polk , who pace the room smoking . there be something long - suffer about he , as if he wonder how he ever get in a service that think white skimmer be classy . snyder what be this ? I get work to do . polk sit down and shut up , will ya . try not to live up to all my expecta - tion . {not ' in the mood to screw around ) we be tell you know a hustle artist name johnny hooker . '' continued '' no 0 '' #02062 ue not , 99 110 continued Snyder do not answer . polk do ya know he or do not ya ? : snyder yeh , but I do not know where he be . polk well we do . he 's chummin ' around with a Big C name Henry gondorff . Ring any bell ? . . . snyder sure . every bunco man in the country know gondorfé . polk there 's word he 's gonna run a con on the North side here . we get a year - old Florida warrant on he , but it 's a thin beef , and he can beat it in court unless we catch he cold , all we want you to do be pick up hooker for we . snyder why do not you pick he up yourself ? polk Cause the stooly be use to street dick jumpin’ he . if word get around that fed be in on it too , gondorff will fold up the whole thing . . snyder would not that be too bad . you would hafta move outa this nice office ya get . polk ( enraged ) do not crack wise to I , flatfoot . I spend a lotta time in dump like this , eatin 's gondorff 's dust while the bunco squad get rich tippin ' he off . but it 's not gonna happen this time . we be not even gonna let the police know we be here . if you keep you mouth shut and do a job , there will be some reward trick ( in it - for ya . and you better take . it , cause I can make ya work for we without it . continued be ) no # 02062 110 continued = 2 . snyder what the hell good be hooker to ya ? polk he 's gonna set up gondorff for we . synder he will never do it . polk ( self -satisfy ) I think he will . cuT to 111 int . the drugstore - day lonnegan sit by the phone , watch the clock and sip a cup of coffee . cut to 112 0soint . the store - day '' specifically , the small room from which singleton do he race broadcast . singleton , himself , be hunch over the ticker machine , read the print-out . billie sit at the microphone table with a pencil and pad , ready to write . singleton visitation be still up by two at the three - quarter . single action second , fasanella third . billie what 's the line on visitation ? . singleton ( check further + wp on the print - out sheet ) 7 to 2 . that be not bad . . billie he will probably fall down . gondorff appear at the doorway . gondorff how ya doin ' ? ' continued wy sk " 902062 - of ~ 112 continued : . singleton - ( eye still glue to the ticker ) nothin ' yet . I get a good one on '' the lead at hialeah , but he 's fadin ' . billie : best we have be cat 's Eye in the : second at Del Mar , and he be only seven- to-two . not many longshot , comin ' in today . gondorff we do not want big odd on this one , j.j . ' take anything at five - to - two or under . and nothin ' over four- to - one . singleton | okay . here we go . . ( excited ) billie . you ready ? billie prepare to write on she pad . , '' : billie . yeh , go ahead . ° singleton | . at the finish , it 's single action by ' two , fasanella second , visitation third . ( read up the sheet again ) line on single action ... five - to-one . Hell with it , that 's no good . billie crumple up the piece of paper she 's be write on an¢ chuck it in a wastecan . gondorff leave the room , as { singleton turn back to he vigil at the ticker . singleton ( a little weary ) okay , the fairfield stake at Santa anita . mile and a quarter for 3 year old and up . cut to se 113 114 11 '' #0206200 — CO co . 4 the floor area of the store everyone be in he place as before . today , hewever , curly Jackson be play the part of the aging sport . well scrubbed and clean shaven , he cut a dash figure in he blue blazer and white parit . we go 'to gondorff in the ~~ cashier 's cage . he 's talk to nile , who 's busy hand out fake bankrolls to member of the boost . gondorff he 's gonna hit va with 20 grand , Eddie . how much cash we get ? nile not enough to cover a bet that big . : gondorff get a couple extra guy in the line , .then . we will give he the shut -out . nile nod . : cur to int . the drugstore ~ day . lonnegan be still wait . he take the 20 grand out of he coat pocket and thumb through it , just to make sure it 's all there . cur to int , the store - day singleton and billie at the ticker again . billie look a little sleepy . singleton be obviously involved with the progress of a race . singleton okay , billie , here we go . billie snap to and prepare to write as singleton read . singleton at the wire it 's Wrecking Crew the winner by five , Grand theft second , wingless third , ' ( zead up ) . Wrecking Crew be ... three - to-one . ( rip the sheet out of the ticker ) that 's we boy . billie and singleton hustle out of the room . ac 116 117 11e 119 #02062 — . l ext . alley we follow billie through the store and across the alley to the building from which twist keep he lookout . CUT back to int . store gondorff , hold the ticker sheet singleton have give he , emerge from the office and start give instruction to the boost . - gondorff all right , furey , you horse be wingless . paltrow , the Big Alabama and Phillips will take Grand theft. rodger and eitie have Wrecking Crew . Jackson -- his | dandy , cowan -- Change of heart , fiskin and chappie -- make to order . ( point to the eirie : kid ) eirie , he get a bang outa seein ' you lose , so we oughta use that on ‘em . if you play the bird of a feather routine we work on , it should steam he up pretty good . you think you can handie that ? eirie ( a little nervous ) _ yeh , sure . gondorff o.k. , you guy in line take you time , and I wanta see lotsa joy on Wrecking Crew . cut to int . twist be room - day billie enter and give twist the piece of Paper she write the race result on . he pick up the phone and start to dial . cur to int . drugstore - day the phone ring and lonnegan . answer it . continued ac 119 120 #02062 '' oh continued voice Wrecking Crew at 4 - 1 , Grand theft to place , make to order to show . lonnegan smile and hang up the phone . cuT to int . store - day lonnegan 's in line at the betting window . there be four people in front of he this time , and they be move rather slowly . the '' last flash " call be hear on the speaker . lonnegan ( get impatient ) c'mon , let 's hurry up there . — the man at the head of the line turn around and give lonnegan a chill look , as if he be beneath contempt . he put down $ 25,000 on Grand theft . the next man in line plunge down $ 30,000 on Wrecking Crew . . just as lonnegan be about to step to the window , gondorff give a quick signal to singleton . the speaker come on . caller lady and gentlemen , this be Arnold rowe , you caller for the $ 100,000 fairfield stake at Hollywood Park in Los Angeles . a mile and 3 / 8 for . three year old and up . and they be off ! lonnegan ( count out he money ) twanty -thousand on ... ° . a nile I be sorry , sir . we can not take bet : after the race be start . . he point to a sign above the window , which say exactly that . lonnegan grab up he money in disgust . . gondorff do not take it so hard , pal . you probably woulda lose . it . . lonnegan wander over to the bar in a funk . continued ac 120 121 #02062 continued caller and around the first turn it 's Wrecking Crew by a half length , Grand theft second by one , his dandy be third by one half , follow by Change of heart , 's back flip , make to order and High Ground . the assemble patron ' be once again thoroughly involved in the race . eirie come up to lonnegan at the bar . eirie whe you get ? . lonnegan ( half -heartedly ) I be sit this one out . eirie : I have get wreck crew . maybe .. it will be my day . = - lennegan nod and wander away . hooker come over to he . hooker what happen ? lonnegan I do not get the bet down in time . hooker ( piss ) oh , Jesus . cur to int : store office gondorff and nile , back in the office . ( look aut at the floor ) look like he 's sulk . gondorff . if we be lucky , this will bring he back stronger than ever . . cur to ae # 02062 122 the floor caller come for home , it 's Wrecking Crew by six length , make to order be second by two and a half , High Ground be third by a length and Grand theft be come fast on the vail . it 's Wrecking Crew , make to order and Grand theft . Wrecking Crew win it by five length , Grand theft be second by a nose , make to order be third by two . time for one and 3 / 8 mile , 2:11 and 4/10 second . , eirie explode in a joyous frenzy . he grab lonnegan by the shoulder and shake hin . eirie _ zt wont : I win ! : you hear that ! I win 15,000 ! , : Yau hear that ! ' yeh , lonnegan hear that . lonnegan shake loose , grab he coat and head for the door . 123 ° '' ext , alley - day he find hooker wait for he outside . lonnegan tell you friend I will have the money here by post-time tomorrow . we will take the first race where the ' odd be 4 - 1 or better . and make sure I can get to that window this time . hooker how be I gonna do that ? lonnegan ( coarsely ) I do not know , figure something out . lonnegan storm across the street to he wait car and drive off . hooker relax into a smile . he 's already figure something out . cuT to 124 int . sleezy diner across from hooker ‘s apt . bldg . - evening hooker sit at the counter finish a plate of meat loaf . Loretta be down at the cash register , lean on the counter , continued ac 124 124- a 424-3 #02062 I continued look idly out into space . hooker glance over at she every once in a while to see if she might be interested in strike up a little conversation . she 's not . he finish he meal and come down to thé register to pay he bill . hooker meat loaf , apple pie and a cup of coffee . loretta . ( ringing it up ) sixty -five . : hooker give she a dollar . she go to the register for change : hooker . : : what time you get off work here ? loretta 2:00 a.m. hooker you doin ' anything tonight ? : loretta hhand he he change ) yeh , sleepin’ . hooker figure that 's enough of that . he pocket he change and start out the door , when suddenly he stop short . ext . STREET across the street in a doorway be the silhouette of a man . it 's Cole . he 's pretend not to look at the diner , but hooker be not fool . int . diner -— , . he go back to Loretta at the register . hooker you get a back door to this place ? . loretta no . what 's wrong with the front ? continued ac #02062 : i 124-b continued 125 126 hooker ( urgently now ) look , I do not have time to -mess ( around . there 's somebody out there I do not need to see . you get a fire escape or anything ? loretta no . hooker all right , do I a favor . go into the bathroom , open the window and wait for I there . loretta what the hell for ? hooker . . , just do what I tell ya and every - ~ thing will be jake . crack of concern begin to appear in Loretta 's marble . loretta what do this guy want ? hooker ( evenly ) he would like to kill I . Loretta just look at he a second . realizing that this be no joke , she turn and walk slowly but steadily to the bath - room . hooker wait until she 's out of sight . ext . STREET hooker go to the front door and step cutside . Cole look up at the sound of the door . hooker make a big show of spot he , and run back into the diner . Cole , he cover blow , draw he gun and race across the street in pursuit . arrive just in time to see --- int . diner hooker go into the bathroom , he charge in after he , only to find the place empty . he go quickly from stall to stall , on the chance that hooker might be hide in one of they . . continued toa 126 127 128 " 902062 , continued he come to one that 's close , and see a pair of woman 's leg under the door , reject that , and move on to the next on we cut inside the stall to reveal Loretta sit on the toilet with she skirt hike up . right behind she , crouch on the back of the seat , be hooker . . Cole have finish he rapid inspection now , and have find nothing , look around for hooker 's probable escape route . he see the open window and climb out to find himself in a small air shaft , from which he know hooker could not escape . hooker , . seize the time , burst out of the stall and run back out through the diner . Cole see he , but too late to ' get off a shot . he climb back in the window and give chase . ext . STREET we pick up hooker barrel down the street with Cole a hundre yard or so behind . hooker make a sharp cut into a alley , and we see immediately that it 's a hopeless dead end . inex - ' plicably , he make no attempt to run back out . Cole draw up and cut into the alley , anticipate the kill which should be easy now . he prepare to sight down he victir when suddenly he realize there be no victim in sight . hooker , miraculously , have vanish . Cole scan the alley frantically for some trace of he . there be no window or door at the street level . not even a drain pipe . just brick wall . it 's impossible . hooker have disappear into thin air . Cole slam he gun into he shoulder holster with a curse , and start back out of the alley , when all of a sudden he stop in utter terror . his mouth drop open and he choke out the - word : . cole salino , hey look . I do not mean to move in on ...» before anything else can come out , two bullet rip into he chest . he fall to the concrete , come to rest on a manhole cover , which we notice be slightly ajar . we ; cur to the sewer pipe beneath the manhole . we see hooker make he way through the slop , have gain another reprieve , but unaware that with two down , there be still one to go . cut to : jn 129 130 '' goer = 7 'ot int . hooker' apartment build = evening hooker come in the front entrance and go to the elevator , one of the old - fashioned kind with the iron grid on the in - side . he 's still a little rattle and wait for the eleva - tor be make he restless . it finally arrive , and he step inside , close the grid behind he . as he start to push the button for he floor , he realize for the first time that he 's not alone . he look to the corner to find Snyder , hold - ing a gun on he . this time there 's not much doubt that he will use it if necessary . hooker ( x hey there , Snyder . Long time no see . cot to _ int . the abandoned warehouse - evening Snyder bring hooker into the crate room where special agent .( % Polk and the other Agents be wait . - poik , as usual , have . he coat off , revealing he shoulder holster . polk hello , Mr. hooker . special agent ( 3 Polk , f.b.i ... ( shove a chair over to he ) have a seat . hooker remain stand . polk ( ignore it , @rink from a cup } you want a drink or something ? hooker no. polk we want to talk to ya about Henry gondorff . : - hooker ' do not think I know hin . polk ' well give yourself a couple sec - ond , crumb . you would not wanna lie to I . Lt. Snyder here say you do a lotta con Zidence work '' in he town . hooker Lt. Snyder do not know shit . continued pmé «#02062 — _ 130 continued : capt . Polk almost laugh , but he check it . hooker you get nothin’ on I . 's . polk we will get it , and if we can not , we will ' . just make it up . Grand larceny , extortion , ( with special emphasis ) counterfeit , anything you want . hooker say nothing , but it 's not from defiance now . beginning to get the picture . polk look , I get nothin ' against you , but you be in trouble here . all you gotta do be tell we when gonderff 's gonna play he chump . . we come in at the sting , make the pinch , and you walk out free as a on bird . no question , no court ap - pearance , astieng . . * hooker no. polk you have already dsne time twice , and judge do not like three time loser . you wanna sit in the can for forty year , startin ' tonight ? hooker I will make parole . polk : like hell . you will not even get a review till you nre seventy . hooker ( seftly ) I will chance it . Polk pause for a moment . then seem resign . ~ polk okay . 1 f£ that 's the way you want it . we might even provide you with a little company on the way up the river , that wife of luther coleman 's w- what be she name , Snyder ? ' C continued q 0 q G ft pmf '' # 02062 u . 2 130 continued = 2 snyder alva . hooker 's head snap up and he regards Polk with veile loathing . polk that 's it . alva coleman . quite a grifter in she time , I hear . Snyder say he 's get quite a dossier on she . nothing major by itself , but put tem together and it could add up to a lotta year . hooker you stink , " Polk . polk . c'mon , do not be a sap . it 's not she I want . I do not care if you be too dumb to save yourself , but there 's no sense draggin ' everybody else down with ya . . ( pause ) it 's all over , hooker . you can save I a lotta trouble , but I be gonna get Henry gondorff whether you help : I out or not . hooker 's thoroughly whipped . he sit down for 's the first time . hooker ( softly ) will you wait until the chump be play ? polk rell yes . we do not care about the mark , he deserve what he get . hooker ( with heat ) I mean completely play . until he 's beat and the score be take . you come in before we beat he and I will kill he . you will have a tough time explain that , will not - ya . polk all right , hooker , but you take it on the lam , and we will shoot you down on sight . ° hooker {barely audible ) just as long as I get to finish the play . '' cur to # 02062 int . gondorff' room - night gondorff and hooker be play gin rummy and drink . gondorff make little comment as he play , but hooker be quiet and withdraw . the carousel be not in operation and a heavy silence hangg over the place . . gondorff ~ what 's the matter , kid ? you be net sayin’ much . hooker just a little nervous , that 's all . . gondorff luther always tell I to bite my toenail when I get nervous . you see yourself doin ' that and you realize it be not worth it . hooker smile feebly . billie appear at the door . billie thing be a little slow tonight , Henry . I wanna open the round for the girl . gondorff take out a set of key and toss they to she . she leave to go start the merry - go-round . gondorff settles back into the game . gondorff take it easy , you will not lose he now . we have he 10 year ago when he decide to be somebody . believe I , I have see enough to know . hooker ( softly ) bow many guy you con in you life , Henry ? gondorff two or three hundred I guess . some - time play two a day when I be in Shea 's mob . we have it down to a business . " ( pause ) ' course Chicago be a right town then . the fix be in . the dick take they end without a beef . all the Wall Street boy want to make investment for we . even have mark look we up , thinkin ' they could beat the game . 1 . continued 131 132 402062 , continued : : + gondorff ( cont no ) ( pause ) . yeh , kid , it really stink . no sense in bein ' a grifter if it 's the same as bein ' a citizen . ~ gondorff chuck he card on the table . he 's through for the night . gondorff I better do some packin ' : I be gonna be a hot number again after tomorrow . hooker then why you doin ' it ? gondorff seem worthwhile , do not it ? ) maybe - it 's just for the cave - in on lonnegan 's face when we put in the sting . that 's good enough . hooker get up to leave . hooker Henry . gondorff yeh . hooker ( apologetically ) I appreciate you stickin ' you neck out . I would not have ask ya if it be not for luther . gondorff ai not nothin’ gonna make up for luther , kid . ( pause ) : revenge be for sucker . I be griftin' 30 year and never get any . hooker just nod and walk out the door . int . carousel we follow he past the carousel which be now full of giggle prostitute in various stage of undress . they childish frolick be charming from a group usually so jade , but it 's lose on hooker tonight . cur to 133 134 #02062 : 1 ext . a CITY STREET - night it 's late now and the street be desert save for a occasional derelict or streetwalker on she way home from a night 's work . we pick up hooker come down the street toward he apartment building . he walk slowly , almost reluctantly , as if he do not care whether he ever get there or not . as he near he building , he notice Loretta come out of the diner across the street . he stop and watch as she look up and disappear into a adjacent building that advertise room for rent . after a few second , we see a light come on in one of its second story window . hooker just stand there a second , debate with himself , try - ing to figure out a reason for do what he 's go to do anyway . we follow he across the street to Loretta 's building int . loretta be he go up the stair to the room where the light come on . he pass a couple of derelict on the way . he knock twice and Loretta answer in she bathrobe . she be more than a little startle to see he . . loretta look like he miss ya . hooker yeh , this time anyway . Loretta notice a old busybody peeping out at . they from she room across the hall . loretta good night , Mrs. hillard . Mrs , hillard quickly close she door . hooker ( shuffle a little ) I , ah ... think you might wanna come out for a while . maybe have a drink or somethin’ , . loretta you move right along , do not ya . -hooker ( with more innocence than confidence ) I do not mean nothin ' by it . I just do not know many regular girl , that 's all . continued mte 's 134 135 136 '¥02062 continued loretta and you expect I to come out , just like that . hooker if I expect something ' , I would not be still standin’ out here in the hall . Loretta look at he carefully . she know it 's not a line . loretta ( with less resist - " ance now ) I do not even know you . hooker ( slowly ) you know I . I be just like you ... itts two in the morning and I do not know nobody . the two just stand there in silence a second . there 's nothing more to say . she stand back and let he in . cur to int . gondorff' room - night a record spin lazily on a old phonograph . we hear Robert Johnson 's " come on in my Kitchen . " gondorff be sit up in bed , with he hat on , lose in think . billie be curl up asleep next to he . there 's a pack suitcase next to the bed billie wake up and turn over a second . : ccut to int . gondorff' room billie c'mon Henry , knock off . you have do everything you can . gondorff nod he agreement like a zombie and go right on think . cur to '' pat 137 #02062 loretta's room hooker and Loretta be asleep against each other , they body illuminate every few second by the light from a neon sign . across the street . we dolly to the window and move in on an- other window in the building . next door . there 's no light on in it , but we can discern the basic outline of a face behind the curtain , which be slightly parte to afford a view of hooxer 's room by a black - glove hand . " I say come on in my kitchen ' Cause it 's ganna be rainin ' outdoors . " Music end . fade out tr # 02062 fade in the sting fade out gb 138 139 140 141 142 143 '' 02062 ul fade in int . loretta's room - morning we open on hooker in bed , the morning sun stream in on he face . he awaken slowly , look at the ceiling for a second and , remember last night , turn to the side to find that Loretta be no longer there . still drowsy , he get out of bed and look around the room for a note or some evidence of she continue presence . he open a empty closet , then open empty drawer . find nothing , he suddenly hit on another pos - sibility , and look . in he wallet . the money be still there . almost disappointed , he slump down in a chair , as the harsh reality of what will happen this day flood back in on he . Music begin and we : _ : , cur to int . a unknown location -- day we see the black - glove hand open a small wooden box . wrapped inside be a shiny black revolver , at this point in two piece . the Hand reach in and take they out . cuT to int , the sleezy diner - day hooker be poke at a plate of waffle and sausage . the wait - ress on duty be net Loretta and hooker have notice . cut to int . gondorff' room - day - gondorff be stand in front of the bathroom mirror , put on he tuxedo . he go to he dresser , pull out a very small gun and tuck it in he cummerbund . ~ , CUT to the gunman' room again the hand swirl a pipe cleaner inside the barrel of the be - volver and pick some lint out of the chamber . he then screw the barrel onto the body . this be all see in closeup . cuT to hooker' room again hooker now have he tuxedo on . he take two small rubber biad - der out of a crawer and put they in he pocket . cut to cr on '' gb 144 145 - 146 147 148 149 180 '' g02062 ° =o : uo 1 int . lonnegan' suite - day lennegan pace nervously around the room , look at the clock . obviously wait for something , he 's get extremely im - patient . cur to the gunman' room again we watch the hand carefully load bullet into the chamber of the revolver . cut to int . the carousel build - day gondorff emerge from he room carry he ' suitcase . he stop and look up at the mezzanine where billie be stand . they smile sadly at each other and give a simple wave , have do this too many time to get sentimental about it now . gondorff walk out of the building . cut to hooker' room again hooker be busily stuff all he possession in a paper bag , lumping clothes with food , record and toilet article . cur to lonnegan' suite again lonnegan go to the door to admit floyd and two assistant , one of whom carry a large brief case . lonnegon take the brief case to a table and open ' it . Inside be a half million dollar in cash . cur to the gunman' room again we see the hand put a silencer on the revolver . the gun - man put the revolver up to he eye to check the alignment and for the first time we see the face that go with the hand . it be fully as menace as we have imagine : Broad , flat nose , thick crack lip , narrow eye and cauliflower ear . cuT to hooker' room again hooker be on the phone now . gb '' m . #02062 ; , i int . warehouse we see that he 's talk to Captain Polk . Snyder listen also . eooker' room hooker finish the conversation , hang up and go to take one last look at himself in the mirror . find everything in order , he grab up he sack of possession and leave the room . ext . hooker' apartment we pick he up emerge from the building , and follow he around the corner to a secluded alley which he generally take -on-hig way to the store . as he walk along , he notice Loretta a 182 151 " a 152 153 xd . 184 k come toward he from the other end . she 's wear a coat , obviously on she way somewhere . as she come closer . we move to reveal the gunman appear suddenly in the alley behind and to the right of hooker . ext . alleyway the gunman quickly take out he revolver , brace it in the erook of he hand , and take careful aim . Loretta see he . the gunman fire . Loretta fall dead on the asphalt . hooker spin around in confusion . the gunman move quickly toward he . hooker start to back up but the gunman stop when he get to Loretta . he kick she over to reveal a gun under she body . gunman she be gonna kill ya , kid . booker be stunne . he can not believe it . gunman ( drag the body over behind a trash can ) her name 's Loretta salino . lonnegan 's people set she up in the diner . c'mon , let 's get outa here . hooker want to stay and try to figure it ali out , but the gun - man drag he away . cut to int . the abandoned warehouse = day Polk , Snyder and several federal agent be busy put on they shoulder holster , and check they weapon . continued : gb 184 iss 1s6 157 *- go2062 " continued . : polk ( to Snyder ) we get a tip that gonderff 's playin’ for some New York wheel . as soon as we be inside , I want you to get the guy outa there as fast as pos - gible , before the reporter show up . we can not afford to embarrass any big shot . Snyder nod . cur to ext . lonnegan' HOTEL = day lonnegan , carry the brief case_personally , ' be see get into he limousine . four assistant get in with he . = — '' cur to int . the store - day gondorff enter the store carry he suitcase . several of the boost be already there . gondorff clasp he hand to generate a little enthusiasm . he 's obviously up for this one , cur to int . a taxi cab - day hooker sit in the back seat with the gunman right next to he he 's still very uneasy with this man . : hooker : she coulda kill I last night . gunman too many people coulda see ya go in she room . she be a professional . use to work in the dutch schultz gang . : hooker who be you ? . gunman gondorff ask I to look after ya . hooker how do I know you be tellin " the truth . continued " ye tae 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 #02062 be oy continued . gunman do not have much choice , do ya ? we go to hooker . no , he do not . cur to ext . the abandoned warehouse - day we pick up Polk , Snyder and the other federal agent come out of the warehouse in they white skimmer , and pile into car . cur to the store again ' nile be busily spread " poodle " all over the cashier 's area , singleton check he microphone . it work fine . he check it again . cut to lonnegon in he limousine he hold the brief casein he : lap , he finger tapping lightly on it . cut to the store again hooker and the gunman enter and go over to gondorff , who break into a wide smile . hooker return it halfheartedly , still i11 at ease about what have happen . : cur to the f.b.i. car on there way there be four or five drive in a column . Snyder and Polk ride together in the back of the lead car . cut to ext . the drugstore = day lonnegan 's limousine pull up outside , and the bodyguard pile out . curt to '' gp hoz06 z 164 the store again gonderff , hooker and the other wait , the tension expressec they face . 165 int . the drugstore - day lonnegan sit tensely in the usual booth . he keep both hand firmly plant on the brief case . the phone ring and lonnegan go to it . Music end . voice place it on syphon at four to one . - , lonnegan hang up with the look of the financial killer . eigh to one odd be more than even he could have hope for . 166 ext . STREET we follow lonnegan across the street and into the store . the bodyguard remain outside . 167 int . store the store be buzzing with activity . money and booze be every where . the sheet writer and the boardmarker can hardly keep up with the action . lonnegan walk quickly to the betting lin and find to he relief that there 's only one man ahead of he the man put $ 25,000 on King 's image . lonnegan step to the window , swing up the brief case , and op it for nile to see . : . lonnegan ( straight - face ) five hundred grand on - syphon . nile be strike dumb . he 's never see that much money before . nile ( play the fiuster clerk ) hold on , I will have to get the manager . - nile go and return with gondorff . gondorff what 's the problem ? '' continued 167 ' po2062 ' : - z continued nile 7 ( point to the brief case ) he want to put a half million on syphon . gondorff look at the money a second and then look up at lonnegan like he 's gotta be crazy . gondorfp ( uneasily ) I can not lay that off in time . we lose a bet that big , it could break we . : . lonnegan ( challenging ) - if ya win it could make ya , too . gondorff ( to nile ) what be the odd on syphon ? / nile - four to. qne . . : ( gonderff look at lonnegan long and hard . . ° gondorff a half mill on a four to one shot . ( youtre dumber than I think , : lonnegan . lonnegan . you be more gutless than I think . the word '' last flash " be hear on the speaker . gondorff look at lonnegan with utter contempt . he turn to nile . ( chop ) take it . nile hurriedly write out a slip for 500,000 dollar . lonnega allow himself a sly smile , pick it up and retire to a near by table . he flash a little okay sign to hocker who acknowl - edge it with a nod . . . caller lady and gentleman , this be Arnold rowe , you caller for the San Antonio handicap at pimlico in Baltimore -- a mile and 1 /16 for three - year-old . and they be off . continued rm '' #02062 167 continued - 2 lonnegan take a deep breath and lean forward in he chair , the larceny boil in he vein . hooker look to gondorff , gondorff give he the " office . " hooker have to smile . caller and around the first turn it 's King 's '' image by a neck , syphon be second by one , Key to the vault third by one half , follow by Mr. moonlight , Red Ridge , moneyman and no charge . unexpectedly , kid twist burst if through the entrance . barely able to control he enthusiasm , he hurry over to ~ lonnegan 's table and sit down next to he . twist sorry , but I just could not wait . - do everything go all right ? lonnegan ( motion for he to keep he voice down ) take it easy . everything 's all right . I put it on syphon , on the - nose , twist {in utter horror ) on the nose ! I say place . place it on syphon . that horse be go to run second . lonnegan look like he 's just be stab . , he vault over the table to the teller 's window and grab nile . lonnegan you give I my goddamn money back ! you hear I ? there 's be a mis- take : - nile I be sorry , six . the betting 's close . lonnegan begin to shake he violently . lonnegan you give I my money back . there 's be a mistake , do you hear I ? gondorff leap to nile ' aid when suddenly there be a crash at the entrance door , and Polk , Snyder and eight federal agent burat into the room , gun draw . the place fall continued 167 168 169 nyo206 no so - '' ou continued - 3 silent except for the loudspeaker , the member of the boost afraid to move . gondorff and nile look at each other wonder how this could have possibly happen . polk ( motion to eooker ) all right , hooker , you can go . hooker 's eye go to gondorff , who look back at ‘him in utter disbelief , the betrayal raging in he feature . hooker , unable to meet he gaze , lower he head and start to walk out . ' almost unnotice , there 's a flash of movement at gondorff 's belt . a small gun . a shot . hooker clutches he ... back and fakl dead on the floor , the blood spurting from he mouth . Polk , reacting instantly , pour four shot into gondorff , who go down in a heap . pandemonium break loose . the member of the boost race for the door . lonnegan be — totally stunne , first he lose he money and now he 's in - volve in a murder . Snyder rush over to hin . snyder c'mon . we gotta get you outa here . ext . STREET Snyder drag he through the crowd and out onto the street where a f.b.i. car be wait . his bodyguard have long since fle at the sight of the f.5.1. man . lonnegan . my money 's back there . snyder we will worry about that later . Snyder get in beside lonnegan , and the car speed away . cut to inside the store again the pandemonium have now cease . that who could escape have ; the rest be line up against the wall in frisk position , gondorff and hooker lie on the floor dead . the loudspeaker drone on , singleton be still call the race from he booth , apparently oblivious to what 's happen . caller and the winner be King 's image by four length , syphon be second , by two , moneyman third by two and one half . time for 1 and 1 /16 mile , 1:21 and 2/10 second . * continued ‘mm * # 02062 169 continued Polk walk slowly over to hooker 's body and bend down . hooker floor , blood , nile , polk he 's go . open he eye and slowly drag himself up off the spitting out a little rubber bladder , fill with that he 's have in he mouth . gondorff do likewise . twist , singleton and the rest of the boost begin to laugh and shake hand , as do the Federal Agents . gondorff ( to Polk ) Nice con , hickey . I think you be fed myself , when you first come in . hickey no problem , Henry . Snyder go for it all the way . ( laugh ) you shoulda see the rag he light under lonnegan . '' gondorf£ turn to the other . gondorff okay , let 's take this place apart and get outa here . you can get you split from Eddie at boudreau 's to - night . gondorff walk over to hooker , who 's wiping the blood off bis face and hand . gondorff you beat he , kid . hooker ( softly ) you be right , Henry . it 's not. enough ... but it 's close . gondorff you wanta wait for you share ? hooker naw , I would just blow it . gondorff nod , and walk slowly to behind the bar . he come out with he suitcase in one hand and hooker 's paper bag in another . he throw the paper bag to hooker , who stop by continued 169 170 402062 — " continued ~ 2 '' the door . eirie kid be stand there . hooker give the " office " to eirie , who beam and give it back . ext . alley and STREET . - then hooker and gondorff leave . we hold on they , two rag - tail grifter again as they walk off down the street and dis - appear around the corner . pade out