the maze runner written by noah oppenheim base on the novel the maze runner by James dashner June 10 , 2011 fade in : int . the BOX a confine space , pitch black . slowly , shape and boundary emerge as a dim room , the size of a large freight elevator , gradually come into focus . a teenage boy be awaken . from he Pov , through a_ groggy haze ... all around there be massive steel storage drum . he slowly sit up , he vision still drift ... suddenly , there 's a escalate , high - pitch hum and he notice a faint point of light at one edge of the ceiling . he watch as the light grow , bisect the space ... then , a violent lurch , and the vibration stop . and , now , from above , he can hear the muffle cacophony of what sound like a crowd , grow in volume . teenager I be down here ! he 's blind as the ceiling gpen , and the space be absolutely flood with light . slowly , from the white - out , he vision return . revealing ... dozen of young men stare back at he . they be kneel , crowded around the container he 's arrive in . some be barely teens , other seem to be in they early twenty . the face of many be streak with mud , some bruise and cut . not one be smile . the teenager 's focus dart back and forth as ... heckler one send he back ! heckler two we be gonna need a bigger graveyard ! laughter , even louder , as the world spin . then ... commanding voice ( 0.s. ) enough ! at once , the crowd above pull back out of view , quiet . a beat . commanding voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) go on and grab he . and then , two figure suddenly hop over the edge of the container . the teenager turn to see figure one land behind he , and then back to figure two , who 's come toward he . + Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 2 . they feature be blurred -- just tall , menace apparition , who each grab he by a arm .. teenager wait ! .-- and toss he up over the edge ... ext . the BOX - the glade - day .».. onto the hard , dirt surface . still the teenager 's Pov , on he stomach , as he slowly push up to scan the snicker , whisper crowd .. they nre all wear modify version of the same strange uniform -- sleek gray tunic and slim trousers -- but many have cut - off they sleeve , or they pants at the knee , and other adorn they chest with various scrawle decoration . teenager where the hell be I ? then , the commanding voice , gally ( 21 ) , step forward . gally face be gaunt , something dark and unhinge just beneath the surface . his leave eye cloud over , he right , cold and pierce . gally get up , boy . this be no way to make a first impression . the teenager try to avoid gally 's menace gaze , and look past he , only to find a impossible sight in the near distance ... a massive stone Wall rise 100 - storey into the sky , defy the law of physics . the teenager look back to gally , now frantic , as he vision again go wobbly . his eye roll back and ... slam CUT to black . int . the pit - the glade - later the teenager 's eye snap open . he 's now on he back , stare at the ceiling of a rock cave . he try to sit up , but can not . his arm be tie down . teenager ( scream please !! help I !! his cry reverberate . a beat , then , from outside he cell , the sound of footstep . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 3 . the teenager strain to see again , and find himself stare through the bar at clint ( 17 ) -- nervous , bright eye , angular feature . clint turn down the corridor and shout to someone ... clint he 's awake ! the teenager be frantic as clint enter the cell and approach ... teenager who be you ? clint just relax . you ’1ll be out of here soon enough . teenager but why be I tie up ? clint for you own safety . we never know how you greeny be gonna react . beat ) now , lay back ... gally enter , move with a pronounce limp . the teenager lurch up against he restraint ... teenager get this rope off I ! but gally say nothing , unmove by the teenager 's terror . from down the Hall there 's more commotion . clint he 's come ... before the teenager can ask who .... clint and gally move to either side of the cell , stand erect , at attention . and , then , he enter ... alby . tall , charismatic . prail alby , he Guards -- two muscular brute , carry hand - make cross -bow and wooden club , whose name we 's 1ll learn be newt ( 20 ) and atlas ( 18 ) . clint keep he eye downcast , visibly nervous . gally , on the other hand , look directly at alby , who pronounce ... alby let 's get start . the teenager quiet as alby approach . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 4 . alby ( cont 'd ) I be alby . a beat , close on the teenager 's face . he 's actually strain to remember . then it come to he ... teenager I be ... I be Thomas . alby pull up a stool and sit . alby welcome to the glade , Thomas . ( to , clint ) untie he . thomas 's eye dart back - and -forth among the three man as clint loosen he restraint ... thomas the glade ? who the hell be you guy ? do I know you ? alby Thomas , I look after everyone . as soon as we be do here , we will make sure you get settle . thomas , massage he wrist , look at alby , and relax a moment in the presence of he authority . thomas please ... I just want to know what 's happen . alby nod , sympathetic . alby what 's the last thing you remember ? thomas be about to answer , but when he open he mouth , he 's speechless . nothing . alby ( cont 'd ) besides you name , can you think of anything about yourself ? name of friend ? family ? again , thomas want to answer , but struggle , draw only a blank . alby ( cont 'd ) do you have any idea where you live ? the name of a city ? the enormity begin to hit he ... alby ( cont 'd ) do you_know what year it be , Thomas ? Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 5 . breathless , bead of sweat form , thomas 's heart be pound . gally just like all the other . alby turn to he ... alby that do not mean we should not keep try . resigned , alby stand , suddenly , he demeanor harden . he turn to clint again ... alby ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? clint frankly , pretty unimpressive . gally they be shorthand in the eastern field . alby nod . turn back to thomas one last time .. alby we have law here . obey they . work hard and you 'il be keep feed , alive , and reasonably comfortable . ext . the pit - the glade gally now drag thomas from the dark corridor of the pit -- a shallow cave complex -- into the bright afternoon light of the glade , a circular expanse the size of a large pit mine . alby ( v.o ) the glade 's twenty acre of forest and farmland ... there be primitive structure and large grove of tree that block thomas 's view in several direction . but , everywhere he look that tower wall loom around the perimeter ... alby ( v.o. ) surrounded by wall that touch the heaven . thomas notice that in each of the four cardinal direction , the wall split open ... alby ( v.o. ) we call it the maze . crane up , directly overhead ...to reveal a spiraling labyrinth of twist and turn passage '' that unravel around the glade forever into the distance . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 6 . alby ( v.o. ) the maze stand between we and home ... whatever world exist outside this prison . as alby' voice fade and we return to ground - level , thomas stare down he one clear sight - line where a entrance to the maze be visible a few hundred yard in the distance . * * gally take thomas by the arm and pull he toward a short boy wait nearby , who go pale as gally get closer ... * gally you be the field Hand ? Chuck ? chuck . * um . that 's right , sir ... gally ( to Thomas ) Chuck will show you you trade , cover the rest of the basic . chuck try to give thomas a reassure look gally ( cont 'd ) ( to Chuck ) after shift 's over , take he to the homestead . * thomas this be ridiculous ! you can not just * put I to work ! * now , gally grab thomas by the shirt and pick he up off the ground . gally * you will do as you be tell . or you ! 11 learn quick what every man ere already know : do not make I angry . gally drop thomas , who 's try hard not to tremble . gally ( cont 'd ) ( to Chuck ) now , get he out of here . ext . homestead path - the glade - continuous * thomas walk alongside chuck , who 's rush down a clear path through the tree , roughly the size of a two - lane highway . on either side of the path , a series of walkway have be hang , and , off in the distance , several haphazard structure appear to be suspend in the branch . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 7 . chuck pretty cool , huh ? most of it be already build when the first guy get here . thomas how long have you -- chuck Long enough to tell you anything you be wonder . peg I a field Hand right from the start , just like you . but clint gay another few month he might teach I to medic . thomas and no one know what 's happen ? chuck there be twenty guy at the beginning . every week since for three year , the box bring supplies . and every month , a new arrival like I and you . just a name but no memory . thomas can hardly believe what he 's hearing ... thomas we must be from someplace . chuck just follow my lead and stick with the program . now , on they leave , the tree begin to thin and thomas notice several strange figure in the distance . they be all older , rail thin , and they clothes be in tatter . thomas slow , but chuck pull he by the arm ... chuck ( cont 'd ) change boy . best to keep you distance . ext . eastern field - the glade - day thomas and chuck arrive at the Eastern field , where a dozen field hand be work under the afternoon sun to empty the same storage drum deliver earlier with thomas . the drum be fill with water , and the field hand be attach hose that empty they into a series of low -ly irrigation duct service the crop ... chuck bring back a extra set of hand . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 8 . zack , a short , powerful boy , come out from behind a nearby shed , carry a shovel ... zack let 's hope you do not rub off on the walk over . ( beat , to Thomas ) what 's you name ? thomas Thomas . zack I be the boss man . whatever Chuck here do , do the opposite . chuck hang he head , embarrassed . zack hand chuck the shovel . zack ( cont 'd ) both of you head out to the spud and start turn soil . as chuck start to walk away , one fieldhand stick out a leg and another shove chuck , send he crash hard to the ground . thomas instinctively lunge forward ... thomas hey ! the fieldhand look at thomas , amused at he outburst . even chuck look surprised as he struggle to he foot . thomas stand still , as zack now move closer , eyeing he head - to - toe . but thomas just look past zack , at that tower Wall , closer than ever . suddenly , zack sucker-punch he in the stomach . thomas shake off the blow as the other snicker . he slowly lift he eye , and step nose - to- nose with zack . zack wind up for a head -shot ... but thomas catch he fist , mid-sw , in a vice -grip . the other fieldhand be shocked silent . thomas force zack be hand down , surprised by he own strength thomas ( cont 'd ) how ' bout that ... thomas release zack and walk past he into the field , chuck trail . + Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 9 . ext . eastern field - later in the shadow of the Wall , thomas , drench in sweat , heave a shovel of dirt into a nearby pile . out the corner of he eye , he notice zack and some other fieldhand in the distance , watch he . and then , a few foot away , chuck collapse , panting . thomas turn to he ... thomas follow you lead , huh ? laying on he back , chuck smile ... chuck I get this down to a science . somewhere in the glade , a bell clang . chuck ( cont 'd ) especially the quit part . all around , the other fieldhand drop they tool and head back toward the forest . ext . NORTH gate - the glade - dusk thomas follow chuck and a stream of glader down a wood path , finally emerge into a clear ... .-- and stare , captivate , at one of the entrance to the maze . he try to push through the crowd , but before he can get close ... minho ( 21 ) and aron ( 20 ) ... both over six foot tall , not a ounce of body fat on they , come bound out of the maze at a full sprint , and stop to catch they breath just inside the glade . minho be wear a armband , and they be both carry pack strapped to they shirtless back , animal skin canteen , cross -bow , and razor - sharp spear . thomas stare at they , awestruck . chuck whisper ... chuck the runner . they be the strongest , the fastest . the gather glader move aside so the runners can pass , patting they on the back , offer to carry they gear , offer word of encouragement . +e hf % % + eh + * Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 10. chuck ( cont 'd ) * they be look for a way out of * the maze . * thomas can not take he eye off they ... * thomas * why do they need weapon ? * and then , suddenly a thunderous clap , as the wall slam shut , * close off the maze , as the last light of day vanish . * ext . homestead clearing - the glade - night * a boisterous scene in the glade 's central clear , the * homestead -- a large open space fill with wooden table , a cook shed , a few fire circle , and what look like a make - shift play field . chuck you want something to eat ? the glade cook , winston , and he kitchen hand be hand out bowl of steaming chili to a long line of taker . the food look good enough , but after what he 's just see ... thomas not hungry . everywhere thomas turn , small group of glader be talk loud : yj some be gather around what look like a arm - wrestle match , and other be kick around a ball of vine and tree rubber . as thomas take in the rowdy atmosphere ... chuck ( 0.s. alby always say ... gotta keep up * we spirit . the guy know they * get catch mope , newt and atlas be gonna give ‘em a pep talk . a rough one . thomas yeah , well , I be not so sure about you fearless leader . ( bite ) how long they be stick here ? thomas glance up at the sky -- it 's a charcoal grey , with a few pinpoint of light . he study it ... thomas ( cont 'd ) I guess the sky look familiar . ( beat ) sort of . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 11 . chuck take I a week before I stop shaking . just_had this terrible ache inside . like there be family , friend ... who know ? people I be miss . thomas I be not sure what 's worse . I keep try ... but I feel nothing . suddenly , a ball come fly at they and thomas barely dodge it . there 's laughter from the play field ... thomas ( cont 'd ) ( to Chuck ) this place blow , you know that ? there 's not much chuck can say . thomas ( cont 'd ) I will see you tomorrow . ext . homestead grove - the glade - night thomas walk into the surround Grove , past several glader already bedding down for the night , who eye he warily . he find a empty tree at the fringe . thomas collapse in the dirt , alone at last , he back against the rough trunk . he can still see the fire circle burnin in the clear and hear the laughter , shout , and cry of the other boy blow off steam all around he . then , from somewhere out in the maze , a pierce shriek cut through the night , the menace cry of some other - worldly creature . thomas ' eye water . but before a tear can fall , he wipe it away with he sleeve , and bury he head , exhaust . CUT to : ext . homestead grove - the glade - morning thomas 's Pov as he slowly awaken ... Bright light , splintering through the tree branch , which gradually come into focus . he sit up ... to find chuck stand right in front of he . chuck you be gonna miss the chow . Long day in the field without it ... thomas close he eye again . thomas damn . it be not a nightmare . * 12 . he pull himself up , stiff and aching . ext . homestead clearing - the glade - day the clear be buzzing with activity as the glader prepare for the day ahead of they . there 's a long line at winston 's cook shed . as thomas and chuck take they place at the back of it , all eye turn to minho enter the clear , lead the runners . they ignore the line and winston rush to serve they . then , the cook look up ... winston a little respect glader ? let 's hear it ! all the glader begin clap in unison , a tribute the runners barely acknowledge . over the pound noise ... thomas how do you become one ? a runner ? chuck you do not . right out of the box , they pull anyone with potential and make ‘em a bagger . like newt and atlas . six month enforce the law before they even give you a shot at it . minho and he man have finish collect they ration when suddenly , louder than the cheer , the blast of a loud , prolong horn .. chuck ( cont 'd ) that must be a mistake . thomas what 's it mean ? __ chuck the box be rise ... ext . the BOX - the glade - day from all over , glader race toward the box , a rectangular concrete bunker build into the earth , top with steel door . thomas follow chuck , who 's very excited ... thomas I do not get the big deal ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 13 . chuck it 's never come twice in a week . never . chuck and thomas stop directly across the box from alby , who , * today , be also dress like a runner . he look uneasy . beside alby be gally , newt , atlas and a crew of bagger . the ground vibrate , and there 's a high - pitch screech as the elevator rise into place . slowly , the ground split , and the door retract , open ... everyone surge forward , angle for a better look . this time there be no massive storage drum ... gally there ! in the corner ... only a small figure , curl up , face down . newt and atlas leap in . a quick beat and newt look up ... newt there 's something wrong ... * newt turn over the figure , try to pick he up . stop , freeze . * gally I say get he up here ! * atlas toss the figure to the surface . the glader gasp . thomas see ... it 's a teenage girl , sprawle out helpless at alby 's foot , shoulder - length hair obscure she feature , loose fitting clothes drape over she clearly feminine figure . thomas stare , captivate , from across the expanse of the open box . suddenly , the girl 's head turn toward he , revealing she face . thomas buckle over and ... flash to : ext . sidewalk - day ... the view from the street of a ordinary brick town House . through a gentle shower of white snowflake , framed_in the second - story window be the silhouette of a little girl , she face obscure by shadow .... prelap ... chuck ( 0.s. ) Thomas ! Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 14 . as we ... flash back to : ext . the BOX - the glade pei seek try to keep thomas from fall into the box elow thomas struggle to stand , as several glader stare at he , they attention draw by the commotion . thomas , confuse , reeling ... thomas still faint from yesterday ... across the box , gally have notice . thomas look away . meanwhile , the glader be buzzing as alby and gally examine * the girl at they foot , visibly unnerve by she presence . * she have a tag affix to she wrist . it read : '' she 's the * last one . ever . '' * gally look ashen as alby remove the tag and conceal it . a * long beat , then ... zack * let we get a look at she ! the glader erupt and surge toward the girl . alby and gally seem freeze , as newt try to push back the mob ... newt atlas ! atlas unholster he club , and several other bagger help form a perimeter around the girl . ari C ’mon ! we have all get a right ! finally alby snap out of it . he hold up he runner 's spear and erupt ... alby the right to choke on my blade if you come one step closer ! the glader stop cold , shocked by the threat . gally be still crouching beside the girl , focus only on * she , oblivious to the standoff . alby slowly compose himself . lower he weapon , almost embarrasse alby fcont 's ? ) D ) I would trade my life for any glader . every man here know that . ( more ) the crowd Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 15 . alby ( cont 'd ) and right now this girl deserve the same protection . buzze ... alby ( cont 'd ) when she wake up , we will find out what she know , if anything . * ( to gally ) take she to my quarter , under tuard , and make sure clint have a ook at she . ( to the glader ) today , I lead the runner into the maze . I expect a full day 's work from the rest of you ! a brief beat before anyone move , then ... zack alright . you hear he . * the crowd disperse but thomas stand watch the girl as * the bagger unfold a stretcher . * CUT to : ext . eastern field - the glade - later a pick slam violently into hard earth . thomas draw a deep breath and swing once more into the long drainage ditch he 's carve into the soil . * thomas where would they take she ? chuck near the map room . there 's a path from the homestead -- chuck stop himself ... chuck ( cont 'd ) wait . why ? you be not think ... thomas I need to see she . chuck it 's not allow ... thomas allow ? chuck gally will -- Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 16 . thomas wake up Chuck ! you do everything you be tell and how 's that work out for you ? chuck step back , a bit wounded . chuck some of they be jerk . I get that . but it have be worse without the law . thomas do not talk to I about the law ! they seem great for one thing : givin gally a excuse to be a asshole ! thomas be really rattle ... thomas ( cont ’d ) something happen back there , and I can not explain it . chuck what ? a beat , as thomas consider tell chuck what happen . then , the bell clangs_indicate the wall be about to begin close . the other field hand lay down they equipment . thomas maybe you should stay away from I . I do not wanna get you in any more trouble . thomas drop he pick and follow the crowd ... ext . east gate - the glade - dusk ..-- back to the East Gate , where most of the glader have gather to await alby and the runners . but as thomas push through the crowd , he notice the mood be grim . the bolt have extend from the wall , and the sky be once again darken . he look around and spots_all the runners , except one ... minho . also miss be alby . aron and the other crouch , peer out into the maze , wait . gally stand back , calm , detach from the air of crisis . thomas notice that newt , atlas , and all the bagger be also present . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 17 . newt no way they be just lose . not alby and minho. ( beat ) if they be not back now , it 's because they be goner ... one of the runners , aron , look to gally ... what if we wanna take we chance ? gally turn to newt ... gally the Gate . now . newt nod and the bagger spring to action , deploy in a line across the entrance to the maze , block the runners 's access . gally show no emotion ... gally eon D ) tomorrow the glade have to keep function . from inside the maze there 's a loud , pierce , human cry ... aron that 's gotta be they . they must be right around the corner ... ... and the runners surge forward . gally hold the line ! the bagger push back , and several begin to wrestle violently with the runners . then , that horrific ear-splitt shriek once again echoe . follow by ... alby ( 0.s. ) just go ! forget I ! at the sound of alby 's voice , aron dip low and flip newt over he back , make a dash for the maze . but before he can make it , gally floor he with a club to the stomach . thomas turn to find chuck beside he ... thomas ( incredulous ) they be just gonna let they die out there ?? thomas take a step closer to the melee and time slow ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 18 . he spot a open as gally and aron face -off , and walk toward the glade 's exit . now gally shout at he ... gally do not move another inch ! thomas pause . then , a whisper in he head ... girl ( 0.s. ) run , Thomas ... and thomas bolt , jeaping over gally and aron , and racing into the maze , just as the door slam shut behind he . ext . entrance corridor - east jungle - the maze - night thomas immediately turn around , face the close Gate , absorb what 's just happen . he can not hear a thing from inside the glade , or inside he head . it 's dead quiet . a beat , thomas swivel , back still against the Gate , and we get we first real look at the maze , ahead in the darkness ... a long , straight corridor , extend fifty yard in the distance . thomas admire the tower wall on either side of he . they be cover in a thick mess of leafy vine . thomas take a breath and move a few step forward . thomas alby ! minho ! his call reverberate , but there 's no answer . as thomas walk , he look up and notice some of the vine hang across the passage ahead , a web of growth , impossibly high above he . thomas reach the end of the corridor , and a t-intersection . in both direction , the passage turn out of sight after a short distance . he stop . then ... the rustle of something move cut through the silence . thomas , frantic , look both way ... another murmur ... grow louder . thomas be really panting . he make a choice and head right , round the corner into another corridor which seem to extend indefinitely . whatever be move be now right behind he ... he start to run , stumbling , as he look back over he shoulder . now , he 's sprinting , the sound of he pound heart and heaving breath drown out everything . then suddenly ... he 's tackled ... slammed into the Wall , and pin there . a hand 's over he mouth , and he 's stare eye - to - eye at minho . minho ( whisper ) not a sound , you hear I ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 19 . thomas , stunne , manage to nod . minho remove he hand and back slowly across the corridor to a open thomas have not notice . minho duck through the overgrowth , and thomas follow ... ext . east jungle circle - the maze ... step into a circular chamber , thirty - foot in diameter . there be arched doorway lead off it in every direction . propped in one corner be alby , a massive gash on he forehead , torso hang forward , limp , unconscious . thomas be he -- ? minho crack he skull . out cold , but still breathe . you be the new kid , be not you ? thomas yeah . minho what the hell happen ? thomas no one be go to help . I think -- minho you do this on purpose ? minho can not believe it . minho ( cont ’d keep you mouth shut and do what I say . ( beat , to himself ) I need to think ... from somewhere out in the maze , another shriek , the loudest yet ... minho think a beat , then throw alby over he shoulder . without say a word , he take off through one of the exit ... thomas look at all the identical doorway , consider he option . decide to follow ... ext . internal corridor one - east jungle - the maze thomas run to catch up with minho who 's move as fast as he can down a corridor ... thomas let I help you with alby .... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 20 . minho ignore he ... minho we be sit duck in the jungle ... thomas what 's out there ? minho I tell you to keep quiet . they approach another t-intersection . minho put alby down and covertly sneak a glance in both direction . then , from somewhere close , they hear that pierce shriek ... reverberate ... minho ( cont ’d ) it 's like it have we scent or something ... minho think and then look down at alby . make a decision . minho ( cont ’d ) we leave he . thomas huh ? minho chance be we be all dead anyway . we split up , give the griever three different target . thomas the griever ? thomas look down at alby , helpless ... thomas ( cont ’d but , be not he you frien minho grab thomas by the shirt , furious ... minho his rule : escape be all that matter ! as minho move to go , thomas see the tangle of vine above he . have a idea ... thomas wait ! but minho have already disappear around the corner . thomas be alone , and for a moment all be quiet . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 21 . thomas look back toward the circular room , where they come from . and then , another shriek ... thomas turn around to the Wall and start tear vine away , frantic . thomas find a thick vine and pull down , put as much weight on it as possible . High above , somewhere in the darkness , it stay anchore . he grab a adjacent vine and now turn to alby , secure the injure boy against he back . then , he start ulimb .:. thomas struggle with each inch , hand over hand , find foothold in the stone behind the ivy . he 's only five foot off the ground , when , another shriek , and ... the '' griever '' seem to be get closer . thomas scramble faster ... drag alby on he back , higher and higher . until he slip ... slide half the distance back to the floor ... and come face - to- face with ... two red , demonic eye peer out from the darkness . thomas , paralyze , can barely make out the creature in the shadow . and , then ... the griever 's entire body roll into a ball and catapult forward ... hanging on desperately , alby 's weight pull he back , thomas now brace he foot against the Wall , and find himself at a angle , like he 's repelling . the griever be close ... holding onto the vine , thomas run up the Wall ... as the griever pass just underneath he . the griever uncoil , spin around and let 's out a blood - curdle shriek ... another ten foot up , thomas look down over he shoulder . and see the griever slithering up the Wall straight toward he ... thomas ( cont 'd ) great . thomas look up again -- think about try to outrun it -- then down , and see the griever be already halfway to he . thomas turn to alby , who 's limp body just dangle in the vine . a beat , as thomas confront what he 's about to do . he look hard at alby ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 22 . thomas ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) I try . I be sorry . now thomas focus back on the approach griever . it 's ten foot away ... five foot away ... and its stinger slowly unfold ... just at it 's about to strike , thomas leap off the Wall , simultaneous slide down the vine that he 's hold ... he land hard , roll into the dirt , and slamm into the far Wall . he look down at he hand , both chafe raw , and up at the griever . the griever have stop , still cling to the Wall , a foot below alby . before it can react , thomas take off run ... ext . various corridor - east jungle - the maze -.. around the corner in the same direction minho follow , but there 's no sign of he . thomas sprint , follow the corridor 's serpentine path , turn after turn after turn , until ... ext . dead end corridor - east jungle - continuous girl ( 0.s. ) Thomas ... he trip , stumbling to the ground ... girl ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) when I wake up I will not remember . thomas rise to a crouch , he eye darting in every direction ... girl ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we have to save they . now , thomas be totally panicked , stand up , spin in every direction ... thomas what ... the hell ... be happen ??? thomas stand still , and for a long moment , there 's silence . thomas get he bearing : he 's at the center of another T - intersection . to he eft , fifty yard down , the passage end in a arched doorway . to he right , fifty yard down , be a solid wall with no outlet . then , from behind he ... + Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 23. minho never stop move ! thomas , startle , turn to see minho jogging toward he ... * thomas * do you hear that voice ? * minho look at he like he 's nut ... minho keep it together . * suddenly , dust kick up all around they and the Wall ahead * drift sideways , take the doorway with it ... * minho ( cont / D ) piece of the maze shift every night ! one of the reason it 's be so hard to solve it ... they turn to see the Wall at the far end of the corridor also slide . minho shout over the now thundering noise ... minho ( cont ’d ) stay ! minho run toward the dead end . he 's almost to it when ... the griever careen into the middle of the corridor , separate thomas from minho . it shriek ... look both way , then turn toward thomas . thomas stare at it , no place to run . minho look back ... minho ( cont ’d ) Holy sh - -! but he cry be drown out by the deafen rumble of the wall 's movement . the griever curl up and take off toward thomas ... who pause a beat , then sprint directly toward it ... it 's a game of chicken as the distance close . then , just as it look like thomas might run head - on into the griever ... he cut to he leave ... and run along the Wall , perpendicular to the ground , until he 's past it ... the griever spin to follow ... * ahead , minho be s*reveat wildly . the Wall at the once dead end have shift to reveal a new doorway , but the open be fast slide out of view ... thomas sprint , the griever directly behind he ... * just as the griever be about to catch they , thomas and minho leap through the disappear doorway ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 24 . ext . boulder room - the maze - continuous ..- landing hard on a irregular , rocky surface . * a loud shriek as the griever 's head be squeeze , and the Wall * come off its track , come to a stop . the pin griever violently thrust its stinger at thomas and minho , who scramble out of range . for a beat , they stare at its red eye , which seem to be study they . '' and then , the griever gather all its strength and pull back , disappear into the darkness . finally , it 's quiet . both minho and thomas slowly peel themselves up . a long beat , as minho study thomas ... minho that be a nice move back there . * thomas nod , numb with fear and exhaustion . he look around and see they be in a enclose space the size of two football field . it 's fill with black , volcanic boulder , some pile high , other scattered alone like they be forget . minho notice thomas take it in ... minho ( cont ’d ) Chambers and corridor get bigger the farther out from the glade you go . thomas so , you know where we be ? minho roughly . we map this section pretty regularly . and then minho realize ... minho ( cont ’d ) but this room 's always be close off to we . thomas gesture back to the disabled Wall behind they ... thomas not anymore . * ext . boulder room - the maze - later minho and thomas carefully traverse the blacken rock , now halfway toward the far wall . thomas be it some kind of animal ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 25 . minho everyone 's get a theory . another few step , then minho stop dead . a round cloud of mist float up and hang in the air , swirl . and then , vroom ! it explode in a burst of FIRE , and thomas recoil from the rush of heat . minho ( cont ’d ) just watch for the gas cloud . you have a couple second before they be ignite . thomas how do you come out here every day ? minho keep walk . he 's spot a small archway ahead , not on the ground , but twenty foot up the Wall , like some kind of window . minho now , that 's a first ... minho lead thomas up a nearby hill of boulder , climb till they have reach the porthole . minho pull himself up on the ledge and thomas come up beside he . thomas 's Pov ... below they be a long , narrow room unlike the other corridor of the maze . every surface be smooth and polished . thomas what 's down there ? minho no idea . never see anything -- and , then in the darkness , the griever slither directly below they . thomas and minho hold they breath , but the creature keep move disappear at the other end of the passage . thomas and minho slowly exhale . thomas that lead to another part of the maze ? minho start climb down ... minho we will check it out tomorrow . right now , it look like we pull offa miracle . it 's almost morning ... thomas take one last look at the strange corridor and turn to follow . + Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 26 . ext . internal corridor one - east jungle - the maze - dawn the sky above the maze have begin to glow with the early light of dawn . thomas and minho come jogging down the corridor where thomas leave alby , fruitlessly scan the vine above they . they be about to give up when ... thomas there ! minho look to where thomas be point . alby 's foot be barely visible through the vegetation . but it 's still . minho at least it do not drag away he body . then , from above ... ___ alby ( faint ) minute ... minho look at thomas . he can not believe it . minho alby ! and minho start climb ... ext . east gate - the glade - morning the Wall 's bolt retract , and they slowly split open , revealing ... alby drape between minho and thomas , he gash still ooze , barely conscious . gally be wait just inside the glade , along with newt , atlas , clint and the other runners . gally I do not believe it ... the runners rush to help carry alby . they lay alby down and gather around . clint approach carry a strange crystal tube ... minho he 's not stung . you can put away the serum . clint nod and slide the tube back into he satchel . he kneel and examine alby ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 27 . clint the cut 's not as bad as it look , but we gotta get he to a bed ... gally ( to aron ) you hear he ! aron , still steaming from the altercation the night before , make a point of first look to minho , who nod he assent . only then do the runners begin load alby onto a stretcher . minho when he 's settle , regroup in the map room . as the runners lift alby and begin carry he off , clint pass thomas who stand daze , unsure what to do . clint incredible . a night in the maze . and a field Hand 's one of the first to survive it ... thomas try to smile , appreciative . and then ... gally signal newt , who roughly grab thomas by the arm ... thomas hey ! ... draw minho 's attention ... minho what be you do ? gally start limping away , no interest in argue . gally he violate the law and enter the maze. ( to Thomas ) you be go to the pit until we decide what to do with you . minho can not believe it ... minho after what happen out there ? he save alby 's life ! gally stop to face minho ... gally I be call the shot right now . and the law will be enforce . for all we know , he make it worse , angere the griever ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 28 . minho when alby hear ... he will never allow this ! gally explode ... gally alby 's get much bigger problem ! beat ) the girl 's the beginning of something . and the greenie ... you be all too arrogant to see what 's happen ! minho grab gally and pull he close ... minho I remember what you do in the first day . alby and I may be the only one 's leave who do . but that be a long time ago . and I be start to think the guy be right . '' you belong in a asylum . finally ... thomas please ! both of you ! gally and minho turn to he . a beat , then , thomas look at gally ... thomas ( cont 'd ) you do not trust I for some reason . Fine . ( beat ) then I assume you will not care if I die look for a way out of here . to minho ... thomas ( cont 'd ) I want to be a runner . int . the pit - the glade - later a cell door slam shut on thomas . he watch as newt disappear down the corridor , then look around at_the other , empty cell ringing this small cavern deep in the pit . at the very back of the room , thomas notice a enclosure that look different . behind two layer of extra-thick fencing , stack side - by-side ... more of that crystal tube clint be carry . thomas stare at the crystal , and for a brief moment , as the candlelight fall at the right angle , he catch a glimpse of he own fracture reflection . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 29 . he shift position , try t to '' recapture he first distort look at he own face , when . chuck ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) hey ... bring you some dinner . chuck stand with a plate of food and a canteen of water . thomas back away from the bar . thomas how have you get in here ? chuck told the guard I screw up and draw clean - up duty . ( beat , with a smile ) he believéd I . thomas also smile . chuck slide the food through the bar and sit down in the hallway . as thomas dig in , starve ... thomas thanks . that thing I say , yesterday -- chuck you be blow off steam . that 's what friend aré for , be not it ? ( beat ) and the girl 's still in some kind of coma . in case you be wonder . all be forgiven . thomas absorb this and then nod , appreciative . thomas eat some more , but chuck can " hardly contain himself . chuck ( cont 'd ) so ? what be it like ? from the day I get here , all I have be hearing about be the maze . I can not believe you have be inside it ... for the first time , thomas really reflect ... thomas I would not have make it without minho . but the funny thing be ... it all feel familiar . beat I thine 3f ) pelong out there somehow . chuck no one belong out there . that 's ridiculous . thomas think a moment . thomas what if we be here because we do something terrible ? Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 30 . chuck what could we have do to get this kind of punishment ? chuck bow he head , clearly upset by the suggestion and thomas immediately regret it . upbeat now ... thomas what do you imagine Chuck ? when you think of home ? chuck do not look up ... chuck | . it 's so hard to picture anything . I guess ... a Mom and dad who order I around . tell I to clean up , take a bath , eat my supper . ( beat ) you know ... just two people who love I ... chuck 's voice break and thomas reach through the bar , squeezing he arm in comfort . thomas Chuck , last night , I think we find something . important . fade out . fade in : ext . the pit - the next morning thomas step out of the pit into the morning light , squinting as he eye adjust . minho be wait . thomas Guard tell I I could go ... what happen ? minho alby want you . CUT to : ext . alby' dwelling a large multi-room structure , woven through the branch of the glade 's large banyan . it stand alone , in a separate clear , north of the homestead . * Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 31 . int . hallway - alby' dwelling thomas follow minho down a long hallway inside alby 's dwelling . he pass a close door , and feel compel to stop outside it . minho be a few step ahead , and thomas check to see no one else be watch . he push the door slightly open ... ..-.- and find theresa in bed , still unconscious . thomas stand freeze , and then suddenly ... flash to : ext . outdoor holding pen - day .».. once again , that little boy stare at the silhouette of the little girl in that second -story window . one of the fall white flake catch in the boy 's eye . he wipe it away , leave a black streak across he cheek . it 's not snow . it 's ash . and then suddenly , the girl be pull out of view . a older woman , she mother , look down at the boy with a stern glare and the boy take off run ... int . kitchen ..- arrive , out of breath , in a small kitchen which appear to have be ransacke . his father be frantically stuff canned food and aluminum wrap ENERGY bar into a suitcase throw open on the dining table . he look up ... father where the hell have you be ?! boy I want to say goodbye ... a beat , as he father look furious , about to explode . instead , he pull the boy close and smother he in a hug . father you will see each other again . they be take all the kid from the neighborhood to the same Camp . +e hf * % % + eh Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 32 . boy and , we be all come home in a few month anyway , right ? the father look at the boy , profound sadness in he eye . father right . just in time for soccer . flash back to : thomas . his heart now pound . he have no idea how many second have pass during he vision , but minho be now at the other end of the hallway . thomas close the door as minho bark ... minho c’mon ! do not keep he wait . int . study - alby' dwelling alby 's stand at he window , he head bandage , look out over the glade . he turn to face thomas , and it 's immediately clear he have no plan to say thank you . alby what do I tell you ? thomas do not know how to reply ... alby ( cont 'd ) we have law here . ( beat ) but you choose to ignore they . thomas I be try to help ... alby study thomas . alby as much as gally would like , we can not keep you lock up forever . and with all that 's go on , the last thing I need be you loose in the glade look for trouble . thomas turn to minho ... * * +e hf % Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 33 . minho you show promise out there . good instinct . but right now , you be still a liability . thomas do this mean - -? alby you be a maze runner , Thomas . ( beat ) do not make I regret this . off thomas face , both nervous and excited ... int . gear locker ... the gear locker -- a small equipment shed -- where minho hand thomas a spear ... minho for self - defense only . if you have to use it , you be probably a dead man anyway . «..canteen ... minho ( cont / D ) runner get extra ration of water , so no excuse for dehydration ... .+- and a lump of charcoal , which thomas eye skeptically ... minho ( cont 'd ) trust I . minho keep move .. int . map room -+- to the map room , a large cabin line with cubby hole around the periphery . each cubby be overflow with roll scroll of parchment . minho grab one and unroll it on the large center table .. it 's a map of the maze ... a massive circle that surround the glade , lead in with a mess of line , dash , and unexplored blank space . minho we nve be look for a way out since we get here . ( beat ) as you have see , first ring of the maze be jungle . glade 's surround by it . + eh + eh * + Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 34 . as minho continue .. ext . jungle corridor - the maze - day thomas , now in he full runner 's gear , race after minho down a long 's jungle corridor ... minho ( v.o . ) take we a few week to find the right path , but we discover that 's only a warm - up ... ext . desert corridor - the maze ...- into a even wider passage of shimmer sand ... minho ( v.o. ) North of the jungle be the desert . like run through a oven . thomas stumble , drip in sweat and minho pause . minho Sand radiate heat somehow . minho pour a drop of water on the ground and it steam . minho ( cont 's D whatever you do , do not fall . shoe have protective sole , but if you stand still for too long , they 's 1l burn also . thomas look down and lift up he foot , instinctively . then follow minho , who take off run ... ext . grassland corridor - the maze ... through thick grass that tower above he ... minho ( v.o. ) think we catch a break when we find a way East to the grassland ... ( beat ) but hide among the harmless stalk be this lovely bush . minho have stop beside a low - grow plant that look like a thorn BUSH . thomas ouch . minho ouch be not the half of it . + es Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 35 . minho prod the BUSH with he spear and the entire plant snap close like a bear trap . thomas I 'il watch where I step . minho nod and push ahead through the grass ... ext . stone corridor - the maze ...- into seemingly empty corridor of flat , smooth stone ... minho ( v.o. ) kept press clockwise and find this playground ... minho let loose ... leaping and bounce between the bare surface ... minho ( v.o. ) easy to run ... thomas try a back - flip off the wall . - nearly crash into minho , who step out of the way , place one foot on a darken patch of ground ... minho except where the floor fall out from under you . ..- which plummet into a bottomless oblivion . thomas peak over the edge ... minho ( cont ’d ) breakaway section be a shade darker . minho and thomas step around the hole , and start run again ... ext . boulder corridor - the maze .+- into a long corridor full of boulder . minho ( v.o. ) and , finally , in the West , as you know , the boulder . as a flame burst ignites in front of they , minho cut into a intersect hallway , and stop . thomas come up behind he , hunch over and heaving . minho smile . take out he charcoal , and put a '' X '' next to the door they just come through ... Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) minho use you charcoal to mark you route . like bread crumb . as thomas struggle for breath ... minho ( cont 'd ) have a seat . thomas collapse to the ground . thomas it go on forever .. minho once_we realize it be a bi circle , we have focus on move out from the glade as far as possible . but we have hit a dead - end in almost every direction . ( beat ) of course with the wall move , the maze look a little different every day . for all we know , the route to go farther just have not open up yet . thomas shake he head ... thomas not that we have notice ... at this pace it 's all a blur . minho no choice . the griever 's most active at night . but even in daylight , it 'il hunt down we if we do not keép move . ( beat ) and that 's why we memorize what we see and record it in on the map . so we can look for new path we might have miss while we be out ere . thomas take a long sip of water . thomas so what now ? minho the other guy be push ahead in the grassland . it 's the one section where we have not hit a outer limit . but you and I ... thomas get up ... __ thomas ; be go to follow the griever . oe ee Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 37 . minho smile . ext . dead end corridor - east jungle - afternoon thomas trail minho toward the open leave by the disabled Wall . they crouch through ... ext . boulder room - continuous sigomerge in the large Boulder room , and head toward the elevate archway . ext . boulder room - the maze at the top of the boulder pile minho pause and turn to thomas ... minho we ’‘re here to see where this lead . but first sign of the beast , we back out . get it ? thomas nod . minho remove he backpack and take out a long rope , anchore it in the rock . he throw it through the archway . ext . griever 's exit corridor - the maze thomas and minho lower themselves into the tong , narrow corridor . at one end , they notice a seam in the floor ... minho this must be how it access the maze . Ground open in here and somewhere on the other side of that wa but thomas be focus on the opposite end of the passage ... thomas that way ... that 's where it be head ... minho and thomas 223 to the end of the corridor ... and the entrance to some kind of tunnel . they stop , peer into the darkness . before minho can object , thomas start walk ... int . griever tunnel -.. through pitch black , hold onto the curve wall for balance , until he can see light creep into the tunnel ahead of he . thomas call back ... Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) thomas c'mon ! it open up ! .-- and start move faster ... behind he , minho be make he way forward ... minho ( 0.s. ) hold on ! 38 . and then , minho 's Pov ... thomas silhouett in the round , bright open of the tunnel 's exit . thomas pause a beat ... thomas wow ... and step out into the light . int . study - alby' dwelling CUT to : alby sit behind a massive desk carve out of a tree trunk . he 's study several map of the maze , and finger the note that arrive with theresa . gally come to the doorway . gally alby -- but he 's cut short ... alby how many year have we be at this ? gally sense alby be lose in he own head ... gally too many . alby some of this kid ... they be child when they come out of the box . I tell they the maze be the way home . I tell they to trust I . ( beat ) I be lose they . I can sense it . gally a real man have the courage to change course . it 's not too late . but it will be . not the response alby be look for . he snap out of he reverie . + Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 39 . alby what do you want , gally ? a long beat , as the old friend study each other . gally the girl seem to be waking up . and she 's mumble a name ... alby wait , on edge ... gally ( cont 'd ) Thomas . CUT to : ext . slot canyon alcove thomas stand in the dusty alcove of a magnificent slot canyon , the smooth , undulate wall rise high above he . Passages snake off in every direction , bound by twist , light tan wall . thomas take it in , as minho emerge from the tunnel behind he , also captivate . minho this be no better than the rest of the maze . this canyon could take month to navigate ... there be six different chasm head off in different direction ... minho ( cont ’d ) I guess we work ‘em leave to right . but thomas be stare at the ground and head for one of the passage in the center ... thomas do you see this ? minho what ? there be light streak on the ground , barely visible , leave by something slithering across the soft , talc - like surface ... thomas | bread crumb . griever style ... ext . crevice one - the canyon - the maze thomas and minho follow the trail in the sand leave by the griever ... Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 40 . jogging through the snake passage , they pass under a massive rock overhang ... Leap up onto a series of rise ... slide sideways through a narrow bottleneck ... ext . griever cavern - the canyon .-- and finally emerge in front of a massive Cavern . thomas and minho slow down and cautiously approach the open rock face in front of they . as they walk closer , a faint hum grounds louder ... minho brandish he spear . thomas do also ... then , across the bottom lip of the Cavern , two red eye emerge from the darkness . the griever . minho start back away ... minho end of the road , Thomas . and then ... another set of red eye appear , four total . minho ( cont 'd ) what the --? and ... two griever slither forward , barely visible in the shadow . they pulsate , ten foot in front of minho and thomas ... ; thomas do you know it have a brother ? minho shake he head . thomas ( cont 'd ) well , that 's bad news then . thomas think a_beat , then hurl he spear like a javelin . it bounce harmlessly off the first griever . minho really ? thomas shrug : '' Worth a try ? '' he and minho take off run ... back through the bottleneck ... which the griever squeeze through effortlessly ... vault back down the rise ... at the bottom look back to see the two griever , a dark blur , rolling after they ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 41 . and take the corner of the snake passage by kick off the wall , parkour-style ... int . griever tunnel finally , they dive into the tunnel , scramble through the dark , when they hear the shriek of they pursuer in unison .. as the terrible sound overcome they , thomas and minho cover they ear , stumble to a halt , freeze in terror . then thomas glance back ... thomas ( incredulous ) they be stop ... at the threshold of the tunnel , the griever sit , they stinger extend and retract in what seem like a warning . minho take a breath . look at thomas ... minho you get the message ? he do not . minho ( cont ’d ) that canyon belong to they . off - limit . ext . entrance corridor - east jungle - the maze - dusk minho and thomas jog back toward the glade , the late afternoon sun fade . as they approach the Gate , they see newt , wait . int . hallway - alby' dwelling minho and thomas , still in they runner 's gear , now follow newt through alby 's dwell ... thomas there must be some mistake ... newt ( sarcastic ) yeah . she mean the other Thomas . newt stop at the bedroom door and gesture for they to enter . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 42 . int . bedroom - alby' dwelling - continuous the girl , she face streak with tear , be sit up ina cot . gally stand against the wall , alby be beside she alby meet theresa ... thomas be transfix as theresa turn to the doorway slowly , still groggy : her eye be slightly downcast as she gaze settles on he , and thomas be draw into she sad visage . for a beat , they be the only two people in the room . but gally be eager .. gally you recognize he ? theresa I do not know why , but ... it 's the voice thomas have be hearing in he head ... theresa ( cont ’d ) how do I know you ? thomas hesitates . thomas I -- the stare intensify . alby . gally . minho . and thomas make a decision ... thomas ( cont 'd ) I have no idea who she be . ( beat ) nothing about she be familiar . for a beat , he denial hang there . theresa seem hurt , confuse ... theresa that can not be true . ( beat ) I be sure ... thomas ignore she , look pleadingly to the other man ... thomas I swear ! my mind 's a blank slate , just like the rest of you . then harshly , back to theresa ... thomas ( cont 'd ) why be you do this ? theresa lean forward , grow in anger ... 43 . theresa I just wake up alone , surround b : guy in some kind of nightmare wit no memory ... you name be the_only thing in my head ! I can not help that ! alby ease she back on the pillow ... alby calm down , please . I know this be overwhelming . gally step forward ... gally I say the greenie 's lie . he 's be hide something from the beginning ! we need to lock he back up until we get to the bottom of this ! thomas be about to defend himself , when ... alby that 's enough ! alby glare at gally , then turn to thomas ... alby ( cont 'd ) ( to Thomas ) this can not be a coincidence . you need to think long and hard how it 's possible . eat , to theresa ) both of you . gally , enraged , storm out of the room . a beat , as the other watch he go , and alby and minho share a concerned look . then ... minho I have get more bad news . ( beat ) the griever ... it 's not alone out there . there be two of they . alby 's eye go wide , but before he can respond , newt come to the door . he sneak a curious glance at theresa , who look away embarrassed . alby what ? newt Zack and some of the guy be head this way . they have hear the girl 's awake . theresa look to alby , frighten . he assure she ... Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 44 , alby you be perfectly safe here . I promise . get some rest , and we will talk more tomorrow . alby get up and approach newt . alby ( cont 'd ) take atlas and the other bagger to head they off . anyone step foot in my clear , beat they unconscious . alby walk out , brush past thomas . theresa look at thomas again , she expression plead . a beat , then he turn he back and walk out on she . ext . homestead grove - night thomas walk through the tree with chuck , who 's update he on the latest gossip ... chuck everyone 's say she ask for you by name ! how 's that possible ? thomas shake he head , disgust ... thomas it 's not . ( beat ) this guy really have nothing better to do than spread rumor ? chuck try to assure he now ... chuck do not worry . they be all just jealous . ( beat ) so , be you gonna paint I a picture of this girl ? thomas she 's pretty . I already say she be pretty . chuck that 's not real specific . first real woman -- ever ! do you get close enough to touch she 's suddenly , thomas and then chuck stop in he track . haunted eye peer out from the shadow all around they . they be surround by the change boy . thomas whisper to chuck ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 45 . thomas now you wanna tell I what 's wrong with this guy ? chuck stammer ... chuck they be all stung by the griever . serum save they life , but ... thomas look at he ... chuck ( cont 'd ) they say it 's like you inside be melting . for hour . Three of the change boy step forward , circle thomas . thomas go back to the homestead , Chuck . chuck hesitates . thomas put on a brave face ... thomas ( cont 'd ) I will be fine . remember , I be the guy who survive the griever . chuck reluctantly assent and take off toward safety . ext . gally 's grove - night the change boy march thomas through a dark empty field in a isolate corner of the glade . there 's a dense Grove ahead , in front of which lie a massive overturn tree , rotting away slowly ... the change boy shove thomas through the tangle of root ... ext . gally clearing - continuous .-- into a open clear that back against the glade 's northern Wall ... where it look like someone 's be prepare for armageddon . gally stand before a series of defensive fortification -- angle spike point out of shallow ditch -- laid out in concentric circle around a_ round yurt - like structure , build against the base of the Wall . gally like what I have do with the place ? thomas watch the change boy walk past gally through the armament and disappear into the shelter . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 46 . thomas you live here with they ? ( beat ) I guess insanity 's contagious ... gally clarity be , greenie . ( beat ) but whatever you call it , I pick it up the old fashioned way . + a beat , as thomas realize .. * gally ( cont 'd ) the griever nearly take off my leg , the wound be so deep . I be the third man to drink the serum . * ( beat ) * I assume I would wind up like the rest . shatter . mute . unable to do anything but wander aimlessly with the animal . ( beat ) I still do not know why I be different . thomas gather himself ... thomas congratulation on be only half a freak . ( beat ) I still do not know what you want from I ... gally * I see thing during the change . thing I can not forget . gally step toward thomas , now freeze ... gally ( cont 'd ) alby say they be fantasy . hallucination that would only distract we . and to be fair , they be only splinter fragment ... beat but , I believe they be memory . and , now , I be sure of it . because you be there . thomas 's blood go cold as he consider whether gally could be tell the truth . a pause , then ... gally ( cont 's D ) but you be not suffer like the rest of we . you be different , Thomas . thomas erupt ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 47 . thomas I be do -- but gally suddenly grab thomas by both shoulder with a unexpected strength and ferocity . a madness , brews just beneath the surface ... gally I will not allow you to cause more harm than you have already . the glade may be imperfect , but it 's we only refuge . and you stunt be threaten all of we ! ( beat ) you can deny it_all you want , but you and the girl be connect . and you be here to betray we . CUT to : int . bedroom - alby 's dwelling - the next morning Light stream into the bedroom where theresa slowly awaken . she look around , get she bearing , and slide she leg off the cot , sit up slowly . theresa see the door be close , and she walk to the room 's one window . theresan Pov ... she first look at the glade : the small , empty clear around alby 's dwelling . two brutish bagger , they back to she , be idly on guard . theresa 's lip begin to tremble , and it look like she might cry again , when ... alby ( 0.s. ) feeling better ? theresa gather herself , before turn around , she arm cross , defensive . theresa how long do you plan to keep I here ? alby if you mean the glade , you be no more trap than the rest of we . as for this room , that 's why I be here ... to invite you to breakfast . alby smile warmly . ext . jungle corridor - the maze - day thomas and minho run alongside each other ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 48 . thomas be we really not gonna talk about this ? minho talk about what ? thomas what the girl say .. minho do not even look at he . sincere but abrupt ... minho you do not know she . I believe you . thomas and gally ? minho ignore he . thomas ( cont : D ) the guy 's nut ... why do alby even put up with he ? minho stop abruptly . minho alb would be dead if it be not for ga ( beat ) we all would . gally be the first man brave enough to come out here . and before he get stung , he teach I everything I know about the maze . everything . thomas study the guilt and sadness on minho 's face . but before thomas can say anything , minho suddenly take off again . thomas sigh , frustrated , and sprint to keep up with he ... ext . homestead clearing - the glade - day alby , play proud tour guide , lead theresa through the homestead clear . they be trail closely by newt , on guard for they . alby as you can see , it 's a simple arrangement , everyone do they part to keep the place function . theresa look around , take it all in , and try to avoid eye-contact with the few pass glader who stop to gawk at she . 49 . theresa keeping this many guy under control ? I would not call that simple ... alby laugh . alby well , the early day be not tty . pre ( beat ) we be constantly fight over the water , could ka aly manage to harvest the crop that be grow . alby 's genuinely upset as he remember ... alby ( cont 'd ) third month , I be walk near the West Gate and see this tiny figure near the bush . it 's this kid , joshua . could not have be older than twelve . his neck be break . kill in a brawl between two group of guy over a soft spot to bed down on . theresa blanch ... alby ( cont 'd ) so , I get organize , put an_end to the nonsense . ever since , I have keep everyone focus on one thing ... find a way out of here . theresa consider alby with a new warmth in she eye , draw to he ... theresa and now I show up ... ( beat ) one big distraction . before alby can reassure she , she reach out , put a hand on he arm . theresa ( cont ’d ) thank you for help I . alby nearly blushes . a charge beat , before she break contact . theresa think a moment . then ... theresa ( cont ’d not sure how much use I will be in the field but you say there be map of this maze ? alby nod ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 50 . theresa ( cont ’d ) Fresh set of eye could not hurt , could it ? int . map room - the glade alby hold open the door to the map room , and theresa enter . he walk to a cubby and pull out three roll , unfurl they side - by-side on the center table . alby this be all different section of the maze , on the same da we line they up , look for new path between they , any route that might get we closer to the outside edge and hopefully a exit ... theresa be fascinate by the image before she , run she finger along the line 's on the page , like they be somehow familiar . theresa you mind if I stay here for a while ? alby I have study this for year . I promise I have not miss anything . theresa finally look up ... theresa I do not mean that ... but this seem like a safe place to hide out . beat ) besides , who know what else be rattling around my head besides the name of a boy who 's never meet I ? ext . grassland corridor - the maze - day thomas and minho have stop for a quick water break inside a grassy corridor . they be mid-argument ... thomas I be tell you we should go back to the cave . there could be something inside there ! minho yeah , I be guess two giant predator with poisonous stinger . beat ) we ’‘re look for a exit , not new way to die . minho close he canteen , the discussion finish . + 51 . minho ( cont ’d ) C ’mon . for all we know , the way out 's right around the corner . int . map room - the glade theresa stand at the center table , which be now crowded with parchment scroll spread all over . she run she hand through er hair , and sit back on a stool , overwhelm . alby knock and enter ... alby ready to give up ? theresa smile ... a breeze blow through the open door and send some of the map float off the table . theresa I be so sorry ... theresa kneel to collect they and alby rush over to help she ... alby do not worry . they be all label ... but theresa have stop gotiect they . the one parchment she 's hold be catch in the late afternoon sunlight , rendering it nearly translucent . theresa stand up slowly , lose in think . she lay the parchment on top of another map on the table . some of the ine match in both version , form thicker section when the two map be hold together . theresa concentrate intensely . alby rise beside she ... alby ( cont 'd ) be you remember something else ? theresa not exactly ... then , there 's another knock . it 's newt ... newt we have a problem . the box rise , this time on schedule . alby and ? newt it 's completely empty . no storage drum . nothing . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 52 . alby consider this . alby how long can we last ? newt before we die of thirst , or before there 's a rebellion ? ext . homestead clearing - the glade - day a grow mob of glader be gather around winston 's cook shed , shouting and jeer . zack be at the center ... zack ; unlock the shed or my guy will bust it apart ! winston 's resolve be founder , and the two bagger at he side look ready to cut and run ... winston c’mon Zack ... alby 's gonna know what to do ... zack he 's lead we down a dead end ! time to wake - up win ! we gotta fend for ourselves ... the mob roar in agreement ... winston whaddaya want with it anyway ? zack I have get a spare tank in the field and I have my guy shutting down all the aqueduct . ( beat ) we gotta right to know where we stand . all of we . winston look ready to relent , when ... alby ( 0.s. ) there 's less than a quarter tank in the cook shed . the mob turn to see alby , newt and atlas . alby ( cont 'd ) which be why I have keep a reserve . a brief wave of relief move through the crowd . then ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 53 . alby ( cont 'd ) that , plus what 's leave in the field will last we another few week . a month if we be lucky . the mob take this like a punch in the gut . zack so that 's where all you law lead we ... starve like dog ! thomas and minho now come upon the edge of the gather , as the mob grow louder ... zack ( cont 'd ) you have be lie to we from the start ! minho move closer to the action . thomas be about follow when ... gally step out of the crowd . gally it 's not he fault ! ( beat ) not yet , anyway . alby giare , ready to unleash the line of bagger mass behind he . gally ( cont 'd ) we be all victim here . victim of the traitor send to destroy we ! thomas be still on the fringe of the crowd . he see where this be head and back out of the clear , unnotice . ext . map room - the glade thomas jog up to the map room , where one bagger stand by the door , anxious . thomas they need you at the homestead . bagger but ... alby say to watch the girl -- thomas I 'il watch she . the bagger look at thomas , still in he runner 's gear ... thomas ( cont 'd ) you ever want to carry a spear out there , get move ! there 's about to be a riot ! the bagger hesitates , and then take off run ... 54 . int . map room - the glade theresa have put together several stack of map on the central table . she look up , startle to see thomas ... theresa you .. she start back away ... thomas please . we need to talk . theresa where 's the guard ? alby say -- thomas theresa ... I be sorry . theresa stop retreate but be still skeptical ... thomas ( cont 'd ) I be not sure how ... but you be right . ( beat ) I do know you . his admission sink in for both of they . theresa wait for he to elaborate ... thomas ( cont 'd ) when they pull you out of the box ... I realize right awa in fact , I have some kind of for ash . ( beat ) I might have see where we come from . theresa can not believe what she 's hearing ... theresa what ? where ??? thomas finally want to get it all out ... thomas ( rambling ) it 's not that simple . we be just little kid , but I think I see you mother . and my father . something be wrong and we be go away ... theresa you be not make any sense ... thomas I know . none of it do . and before you wake up . I hear you voice in my head . it 's like we mind be connect ! his rambling only make she confuse , angry ... theresa we mind ... like telepathy ? beat that ! e esnpossible . I do not remember anything ... he 's stop . and then she realize ... theresa ( cont 'd ) yesterday , why do not you just say something ??? thomas we can not tell they yet . it 's too dangerous . now , she 's really shocked . theresa dangerous ?? thomas we do not even know what it mean ... they have be here three year and not . ing change . then , we show up and it 's all fall apart ! 55 . thomas stop , take a breath . take a few step closer to theresa . with a softer tone ... thomas ( cont 'd ) there 's a guy outside right now , gally , try to convince they it 's we fault there 's no more water . that we be the reason they world be crumble around they . this get theresa 's attention . slowly realize thomas 's may be justified ... theresa we need to do something ... thomas that 's why I be here ... to see if we can of disc out what 's happen . if we discover anything useful , I promise we will come clean . but until then , we have to keep quiet . theresa you mean lie . thomas if we need to , yes . ( beat ) if they think we be a threat , if they turn on we ... fear 56 . theresa alby will protect we . he 's take care of I . thomas alby may seem like a good guy but 1 do whatever it take to keep a lid on this place . theresa consider this . thomas ( cont 'd ) please , you have to trust I . a long beat , then ... theresa so , how do we do this ? thomas breathes a sigh of grateful relief . thomas I do not know . do you remember anything more than my name ? theresa just that . but there 's something about the glade ... I be scared at first , but I should still _be curl ye in a corner weep . except , I eel ... thomas comfortable . ( beat ) I too ... out in the maze , it 's like I have see it before . a moment , then theresa beckon thomas closer to she ... theresa take a look at this ... thomas move around the table , next to theresa where he can see she pile of map laid out side - by-side . theresa ( cont 'd ) so far I have only have time to study this one section . I realize on any give night , only a few of the 1s move ... thomas they know that . theresa give he a eye ... theresa right . but I do not think they realize there 's a pattern . 57 . now , thomas be interested . theresa pick up the first pile she 's assemble ... theresa ( cont ’d ) this be map of a desert section , every 's 7th gay : they be all slightly different , except for a few of the wall which a way return to the same position . theresa compress the page together , and hold they up to the light . the recur wall be bolder than the rest ... revealing a runic symbol . theresa register thomas 's amazement ... thomas what be it ? theresa I be not sure . but all this year , the maze have be speak to they . each section painting out some kind of message . thomas and theresa stand close together , a charge moment , take in she discovery . thomas amazing ... theresa it should not take long to find the other symbol . thomas but what do we do with they ? thomas and theresa slowly look up from the map and study each other . then ... alby catch up on old time ? alby be in the doorway , along with minho . alby look haggard , angry . minho , exhaust . a awkward beat of ilence , then ... minho c’mon Thomas , we gotta brief the other ... off thomas 's look of confusion ... alby after listen to gally , at least half the glade want you banish . forced out into the maze alone tonight . sacrifice to the griever . 58 . minho then i_told they about the cave and you plan to attack it . now thomas be really freak ... thomas minute , you say yourself , even if we can draw they out , we have no idea -- minho save it . we be out of option . alby stare at thomas ... alby I hope you find something . if you come up empty tomorrow , there 's nothing more I can do . you be finish . theresa look at thomas , who stand afraid , despondent . he push past alby and minho , out of the map room ... ext . homestead path - night .-- and now sprint alone down the homestead path , run far from the other glader ... ext . eastern field - continuous ..- finally colla sing to he knee at the edge of the Eastern field , abandone quiet . he stare up at the strange sky , tear stream down he face ... his lip be still , but we prelap a boy 's anguish cry of .... boy dad!ittit !! as we .... flash to : ext . STREET ... pandemonium . people stream out of every buildin along a crowded city street , fight to reach a black , arm red personnel carrier surround by rifle - wield soldier in hazmat combat suit . a loudspeaker blare ... loudspeaker step back or we will open fire ! only notify citizen will be grant entry ! 59 . the boy be lose in the crowd . and then ... father Son ! the father grab he hand ... father ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to let go ! the boy sigh , relieved . suddenly the carrier fire up its engine and the soldier begin back onto it as they push away the crowd . father ( cont 'd ) cc’mon ! the father drag the boy toward the vehicle , elbow and shove he way to the front . finally they reach the carrier . halanx of soldier guard the entrance , rifle peady , where a e commander be ushere the last child on board ! father ( cont 'd ) please ! we get we call ... the commander hold up a retinal scanner to the boy and then , without a word , grab he by the collar and rip he from he father 's grip , haul he onto the carrier . boy wait ! commander ( to the Father ) back away , sir . . father he just want to say goodbye ! the carrier start to roll forward , the boy on board , parting the crowd . still on the street , he father , call out ... father ( cont 'd ) we will see each other soon . I promise !! look down from the carrier , the boy watch , helpless , as the crowd surge again , swallow he father . tight on the boy 's anguish eye , as the carrier door swing shut and we ... flash back to : Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 60 . ext . eastern field theresa Thomas ? thomas be still on he knee , stare at the sky , now shaking off the vision . theresa ( cont ’d ) do you see something else ? thomas nod , but he 's too disturb to describe it . theresa kneel beside he . theresa ( cont ’d ) whether we like it or not , we be in this together . thomas ; I know . I be sorry . I just have to get out of there . they both sit a moment in silence . theresa be there anything I can do ... for tomorrow ? thomas turn to she . slowly , he reach out and take she hand . they both look at they finger , intertwined . then thomas look in she eye ... thomas tomorrow ... the only thing that 's gonna help be a miracle . CUT to : ext . the canyon - the next morning thomas and minho lead the other runner -- aron , jayson , and tim -- in formation through the canyon , toward the griever hole . they stop at the narrow bottleneck , beyond which be the open Cavern . minho look each runner in the eye , one - by-one . minho see you back in the glade , gentleman . ext . griever cavern - the canyon minho emerge alone from the bottleneck and slowly approach the open Cavern , until ... * Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 61 . the first griever slither out into the light . minho stop . the second griever join it . minho hold he ground . the griever sit , pulsing , study he . then ... the first griever ' ss stinger slowly extend toward minho , the barb tip glisten in the light . minho now ! puddenty he step aside . aron , jayson , and tim emerge behind he with cross -bow , fire a barrage of arrow ... thwap ! thwap ! thwap ! the arrow rocket toward the griever ... and thuck ! thuck ! thuck ! emb in they gelatinous flesh . the griever' shriek in unison ... then , give the runners a head -start in they escape , the griever begin _pulsing furiously as they body expel the arrow one - by-one , leave they scattered in the dirt , soak in slime . and then the creature barrel forward ... ext . the canyon - continuous minho , aron , jayson and tim each dive out of the bottleneck , somersault to a stand position and resume they sprint ... on they tail ... the two coiled griever ... roll out of the bottleneck like a avalanche of destruction ... we pan back ... ext . bottleneck - the canyon -+- through the bottleneck and then up ... to find thomas wedge high above , between the two wall of the Canyon , as the griever roll by beneath he ... as thomas drop hard to the floor below ... ext . the canyon -;-minho , lead the pack of runners , suddenly veer to he right , disappear into another passage that branch off ... as jayson , aron and tim pass it by , one griever break off to follow . > E Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 62 . ext . griever cavern - the canyon thomas approach the griever cave , now quiet . he step over the threshold into the shadow of ... int . entrance - griever cavern .».. - a dark , dome chamber . there 's a light glow at the very back , about twenty yard ahead , and thomas move cautiously toward it . ext . slot canyon - various quick cut ... minho , aron , jayson , and tim , now each on they own , racing through different corridor of the canyon , griever close behind . int . entrance chamber - griever cavern thomas have reach the back of the chamber and the open in the base of the wall . he kneel to look inside . ext . slot canyon alcove - the maze aron , alone , come bound out of the far leave passage into the quiet alcove where the canyon begin . tim emerge from a different passage ... then , minho , who shout ... minho where 's jay ? .+- as aron and tim dive into the safety of the tunnel that lead back to the maze . minho slide to_a stop , turn back to look for jayson , as the pursue griever roll into the alcove behind he . int . the hive - griever cavern thomas 's Pov as he stare into a enormous underground cavern , the size of a airplane hanger ... the ground be solid cement , but the sloping rock wall be a lattice - work of round opening all the way across the ceiling . this be a hive . and , at the far end of the cavern , too far to make out any det4il ... there 's a round steel door . spin back around ... to thomas , take it all in from above , focus on the distant door , élate . try to get a closer look , he dip he head down ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 63 . trigger ... a wail siren . now , all over the cavern wall , one - by- one the hole be lighting up with that familiar red glow . hundred of griever eye . the hive have awaken ... ext . slot canyon alcove the two griever in the alcove be now push forward as minho back toward the tunnel ... when , finally , jayson sprint out of the central passage , nearly collide into the griever from behind . as he pull up short , heaving ... jayson take a wrong turn . my bad . minho look at jayson , separate from he and the tunnel by the griever . jayson understand he predicament -- there 's no way for he to get past the creature . jayson ( cont 'd ) much luck , boy . we have a good run , do not we ? with that , the griever close to jayson spin around and impale he with its stinger . minho watch jayson double -over , eye wide , and collapse out of view . the griever then together surge toward minho , who now hop into the tunnel , where aron and tim stand , ashen . ext . slot canyon thomas 's Pov ... bound toward the alcove where he 'il face the same scene as jayson ... but , thomas stop just before emerge . he slip off he backpack and take out a crossbow , which he aim at the canyon wall ten foot above . he fire ... thwack ... and a arrow , attach to a long line of rope , embed in the rock wa . thomas find the end of the rope , and thread it through another arrow ... ext . slot canyon alcove ..- which now rocket over the griever and land in the stone just above the tunnel . * Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 64 . minho reach out to make sure its secure ... and , now thomas come fly through the alcove , knee tuck to he chest , as he ride the rope like a zip line ten foot above the ground ... letting go at the last second ... int . griever tunnel ..- and fly into the tunnel , foot - first , as the griever shriek in fury . thomas , on he back , look around and clock minho , aron , and tim . he now know jayson do not make it . minho extend a hand to help he up . thomas hesitates ... thomas I think I do something . prelap ... slam ! int . study - alby' dwelling - later '' -- as alby round he fist on the table , he frustration explode . inho and thomas , exhaust and demoralize , hang they head . finally ... alby we should have stay focus . kept press ahead in the grassland . '' now , who know what you trigger ? thomas look to minho , grasp for straw ... thomas I still say we figure out a way to get down there ... but minho 's out of patience ... minho even if we could get past all that creature , you say the door be solid steel . it 's a dead end , just like all the other . ext . east gate - the glade - dusk the familiar East Gate to the maze . two runners , aron and tim stand watch in the clear as the last light in the sky fade . night . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 65 . but no bolt extend from the wall . they remain still . the Gate ... OPEN . in the eerie quiet , aron and tim share a look of absolute terror . int . study - alby' dwelling thomas face alby and minho , he confidence shattered . thomas I be sorry guy . I really think we be onto something . before either of they can answer , they be interrupt by the grow din of a crowd outside ... alby approach the window , thomas and minho close behind he ... ext . alby 's clearing - the glade - night alby , thomas , and minho look down into the clear where most of the glader have gather . at the front of the mob be gally . gally the wall do not close , alby . whatever Thomas do out there , the maze and the glade be one now . alby absorb the news . gally ( cont 'd ) soon the griever will be here . week have become day . for some of we , only hour . alby try to project command of the situation ... alby listen to I ! all of you ! we 'il barricade the homestead . fight they off from the tree ... the glader be silent , terrify , already defeat . thomas spot chuck in the crowd , he face streak with tear , pale white . gally I warn you not to provoke they ! now they will kill every last one of we ! alby scan the hopeless crowd ... 66 . alby you want to lie down ?! you be glader ! you be man ! if we must die , then die like man ! no one will make eye contact . his exhortation fall totally flat . gally you have deliver we all to the slaughter . alby make one last bid to preserve he authority ... alby have you all forget what I have do for you ? you think I want this burden ? I do it for you ! together , we have rise to every challenge ! and we can rise to this one ! but now , the final blow ... he spot newt , stand with the crowd , right beside gally . as alby 's face register he shock at the betrayal , newt look up , remorseless ... newt you be soft , alby . that be always you roblem . eat ) I don ! t know who_to believe anymore , but if I be go down tonight , I be go down with my brother . then , from behind he , newt pull theresa -- dishevel , tremble -- and hand she over to gally . gally , now totally unhinge , drag she forward , point up at thomas ... gally they must be cast out ! I have begge you to listen ! ( beat ) but I be do ask . theresa look up at thomas , terrify . a beat , as alby take the measure of the crowd and realize he 's lose they . he turn to thomas ... alby he 's right , you know . you have bring nothing but disaster . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 67 . ext . alby 's clearing - the glade - moment later led by gally , newt and a crew of bagger haul thomas and theresa out of the clear , through the shouting , heckling crowd ... chuck be run alongside they , shouting at newt ... chuck you can not do this !! until one of the bagger violently shove he to the ground . then , thomas spot minho and the other runners heatedly argue . minho be about to step forward into gally 's path , who brace himself for a confrontation . but thomas look minho in the eye . thomas do not . the glade need you . save as many of they as you can . minho reluctantly hold back , and the bagger drag away thomas and theresa . ext . the pit - the glade - night as they approach the pit ... thomas ( whisper ) . I will not let anything happen ... theresa why be they do this ? we have y try to help they ... gally and the bagger stop . gally just he . newt start push thomas into the pit ... thomas wait ! ... tear he away from theresa . thomas scream ... thomas ( cont 'd ) where be you take she ?! .-- as he disappear into the darkness . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 68 . ext . west gate - the glade - night minho stand watch by the open West gate . he 's pace with a plant and cross - bow strapped across he back . a light torch be ant in the ground , uminate the first few foot of the maze . ee minho stop . the low rumble of what sound like a oncoming train be approach . prelap ... a clanging bell , as ... int . dark room theresa sit on the edge of a cot , in a dark , windowless room , somewhere in the glade . she stand , startle . int . the pit - the glade thomas also hear it . he get up from the tiny cot in he cell and strain to look down the empty hallway ... ext . homestead clearing - the glade minho , aron , and tim converge from all direction in the homestead clear , which be totally abandon . newt walk out of the tree to greet they ... minho gally ? newt want to ride it out with he boy . minho nod . newt ( cont 'd ) which Gate ? minho all of they . ext . NORTH , south , east , & west gate - the glade quick cut ... Long line of glisten griever barrel out of the maze and into the glade ... ext . homestead grove - the glade pure chaos as all the glader crowd into a central cluster of three large tree-house , connect by elevate walkway . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 69 . minho be the last to climb up , and newt pull up the ladder after he . the bagger and runners be spread out along the walkway , armed with a combination of spear , cross -bow , and club . mix among they be zack and several field hand , brandish they tool as weapon . even winston the cook be wield a butcher 's knife . alby take it all in , clearly sideline , as clint approach , struggle under the weight of a large satchel . he open it to reveal the crystal tube that contain the serum . clint what little that 's leave ... alby nod , then turn to look inside one of the tree - house ... int . central tree house - homestead grove - the glade - twenty of the youngest glader , include chuck , be huddle in the crowded space . they look up at alby , sheer terror in they eye . alby offer a half - heart nod of assurance , and close the loor . ext . eastern field - the glade a long line of griever tear through the Eastern field , crush stalk of wheat , uproot tomato vine , and send chunks of soil fly through the air in a maelstrom of destruction ... ext . homestead grove - the glade minho , newt , and alby be side - by-side , wait . alby be resi ned , détach . newt , adjust he weapon nervously . minh prime and ready . and then , the crack , SNAP , and boom of nearby tree be mow down ... minho let 's take a few of the bastard with we . .»+.as the griever converge from every direction . int . dark room theresa back away from the door of she tiny room as , somewhere outside , one of the creature grow closer , louder ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 70 . ext . homestead grove - the glade as the mass of griever crowd the base of the tree cluster ... a panicked atlas turn to newt . atlas now ? but newt hesitates . minho step forward ... minho only when they start to climb ! aim for they eye and they stomach ! int . the pit - the glade thomas have flip over the cot in he cell and be brace the frame against the wall , furiously try to stomp it into piece . then ... a shriek ... from down the hall , and he stomp one more time ... ext . homestead grove - the glade ..- follow by a chorus of shriek as the front line of griever begin to climb the tree trunk . minho Fire ! thwack ! thwack ! thwack ! thuck ! thuck ! thuck ! the griever absorb the arrow and ... pause . then they begin to pulse , as the arrow be push back to the surface of they skin . as_ the last arrow be disgorge and drop to the forest floor below , the creature continue move ... int . dark room theresa be crouch in the farthest corner from the door as outside a series of ... shriek ... follow by guttural human cry ...echo ... with each cry she shudder , finally tremble , and no longer able to contain she fear ... prelap ... theresa ( 0.s. ) help I !!! Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 71 . int . the pit - the glade as thomas freeze in place . he 's nearly break off the longest piece of the cot 's frame , but now stand still . he take a breath , try to focus ... thomas theresa , you be do it again ... int . dark room theresa 's face freeze in shock . she 's hear he . she concentrate ... theresa Thomas ? thomas ( 0.s. ) it 's I ... theresa how can I hear you ? thomas ( 0.s. ) this be what I be talk about ! it 's some kind of telepathy ! where do they take you ? theresa I do not know ... there be a dead tree -- int . the pit - the glade her voice trail off in thomas 's head ... thomas theresa ??? now frantic .. theresa ( 0.s. ) hurry ! thomas turn back to the cot and deliver one last devastating kick , finally shatter it . thomas pick up the longest piece of the cot 's frame , a long wooden rod , just as ... a griever slither in front of the cell , face he . thomas be inch from the beast , and for a moment , they simply stare at each other . then ... the griever lunge forward , break through the bar of the cell , and send thomas slamm into the wall behind he . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 72 . the griever 's mouth open ... and SNAP ... its stinger shoot forward , which thomas deflect with the rod , send it into the rock wall , inch from he body . the griever quickly try to retract the stinger , but it will not budge , the barb tip stick in place . thomas spin off the wall , raise the rod above he head , and bring it down ina crush blow , which snap the stinger right in the middle ... as the griever let out a roar of agony , thomas sprint by it ... ext . homestead grove the tree cluster be now cover in climb griever , several nearly level with the walkway ... minho race to where the first griever be about to overtake a bagger , who 's clubbing it to no avail ... minho arrive just as the griever 's stinger rocket up , stabbing the bagger right through the forehead ... as the bagger collapse , the griever pull itself up onto the walkway , expose it 's belly for a split second ... which minho ferociously impale with he spear . he drop he shoulder and lunge forward , send the griever fly ... minho watch in pappy disbelief as the griever crash to the forest floor below . he look to he leave , and see ... newt have witness the move ... and quickly repeat it ... send another griever hurl to the ground ... minho look to he right and see ... adby completely still amidst the madness , he expression lan ! then , that awful rumble again , and the griever below part to let through ... a barrel onslaught of roll griever , which collide with the base of the tree , send splinter o£ wood explode into the air ... the walkway heave ... and a bagger lose he foot , plummete into the seethe creature below . then , the next griever impact , and the tree sway ... ext . gally grove thomas race across the field toward gally 's Grove ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 73 . the overturn tree 's massive tangle of root have be obliterate -- a round tunnel carve right through it , exactly the shape of a roll griever ... thomas slow slightly , then bound through it ... ext . gally clearing ... emerge into gally 's clear , where ... the barricade be all overturn , and the shelter lie in a heap of rubble . several body -- dress in the rag of the change boy -- be scattered amidst the wreckage . but no sign of theresa . then , from the tree to he right ... a shriek . thomas spot a barely visible path and take off toward it ... ext . stable path py gron past the body of three more change boy , lay flat on they stomach , mow down from behind . suddenly something dash out of the tree cut he off . it 's one of the sheep from the glade 's small herd , which bleat , before disappear ... ahead , thomas can see the stables ... int . the stable «+-a long building with a central hallway line with paddock for the various animal . thomas enter . down the hall to he leave , he hear movement in the darkness . he sprint right , past empty paddock until spot a fully enclose room in the back corner . he open he mouth to shout , when , from inside the room ... int . dark room theresa Thomas ! theresa leap up just as ... thomas burst through the door . theresa embrace he . a beat , then ... shriek !... and thomas grab she hand ... * 74 . thomas let 's get out of here . ext . homestead grove the central tree cluster buckle one last time under the relentless assault of the griever and slowly begin to topple ... int . central tree house the huddle glader be all throw to one side of the room , chuck in the middle of the pile , as the floor tip and the entire structure ... ext . homestead grove +-.go crash to the ground , send the griever scatter . all be still for a moment , then ... focus on ... chuck , bleed badly from he head , try desperately to lift a piece of wood that have he pin own ... nearby , clint , daze , be scramble to collect the crystal tube , several of which have fall out of he satchel ... back to .. chuck , who give the wood plank one last push , but it doesn 's t budge , and he close he eye , fade into oblivion . then ... minho get up ! minho , lift the debris , be stand over he , watch several nearby griever now slowly retreate back through the forest ... across the clear ... alby stand freeze amidst the mayhem . fall torch have ignite brush fire all around he , and he stare off into t e@ near distance where the cook shed and table be also burn ... then , alby turn and see minho . they lock eye , and minho call out to he ... minho ( cont 'd ) alby !!! but alby 's face make it clear he 's already surrender . he ignore minho and walk toward the fire . 75 . minho watch he old friend disappear and take off with chuck toward safety ... int . stable thomas and theresa race back down the stable 's central hallway . they be about to run out the exit when , from the opposite end of the building ... gally ( 0.s. ) no !!! -.- follow by another shriek , ..and , then boom !... a paddock door be blow clear off its hinge . thomas and theresa pause . thomas think , then pull theresa 's arm to continue move . she stand firm . thomas he want we dead ! theresa still do not move . off she look ... thomas ( cont 'd ) Fine ! but you stay here . she ignore that also ... thomas move down the dark hallway , theresa a few step behind he , until they can_see the griever slow force gally back against the wall . thomas look around frantically , and pick up a three - pronge hay fork lie on the ground . thomas stop ten foot behind the griever . gally now see he and stare in disbelief . why ? gally ly ? the griever spin to face thomas ... thomas I be not what you think I be ! .-- and start inching toward he . thomas suddenly lunge and stab the griever directly between its S , glow red eye , embed the hay fork deep in its the griever shriek in agony ... thomas ( cont 'd ) cc’mon ! 76 . .-- allow gally to slide past it and regroup behind thomas . thomas ( cont 'd ) take the girl and get out of here ! gally hesitates a moment , then look at theresa ... gally I will not harm you . gally and theresa start move more quickly toward the exit , theresa keep a eye on thomas who 's back away slowly , try to keep the griever 's attention . suddenly , the griever swing the still - protrude handle of the hay fork at thomas ... catapult he into the close paddock . the griever turn into the paddock , bear down on thomas , who 's trap , gasp for air , and struggle to stand . the griever be about to pounce on he , when ... slam !... theresa pound it with a shovel ... draw it away ... the griever turn , roll up and barrel after she , as she sprint down the hallway ... just as the griever be about to overtake theresa , she suddenly leap back - and -forth between the wall on either side , grab onto a rafter as the creature rumble past beneath she ... thomas emerge from the paddock in time to see theresa complete a acrobatic flip off the ceiling beam , drop to the floor in a perfect landing . off thomas 's look of disbelief , theresa calmly stand up and together they race outside . ext . map room - the glade minho and newt lead a daze mob of two dozen glader , chuck among they , trip , stumbling , crawl ... ... past the map room , completely flatten , tatter parchment float through the air ... ext . eastern field - the glade ..- finally spilling out of the tree , head toward the ravage Eastern field ... minho we rest here . minho turn to clint ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 77 . minho ( cont ’d ) treat the stung , first . then the other . clint nod . as he move off into the crowd of walk wounded ... clint ( 0.s. ) anyone need the serum ?! newt approach minho ... newt sitting duck out here . they back off for no reason , no tell when they 's 1l come back . minho we collect whatever water we can can from the aqueduct . then , I do not know ... I guess we keep move . before newt can reply , thomas , theresa , and gally emerge -- together -- from another section of tree . minho and newt stand , stunne , as the group walk toward they . thomas survey the small batter group of remain glader ... thomas the other ? by the look on minho 's face , thomas know the answer . thomas turn back to the survivor ... winston be applyin pressure to another boy 's bleed leg , and atlas be help ashion a splint , while clint scurries among they . but there 's no sign of zack , aron , tim and so many other familiar * ace . thomas ( cont 'd ) alby ... minho shake he head , he eye glisten as the anguish overtake he . thomas finally spot chuck sit up , alone in the crowd . his clothes be tear and he 's hold he sleeve to he own * wounded head . thomas turn to theresa ... thomas ( cont 'd ) that boy over there , by himself ... theresa I see he . theresa jog over to chuck , kneel beside he . 78 . newt be now simmer , about to challenge thomas , but thomas preempt he ... thomas gally be right . ( beat she and I be different . we can do thing I can not explain . and before the glade , we know each other . gally say nothing . newt and minho be shocked ... minho you have memory ? thomas just a glimpse of the world we come from ... minho can not believe this ... minho like what ? thomas nothing useful . nothing that will help we get out of here . they continue stare at he , expectantly ... thomas ( cont 'd ) there be ash fall from the sky . people be scared . and my father . he be send I someplace ... he trail off as the other absorb this . and then , newt snap , gesture at the carnage ... newt you be the only one who remember a god damn thing , and you still want we to believe you have nothing to do with this ? thomas see theresa be walk back toward they . thomas just wait ... let we show you . ( to theresa ) you have it ? theresa nod and hand over a sheet of paper which thomas unfold . on the page be a sketch of the maze -- a circle theresa have divide into six wedge , like slice of a pie . Inside each wedge be a runic symbol " five be clear , complete , and one be half - form ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 79 . thomas ( cont 'd ) the maze be not move to change up the route . it be form this ol . theresa find they . the last one 's incomplete because the grassland map be not finish ... as minho , gally , and newt take it in ... thomas ( cont 'd ) we be on you side . I do not know how else to prove it . a beat , and then , matter - of -fact ... gally you may be now . but there 's a reason you be different . I be sure of it . now it 's minho 's turn to snap , he frustration with gally boil over ... minho it 's always the same , be not it ? ( beat ) even if what you be say about he be true , what good be it ? what the hell 's he suppose to do about it ? gally 's calm , silent . and so be thomas . a long beat as he make a decision . thomas ( to minho ) I can go through the change . minho and theresa look at thomas in disbelief ... minho that 's insane -- theresa Thomas ... but thomas cut they off ... thomas if gally 's right , it could bring back the rest of my memory . there 's a chance I 'il remember something we have all be miss . theresa can not believe what she 's hearing ... theresa and what if he 's wrong ? please , Thomas ... you can not do this . 80 . minho what if you see nothing and wake up a zombie ? now , newt interject ... newt I say it 's the least he can do . and do not care if it kill he . minho ignore he , focus on thomas ... minho I be sorry I let they lock you up , but you do not have to do this ! know who you be ... thomas so do I , minute . I be a glader . ( beat ) . a maze runner . and escape be all that matter . a beat , as thomas 's resolve sink in . theresa turn away from he . newt look up at the sky which be beginning to lighten ... newt where to ? can not stick around here much longer . minho the maze . more place to disappear if we need to . minho turn back to thomas ... minho ( cont ’d ) you can not just walk up to one , hope it sting you ... thomas I have a idea . minho and the hour of pain and torment ... thomas gally will help I through it . gally study thomas and slowly nod . and , minho realize there 's no more use argue . int . the pit - the glade thomas enter he old cell . he approach the spot where the griever 's stinger be embed in the rock wall and carefully remove a still glisten needle . 81 . ext . jungle corridor - the maze - morning the survive glader march through the maze , thomas and minho in the lead . newt and atlas guard the rear , while theresa and clint help along the most severely wounded . the glader , inside the maze for the first time , stare in awe at its massive wall and endless corridor . only gally , limping along , keep he eye down , block out he surroundings ... ext . maze refuge - the maze they finally arrive at a large circular room in the grassland , with four passage lead off in the cardinal direction . as thomas look around ... minho good chance they will not find we here . at least , not for a while . if they do , we’ have get option . the other spread out , find soft spot on the mossy ground . theresa approach winston ... theresa Water now . I think most of they can hold out on food for another few hour . minho , still beside thomas , point to one of the passage ... minho that 's a dead end . ( beat ) I do not think the other should see - he trail off ... thomas nod . minho take one last look at he and turn to newt ... minho ( cont ’d ) c'mon . let 's work out a watch schedule . now gally approach ... gally the process can take hour ... thomas survey the glader , linger on theresa , who 's busy pass a canteen . thomas let 's get start . 82 . ext . changing chamber - the maze the wall of the maze form a small , square room , where gally be drive the last of four spike into the ground , at the corner of a blanket . each spike be attach to a rope that will tie down thomas 's hand and ankle ... a crystal tube of serum be laid out on a rag , alongside the griever 's stinger . thomas watch as gally finish ... thomas what 's it like ? really ... gally look up at he . gally you be wonder if it 's worse than death ( beat ) you own ? 's definitely . thomas turn away . then ... gally ( cont 'd ) but , worse than watch you friénd slaughter ? Men you have live beside and care for ? I guess that depend on what kind of man you be . a beat as thomas absorb gally 's word . then ... thomas and , what if I be not as strong as you ? gally think , and for a moment , seem to soften . gally strength come from purpose . eat ) alby know that_better than anyone . it 's why we follow he . love he . at least why I do . suddenly , theresa emerge at the threshold of the room ... theresa can I have a minute ? gally give thomas one last look , he face pain and hard again , before he exit . theresa see the spike in the ground and , under she breath ... theresa ( cont ’d ) look cozy ... 83. thomas be not sure what to say . theresa ( cont ’d ) what be you hope to see , exactly ? thomas a big ' exit 's sign too much to ask for ? she do not even smile . theresa do not do it Thomas . ( beat ) there 's no guarantee it 'il help , and you could lose you mind like the rest of they . best case , you will end up like gally ! thomas I do not know ... the whole bitter lunatic vibe be grow on I . theresa begin to tremble , and he realize how upset she be ... thomas ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I do not mean to -- theresa we can hear each other 's thought Thomas ! that mean something ! if you do this , we might never find out how , or why ... thomas can not bring himself to lie and reassure she . he look at the ground ... thomas I have to try . this be bigger than we . that guy out there be count on I . she step closer . thomas look up at she .. theresa if I lose you , I ’1ll lose the only real thing that 's leave in I . from theresa 's search brown eye we ... flash to : ext . sidewalk - day that same eye ... on a thirteen - year- old girl , stand in the second - story window of that brick townhouse . 84 . theresa 's Pov this time , jook out on the street below , where a young thomas stand amidst a gentle shower of white snowflake , stare back at she . theresa press she hand to the window , reach out to she best friend , she soulmate , as we ... flash back to : ext . changing chamber - the maze thomas , now directly in front of she , they face inch apart . his lip do not move ... thomas ( v.o. ) what do you see ? and neither do she 's ... theresa ( v.o. ) Tom ... I see you . and they kiss , with the combine passion of both the first and what - could - be the last time . theresa I feel like I be send here for a reason . to stop you from do this ... for a beat , it look like thomas might cave . but then ... thomas I lose you once before and still manage to find you . here , in the worst place imaginable . I '’11 find you again . I promise . theresa back away , devastate . ext . changing chamber - the maze - later thomas be on he back , tie to the stake , a piece of wood between he tooth to bite down on . gally slowly slide the griever stinger into the soft side of thomas 's elbow , hold the needle in he flesh as the black venom course into he , darken he vein as it spread . as thomas 's tooth clench , he throw he head to one side , spitting out the wood in agony . gally raise the molten , yellow serum to he lip and thomas devour it . gally lay down the empty crystal tube . thomas turn to it , and for the first time , can clearly see he own reflection . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 85 . a beat as thomas stare at he own face , then ... thomas 's entire body spasm like he 's be electrocute . his pupil suddenly blow , overtake the white of he eye as we ... flash to : int . barracks ++.a cavernous hanger fill with bunk bed , stack three high , row after row , a seemingly endless warehouse of ... sleeping child . we arrive at thomas , filthy and gaunt . - . who bolt upright as a flashlight shine " direct . y in he face ... voice congratulation , Thomas . ( beat ) you have be chosen . flash to : int . laboratory ... thomas , now clean up and healthy , stare through a glass partition at a thrashing griever brackete to the floor of a sterile white laboratory ... a robotic arm swing into view , carry one of the crystal tube fill with the serum . but this tube feed a syringe which be now inch from the creature 's flesh . the syringe rime itself ... and a single drop of familiar yellow fa id all to the laboratory floor . the griever , frantic with fear , let out a bloodcurdle shriek , as that voice whisper ... voice ( 0.s. ) remember ... flash to : int . griever hive ... the hive , view from the other side of that steel door . heavy crane , steel beam , and other construction equipment sit idly in the eerie , cavernous space ... from inside the hive , a mechanize voice ... computer lock code correct . ek Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 86 . ... and the door slam shut ... flash to : ext . homestead - the glade ..-a mystery Pov move through the familiar structure of the glade , but something be different . the shelter look less wear , the tree they hang in , young . and scattered on the ground , as far as the eye can see , there be body . we walk over the corpse , toward the only audible sound ... a soft , plaintive whimper . finally , behind one of the large tree , we find its source : thomas be cradling theresa , who 's curl in the fetal osition . they clothes be rip , and they be cover in lood . voice you fail . ( beat ) and now the other be dead . every last one of they ... thomas rock back and forth ... thomas I be sorry ... I be so sorry ... voice do not be sorry , Thomas . just get it right the next time . flash back to : ext . maze refuge ... theresa and chuck , huddle beside each other , as thomas let out a torture scream that echoe throughout the maze ... theresa clenches she hand over she ear , bury she head in she lap , try to drow out the sound of thomas 's agony as we ... fade out . fade in : ext . changing chamber - the maze - dusk thomas 's Pov ... through a groggy haze : a gray sky . all around , stone wall rise {mpossib y high . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 87 . thomas slowly sit up , unsteady , as he vision slowly come into focus . he see gally approach with a canteen of water . thomas 's voice be dry , crack ... thomas they will keep send we . they 's 11 keep kill more kid till we solve it . ext . maze refuge - the maze - dusk the glader be all hunkere down , some sleep , other lean against the wall , nervous , wait . chuck be study a cross -bow , awkwardly pretend to aim it . minho , newt , and atlas be each station at one of the entrance to the room . theresa be seat by the passage to the dead end , keep vigil for thomas . chuck lower the crossbow , minho turn , and slowly everyone stare as ... thomas step into the circle , gally behind he . he bear the mark of a terrible ordeal , he face more crease , like he 's age half - a- decade . theresa rush to embrace he . but thomas stand stiff , unsure how to react , as theresa wrap she arm around he . she step back ... theresa Thomas ? be you okay ? thomas look in she eye , but there 's no warmth in he expression . thomas I be fine . he 's all business . theresa , hurt and confuse , move away , while thomas scan the room for clint . thomas ( cont ’d the serum . how much be leave of it ? clint do not reply , still shocked thomas can speak . clint I -- but thomas be single-minded ... ; thomas ; clint , we do not have much time . it 's almost dark out there . 88 . clint glance at the satchel of crystal tube on the ground next to he ... clint there be twenty tube that rise with the first box . after last night we be down to eight . I guess now seven ... newt ( disgust ) you wanna get stung again ? this be ridiculous ... thomas turn to newt . thomas the serum counteract the griever venom . it heal we . at least , that 's how this group choose to use it . ( beat ) but that 's not all it do ... minho 's beginning to understand ... minho it counteract the griever venom ... thomas look at he ... thomas for we , it 's medicine . for they , it 's poison . minho consider this ... minho even if we can kill some of they , that only keep we alive a few day longer ... thomas we have to fight we way into the hive . the symbol be a access code ... the combination to open that door . ( beat we have five of the six . we will have to get lucky on the last one ... minho digest the difficulty of what thomas be propose . atlas do not like one word of it ... atla why should we believe you ? you could be lead we into a trap ! make it easier for they to finish we ! thomas be about to answer when gally step forward . 89 . gally whoever Thomas once be , today he see the path to salvation . so , let 's not waste it . thomas turn to minho ... thomas we can dip the spear and arrow , but there 's only enough serum to arm a few of we . minho nod , then turn to gally ... minho you and atlas hole up someplace safe with the group . Thomas , newt and I will assault the hive , try to buy enough time to enter the code somehow . gally nod . thomas when the door open , we will come back for everyone . ext . maze refuge - night as the last light fade from the sky , clint pour a tube of serum into a bucket , as minho and newt carefully dip arrow , lay they out to ary . clint reach back into the satchel for another tube , but find it 's empty ... clint there should be one more ... newt must have get lose at the homestead ... gally wander among the other _glader , hel ing they strap on pack of water and other supplies . even a' a go from boy to boy , offer word of encouragement . chuck cautiously approach thomas , who stand off to the side , in quiet contemplation ... chuck Thomas ? thomas be force , curt ... thomas hi , Chuck . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 90 . chuck you think we might really be go home ? thomas nod , still distant ... thomas we be close . that I be sure of . chuck I just really hope my parent remember I . thomas seem unsure what to do with the emotion . he look at chuck like he 's try to recall what empathy feel like . thomas whatever happen tonight , just be careful . chuck look up at thomas wait for more word of encouragement . but he 's meet only with awkward silence . thomas walk away , now approach theresa , who 's help winston pack up the last of the ration . she stand to greet he ... theresa now you want to talk to I ? thomas be flat , matter - of -fact ... thomas there 's something you need to know . reluctantly , theresa follow he ... ext . changing chamber - the maze ... into a corner where they can be alone . she stare at he , hurt and silent . thomas take a breath and confess ... thomas you and I ... we be here before . with another group of kid . and because of we , that kid be dead now . she gasp , absorb the blow ... thomas ( cont 'd ) the people who build the maze ... they select we . separate we from the other and give we ... special skill . we be too young to understand anything . we must have think it be a game . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 91 . theresa look like she 's go to be ill . but thomas show no compassion . thomas ( cont ’d ) we have a chance to get it right now . but I need you to focus . a long beat as theresa remain silent , reeling . then ... theresa you do not feel anything for I anymore , do you ? thomas I do not know theresa . I just feel * different . * theresa absorb this . theresa I hope you be right about * everything . I hope it be worth * it . but , before she can walk away , thomas reach out for she . thomas there i abometh else , theresa . get * edrough that hive . it 's just the beginning . CUT to : ext . boulder room - the maze - night thomas , minho , and newt armed with poison - tip cross -bow and spear , be perch at the portal to the griever corridor , the rumbling sound of the pass creature disappear down the ramp and out into the maze ... minho figure twenty minute before they realize the glade 's empty , turn back , and start hunt . thomas nod he agreement . he look down the mound of boulder to the ground below , where theresa , atlas and the * remainder of the glader be crowded together , hide among the rock . when thomas look back up , minho 's take off he armband ... minho ( cont 'd ) lead maze runner 's always wear it . before he can object , minho grab thomas 's arm and slide it on . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 92 . for a beat thomas study the band , absorb both the honor and the responsibility . then , he look back to minho ... minho ( cont ’d ) I be right behind you . ext . griever cavern - night thomas , minho , and newt walk slowly toward the now familiar open to the griever hive cavern . but as they approach , 1 be quiet . minho and thomas trade look . minho where 's the welcoming committee ? they keep move ... int . entrance chamber - griever cavern ... - into the entrance chamber , which be also empty . thomas gesture toward the back and the hive itself . the three crowd around the open and look inside ... int . the hive - griever cavern ... where two dozen griever pulsate throughout the cavernous space . most be cluster at the far end , near the steel door . newt look at thomas . newt do not worry . if you 's be wrong about this , griever will not get you . 1/11 kill you myself . thomas begin uncoil a rope ... ext . maze refuge - the maze gally and atlas stand watch , while theresa huddle quietly with the other glader , tense , wait ... suddenly , a massive rumbling approach ... the sound of dozen of griever racing toward they ... theresa stand up ... theresa I think we have more time ... .».. as gally turn back to the group ... gally they have find we ... * 93. int . the hive - griever cavern newt slowly lower thomas into the chamber , while minho stand alert , cross - bow at the ready ... thomas drop off the rope on the hard floor . several of the close griever spin to face he ... the nearest griever be about twenty foot away and now fast approach . from above ... minho you want I to take he ? thomas no . I wanna do this up close . the griever slither forward . ext . grass corridor - the maze gally faster ! gally push frantically through a corridor of grass stalk , as every other step ... SNAP ! ..- he use he spear to trigger a thorn trap . behind he theresa and atlas do they best to herd along the glader . as they send along the last of the straggler ... shriek ! theresa and atlas look back to see ... the grass behind they parting ... and the griever roll toward they ... int . the hive - griever cavern thomas , aim he cross-bow , stare down the griever , now ten foot away . he shout up to minho and newt ... thomas you_ever notice ? this thing smell awful ... -..and fire ... thwap ! thuck ! the serum -soak arrow embed in the griever 's flesh . the griever stop move and shriek ... then begin slowly pulsing , and ... expel the arrow , which fall to the floor . Blue ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 94 , newt great ... thomas can not believe it . he start back pedale as the griever continue at he ... thomas ( panicked ) no ... and then ... the griever once again stop . its mouth open wide , and its stinger shoot forward , stop inch from thomas 's face . for a brief moment , thomas stare directly past the needle into the griever be glow red eye . and , then , its gelatinous peae begin sink into the floor , dissolve into a bubbling dle of tar-like slime , its solid stinger finally crash to the ground , a harmless piece of debris . a long beat as thomas , minho , and newt stare in disbelief at the first dead griever they have ever see . then , one - by-one , every other griever in the cavern turn to face thomas and what 's leave of they fall comrade . thomas ( cont 'd ) look like we get they attention . ext . stone corridor - the maze the flee glader now emerge into a bare Stone corridor , and gally pull up short ... at the edge of breakaway section . from the rear ... atlas why be you stop ? gally look down the corridor and see a checkerboard of dark patch , all the way to the end of it . theresa come up eside he ... theresa what 's the problem ? gally stomp on the close breakaway and it fall into the abyss . theresa stare horrify . theresa ( cont ’d ) there have to be another way ... gally think a beat , then ... gally send the word back -- everyone follow my footstep exactly !! 95 . int . the hive - griever cavern thomas stand face the horde of griever , minho and newt now beside he . the creature have crowded together , but otherwise be still , seemingly passive ... minho you think they want to surrender ? but , with that , the entire hive begin to slowly vibrate , and one - by-one , each griever seem to blend into the creature next to it , form one grow Mass ... thomas uh . oh. ext . stone corridor most of the glader have reach the end of the minefield , but chuck be at the back of the pack , still navigate the breakaways , drench in flop sweat . chuck take a step and stumble , he foot fall through the floor , he entire body lurching 's toward the darkness . but theresa grab he arm and pull he to safety . as they take the last few step to solid ground , they look back to see ... the first in the line of griever , barrel into the corridor and then ... dropping through a breakaway into the darkness . the other griever halt . theresa turn to gally ... theresa do we stop they ? in_ response , the next griever just climb up the vertical wall and , parallel to the ground , begin slithering toward they ... int . the hive - griever cavern thomas , minho and newt cower , as the hive griever have combine into a enormous , teeming , swarm , tower above they . and then ... the swarm slowly begin to take form ... morph into razor - sharp claw . a needle - cover torso . a swinging tail coat in still more poisonous stinger ... -.- until a massive scorpion - like creature now stand between they and the doorway . a queen griever . homas this thing be full of surprise . 96 . minho run forward , raise he crossbow ... and thwap !... fire a arrow into the creature 's side . the queen take a wild swing with its claw , send minho diving to avoid it ... ext . boulder room - the maze the glader race through the Boulder room , dodging the flameburst that erupt every few foot around they ... ...- finally arrive beneath the portal . gally shout to atlas ... gally how much time do we have ? .»» - as he begin ushere the glader up the boulder pile . atlas hop on a rock to play lookout , but he 's hardly get he balance when ...a griever collide with he , and he go ying ... atlas fall hard on the burnt ground , drop he spear , and the griever land foot from theresa . but before the creature can attack ... atlas roll over and fire he cross-bow ... thwap ! thwap ! thwap ! and the griever dissolves before they . as atlas struggle to reload he bow , two more griever come slithering toward they ... then , theresa spot atlas 's spear lay in the dirt . she pick it_up , and charge forward , swinging it wide like a sword , slice through both the griever .. as the creature melt , theresa run past atlas to the boulder pile and start climb up behind the last of the glader . theresa look back to make sure atlas be follow , in time to see ... another griever launching itself from on top of the rock . atlas toss theresa he quiver of remain arrow , as the griever land on top of he , rip he to piece . int . the hive - griever cavern thwap ! thwap ! thwap ! thomas , minho , and newt be now spread out around the cavern floor ... take turn fire at the queen from different direction ... thomas shout ... 97 . thomas not sure we can kill it ! minho maybe not ! but we can try to distract it ! thwap ! minho let off another arrow ... and the queen once again lunge after he ... thomas eye the steel door . there 's narrow lane past the queen through which he might be able to reach the exit ... _. , newt . . . you wait for a invitation ?! thomas bolt ... as thwap ! thwap ! minho and newt unleash a storm of arrow ... thomas be almost past the queen , when it realize what 's happen ... the queen swing its barb tail in he direction ... but thomas leap over the hurtle mass of needle ... and tumble to safety ... as he peel himself up , he face the ' door 's -- a massive steel plate embed seamlessly in the rock before he . thomas now what ? ext . griever exit corridor - the maze theresa drop off the rope into the griever 's exit corridor , where gally and the other glader be wait . gally gesture to the tunnel entrance in the distance ... gally they be onto we . might as well make we stand in the hive with the other ... theresa but we do not know how to get there ... then , a high - pitch whine from the opposite end of the corridor , as the floor open up , spew out a roll griever . the glader all race toward the tunnel , gally help usher they inside . as theresa be about to climb through , she look back in time to see ... chuck have fall . he 's alone , twenty foot back in the corridor , the griever bear down ... Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 98 . theresa 's about to run to he rescue , when gally grab the poison spear in she hand .. gally I will go . theresa hesitates . gally ( cont 'd ) I never believe I be go home . and I can buy you some time . ( beat ) you must show they the way . theresa how ? gally point to he head ... gally Thomas can tell you . before theresa can answer , gally have the spear . he charge forward ... slamm the weapon into the griever 's forehea just before it reach chuck ...... chuck struggle to he foot and race toward theresa , who help he into the tunnel ... she turn back to see gally watch the creature melt , as more griever roll up from the ramp . gally look back at theresa one last time . gally ( cont 'd ) tell Thomas I be wrong about he . and I be sorry . gally smile -- euphoric -- and then march toward the griever and certain death int . the hive - griever cavern boom ! the queen slam its massive claw into the wall , as newt dive to avoid it . minho I think it 's slow down ! we just need to get enough serum in it 's system ... newt only two more arrow in my bow . 99 . minho I have get three . ( beat ) Thomas ? but thomas be focus entirely on the ' door . 's as he take another step closer , the door shimmer and it become one massive screen -- a digital image of the maze right in its center , surround by thirty runic symbol ... for a moment , thomas hesitates . and then a idea ... he find the first 's ol theresa decode , and drag it onto the maze image , exactly where it be reveal by the Maps . the symbol glow xeon vand stay in place . thomas ok ... thwap ! thwap !... minho and newt each fire simlutaneously ... minho shout to thomas , who 's now get three symbol in place and hunt for the fourth ... minho any luck ? thomas work as fast as I can ... minho work faster ... thwap ! newt I be out ... the queen lunge at newt , back he into a corner ... then ... thwap ! thwap !... minho fire the last of he arrow draw its attention ... thomas step back from the door , five symbol in place . he study theresa 's incomplete sketch of the last one . then pook back to the remain choice around the perimeter of the screen . there 's at least three symbol that could match it . close he eye a beat . pick one and drag it onto the maze ... thomas c'mon ... a beat , the symbol glow red and then ... the whole screen reset . thomas explode ... thomas ( cont 'd ) damn it !!! 100 . slamming he fist into the still - close door , then turn to find both minho and newt back toward he , the queen bear down on all of they ... thwap !... thomas fire and , for a moment , the queen slow , but quickly recover ... thomas sling he empty bow over he shoulder . he , minho , and newt now have only they spear as the queen surge forward ... thomas run at the queen , wind -mill he spear to parry its claw ... and then ... thomas leap into the air , stab the center of the queen 's torso , straight through , top -to-bottom , and push off the spear , vaulting over it ... for a beat the queen be pin to the ground , but it buck furiously , rotate to face thomas . newt and minho try to engage , but , the queen whip its tail in a fury , knock they spear from they hand and send the weapon scatter to a far corner ... now , thomas , newt , and minho all stand unarm ... exhausted , ready to give up ... _ minho any more idea ? thomas as a matter of fact ... thud ! a quiver of poison arrow land at thomas 's foot . from above ... theresa I tell you we be close . the queen now make a final charge at thomas , barrel toward he ... as he crouch , load the arrow , and fire they off ... thwap ! thwap ! thwap ! ..- landing all three in its forehead . the queen 's leg buckle and it barrel into the ground , inch from thomas , dissolve in a massive puddle . for a beat , all be quiet . then theresa slide down the rope . theresa ( cont ’d ) let 's take another look at this door , shall we ? 101 . int . the hive - griever cavern - moment later minho and newt divide up the remain arrow from atlas 's old quiver , while clint and winston hold the rope steady , as the last of the glader slide down into the hive . thomas stand beside theresa , enter the first five symbol , while she study the keyboard ... when he 's ready for the last one ... without hesitation , theresa point to one of the symbol ... he look at she ... __ , theresa I be positive . he smile , about to select it , when ... voice ( 0.s. I should have banish you both from the start ! thomas and theresa turn to see ... alby . he 's stand at the base of the rope , armed with a load cross -bow . his clothes be tear , he hair almost completely white ... _ thomas you be alive ... alby and awake for the first time . theresa be you hurt ? alby now raise the cross -bow and aim it at thomas . the other glader gasp .. thomas he 's be change . alby after I be stung in the homestead , I be happy to die . but then I stumble on some serum in the wreckage . all that year listen to gally rant and rave ... think I have get a taste . ( beat ) turn out the mad man was_ right about everything after all ... thomas be now hold up he hand defensively ... 102 . thomas put down the bow , alby . whatever you think you see , I can explain ... but alby be maniacal ... alby I build something here . something extraordinary a they take it away !! all this year try to escape ... this be the escape fr out there ! winston and many of the glader turn to thomas ... winston what 's he talk about ? where be you take we ? alby face the glader ... alby we can stay . we will live in the maze , fight the griever ... thomas it 's over alby ... alby do not believe he ! he belong in the pit ! he violate the law ! listen to I !!! alby start to shake , then take a breath and focus the bow back on thomas ... twhwap ! chuck nol ! and chuck dive in front of thomas , take the arrow directly in he heart . thomas catch chuck , as ... thwap ! a arrow pierce alby in the gut , and he fall to the ground . all the glader 's turn to newt , who fire and take alby down . a long beat , then ... newt be listen for too long . time to see , with we own eye . thomas , cradle chuck , who look up at he , life slip away ... 103 . chuck if you find my mom and dad . tell they I be the best field Hand in the glade . thomas 's harden demeanor soften and we get a glimpse of the boy he be before the change . thomas i’1l tell they you be a hero , Chuck . braver than all the runner . suddenly from above , a shriek ... and a griever drop into the Cavern . then another ... theresa turn back to the door and drag the final symbol into place . all six symbol glow green on the image of the maze . then , the screen go blank . and finally , it read : '' maze trial : complete . '' a beat , then the ground begin to shake , and the steel door rise out of the rock , and roll to the side , revealing a platform . theresa step inside and look up . theresa it 's a elevator ! c’mon ! the glader hesitate half - a- beat , but with little choice , they pile inside , as minho and newt do they best to ward off the griever with the remain arrow . as they back into the elevator ... theresa ( cont ’d ) Thomas !!! thomas look to she , then one last time at chuck whose eye flutter close . he lay down the boy 's body and jump on the elevator platform , just as it begin to rise ... int . elevator thomas , theresa , newt , and the glader stand silent , somber as the elevator slow to a stop before another steel door . the door open . and the glader all stare in awe ... int . control room -+ - at a sterile , white room , light by overhead fluorescent , and split in half by a glass partition . behind the glass , a massive wall of monitor stream aerial image of the now - empty maze and glade from every conceivable angle . and seat before that monitor , at a elaborate computer terminal be a dozen adult in white lab coat . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 104 . everything about the set be sleek , modern , in stark contrast to the natural material of the maze 's and glade . as the glader file out of the elevator and into the room , several of the adult turn around and approach the glass . for a beat , the glader and the adult simply stare at each other . then , one of the adult , a kind - look woman press a button on the terminal behind she , and a intercom be activate . woman welcome home . the glader remain silent , stunne ... woman ( cont ’d ) congratulation , Thomas ! and to fou all on_a wonderful achievement . he first Group to complete the maze ! and not post complete it ... we never think so many would survive ! minho step forward ... minho what the hell be go on ? who be you people ? woman Mr. minho . agile , strong , calm under crush pressure . you should be very proud . newt proud ? half we friend be dead ... woman and , yet , even in the end , when we accelerate the stimulus , you keep go . you insisted on maintain order , enforce law . Mr. minho and he runner keep mapp a shifting maze that could not be solve . every day , man do back - break work in the field , labor to erect structure with few tool and meager supplies . and why ? thomas because they never give up . woman that 's right Thomas . never stop look for a solution . ( beat ) ( more ) 105 . woman ( cont 'd ) and you ! view at first with contempt , then suspicion , but finally rise to they lead . prove yourself willing to sacrifice everything in order to save you flock . eat ) you be worthy of the task for which you have be groom . minho look at thomas , confuse . minho I do not understand ... who be this people ? now a bald man step up next to the woman . bald man we be the consortium . ( beat ) humanity 's last hope . behind the bald man , the control - room monitor be no longer broadcasting the glade . instead , a different series of image : the sun explode , turn the sky blood red . ash andmark , to the ground like snow . familiar city skyline and landmark laid ruin . that armored personnel carrier . Men in biohazard suit step over corpse in the street . bald man ( cont ’d ) since the flare , the sickness have spread faster than anyone anticipate . there be hardly any sanctuary leave . what you be do here be critical . '' the chosen and they follower will save mankind . the woman shoot the bald man a silencing look . she turn back to the glader ... woman we know how jarring this must be . but you be safe now . and you will need you rest . the maze Trial be post the beginning . phase two egin soon . minho turn again to thomas ... minho phase two ? I think we be free ... thomas minute -- 106 . woman not now , Thomas . you 'il have lenty of time to rally you troops or the challenge ahead . this be a moment to rest and regroup . to enjoy . suddenly , a door to they right open , and a crew of armed consortium officer file in . woman ( cont 'd ) this officer will show you to you quarter for the night . then ... woman ( cont ’d ) Thomas . theresa . you may come with we . thomas and theresa do not move , as the other stare in disbelief . thomas turn to minho and newt . thomas ( whisper ) I know what it look like . but this be not over yet . the woman press a button and a door open in the glass partition . thomas look at theresa and together they walk forward and step inside . as they watch the consortium officer begin round up the glader ... theresa ( v.o. ) you sure about this ? thomas ( v.o. ) I be . theresa ( v.o. ) what if it 's worse out there , alone ? thomas ( v.o. ) we be not alone . suddenly , thomas and theresa , reach into they waistband and pay out serrate blade . they grab the bald man and the oman , hold the knife to they throat ... the armed consortium officer all turn , but they be separate by the glass . thomas bark to one of the adult technician still seat at the computer terminal ... 107 . thomas bring up the profile ! technician I can not -- thomas dig the blade deeper into the bald man 's flesh ... thomas or I 'il cut he throat . the bald man nod , frantic , and the technician go to work . thomas ( cont 'd ) start with minho . the technician hit a few button and the monitor all broadcast one giant image of ... minho , no more than eleven year old , atop a smile man 's shoulder , stand by the Golden Gate Bridge . next to they be a beautiful woman cradling a infant gir thomas look out through the glass at minho . over the intercom ... thomas ( cont 'd ) you be from San Francisco , minute . you have a mother and fathér . a baby sister name Kim . minho can not take he eye off the photo , and for the first time , we see tear stream down he face . the monitor ghange and now it 's a young newt , on a farm , kneel amidst half - a- dozen oung id ; a stern older man look on , arm around he wife 's waste . thomas ( cont ’d ) newt , you be bear in Oklahoma . oldest of six . newt 's harden facade crumble . as the glader stand silent , the monitor cycle through a short montage of family photo , conclude with ... thomas . his father 's arm around he , center-field at yankee Stadium . thomas look up , focus on he dad ... thomas ( cont 'd ) that 's my father . my best friend . I do not know if he , or anyone else be still alive out there . but I intend to find out . thomas lock eye with minho ... thomas ( cont 'd ) you once tell I ... never stop mov " beat ) ( more ) Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 108 . thomas ( cont 'd ) I know we be all tired . but if we want to really be free , we need to keep run . ( beat ) we survive the maze . we defeat the griever . and I do not know about you , but I be do be a pawn in someone else 's game . ( beat ) we can do this , minute . together , we can do anything . minho look around at the consortium officer who stand , unsure what to do . at the exhaust glader . and back at thomas . he nod . thomas give the technician one last order ... thomas ( cont 'd ) unlock the access door to the street . now the woman shout ... woman do not do it ! we have invest too much ! thomas push so hard he draw a drop of blood from the bald man be neck . he glare at the woman . thomas you want to see how we have handle you puzzle ? this be we solution . ( beat ) I say let we out . slam CUT to black .