the mask written by Mark verheiden final draft ext . high seas - day the dragonhead prow of a ancient Viking ship cut through the thick fog of the rough North Atlantic Sea . music explode : wagner be " gotterdammerung " ( twilight of the god ) superimpose : the tenth century a.d. ext . bow of the ship - day Viking explorer leif ericson carefully study he fob compass as he dangle it above a parchment map . his sailor steal nervous look at a large , diabolical - look iron BOX in the hold . olaf , a fierce , one - eye Viking warrior approach ericson . note : dialog be in old norse , with subtitles ) olaf leif , let 's do the deed before another night fall . the crew 's near mutiny . ericson draw he broadsword with a flourish . leif ericson know this ! the first man to turn will taste my steel in he gut . olaf but we have surely go far enough . ericson that accurse box must be throw off the edge of the world . we will go until we can go no more ... suddenly there be a ear-splitt screech and the entire boat rock violently as it run aground . the lookout be throw from he crow 's nest ... and crash straight through the deck right in front of ericson . his pain voice float up from the black hole . lookout ... land ho . ericson wheel about just as the fog part off the starboard bow . ericson be p.o.v. a beautiful rustic coastline stretch off as far as the eye can see . leif ( gasp ) by odin 's beard ... ext . the new world - a harbor - sunset olaf finish digging a hole in the sand . he back away , terrify , as burly Viking , lead by ericson , muscle the iron BOX over to the hole and quickly bury it . ericson turn to a exotic-looking eurasian witch . ericson be quick , witch . let the deed be do . the witch unravel a scroll and recite : witch oh loki , ancient one . thy mischief dwell now in water , base and bland . and in wave and sand thy magic forever sleep ... as the witch speak , a strong wind kick up and a black wall of cloud appear . the sky explode in thunder and lightning . the men look about fearfully . ericson ( cont . ) back to the ship man , hurry . olaf Captain , you have discover a new world . it be you right to name it . ericson leave that to the italian . we be never come back here . never . this land be now curse . dissolve to : a sign : ' beach close - RAW sewage - no swimming ' ext . beach - present day hot , smoggy and pack . cityscape of tower skyscraper stand in the haze just beyond the crowded beach . super : edge CITY - the present a caffeine- drive d.j 's voice boom over the beach - goer ' radio . d.j. ( v.o. ) yessiree , it 's a four-alarm sizzler out there today with high in the upper ninety and no relief in sight . we have a third stage smog advisory and a metro traffic gridlock alert . flourocarbon be up , the Dow Jones be down and we be expect another spike Lee movie any second . in other word folk , it 's just another bee-youtiful day in Edge City . camera endframe on a industrial barge mark " Department of sanitation . " a crane 's cable line disappear underwater . ext . underwater - same time scuba welder repair a crack , scum spew pipe . one diver hit something hard with he dredger . he unearth ... the ancient iron BOX rust and barnacle partially obscure the engrave image of norse god and demon . the diver wedge he scuba knife under the corrode lock . Erie ' mask ' theme sfx rise as he try to pry open the lid . suddenly the pipeline break free , crush the diver and crack open the box . something ( see only in rippling shadow ) explode out of the box on a cloud of bubbles and shoot toward the surface . ext . water the mask surface in the f.g. as lighten explode across the distant cityscape . CUT to : ext . edge CITY bank a banner display they proud motto : " we bank on tomorrow . " ext . / int . edge CITY bank charlie schumacher ( 30' ) gaze out the window from he cluttere desk as the crack of thunder echos through the urban canyon . charlie look at that cloud rollin ' in , man . freaky weather . stanley ipkiss , a brightuey amiable young account exec pause by Charlie 's desk and drop off a print-out . stanley hey Charlie , can you go over this stat ? we be suppose to have a complete report before lunch . Charlie take one look at the complex print-out and toss they back . charlie woah . sorry stanley , I just have my weave tightened and my head be kill I . be a pal and take that over to hinkleman , will ya ? maggie , a cute young blonde now stroll by . maggie hi guy . do you have any luck with that concert ticket stanley ? stanley perk up at the sight of she . stanley I sure do . Friday night , just like you want . maggie oh , stanley , that 's wonderful . stanley what time should I pick you up ? maggie gee , I do not know . my best girlfriend just get into town and I know she would love to go . can we get a extra ticket for she ? stanley well ... uh , actually it 's sell out . I be kinda lucky to get this . maggie she 's only go to be in town a couple of day and I just can not let she sit at home all alone . be you sure there be not something we can do ? stanley consider the situation for a moment , then pull the ticket out of he pocket . stanley you know what ? here . you two go . maggie oh stanley , I could not do that . stanley no really . go ahead . it 's okay . I hate concert anyway . all that , you know ... music float around . maggie snatch the ticket from stanley 's hand . maggie that be so sweet . Sheila 's just go to love this . stanley so maybe you and I can get together over the weekend ? maggie I be not sure what 's go on , but just give I a call . you know I like to be spontaneous . stanley oh , sure . I too . maggie stanley ipkiss , you be the nicest guy . maggie give he a quick air-kiss and hurry off to she teller 's window . charlie that 's it . stanley what ? charlie the kiss of death . as soon as they use the " N " word it 's all over . stanley so maybe I be a nice guy . so what ? charlie you be a rug . I be talk astro-turf here . you be let this woman sharpen they cleat on you . stanley hey , I be a gentleman . if they can not appreciate that , it 's they problem . charlie you spend too much time be " nice " to a girl , you will wind up sittin ' around listen to she complain about the son of a bitch she really love . stanley Charlie , you be a very sick puppy . charlie wake up , stanley ! this be the ninety . we be deal with a entire generation of dysfunctional love junky . you can not romance them . you gotta confuse them . it 's the only thing that get they attention . ( pause ) let I demonstrate . you see that girl over there ? stanley look over at the coffee service where a attractive young woman be pour herself a cup of coffee . charlie ( cont . ) hi Lisa . lisa ( forget he name ) oh , hi ... charlie Charlie . lisa that 's right . sorry . charlie Lisa , this may seem a little odd , but my friend over there and I be have this discusion and I think maybe you could settle it for we . lisa I will help out if I can . charlie ( sheepishly ) actually , I do not know ... this be kind of a personal question . lisa that 's okay . go ahead . charlie alright . just for the sake of argument , if I be not a happily marry man ... be I the kind of guy you would go out with ? lisa oh , um ... I do not know . ( pause ) well ... yeah . I guess I would . charlie Lisa , I have terrific news for you . lisa what ? charlie I be not marry ! be this perfect or what ? listen , there 's not a lot of woman willing to come right out like that and admit they be attract to a guy , but ... Lisa slap Charlie , turn on she heel , and march off . charlie ( cont . ) jeez ... make up you mind . stanley give Charlie the fish eye as he return . charlie okay . bad example . some of this woman get so much baggage they need a emotional sky cap . I will tell you what stanley , tonight I be gonna take you on a love safari , deep into the darkest heart of the urban jungle . stanley and where 's that ? charlie the monkey 's paw . hottest new club in town . it 's a guarantee skirt alert and no dead beat allow . stanley so how be we gonna get in ? charlie woah , do I detect a little self - image problem there , buddy ? you just leave everything to I . this , my friend be go to be the perfect night on the town . suddenly a resounding peal of thunder ring out like the crack of doom . sheet of rain pour down on the bank 's window . ext . STREET pedestrian scramble for cover in the sudden downpour . int . bank - foyer a young woman scurries into the bank hold a newspaper over she head . she 's soaking wet and pause in the foyer to straighten herself out . Charlie immediately notice she ... charlie hold the phone . killer at three o'clock . stanley follow he gaze . stanley' p.o.v. camera do a classic cheesecake tilt - up start with the woman 's million dollar leg as she squeeze some of the water out of she skirt ... up past she body , which through she damp summer clothes be undeniable proof that there be a God ... up ... up ... to she face as that newspaper be toss aside . she 's a heart -stopp woman / child with a cupid 's bow mouth and ice blue eye . in other word she 's trouble . Big trouble , also know as tina carlyle . Charlie may as well have just see the virgin of guadalupe . charlie ( hushed reverence ) oh my god ... a perfect dime . the dame of dame . the moby of my dick . stanley easy Charlie . you will sprain you eye . Tina now enter and walk towards stanley and Charlie . tina Excuse I , where can I open a new account ? Charlie flash he best 100 watt smile . charlie you have come to the right place , mar 'am . just step right this way and pull up a chair ... Charlie try to steer Tina to he desk , but she 's still preoccupy with she damp clothing . tina oh , I be sorry . I be a complete wreck . will you hold this please ? she hand she shoulder bag to stanley and peel off she wet blazer , create another awe - inspiring visual moment . charlie here , let I take that for you . Charlie clutches she jacket with white knuckle . tina thanks . but Tina turn and sit at stanley 's desk ; Charlie be stunne at he near miss , but there 's not a thing he can do about it . stanley so , uh , what kind of account do you have in mind ? tina ( smile sweetly ) well , I be not sure exactly . I be just terrible with thing like that . that 's a interesting tie mr...? stanley ipkiss . stanley ipkiss ... Tina extend she hand . tina Tina carlyle . please to meet you . stanley the , uh ... pleasure 's all mine . Tina notice a box of kleenex on stanley 's desk . tina May I ? I be such a mess . stanley oh ... of course . Tina take out a compact and daintily blot the moisture from she face . tina as I be say about that tie . it 's like one of that , what do you call they , ink blot test . stanley a Rorschach test . she twist open a tube of lip gloss andbegin to run it across she incredibly lush liip . tina that 's it . it look like ... um . a young woman riding bareback . you know , like a Lady Godiva or something . stanley really ? I do not think I can ... she slowly run a finger along stanley 's tie . tina or ... if that 's not a horse it could be two lover . a man and a woman . that would be the woman on top , of course . stanley ( mesmerize ) ... of course . she lick she lip and blot they on the kleenex , leave a perfect kiss impression and drop it on stanley 's desk . tina what do you see , Mr. ipkiss ? stanley start to get uncomfortable under she gaze . stanley I do not know . ... bold color . it 's a power tie , y'know ? they be suppose to make you feel ... powerful . tina do it work ? stanley sort of . it 's just a tie . now , about that account . close - up as Tina drop she compact back in she shoulder bag and we see she flick a red l.e.d. light on . she carefully adjust the bag , aim a tiny camera lens neatly conceal within it . Tina 's point the bag at the open bank vault that stand a short distance from stanley 's desk . CUT to : c.u . - video monitor display the shot of the vault that Tina be broadcasting . wider - int . monkey' paw night club dorian tyrel - a slick nouveau-mobster complete with diamond ear stud and matsuda jacket watch the video broadcast from he inner sanctum ; a eclectic post - modern playroom with a array of electronic toy and minimalist gun rack . dorian sip nervously on a yoo- hoo as he watch the show . dorian that 's it sweetheart . a little to the right . his two gunsels , sweet eddy and chun woo be busy at the back of the room play air-hockey . serious firepower be visible in there shoulder holster . dorian ( cont . ) hey , will you guy keep it down back there ? dorian 's safe crack expert , a black hip - hop artist name doctor freeze scribbles note as he watch the screen with a practice eye . dr . freeze that 's cool , man . freeze it right there . dorian punch a button and the image freeze . dorian what do you think , Doctor ? dr . freeze layout 's not bad . we get we a sweet little Perkins / jen time lock . but they motion detector be put the chill on my thrill . dorian can you pull it off ? dr . freeze hey , you be talkin ' with the doctah , man . it 's all about time and money . dorian yeah , well the meter 's runnin ' on this one . we get less than a week . dr . freeze not cool . what about the coin ? dorian there 's plenty . and I will be happy to invest you share . dr . freeze what you talkin ' about , man ? dorian this be not about the lousy couple hundred thou ' that 's sit in that vault , freeze . that 's chump change . dr . freeze yeah ? then I be chump number one , man . dorian we gotta expand you horizon Doctor . take a look . dorian pull back a curtain . a amazingly gaudy building stand on a pier across the river from dorian 's club . a huge sign across it 's archway read : " open soon valhalla casino " . dorian ( cont . ) the valhalla casino . twenty mile of glass , neon , booze and dice . World class sucker bait . the grand open be Saturday night and it will drive this two bit club of mine out of existence . but I say if you can not beat them , take them over . dr . freeze yeah ? that 's arnie the swede 's place , man and he be one ice cold meatball eatin ' motha fucker . dorian leave he to I . you pull off this heist and I promise you , it will be all tit and champagne from here on in . CUT to : ext . river - culvert - sunset the mask lie tangle in a rat 's nest of seaweed and garbage that 's wash up in a culvert under a bridge . a large wharf rat now creep out along the garbage sniff curiously at its timeworn wooden surface . it take a tentative nibble . closer - the mask begin to shimmer ... to vibrate with its own magical inner life . the rat squeak and jump back , disturbing the pile of garbage . wider the mask be dislodge and float back out into the river . camera tilt up with the mask as it follow the current into the dark heart of the city . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - early evening stanley and Charlie be riding along at breakneck speed in a taxi cab . stanley hold it up right here , please . a gun port suddenly slam open and the wild - eye albanian taxi driver wheel about and cock a huge .45 from he side of the bullet riddled partition as the cab continue to barrel through traffic . driver hold up ?! no hold up ! I keel you very well ! I splatter you gut big time , Mr. cowboy man ! stanley dive for cover . charlie no ! no ! he only want you to stop the cab ! the driver instantly slam on the brake , throw he passenger forward mercilessly . driver ( now totally calm ) hokay . pardon you very much . Charlie help stanley sit back up . charlie it 's alright , stanley . stanley ( softly ) I hate this town . I really hate this town . charlie why be you get out here ? stanley I gotta pick up my car . charlie Fine . now do not forget . ten o'clock at the monkey 's paw . I have already get we line up with a couple of authentic dime . stanley step out of the cab . stanley Charlie , please . the last time you say that you show up with two lesbian mud-wrestler . charlie well , I can not promise we will get that lucky again ... later ! with a scream of tire the cab peel back out into traffic . CUT to : int . ripley's auto finishing - early evening stanley enter the grease spatter , cluttere garage and scan the area for sign of life . we can hear the clank -clank -crash of some less than light - finger automotive work in progress . stanley ding a little service bell sit on a counter plaster with naked playmate decoupage and Mrs. power tool ' 93 calendar . stanley ... hello ? irv , a lumber unshaven behemoth of a man with permanently low - sling refrigerator repairman pants , make he way past half rebuilt car carcass towards stanley . irv hang on . Hong on . do not get you panty in a twist . burt , a thin version of irv with Coke bottle glass and a mop of greasy hair , pop up from beneath a car , rip out of chunk of motor and wiring and hold it up to irv. burt ( examine part ) hey irv , what the hell be this ? irv ( eye it carefully ) ohh ... I dunno . about seven hundred buck . they both laugh evilly as irv slap burt on the back . irv make he way over to stanley , still chuckle to himself . irv now what can I do for you , bub ? stanley I be here for the Civic . irv japanese car , right ? kind of a nasty pea soup green ? stanley well , they call it emeral Forest , actually ... irv turn back to burt . irv burt ! pea green Civic ! burt pop back up from beneath the hood . burt Green Civic ... Green Civic . oh yeah ! brake drum be still on order and I be only halfway through rebuild the tran . stanley but I just bring it in for a oil change ! irv yeah ? well you be lucky we catch that other problem before they cause some serious trouble . stanley alright . alright . when will it be ready ? irv look over at burt , who give he a " make something up " look . irv come back tomorro ... ( burt shake he head " no " . ) ... first thing next wee ... ( burt shake again ) ... next month ? ( burt shake a enthusiastic " yes " . ) yeah , first thing next month . that 's if we can get the part . stanley what be I go to do in the meantime ? I can not afford to keep take cab all over town . irv smile a rotten-tooth smile . irv oh , hell ... we can take care of that ! ( to burt archly ) hey burt , bring around the loaner . ( to stanley ) and for you little buddy , only ten buck a day . CUT to : ext . monkey' paw - night the joint be jump with musclehead bouncers pick and choose from the crowd of terminally trendy wannabe be gather around the entrance . a light drizzle be fall . a parade of swanky car pull up one by one as car hop scurry to keep up with the flow ; a glisten pearlescent roll royce . a fire engine red Ferrari . a classic two tone corniche in tan and burgundy . and finally a break down citroen in rust bucket red and spackle gray rumble up to the front of the club with a disgruntled stanley behind the wheel . a car hop attempt to open the door , but it 's rusted shut . stanley throw he shoulder into it and the door finally pop open with a screech of metal . stanley nearly tumble out into the street . he smile nervously at a high class couple look with disdain at the eyesore- mobile . he pat the hood . stanley it 's a classic . the car hop jump in and try to throw the car into gear with a horrible grinding . he finally wave over two other car hop who quickly push it off down the street . charlie hey , stanley . Nice wheel . what be that , a roll canardley ? stanley a what ? charlie you know , a roll canardley . roll down one hill canardley roll up the next . ( he crack up ) stanley we be not discuss the car , okay ? charlie whatever you say , man . Charlie gesture expansively towards the club . charlie what do you think ? pretty terrific , huh ? this place make sodom and gomorrah look like mayberry . stanley now notice a life-size poster of Tina carlyle stand by the main entrance that read " feature the musical styling of miss Tina carlyle . " stanley hey , be not that ... charlie right . the wet dream from the bank . ( pause ) hold on ... I think I see my future ex-wife . two rather tacky look girl beckon Charlie from the crowd . girl hey Charlie ! Charlie ! charlie ( wave ) we be in luck . it 's barbie and pebbles . stanley do not it bother you that all the woman you know be name after cartoon character ? barbie and pebbles hurry over through the crowd . barbie we have be wait out here for hour . can you get we in ? charlie no , problemo . lady , this be my pal stanley ipkiss . ( lean closer ) stanley 's very influential in the banking business . Charlie be truly in he element as he elbow he way through the crowd drag he entourage with he . ext . the front door Charlie finally make through the crush of bady at the entry way 's velvet rope and call to one of the two hulk bouncers that guard the door . charlie hey Bobby ! Bobby , buddy . what 's happen man ? Bobby completely ignore Charlie as he usher a pasty face rock STAR and he underage tartlet past the rope . charlie ( cont . ) ( to the girl ) this will just take a second . ( to the other bouncer ) yo Nick ! it 's I ... Charlie ! Nick be also completely oblivious . stanley forget it , Charlie . I refuse to stand here wait to be judge by this power - mad steroid jockey . charlie how much cash you get on you ? stanley what ? charlie you hear I . how much you get ? stanley I dunno , fifty or sixty buck . charlie Hand it over . stanley no way . charlie hey , I will pay you back ! I be only carry plastic . c'mon man , you want to stand out here all night ? stanley begrudgingly start to count out some cash . Charlie snatch the whole wad and elbow he way back around to the rope . charlie ( subtly flash bill ) hey Bobby ! Bobby 's uncanny tip radar suddenly light up . bobby Charlie , how you doin ' man ? Long time no see . Bobby unsnap the rope for Charlie and get the cash handshake he long for . the crowd surge around Charlie , barbie and pebbles as they step by , briefly cut stanley off . he catch up just as the all - important rope be snapped close . stanley hey , wait a minute ! Charlie ! but Charlie and the girl have already be whisk inside . dorian now step out of the club and begin to check Bobby 's list . stanley ( cont . ) I be with they ! hey , Bobby ! but Bobby be back into he deaf and dumb routine . stanley unsnap the rope himself and start throgh . Bobby and bouncer # 2 immediately grab stanley and quickly subdue he . stanley hey ! leggo ... awk ! dorian glare at stanley . dorian lose he . the bouncer drag stanley through the crowd and unceremoniously toss he out into the rain-slick street . angle on the STREET stanley slowly rise , smoothing out he dishevel clothing . a horn blare and stanley scramble to one side as a limo swing into the club 's alleyway , splattering he with a wave of muddy water . stanley wipe the mud from he eye just in time to see Tina carlyle escort from the back of the limo by a chauffeur carry a umbrella . she 's shoe-horn into a heart -stopp red dress that 's fight a lose battle to restrain she decolletage . they eye meet . Tina pause as she recognize he . tina ( smile ) oh ... stanley . hi. stanley realize he look ridiculous but give a pathetic little wave hello anyway . tina ( cont . ) be you okay ? stanley gesture " no problem " and try to strike a casual pose against a street lamp , but slip and nearly fall . with a squeal of grind gear and the ka - pow of a backfire , the car hop pull stanley 's batter loaner right up behind he . stanley flash a last nervous smile at Tina , and dig for the car hop 's tip money ... nothing . he shrug apologetically to the disgust car hop and climb in . the car rattle , cough the finally roar off in a cloud of noxious exhaust fume . dissolve to : ext . tahoochie bridge - night a forlorn look spot on the outskirt of Edge City . we can hear stanley 's car sputter and popping along before it actually pull into sight on the dark rain-slick street . int . car stanley drive along in a miserable daze . suddenly the engine start knocking violently and the car die . ext . bridge steam hiss from the radiator as the car slowly roll to a stop . stanley grind the ignition key again and again try futilely to restart the engine . finally , stanley fight he way out of the rusted door with a squeal of metal , turn and kick the bumper ... which promptly fall off with a resounding clunk . beat . the front axle collapse , the tire fall off and the driver 's side door clatter to the ground . stanley stand there stare at the steaming heap of useless metal ... he mind a complete blank . he slowly turn , look down at the black brackish water swirl along beneath the tahoochie Bridge . a wave of melancholy sweep over he . stanley pluck a button from he coat and watch as it drop down ... down to the river below . suddenly , something catch stanley 's eye ... a body , float along in the darkness . he snap back to reality . stanley ( cont . ) hey ... hey mister ! ext . river bank stanley rush down the slippery embankment beneath the bridge . he spot the body dead ahead , float along in the moonlight and hurrie as fast as he can . camera dolly with stanley as he scramble down the slope ; a black cat yowls as it race past he . he step on and shatter a discard mirror , and he duck under a old ladder that lean against the bridge 's foundation as he finally reach the shore . stanley splashes into the waist deep water just in time to catch the body as it float by . closer - body as stanley grab it , the " body " fall to piece ... revealing that it 's nothing but a trash bag , a old tire and some float bit of garbage all cling to the " head " : a old wooden mask . stanley shake he head in disgust ... some lifesaver . stanley inspect the mask more closely ; strange ritualistic symbol carve into a puckish face with a leer grin and eerie empty eye hole . the faintest sound of a haunt " mask sfx theme " rise as stanley turn the mask around and inspect the inside ... slowly bring it closer and closer to he face . the surface of the mask begin to shimmer . but then ... ribet ! a frog jump out of it , right into stanley 's face . stanley nearly lose he foot on the slippery river bottom . suddenly a blind spotlight shine down from the bridge and a amplify voice call out from a squad car . policeman hey , you ! what be you do down there ? stanley squint into the light , try to think of a reasonable answer . stanley I be just look for ... ( hold up mask ) my mask . CUT to : int . monkey' paw - night the club be close up . waiter stack chair on top of table in the b.g. as Tina gather she sheet music from she pianist . tina thanks reno , you be the great . reno g'night , doll . Tina cross to the bar area where dorian lounge with dr . freeze , sweet eddy and chun woo . dorian toast she as she pull up a bar stool . dorian that be a great performance , baby . but not as great as the one you pull off at the bank . tina yeah , well do not get use to it . I be not go to start run con for you again , dorian . I be a singer now and that 's it . dorian roll he eye at freeze , " get she " . dorian oh , really ? and you have such a red hot career before you latch on to I ? Tina pour herself a drink . tina who latch on to who ? dorian get real , Tina . you will do what I say or I will drop you back where I find you , slingin ' hash and dodgin ' horny peterbuilt driver . tina ( downs a shot ) do not push I , nicky . I might just take a walk I should have take a long time ago . dorian ( chuckle ) easy , baby . easy . ( to he man ) I love it when she get piss . dorian scoot over and put a arm around Tina . she remain cool . dorian ( cont . ) c'mere . you take a hike and who 's gonna kiss you like dorian tyrel . Tina pour another shot . dorian ( cont . ) c'mon . who ? Tina finally crack a smile . tina nobody . dorian ( pull she close ) that 's right , baby . c'mere . Tina slowly lean in for a kiss , she lip softly parte ... but raise a finger to dorian 's lip , stop he cold . she glance over at freeze . tina sorry . I never get personal in front of the help . Tina abruptly stand and exit as freeze glare at she . dorian break into laughter . dorian that broad kill I . dr . freeze she just might , man . the bitch be trouble . dorian pour they all a drink . dorian c'mon Doctor , lighten up . ( raise he glass ) here 's to Edge City Bank . May it crack like a egg on Easter Sunday . they glass clink . CUT to : ext . apartment build - night the police car pull up in front of stanley 's brownstone and he wearily climb out . officer okay , Mr. ipkiss . try to be a little more careful next time . stanley thanks Officer . the black and white pull away and stanley start across the empty street . voice hey , mister ... stanley turn . a razor - cut death' head punker hop down from a fire escape in a darken alleyway . death' head you a cop or something ? a half dozen other death' head appear out of the shadow all deck out in nipple chain , tattoo and other self - mutilation - as-fashion oddment . stanley uh ... no . they just give I a lift . death' head a cop chauffeur ? I never see that before . how about you boy ? the other death 's head pipe up with " not I , " " nope , " " pretty special , " etc . as they slowly surround stanley . stanley alright , you guy . it 's be a tough night . I have not get any money . I have not get a car . all I have be this and you be welcome to it . stanley toss death 's head # 1 the mask . he briefly inspect the funky look antique , still slick with river slime , then toss it back . he approach stanley . death' head hey , man . you get we all wrong . we do not want any trouble . I be just go to ask you for the time . that 's all . you get the time ? stanley uh ... yeah . as stanley pull back he sleeve to check he watch , the death 's head flick out a butterfly knife . with a flash of steel , he slice straight through stanley 's watch band and snatch the watch . death' head ( hold up he prize ) see , I only want the time ! heh , he , heh ... all the punker laugh like the half - wit they be as death 's head # 1 shove stanley into death 's head # 2 . # 2 push he back across to # 3 and so on . stanley be roughly bounce back and forth more and more violently within the circle of giggle street tough . he finally break free and scramble to he front door , still reeling with dizziness . he fumble with the key and slam the door behind he as the death 's head roar with laughter . CUT to : int . apartment build - night stanley 's wet shoe squeak as he tiptoe past - apartment " a " - manager a sign that read " quiet please " hang from the doorknob . stanley continue past it to apartment " B " . just as he remove he key - the manager 's door fly open and mrs . peenman appear . she 's a old dragon in hair curler who will probably live forever just to spite she relative . mrs . peenman ipkiss ! do you have any idea what time it be ? reflexively , he look at he ( now empty ) wrist . stanley actually , no . mrs . peenman it 's three o'clock in the morning ! first , you wake up the entire building laugh it up with you pal . then , you come in and start squeak - ( see puddle ) my new carpet ! just look at that ! this be come out of you clean deposit ipkiss ! stanley , batter , bruise and soaking wet be deep in urban shell - shock . stanley ( softly ) be you do ? mrs . peenman ... yes . stanley I think I will be go to bed now . Mrs. peenman slam she door . int . stanley' apartment - continue small , full of book but very neat . a few cherish animation cel from 1940s cartoon be frame on the wall . as stanley lock the door behind he - he 's greet by milo , a happy little terrie size mutt with a big heart . stanley hello , milo . milo get so excited he start gagging and coughing . stanley ( cont . ) easy , buddy . I miss you too . stanley pat milo on the rump , cross he tiny kitchenette and head straight into ... the bedroom stanley 's prize collection of " golden Age " looney tune tape be neatly display on a simple bookshelf . he toss the mask down on he bedside table , pop one of he cherish tex avery cartoon into the V.C.R. , plop down on he bed and start to strip off he shoe and sock . milo enter , hold a frisbee in he mouth . stanley ( cont . ) c'mon , milo . I be beat . ( to the dog yip ) okay , okay . one throw . stanley toss the frisbee into the air . the disk sail ... out of the bedroom and into the hallway milo run it down , leap up , and make a perfect catch . he trot back to the bedroom , and drop it in stanley 's lap . stanley easy . this be the best part . on the screen a cartoon dog ZzZip into frame and drop a frizzing stick of dynamite down a bad guy 's pants . ka - boom ! the dog laugh maniacally . suddenly there be a pounding on the wall that rattles stanley 's frame cartoon cel . stanley ( cont . ) ( call out ) sorry Mrs. peenman . with a sigh , he eject the tape and a much quieter talk show pop on . Larry King and a guest . stanley rise and cross into the bathroom to wash up . angle on t.v. King 's guest , Dr. Arthur neuman , be replying to a caller . dr . neuman that 's correct . the truth be we all wear mask , metaphorically speak . we repress the id ... we darkest desire and hide behind a more socially acceptable image of ourselves in order to cope with the frustration of we day to day life . stanley 's only half listen though the open bathroom door as he brushes he tooth . stanley think I be repress , milo ? stanley try a couple of fierce expression in the bathroom mirror , he mouth foam with toothpaste . milo do that doggie-head - cocked - sideways " what the hell ? " look . stanley ( cont . ) ( half -heartedly ) Nah . he spit and rinse . angle on t.v. as King wrap it up , display the doctor 's book . larry king the book be " the mask we wear , " by Dr. Arthur neuman . thank you Dr. neuman . stanley pop off the t.v.with he remote . stanley no thank you , Dr. neuman . as he button up he p.j.s , stanley notice milo warily sniff at the strange mask , which be still lie on the bedside table . a subtle shimmer cross its surface . milo whimper and quickly hop off the bed . we now begin to hear the " mask theme " ... echoe of the pounding Viking drum ... grow louder . haunting whispery voice seem to call to stanley as he slowly cross to the bedside . he pick up the mask and turn it over in he hand run he finger across the time work wood . the music build ... he turn back to the bathroom mirror and slowly raise the mask to he face . milo watch apprehensively from beneath the bed . for a instant - the mask shrink wrap like a vacuum over stanley 's head . we hear the piercing mask sfx . then , a beat later , the mask be off with a pop . the sfx stop . stanley ( cont . ) whoa . stanley study the old mask , then he own face in the mirror . everything 's status quo . it must have be he imagination . stanley ( cont . ) naw ... he put the mask on again - firmly this time . milo dive under the bed as ... a incredible metamorphosis begins : rubbery wooden whip shoot out of the mask and wrap around stanley 's head - lock the mask in place . stanley' pajamas magically reweave themselves ... grow in all direction . he head throbs and expand , turn lime green as it unite with the mask . stanley grab he head - his body begin to move uncontrollably . spin faster and faster like a gyroscope . the sfx get loonier and loonier as he become ... a human tornado . stanley 's word be almost unintelligible as he voice jump one , two , five octave . stanley hellllllllppppmmmmmmmeeeeeeeee ... a hand reach out of the twister and lock onto the bedpost . the whirlwind screech to a halt , cause spark and smoke to rise from the singe carpet . the smoke clear revealing ... the mask creature he 's dress in a snazzy zoot suit - a distortion of the paisley material of stanley 's pajamas . the head be no longer stanley 's . it 's large , bald and bright green . the huge bug-ey glow with mischief . the nose be small , bony and beak . the mouth and tooth be enormous and gleam white as he break into a learn grin . the overall effect be devilishly loony , but not altogether unhuman . in fact , there 's something downright charming about he . the mask check himself out in the mirror and like what he see . the mask s-s-s-nazzy ! he snap he bow tie with a crazy gleam in he eye . the mask ( cont . ) it 's party time ! int . hallway - night try to ber very , very quiet , the mask tiptoe down the darken corridor . the floor make a barely audible creeeek as the mask step with exaggerated care pst apartment " a " with it 's little " quiet please " sign . he raise a finger to he lip , make the " shush " sign . suddenly - and unexplicably - a ringing alarm clock leap out of stanley / mask 's pocket and start jittering down the hall . stanley / mask o , jeeper --! stanley / mask try to snag the clock , but it bounce away every time . frustrate , he pull a full size sledgehammer from he pocket and start pounding the floor in a effort to stop the clock . glancing blow shatter the clock face and most of the work , but that bell just keep ringing . the hammer , of course , slam crater the size of manhole cover into the floor and reverberate through the building like thunderbolt . the door burst open and Mrs. peenman 's angry face pop out cover in blue mud pack and frame in curler . she get one look at the mask with he oversize carnival mallet raise over he head and scream bloody murder . the mask scream in response , he eye bugging out on stalk and he mouth expand to the size of a tuba in mock horror . Mrs. peenman 's door slam shut and reopen a beat later as she appear cock a enormous shotgun . mask easy lady ! I be just killin ' time ! the mask start ricochete off the wall hooting maniacal laughter as Mrs. peenman let loose with both barrel . ka - boom . the mask bounce off wall as Mrs. peenman continue to blast away , and finally leap straight out the window . kee -rash . ext . apartment - night send he body sailing we through the air towards the street seven storey below . stanley / mask ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh - ext . CITY STREET - night splat . stanley / mask land face up in the middle of the street . he slow ... painfully start to rise as a STREET cleaning machine turn a corner and run directly over he . the machine disappear down the street as we hold on stanley / mask 's flatten body . he raise one arm , grab himself by the head and peel himself off the street . he shake himself out with one sharp crack and straighten he zoot suit . he 's shocked to find a tiny spot on he sleeve . stanley / mask hey ! you miss a spot ! as if on cue , a second street clean machine slam into he and run over he again . this time he reinflate himself back into 3 - D by blow into he thumb and hop up . stanley /mask and next time , no starch ! fully recover , stanley / mask start down the street , strutting like a prize fighter . voice hey mister ... death 's head punker # 1 hop down from he fire esscape behind the mask . death' head # 1 ( grin evilly ) ... you get the time ? the mask turn to see he be surround by the death 's head punker . he seem to be delighted by they presence , but now that they see he face , they be totally freak . mask ( wiggle eyebrow ) why of course , cubbie . I get all the time in the world ! he whip out he forearm ( which grow large for emphasis cartoon - style ) . it 's cover with crazily spin watch , chiming cuckoo clock and sun dial . mask London , Paris , Rome , standard , substandard and no standard at all ! and for we English friend we have ... Big Ben ! death' head # 1 Big Ben ? stanley / mask kick a nearby street post , snap it in half and send a large decorative street clock plummeting into the sidewalk . ka - bong ! it completely obliterate death 's head # 1 . the other gang member jump back in shock as the mask race around the corner . death' head # 2 get he ! the death 's head pull out nasty homemade weapon and race around the corner into the alleyway . int . alley they come to a screeching halt as they discover stanley / mask dress as a carnival barker . multicolor light and calliope music come from out of nowhere . mask and for my next trick ... Long pink and blue balloon appear in stanley / mask 's hand and he instantly go into a frenzy of twist and knotting they into a elaborate balloon sculpture . squeak . squeak . screech . the death 's head be too stunne by the severe weirdness of all this to do anything but stand there and stare . ( this guy be no rocket scientist in the first place . ) mask ( cont . ) and viola ! we have a giraffe ! sure enough , he 's create a first rate balloon sculpture . he hand it to the biggest , dumbest death 's head , who grin like a little kid upon receive it . the mask instantly go into another flurry of motion , sculpting more balloon . screech pop . mask ( cont . ) a few more twist of the wrist and for you , cubbie . he hand this next prize to death 's head # 3 . mask ( cont . ) a french poodle ! and finally my favorite ... he go into another flurry of motion . e.c.u . - balloon as the mask pull the end of the knotted balloon , it straighten out and morph into ... mask ( cont . ) a Tommy gun ! a real one ! he immediately spray the death 's head with hot lead . ratatatatatat ! the greasy punker dive for cover and scramble out of the alley under a hail of bullet . stanley / mask toss the gun aside , intoxicate with he newfound power . mask ( cont . ) wait a minute . this be incredible ! why , with this power I could be a superhero ! I could fight crime ... work for world peace ... c.u . - the mask mask ( cont . ) but first !... CUT to : ext . ripley's auto finishing - night it 's late , but there 's still a light on inside . int . garage - night burt and irv , both woozy from drink , attempt to finish a card game . a dozen empty beer bottle and two half eat chili dog adorn the table . irv take a big bite of he chili dog and pause to regard it like a true connoisseur . irv now this be serious chili dog . burt I know . here 's the proof ... ( let out a long buuurp ) aaah . even tastier the second time around . irv lean forward and stick out he index finger . irv hey burt , pull on my finger . burt no way , man . irv no , really . go ahead . burt irv , do not ... irv raise a leg anyway and rip off a nasty fart . braaap ! irv ( proudly ) that , my friend be the sweet smell of success . burt ( shrug ) no style . I give it a five top . irv okay , how about ... soprano . irv shift he weight and hit a amazing high note . pweeeeep ! burt be impressed in spite of himself . burt Fine muscle control . irv and now for my grand finale , thanks ... the audience be listen ! irv let one loose in perfect sensurround . suddenly the front door explode inward . stanley / mask stand there silhouetted like a gunfighter from a clint eastwood movie . irv squint into the light , unable to make out the mysterious figure . irv hey , 40 watt ... we be close ! nobody 's here . mask ah ... but you be here . irv rise . irv what I mean be ... he let loose a sneaker to help make he point . poooot . irv nobody 's here that want to help you . stanley / mask now step into the light . mask but I be here to help you . burt and irv 's eye go wide as they get a better look at they nemesis . fear loosen irv 's sphincter and a last feeble bit of gas escape with a fweep ! stanley / mask whirl about with a flourish and pull two gleam muffler from the wall . mask sound like you have a little exhaust problem there ! there 's a mad gleam in he eye as he spin the muffler like two huge pistol and snap they to a halt . mask ( cont . ) we better do a few touch up before you have some serious trouble . the mask twirl out of frame like a human tornado . camera push in past burt and irv 's shocked expression into a e.c.u. of the garage 's bare light bulb as it jiggle on its wire . we can not see the mayhem , but we can hear wacky / bizarre sound f.x. as the mask whirl about the garage . whiz ! screech ! bang ! ahooga ! burt and irv no !... wait ! eeeeeyaah ! slow dissolve to : as that light bulb become the morning SUN peak over Edge City 's skyline . camera pull back through stanley 's bedroom window ... int . stanley' apartment - bedroom - dawn stanley slowly awaken . he grab he head and moan , look and feel completely hang over . then suddenly he remember - and jump out of bed with a start . he look in the mirror , touch he face . it 's the same old stanley . he look at he paisley pj 's . same old pj 's . he pick up the mask . same old mask . stanley a dream ... it be only a dream . stanley start to relax . there 's a knock at the door . int . hallway - dawn stanley 's greet by lo. kellaway ( 50 ) . this hound - dog of a cop can not help but stare at stanley 's garish pajamas . lo. kellaway Nice pj 's pal . stanley can I help you ? lo. kellaway you be ipkiss ? stanley ipkiss ? stanley that 's right . lo. kellaway some kind of prowler break in and attack Mrs. peenman . stanley ( swallow hard ) really ? I do not hear a thing . lo. kellaway then you must be a pretty sound sleeper , ipkiss ' cause she unload a couple round of 20 ott buckshot five foot from you door . kellaway swing stanley 's door open wider to give he a better view of the damage . Mrs. peenman stand there in the hall tearfully speak to anither officer . stanley be flabbergasted to see : quick cut c.u . - the shotgun blast in the wall . c.u . - the pot hole leave from the mallet . c.u . - the shattered remain of the wacky alarm clock . all flashback from last night ! stanley ( gasp ) that 's ... impossible ! lo. kellaway Excuse I ? stanley quickly pull himself together . stanley that 's ... a , possible . see , I have this inner ear problem . ( wiggle a finger in he ear vigorously ) sometimes I can not hear a thing . kellaway ( skeptical ) be that a fact ? stanley what ? kellaway lean closer to speak more loudly , but catch himself and shoot stanley a dirty look . kellaway forget it . he hand stanley he card . kellaway ( cont . ) here . you remember anything unusual about last night , anything at all , call I . stanley sure ... thanks . stanley slam the door and throw he body against it , he heart pound in he chest . milo give he that curious dog-head - cocked - sideways look . stanley ( cont . ) milo , it be real ! how could it all be ... real ? stanley suddenly notice the clock on the wall . stanley ( cont . ) oh my god . I be late ! he race into the bedroom . int . hallway kellaway be take note as patiently as he can from Mrs. peenman . kellaway look , Mrs. peenman , you gotta admit you description be pretty tough to swallow . mrs . peenman then you can choke on it for all I care . I see what I see . kellaway right. ( refer to note ) a green head the size of a pumpkin , purple zoot suit and spat . that 's a pretty serious fashion risk for any self - respect second story man . a officer now hurry up the step all out of breath . officer Lt. , we just get a emergency call from a mechanic on 67th Street . kellaway what ? policeman some kind of assault and battery . sound pretty bad . kellaway ( sigh ) alright . do ' worry Mrs. peenman , we will find this guy for you . Officer deluca here have a few form you will have to fill out . CUT to : int . stanley' apartment stanley rush around the apartment , but he can not find he key anywhere . he finish tie he tie as he search . stanley milo ! key ! key ! int . live room - same time milo 's ear prick . he leap up and immediately start sniff around . he pull a cushion off the sofa and emerge with the key just as stanley come out , briefcaase in hand . stanley good boy . he pet he dog , take he key and start out the door ... but he pause to take a last look at the mask ... it 's eerie black eye hole and devilish grin seem to mock he . on sudden impulse , he grab it , hurl it out the balcony 's slide glass door and exit . slow - mo - the mask sail end over end through the air . ext . build as the mask fly out into the sir , a sudden wind kick up . the mask arc back toward the building like a boomerang and land balanced precariously on a narrow ledge . its mock grin seem to glow with triumph . CUT to : ext . ripley's auto finishing - day the place look like it 's be hit by cartoon graffiti guerrilla : everything 's print in polka-dot , check , tartan , etc . the " ripley Auto finish " sign hang askew over the doorway . letter have be spray out to read " rip off ! " several reporter and curious onlooker stand nearby as kellaway and he man take it all in . paramedics appear wheeling burt and irv out of the building on two gurney . they be both in severe discomfort and look more like car than man : body spray paint metallic color , hood ornament glue to they forehead , wire rim under each limb , and gleam four foot long muffler stick out of they rear end . they wince in pain at each tiny bump of the gurney . burt and irv ah !... eeeh !... ooh ! paramedic # 3 speak into he emergency radio- phone as burt and irv be load into the van . paramedic # 3 I want a proctologist stand by ! yeah , you hear I ! the best one you can find . a officer step out of the building and approach kellaway . officer we be able to get a description Lt. , but it 's pretty weird . kellaway ( sigh ) let I guess ... Big green head . Zoot suit . officer how do you ... kellway whoever this guy be , he 's a world class twisto . peggy brandt , a attractive young woman in she mid twenty , appear besides the other reporter and approach kellaway , notepad in hand . peggy Excuse I , Lt. , I be with the even Star . can you tell I what happen here ? kellaway sorry . too early to comment . peggy it look like some kind of mob scare tactic . kellaway I say no comment . now break it up . this be a crime scene . as the officer disperse the reporter and other onlooker , Peggy slip away from the group . even though it 's close off with yellow police tape , Peggy slip inside the garage . int . mechanic' office - day the empty garage have be turn into a topsy - turvy nightmare . the same cartoon paint job cover the wall . Peggy look around , sifting through some papers scattered all over the floor . nothing . then she spy the complaint BOX . Peggy open it and pull out a handful of pink " comment " slip . she look at they . almost all of they be from one customer - stanley ipkiss . int . bank - day stanley , still look rumple and unshaven , hurriedly take off he coat and power up he computer . Charlie step over to he desk carry a newspaper . charlie what happen to you last night ? the girl and I be look all over for you . stanley I uh , do not feel so good . I decide to go home early . charlie as a matter of fact , you do not look so good . you get to take better care of yourself , man . stanley how be the club ? charlie be you kid ? it be hotter than a pistol . do you see the paper ? stanley no . charlie you girlfriend get a great review . chralie flip open the entertainment section of the even Star . there 's a great close - up of Tina sing she heart out with the headline " bombshell explode at monnkey 's paw . " mr. dickey , the smarmy office manager who be young than stanley , now appear . dickey ipkiss ! you be forty minute late ! every time you do that you be robbing this bank of its time and money ! stanley sorry , Mr. dicky . it will not happen again . dickey ( snatch newspaper ) if you be not so busy ogling girlie picture you would get some work do around here . charlie ah ... she 's a prospective client of stanley 's , sir . dickey ( sudden attitude change ) she be ? well ... next time she come in see that you send she directly to my office . stanley yes sir , Mr. dickey . dickey toss the paper back on stanley 's desk and march off through the bank . charlie look at that little creep . if it be not for he daddy he would be out somewhere shakin ' down school kid for lunch money . stanley toy with the kleenex that bear Tina 's lipstick " kiss " . stanley you think she ever will come back , Charlie ? charlie who know ? forget about she , stanley . a dame like that be always look for the b.b.d . the bigger better deal . ask she what she sign be and she will say dollar . stanley you do not know that . she 's a artist . maybe she 's sensitive . charlie yeah . she can sense a guy 's credit line at two hundred yard . stanley , you need a girl you can depend on . someone a little more down to earth ... someone like ... angle across the bank as Peggy brandt stop by a teller 's window , look sharp and pretty in a blazer and jeans . peggy Excuse I , can you tell I where I can find stanley ipkiss ? back to charlie charlie like she ! someone like she . ( straighten tie ) as a matter of fact I could use someone like she myself . ( rise as Peggy approach ) hel - lo there . May I be of some assistance ? peggy stanley ipkiss ? Charlie begrudgingly point to stanley . peggy ( cont . ) hi. I be Peggy brandt . I be with the even Star . stanley oh , hi . I already have a subscription , thanks . peggy oh no , actually I just want to ask you a few question . stanley really ? about what ? peggy ripley Auto finish . you be a customer of theirs be not you ? stanley I ... uh . no . I think you must have make a mistake . Peggy produce one of the complaint slip . peggy be not this a form of theirs you fill out ? stanley ( nervous chuckle ) oh , that ripley Auto . I guess I have stop in there once or twice , miss ... what do you say you name be ? peggy Peggy brandt . stanley wait a minute ... Peggy brandt of " ask Peggy " ? peggy that 's right . stanley ( brighten up ) you print my letter last year , remember ? " Nice guy finish last . " peggy you be Mr. Nice guy ? stanley do you realize how much mail we get about that letter ? there 's hundred of woman out there who be look for a man just like you . stanley be you serious ? peggy of course . do you know how hard it be to find a decent man in this town ? most of they think monogamy be some kind of wood . stanley why be you cover this story ? peggy they cut my salary . I just can not make it by on " dear Peggy " anymore . the truth be , I want to be a real reporter and if I can break this story I know they will let I . ( sit closer ) look stanley , I know ripley Auto be a crooked operation . they may even have have tie to the mob . I be not out to get you . I just want the truth . stanley I wish I know the truth , Peggy . I really do . CUT to : ext . monkey' paw entrance - afternoon a well dress man check from beneath he sunglass to see nobody 's watch and rap on the door . it open and he quickly disappear inside . int . dorian' office sweet eddy escort he inside . the man remove he glass and glance about nervously . dorian sit at he desk . Dr. freeze and chun woo be go over a array of high tech burglary equipment laid out on the air hockey table . dorian good afternoon , councilman snell . Nice of you to drop by . snell cut the crap . dorian . what 's so important that I have to come here in person ? dorian gaze out the window to the valhalla casino . dorian I get a little job for you , Tom . I want you to pull the swede 's gambling license . snell that 's impossible . he be approve six month ago . dorian pull a few string . find something in the fine print . I do not care how you do it , but do it . you owe I . snell ( chuckle ) I owe you nothing , you little piece of shit . I get you liquor license when nobody else would touch ... dorian suddenly explode , overturn he desk and send snell tumble backwards . in less than a heartbeat , he grab snell by he shirt ffront , slam he up against the wall , smashes a whiskey bottle and press the jag edge to he throat . snell hang there whimper . dorian have a craze look in he eye as he gaze at the councilman 's lapel . dorian ( softly ) that 's pretty . what be that , a carnation ? snell nod . dorian take a deep whiff . dorian ( cont . ) Nice . hey , eddy ... call my florist . two dozen pink carnation to Mrs. snell with my regret over she husband 's untimely accident . tear begin to well up in snell 's eye . snell ( gasping ) no ... please . I can do it . I can make it happen . dorian ease back ... brushes off snell 's coat . dorian that 's smart . you be a very smart man . now pull yourself together . look at you . dorian pick up a uzi from Dr. freeze 's equipment . dorian ( cont . ) shut the swede down , snell . we will buy he out cheap with a little collateral the bank be about to provide we . ( look at he man ) and gentlemen ... we be go to be in the casino business . CUT to : ext . stanley' brownstone - night distant siren can be hear over the occasional sound of a gunshot . it 's a reasonably peaceful night in Edge City . int . stanley' bedroom - night camera slowly pan off of Tina 's picture , which be now tape to stanley 's dresser mirror ... to stanley himself as he toss and turn in a fitful sleep . milo lie curl up at the foot of the bed . he look concerned over the little noise stanley be make in he sleep . camera push into a e.c.u. of stanley as we dissolve through into : stanley' dream - a 1940s noir-style montage : huge soft - light face loom over he , one dissolve into the next ... Tina , luminous and breathtaking speak under heavily lidd eye . tina or it could be two lover . that would be the woman on top , of course ... Charlie loom up out of the darkness . charlie forget she , stanley . ask she what she sign be and she will say dollar . Mr. dickey appear , glaring down angrily at stanley . dickey every time you be late ipkiss , you be robbing this bank ! the shrink from the " larry King show " float by on a cloud of pipe smoke . dr . neuman we must repress we id ... we deep darkest desire . finally Tina again stand beside the limo as she be that night in the monkey 's paw alley : tina hey , be you okay . stanley stand at the curb , but this time he 's not splatter with mud . he 's deck out in first class armani and look suave as hell . he look straight into she eye . stanley I be now . c'mere , baby . tina ( swoon ) oh , stanley ! she run to he arm and they embrace in a passionate kiss . but Tina suddenly pull back and begin rapidly lick stanley 's ear ... which be kinda weird . e.c.u . - stanley stanley Tina ? stanley suddenly realize milo be lick he ear ... and he 's just wake up . stanley ( cont . ) milo , down . he push milo away , toss back the cover and rise out of bed . it 's still the dead of night and stanley be all in a huff from he dream . he spot Tina 's clipping on he dresser mirror and rip it off , upset with himself . stanley ( cont . ) stupid , stupid . she would never ... stanley wheel about and to he complete surprise see ... the mask through he bedroom window , propped up on the fourth story ledge . its leer grin seem to beckon stanley as we begin to hear the pounding beat of the mask f.x. theme . stanley stand transfix , stare at the moonlit face . he can almost hear echos of faint whisper voice call he name . a deadly siren song above the pound drum . stanley ( softly ) no ... he back away from the window . e.c.u . - the mask shimmer as the whisper grow louder . stanley take a last look at the crumpled picture of Tina in he hand and finally lose control . he bolt from the room . ext . balcony - night stanley be a drive man as he make he way out onto the narrow ledge . milo tug at he pajama leg , but stanley kick he away and climb out over the ledge . the ledge stanley waver precariously on the crumble masonry , then catch he balance . his face be bath in sweat as he gaze at the leer face . f.x. music thunder in he head . the mask ( faint echos ) stanley ... stanley . stanley try to steady himself , he eye transfix on he prize . stanley just ... one ... last ... time . he lurch back out and make he way one shaky step at a time towards the mask . milo watch from the apratment window , whimper softly . c.u . - the ledge narrow masonry begin to crumble . stanley carefully reach down , he finger just brush the mask as he teeter out over nothingness . night traffic whizze by down below . the masonry crack away . stanley scream as he begin to fall , jam the mask to he face . int . apartment the window suddenly explode inwards as the whirling stanley / mask tornado burst into the room . milo dive for cover . the tornado scorch the rug as it wheel around the room , then screech to a halt , revealing the mask in he full glory . he strike a grand entrance pose with he arm hold high . mask ( sing ) I gotta be I ! I just gotta be I ! he ZzZip into the bathroom int . bathroom the mask stick the picture of Tina on the bathroom mirror and blow she a kiss . mask ( a 'la Big bopper ) oooooh bay-bee . I knoooooows what you likah ! he sprout a couple of extra arm as he madly brushes he tooth , spray on cologne and bat himself with a powder puff all at once . he ZzZip into the bedroom . int . bedroom the mask stand before a full length mirror and check himself out . with a magical " hand be quick than the eye " move , he change wardrobe instantly ... now pose in a effete fashion victim Don Johnson - style suit . mask the g.q. look ?... naw . in a twinkling he 's change again : now in MTV rapper-style over - size jeans and backwards baseball cap . mask ( cont . ) 501' ? ( shake he head ) for buttonhead only . he change again in a flash ... this time he 's naked except for he calvin klein underwear ( he stomach muscle appear super - cut washboard - style ) . mask ( cont . ) marky Mark , eat you heart out . he change one last time and appear in a wild banana yellow zoot suit complete with a snap brim fedora . that 's the ticket ! mask ( cont . ) s-s-s-mokin ! now let 's see ... the mask quickly search he pocket . he pull he pants pocket inside out and a moth flutter out . mask ( cont . ) what ? seem to be a minor cash flow problem here ! I do not like to keep a lady wait , but ... ( point a finger in the air ) first thing first ! the mask ZzZip out of frame . CUT to : ext edge CITY bank - night the street be quiet and empty , except for a dipsy doodle diaper delivery van park across from the bank . int . truck crowd with dorian 's man , it 's be set up as a makeshift control room for the robbery . Dr. freeze slap a clip in he 9 mm and look down through the van 's false bottom to sweet eddy , who be stand in a open manhole work on a bundle of underground wiring . dr . freeze what 's the e.t.a .? sweet eddy another five minute . freeze synchronize he watch . dr . freeze count down ... now . freeze press a button on the side of a miniaturized headset he 's wear dr . freeze ( cont . ) ( into headset ) lookin ' good here , my man . intercut - dorian' office he sit at he desk , speak into a high tech walkie talkie . in the b.g. dorian 's wall - mount video monitor display live shot of the club in full swing . dorian Nice work , freeze . you boy be on you own now . I have get to make sure I be see downstairs . dr . freeze ( v.o. ) do it , man . the doctah be about to operate . int . van freeze turn to he man . dr . freeze gentlemen ... ( cock he gun ) let 's do we duty and grab the booty . the burglar gather they gear when suddenly the bank alarm start ringing . freeze look down the hole to sweet eddy . dr . freeze ( cont . ) what the hell you doin ' , fool ? sweet eddy nothing ! I do not do nothing ! freeze ( to the other ) c'mon ! you keep that motor runnin ' ! ext . bank freeze and company race across the street with gun draw . angle on the bank door freeze and chun woo flatten themselves on either side of the door as burglar # 4 drop to one knee and quickly pick the lock . suddenly the glass door explode wide open as a human whirlwind burst out of the bank , shoot right past they and zig -zag up the street . twenty dollar bill slowly drift down onto the stunne robber in its wake . in a instant the whirlwind do a u-turn , zig - zag race back up to they and screech to a halt . the mask , still in he banana yellow zoot suit and carry huge sack of money like Santa Claus , pluck that stray twenty from the air , one , two , three . mask sorry , fella . waste not want not ! and zzzoom , he 's off again . hooting laughter like a maniac . freeze pull he gun . dr . freeze get that sucker ! two cop car now squeal around the corner , they siren blaring and roar up the street at the bank robber . dr . freeze oh , shit ! the robber race back to the van , dive inside and peel out . the police open fire as they roar after they in hot pursuit . bullet tear into the van , blow out the rear window . CUT to : ext . monkey' paw the die -hard crowd of trendies be pile up outside as usual clamoring to get in . but a buzz of excitement begin to travel through the crowd as one by one they notice ... a limousine but not just any limousine . as it slowly pull up by the front of the club we realize it 's long ... longer ... the longest limousine we 'vve ever see . finally the passenger door roll into sight and the limo come to a halt . the door burst open and out leap the mask . the mask ah ... my public ! the crowd part like the Red Sea as the mask sashays to the front door . Bobby the bouncer get one look at the mask and actually lose he cool . bobby er , uh ... be you on the list ? the mask no , but I believe my friend be . ( fan a wad of cash ) Jackson , lincoln and Roosevelt . he toss a handful of loot in the air and strut into the club as the crowd scramble for the cash . int . monkey' paw this be the first time we have get a good look at the place and it 's a real eyeful . camera boom down to reveal its wild tropical DECOR complete with live exotic bird in huge indoor banyon tree . waitress in leopard skin leotard make they way across the crowded dance floor with trays full of oversize tropical drink . camera endframe as the hostess seat dorian at he favorite ringside table and remove the " reserve " sign . the light dim a all eye go to the bandstand . angle of the bandstand a spotlight hit the stage and tropical fern part like a gigantic fan revealing ... tina carlyle in a glitter gown that 's make of little more than sequin and mesh . if there be such a thing as fashion police this dress would be arrest for disturbing the peace . she talk / sing the intro of she number a capella . tina there 's all kind of man in this old world that seek the affection of a beautiful girl . but of the man from which to choose there 's only one type that I ... ap ... aprooove . and now the band slide in , in classic torch song style as Tina sing " check appeal " . she work the room throughout the song , drive the man crazy as she linger by each table . tina ( cont . ) you can keep you cowboy on the farm the gigolos do not make I warm it 's mink my finger crave to feel I need a man with check appeal . another angle the mask be seat at a table on the other side of the club and immediately react when he lay eye on Tina . his eye bug out on stalk , a ahooga horn sound and he heart start pounding wildly , shoot two foot out of he chest with each beat . customer at nearby table be astonished . tina ( cont . ) pretty boy be such a bore there 's manly macho type galore but you will always know the diamond 's real if you have get a man with check appeal . the mask snatch a bottle off a pass waitress ' tray and suck it down in one gulp . his head vibrate like a electric paint shaker . wwwoooing ! he clap both hand on he head to hold it still . dorian' table sweet eddy look nervous as hell as he appear beside dorian . dorian what the hell be you do here ? eddy we get trouble . you better come upstairs . dorian immediately rise and hurry through the corw towards he office . angle on the mask as he continue to ogle Tina . his face now elongate into a wolf 's . he howl , whistle , pound he fist on the table and stomp he foot on the floor . tina do not want to see too fanatic but dollar sign be so romantic I want a love that 's deep and real just with a man that 's get ... ( big finish ) check ap-peaaal . the audience go crazy . Tina take a bow . suddenly the mask ZzZip around the perimiter of the club , leap up on top of the piano and snap he finger . a spotlight hit he . the mask let 's rock this joint ! he grab the stuffy , tuxedoe pianist be stool and spin it hard . when the pianist stop twirling , he be transformed into a hip , beatnik be - bopper who immediately start pound out a mean boogie - woogie . the mask produce a conductor 's baton from thin air , spin around and magically whip the rest of the band into a frenzy , wailing out a drive rock and roll tune . satisfied with the music , the mask leap down onto the dance floor , grab the astonished Tina and drag she off she foot into a wild special fx jitterbug . the crowd watch amaze as ... the mask and tina put Fred and Ginger to shame . jiving away at warp speed , the mask movve like a combination of gumby and barishnikov . he shoot tina beneath he leg , snap she back into midair , spin she like a baton and hit the floor in the split without miss a beat . the mask s-s-s-smokin ! CUT to : int . dorian' office dorian and sweet eddy enter to find Dr. freeze , sit there , gasp in pain with a bar towel press against a bloody wound in he side . dorian what the hell happen to you ? freeze I will be okay . nobody put the chill on freeze . dorian where 's the money ? freeze deal go south , bro ' . someone else hit the place before we do . dorian who ? freeze do not know . dude look like a freakin ' goblin or something . next thing we know there 's cop all over we , man . dorian where 's chun woo ? freeze takin ' a dirt nap . it be bad , man . Real bad . ( swallow hard ) I need a smoke . dorian yeah ... sure . dorian tap out a cigarette , place it between Dr. freeze 's lip and light it ... but the flame do not draw . beat . the cigarette tumble from freeze 's mouth . dorian glance back up and see that Dr. freeze 's eye be glaze over in death . dorian leap to he feat and hurl he chair across the room in anger . it smashes the mirror over he bar . dorian ( cont . ) Son of a bitch ! who do this eddy ? who ? eddy be stare at dorian 's t.v. monitor . on it the mask can still be see in the midst of he wild dance with Tina . eddy that 's he ... that 's the guy ! dorian grab a .45 from he desk , check the barrel and jam it in he coat . dorian come on ! CUT to : int . dance floor the mask spin Tina all around he like a top and then shoot she straight up into the air . amazingly , she continue somersault at the apex of she ascent , suspend in mid-air by she magical momentum . the mask stand there nonchalantly filing he nail , whistling to himself . Tina continue to spin in place high above he . the mask casually check he watch . without look up he hold out one hand for the catch . tina perfect timing ... a final somesault and she drop right back down into he arm . they go straight back into a rockin ' hitterbug without miss a beat . the winding staircase dorian and eddy race down the step , gun draw . dorian call to Bobby by the hostess ' stand . dorian clear the club . now ! dance floor the dance 's grand finale . the mask spin Tina around and around he body like a baton in one of that awful Hawaiian fire dance . as the band bang out the final bar of the tune , the mask screech Tina to a halt , bend she over backwards and nail she with a valentino kiss that literally blow she shoe off ; sssmack ! kapow ! she hang onto the mask 's tie for support when bang the tie be shot in half . Tina fall on she cute behind . c.u . - tie the shot -away piece of the mask 's tie flutter to the floor and morph back into a piece of stanley 's pajamas . dorian stand at the edge of the dance floor , he smoking gun train on the mask . the mask ( gasp in mock horror ) gee willicker ! do this mean we will not make the Star search final ? dorian this mean you will not make it out of this club alive if you do not tell I where my money be . the mask okay ... the mask immediately whip out a old fashioned pull handle calculator , snap on a green visor and start tabulate . ka - ching . the mask ( cont . ) ( fast talk ) you get a 27.5 % in t-bill amortize over the fiscal yeah 16 - 3 / 4 % in stock and bond / ( ka - ching , ka - ching ) carry the nine and divide by the Gross National product ... dorian now cut that out ! ( turn to eddy ) ventilate this goon ! eddy pull out he .38 and start blast blam . blam . the mask dodge the bullet by contort he cartoon - flexible body . blam . the mask spin once and freeze in a pirouette , now dress in a tutu . blam . the mask spin again and stop dress as a matador , the bullet whizze under he cape . blam blam blam a hockey goalie bat the bullet away . a Russian dancer leap over the shot . a cowboy ding ! take the hit . the mask stagger back ... the forward in a classic western death scene . he throw a arm around sweet eddy for support . mask ak ... you get I pahdnuh . ( cough ... cough ) eddy seem touch by the mask 's die word as he hold he in he arm . mask ( cont . ) hold I close , Red . it 's a gettin ' dark . ( cough ) tell auntie em to let Old yeller out . ( cough ... cough ) tell tint Tim I will not be makin ' it home for Christmas . ( cough ) tell scarlet I do give a damn ... I ... I ... uug ! and the mask give up the ghost , he pink tongue flop out the side of he mouth . eddy burst into tear . suddenly a huge cartoon audience pop up silhouett in the foreground , applaud wildly . a off - camera arm shoot into frame hand the mask a oscar . the mask leap to he foot and start take bow . the mask ( cont . ) thank you ! you love I ! you really love I ! dorian pull out he own .45 and open fire . the mask start hooting laughter and ricochet off the dance floor . dorian give chase , but suddenly the nightclub door be kicked OPEN and kellaway and a squad of police burst into the room with there gun draw . kellaway Drop it , tyrel ! dorian let he .45 clatter to the ground . kellaway retrieve it . dorian hello , kellaway . you get a warrant or do you just drop by for a night cap ? kellaway I get probable cause . a couple of you boy be spot knock over Edge City Bank . one of he man begin to roughly frisk dorian dorian easy , junior . you be givin ' I a woodey . kellway one of they be wearin ' some kind of big green mask . dorian for once you be on the right track , but that 's not one of my man . maybe you ought to try a little actual police work instead of this harassment bullshit . kellaway this be not harassment . you want to see some harassment ? ( to he man ) search the place , boy . his man begin to tear the club apart . dorian ever wonder why you do not make Captain , asshole ? I get friend so high up they would give you a nose bleed . kellaway haul off and crack he in the face with a solid right cross . kellaway well what d'ya know ? I guess they give you one too . dorian shake it off and glare at he . dorian ( softly ) you be a dead man . one of the officer now appear on the stairway . officer Lt. , we get a stiff upstairs . one of the guy from the heist . kellaway ( cuff he ) better call that high - priced lawyer of yours , tyrel . you be comin ' downtown . dorian I will be back on the street before sunrise and you know it . kellaway then just think of this as the city 's way of show you a little hospitality . ( pat he on the cheek ) I will stop by to tuck you in myself . as the police drag dorian outside , kellaway notice somete on the dance floor . closer kellaway pick up the slice of pajama fabric that be once the mask 's tie and inspect it closely ... it 's the same fabric kellaway see stalney wear that morning . ext . club kellaway exit and walk right past the poster of Tina . flattened into the poster , with he arm around she , be a cartoon of the mask . the eye follow kellaway as he speak to two cop guard the door . kellaway you be on you own , boy . cop do not worry , lt . if he 's in there , well get he . kellaway slip the pajamas fabric in he pocket . kellaway and if he 's not , I get a feel I know where to find he . as kellaway head for he car , the mask slip out of the poster ( still flat as a pancake ) , slide along the wall behind unsuspecting policeman and around the corner to safety . CUT to : int . stanley' bedroom - dawn milo growls , frisbee in mouth . stanley wake up with a massive headache and dark ring under he eye . the mask , which lie on the pillow next to he be take a great and great toll . there 's a banging on the door . lo. kellaway ( o.s. ) Police . open up . stanley run to the closet to hide the mask . the instant he open the door , a avalanche of cash pour out , suffocating he . stanley oh my god ! lo. kellaway ( o.s. ) ipkiss ! I know you be in there . stanley grab the frisbee and start shoveling the money back into the closet . now the doorbell start ringing . stanley all right , I be come ! stanley toss the mask and the frisbee into the closet and slam it shut . he scoops up a few stray dollar and throw they under the bed . he hurry to the door and open it , a easy smile on he face . stanley Lieutenant , what a surprise ! what can I do for you ? lo. kellaway you can answer a few question . stanley I have get to get ready for work . lo. kellaway trust I . you bank 's open late today . kellaway step into the apartment , without wait for a invitation . stanley glance nervously back at the closet . milo be scratch at the door . lo. kellaway ( cont . ) where be you last night ? stanley here ... mostly . be something wrong ? lo. kellaway maybe , yes . maybe , no . maybe it 's all just a crazy coincidence that this so call " mask " character always seem to be wherever you be . stanley mask -- who ? lo. kellaway do not insult my intelligence , ipkiss . first , he 's spot in you building , then the bank where you work and now I find this at the monkey 's paw . he display the torn piece of fabric . it match the piece miss in stanley 's pajamas . stanley wilt . milo yap and leap up , try to open the closet door . stanley milo . no ! ( move the dog away ) okay , so I go out on the town last night . a guy 's get to have a little fun . lo. kellaway in you jammy ? milo be back at the closet door . he 's just about get it open as stanley turn the detective to the door . stanley naw , I just take them with I in case I do not make it home . I do not know about you , Lieutenant . but I have get a pretty good track record with the lady . kellaway pull away from stanley and begin suspiciously sniffing the air around he . lo. kellaway wait a second ... you smell that ? stanley what ? kellaway ( sniff ) bullshit . I hate the smell of bullshit . do not even think about leave town , ipkiss . I will be in touch . kellaway slam the front door , just as the closet door fall open -- spilling all the cash . milo happily snatch he frisbee . stanley sink back down on he bed . stanley what be we gonna do , milo ? what be we gonna do ? c.u . - video monitor a replay of the bank robbery , from the bank 's grainy videocam . a blurred image of the mask be visible as he zig -zag around the bank at high speed . wider kellaway sip a cup of brackish coffee as oliveras freeze -frame the best image of the mask . there 's a wild - eye look of glee on he face as he stuff sack full of money . deputy oliveras I do not know , boss . that 's one helluva rubber mask . lo. kellaway where 's the lab report ? oliveras hand it over . deputy oliveras we get fingerprint on some of the currency , but nothing match tyrel 's man . look like this guy beat them to the punch . lo. kellaway get the bank 's employee file and run down the print on a guy name ipkiss . deputy oliveras you figure it be a inside job ? lo. kellaway yeah , and all I need be a couple of print to lock this wack job up ' till doomsday . int . dorian' office - day dorian 's assemble a war council . at the table be sweet eddy and assort button Men from the city 's underworld . a open attache case fill with stack of money sit before dorian . dorian a fifty thousand dollar reward to the man who find this " mask " character before the cop do . get the word out to every street hustler and low life in this town . ( pound he fist ) I want he here . in my office . alive . by tomorrow ! now get go ! everybody scramble out of they seat . Tina sit in the corner of the room , painting she nail . she glance up at dorian . dorian what be you look at ? tina you . you be lose it dorian . dorian I be lose nothing . except maybe some extra baggage I do not need around here . tina what 's that suppose to mean ? dorian you be not put up much of a fight when that green goon kiss you last night . tina c'mon , do it look to you like I have a choice ? dorian maybe you do and maybe you do not , but I know this , one day real soon I be gonna run this town and when I do there 's gonna be payback for anyone who cross I . ( glare at she ) I mean anyone . CUT to : int . bank - day the place be in general disarray but still function , jamme with worried depositor . stanley make he way to he desk , he face pale and unshaven . Dark circle ring he eye . mr. dickey ipkiss ! we have a crisis on we hand here and you stroll in over a hour late . if I have to put up with you slovenly ... stanley develop a odd facial twitch , then ... stanley ( explode ) back off monkey - Boy , before I tell you daddy how you be run this branch like it 's you own personal piggy bank ! if the i.r.s. see some of that file we could arrange a little vacation for you at Club fed ! dickey be absolutely shocked into silence by this outburst , then ... mr. dickey that will be all , ipkiss . dickey turn on he heel and exit . Charlie schumacher now appear glow with new respect for stanley . charlie woah ! what side of who 's bed do you wake up on ? stanley I be not sure . ( twitches ) I have not exactly be myself lately . for a split second , stanley 's entire face contort into a alarming mask-like expression . charlie ( warily ) yeah , well you look like you could use a little R and R there buddy ... and as a matter of fact I have get just the ticket . or should I say ticket ? stanley I be afraid to ask . Charlie flash two ticket . charlie Saturday night . Grand open of the valhalla casino . serious skirt alert . everybody who 's anybody will be there . what do you say ? stanely I do not know Charlie , I ... stanley suddenly spot Tina make she way across the room to he desk . stanley ( cont . ) Excuse I a second . angle on stanley' desk stanley Tina ... what be you do here ? tina I hear about the robbery . I guess I just want to make sure you be okay . stanley oh , do not worry about I . ( twitches ) I be fine . tina be you sure ? you look a little ... stanley I be just have a little trouble sleep be all . ( beat ) I guess you will not want to open that account after all this ... tina I be not so sure I will have much to open a account with anymore . stanley what about the nightclub ? I think you be do great . tina I do not know how much longer I can stay there stanley . thing be get a little intense . stanley well , there must be plenty of other place you could sing . maybe even get a record deal ... tina I wish it be that easy . there 's thousand of girl out there just like I who ... stanley not just like you . you have get a voice like ... like a angel . tina ( light a cigarette ) a angel huh ? that 's the first time I have hear that one . stanley no , I mean it . you really do . tina I can vamp my way through a tune . but that 's not really sing . stanley what be it with you , Tina ? why do not you believe in yourself ? tina ( sigh ) I guess I have just hear a lot of promise from a lot of guy . in the end they all want the same thing and it be not a song . stanley so maybe you have be sing for the wrong guy . tina I be not so sure there 's any other kind . not for I , anyway . ( rise ) well , I be glad nobody get hurt . stanley yeah . tina what about this guy , the mask ? do the cop have a line on he ? stanley I be not sure . why be you interested ? tina promise you will not say anything ? stanley sure . tina he come to the club last night and he be just so ... well , different . I have not be able to get he off my mind . stanley really ? they say he 's pretty weird look . tina yeah . he 's ugly ... but he 's kinda cool ... y'know , like Mick Jagger . stanley you really think so ? tina yeah . if you hear anything about he , would you call I at the club ? stanley nod - unsure of what to say . Tina open the door , but before she exit ... stanley actually ... I sort of know the guy . tina what ? stanley the mask . we be - old college buddy he and I . tina be you serious ? stanley oh yeah . to tell you the truth , I be sorta cover for he on this bank thing . he 's not such a bad guy , really . he just get a little carry away . tina I will say . do you think you could give he a message ? stanley I suppose so . tina tell he I want to see he again stanley when ? I mean , I would need to tell he exactly . tina how about seven o'clock tonight at Peninsula Park . stanley I will be ... I mean , I will make sure he 's there . CUT to : int . apartment build - garage - afternoon Peggy park she car in she space , lock it up and beep on the car horn . when she turn , she notice a shadowy figure watch she from a bark corner of the garage . she hurry down the row of park car , clutching she purse to she side . the figure follow at a slow but relentless pace . Peggy fumble for she key , finally find the correct one and enter the building . int . apartment hall Peggy be relieved as she reach she apartment door and slip the key in the lock ... but the lock be jamme . she try and try again ... nothing . suddenly , a hand enter frame and slap a eviction notice on she door . landlord sorry , doll . I have the lock change this afternoon . peggy you what ? you can not do that ! landlord you have know we be go condo for six month , Peggy . I can not stall the owner a minute longer . either you pony up the downpayment or you be out . peggy just a couple more day , phil . the paper 's ready to give I a full time job . landlord I have hear that one before . peggy c'mon , at least let I get a few of my thing . phil consider this a beat , then unlock the door for she . landlord do not make I regret this . we get a certified check by noon tomorrow or a sheriff will escort you out of here . peggy thanks phil . you be a sweetheart . phil exit . Peggy pick up she thing when she hear a off - camera " pssst . " she turn . the figure stand in the shadow by the fire escape . he 's get a voice that sound like he 's be gargle glass . the figure I hear you be lookin ' for a story . peggy who ... who be you ? the figure just a guy with a little information lookin ' to make a buck . but maybe I hear wrong . you do not look like much of a reporter to I . Peggy gulp back she fear , determine to live up to she job . peggy you give I something worth printing and I will get you you money . what 's this about ? figure the guy they call the mask and why dorian tyrel 's willing to pay fifty large to get he . peggy how do I find this tyrel ? figure careful , sweet meat . you break this story and he just might find you . CUT to : c.u. dorian as he enter ... ext . jorgenson's smorgasbord - afternoon dorian and sweet eddy casually step through the front door of the restaurant 's ersatz chalet facade . int . smorgasbord sweet eddy take a position by the door as dorian greet artie the swede at a large oak table in the festeively decorate smorgasbord the swede be flanke by he gunsels as he 's serve by a big blonde waitress in a classic peasant girl costume . swede dorian ... thanks for come by , kid . dorian my pleasure , swede . it 's be too long . I be worried you be still piss about that little thing with Harry the hat . swede that ? it be nothing . he be a pain in my ass anyway . here , sit down , sit down . dorian congratulation on the new casino . swede thanks , but it might be a little early to celebrate . as a matter of fact that 's why I ask you to stop by . dorian be that right ? swede here ... have a little something to eat . that 's svenska meatball , kid . the real thing . dorian thanks . dorian start to eat . swede so , I tell you dorian , it 's a terrible shame . I put all my hard work into this beautiful casino and what do you think ? all the sudden I get all kinda problem with the city . Big problem . the whole deal could fold . dorian maybe I can help you out . I be expect to come into a little investment capital shortly . if worse come to worse and you really need to bail out ... swede what a sweet guy . be not this guy a sweetheart ? thanks for the offer dorian , but I think maybe I can solve this myself . dorian be that right ? swede that 's right . you know that councilman you get in you pocket ? dorian freeze with a forkful of meatball halfway to he mouth . he notice a pink carnation squash into the gravy . swede ( cont . ) well now you have get ' im in you mouth . how you like that ? the swede and he man have a good laugh as dorian spit out he meatball . the swede pull a gun and jam it under dorian 's chin . sweet eddy go for he gun , but one of the swede 's man pop up , jam a barrel to he temple . swede ( cont . ) ( to dorian ) now listen close scumbag ! you want to bw in business with I ? okay , we be partner now . I be takin ' fifty per cent off the monkey 's paw . you screw with I again and I will send you straight down to Hell with you scumbag councilman . you can apologize for eatin ' he for lunch . dorian sure , swede . take it easy . swede good . now get out of my sight . dorian rise . swede oh dorian , here 's a couple ticket to my grand open . stop by . and try to dress up nice . it 's good for business . CUT to : close on : newspaper headline " the mask rob Bank - Police scour the City . " it 's accompany by a grainy blow - up of the mask from the bank video . a hand jam a quarter in the slot , open the machine and pull out the entire stack of papers . wider to reveal stanley , still look pale and desperate as he dump the entire stack of papers in a nearby garbage can . he start to turn away when he notice a ad on the back of the paper for a book ... " the mask we wear " by Dr. Arthur neuman , the same man we see interview on " the Larry King show . " the byline read " the mysterious power of the identity within we . " stanley rip out the ad and hurry off down the street . CUT to : int . psychiatrist's office - day c.u . - mask ... dozen of they line one wall . tribal mask . victorian mask . ceramic mask . mask from all country and culture . wider stanley pace the plush office like a cage animal while Dr. neuman sit nearby toy with he pipe . dr . neuman this be extremely unusual , Mr. ipkiss . barge in without a appointment or ... stanley look , you be the big expert on mask , right ? well , I have get a emergency here ! ( he face twitches ) dr . neuman try to calm yourself . now this woman you be tell I about , I be not sure I understand the problem . stanely I have get a date with the girl of my dream , only she do not know it 's I ... stanley suddenly reach into he briefcase and pull out the mask . stanely ( cont . ) it 's this thing ! dr . neuman ( take the mask ) very interesting ... look like tenth or eleventh century scandinavian . where do you get this ? stanley ( snatch it back ) I find it ... or it find I . I be not sure . the problem be it 's ruin my life ! dr . neuman so you believe this actually change you into a different person ? stanley yes ! ( face twitches ) it 's turn I into some kind of lunatic ! ( briefly contort into a mask expression ) dr . neuman Mr. ipkiss , please . this be just obsessional dellusion . what you have here be nothing more than a piece of wood . stanely but you book say mask ... dr . neuman my book use mask as a metaphor for we complex personality . the mask we must present to the outside world ... to suppress the id . to protect we innermost desire . stanely yeah , well this one work in reverse . dr . neuman you be go to have to be willing to work on this delusion or ... stanley it 's not a delusion ! alright , I will prove it to you if I have to , but I will not be responsible for the consequence . dr . neuman Mr. ipkiss please ! there be no such thing as a magical mask . stanley ( hold up mask ) last chance to hide all dangerous object . dr . neuman alright then , go on . you be not go to frighten I . stanley take a deep breath and shove the mask onto he face . stanley whooooooooaaaaa ... he start spin around . dr . neuman whoa , what ? stanley just stand there like a idiot . nothing happen . he try it again . same result . stanley it do not work ? dr . neuman do that surprise you ? the mask be nothing but a reflection of you - the inner you . stanley be not listen . he 's think out load . stanley it work last night . and the night before . maybe it only work at night ... what kind of mask do you say this be . dr . neuman scandinavian . it look like a representation of loki , the norse God of mischief . he supposedly cause so much trouble that odin banish he from valhalla forever . stanley ( gasp ) what if he banish he ... into a mask ? dr . neuman ( sigh ) I be sorry , Mr. ipkiss , we be out of time . stanley but what should I do about my date ? dr . neuman you date ? stanley you know . tonight . the park . Tina . do I go as myself of the mask ? Dr. neuman put a arm around stanley and lead he to the door . dr . neuman Mr. ipkiss , please . have not you be listen to anything I have be say ? go as yourself . and as the mask . ( a beat ) because they be the one and the same , beautiful person stanley see this be a lose battle . he turn and walk out . CUT to : int . ford taurus - day Lt. kellaway sit in this unmark police car , finish up lunch . the police band come on . kellaway grab it . lo. kellaway yeah ? oliveras ( v.o. ) I have get that cross -check from the bank file . lo. kellaway and ? oliveras ( v.o. ) it 's ipkiss , alright . stanley ipkiss . kellaway smile to himself . at that moment - stanley come out of Dr. neuman 's office building . he get in he car and drive off . oliveras ( v.o. ) you want we to pick he up ? lo. kellaway do not do a thing until I tell you . just keep the swat team stand by . if this guy 's half as bad as he 's suppose to be we will need all the help we can get . lo. kellaway fire up he engine and pull away . ext . park - sunset topiary ivy read : " welcome to Peninsula Park . " a small sign below that read : " no dump . " carry he briefcase , stanley enter the park . ext . bench stanley pass through a stand of tree and nearly bump into Tina . tina stanley , what be you do here ? stanley oh , Tina ... hi . you be early . tina a little . stanley I just ... want to make sure you two get together okay . tina that 's nice . ( sit down ) you know , I hardly ever stop by here . it 's hard to believe it be just a garbage heap . stanley ( look at the sky ) it 's always beautiful at sunset . that methane emission really pick up the color . tina wow . they really do . all that pink and green . stanley well ... I be sure my cousin will be along any minute . he never show up anywhere ' till after sundown . he 's sort of strange that way . ( rise ) I guess I will get go . tina no , stanley . stay for a second . I be think about what you say and I , uh , I want you to know I appreciate it . maybe you be right . if I believe in myself a little more I would not rely on guy like dorian . stanley dorian ... you mean dorian tyrel ? tina yeah . he 's sort of my manager . stanley Tina , you have get to be careful of that guy . he 's a dangerous criminal . tina you really mean that , do not you ? stanley absolutely . you ought to hear the storey ... tina no , I mean , you be really worried about I . that 's ... real sweet , stanley . stanley c'mon , Tina this be serious . how involved be you with this guy ? tina I can take care of myself , stanley . I always have . stanley oh , really ? people close to tyrel have a nasty habit of turn up dead , or have not you notice ? tina look , this may sound a little cold but I do what I have to do to get by , okay ? I be nobody in this town without dorian . stanley and who be you with he Tina ? I be not exactly sure who I be anymore but at least I be try to find out . if you really have any faith in yourself , you would not be hang on to some kind of free ride . that last bit stung , and stanley know it . a shadow fall over they as the last ray of the sun disappear behind the cloud . stanley ( cont . ) ( sigh ) I be sorry Tina . I guess I better get go . stanley get up and hurry off through the tree . tina ( rise ) stanley ... wait ! but he 's already disappear . Tina start to follow after when she hear a strange whooosh . a whirlwind begin to kick up the leave all around she . the mask leap out from behind a stand of tree in all he glory and literally sweep she off she foot . with he lower lip thrust out he romance Tina in a deep syrupy french voice . the mask cher ! ce moi ! je'taime , je ' taime , je any old tame ! at last we be together mon petite bon bon ! angle on the bushes kellaway , doyle , and two other officer be watch from a distance . he speak into he walkie talkie in hushed tone . kellaway this be kellaway . I need back up and I need it now ! every available man down to Peninsula Park . int . newsroom - bullpen murray , a old timer newshound hurry into the room , grab he notebook and pull on he coat . murray look like it 's gonna be a long night . my wife be gonna kill I . peggy what be it , Murray ? murray the cop get you pal ipkiss stake out at Peninsula Park . we just pick it up over the police band . peggy let I cover it , Murray ! you go on home to Claire . murray I do not know , Peggy . ramsey say ... peggy ( grab she coat ) I will take care of ramsey . thanks a million . I owe you one . she give Murray a quick peck on the cheek and run out the door . CUT to : ext . peninsula park the mask be all over Tina like a cheap suit , stroking she hair grab she bod . she 's definitely have second thought about he as he back she up to the bench . the mask we love be like a red red rise , and I be feel so thorny already , I would like to nip you in the bud ! she duck he grab , but he recover smoothly , flipping out a pack of cigarettes . he pop one in she mouth . the mask ( cont . ) cigarette ? his hand be a blur of motion as he stick dozen of cigarettes in she mouth . the mask ( cont . ) regular ? menthol ? filter ? cigar ? cigarette ? tiparillo ? he produce a huge blow torch from within he jacket and pop on the flame . the mask ( cont . ) let I get that for you ! he grab the gigantic wad of cigarettes as if they be one , put they in he own mouth and apply the blow torch . with one mighty sssuck he smoke they all down to gray ash . beat . the ash tumble away . the mask ( cont . ) ( exhales a huge cloud of smoke ) aaaaaah . and now ... amore ! he throw he arm wide and lunge at Tina . kellaway freeze ! the mask freeze in mid-air , arm outstretch and foot suspend off the ground . kellaway ( cont . ) put you hand up ! the mask 's lip barely move as he speak in a tiny voice out the side of he mouth . the mask but eu ' tol I ' oo freeze ! kellaway alright , alright . unfreeze ! you be under arrest ! the mask instantly drop to the ground and throw himself into wildly exaggerated expression of remorse and pain . the mask under arrest ! my god ! the Law ! I know I would forget something ! ( tear ) I be so young ! so foolish ! so full of life ! tear be gush from stanley / mask 's eye like twin water tap . he put he hand out and kellaway slap on the cuff . the mask ( cont . ) what ... what will they do with I , sarge ? kellaway sorry , son . that 's not my department . search he ! doyle reach into the mask 's zoot suit and start toss stuff on the ground . doyle comb - flintstone vitamin - sousaphone - bazooka - ( pause ) picture of kellaway 's wife ... kellaway look down at the photo . it really be a picture of he wife with a handwritten note : " call I , lover - 555-1234 ! " kellaway what the --? ( pause ) Margaret ! furious , kellaway lunge at stanley / mask 's neck . two other officer restrain he . kellaway you son of a bitch -- ! stanley / mask jeez , I figure you have a sense of humor ! ( pause ) after all , you marry she ! stanley / mask honk kellaway 's nose which make a loud ahooga noise and run for it . kellaway start to follow , but discover he 's now handcuff to doyle . kellaway get he ! the other police officer draw they gun and give chase as stanley ricochet off through the tree hoot laughter . ext . park entrance a twelve foot high stone wall surround the park . stanley / mask race through the entryway , slamming the park 's huge wooden gate behind he . closer - the gate the mask throw a iron bolt , snap on a huge padlock , slam down a steel plate ZzZip up a gigantic zipper , hammer in dozen of nail at high speed and throw himself against the gate panting ... but then he eye bug out on stalk as he see what lie on the opposite side of the gate . stanley' p.o.v. cop ... more cop than seem humanly possible . they be in car , armed antipersonnel carrier , hang from tree , parachute from helicopter ... and they be all aim serious look gun at he . bullhorn voice it 's all over ! put you hand over you head or we will open fire . stanley / mask look around , like he 's try to figure a way out of this mess - then - stanley / mask hit it ! with that , a police spotlight snap on , and the brightly light park entry - way become a beautifully light stage . stanley / mask strike a pose , now wear a straw hat " boater " and weild a cane . pedestrian with radio and ghetto blaster look down in shock as a rumba begin play from every speaker in town . stanley / mask sways seductively in time to the music . a female cop step forward , a look of surprise spreaad over she face as , against she will , she open she mouth in song . female cop they rave about sloppy Joe - the Latin lothario - but Havana - have a new sensation . it 's " Cuban Pete rumba " by desi arnaz ! ( yes , this be a real song ! ) female cop ( cont . ) he 's really a modest guy - although he 's the hot guy - in havaaaana - and here 's what he have to saaaay - stanley / mask step up to the " stage " and tilt the boater over he eye , casting a sly glance toward the crowd . stanley / mask ( " Latin " voice ) they call I Cuban Pete - I be King of the rumba beat - every time I play the maraca I go chick chick chickie boom ! gene Kelly on acid , stanley / mask punctuate he number with any number of sly gesture - winking , nodd , slide seductively down a street lamp post , do repeat " split " on the sidewalk - it 's he big number ! the cop watch this with open mouth astonishment . angle on stone wall kellaway climb over two of he man to scale the wall . he can not believe he eye . doyle clamor up beside he . doyle hey , he 's not bad . kellaway shoot he a dirty look . stanley /mask waltze into the street , prancing just inch from the heavily armed cop . his leg twine around each other like spaghetti , then he upper torso spin until they be straighten out again . stanley / mask ( still sing ) yessir , I be Cuban Pete ! the craze of my native street ! when I start to dance everything go chick chick chickie boom ! like some weird , loony case of mass hypnosis , stanley / mask wait for the " musical break " to coax the armed cop into joining he on the number - as the rough and tumble equivalent of chorus girl ! angle - looking down from helicopter the street take the look of a busby Berkeley musical as the cop high step in time to the infectious rumba beat . ext . stone wall - night kellaway leap / tumble down from the wall into some bush and scramble to he foot . he can not believe he eye . his cop , he tac squad , he friggin' swat team - they be all in the street , dance with this crazy maniac ! stanley / mask sidle up to a heavily armed female swat officer , " dirty dance " she across the street - stanley /mask the senoritas they sing , and how they sling they sombreros --! ( it 's very nice ! so full of spiiiiice - - ) ( dip ! ) and when they be dance they bring a happy ring to they vaqueros - they sing they song , all the day loonnnggg - doyle crash land beside kellaway and start out to join the other , but kellaway grab he by the back of he jacket . kellaway you go out there and I will blow you brain out ! furious , kellaway yank open the door of a abandon squad car , pull out a tear gas gun and fire into the air . the sharp report and sting gas seem to break the spell of the mask . the music suddenly stop and the high step cop stagger away from the chorus line , look confuse . lo. kellaway ( cont . ) goddamn it ! arrest that thing ! the cop - shake back to reality - fumble for they weapon . through the smoke the mask take off - dash into the crowd . kellaway spot the mask and race after he , call he man . kellaway ( cont . ) this way ! the mask bump into a old lady who scream at he hideousness . the mask realize how obvious he be . he turn away and bring he arm to he head . there 's a rippping sound . and when he turn around , the mask have now transformed back into ... stanley carry the mask , stanley try to blend in with the crowd . kellaway follow by a handfull of officer bear down on he . kellaway halt ! halt or we will shoot ! stanley quickly cut down ... a narrow alley stanley race down the lane - cop hot on he trail . bullet explode all around he . just as he reach the next street ... a car screech to a halt - almost run stanley over . the window roll down revealing ... peggy brandt peggy stanley ! get in ! stanley jump into the passenger seat . int . peggy's car - moving - night Peggy rip around the bend , easily outdistance the cop . stanley thanks . where be we go ? peggy someplace where we will be safe . ext . DAILY tribune build - night the street be empty . int . news shipping room - night stanley and Peggy sit on stack of bound newspaper in the vast shadowy shipping room . in the b.g. , a huge machine spew out hundred of newspaper on a assembly line . everything 's mechanize : printing , fold , wrapping . Peggy hand stanley a cup of coffee . he 's a complete wreck , clothes dishevel , ring under he eye . peggy I see it . I see the whole thing . what 's happen to you , stanley ? stanley it 's crazy ... I have lose all control . when I put on this mask I can do anything ... be anything , but it 's ruin my life . peggy stanley , I do not know what 's happen to you , but I do know this . that letter you send my column be from a guy with more gut and heart than any of the creep I have meet in Edge City . whatever this mask be , you do not need it . you ... stanley ipkiss , be already all you ever need to be . stanley gosh , Peggy . do you really mean that ? peggy ( pause ) actually ... no . stanley what ? we now hear a door open and footstep . peggy ( rise ) what take you guy so long ? I have be vamp here for twenty minute . dorian and three of he man stand there with they gun train on stanley . dorian this be he ? peggy you have the fifty thou ? sweet eddy flick open a briefcase line with cash . peggy ( cont . ) right . when he put on the mask he become that green thingamajig . stanley ( still dumbfounded ) Peggy , what be you do ? peggy sorry , stanley . you really be a great guy , but I just can not lose my condo . you know how hard it be to find a apartment in this city . sweet eddy and a second thug grab stanley and hang he over the steel maw of the whirring news press . dorian okay ipkiss . where 's the money from the heist ? stanley my aparment . it 's in my apartment ! dorian thanks . now I believe you have a press engagement . peggy hey , you say you would not hurt he ! dorian toy with the wooden mask , enjoy he control over the situation . dorian you be right . easy boy . one thing at a time . tell I about this mask , ipkiss . how do it work ? stanley I do not know ... you just put it on ! the mask fx theme build , dorian raise the mask to he face . sweet eddy better be careful , boss . with a crack of thunder a whirlwind of light and power swirl around dorian 's figure . unlike stanley 's transformation , dorian 's be much more diabolical . he grow and change within a nimbus of roaring light . finally the light die away and dorian / mask rise from a circle of swirl smoke . c.u. dorian / mask while stanley be a zoot suite bee-bopper in hyper -drive , dorian / mask be more like a hulk evil genie , fresh out of the lamp and piss at the world . his diamond earring and touch of he neuvo-gangster look be still apparent , but he huge grin stretch out like a tyrannosaurus rex 's under eye that glow green with wick power . his voice be a deep inhuman rumble . dorian what a rush . sweet eddy whoa , boss ... be you okay ? dorian / mask I be better than ever , you idiot . now stop the press . there will be a new headline tonight . sweet eddy stand there look disappointed with ipkiss still hold dangle above the churn press . sweet eddy but what about he ? dorian / mask wheel about and roar at sweet eddy . dorian / mask do as I say ! I have other plan for ipkiss . everything 's become so clear to I now ! Peggy sheepishly reach for the suitcase . peggy ah ... excuse I . if you do not mind , I will just take my money and be go . you guy make yourselves at home . dorian / mask slide up to Peggy threateningly . dorian / mask must you go ? what a shame . you and I could make beautiful headline together . Peggy remove he arm from she shoulder . peggy thanks , anyway . that be not part of the deal . Peggy snatch the briefcase , but dorian / mask block she exit . dorian / mask of course . you only want what 's come to you , do not you ? Peggy whip out a snub-nose .38 out from beneath she coat . peggy back off freakazoid . I be not bear yesterday . dorian / mask ah ... but you might die today ! dorian throw the switch and the press churn to life . in a flash he snatch Peggy off she foot . dorian / mask ( cont . ) a girl like you deserve to have she face plaster all over page one . he toss she into the grind mill of steel and paper . camera boom down as Peggy 's foot disappear between the press ' huge roller and continue down , down past the whirling gear and hydraulics to finally endframe on the chute where the newspaper roll out on a conveyor belt . headline in blood red ink now read : " reporter kill in freak Accident " next to a picture of a slightly flatten - look Peggy , she mouth open in a silent scream . sweet eddy what do we do with ipkiss ? dorian / mask the police be look for the mask . we shall give they the mask . and eddy ... sweet eddy yeah , dorian ? dorian / mask get the boy ready . the swede ' expect we at the casino open tomorrow night . we would not want to disappoint he , would we ? dorian / mask throw he head back and let loose a deep booming laugh . it 's unnerve even to eddy , but he laugh nervously in response and elbow the other thug to join in . CUT to : int . stanley' apartment - night the door be kick open and two of dorian 's henchmen burst into the room . milo leap off the couch and scrables behind the curtain . they yank open the closet door and start scoop the cash into plastic garbage bag . ext . STREET - car stanley lie in the back seat , gag , bound hand and foot and half hide under a blanket . a thug in the driver 's seat poke he .45 under stanley 's nose . thug that money better be where you say it be , ipkiss or you can ipkiss you ass goodbye . he chuckle at he own little joke . int . apartment milo peek out from behind the curtain as the henchmen finish they job . he duck behind the curtain and look out the window . milo' p.o.v. of the henchmen 's car . stanley can barely be see peek out the car window . the henchmen push he back down . milo his ear perk up . the boss be in trouble ! he check back outside the curtain . the henchmen finish up and start out the door carry the trash bag . milo race right by they , just out of sight . ext . STREET the henchmen hop in and start the engine . as the car peel out into traffic , milo appear , valiantly racing along the sidewalk , dodging pedestrian and cross-traffic to keep the car in sight . CUT to : ext . police station - night dejected , Lt. kellaway head up the step with sgt. doyle . lo. kellaway I still can not believe it . harden cop dancin ' in the street ... and broadcast all over the ten o'clock news . doyle the swat team get a offer to open for Wayne Newton . lo. kellaway I be history . the Captain 's go to have my badge for breakfast . with a little pension on top . doyle c'mon Lieutenant , it be not you fault . something will turn up . lo. kellaway sure . stanley ipkiss be go to fall right into my lap ... a car screech by . the door fly open and a body come tumble out - knock kellaway down . he look up at the body sit in he lap - lo. kellaway ... ipkiss ! stanley I can explain everything ... doyle do not bother . doyle pull a GREEN rubber mask out of stanley 's pocket . kellaway start haul he up the precinct step . lo. kellaway you have the right to remain silent , you freakin' looney tune . anymore of you half - baked wisecrack can and will be use against you by I , personally ... stanley you have get to listen to I ! kellaway and doyle drag stanley into the precinct - just as milo charge up . but the dog be shut out of the station . int . jail cell - night bruise , beat and exhuast - stanley 's throw into a small cell . the key-guard lock the cell up - then walk away . stanley look around he dismal quarter . a filthy toilet . the cot even worse . there 's a yowling . he climb up on the cot and look out the small , bar window . stanley' p.o.v.: there 's a dumpster below the window , overflow with trash . next to the trash heap - be milo . the dog look up at stanley and yip happily . stanley force a smile . stanley go find yourself a new home , milo . it look like I be go to be here for a long long time ... milo watch stanley recede back into the cell . int . jail cell - dawn stanley lie on he cot - stare at the ceiling . the Guard bang on the door . guard wake up . you gotta visitor . stanley about time you find I a lawyer ... ( a beat ) ... Tina ? tina hello , stanley . stanley what 's wrong ? you boyfriend kick you out for not deliver I on schedule ? tina be that what you think - that I set you up ? stanley I do not know . but I have get plenty of time to figure it out . tina you be just go to have to trust I on this . stanley now be not the best time for I on trust woman . tina I run out on dorian last night , stanley . I just come to tell you I be sorry . sorry about everything . stanley you run out on he ? tina that magic mask of yours turn he into some kind of monster ... stanley he be not exactly mother theresa in the first place . tina he 's go to the casino open tonight and he 's plan to do something terrible . stanley a real change of pace for he . tina half this town will be there stanley . I try to tell the cop , but they would not listen to I . stanley as long as he 's get the mask , there 's nothing they can do to stop he anyway . there 's nothing anyone can do . tina there must be some way . how do it work ? stanley ( pause ) it 's like it bring you innermost desire to life . if deep down inside you be a little repress and ... a hopeless romantic , you become sort of a love - crazy wild man . tina and if you have get a black heart ? stanley then the world 's go to be a very dark place . and if I be you , I would get out of town . fast . Tina take a beat and absorb this information . tina thanks . stanley for what ? tina lot of thing . for really believe in I when I could not . for share a sunset with I . for be the first guy to treat I like I be a person instead of a slab of meat . ( a beat ) and for be any kind of romantic . even a hopeless one . stanley ( softening ) you be welcome . tina you know , that night at the club I know I meet someone special . someone like nobody I would ever meet before . stanley the mask . tina no ... the guy that be inside the mask all the time . you. stanley Ip - they draw closer . the iron bar scrunch up they face ... tina ( cont . ) --kiss . they kiss . a sweet , soft and romantic kiss . then ... the key-guard pull she away . key-guard time 's up , lady . tina I have get to disappear for awhile stanley . I be not sure where I will go but I will let you know as soon as I can . stanley take a long last look at Tina as she 's escort out . ext . station - day warily , Tina slip out of the precinct . she 's about to cross the street , but spot a suspicious limo , engine idling . quickly , she double back and head - into the alley behind the station . she look over she shoulder . no one 's there . Tina hurry toward the next street and - a big sedan roar up , cut she off . she turn and run back the way she come - but freeze when the limo screech up , block she . sweet eddy and hick jump out of the limo . she scream . int . stanley' cell - at the window - same time stanley watch helplessly as Tina be drag into the limo . frantic , stanley run to the cell door . stanley ( to the Key -guard ) hey ! a girl 's be kidnap out there ! do something ! the guard tunr up the volume on jeopardy , drown stanley out . ext . dorian be house - day a slick / modern house on the hill overlook Edge City . sweet eddy pull Tina from the limo . int . dorian' house sweet eddy and huey enter and push Tina roughly into the room . dorian rise to meet she . dorian ( sarcastically ) baby , there you be ... ( he embrace she ) I be gettin ' all worried about you . tina I just go out for a little while dorian . sweet eddy hold up a small suitcase and a overstuff shoulder bag he get from she car . dorian look like maybe a long little while , right baby ? dorian grab she by the throat and slam she against the wall . the picture rattle . dorian you know what happen to the last bitch that run out on I ? do you ?! tina ( choking ) no ... dorian nobody else do either . nobody ever will . he toss she onto the bed . she lie there gasp for breath . dorian now fix yourself up , baby . and pick out something pretty to wear tonight . dorian pick up the mask and admire it . dorian ( cont . ) we be go to make a big splash at that open . one this town will never forget . CUT to : int . jail cell - day agitate , stanley pace around the room . stanley 's eye pop open . a idea ! he stand up , clunking he heaad on the upper bunk . stanley peer down the hall and see the key guard watch a tv box match . he 's chewing on the leather key-chain strap . there 's a half eat sausage and a wedge of cheese on the desk . stanley climb up on the cot and look out the window . stanley ( stage whisper ) milo ! ext . the alley - same time just a pile of trash . the dog 's go . then ... a rustle . a filthy blanket move ... and milo emerge from it - tail waggling as he see stanley . the little dog jump up , helplessly try to reach the window . stanley come on , boy ! milo get a idea . he jump on box and trash bag , use they as step . he climb higher and higher until he 's reach the top of the dumpster . stanley ( cont . ) come on , milo ! milo jump from the dumpster . he almost reach the window , but fall back down again into the trash heap . the dog leap a second time . on this jump , stanley grab he and bring he through the bar . int . jail cell - continuous stanley gather milo up in he arm . the dog lick he face and yelp joyously . stanley muzzle he and peek - down the hall the Key -guard 's snoring in he chair . the chew leather key - chain strap be still in he mouth . his half - eat sausage and cheese still lie before he . stanley show milo the guard , then whisper in the dog 's ear . stanley key , milo . get the key ! milo cock he head at the sound of the word keys . he zip out through the bar . int . hallway - continuous milo trot down the hall and approach the key-guard 's station . the dog stare and sniff at the snoring man . int . stanley' cell - a moment later milo return , slip back into the cell . stanley good boy ... he pull the wedge of cheese out of the dog 's mouth . stanley ( cont . ) I say " key " not " cheese " ! key . k-e-y-s... key ! stanley push the dog back out the cell . following milo he approach the guard and stop - stare at the key dangle from the man 's mouth . milo jump up on the desk and bite down on the key-chain . he start to pull when ... the guard stir and almost wake up . milo freeze . a moment later , the guard start snoring again . milo grab the key and trot back to stanley 's cell . stanley Atta boy , milo . now let 's see if we can get out of here . CUT to : ext . valhalla casino - sunset built on piling at the edge of the marina , the extravagant vegas-like structure look like a stylize Viking castle . ( production note : Key mater shot will be matte painting . ) reporter and tuxedoe guest crowd around as the swede and town dignitaries prepare to cut a huge red ribbon and officially open the casino . two statuesque blond in scanty valkyrie ( Viking goddess ) costume present the swede with a gigantic pair of scissor . the crowd applaude and flashbulb pop . the swede so , lady and gentleman with a special thanks to Mayor tilton and everyone else who make this possible , I give you ... the valhalla casino . with a mighty SNAP of the scissors the swede cut the ribbon and the door of the casino open wide . CUT to : ext . street - sunset dorian 's limo barrel through the street of Edge City follow by two sedan full of he man . c.u . - the SUN as it disappear behind the cloud . camera pull back as the limo 's moon roof slide shut . we tilt down to discover dorian and Tina , dress to the nine for the open . dorian hold the mask in he lap . dorian it 's almost time . Tina nervously start to light a cigarette . dorian snatch the lighter away from she . dorian ( cont . ) I would not do that , sweetie . we do not want to start the celebration early . dorian flip back a blanket cover four compact wooden crate mark " C -7 - caution U.S.M.C. demolition material . " dorian ( cont . ) now sit back and try to relax . I have get to change for the party . dorian slowly raise the mask to he face as Tina watch in horror . ext . limo the tinted glass light up from inside like mute firework as dorian 's transformation begin . CUT to : int . police station - c.u . - sleeping guard camera pan from he snore mouth down to he gun as a hand carefully lift it out of he holster . wider gun in hand , stanley silently back away with milo at he side . the Guard choke off a snore and begin to wake up . he see stanley 's cell door stand open and go for he gun ... but grasp air . stanley put one hand over he eye and slam the butt of the gun down as hard as he can on the Guard 's head . thonk . the Guard drop back down on he chair unconscious . stanley peek from beneath he hand and regards he work . not bad . milo yip happily . stanley come on . stanley turn and start for the door when he bump straight into Lt. kellaway . kellaway ipkiss ! stanley be shocked , but quickly realize he 's get the gun . he point it at kellaway with great authority . stanley hold it ! I warn you ! I be seriously stress out here ! kellaway easy , ipkiss . do not be a idiot . you be in the middle of a police station . there 's no way you be just go to walk out of here . stanley ( pause ) you be right . stanley pocket kellaway 's gun while keep he cover with the Guard 's gun . he pull the handcuffs from kellaway 's belt and begin to handcuff the two of they together . kellaway now what be you do ? stanley put myself in you custody . kellaway you be certifiable . stanley unbutton he shirt and hold it open . stanley milo ! milo immediately jump inside and stanley button up . he now look like he have a pretty nasty pot belly , but otherwise okay . stanley ( cont . ) okay . now we have to hurry or we will miss the party . kellaway of course . we would not want to keep Alice and the white rabbit wait . keeping the gun jamme in kellaway 's rib , stanley fold he jacket over he gun hand . we hear it cock beneath the jacket . ka - latch . stanley now move . CUT to : ext . casino the open be in full swing as the limo and two sedan pull up to the front door . closer - limo as the car hop attempt to open the passenger door , it explode off and shoot ten foot from the car take the unfortunate car hop with it . dorian / mask step out of swirl mist within the limo in all he wick green glory . dorian / mask do not be shy , Tina . I know how you like to make a entrance . he pull she out of the limo . dorian / mask and I must say , that 's a dress to die for . or should I say in ? dorian 's man scramble , haul the C - 7 out of the limo and racing off into the darkness with they automatic weapon . CUT to : int . police station Lt. kellaway and stanley march past policemen , felon and citizen in the front desk area look stiff and unnatural as hell . doyle wave hello from the coffee service as he munch on a chocolate doughnut . doyle hi Lieutenant . where be you take ipkiss ? kellaway ixnay ! ehay 's otgay a ungay ... ouch ! stanley jam he in the rib with that hide gun . doyle what do you say ? milo poke he head up out of stanley 's shirt , but stanley instantly push it back down . doyle do a double - take wonder what 's wrong with this picture as they continue they stiff - legge walk out the door . doyle give a uncertain wave with he half - eat doughnut . doyle ( cont . ) ... see ya . CUT to : int . casino camera boom down . the casino be a true caesar 's Palace style show place feature a dragon - prow Viking ship that 's the centerpiece of the room . the game floor be pack with happy party goer . camera endframe on Charlie schumacher as he snatch a drink off a pass waitress ' tray and turn to a gorgeous valkyrie change girl whose helmet have two large horn stick out of it . charlie hello tall , Nordic and beautiful . one look at you and I know how you hat feel . suddenly Mrs. peenman appear , push she way past Charlie with a paper bag fill with quarter . mrs . peenman out of my way , buster . mama feel lucky tonight . she jam a quarter in a slot machine right behind Charlie and throw she weight behind the handle . angle on the front door as they suddenly explode inward , blow Security man off they foot . dorian / mask step through the smoking ruin drag Tina after he . he 's flanke by a half dozen of he heavily armed man . dorian / mask now ... let the game begin ! armed Security pull they weapon , but be immediately blow away by the thug . the crowd be throw into a panic . CUT to : int . / ext . police car as it tear through the street of Edge City with its siren blaring . kellaway sit in the rear of the car with he hand cuffed behind he back . stanley 's at the wheel with milo at he side . kellaway be livid . kellaway ipkiss , I will have you lock up for this so long sex will be safe again ! kellaway be throw into the door as stanley screech around a corner . CUT to : int . casino the frighten crowd mill about in terror as dorian 's thug seal off the exit . they frisk down they captive for loot and jewelry . Orlando run up to dorian / mask with canvas sack fill with money . orlando we score over half a mile from the safe ! a security guard now pop out from behind a mock -stone pillar and open fire on dorian . blam . blam . blam . Orlando dive for cover . the bullet seem to have no effect as dorian rip a Viking spear off a wall display and hurl it straight across the room with supernatural force . the spear skewer the Security Guard , send he fly back and pin he to a slot machine which immediately ring tilt and spill out quarter . dorian / mask you can come out now , Orlando . I think he get the point . dorian haul Tina over to the vikin ship where he man be wiring up box of C - 7 and stick of dynamite . he slam she up against the prow as he man lash she in place with coil of rope . tina let I go you bastard ! dorian / mask what 's wrong darling ? this be you big production number . you of all people know how important it be to go out with a bang . dorian pull he walkie talkie out . dorian / mask ( cont . ) eddy ... how go it ? ext . pier - piling sweet eddy and two other thug be busy wiring explosive to the pillar that support the pier the casino rest on . sweet eddy all set boss . int . casino dorian plug the timer into the nexus of all the wiring . dorian / mask excellent . the real party start now and end in ... ( set timer ) thirty minute . ext . casino - parking lot stanley screech to a halt in the cop car . int . car he turn to kellaway , brandish he gun . stanley okay . when I push the red button the safety be off , right ? kellaway I be not help you , ipkiss . stanley alright , suit yourself . ( to milo ) you stay and be a good boy . as soon as stanley shut the door milo start paw at the handle . int . casino the swede scramble under a crap table to escape the mayhem and bump into Mayor tilton . tilton hey , watch it ! oh , arnie ... suddenly the entire table be lift away as if it be a child 's toy and they look up into the evil grin of dorian / mask . dorian / mask swede ... my dear , dear business partner . and Mayor tilton ! what a surprise . we have just enough time leave to play my favorite game ! int . casino kitchen as stanley sneak in a employee 's door , the coast look clear . he snap off the kitchen light . stanley spot a thug stand guard outside the kitchen 's double door . he duck back down behind a barrel and get a idea . the label on the barrel read " olive oil " . int . casino the thug seem to be enjoy the mayhem when he hear a off camera whistle . he pull out he .45 and cautiously enter the kitchen to investigate . int . kitchen the thug enter , brandish he gun and cautiously make he way into the kitchen . c.u . - foot he step into a large slick of olive oil and he leg shoot right out from under he . slam . thug be p.o.v. as he slide across the kitchen floor at high speed . thug whoaaaaa ! suddenly stanley pop up from behind the overturn barrel with a huge fry pan and slam it right into camera . clang . stanley pluck the gun from the unconscious Guard and sneak into the casino . int . casino stanley appear out of the kitchen door and get the attention of the nearest captive party - goer . stanley pssst . you guy . over here . Charlie turn around . charlie stanley ! what be you do here ? he motion they over to the kitchen and hand Charlie the gun . stanley start sneaking people out the back . watch out for the oil . stanley now make he way deeper into the casino . ext . parking lot - police car milo finally manage to pop the lock and the car door open . he scurries off towards the casino . int . casino the swede struggle desperately as he 's tie to a speak of a huge wooden number wheel , a kind of upright roulette wheel that 's one of the casino 's attraction . Mayor tilton and two other town dignitary be tie to the other three spoke . swede let I offa this thing , you lousy scumbag ! dorian / mask pull three Viking hand axe off a wall display and casually begin to juggle they . dorian / mask sorry swede . I have get a ax to grind with you . in fact I get a couple and I be afraid they may give you a split headache ! he nod to one of he man who give the wheel a big spin . as the captive scream dorian prepare to throw he first ax . dorian / mask ( cont . ) round and round she go . who die first , nobody know ! angle on the viking ship stanley pop up behind the dragon - prow and start untying Tina . tina stanley ! stanley hang on , Tina . tina stanley , look out ! stanley duck just as a Viking ax split the dragonhead right next to he in half . dorian roar with rage as he rush across the room to the boat . stanley pop back up fire he gun . blam . blam . blam . dorian take the direct hit . he grin horridly at stanley and he extend he slimy tongue . c.u . - tongue the bullet all stand there on end in a neat little semi-circle . dorian now suck in a mighty breath . stanley grab a Viking shield and protect Tina and himself . dorian blow the bullet back at stanley . rat-tat-tat-tat . they batter the shield . stanley 's knock backwards from the impact . a huge GREEN claw drag stanley out and slam up against the prow next to Tina . one of he man immediately begin tie stanley in place . dorian / mask how touch ! the two love bird . just to show you there 's no hard feeling , I be go to let you spend the rest of you life together . tina you have get it all wrong ! I could care less about this creep . nobody could replace you , dorian . nobody ! dorian / mask if you think a line like that 's go to save you life , you be dumber than he be . tina ( softly ) okay . maybe it 's too late . then all I want be ... a kiss . dorian / mask a kiss ? tina one last kiss . dorian / mask ( a beat ) sure , why not ... dorian / mask stick out he slimy two - foot tongue , and stick he eyebrow back . hiss massive lip flutter as he pucker up . but Tina turn she head way . tina no ! from the real dorian . the guy I use to love . ( breathy ) nobody ever kiss I like dorian tyrel . orlando no time , boss . this building 's go down any minute ... dorian / mask I make the decision ! and I have decide ... Tina stare at he dreamily . ego get the better of he . he reach up and rip the mask off . sssshupp ! dorian / mask transform back into dorian dorian ...to give the girl one last thrill . he plant he mouth on Tina 's -- kissing she roughly . Tina really get into it . but stanley watch as Tina slyly position the leg that he freed up . and ... tina drop -kick the mask right out of dorian 's hand . it fly into the air . a series of slo -mo shot as ... the mask soar through the AIR ... dorian , orlando and sweet eddy on the run ... the mask reach its summit then tumble down through the AIR ... hand reach high ... fingertip graze it ... but then suddenly ... shockingly ... a snout , flapping tongue and bare teeth soar straight up through thry human hand and ... milo grab the mask as though it be a frisbee . everyone 's stunne . real time the dog land back on the ground -- the mask firmly in he mouth . he start to run away but ... dorian grab he hind leg . dorian c'mere , you ugly little mutt ... milo leg pump frantically , be lose ground . at the last second , he drop the mask and jam he muzzle into it . lightn flash . dorian be eye widen as milo transform into -- dog / mask ! his pint-size doggy body now have a giant- size GREEN head with a double - row of jagged canine teeth . the plain collar now sparkles with gleaming stud . razor -toenail distend . the eye glow hell fire green . dorian ( cont . ) whoa ! reflexively , dorian let go . Dog / mask unleash a incredibly loud sonic woof that explode glass front slot machine all around they . dorian ( cont . ) do not let it get away ! sweet eddy lunge at the Dog / mask . but the canine - creature run between he leg and chomp down on he butt . the tiny dog pick big sweet eddy up and shake he back and forth , like a rag doll . stanley watch this , then take a look at the ticking detonator . less than a minute to go . he strain at he bond -- force the rope into a flaming viking wall torch . Tina wince as stanley 's hand - rope begin to burn . dog / mask use eddy as a club -- knock other thug down . sweet eddy get he off I ! dorian raise he uzi and sprays the area with gunfire ! Dog / mask leap away in the nick of time . orlando c'mon ! we have get the money . let 's get the hell out of here ! dorian I gotta have that mask ! dorian chase Dog / mask into the maze of slot machine . stanley burn through he rope . he frees himself and race to the detonator . 15 - 14 - 13 - 12 in the maze of slot machine dorian stalk Dog / mask , whistling for he to come . a stream of water now trickle down on he from above . Dog / mask be in the chandelier take a whiz and snort doggie laughter . dorian spray the ceiling with gunfire , but ... dog / mask pounce on dorian , knock he flat , then race out of sight . viking ship stanley yank one wire after another , but the timer still tick down -- 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 -- stanley pull the last wire . the timer stop . Tina exhales , relieved , as stanley unty she . tina ( kissing he ) you do it ... c.u . - timer as it tick back to life ... 2 - 1 - 0 ! a muffle explosion rumble from beneath the floorboard . ext . the pier - night the two front support piling blow up . int . casino - same time the entire floor tilt . Gaming table and slot machine start to slide by . stanley grab Tina and hang onto the prow of the boat . stanley milo ! milo , come ! Dog / mask appear racing up the tilting floor and leap into the boat as ... the last two piling blow up ! the entire casino floor drop straight down . the ship slide straight across the game floor towards the huge front door . dorian scream as the boat slide right over he . ext . harbor - night the Viking ship crash through the door and splashes down in the marina as the entire casino sink into the water . ext . viking ship - night it bob for a moment , then float ! stanley , Tina and the dog emerge from they hide place , under one of the dining table . they can not quite believe they be alive . they face reflect romantically from the light of the Viking torch sconce . tina stanley ... we make it . we be alive ! milo let loose a happy " whoof ! " and leap into stanley 's arm . stanley remove the mask with a schwoop and milo transform back into a regular dog . dorian I will take that . they turn as dorian clamor over the side of the boat . he 's get a gun point right at they . stanley slide a iron grapple hook through the mask 's eye hole and hold it overboard . stanley hold it right there or you will be look for this on the bottom of the harbor . dorian stop in he track . dorian Drop it and I will kill you all . stanley you can have it . but she get to go . dorian Fine . tina go where ? stanley swim . we be still close to shore . dorian five second , ipkiss . stanley toss a wooden barrel overboard and turn to Tina . stanley go ahead . hurry ... Tina take the dog and slip overboard . dorian move in . dorian okay . put it down . right over there . dorian wave he gun at the nearest dining table . stanley start to put down the mask . but at the last instant -- he toss it into the pile of tnt as dorian turn to see where it land , stanley jump he . dorian fire but miss . stanley jump dorian -- knock he gun away . dorian fall into one of the wall torch -- toppling it . the two men slug it out as a FIRE start . it burn closer and closer to the dynamite -- the mask in the middle of the pile . in the water Tina and milo cling to the float barrel . tina ( see fire ) stanley ! the dynamite ! back on board dorian pummel stanley with a flurry of jab to the head as the FIRE sear toward the explosive . but stanley counter with a solid right that rock dorian back . dorian grab he by the collar to retaliate but see ... the FIRE lick at the dynamite case on which the mask lie . dorian lunge for the mask . stanley jump overboard . the dynamite explode ! from the water Tina and milo watch as the ship blow up . the fireball burn bright , smoke everywhere . tina ... stanley ? beat . stanley surface gasp for breath . Tina pull he over to the barrel and milo lick he face . and then the smoke part revealing ... dorian / mask stand on the remain of the boat . like wile E. coyote , he 's char pitch black , with singe hair and clothes . but like a cartoon -- he just shake off the soot and stand there in all he fearsome dorian / mask glory . dorian / mask what a blast ! this mask make I a god ! he pick up the last fizzing , but undetonate stick of tnt and laugh . dorian / mask ( cont . ) I be immortal ... he raise he arm and thunder to the heaven . at that moment -- the SUN peak over the horizon . dorian / mask ( cont . ) do you hear ? I be immortal ! the sun 's ray hit the mask . in a instant , he transform back to regular dorian . the mask pop off dorian 's face -- useless . dorian stare dumbfounded at the tnt stick in he hand as it -- ka - boom ! dorian be blow to smithereen . ext . marina - dawn there be cop everywhere . Lt. kellaway wrap Tina in a dry blanket . stanley hold out he arm . stanley back to jail , Lieutenant ? lo. kellaway ipkiss , I would like to lock you up for the rest of my life . but the mayor and a hundred other witness say dorian tyrel 's the bad guy and you be the good guy . so no jail . just a downtown parade at noon . ( resigned ) and I have get to be you escort . stanley smile and put he arm around Tina . they head down the beach . the two young lover and milo walk past -- charlie schumacher stand near the crowd of post - party victims be help by the police and medical personnel . he 's still hit on that statuesque valkyrie change girl . charlie so I deck this thug , grab he gun and tell stanley , " take cover , buddy . I will get this folk out sae and sound . " y'know we should go back to my place so I can tell you the rest of the story . angle on shoreline Mrs. peenman be walk along grumble to herself when she notice the mask float to shore with some of the wreckage from the boat . mrs . peenman just look at this mess ... she pick it up out of the surf and the mask fx theme begin to pound in she head . back to Charlie and he valkyrie . charlie so what do you say , sweetheart ? let 's you and I go back to my place and scramble some egg . suddenly Mrs. peenman / mask ZzZip up and sweep Charlie off he foot . she 's the most whacked - out mask creature yet with a huge GREEN witch hazel face and bride of frankenstein hair . mrs . peenman /mask hello short , dark and handsome ! c'mere and give momma a kissy - poo ! she start smacking she king -size lip horribly . charlie ( terrified ) yah ! put I down ! she jam a hand down the front of Charlie 's pants . mrs. peenman /mask let 's see what caliber pistol you be pack there , soldier boy ! she get a grip and squeeze . ahooga ! ahooga ! Charlie scream , ttear himself from she grasp and start run for he life . camera pan with Mrs. peenman as she ricochet after he hoot laughter . we endframe on stanley and Tina as they watch the bizarre spectacle pass they by . they turn and embrace for a well deserve kiss as milo yip happily and squirm up between they . the end