the parent trap the parent trap script parent trap script by Ryan the parent trap screenplay by Nancy meyer and Charles shyer February 21 , 1997 the parent trap fade in : ext . mountain road - southern maine - day a caravan of three camp buse with the name camp walden for girl emblazon on they side climb a tree-line road . the bus turn down a narrow lane and pass through a freshly paint wooden gate as the camera rise give we a sweeping view of beautiful camp walden . a magnificent lake sparkles in the distance with red canoe line up on its shore . over this quiet serenity we hear the Bus horn honking to announce the first day of camp have officially begin . ext . MAIN lodge - camp walden Girls . Girls . Girls . tall one , short one and everything in between . some carry pillow , other carry stuff animal , all wear backpack . there be more pony - tail swinging at this moment than you can imagine . teenage counselor try to control the pandemonium without much luck . the only man in sight , the Bus driver , . toss duffel bag out of the bus and into a large pile . marva kulp , the owner of the Camp , late sixty , four and a half foot tall , wear khaki short , talk through a bullhorn . next to she stand she daughter and first lieutenant , marva jr. , just under six foot , tan and humorless . she also hold a bull -horn . marva sr. ( into bull - horn ) good morning , lady and welcome to Camp walden . I be marva , you Camp director and this be my daughter and right hand man , marva , Jr. Girls , please find you duffel as quickly as possible , we have get a big , big day ahead of we . marva , ' bunk assignment , if you please . marva Jr. lift she bull -horn and start bark out bunk assignment right into she mother 's ear . marva sr. cover she ear in pain . marva JR . berg , kate , iroquois , bunk seven berg , lily ! chickasaw , bunk five ! ( we hear a scream of joy ) burnham , Daisy ! kickapoos , bunk three ! 2 a mountain of duffel bag sit on the quad as one eleven year - old , hallie parker , pop up from behind the huge pile . hallie ( to herself ) okay , find my duffel , now the question be , how do I get it out ? hallie wear overall , a baseball cap that say Girls rule , sunglass , and a sweat - shirt tie around she waist . her ear . be pierce , she hair be short , she wear bright red high top and metallic blue nail polish . hallie ( find she duffel bag strap ) okay , I can do it . hallie pull on the strap with all she might , she face turn bright red . hallie okay , no I can not . a skinny kid with a long neck , zoe , step in , carry she duffel bag on she shoulder and chew gum . zoe you must be new . hallie how can you tell ? zoe you do not know to grab you duffel before the ape toss it into the heap . I would say you need some serious help . hallie thanks . it 's the big blue one . zoe ( help hallie pull on the strap ) cool hat . hallie thanks , it be a go away gift from my dad . as Zoe and hallie pull on the strap together , the Bus driver toss another half - dozen new duffel onto the pile . hallie and 3 Zoe shoot the Bus driver a look . just then , nicole , a strapping ten year - old in a tie - dye T-shirt , bead and a bandana around she head arrive and easily pull she duffel from the center of the pile . hallie now that 's my kind of woman . zoe ( cup hand around she mouth ) hey ! tie - Dye girl ! Nicole turn around . hallie would you mind give I a hand ? my duffell the red one , way in there . Nicole nod and drop she duffel . it land right on Zoe 's foot . hallie you okay ? zoe ( grab she foot ) that would be negative . Nicole yank hallie 's duffel out of the pile and drop it on Zoe 's other foot . zoe aaaahhh ! why , thank you . nicole ( smile ) you be welcome . ( read name - tag on hallie 's duffel ) hey , you be from California ? zoe you be ? do you live in Hollywood ? nicole do you like live next door to a movie star ? hallie -- what be you two , Lucy and ethel ? I have never even be to Hollywood . I live in Napa , that 's in Northern California , and I live next door to a vineyard . 4 zoe a whatyard ? hallie a vineyard . it 's where you grow grape to make wine . that 's what we do , I and my I ) ad , we own a vineyard . what bunk be you guy in ? zoe / nicole ( at the same time ) arapaho . Zoe and Nicole look at each other , not thrilled . marva jr. ( yell from bull - horn ) parker , hallie ... hallie ( yell back ) yo ! right here ! marva jr. ( look over and wave ) arapaho ! bunk eleven ! the Girls slap hand and head off toward they bunk . hallie so , either of you by any chance know how to play poker ? ( Nicole and Zoe shake they head ) no ? that 's a shame . so , tell I , how much cash do you guy bring with you this summer ? as the Girls walk off , camera boom up to a limousine pull up in front of the MAIN lodge . head turn as the Driver , in a dark suit and cap , hop out and open the limousine 's back door . out step a proper british butler , perfect posture , elegant grey suit , extremely proper demeanor . his name be martin and he speak with a stuffy english accent . Martin lean into the back -seat and take the hand of a elegantly dress eleven year - old , Annie James . Annie wear a powder blue suit and carry a purse and a small vanity case . her hair be perfectly neat , shoulder length and wear with a powder blue head band . as Annie turn to Martin , we see she face and we realize she look ecactly like hallie parker ! same hair color , same eye , same nose , same mouth , same height , same weight . identical in every way . 5 martin well , here we be - Camp walden for Girls . ( look around , with disdain ) we travel six thousand mile for ... this ? Annie look around . she also speak with a british accent . Annie it 's rather picturesque , would not you say ? martin I do not know if that 's precisely the term I would use . Annie smile as the limo Driver line up four piece of match luggage by Martin 's side . martin so , let review , you mother 's list , shall we ? ( pull out a type list ) vitamin ? Annie check . martin mineral ? Annie check . martin list of daily intake of fruit and vegetable ? Annie check . check. ( Martin look up ) check for fruit , check for vegetable . go on . martin herbal teas , sugarless candy , sun block , lip balm , insect repellent , umbrella , stationary , stamp , fountain pen , flashlight , battery , photo of you mother , grandfather and of course .... ( turn page ) your truly ! 6 Annie get it all , I think . martin oh , and here 's a little something from you grandfather , a brand new deck of card . maybe you will find someone on this continent who can actually whip you tush at poker . Annie I doubt it but thanks . and thanks for bring I , Martin . Martin be suddenly overwhelm with emotion . he look away , about to burst into tear , quickly grab Annie , hug she tightly , then just as quickly - regains he dignity . martin and remember , if you change you mind and want I to pick you up at the end of camp , I be only a phone - call away . Annie I will be fine . see you in eight week , marty ol 's pal . martin eight week it be , Queen of my heart . Annie put out she hand , Martin place he hand over hers and they proceed to do a extravagantly work out secret handshake - with all kind of move in it include a butt bump , a wave under the chin and a shimmy to - and - for . when it 's over , Martin resume he proper butler demeanor and get into the limo . as the limo pull away , we hear : marva JR . Annie James ? Annie yes , hello . I apologize if I be late . my plane be fogge in leave heathrow . you ) mow how - London be in June . JR . can not say that I do . never be to jolly 01 - England but never - the-less , . mllady , welcome to the U.S. of A. and what we like to think of as the most beautiful spot on God 's green earth - Camp walden . ( take a huge sniff of fresh air ) oh , jeez , a bug fly up my nose . ( start honk and swatting at ( more ) 7 marva jr. ( cont would ) she nose and generally go crazy ) Annie be you all right ? marva JR . oh sure . just one of the hazard of camp life . you have a little shnoz ... you - 11 be fine . ( indicate she ' own nose ) with this honker , you get problem . ( look at arnie 's luggage ) okey -dokey , let 's get this show on the road . Annie can you manage ? marva jr. manage ? uh , sure ... suppose I can ... why not ? marva Jr. awkwardly gather up all of Annie 's luggage and lead she toward she bunk . marva JR . I know this sound weird , but ... have we meet before ? - marva accidentally step in a gopher hole and stumble forward ... Annie met before ? no , no , I do not think so . ( catch she ) I be positive I would remember you . ext . anniee bunk - the navajos --a couple of minute later marva Jr. , huffing and puffing , lead Annie up the step to she cabin . marva JR . shower be to you right . rec room 's to you leave . mess hall 's straight ahead . Chow 's at seven , twelve - fifteen and sixthirty . mother give five demerit for be tardy , so do not be . marva Jr. hold the screen door open with she leg as she balance Annie 's suitcase under she arm 8 marva JR welcome to the navajos . int . navajo bunk eight cot with Seven Girls unpack and get into they uniform . Annie and marva Jr. enter . marva JR . New arrival , girl . name 's James . a cherubic-look Black girl , jackie , she hair in corn row , look up from she game Boy . jackie you name 's James ? marva JR . Annie James . just arrive from London , England . ( drop Annie 's luggage ) first time in the country , I believe , right , Ann ? Annie yes , mar 'am , just arrive this morning , which be actually tonight for I , which make this tomorrow morning , which ... ( notice everyone watch she ) make I a ' bit jet-lagged . ( notice empty cot ) this one mine ? marva JR . yep . have to be make every morning right after reveille . mother 's a stickler for neatness , so remember to police you area daily . now , change into you uniform , James , chow 's at thirteen hundred . and mother give five demerit ... Annie -- for be - tardy . ( marva stop short ) I remember . crosby , a freckle camper , with a CD walkman around she neck , catch Annie 's eye and smile . Annie . but thank you for remind I , ma'am . 9 marva JR quite welcome , James . ( as she exit ) introduce yourself , lady . be sociable . marva trip over a sneaker on she way out . the Girls hold in they laughter as she bang she head on the door frame . as soon as she 's go , the Girls crack - up . crosby ' how scary be it that that woman 's in charge ? int . dine hall - twenty minute later . a hundred and fifty Girls , all in camp uniform , have arrive for dinner . two line of Girls approach a central buffet table . in one line we find hallie . in the other line , head right toward she , be Annie . both Annie and hallie be busy talk to they friend and do not notice each other . as Annie reach the front of the line and approach the buffet table , hallie do the same . for a split second , they stand directly next to each other . just as they be about to see each other , marva , sr. step between they with a plate full of food . marva sr . Excuse I , girl ... I have just get to have a scoop of that gorgeous strawberry . ( hold a large spoonful , turn to hallie ) Care for some ? hallie oh , no thanks , can not , I be allergic . hallie take she plate and move off . marva sr. ( turn to Annie on she other side ) . how bout you , dear ? strawberry ? Annie ( move off ) sorry , wish I could but I be allergic . marva sr . ( confuse , look back to hallie , who be now go ) oh , yes , allergic , you just tell I that . ( more ) I 0 marva sr. ( cont would ) how would you get over there ? oh , well , first day of camp ... you will have to excuse the ol 's girl . at least I be not put salt in the sugar shaker yet . I mean , sugar in the ... ( turn back to Annie , who be also go ) now , where would she go ? int . shower house - later that evening hallie enter a shower stall and begin wash she hair . she wear a small gold locket around she neck . a beat later , Annie enter the stall next to she and turn on the water . she wear the identical locket . the Girls can not see each other over the partition . hallie drop she soap and it slide into Annie 's stall . Annie reach over the partition and hand the soap back to hallie . Annie here you go . hallie get it ! thanks . as they finger touch , they both stand frozen for a moment ... a current of some sort run between they . they each turn and look at there touching ham . then they both let go . hallie lift she locket , suck on it . Annie do - the exact same thing as she turn off the water ... ext . camp - the following day a fencing match . two Girls , each wear nylon jacket and wire - mesh mask be in the middle of a duel . the first girl be whipping the second 's butt , knock she sword out of she hand and pin she against the wall . the other camper applaud and cheer . both Girls take off they mask and we see hallie be the victor . marva JR . touche ! excellent , girl . ( raise hallie 's arm ) the winner and still undefeate champ , hallie parker ! hallie take a bow and move off with her-friend . Annie , crosby and Jackie pass by in time to marva JR . do we have any challenger ? Annie ( pull on a mask ) sure . I will take a whack at it . she snap on a vest , flip the sword into the air and catch it , then nod to marva , Jr. marva jr. ( blow she whistle ) en garde ! hallie , still in she mask , turn to see Annie in she mask and vest . Annie salutes briskly with she sword . hallie hesitates , then do the same . they stand on guard ... look like bookend . marva , Jr. blow the whistle again and ... the duel begins hallie lunge , Annie parry , then attack . hallie try to knock the sword out of Annie 's hand but Annie deflect the blade , whirl around and lunge . Point for Annie ! hallie get the jump on Annie and come in low . Point ! hallie lunge but Annie catch she sword and sweep it in a full circle pull they together , mask - to-mask . they break . hallie charge but Annie side -step and hallie run past she . hallie stop and whip around to find Annie lung toward she . .. hallie step back , lose she balance and fall butt -first into a water trough , landing with a huge splash . the camper explode with laughter . Annie reach out to help hallie but hallie grab Annie 's hand and yank she into the trough . the camper crack - up as the two Girls sit soaking , side - by-side . they climb out together and angrily pull off they mask . Annie toss she long hair as hallie shake she short hair dry . marva JR . look like we get ourselves a new camp champ . miss Annie James ! let 's 'shake hand , girl . neither girl turn around . marva jr. Girls ! Annie and hallie turn , hand extend . and for the first time , they look into each other' face . they freeze . speechless . it 's like look into a mirror . hallie extend she hand ... Annie reach for it . 12 . close angle - there hand as they touch , something electric again pass between they . Annie and hallie look down at they hand , then up at each other ... not know what to say . just then , they friend join they and they immediately slip they hand into they pocket - at the same time . they friend stop in they track and look from Annie to hallie - stunne at the resemblance . the lunch bell ring and everyone else on the lawn run toward the mess Hall . hallie why 's everyone stare ? Annie do not you see it ? hallie see what ? Annie the resemblance between we . hallie between you and I ?! a resemblance ? let I see , turn sideways ... ( Annie turn ) now the other way ... ( Annie do ) well , you eye be much closer together than mine . you ear stick out , you tooth be crooked and that nose ... well , do not worry , that thing can be fix . Zoe and Nicole laugh . crosby ( to Annie ) want I to deck she for you ? hallie hold on , I be not quite finish . you want to ) mow the real difference between we ? Annie I have class and you do not ? or I know how to fence and you do not ? take you pick . hallie angrily step forward but marva step between they . 13 marva JR okay , lady , time to break - up this little love fest . Annie ... hallie ... ( notice how they look alike ) I mean , hallie ... Annie ... the lunch bell ring again . Jackie and crosby pull Annie away , as Zoe and Nicole pull hallie in the other direction . zoe that girl be a major loser . nicole yeah . too bad you could not look like somebody cooler . angle - Annie and her pal - tracking Annie do we really look as much alike as I think we do ?. crosby it 's just a weird freak of nature . ( slap she on the back ) please accept my condolence . Annie look back at hallie , who be sneaking a look at she . she quickly turn away . int . anniee bunk - the navajos - night close on a pile of change , crumpled dollar bill , candy bar . angle back to see a crowd of Girls watch a poker game Annie , with a tootsie pop dangle from the side of she mouth , be play with four older Girls and win big-time . Annie sorry , lady , read ‘em and weep . Annie spread out a full house . the older Girls groan and toss in they hand , as Annie rake in the pot . Annie so ... that 's - it ... no other taker ? little kid you have already tooken everybody ... a crisp new five dollar bill float on to the cot . 14 hallie' voice not everybody . angle - hallie stand over Annie , a smile on she face . CUT to : hallie' handss - skillfully - shuffling a deck of card as she deal , we see a series of quick cut of Annie and hallie , go one -on-one ... shuffle , deal , draw , bluff ... first Annie rake in the pot ... then hallie ... then Annie ... it 's back and forth ... until finally the entire pot sit in front of hallie and Annie be down to she last dollar . hallie ( toss in she bet ) Three buck . Annie check she hand ... she 's hold a straight . she bite she lip ... know she 's hold a win hand . hallie tell you what I be gonna do , since you be almost tapped out ... I will make you a deal . loser jump into the lake after the game . Annie excellent . nude . Annie even more excellent . ( revealing she hand ) Queen high straight . hallie ( spread - a full house across the blanket ) start unzipping , princess ... full -house . ext . lake - night camera be close on Annie 's camp uniform as it fall to the sand . Annie 's bare feet step away from the clothes . 15 . angle - the girl from the poker game huddle on the shore hold candle . hallie stand in the center of the group , a content smile on she face . zoe ( watch Annie walk to lake ) that girl 's butt look awfully familiar . ( off hallie 's look ) it do ! close - Annie she reach the dock , tooth chatter . she turn back , look at the Girls . hallie and she friend wave . Annie salute they . the lake as anniee legs gracefully slice through the water , in a perfect dive . Annie pop up in the water , look out at the Girls but they be gone ! anniee wet feet hurry across the sand and arrive at where she clothes be but all that 's leave be she sneaker . angle - anniee wet and shivering face Annie ( catch on ) let the game begin . ext . camp walden - the following I ) ay hallie and she friend be trudging home after a hike . they be hot , sweaty and tired . Annie I swear I hear that girl sneezing all the way across the mess hall this morning . ( the other laugh , hallie yawn ) I be so tired . I be crawl back into bed and sleep until lunch . nicole ( stop , look up at the roof of they bunk ) that do not seem like a possibility . hallie why not ? 16 . nicole ( point ) that 's ' why not ' . hallie stop in she track , she eye rise to the roof of the bunk where every single cot be now perch . hallie no way . ext . camp walden - night light be out . everything be quiet and peaceful . suddenly , three shadowy figure run silently toward Annie 's bunk . int . anniee bunk - night camera pan past a sleep Jackie , crosby and Annie . the door squeak open and hallie step inside . she signal the coast be clear " and Nicole and Zoe tip - toe in carry strange , unidentifiable object . they all quickly go to work and we see : a jar of honey be open and pour into a pair of addidas . a can of shaving cream be squirt onto a pillow - case . a ball of twine be wound around a bedpost , then zigzagge across the room . a industrial - size can of chocolate m up be emptied into a bucket . wesson oil be pour all over the floor . CUT to : morning - a sleepy seven year -old with a bugle play reveille ... badly . int anniee blink - following morning the bunk look like one giant spider web . maze of string everywhere . the sound of emille reverberate through the room as the Girls get out of bed , slide in the wesson oil , get stick in the honey , trip over the string ... lot of yell and scream . Annie stand drip in shave cream . Annie she 's without a doubt , the lowest , most awful creature that ever walk the planet ! ext . anniee bunk - same time hallie , Zoe and Nicole be peek in the window , thrilled with they achievement . hallie ( ala elvis ) thank you , thank you very much . just then , the two marva 's appear behind they , clipboard in hand . marva sr . ' Morning , girl . hallie / nicole / zoe ' Morning , marva 's . ( then , freak out ) marva 's ?!?! marva jr. ( climb step to Annie 's bunk ) navajos ... surprise inspection . ten-shun ! Mom , why do not you do the honors ... marva sr. nod and reach for the screen door handle but hallie rush to she . hallie no , no , do not go in there ! Annie cross to she side of the screen door and watch , wonder what hallie 's up to . hallie one of the girl get sick last night and it 's a big mess . save yourself the aggravation . it 's really disgusting . marva , sr . well , if someone 's sick , dear , then 1 must go in .- she start to OPEN the door , not realize she 's pulling on a string attach to a bucket that 's about to tip right over she head . hallie 's eye shoot up to the bucket , then back to marva , sr. no , really , let go of that door . I insist . she 's highly contagious . 18 . Annie actually , we be all fine in here . unless hallie parker know something we do not know . ( Annie watch hallie 's eye go up to the bucket ) open the door and come on in , mar 'am . with that , marva sr. swing OPEN the door , tipping the bucket which we now see be fill with hershey' syrup . marva sr. be instantly cover head - to - toe in chocolate . marva Jr. : scream , slip in the syrup and tumble down the stair . marva sr. turn to hallie , slowly wiping the syrup from she eye . over , we hear : marva , sr . ( v.0 . ) congratulation , lady ... int . marvais tent - moment later Annie and hallie stand side - by-side as marva sr. pace in front of they , hold a towel , still wiping off chocolate . marva , Jr. stand at she side , also spot in chocolate . marva , sr . -- that little stunt be the most revolting display of hooliganism ever to take place on this hollow grounds . marva JR . a-men. marva sr . and worst of all , come from two sister who should be set a example for the entire ... Annie we be not sister , mar 'am . marva sr. turn , look at they . hallie -- we have never even see each other before . marva sr . that 's impossible . marva JR . I be afraid the look -alike thing have be the crux of the problem , Chief . 19 . marva sr . well , whatever the excuse , I recommend immediate dismissal . hallie you be send we home ? marva jr. ( sotto ) that do somehow say we fail , do not it , Mom ? marva sr . all right , all right ... let I just think ... marva jr. ( under she breath ) uh-oh . the Girls both bite they locket , nervously await they fate , as music begins . ext . camp ground - a little later ( music over ) the two marva 's lead Annie and hallie away from they bunk and up a long wind hill . hallie balance she duffel bag .- on she shoulder , as Annie struggle , she full of luggage . the rest of the Girls , and we mean , the entire camp , march in a line behind they . int . isolation bunk - a few minute later the two marvas catch they breath as they lead Annie and hallie into a bunk with just two cot and two trunk . marva , sr . we have get six week leave at camp and you two be go to spend every glorious one of they - together . you will eat together , bunk together and do all you activity together . either you will find a way to get along or you will punish yourselves better than I ever could . marva JR . you will thank we for this , you will see . the marvas exit , leave Annie and hallie alone and worse , with each other . Annie lift she suitcase onto the bed and neatly start unpack she thing . hallie , on the other hand , flip 2 0 . open she trunk , unzip she duffel and shake she thing out like she 's empty a bag of potato chip into a bowl . a sign that read : isolation table - do not disturb . camera tilt down to see Annie and hallie eat at a table in the mess kul , directly under the sign . they be separate from the other camper and eat without speak . Annie eat a well balanced meal while she read a book as hallie munch on a cheeseburger and play game Boy . they never look at each other . int . dance room - day Annie , wear a black leotard , she hair in a bun , stand at the ballet barre , practice she ply to swan lake . hallie enter in black bike short and sport bra , carry a boom box . she ignore Annie , turn on a janet jackson CD and start practice a hip -hop routine . annoy , Annie turn up swan Lake . hallie blast 7anet Jackson right back at she . int . bath house - night hallie stand in front of the mirror , in pajama bottom and a T-shirt , comb she wet hair . she wrap a towel around she -head as Annie 's pal , crosby enter . . crosby ( mistake she for Annie ) Annie , hi ! oh , man , I can not believe they stick you with that hallie person , I feel so bad for you . hallie ( do she best english accent , which be pretty melodramatic ) you have no idea , love . it 's just bloody awful be in isolation with that dreadful little monster . I do miss you so , daahling . come give we a kiss ... right here on my rosy little cheek . come , come , do not be shy , .. I have be ev-uh so lonely . crosby give hallie a strange look , then kiss she awkwardly on the cheek . just then , Annie enter , hold she toothpaste and toothbrush . crosby ( leaping away ) Annie ! 21 . Annie crosby ? hallie guess that make I hallie . crosby 's scream be drown out by the SOUND of rolling th = er . e:xt . isolation bunk - another day it 's pour . the wind howl . int . isolation bunk - same tim hallie , in flannel p.j. 's and a sweat - shirt , be pin up postcard and photo above she cot . Annie , in match sweater and pants , play solitaire . now and then , each sneak a glance at the other . a sudden gust of wind blow the door open , send hallie 's stack of photo fly into the air . hallie scream , try to salvage they , as Annie rush to the door and bolt it shut . together , the girl tie down the blind . Annie find hallie 's favorite stuff animal , cuppy , lie on the floor and hand he to hallie . hallie thanks . Annie any of you picture ruin ? hallie ( hold tear photo ) only the beautiful Leo dicaprio . Annie oh , you boyfriend ? hallie ( show she photo ) yeah , right . ( then ) you have never hear of Leonardo dicaprio ? Annie I have hear of Leonardo DiVinci . hallie ' how far away be London anyway ? 22 Annie from here - six thousand mile . but sometimes , it seem much further . - how far away be you home ? hallie California 's way at the other end of the country . ( show she photo ) actually , here 's a picture of my house . Annie wow . it 's beautiful . hallie we have get this incredible porch that wrap around the whole house with rock chair and a hammock and stable back thataway ... and this great pool with a slide board ... Annie how cool . ( point to the back of a man ) who 's that ? hallie oh , that 's my dad ... he do not know I be take a picture or he would have turn around . he 's kinda like my best friend . we do everything together . Annie react strangely , as if chill , she rub the goosebump on she arm . hallie what 's the matter ? Annie ( pull down she sleeve ) it 's chilly in here , that 's all . hallie cross to she trunk and take out a bag of oreo . see Annie watch she . hallie want one ? Annie sure . I love oreos . at home , I eat they with peanut butter . 23 . hallie ( stop , surprised ) you do ? that 's so weird . so do i. Annie you be kid ? most people find that totally disgusting . hallie I know . I do not get it . Annie I either . the Girls laugh , feel a little guilty for enjoy each other 's company , then laugh even harder . hallie dig a jar of peanut butter from she trunk and open it . the Girls start eat . hallie what 's you dad like ? I mean , be he the kind of father you can talk to or be he one of that workaholic type that say , ' I will talk to you later , honey ' , but never really do ? I hate that . Annie I do not have a father , actually . I mean , I have one , once , I suppose , but my parent divorced year ago . my mother never even mention he . it 's like he evaporate into thin air or something . hallie it 's scary the way nobody stay together any more . Annie tell I about it . both Girls devour they oreos and peanut butter . hallie how old be you ? Annie ( she mouth full ) I will be twelve on October 11th . halle ( choke ) so will i. 2 4 Annie you birthday 's October 11th ? ( hallie nod ) how weird be that ? hallie very . ( then , realize ) hey , it stop raining . want to get a popsicle or something ? Annie walk to hallie and look she up and down , really study she , bite on she locket . hallie , feel she eye on she , play with she necklace . hallie what 's the matter ? Annie hallie , what 's you mother like ? hallie I never meet she . she and my dad split up when I be a baby , maybe even before , I be not sure . he do not like to talk about she ... but I know she be really beautiful . Annie how do you know that ? hallie because my dad have this old picture of she hide in he sock drawer and he catch I look at it all the time so he give it to I to keep . I be really thirsty , you sure you do not want to go to the canteen and get something to drink ? Annie will you stop think about you stomach at a time like this ! hallie at a time like what ? Annie do not you realize what 's happen ?!? do not you find it peculiar that we both look so much alike and have the same birthday and ... ( put it all together ) oh man , this be beyond coincidence , this be beyond imagination ! I only have a mother , ( more ) 2 5 . Annie ( cont would ) you only have a father .. you have never see you Mom , I have never see my dad . you have one old picture of you Mom , I have one old picture of my dad but at least yours be probably a whole picture . ( hallie drift over to she trunk ) mine 's a pathetic little thing , rip right down the middle ... what be you rummage in you trunk for ? hallie ( turn , hold photo to she chest ) this . it 's the picture of my Mom . and it 's rip , too . Annie ( a little spook ) right down the middle ? hallie ( nod , nervously ) right down the middle . Annie rush to she trunk , wildly toss out she thing . she pull out a small box , open it and carefully take out she ripped photograph . she walk to hallie , hold it to she chest . Annie this be so freaky . okay . on the count of three , we will show they to each other , okay ? hallie / Annie ( at the same time ) one ... two ... ( they put they photo together ) Three ! insert - the two torn photo which , when place next to each other , fit perfectly , form one complete photo . anniee mom sit cozily next to ie's mm . behind they , be a life preserver with the name on it . ( bite she nail ) that 's my dad ... Annie that be my Mom ... 2 6 the Girls stare at the photo , then at each other . a formality of strangeness settles on they . they both reach for they locket . o.s. , the lunch bell sound . Annie that 's the lunch bell . hallie I be not so hungry anymore . so if you Mom be my Mom and my dad be you dad ... and we be both bear on October 11th , then you and I be ... like ... sister . Annie sister ?!? hallie , we be twin !!! frozen , Annie laugh then tear come to she eye . hallie 's eye fill up and soon tear streak she cheek . they put they arm around each other and embrace , sobbing . they pull apart , look at each other , smile , then begin to laugh . hallie bite nervously on she locket . Annie what 's that locket you be bite ? hallie oh , I get it when I be bear . it have my initial " Ho on it . Annie ( show hers ) I get mine when I be bear , too . except mine have a " au on it . hallie now I have get goose - bump ( realize ) oh my God . I be a twin ?!?. there 's two of I ! I mean , two of we ? wow ! this be like ... I have to sit down . hallie take a seat on Annie 's bed . Annie ( sit next to she ) think I will join you . they sit for a beat , then : hallie can I see you toe ? 27 Annie ( pull off she sneaker ) sure . hallie kick off she shoe and they hold they foot out in front of they , side - by-side . Annie identical ! hand ? they hold out they hand together . hallie oh my god . exactly the same . except I bite my nail . Annie you should stop . see how nice they could look . hallie what 's you favorite color ? Annie mint Green . hallie oh my God oh my God ! Annie ( bend she right thumb down to she wrist ) can you do this with you right hand only ? hallie ( bend she leave thumb down ) no , but I can do it with my leave hand only . Annie if you could only eat one food for the rest of you life , what would it be ? hallie I do not know . pizza ... Annie topped with ... ? hallie olive , green pepper ... 2 8 Annie and ... ? hallie anchovy . Annie oh my God . we be twin ! the Girls hug . int . mess hall - dinner time Annie and hallie sit at they isolation table , talk a mile - a-minute . Annie I do not know what we parent fight about but it must have be pretty dreadful for they to bisect we like this . hallie I can not imagine anyone not get along with dad . everyone love he . Annie I know , same with Mom . hallie tell I about she , what 's she like ? Annie she 's a clothing designer . hallie get out ! Annie she design the most beautiful wedding gowns . that 's she specialty . she 's become quite famous , actually . a princess in Greece just buy one of she gowns . hallie wow . Annie you know what 's interesting - neither of they ever get marry again . have you ...my ... we dad ever be close to remarry 2 9 . hallie never . he always say I be the only girl in he life . Annie Mom 's never come close either . you know what this mean , do not you ? hallie not exactly . you be obviously the older one , you get everything before I . what do it mean ? Annie ( lean in ) secretly , in they innermost heart of heart , they must still be in love with each other . hallie you think so ? then why have not they try to see each other all this year ? Annie that 's the way true love work . History 's fill with storey of lover parte by some silly misunderstanding . anyway , Mom can be unbelievably stubborn when she want to be . hallie she can not be worse than dad Annie ( laugh ) they sound exactly like we . ext . isolation bunk - establishing - late at night everything be quiet and peaceful until we hear : hallie 's voice ( o.s . ) ohmygod ! int . isolation bunk - same time the room be Dark , Annie be sleep . hallie bolt straight up in bed . hallie I have a brilliant beyond brilliant idea . ( get out of bed , pace ) ( more ) 3 0 hallie ( cont would ) I be a genius . Annie , wake up , you be related to a bona fide genius . Annie what be you rave about ? hallie you want to know what dad be like , right ? Annie I be just dream I be on you front porch with he . hallie -- and I be die to know Mom . so what I be think be ... oh man , this be so brilliant , it 's scary . Annie what be it ?!? hallie I think we should switch place . when camp 's over , I leave as you and go back to London and you leave as I and go to California . ( off Annie 's look ) we can pull it off . we be twin , be not we ? Annie twin from different country , with different accent , different hair-style , different vocabulary ... different everything . hallie , we be totally and completely , one hundred percent different . hallie so ? what 's the problem ? I will teach you to be I and you teach I to be you . ( get on knee and beg ) c'mon , I gotta meet my Mom . Annie ( get out of bed ) the truth be , you know , if we switch , sooner or later they will have to un-switch US . hallie and when they do , they will have - to meet again . Annie face-to-face . after all this year . hallie I tell you I be brilliant . int . dance room - day hallie wear Annie 's leotard and Annie wear hallie 's bike short and sport bra . hallie hold a large pad on which she have draw the layout of she house . hallie -- okay , dining room 's on the right , but we never eat in there except on Thanksgiving and Christmas . live room 's here ... dad 's office be the first door down the hall . you never have to knock , if you do , he will think it 's weird ... down here be ... f-xt . lake - sunset Annie and hallie sit on the dock look through a stack of photo , as the sun sink behind they . Annie wear hallie 's Girls rule baseball cap . Annie this be grandfather . hallie he 's so cute . what do we call he ? Annie grandfather . hallie that make sense . Annie ( show next photo ) this be Martin . he 's we butler . - hallie we have a butler ? MAIN hall - night ' the entire camp be assemble for a screen of Father of the , bride , part ii , and naturally , they be laugh hysterically . hallie and Annie sit in the middle of the crowd , whisper . Annie but I never bite my nail ! 32 . hallie but I always do . daddy will know . Annie ( sit on she hand ) I can not . hallie want I to do it for you ? Annie roll she eye and start chew away . int . mess hall - morning Annie sit in hallie 's seat and hallie sit in Annie 's . hallie sip a cup of tea , very lady - like and Annie munch on fruit loops . hallie ( with a proper british accent ) I dare say this be frightfully good tea , would not you agree ? Annie ( play game Boy ) what -ever . int . isolation bunk - day pan the wall which be now cover with chart , photo and diagram of Annie 's London town House and hallie 's Napa ranch House . come to rest on Annie , sit on a stool in front of a mirror , bite she locket . Annie okay , I be ready . close - a drawer slide OPEN and hallie take out a comb and a pair of scissors . close - Annie - close her eye hallie step int frame , grab a of clump of Annie 's hair and close she eye , as well . Annie do not shut you eye ! 3 3 hallie oh , right . sorry . I be just a little nervous . Annie you be nervous ?!? a eleven year - old be cut my hair . go ahead , just do it ! as hallie raise the scissors ... angle - the floor as anniee hair fall in a ring around she foot . a beat and camera tilt up to Annie stare in the mirror at she new look " . hallie lean in next to she . they be now identical in every way . Annie this be scary . hallie ( New yawk accent ) honey , you never look better . ( realize something ) ohmygod ! Annie ohmygod what ? hallie I have pierce ear ! Annie yeah ... ? ( then , panicked ) oh , no . forget it ! uh-uh , not happen . sorry . wrong number . hallie then cut you hair be a total waste . there 's no way I could go to camp with pierce ear and come home without them . I mean , come on . get real . Annie this be not fair . I have have to chew my nail , cut off my hair and now you want to punch hole in my ear ! you do not have to do one bloody thing to become I ! hallie hey , can I help it if I be a complicated woman with a look entirely my own ? 3 4 a match be fire up . hallie hold a sewing needle over the flame . hallie ( very calmly ) needle sterilize . hallie professionally carry the needle to Annie , who lie on she bed , petrify , hold a ice cube to she ear . Annie y-y - you sure you know what you be do ? hallie ( cool as a cucumber ) I have go with all my friend to have they ear pierce . just close you eye , it will all be over before you know it . earring ready ? Annie hold up the earring as she reply . hallie okay , just relax . on the count of three , remove the ice . one , two , three ! Annie shut she eye tightly , pull the ice away as hallie - stick the needle through Annie 's ear lobe . both Girls scream at the top of they lung . CUT to : hallie - passed out cold on the floor Annie , now wear the earring , gently slap hallie 's face try to revive she . Annie hal , be you okay ? wake up ! hallie ! hallie open she eye . hallie be you bleed to death ? Annie I be fine . it do not hurt at all . but I refuse to go through life with only one pierce ear . ( hold up needle . ) back to work , darling . 3 5 hallie take one look at the needle and pass out again . Annie hal ! ext . MAIN lodge - morning teary -ey camper be hugging good - bye , as they load into the bus and car . crosby , Jackie , Zoe and Nicole hug hallie and Annie good - bye and - climb into they bus . hallie be now dress in Annie 's blue suit and Annie be dress in hallie 's overall . Annie okay , so remember , you be go to find out how Mom and dad meet ... hallie -- and you be gonna find out why they break up ... marva jr. ( through she bull - horn ) -- Annie James ! you car 's here ! Annie James , front and center ! Annie that 's you . ( hand she envelope ) here 's you ticket and passport . the plane leave at noon . ( then ) also , remember , you have get to figure out a way to bring Mom out to California . marva JR last call , Annie James ! the Girls hug . give dad a kiss for I . Annie and give Mom one for I . hallie nod and take off . Annie watch she , bite she locket . Annie ohmygod ! hallie ! I mean , Annie ! hallie ! ( more ) 3 6 Annie ( cont would ) ( hallie turn ) the locket ! hallie roll she eye , run back and the Girls quickly switch locket , kiss good - bye and hallie take off again . Annie watch from the crowd as hallie greet the limo Driver , climb in the back seat and speed off . Annie cross she arm , then cross she finger . Annie good luck . CUT to : london from 10,000 foot . angle - hallie - seated by the window on british Air , just moment before landing . hallie ( to herself ) okay , this be it . oh , God , I hope she like I . please like I . int . british AIR terminal - a few m a steady stream of passenger fill the terminal . hallie cautiously enter , look into the sea of face wait behind a velvet rope , when she hear : martin ( o.s. ) Annie ! hallie look up and see Martin push through the crowd , hold a small bouquet of flower hallie ( with she best british accent ) maaaw - tin ! she rush to he and dive he a big hug . martin you look fantastic . what do you do to you hair ? hallie cut it . do you like it ? 3 7 martin Love it . it 's the new you ! ( notice ) and you get you ear pierce ! give I five , girlfriend ! he put out he hand to start " the handshake " . hallie look at he strangely for a moment , then remember " the handshake " and execute it to perfection . london - the sight as see from a move limo . we pass the house of parliament , westminster abbey and big BEN . int . limousine - moving - same time hallie have the window roll down , she head rest on she hand , as she soak up the sight . hallie this be so amazing ! what a city ! martin eight week at camp and suddenly you act like a american tourist . hallie that 's what camp 's for , silly . make you appreciate home . I just love how everyone drive on the wrong side here . ( then , realize ) I mean , here they actually drive on the right side , but after be in America where they drive on the wrong side , which after a while begin to feel like the right side , make this seem like the wrong side ... obmygod ! Martin ! Buckingham Palace !!! can we stop ?!? I be die to see one of the guard up close . martin you have see the guard up close a million time . hallie but never with short hair and pierce ear . martin do they serve you anything funny to drink on that plane ? 3 S. hallie please , Martin . just for a sec . martin just for a sec ? now you be even talk like a american . oh , dear ... gareth pull over , will you , old boy ? the Driver pull up in front of buckingham palace and hallie get out and run up to one of the Royal Guards . as be the custom , the Guard do not look at hallie , do not even blink . hallie ( wave ) hi , there . how ya doin ' ? ( no answer , whisper ) my name 's hallie . I be from California . we do not have anything remotely like you in California . oh , this be too cool . my dad have a nutcracker shape just like you . same outfit ... everything . be the Queen home ? what 's she do ? I know you can not answer . can you blink if she 's home ? suddenly , the Guard click he heel , lift he rifle over he shoulder and snap to attention . a dozen other guard join he , do the same . immediately , the other side of the gate be flanke by a matched set of guard , all switch they rifle from one shoulder to the other and snap to attention . the enormous Gates to the Palace majestically OPEN and a dozen palace hors hold Royal flag exit in formation , follow by a white roll royce . the roll slowly pull through the Gates and head directly toward hallie , who stand freeze among the Palace Guards . hallie oh jeez , tell I this be not happen ! the roll come to a stop in front of hallie and the tinted window in the back - seat slowly lower . hallie start to fall backwards . the Palace Guard push she back upright . from the back -seat , behind the Driver , queen elizabeth lean forward and peer out crown and all . queen elizabm good afternoon . hallie good afternoon . queen elizabeth what 's you name , dear ? hallie hallie parker . I mean , Annie James , mar 'am . not hallie parker . sorry . forget my name . queen elizabeth yes , I have that effect on people . so nice to meet you , Annie James . thank you for stop by the Palace today . 39 hallie thank you , you highness . very nice to meet you personally like this ... I do not even know you be home . I be excited just to see one of you Guards ... I be suppose to curtsey , be not I ? queen elizabeth that 's okay , my dear , I sha not tell a single soul . I promise . hallie ( nod , stunne ) you sha not ? oh , thank you , mar 'am . queen elizabeth ( wave , with a glove hand ) time for I to go . ta-ta . hallie ( wave back , shocked ) ta-ta . the window rise and the roll pull off amongst the Queen 's Guard . palace guard ( through lock tooth ) now that 's a first . hallie turn to Martin and the chauffeur , who watch , they mouth agape . ext . 18th . century house - regent's park - a little later a elegant town house on one of London 's loveliest street . the limousine pull up and the Driver get out , open the back door for hallie . she step out and look up at the house . 4 0. hallie ( to herself ) this be it , 18 cumberland Square . Martin help the Driver with the luggage as hallie rush up the step . she place she hand on the big round knob and turn it . int . town house a beautiful , sun - fill house with a fantastic carve staircase . hallie stand in the foyer , feel very small . hallie hello ? she peek into the drawing room , do not see anyone , head around the stair , count the doorway and stop at : the library where she see someone sit in a leather chair , smoking a pipe , hide behind the Financial Times . hallie ( softly ) grandfather , I be home . hallie 's grandfather , charle James , a small , dapper man , with a moustache and wear a saville row suit , rise with a smile . charle be that my little girl ? that tall gangly thing ? hallie yes , it 's I . ( take she in he arm ) do you have a good time , sweet pea ? hallie ( bury in he suit jacket ) uh-huh ... great ... charle ( amused ) what be you do ? hallie just smell . charle smell ? hallie I be make a memory . year from now , when I be all grow up , I will remember my grandfather and how he always smell of peppermint and pipe tobacco . he pull she close , she rest she head on he chest . then , from the top of the stair , hallie hear : elizabeth' voice Annie ...! hallie look up to the balcony at the top of the stair and see she mother - for the first time in she life . elizabeth James be a natural beauty in she mid-thirty . hallie walk trance - like to the bottom of the stair . hallie- mother ? elizabeth honey , welcome home ! Elizabeth rush down the stair as hallie fly up toward she .. hallie fall into she mother 's arm , tear flooding she eye . hallie I can not believe it 's you . elizabeth and I can not believe it 's you and with short hair no less . hallie a girl I meet at camp cut it . do you hate it ? martin ( enter with the luggage ) I think it look awesome . elizabeth so do 1 . I absolutely love it . and you get you ear pierce ?! hallie nod . charle look very chic if you ask I , although nobody ever do . 42 . elizabeth any other surprise - belly - button ring , tatoos ... ? hallie laugh , shake she head , look up at she mother with tear in she eye . elizabeth what be it , sweetie ? hallie I be sorry , it 's just ... I have miss you so much . elizabeth ( hugging she ) can you believe it ? it seem like it 's be forever . hallie you have no idea . int . elizabeth' bedroom - moment later we hear laughter off - camera then Elizabeth and hallie E R. hallie take in the room ... it 's beautiful , feminine and gracious . tea have be laid on a corner table . Elizabeth lead hallie to a small love seat . elizabeth so tell I all about camp . hallie ohmygod , I love you room , Mom ... it 's so ... totally mom-like . elizabeth nothing 's new ... it 's just as mom-like as it 's always be . so ... c' mon , tell 7ne ... do you like everyone ? be it fun ? yeah , it be great and I like this one girl a real lot , I mean ... in particular . she 's from California , actually . ( then ) have you ever be to California ? elizabeth ( pour tea ) yes ... once . but that be a long time ago , before you be bear . 4 3 hallie ( stare at Elizabeth ) man-o-manichevitz ... I do not realize you be so beautiful . elizabeth man-o-manichevitz ... I love you new vocabulary . just then , Martin knock on the open door and with disdain , hold up hallie 's teddy bear , by it 's ear . martin I find a stowaway in you suitcase . hallie ohmygod , cuppy . ( Elizabeth turn to she ) he belong to a girl in my bunk ... I do not know how on earth he end up in my suitcase . gosh , whaddya know . martin well , since he 's not we ' cuppy 's , shall we dispose of he ? hallie ( retrieve it ) no ! I mean , no . I will mail he to she . she love this thing a lot . a lot . a lot . she 's like sleep with that thing she entire life and she could never be like in a foreign country without he . no , no , I will take care . of it , thank you , Martin . just then , the phone ring . Elizabeth answer it . elizabeth hello ? hi ... really ? can not you manage without I ? Annie just get home from camp ... well , what 's the problem ? as Elizabeth talk on the phone , hallie cross to the dresser and run she hand across she mother 's brush , she pearl , smell she perfume , then lift up a photo of Elizabeth as a little girl . hallie t = 's back , look at she Mom . Elizabeth make a face about the phone call . hallie laugh as Elizabeth continue on the phone . hallie notice Elizabeth 's closet door be open and she enter , gaze at all of she mother 's clothes . she look at a row of evening clothes and touch the beautiful fabric . 44 . elizabeth Annie ! hallie pop out of the closet , worried she 's be catch trespasp . elizabeth would you mind very much run down to the studio with I ? ext . king road - london - a little later through a long lens , shoot through taxi cab and traffic , we see one very happy Little girl walk the street of London , hold she mother 's hand . a store window - moment later be close on a mannequin wear a exquisite wedding gown . above the window be the name Elizabeth tame design . hallie ( o.s . ) wow , that 's incredible . angle back to reveal hallie and Elizabeth stand in front of the shop . elizabeth really ? you do not think it 's too over - the- top ? hallie no . I love it . you know who would look really beautiful in that gown ? I mean , beautiful ? elizabeth who ? hallie you . elizabeth I ? I think the time change have make you a little loopy . come on , let 's see what all the fuss be about ... 4 5 . elizabeth James studio - day a skylight fill the foyer of this convert town house with a splash of white light . a huge vase of white orchid sit on a antique table . Elizabeth and hallie climb a circular stairwell , pass a bridal boutique on the first floor . hallie -- you mean you never think about get marry again ? elizabeth no , I like thing exactly the way they be , thank you . a Assistant hurry past they , carry a veil . assistant hi , Elizabeth . hey Annie , welcome home . great haircut . hallie hi ... thanks ... ( shut she yes , think hard ) -- Fiona ! yeah , I be back . thanks . ( then ) but Mom , seriously , do not design all this wedding gowns ever make you think about marriage ... or maybe just think about the if ' word ? elizabeth ( stop ) the ' f’ word ?! hallie my ' father ' . elizabeth oh . that ' f’ word . well , no , actually it do not because I do not even wear a wedding gown - when I marry the if ' word . halllie you do not ? - why not ? elizabeth hey , how do we get into this discussion anyway ? ( they arrive at a large loft fill with people ) ( more ) 4 6 elizabeth ( cont would ) okay , here we be . now let 's see what disaster await we . as they step into the loft , we see a photo - shoot be in progress . a model wear a beautiful wedding gown as a photographer , shoot away . make - up , Hair people and assistant scurry about . music play in the b.g . hallie watch like a kid in a candy store . photographer okay , she 's here .- we be save . elizabeth ( sotto , to hallie ) uh-huh , the pressure 's on . photographer we do not know what to do with the veil . if she wear it , it cover the back of the dress , if she do not the dress look -- elizabeth -- incomplete . right. ( to model ) can you try stand sideways ..? head up , kind of a audrey hepburn type ... that 's it . that 's perfect . ( to Assistant ) now slip the veil on and drape it back ... not over she shoulder ... straight back , there you go ... ( to model ) now lift the train in you arm like you be carry it . do not worry about the bouquet , you be marry now , you gotta learn to juggle ... beautiful . and look happy , it 's you wedding day ! the model laugh as the photographer reel off shot . hallie ( to herself ) Mom be too cool . studio corridor - moment later Elizabeth and hallie make they way down the hall , pass a row of design office . two assistant carry a gown past they . hallie so what do you wear to marry my dad ? 47 . elizabeth why the sudden curiosity about you dad ? hallie well , maybe because he 's never mention and you can not blame a kid for wonder ... elizabeth ( stick she head in a office ) I be go home , kid ... see you tomorrow . Elizabeth and hallie head back down the circular staircase . hallie so , what be he like ? really . elizabeth who ? hallie roll she eye . ext . elizabeth James design - london - late day Elizabeth and hallie step onto the street . hallie mother , you can not avoid the subject forever . elizabeth okay . he be quite lovely to tell you the truth . when we meet , he be ... actually entirely lovely . all right ? hallie ( smile ) all right . it start to rain . Elizabeth snap open a umbrella . elizabeth ( put she arm around hallie ) be you cold ? @ Ie I be fine . ( look up at she ) so , do you meet he here in London ? Elizabeth - take hallie 's hand as they dash across the street . 4 8 . elizabeth we meet on the qe 2 . hallie the qe what ? elizabeth the Queen Elizabeth 2 . it 's a ocean liner that sail from London to New York . I be nervous about fly in that day , so be you father . ( remember back ) we meet we very first night on board the ship , actually . we be seat next to each other at dinner . he 's a american , you know . hallie no kid ? elizabeth ( nod ) we kind of hit it off immediately . hallie hey , I love Americans . I mean , if I be not british , I would be a american . so , be it love at first sight ? elizabeth I know you be go to ask I all this question one day . ( yell ) taxi ! Elizabeth raise she be and hail a cab . it splashes to a stop and they hurry inside . int . taxi - moving Elizabeth and hallie sit side - by-side . hallie so , do you see each other every single night ? elizabeth you know , this part of you personality remind I of you father . you would think he raise you instead of I . ( look into hallie 's eye ) yes , we see each other every night , every 4 9 . elizabeth ( cont would ) morning and every hour in - between . then one night , he pop the question , right there in the middle of the Atlantic . hallie cool . elizabeth and since a ship 's Captain can do all kind of special thing , like even marry people ... hallie ohmygod , you mean , you get marry on the qe 2 ? ( Elizabeth nod ) that 's beyond cool . so what happen ? you do not love each other when you be not in the middle of the Atlantic ? elizabeth I do not ) mow , honey . this thing be complicated . I be very british and you father 's very american . I try live in California , he try live in London but ... hallie it just do not work out . elizabeth no , it do not . except for have you . hallie smile . Elizabeth put she arm around she , pull she close . hallie sign . hallie dear old dad . I wonder what he 's do at this very moment ? CUT to : dear old dad camera be close on nick parker and he be lovely , indeed . a smile , ruggedly hancuome guy , who shine among a throng of people wait anxiously at the napa county airport . suddenly , he brighten and wave . nick hal ! hey , welcome home , kiddo ! 5 0 angle - Annie walking across the tarmac carry hallie 's duffel bag over she shoulder . nervous at first , she break into a grin at the sight of she father , wave and smile at she . Annie dad !!! Annie run to he and stop just as she reach he . Annie ( look up at he ) dad ... finally ... nick get into this arm , you little punk . Nick wrap he arm around Annie and pull she close . nick I hope you have a lousy time at that camp ' cause you be never go back - I miss you too much . ( Annie smile , Nick look at she ) what happen to you ? something 's change . do you get taller ? they walk off , arm -in - arm , into the terminal , Nick carry hallie 's duffel . int . terminal Annie so , what 's up , dad ? how 's chessy and everybody ? nick great . everybody 's great , can not wait to see you . eight week really be too long , hal . so much have be happen around here . Annie a lot 's happen to I , too . I feel like I be practically a new woman . as they walk , Annie keep peek at Nick . nick what 's the matter ? do I cut myself shave ? Annie no , it 's just see you for the first time . I mean , you know ... in so long . ( giggle ) you look taller to I , too . nick ( pull she to he ) c'mon , squirt , let 's go home . ext . napa , california - aerial view - day a dark green suburban drive past picture perfect wine vineyard . int . suburban - moving Nick drive wear a straw cowboy hat . hallie sit next to he . nick hey , by the way , thanks for all that newsy letter . I be really glad I buy you all that personalize stationary you just have to have . Annie we mean to write , dad , but we just get so busy with ... nick we ? Annie oh . I and my friend . I meet this girl at camp and we get really close . practically like sister . she be a lovely girl . nick ' Lovely 's ? you seem to have get very proper all of a sudden . ( take she hand , look at it ) still bite that nail . Annie dad ! you notice ! 52 . nick whaddya mean , notice ? you have be bite they since you get tooth . Annie but I have decide to stop , dad . it 's a horrid , habit , really it be , dad . nick ' Lovely ' girl ... ' horrid , habit ? do I send you to summer camp or finish school ? and why do you keep say ' dad , at the end of every sentence ? Annie I be sorry , I do not realize I be do it , dad. ( realize she 's do it again ) sorry , dad . they both laugh . Annie do you want to know why I keep say dad ... ? the truth ? nick because you miss you old man so much ? Annie exactly ! it 's because in my whole life , I mean for this past eight week , I be never able to ever say the word ' dad '. never . not once ! and a dad be a irreplaceable person in a girl ' life . I mean think about it , there 's a whole day , devote to celebrate father , right ? just imagine , someone 's life without a Father . never buy a Father 's Day card , never get they Father a ' birthday present , never sit on they Father 's lap , never be able to say , ' hi , dad ' , ' what 's up , dad ? , , ' bye , dad , catch you later , dad ' . a baby 's first word be always ] dada , be not they ? then there 's ' daddy ' , ' daddio ' , ' pop ' , ' my old man ' ... not to mention , ' wait ' till you father get home , and ... nick so , let I see if I get this ... you miss be able to call I dad. 53 Annie yeah . I really have , dad . Nick smile as he turn in under a wooden sign that say parker vineyard and winery . Annie look out the window . Annie obmygod . nick now you sound like you old self . ext . nick and hallie' house - day a rambling victorian - style ranch house , with a wide porch that wrap around the entire facade . Nick toot the horn as he drive down the long gravel driveway . sammy , a big golden mutt , race after the car , bark . jose , Nick 's right -hand man , arrive from the side of the house , drink a small bottle of juice . he open the surburban 's door for Annie . jose well , look who finally decide to come home . Annie hey , Jose . jose do you old man tell you we decide no more camp for you ? Annie ( climb out ) yeah , he tell I . jose ( hugging she ) it get too quiet around here , hal . we could not stand it . nobody blast music , nobody play hide and seek in the vineyard , nobody get stick up on the roof ... Annie laugh as the screen door swing open and chessy exit , hum as if she 's a one - woman welcome home band . chessy , the most lovable woman on the planet , early thirty , warm eye , great sense of humor , lift Annie right off she foot . 54 chessy Hell -o , gorgeous ! you grow , you lose weight , you look fabulous , we miss you , do not let this bum talk you out of , go back to camp . you be a grow girl . you need adventure . you hungry ? I make cornbread and chili . why be you so quiet ? what 's wrong ? Annie I be just so happy to be home . nick ( pass , carry hallie 's duffel ) do I hear something about cornbread and chili ? chessy it 's on the stove ... ( without even look ) wipe you foot , Jose ! chessy look Annie over , hug she again . chessy you have change , hal ... I can not put my finger on it , but something about you have definitely change .. sammy bound down the step of the porch . Annie really ? me? ( then ) hi , sammy ! sammy sniff at Annie 's shoe , look up at she , then back off suspiciously , barking at she . chessy what 's with you , goofball ! it 's hallie . sanmy continue barking . Annie I probably smell like camp , that 's all . Annie run up the porch step , follow by chessy . 55 . chessy ( to sammy ) what 's wrong with you ? it 's like you do not even recognize she . int . house a spacious comfortable ranch house with high ceiling and panoramic view of Nick 's vineyard . Annie ( take it all in ) wow ! it 's even better than the picture . chessy whaddya want to do first , kiddo - unpack or eat ? or eat , then unpack ? or , we can eat while we unpack . Annie you mean I can eat in my room ? chessy ( look at she like she 's nut ) yes , I would say that 's a definite possibility . - as chessy and Annie head up the stair , Nick enter , eat a big bowl of chili . nick hal , when you be do , come on down , there 's someone I want you to meet . Annie ( look down at he ) okay , dad. nick ( smile ) okay , hal . Annie continue up the stair , suddenly stop . turn to chessy . Annie someone he want I to meet ? chessy ( on the sly ) - he do not tell you ? 5 6 Annie tell I what ? Annie hear the SOUND of a woman laughing . she look down . anniee view - the live room below Nick turn as meredith blake enter from the patio . meredith be a tawny beauty of twenty - six , wear a chic sleeveless dress , sleek hair and heel . ' Nick take she hand . Annie turn back to chessy and mouth " who be that ? '' chessy motion for Annie to follow she upstairs . int . hallie' room sunny , warmly furnish with lot of book , CD 's , horse show ribbon and toy . the french door be wide open and a gentle breeze billow the curtain . Annie - who 's the blonde ? chessy hal , it 's none of my business how you father make a fool out of himself , you understand ? he 's a big boy , he can do what he want . Annie right . so who be she ? chessy her name 's meredith blake . she 's a publicist from San Francisco . you father hire she at the beginning of the summer to do some publicity for the vineyard and if you ask I , she 's do a better job sell herself than the grape . Annie whaddya mean ? chessy look , you and I ) mow you dad 's no suave debonair bachelor of the month -type , so I wonder what a young hot thing like she see in a guy who walk around with he shirt - tail hang out and he cereal bowl full of chili . then I realize , there 's a . million reason why that girl 's giggle and they be all sit in the Napa Valley Community Bank . Annie you mean you do not think she even really like dad ... chessy -- what do I know ? but I will tell you one thing . this one could give Sharon Stone femme fatal lesson . she 's get you father eat out of the palm of she hand . they ride together , they swim together , they be out to dinner every night . not to mention she treat yours truly like the shlepper help ' of all time which have really endear she to I , as you can imagine . = you go down and meet she and see for yourself . do not let I influence you . int . live room - a few minute later Annie bound down the stair , wear sunglass and a fade parker vineyard T-shirt over a bathing suit - . she look around , see lot of photograph of Nick and hallie when hallie be a baby . Annie ( admire a photo ) we be such a cute baby . she 's distract when she hear meredith 's laugh . Annie lower she sunglass , peer over they at meredith loung by the pool ogling Nick . ext . pool Annie join Nick and meredith under a umbrella . the vineyard and mountain cascade down from the pool create a incredible vista . nick there 's my girl ! hal , I want you to meet a friend of mine . honey , this be meredith blake . Annie ( wave ) hi ... ith hi. wow . I can not believe I be finally meeting the famous hallie . I have look forward to this all summer . 58 . Annie really ? well ... here I be . meredith nicky , she 's adorable . Nick blushes as Annie mouth " nicky-o meredith the way you father talk about you I expect to meet a little girl but you be so grow up ... Annie I will be twelve soon . how old be you ? meredith ( a little throw ) -- twenty -six . Annie only fourteen year older than I . how old be you again , dad ? nick oh , suddenly she 's interested in math . I be gonna get some more chili and a bottle of champagne to celebrate . Annie what be we celebrate ? Nick pause . meredith ( jump in ) you be home - come of course . Nick and meredith exchange a quick look which be not lose on Annie . Nick head toward the house as Annie sit by the pool , dunking she foot in the water . a cell - phone ring , meredith flip it open . meridith hello . yes , reverend mosby ... uh-huh . I will certainly ask he but I doubt if he will be available . I understand it 's for a local charity . um-hmmm ... I be write it all down . ( she write nothing down ) okay , get it . sound very worthwhile , I - agree but unfortunately , I see that Mr. parker will be out of the country that day . yes , I will be sure to mention it to he . thank you ( snap phone shut ) so. how be camp , hal ? be it fabulous ? Annie yes , I love it actually . my dad 's go out of the country ? when ? meridith no , no , I just have to say that to get he out of something . ( change the subject ) you know I never hear a man talk about he daughter the way nicky talk about you . you two be obviously incredibly close . Annie we be closer than close . we be all each other have ... Annie do a huge cannonball into the pool , splashing water all over meredith . piss , but control it , meredith walk to the edge of the pool pick up a towel and pat herself dry as Annie pop to the surface . Annie sorry , do I get you wet , mer? meredith ( try to be sweet ) just a little , hal. ( then ) hey , guess what ? you dad take I riding the other day and he let I ride you horse . I hope that 's okay with you . Annie oh , sure . sprout 's use to strange woman riding she . not that you be strange or anything .- actually , compare to the other , you seem relatively normal . ( she float on she back ) meredith ( curiosity get the best of she , walk to Annie ) other ? what other ? Annie what other ? puh-leeze . ( laugh hysterically , see meredith 's concern ) you want the 411 ? 60 . meredith the 411 ? Annie the ' information ' ... the lowdown on the other woman . can not say that I blame you . I would want to know if I be number twentyeight ... I mean ... number twenty - nine in a man 's life . meridith I be number twenty - nine ?! Annie well , yes but I do not start count ' till I be about four . God know how many there be before then . it 's always the same routine ... horseback riding through the vineyard ... long romantic dinner with he special reserve label wine ... moonlight swim ... ( meredith nod , intrigue ) but I always say , it 's none of my business if a man he age want to make a fool out of himself . although , maybe he 's change and you be the real thing , mer. just then , Nick arrive with a bottle of Champagne . nick okay , here we go . a bottle of my special reserve label . you girl find something to talk about while I be go ? Annie smile and dive under the water , just like a little angel . nick do that mean ' yes ' ? meridiith it sure do . ext . elizabethis town house - london - following morning over , a phone ring . int . foyer - same time grandfather walk right past the ringing phone , read the morning paper . Elizabeth stand at the top of the stair , slip on pair of heel . 61 elizabeth somebody grab that , please . Martin pass through carry a tray with coffee on it . he pick up the phone , balance the tray with he other hand . martin James residence ... Annie ? hallie walk by . hallie yes , Martin ? martin ( do a double - take ) oh dear , it sound just like you on the phone . ( into phone ) I be sorry , who do you wish to speak with ? Annie ? of course . one moment , please . ( hand hallie the phone ) a mild plotka for you ... sound like you twin . hallie my twin ? very funny . ( into phone ) hello ? oh , mild , how you doin ' ? int . hallie' bedroom - napa , california - midnight Annie hold the phone as she cross the bedroom , sneak into the bathroom and lock the door . Annie ( as herself ) hey ! howl it go over there ?. hallie ( also as - Annie ) oh , everything 's quite lovely here . we be expect a bit of rain today but mild , can you ... hold on for a moment7 hallie see the coast be clear and duck into the hall closet , shutting the door just as Martin walk past . he do another double-take ... where would she go ? 62 inside the closet - same time hallie pull a string above she head , turn on the light . hallie ( as herself ) okay , now I can talk . ohmygod , Mom 's incredible . I can not believe I have live my . entire life without know she . she 's beautiful and fun and smart and I love the gowns she design and I get she talk about how she and dad first meet and what happen between they and if you ask I -- intercut - hallie and Annie Annie ( whistling into phone ) hallie ! stop ! we have get a major problem . you be go to have to bring mother out here immediately . hallie immediately ? be you nut ? I have have one day with she . I be just get to know she . I can not . I refuse . Annie but this be a emergency . dad 's in love . hallie ( laugh ) get out of here . dad do not fall in love . I mean , not seriously . Annie trust I , he 's serious , about this one . he 's always hold she hand , kissing she neck , wait on she hand and foot .. hallie ( sink - to the floor ) he be ... ? Annie it 's disgusting . hallie well , you will just have to break ' em.up . sabotage she . do whatever you have to . 6 3 Annie I be try but I be at a slight disadvantage I only meet the man twelve hour ago . you have get to get back here to help I . hallie Annie , I can not . I want more time with Mom hallie find a candy wrapper in one of Annie 's coat pocket , wrinkle it over the receiver make it SOUND like static . mulie Annie , be you still there ? I can barely hear you ... Ann .... ( click the receiver ) Annie I be here ! what be you ..? hallie ( wrinkle the wrapper ) Operator ... ! Operator ... sorry , think I lose you , Annie . Annie ( know what 's up , hold receiver out from she ear ) thanks for you help , hal . int . foyer - london - same time hallie creak open the closet door and crawl out on all four , only to find she mother , grandfather and Martin stand in the foyer , all look down at she . hallie have a phone call . from a friend at camp . it 's a old camp tradition .-.. talk to you best friend from inside a closet ... kinda stupid , I know but ... ( rise , replace the phone on the table , sigh ) so ... Breakfast anyone ? CUT to : two plate load with bacon , egg , toast and pancakes angle back - with chessy , as she carry the plate across the kitchen to Annie . 64 . chessy okay , here we go , most important meal of the day ... egg sunny side up , bacon , toast and just in case you be really hungry ... a stack of humongous chocolate chip pancake which smell incredible , if I do say so myself . chessy place all of this in front of Annie . Annie ( not too interested ) thanks , chessy . chessy wave she hand over the food , send it 's aroma toward Annie . chessy not hungry again ? you hardly eat you chili , you favorite food and now you be not eat you breakfast . you be not sick , be you ? chessy put she hand on Annie 's forehead , then join she at the kitchen table . Annie I be fine , I promise . where 's dad ? chessy he and miss -- ( imitate meredith ) ' I will just have half a grapefruit , thank you , leave about a hour ago . you oversleep and he do not want to wake you . of course , I would oversleep too if I be up at midnight make mysterious phone call from my bathroom . Annie oh , that . I be call a friend from camp . mild . she life in New York . chessy oh , I see and you want to call mild at a time that be convenient for she . because of the time difference . Annie exactly . because of the time difference . chessy uh-huh . so you wait until it be three in the morning she time . that make perfect sense . Annie actually , it be seven at night she time . you see she life in New York but she be on vacation with she family in bora bora . Annie take a bite of bacon and give chessy a smile . chessy give she a stare . chessy very smooth . you dad want you to go over to he office as soon as you be do with breakfast . Annie he do ? thanks . ( shove bacon in she mouth ) I be do . she rise as sammy enter , see Annie and growls as he scoot around she . Annie that dog have get so weird ! bye , chessy , thanks again for breakfast . it be great . chessy look down at the plate of untouched food . Annie push on the screen door but it go nowhere . chessy ( watch she carefully ) pull , hal . Annie laugh , pull on the door and run out . camera move in on chessy , wonder what 's go on . int . parker vineyard - barrel room - a little later Nick and Annie walk through a huge vault room that house hundred of wooden barrel fill with wine . nick ( put he arm around she ) honey , I be glad you be here , there 's something really important I want to talk to you about . 66 . Annie that 's funny because there 's something really important I want to talk to you about . nick okay , you go first . Annie no , you . nick okay , I want to talk to you about meredith . Annie and I want to talk to you about my mother . ( then ) what about meredith ? nick ( throw ) w-w - what about you mother ? Annie dad , I be almost twelve , how long do you expect I to buy that story that the stork drop I on you doorstep ? nick c'mon , hal , we have talk about you mother ... Annie no we have not . not really . a girl need more in life than half of a crumpled old photograph . dad , I be almost a teenager , face it , I need a mother . nick you know what ? you be right . you do . which bring I to -- they turn a corner and - bump into meredith who be walk with she british assistant , richard nlck meredith ! meridith hi. ( notice Annie ) hello , hal. 67 Annie hi there . meredith hallie , this be my assistant , Richard . Richard , this be Nick 's daughter , the one I have be tell you so much about . richard ( stuffy british accent ) oh , hello . how be you , love ? Annie ( with she best british accent ) oh , do not tell I you be british ? how lovely . nick ( surprised , to Annie ) how would you do that ? richard you do a absolutely marvelous british accent . Annie your be not bad either , old chap - , Richard laugh . merediith ( whisper to Nick ) do you tell she ? nick almost . meredith hey , if you be free later , why do not we all have lunch on the terrace ? nick actually , I promise hal we would hang out together this afternoon . Annie smile . meredith no problem . ( start off ) I have get plenty to do ... I be work on a new label design , nicky ... feature y- 0 -u . you be gonna love it . 68 . ( throw a kiss ) see you for dinner , darling . bye , hal . tracking angle - meredith and ric as they walk away . meredith ( sotto , to Richard ) first change I make in that household be to send that two - face little brat off to board school in timbuktu . richard ( a exaggerated shiver ) oooooooo . Ice woman . meredith and proud of it , babe . ext . hilltop - 0 verlooking napa valley - a little later a beat and Nick and Annie gallop on horseback over the crest of the mountain . as they slow they horse to a walk . nick so , you excited about we camp trip ? Annie what camp trip ? nick what camp trip ? the one we go on every summer before you go back to school . Annie oh , that camp trip . yeah , sure ... I can not wait . nick so , hal , what do you think of meredith ? Annie as what , dad ? you publicist ? you friend ? you ... ? nick -- just what do you think of she ... as a person ? Annie well , she 's cute , she have nice hair , good tooth , she can spell the word you ... I ( more ) king napa valley - a little later 69 . Annie ( cont would ) do not know . honestly , dad , the woman 's a complete stranger to I . why do you want my opinion anyway ? nick ( take a beat ) well , I will tell you why ... because believe it or not , honey ... Annie ( cut he off ) -- Race you back to the ranch , dad ! Annie jam she heel into sprout 's flank and the horse take off like a bat out of hell . nick hallie , I be try to tell you something ! ext . house - moment later out of breath , Annie run up the porch step and throw open the screen door . int . live room Annie stop , catch she breath . she 's a little panicky . Annie ( to herself ) I be in so over my head here . I can not handle this alone . I just can not . I be only one kid . chessy peek her h m around the corner of the arm chair she 's be sit in . chessy you get something you would like to share with the class ? Annie ( jump , : frighten ) oh , chessy , you give I a fright ! chessy I give you a fright ? Annie you scared I . I do not know you be like , in here . 7 0 . chessy ( rise ) you sure there 's nothing you want to talk to I about ? like maybe why sammy never come near you anymore or why you appetite 's suddenly change or why all of a sudden you be neat as a pin and use expression like , ' you give I a fright . , Annie ' chessy , I change a lot over the summer , that 's all . chessy if I do not know better , I would say it 's almost as if you be ... ( shake it off ) oh , never mind , that 's too impossible . ( turn to leave ) Annie -- almost as if I be chessy ? chessy nobody . nobody . forget I even mention it . Annie almost as if I be ... Annie ? chessy stop , stunne , goose - bump pop up all over . chessy you know about Annie ? Annie I am Annie . just then , Nick enter , also a little out of breath . nick -- why would you take off like that ? I tell you I want - to talk to you about something ? chessy , why be you look at she like that ? chessy ( with a start ) like what ? I be not look at she any special way . ( eye tear up ) I be look at she just like I have look at she for eleven year . since the day she ( more ) 71 . chessy ( cont would ) come home from the hospital , six pound , eleven ounce , twenty - one inch long . ( cry now ) this be how I look at she . can I hug she ? chessy , all break up , hug Annie like she 's hugging she for the first time . chessy she 's so beautiful and so big . Annie give chessy a look that say , ' please do not say anything ! chessy I be gonna go make you something special to eat . what would you like ? oh , it do not matter . I will whip up everything we have get . chessy take off as Nick approach Annie . nick why 's everybody act so nutty around here ? hal , we gotta talk . Annie okay . shoot. nick honey , look ... I want to know what you think about make meredith part of the family ? Annie part of we family ? nick yes . Annie I think it 's a awesome idea . inspire . brilliant really . nick you do ? Annie totally . it 's like a dream come true . I have always want a big sister . nick honey , I be afraid you be kind of miss the point . 72 . Annie no , I be not . you be go to adopt meredith . that be so sweet , dad .. nick I be not go to adopt she , I be go to marry she . Annie ( leaping up ) marry she ?!? that 's insane ! how can you marry a woman young enough to be my big sister ?!? she start ranting and rave , then slip into french . nick hal , calm down . ( realize ) now you speak french ?!? Annie I learn it at camp . ( take a breath ) okay , I be sorry . let 's discuss this calmly and rationally ... nick and in English , if you do not mind . man , what have get into you ? Annie nothing . it 's nothing ... just ... just ... ( let it all out ) dad , you can not get marry ! it will totally ruin completely everything !!! Annie storm out . Nick notice chessy stand in the doorway , bite she nail . chessy do not look at I , I know nothing . a horn honk o.s. Nick look out the window and sees meredith get out of she red mercede convertible . Nick sink into a chair , as , he hear hallie 's door slam upstairs . nick maybe I be too old for this . meredith sweep into the room , wear sunglass . 7 3 meredith ( to Nick ) hi , doll . she sit on Nick 's lap , wrap she arm around he . kiss he . kiss he again . meredith ( run she finger through he hair ) you look stress , baby . how about a martini ? nick how about a double ? meredith snap open she purse and take out a Tiffany box . she remove a small silver bell which she hold up and ring . merediith chessy ? she ring it again . Nick give she a curious look . merediith do not you love it ? it 's just what we need . it 's such a big house . - she ring again . chessy appear , not too wild about the bell . . chessy you ring ? meredith two martinis , please . and make Mr. parker 's a double . chessy just stand there . nick please , chess . I be get a migraine ... chessy hold she shirt - tail out as if they be a skirt and curtsey . ( watch she leave ) I do not ) mow if a uniform will make she look better or worse . nick ( rub he temple ) I tell hallie . 74 . meredith you do ? and ? nick she go ballistic . start yell in french , which I do not even know she speak , I just do not get she lately ... merediith nicky , this reaction be totally classic . it 's ' daddy 's get remarried - 101 ' . I would worry if she do not react this way . look , why do not I talk to she ... woman to woman . nick she 's a little sensitive about you right now . merediith ( kiss he ) - that 's why I need to do it . we have get to break the ice sometime . ( unbutton Nick 's shirt button ) wear you shirt like this ... I like when I can see a little chest hair . int . hallie' room - moment later hallie sit on she deck , foot propped - up on the bannister , shuffle a deck of card . meredith appear behind she , knock on the open door . meredith knock-knock . ( Annie turn ) can I join you ? Annie ( shrug ) sure . meredith guess the news of the engagement come as a bit of a shock , huh ? Annie basically . meredith you know , I remember what it be like to be eleven . I have my first beau at eleven . it 's a wonderful age . you be start to feel like a woman and believe it or not soon you will understand what it 's like to be in love . Annie I ? I do not think so . I do not even have my twelve year - old molar yet . meredith well , take it from someone who get they molar very early in life ... be in love be a fantastic mystery that take a man and woman on a magical journey to a place ... Annie -- I do not mean to be jerky when you be try to be all mushy and everything but I think I know what mystery my dad see in you . meredith you do ? Annie you be young and beautiful and sexy and hey , the guy 's only human . but if you ask I , marriage be suppose to be base on something more than just sex , right ? ith Boy , you father underestimate you . Annie but you will not , will you , meredith ? they study each other carefully . meredith so what if I be young and beautiful ? that 's not a crime , you know . and for you information , I adore you father . he 's exactly - the kind of man I always plan on marrying . this be the real deal , honey and nothing you do be go to come between as . the reality be , angel , you be no longer the only girl in Nick parker 's life . get over it . Annie . if this be the real deal , then my dad 's money have nothing do with you want to marry he , right ? ' 7 6 meredith I hope you be not suggest I be marrying you father for he money . Annie all I know be , I have see cinderella a few zillion time and I would rather not end up scrubbing the floor and befriend all the bird in the neighborhood while you be have breakfast in bed ... if you get my drift ? , meredith you be unbelievably out of line , young lady . ( rise ) now you listen and listen good . I be marrying you father in two week whether you like it or not . so I suggest you do not tangle with I anymore . you be in way over your-head . be that clear ? Annie Crystal . close angle - a ringing fax machine as a fax slither out . a hand reach for the fax . angle back - to see Martin , stand in elizabeth' kitchen in london . he look at the fax quizzically , then carry it into : the dine room where hallie be eat dinner with she mother and grandfather . Martin refill the adult ' wine glass , hold the fax behind he back as he pour . elizabeth this be fantastic wine by the way Martin . hallie May I have a-sip ? elizabeth ( offer she a sip ) I do not think you be go like it . hallie swirl the wine confidently , pass it under she nose , then take a healthy sip . 77 . hallie if you ask I , the bouquet be a little too robust for a merlot . but then again , I be partial to the softer California grape . Elizabeth and grandfather laugh , as Martin move next to hallie , hold the fax behind he back . hallie cock she head to read it . close - the fax it 's a draw of sammy , hallie 's dog , lay on the front porch of hallie 's house . a cartoon bubble come out of he mouth say 911 ! hallie bend over so far to read the fax she fall off her chair and right out of frame . elizabeth honey , be you okay ? hallie have one sip too many , I guess . ( get up ) you know , mother , I feel like I could use a bit of fresh air . would it be okay if I step outside for a moment ? elizabeth of course . be you okay ? would you like I to come with you ? hallie no , no . I will be fine ... just get a touch woozy , that 's all . hallie wipe she mouth with she napkin and excuse herself . her grandfather watch she closely as she exit . ext . shepherd market - london - early no hallie hurry down the picturesque street , turn a corner , spot a phone and rush to it . she pull the door close and dial the Operator . hallie yes , I would like to make a collect - call to California , please . Area code 707 ... 78 . int . hallie' room napa - same time Annie pace , bite she nail for real now . the phone ring . she pounce on it in mid-re . Annie hello ? yes , I will accept the charge . hallie , thank goodness you get my fax . I be absolutely desperate . hallie ( o.s. ) what 's up ? why the 911 ? intercut Annie and hallie Annie dad 's get marry . hallie ( laugh ) whaddya mean , get marry ? Annie I mean black tie , white gown , the whole enchilada . the wedding 's in two week so , if there 's any hope of get Mom and dad back together , we have get to do it fast . outside the phone Booth , a man read the evening paper , wait to use the-phone . hallie okay , Mom and I be go to the theatre tonight so I will drop the bomb on she first thing in the morning . Annie give Mom a kiss for I , willya . and grandfather , too . and hallie , hurry . ext . phone booth hallie hang up and step out of the booth , bumping into the man who 's be wait . hallie oh , excuse I . the man turn around . it 's hallie 's grandfather . 79 . hallie uh-oh ... grandfather what do you say you and I take a little stroll in the park , young lady . hallie bite she locket as she grandfather lead she into the park . ext . James town house - establishing - morning int . elizabeth' bedroom - same time Elizabeth sit up in bed , in white satin pajamas , finish a cup of coffee and a phone call to Paris . she sketches a wedding gown on a pad as she talk . elizabeth ( in french ) au , Mademoiselle . I will have the sketch to you by tomorrow . I look forward to hearing from you . thank you . au revoir . hallie appear in the doorway , listen to she mother talk on the phone . grandfather walk by and give hallie a little nudge , push she into the room . elizabeth hi , sweetie . come on in . Elizabeth pat the bed . hallie cross and climb in next to she mother . elizabeth ( with she arm around hallie ) I have to finish this sketch and fed ex it to Paris , then how about you and I go out to lunch and spend the rest of the day get lose in harrod ? hallie ( nervously ) I can not . Mom , sorry , I have to go out of town today . ' elizabeth you have to go out of town ? ( think she 's kid ) and where may I ask be you go ? hallie squirm under the cover , entirely disappear . 8 0 elizabeth Annie ? hallie' voice ( from under the cover ) that 's where I have to go . I have to go see Annie . elizabeth ( play along ) I see . and where would Annie be ? hallie 's shape squirm further under the cover . hallibis voice in Napa with she father , Nick parker . close - elizabeth as it hit she . her eye widen . she look up to see her father lean in the door frame , puffing on he pipe . he nod . Elizabeth 's eye instantly fill with tear . she lift the cover to see hallie , hide , scared to death . elizabeth you be not Annie ? hallie that would be correct . elizabeth you be hallie ... hallie I be . ( crawl out from under cover , then with she american accent ) Annie and I meet at camp and we decide to switch place . I be sorry , but I would never see you and I would dreamt of meeting you my whole life and Annie feel the exact same way about dad , so we just sorta switch life . I hope you - be not mad because I love you so much and I just hope one day you can love I as I and not as Annie . elizabeth oh , honey , I have love you you whole life . she take hallie in she arm . 81 . elizabeth why do not you tell I it be you all along ? hallie ( through teary eye ) I be scared . angle - doorway where Martin stand , bawling hysterically . grandfather gently step in and shut Elizabeth 's door . Martin fall into grandfather 's arm , heaving . martin I have never be so happy in my entire life . grandfather pat he gently . int . elizabethis room same time hallie and Elizabeth break from they hug . Elizabeth wipe she tear . hallie I guess you have to switch we back now , huh ? elizabeth legally , you belong to you father and Annie belong to I . hallie ' his ' and ' hers , kid . no offense , Mom , but this arrangement really suck . elizabeth I agree , it totally suck . I do not want to lose you now that we have be together . hallie well , then I guess we will just have to fly to Napa , see Annie and dad and work this whole thing out . elizabeth I guess we will . hallie will you be nervous about see dad again ? elizabeth no , of course not . ( as if it 's preposterous ) 82 . elizabeth ( cont would ) I can handle see Nick parker after all this year . people see they ex 's all the time , do not they ? not to worry , sweetheart . I will take care of everything . not-to-worry . int . elizabethis bedroom - the following day Elizabeth be a mess . she wear a silk blouse over a slip and a few velcro roller just on top of she head . she chain smoke as she pace . open luggage be laid out on the bed behind she . Martin enter carry freshly press clothes . elizabeth I be sorry , I can not handle this ' . I have not see or hear from Nick parker in over eleven year and suddenly I be fly halfway across the world to ... I be not mature enough for this . if the man do not make I so nut , I would still be marry to he . ( pull out roller ) we come up with this - arrangement so we would never have to see each other again . ( put on sunglass ) look at I , Martin , have you ever see I like this ? do not answer that . ( pace ) what if he do not recognize I ? be honest , Martin , how old do I look ? no , do not answer that either . hey , what be I worried about ? he could be fat or bald . or both . martin actually , hallie say she dad 's quite the hunk . and never re-marry , either . just like you , mar 'am . elizabeth Martin , it just so happen I be not remarry by choice . I have have my opportunity for llamour . not lately , of course . but I have have my share of gentleman caller . martin not lately . elizabeth I just say that ! hallie say he be a hunk , huh ? he be rather dash . he use to make I weak in the knee , if you can imagine that . ( look in the mirror ) be that a grey hair ?! she yank the hair out as hallie enter carry a overnight bag . hallie all set , mom. elizabeth ( suddenly compose ) good . I too . almost . not quite . hallie Mom , you suitcase be totally empty . elizabeth oh. right. sorry . do you speak to you father , dear ? Martin look at hallie . she lock eye with he for a instant , then turn to she Mom . hallie uh , yeah , I just hang up with he , actually . he say he 's really anxious to see you . elizabeth he do ? anxious -nervous , like he 's dread it or anxious - excited like he 's look forward to it ? hallie anxious -excite , definitely . again , Martin squint at hallie , just know she 's lie . but hallie roll on ... hallie he say he will meet we tomorrow at noon at the four season in San Francisco . elizabeth tomorrow ? my , my that 's incredibly soon , be not it ? well , honey , why do not you run downstairs and gather we ticket from you grandfather while I finish up here ? hallie start out , Martin follow . 84 martin ( sotto , to hallie ) liar , liar , pants on fire ... elizabeth oh , Martin , could you come back for a moment , please ? hallie raise she finger to she lip to ' ssshhh " Martin , as he re-enters Elizabeth 's room . elizabeth Martin , I have a really ridiculous , somewhat childish request to make . Martin , you know you be more than a butler to I . you be like a lovable brother who just happen to wait on we and ... ( Martin nod modestly ) anyway , I be wonder if ... martin -- I would accompany you to make the trip a bit easier for you ? elizabeth would you , Martin ? I would be forever grateful . and you do not even have to go as we butler . just as a friend . martin Madame , I would be honore . and as a friend , may I say ... ( reach into she closet ) -- if I be see my ex after eleven year and I have you leg ... ( pull out a little red dress ) I would wear this baby . you will kill in it . ext . elizabeth' tom house - that afternoon a limousine wait at the curb . Martin , in a black leather jacket and shade , hand the luggage off to the limo Driver . Elizabeth hug she Father good - bye . then , it 's hallie 's turn . she throw she @ around she grandfather . hallie bye , pop. grandfather bye , hal . 8 5 hallie you be come to Napa for Thanksgiving , right ? grandfather I would not miss it for the world . hallie rise up on she tiptoe and kiss she grandfather good - bye . grandfather ( as she run off ) say hello to you Father for I ! hallie ( wave as she get in limo ) I will ! dissolve to : ext . golden gate bridge - establishing - day ext . the four season - san francisco - day a clock above the hotel 's entrance click to twelve noon . int . HOTEL lobby - day meredith walk across the lobby with she parent , a stun couple in they early fifty . we can see where she get she look and confidence . meredith ( check she watch ) okay , they will be here any minute ... be nice , daddy . he 's everything you ever want for you little girl ... plus million more . mr. blake then you know I will be nice . meredith ( laugh ) okay , there he be ... ( she face drop ) -- with the whole motley crew . angle the front entrance Nick , Annie , chessy and sammy enter the lobby . meredith rush to greet they , kissing Nick . 8 6 meredith hi , darling ... ( then , nod to the other ) hallie , chessy ... and sammy , what in the world be you do here ? ( to Nick ) honey , a dog in the four season ? nick hal begge I to bring he . meredith and naturally you say ' yes ' . sammy snap at meredith . chessy ( sotto , pat sammy ) good doggy . ( then ) meredith , this the folk ..? meredith yes ! Mom ... dad ... finally , you all meet . ( link arm with Nick ) this be my fiance and the love of my life , Nick parker and this be he adorable daughter hallie who we can all thank for bring we together this weekend ... this entire get together be she idea I will have you know ... mr. blake well , how be you young lady , I have hear nothing but wonderful thing about you . Nick beam . ext . four season HOTEL - samf . time a taxi pull up and Martin and hallie step out . Martin then reach in the backseat and help Elizabeth out . she be wear dark sunglass and be more than a little tipsy . she take a small airplane - size vodka bottle from she purse and polish it off , toss it over she shoulder . Martin catch it before it crash to the ground . as hallie and Martin guide Elizabeth up the step to the hotel ... ' elizabeth that be a great flight , be not it ? so quick . 87 . ma.rtin I never see you so ... thirsty , before , mar 'am . elizabeth -- you mean you never see I drink so much vodka before ! guess what ? I have get news for you , marty old chap ... never taste the stuff before . not once . martin could have fool I , mar 'am . elizabeth ( to doorman ) hello , doorman . oh , you scared I , I think you be real for a minute .. hallie ( to herself ) I be in such major trouble here . int . HOTEL lobby Martin and hallie lead Elizabeth through the lobby and deposit she at the Front desk . miraculously , Nick and meredith be nowhere in sight . Elizabeth ring the bell a zillion time . - hallie stop she by place she hand over the bell . hallie Mom , you gonna be okay ? elizabeth absolutely . never feel better in my life . but darling , tell I ' cause I be a bit confuse ... have we land yet ? with that comment , hallie lie she head down on the counter . whip across the lobby where meredith , she folk , Nick , chessy , Annie and sammy exit a dining room . meredith -- I be just say , I know it 's short notice , , but if they can do it , I think it would be a brilliant room for the wedding ... not too big , not too cramped ... not that I do not like the idea of get marry at the house ... I do but this could be ... amazing ... camera whip back across the lobby as hallie lead Elizabeth away from the front desk and toward a bank of elevator . Elizabeth try to hitch a ride on a pass luggage cart . Martin peel she off . on the other side of the lobby sammy sniff like a hound Dog on the hunt , pull Annie away from Nick , meredith and meredith 's folk . Annie hold onto sammy 's leash while at the same time , hold chessy 's hand . they be drag across the lobby as they other stay behind . meredith I have already check we in , so why do not we go up to the room , freshen up , then meet for lunch ? mr. blake sound good , I be starve . meet you back here in ten . meredith ( kiss she dad on the cheek ) perf. ( then , lean on Nick ) sweetheart , want to check out the honeymoon suite while we be here ? I bet it 's to die for . at the same time - elizabeth , hallie and martin step into a OPEN elevator . as the door be about to close ... elizabeth oh , jeez ... she stick out she band and the door pop back OPEN . elizabeth -- forget my purse . she rush out of the elevator and cross back toward the Front desk just as ... sniff he way toward hallie' OPEN elevator . sammy look up , see he favorite girl ! hallie ( from the elevator ) sammy ! hallie and Annie lock eye as sammy bolt from Annie and leap into the elevator , paw up on hallie , lick she face . at the front desk - elizabeth grab her purse and head back to the elevator where she join Annie , put she arm around she . Annie Mom ! chessy 's eye widen , she do a immediate about - face so as not - to be see . elizabeth honey , you do not have to wait for I , I could have find the room by myself . besides ... ( whisper ) I have get to make a pit stop . vodka make you have to go like crazy ... go on , thweetie , I will meet you upstairs ... ( chessy sneak a peek at she ) I mean , upthstair ... uppth ... upppthst ... I will meet thyou up ... thstair ! ( exit , then turn back ) I like that jacket by the way . be you wear that the whole time on the plane ? Elizabeth turn back and just miss collide with a bellhop carry a huge bouquet of flowers . Annie slap she forehead . Annie ( to chessy ) she 's drunk . she 's never have more than one glass of wine in she entire life and she choose today to show up zonk . chessy ( lead she into a elevator ) ' just do what the woman say and meet she upthstair . chessy and Annie get into a wait elevator , it 's door close and they be go . a beat later Nick and meredith stroll up to the same elevator . meredith nibble on Nick 's ear as a elevator arrive . they step inside the elevator . meredith alone at last . meredith fold she arm around Nick 's neck . at that very moment , Nick spot : elizabeth - stand directly in front of he Nick blink , unable to believe he eye . Elizabeth smile and give he a little wave . ' Nick 's eye widen as meredith , she back to Elizabeth , continue kissing Nick . as the elevator door start to close , Nick lean further and further to he right , try to keep he eye on Elizabeth . he lean , he lean ... but the door close . he stand there stunne , eye wide open . int . HOTEL corridor - moment later Elizabeth barrel down the hallway , focus and furious . elizabeth hallie parker ! simultaneously , 7wo door OPEN across the hall from each other . hallie stand in one doorway , Annie in the other . elizabeth ( cont have ) do not do this to I , I be already see double ! which one of you be hallie ? ( hallie raise she hand ) okay , now ... ( then , soften at the sight of Annie ) oh , honey ... hi ... Annie hi , mom. Elizabeth cross to Annie and hug she . elizabeth you look beautiful . so tan and healthy ... ( kiss she , then , remember ) okay you two :.. how could you do this to I ? chessy ( arrive behind Annie ) . may I suggest we take this little pow - wow inside . ( to Elizabeth ) hi , you probably do not remember I ... elizabeth ( warmly ) chessy ! chessy I know I always like you . int . HOTEL suite - moment later the Girls sit side - by-side . elizabeth let I put this as sucthinkinctly as possible . you ... ( point to hallie ) I mean , ( point to Annie ) -- one of you tell I you father know I be arrive here today ... and I be here to tell you the man I just see in the elevator have absolutely no idea he and I be on the same planet , let alone in the same hotel . Annie you see dad already ? elizabeth yeth . and it be completely and utterly humiliate . I gotta lie down ... ( flop down on sofa , rest she head on a pillow ) the man go completely ashen . like I be the bloody ghost of Christmas past . ( rub she head ) can one of you get I something cold for my head ? ( the Girls cross to the bar ) do not you think I have ponder what it be go to be - , like to see you father again after all this year ? ( the Girls exchange a look ) well , let I tell you , I wave like a mindless idiot while Nick parker be wrap in another woman 's arm be not exactly the scenario I have in mind . no sireee ... ( the Girls arrive with a wet washcloth and a glass of water ) thank you . ( she place the wash cloth on ( more ) 92 . elizabeth ( cont would ) she forehead , shut she eye ) and furthermore and much worse , be the fact that I have be lie to by my own child and I would like to know why . on that note , Martin pass through the room wear only a speedo bathing suit . Elizabeth crack open a eye , sit up . elizabeth Martin ! what be you do ? martin go for a swim . do you mind ? elizabeth no , no , that 's perfectly perfect . by all mean , yes , have fun ... someone ought to . just put on a shirt ... my God ... she lie down again as chessy enter from a adjoin room with sammy . she stop when she see Martin . chessy oh ... Hell - o. martin hello , hello ... there seem to be something in the air between they . elizabeth oh , chessy , this be we butler , Martin . chessy ( plainly interested , extend she hand ) how do you do ? ( indicate hallie ) I be she butler . martin ( gallantly kissing she hand ) enchante , mademoiselle . chessy gee , the pleasure 's all mine , monsieur . the Girls can not believe it and suppress they giggle . elizabeth Girls ! you be go to tell I why you lie and bring I here without tell you father !?! 93 chessy be they ? 0 - kay , that 's good . ( start tip -toe out ) well , then why do not I just slip back into my room and check out the ol ' mini bar ... martin ( try to escape ) allow I to assist you ... elizabeth ( sit straight up ) wait ! you mean everyone know but I ?!? what 's go on here ? everyone freeze . Annie Mom ... daddy 's get marry . elizabeth oh . I see ... get marry ... Annie -- to cruella de ville . she 's awful , Mom ... we can not let he go through with it . elizabeth Girls , you father 's a grow man and quite capable of decide whom he wish to marry .. hallie but she 's all wrong for he . and the only way he will not marry she be ... ( to Annie ) you tell she , she ) know you better . Annie be if he see you again . elizabeth ( piece - it together ) you be try to fix I up with you father . hallie why not ? you be perfect for each other . Annie a match make in heaven . by now , chessy and Martin have reach the door . 9 4 elizabeth hold it ! you two know about this ? martin and chessy ( turn , ad jibbing at the same time ) no. not exactly . we try to reason with they . what could we do ? they make we do it . we be the hire help . do not fire we . it be a mistake . elizabeth ( rise unsteadily ) okay , let I say this loud and clear . Nick parker and I have nothing in common ... anymore . plus , in case you have not notice , he seem extremely content with he leggy , long haire , tight - skirt fiance . I want the two of you to explain to you father that I be here for one purpose only and that 's to switch you two back . now , let 's do what we have to do and be do with it . understood ? close angle - meredith in the suite next door . meredith no . I do not understand . Nick nervously run he finger through he hair and straighten he clothes as he try to get out the door . nick I just need to go downstairs for a few minute to c-c-clear my head ... then I will meet you for lunch . meredith clear you head ? what do you have to clear you head about ? be something wrong ? ' nick I hope not . I mean ... no . what could be wrong ? we be get marry in ten day , everything 's perfect . ( then , quickly ) I gotta go . ' he quickly kiss she on the cheek , open the door . 95 . meredith we be still go ring shopping after lunch , right ? nick Ring shopping ? meredith nicky ! nick of course ! for the funeral . I mean , for the wedding . meredith the funeral ?!? nick I be kid . ( laugh ) do not listen to I . I will see you there . I mean , here . downstair . he slip out the door , hurry down the corridor and bump right into Annie . Annie ( as hallie ) hey , dad , what 's up ? nick just run down to the lobby . hey , hal , do I a favor , keep meredith company , willya ? ( rush off ) thanks , kiddo . ( turn back ) do I look alright ? like presentable and everything ? not too old ? Annie you look fab , dad . Young and fabulous . lobby - moment later Nick rush off the elevator , look around for Elizabeth . lie turn a corner and bump into the real hallie , who have not see she dad all summer . hallie dad ! 9 6 nick I think you be go to keep meredith company ? hallie I be ? ' I mean , I be . yeah . I be actually just look for she . ( then ) it 's great to see you , dad . she can not help herself and give she dad a quick hug . nick it 's great to see you too , squirt . ( pat she on the tush ) now go on , get up there . Nick head off in one direction as camera track hallie back to the elevator . a elevator ping and meredith step out , check herself in a compact . she snap the lid shut when she see hallie ( who have never laid eye 's on meredith ) . meredith have you see you father ? hallie you talkin ' to I ? ith what be you , Robert deniro ? yes , I be talk to you . hallie ( realize ) oh ! meredith ... uh , yeah , I just see he ... meredith ( straighten out she suit ) well , hel - lo ? where be he ? hallie oh , he go ; thataway , I think . ( size she up ) meredith what be you stare at ? hallie oh , nothing . you really be pretty ... - that 's all . 97 . meredith do not tell I you be go to break you rotten streak and suddenly be nice to I ? ( start off ) if you see you father , tell he I be wait . mulie ( to herself , as meredith exit ) whatever you say , ' cruella . ext . HOTEL corridor Nick duck he head into the HOTEL gift shop , look for Elizabeth . instead , he see Annie buy a candy bar . he do a double - take . nick what be you do ? I think you be gonna ... Annie -- she be not in she room , dad . nick she be not ? oh ... okay ... see you in a little bit , kid . Annie if not sooner , dad . int . HOTEL corridor - moment later Nick walk along the corridor , look through a bank of window and think he see Elizabeth walk through the hotelis garden . he try to get a closer look but get catch in the midst of a group of japanese tourist . Elizabeth notice he and give a little wave . Nick weave through the tourist but when he get to the patio , Elizabeth be go . discourage , he pause , then sees hallie sit in a large wicker chair , under a palm tree , sip a fruit cocktail he jump , surprised . hallie lookin , for somebody , dad ? 9 8 . HOTEL bar - mom = S later meredith enter , take a seat at the nearly empty bar . only one other customer sit at the bar - Elizabeth . meredith sit one stool away from she . the bartender deliver a red concoction to Elizabeth , who hold a glass of ice to she head . bartender here you go . this will cure anything you get . just do not ask what 's in it . elizabeth ( hesitates ) okay ... here 's to ..' ( turn to meredith , not recognize she ) here 's to you . May you life be far less complicated than mine . meredith thank you ... Elizabeth toss down the drink and wince at the taste . meredith ( order ) martini , dry and a pack of parliament . Elizabeth belch . elizabeth Excuse I ... ( to meredith ) I apologize . really , I be so ... ( belch again ) -- sorry . I think I just drank tar . the bartender hand meredith she drink and Elizabeth she bill . Elizabeth sign she check and meredith sneak a peak at she signature , practically choke on she martini . meredith you be Elizabeth James ? elizabeth guilty . I can not believe it . you be the designer , Elizabeth James ? 9 9 elizabeth still guilty . meredith I fax you office just yesterday . I see a wedding dress you design and fall completely in love with it . you office say you be out of town and they do not know if you could make another one . I can not believe it . this be fate . ( move to ' seat next to she , extend she hand ) I be meredith blake . elizabeth ( shaking she hand ) how do you do ? meanwhile - at the pool Nick step into the sunlight , still search for Elizabeth . he see a woman resembling Elizabeth sit under a large straw hat . he cross to she , take a quick peek , realize it 's not she and smile a apology to the Lady and she bodybuilder husband . he back into a umbrella as meredith 's Parents join he . mr. blake there you be ! we have be look all over for you ! mm. blake Nicholas , I think this hotel be perfect for the wedding ... the more I see of it , the more I like it . nick ( still look around ) I too . absolutely . Nick glance across the pool and spot Elizabeth arrive , talk on a cell phone . she wave shyly at Nick , slip on sunglass . mm. blake tell I , dear , how many guest will there be from you side of the family ? just a guesstimate ? nick ( stare across at Elizabeth ) I be not sure at the moment ... can I get back to you on that one ? I 0 0 mrs . blake of course , and be we think formal attire or ... a small contingent pass in front of Elizabeth , block she from Nick 's view . not want to lose she , Nick dart around a towel Boy , side - step a couple of toddler , then trip over a rubber duck . chessy ( lie on a chaise next to Martin , look up ) boss , you okay ? Nick glance over at she , get tangle up in sammy 's leash and almost crash right into Annie . Annie dad ! watch out ! too late ! Annie and sammy jump out of the way as Nick splashes head first into the deep end of the-pool . elizabeth turn and sees Nick pull himself out of the pool and come toward she , soaking wet , cheek bleed , not look terribly happy . elizabeth Nick , hello ... Long time no see ... ( back up ) please try not to go crazy ... nick a little late for that advice . what be go on ? I have not see or hear from you in eleven year and suddenly you be pop up everywhere I look and naturally on the day I be -- Annie appear at she mother 's side . Annie -- dad , I can explain why she 's here . nick hallie , you know who this be ? Annie actually , yes . and actually I be not hallie . hallie appear on Elizabeth 's other side . 10 1 hallie actually , I be . Nick look from Annie to hallie , back to Annie , then to Elizabeth . she 's nod . he 's speechless . nick both of they ? Annie ... hallie ... Annie I guess you and Mom sort of think alike , cause you both send we to the same camp . we meet and the whole thing kind of just spill out . elizabeth they decide to switch place on we , Nick . nick wait a minute . you mean I have have Annie all this time5 Annie ( nod ) I want to know what you be like and hallie want to know Mom . be you angry ? it take a moment to sink in , then Nick take Annie in he arm . nick honey , of course not . it 's just ... I can not believe it 's you . the last time I see you ... you have diaper rash . look at you ... Annie well , I be quite grow up now and quite without a father . hallie and I be head into my crazy mix ' - up teenage year and I will be the only girl I know without a mother to fight with . nick ( still try to put it together ) hal , you have be in London all this time ? ( hallie nod ) come here . he pull she to he .. I 0 2 hallie Mom 's amazing , dad ... I do not know how you ever let she go . elizabeth Girls , why do not you let you father and I talk for a couple of minute , okay ? the Girls take off . Nick grab a towel ... dry he hair . nick oh , man , I can not believe this . see they together ... and you ... and ... ( a beat ) how be you , lizzie or do everyone call you Elizabeth now ? elizabeth no , no , lizzie 's fine . my dad still call I lizzie . I have be terrific . how ' bout you ? nick well , I have have better day . ( touch he cheek ) ouch ! elizabeth let I help you with that ? ( to pass towel Boy ) Excuse I , do you have a first - Aid kit ? towel boy sure . elizabeth okay , lie down ... Nick lie on a chaise as the towel Boy return with a first Aid kit . Elizabeth sit beside Nick , tend to he cut . nick ( look up at she ) how be you dad , still sneaking that stogy ? elizabeth every day . they exchange a smile . nick I can not believe it , you have not change at all ... 103 elizabeth you think maybe I would be fat and grey ? nick well , not grey ... ( then ) ouch ! ith be voice -- finally ! there you be ! Nick and Elizabeth turn , look close enough to be kissing . meredith be take aback . meredith ( throw by see they together ) oh. you have meet Elizabeth . good. honey , Elizabeth 's go to make my ... wedding gown ... but , I do not understand ... how do you two meet and why be you so wet ? nick I be not pay attention and I ... ( turn to Elizabeth ) you be make my fiance 's wedding gown ? elizabeth Nick , I do not know she be y our fiance ... nick ( confuse ) how do we meet ? how do you two meet ? meredith be I miss something here ? nick sweetheart , you know what ? this be one all world ... meredith how small ? just then , Annie arrive . ai * Ie oh , hi , mer. ith hello . 10 4 hallie ( join Annie ) how ya doin ' ? meredith scream at see double . nick honey , do I ever mention hallie be a twin ? meredith no , as a matter of fact , you do not . two of they ?!? how fabulous . hallie do not feel bad , mer , he never mention it to I , either . imagine my surprise . by the way , I be the real hallie . this be Annie . she be just pretend to be I while I be in London pretend to be she . and this be we Mom , Elizabeth James . by the way dad , I want to change my name to hallie James - parker . meredith this be you mother ? girl yes. meredith ( to Elizabeth ) you be marry to Nick ? elizabeth guilty again . meredith well , this be a small world . nick and get smaller . ith and what a coincidence that we be all here on the same exact weekend . elizabeth it 's not exactly a coincidence . the child arrange it so they father and I could work out they custody situation . the Girls smile . I 0 5 meredith the child arrange it ? oh. how sweet . int . tiffany - that afternoon close on a jewelry case fill with diamond engagement ring . camera tilt up to find Nick and meredith , browsing in Tiffany . meredith I be sorry , I just do not see why you have to have dinner with you ex - wife with she little ' Mary poppin 's accent . why could not you just meet she in the lobby , discuss the custody , shake hand and say good - bye ? I will tell you why - because you daughter do not want I to marry you . nick that 's not true . meredith ( to saleswoman ) can we have some help over here , please ? ( then ) it 's totally true . they see I as the , evil step -mother . , trust I , I be not be paranoid . that girl have something up they sleeve ... ( without miss a beat , to saleswoman ) can I try on the emerald cut please ? no , the bigger one ... the biggest one . nick honey , calm down . the girl have never have a meal with both they parent in they entire life . how could I say no ? meredith ( lighten up as she slip on the ring ) I tell you to let I represent you on all you negotiation , do not I ? ( show , he the ring ) this be incredible . what do you think ? nick I think I have to get dress for dinner . meredith ( whine ) nicky ... I 0 6 nick if you love it . I love it . meredith ( throw she arm around he ) I love it . ext . four season HOTEL - that night Nick and hallie exit , both dress to the nine . a limo wait by the curb . nick hal , I have have enough surprise for one day ... just tell I where we be go ... hallie you be gonna love it , dad , trust I . just then , Elizabeth and Annie step out of the hotel . Elizabeth be wear the red dress Martin recommend . Nick try not to admire she too openly . nick hey ... hi. elizabeth hi . so do you know where they be take we ? nick she will not crack . Annie ( as they cross to limo , hand they eye shade ) okay , now put this on . you can take they off when we reach we destination . nick we be go in a limo ? hallie you want one of we to drive ? ( off Nick 's look ) please , indulge we . a dark STREET - night a foghorn sound , as the limo pull to a stop . the Girls hurry out . 107 Annie okay , you can take they off . Nick and Elizabeth exit , take off they blindfold . they eye widen as they look ahead and see : a exquisite 150 foot yacht all light up and bob gently in the sparkling Bay . hallie she 's ours for the night . nick and exactly how be we pay for she ? Annie hallie and I pool we allowance . Nick and Elizabeth look at she doubtfully . Annie okay , grandfather pitch in a bit . ( they continue look at she ) okay , he pitch in a lot . Nick and Elizabeth exchange a quizzical look , as they follow - the Girls down the step to the deck , where a uniform Captain welcome they aboard . hallie okay folk , right this way ... hallie and Annie open a pair of double door : hallie ta da 's and in front of they , they see : a romantic dine room where a candle - light table be set for two . the window reveal the San Francisco Bay , light by the yacht 's twinkle light . nick the table 's only set for two . Annie that 's the other part of the surprise we be not join you . 108 elizabeth you be not ? the Girls smile and shake they head as chessy enter , dress as a ship 's steward , in tropical white . chessy no , but I be . good evening , I be chessy , I will be you server tonight . no wisecrack please . ' at that moment , out step Martin , also dress in ship 's white and carry a bottle of champagne . martin and I be Martin , you sommelier . May I offer you both a taste of the bubbly in hope that you will get a little snicker and will not can this lovely lady and myself for follow the order of two eleven year - old ... chessy Annie , mood music , if you please . Annie push a few button and the light dim . moonlight spill into the room as we hear sade 's smooth oper-ator play over the cabin 's speaker . Annie ( like a hypnotist ) relax ... sail through time ... hallie -- back to yesteryear ... the Girls disappear behind double door , leave Nick and Elizabeth look thoroughly confuse . chessy approach with a tray of hor d'oeuvre . chessy you do not get it , do you ? smooth oper-ator ...' Big hit in 186 ... the year you two meet ... hor d'oeuvre ? elizabeth so , that 's what this be all about . Nick notice a life raft with a homemade sign that say qe2 hang on the wall . 1 09 nick they be recreate the night we meet ... the boat ... the music ... chessy ( point to herself ) the help . ' elizabeth ( a little misty - eye ) it 's incredibly sweet . nick Martin , I think I will have that drink . Martin pour they both champagne , then he and chessy slip away . nick to tell you the truth , I have not be on a boat since the - qe2 . elizabeth neither have 1 . a soft wind blow Elizabeth 's hair . nick ( take with she , lift he glass ) well then , here 's to ... elizabeth ( finish he sentence , lift she glass ) we daughter . nick ( not exactly what he be think , but okay ) to we daughter . through a porthole hallie and Annie sneak a peek , thrilled to see they Parents toast . back to scene nick you know , I always see you in hallie . I always have . something about she eye ... elizabeth that 's funny . I always see you in Annie . something about she smile . a awkward moment , they each sip they champagne . as they glance over at the porthole , the Girls drop out of sight . nick now I know how a goldfish feel . ( be : Girls ) ' they turn out pretty good though , huh ? elizabeth we have be lucky . nick sometime , if we be ever really alone maybe we could talk about ... what happen between we . it all feel a bit hazy to I now ... it end so fast . elizabeth it start so fast . nick now that part I remember perfectly . through another porthole chessy and Martin watch . martin look like thing be heating up nicely . I would say it 's safe to serve the vichyssoise . chessy you ladle , I will serve . they start back toward the galley . it 's tight , they try to pass one another and get momentarily stick , they eye lock , then they squeeze past each other . ( pull himself together ) yes , I will ladle . chessy right . and I will ... martin serve . chessy right . the I ) ining room - same time elizabeth so , you have do incredibly well . you dream of own you own vineyard ... it actually come true . nick hey , how about you , always draw on napkin and corner of newspaper ? now you be this major designer ... pretty impressive . . elizabeth yeah , it 's amazing . we both actually get where we want to go ... nick yep . we do . chessy enter carry two bowl of soup and place they in front of Elizabeth and Nick . nick so , what do we do about the girl ? elizabeth well , I guess now that they have meet , we can not very well keep they apart . I could keep they half the year and you could -- chessy -- guy , they can not go to two school every year . nick I agree . elizabeth okay , I could keep they for a whole year , then you could -- nick -- Liz , this be why we ... ( look at chessy . ) chessy sorry . ignore I . I be go . she back out of the room . 112 nick this be why we come up with the solution we have . elizabeth really ? I think it be because we decide never to see each other again . nick not we lizzie ... elizabeth you know that part 's become a bit hazy for I too over the year . for I too over the year . nick you do not remember the day you pack ? elizabeth no , that day I remember perfectly . do I hurt you when I throw that suitcase ? I have often wonder . nick ( rub he shoulder ) let 's put it this way , I will never pitch for the yankee . ( start he soup , stop ) so how come you never get marry again ? I always figure by now you would be re-marry with a new family ... elizabeth me? no ... no , no ... no ... nick that 's a lot of no 's .. elizabeth that 's because I realize a long time ago marriage be not for I ... a beat of silence . Nick start to eat again , stop . nick you know I may be alone with you again , so ... about the day you pack ... why do you do it ? elizabeth Nick , we be get along so badly , we find out we each have temper , we say 1 13 foolish thing ... so I pack ... get on my first 747 and ... you do not come after I . Dead silence . nick I do not know I be suppose to . elizabeth well , it really do not matter now ... let 's put on a good face for the kid , shall we and get this show on the road ... ( look at she watch ) gosh , I be still on London time , so ... nick ( resign ) okay . yeah . you be right . let 's get the show on the road . Elizabeth start she soup . Nick join she , not a word pass between they . angle - the porthole Annie and hallie watch , crestfallen . ext . four season HOTEL - establishing - following a.m. int . HOTEL lobby - front desk - same time Elizabeth sign she bill , turn to Martin who tip the bellman . elizabeth all set then . where 's Annie ? martin I just call , she 's on she way down . Nick and chessy join they . everyone 's spirit be low . nick okay , so 11.11 uh ... send hallie back to you over Christmas . elizabeth and I will see that Annie spend Easter with you . the elevator open and hallie and Annie step off , dress identically in t-shirt and overall . it 's impossible to tell they apart . I 1 5 nick ( to Annie ) this one 's hallie , I be positive . hallie ( grin at he ) I hope you be right , dad . you would not want to send the wrong kid all the way back to England . Nick look to Elizabeth , he can not be sure . Annie here 's we proposition . we go back to dad 's house , pack we stuff and the four of we leave on the camp trip . elizabeth the four of we !? Annie and when you bring we back , we will tell you who 's hallie and who 's Annie . elizabeth or ... you do as we say and I take one of you back with I to London whether you like or not . CUT to : a 747 soaring into a clear blue sky boom down to ... ext . nick's house - napa - that afternoon as four sleeping bag be toss into the trunk of Nick 's suburban . Nick throw in the final bag as meredith watch , wear a tight suit and sunglass . meredith what be I suppose to do for three day sit home and knit ? Elizabeth exit the house look very out of Africa , carry a backpack . n=ith Excuse I , what be she do here ? 11 6 nick that be the deal - the four of we go together . meredith what be you suddenly , the brady bunch ? this be ridic -- elizabeth -- hi , meredith . ( off she look ) everything okay ? meredith well , no , as a matter of fact , it be not . I do not realize you be go on this little outing and to tell you the truth , I be not so sure I be okay with it . elizabeth I agree . the ex-wife in the next sleep bag be a little weird ... meredith thank you . elizabeth I insist you come with we , really . meredith stop cold . nick Liz ... elizabeth Nick , I mess - up up you entire weekend , it 's the least I can do to pay you back . ext . nickis house - a few minute later Annie and hallie exit-with chessy . as the kid climb into the car , they notice Elizabeth and meredith come out of the house . meredith be now dress in tight black work - out gear . hallie dad , what 's meredith do here ? nick ( get behind the wheel ) you mother invite she . be nice . the Girls look at each other , then to chessy , as meredith smile and climb into the front seat . elizabeth ( close door ) okay . have fun everybody . nick Liz , what be you do ? elizabeth I really think you and meredith need time alone before the big day . Annie Mom ! come on , that 's not the plan . elizabeth honestly , you will have much more fun without I . meredith ( have second thought ) look , if you be not go ... I do not have to go ... trust I , I be not exactly a big nature girl . elizabeth but this will be you chance to really get to know the girl ... start next week , they be half yours . Nick catch Elizabeth 's eye . she blow he a kiss . elizabeth have fun yall ' ! as the car pull off , chessy turn to Elizabeth . chessy I would pay to see that woman climb a mountain . a vista of rugged terrain as far as the eye can see . camera discover hallie and Annie climb a steep hill , wear back - pack and baseball cap . they be follow by meredith , puffing and perspire , dabbing sunscreen , on she nose as she try to keep she balance . Nick bring up the rear . meredith plop down on a rock , try to catch she breath . meredith I be gonna kill my trainer ... he say I be in such great shape ... ( rub she leg ) I can not believe people actually do this for fun . nick ( call ) Girls , hold on , we be stop . hallie ( come back towards they ) again ? dad , at this rate , it will take three day just to get up the mountain . nick meredith be not use to the altitude ... just chill , okay ? behind Nick and meredith , we see Annie slipping large rock into meredith 's prada backpack . meredith somebody hand I my evian ... I can not move . Annie spot a SMALL lizard , grab it and place it on top of meredith 's water bottle . Annie here you go , mer. meredith take the bottle , lift it to she mouth and find herself =-to - eye with the lizard . she scream , toss the evian bottle in the air , lose she balance and slipping off the rock . nick honey , you okay ? Annie ( catch the lizard ) this little guy be on she evian bottle , I guess . ( hold lizard upside down by it 's tail ) he will not hurt you , mer . meredith ( S cream again ) get it away from I ! I hate thing that .crawl . it 's disgusting ... it 's a lizard , it should be a belt . ugh , how can you touch it ? put it down ! Annie okay . Annie walk behind meredith and gently deposit the lizard right on top of meredith 's head . nick why do not I take the lead , you two help meredith . Nick move off . meredith rise , still not know the lizard sit on top of she head . meredith ( to Girls ) sure , you be go to help I ... right over a cliff , you will help I . hallie ( sotto , to Annie ) not a bad idea . see any cliff ? meredith groans as she now lift she much heavier backpack . Annie need a hand ? meredith ( pull away ) not from you , thank you . do not think I can not see right past that angelic face . one more trick from you two and I promise I will make you life miserable from the day I say 11 do ' . get it ? hallie get it , cruella . meredith ( turn ) what would you call I ? hallie nothing . not a thing ... ( sotto ) cruella . ( then , turn back ) oh , mer ... I think there 's something on you head ... the Girls - walk ahead . meredith reach up and feel she hair ... then she hand land on the lizard . she scream a blood - curdling scream and the lizard panic and run down she 12 0 . face and right into her mouth . meredith 's eye bulge , she spit the lizard out , gagging and coughing . Nick and the Girls run back . nick be you okay ?!? what happen ?! Bright red and in SHOCK , meredith stomp she foot and point to Annie and hallie . we can almost see the smoke pour out of she ear . Annie what do we do , dad ? we be with you . ext . trail - a little later meredith walk by herself , bang the button on she cell phone . meredith please work ... hello ? hello ? meredith stop when she sees Annie and hallie bent over examine something on the ground . meredith sneak up behind they and overhear : Annie I do not know they have mountain lion up here . hallie oh yeah , the place be crawl with they . ( wink at Annie ) a old indian guide once show I how to keep they away . ( pick up two stick and hit they together ) just do this and they will never come near you . the Girls pick up stick & , ad move off down the trail , clacf , ing they together . meredith stoops , pick up two stick , clack they together and follow . a crackling camp FIRE that night Nick , the Girls and meredith sit around the campfire . everyone eat trout , except meredith , who sit on a rock , wrap in a blanket , swatting at mosquito and rub lotion on she arm . 12 1 . Annie you sure you do not want some trout , Mom ? be that okay , by the way ? if we start call you Mom ? meredith I think you mother would prefer if you call I meredith and no thank you , I do not eat trout ... for the thousandth time . I will wait until breakfast . what be we have ? nick and the girl trout . nick we always live off the trail up here , it 's part of the experience . meredith ( swatting away ) what 's the other part , be eat to death by mosquito ? ( swat at another mosquito , then look at lotion ) you would think they actually like this stuff . nick what be that you be use ? ( look at the bottle , put some on he hand ) you be go to attract every mosquito on the mountain . this be sugar and water ... where have you get this stuff ? meredith look to the Girls , who busy themselves eat . meredith that 's it . I be take a large sleep pill and go to bed . she pick up she two stick and whack they together as she move off toward she tent . nick sweetheart , what be you do ? meredith I do not want the mountain lion to ... ( realize she 's be have ) -- there be no mountain lion up here , be there ? 122 Nick shake he head . meredith glare at the Girls , drop she stick in the fire , walk to Nick and give he a luscious kiss goodnight , smile at the Girls and march off to she tent . nick I be tell you guy , lay off . this be not she thing , okay ? I be not marrying she because she 's Annie Oakley . Annie who 's Annie Oakley ? nick just cool it . ext . campsite - midnight everything be quiet . a owl hoot in the distance . the Girls sneak out of they tent and tiptoe over to meredith 's tent . int . meredith tent the Girls step inside , see meredith fast asleep on she air mattress . they position themselves at meredith 's head and foot and on the " count of three " , lift she up on she mattress . it be not easy . as they carry she out , meredith - move she arm , brush she hand across hallie 's nose . hallie twitches she nose but keep go . the Girls step out of the tent carry meredith on she mattress . camera track they down a path to the lake -front , where they quietly drag the air mattress into the lake , nod to each other and push she off . hallie ( watch meredith drift away ) sweet dream , mommy dearest . ext . lake - high shot - dawn meredith be sound asleep on she back in the middle of the lake . a bird rest on - she nose . closer angle - meredith she flop a arm into the water . meredith ( in she sleep ) that feel so nice ... 12 3 she gently move she finger in the water , then she eye spring OPEN . she look straight up as the bird flap its wing and fly across she face . meredith sc sit up , realize she 's in the middle of the lake . she sc again , she voice echoing off the mountain . meredith niiiiiick !!!!!! Nick stick he head out of he tent , half -asleep , spot meredith thrashing around , scream , in the middle of the lake . nick what 's she do in the lake ? hallie and Annie peek out of they tent and see meredith splash back to the shore in she soaking wet pajamas . she storm past the campfire , kick the coffee pot into the air and march up to Nick . nick what 's go on ? meredith here 's what 's go on , buddy , the day we say I do " be the day I ship that brat off to Switzerland . get the picture ? it 's I or they . take you pick . nick they . meredith Excuse I ? nick ( spell ) t-h-e -m . get the picture ? ext . nick's house - at sunset Elizabeth sit on a rocker on the front porch , read when she hear Nick and the Girls pull up . she rise to greet they . elizabeth back so soon ? do you have fun ? Annie not exactly . 124 hallie we have be punish through the end of the century . nick start now . go. elizabeth where 's meredith ? hallie we play a couple of harmless trick on she and she kinda freak out a little . nick a little ? ( show Elizabeth the ring ) we break up . elizabeth oh , jeez ... this - be all my fault . if I have not suggest she go ... nick -- tricked she would be more like it . like mother , like daughter ... elizabeth I be really sorry , Nick . Annie we be too , dad ... really . hallie will you forgive we ? nick up to you room ! ( when they be go , he smile ) I gotta remember to thank they one day . elizabeth you be relieved ? nick I think I be . ( not want to talk about it ) I be also starve ... chessy around ? elizabeth she and Martin go off on a picnic around noon ... yesterday . 12 5 ( Nick look up on that one ) hopefully they will be back ... soonish ... nick who would have think my nanny and you butler ... ( then ) so , listen , how ' bout I whip we up something to eat ? elizabeth you know how to cook now ? nick of course , I ) mow how to cook . I can make pasta ... and pasta ... and ... elizabeth pasta sound good . upstair hallway - a few minute later Nick , now clean shaven and wear fresh clothes , pass the girl 's room . Inside , we see hallie and Annie in pajamas , get into bed . hallie wow ! you look so nice , where be you go . nick ( shutting they door ) good night , lady ! int . kitchen - moment later Elizabeth set the table as Nick enter . nick smell good in here . elizabeth really ? I be just boil water . nick oh . then it must be you ... ( take out wine glass ) so what be you in the mood for , red or white ? elizabeth I think red . 12 6 nick follow I ... int . stone stairwell lead to Nick 's private wine cellar . a cavernous space light by beautiful lantern . the wall be line with bottle of wine ... ladder lean against the wall , library style . nick this be where I keep my private stash . do you know I also collect wine ? elizabeth oh really ? nick yeah , I be a man of limited interest . Elizabeth laugh . Nick lead she into a small cozy room , pull a bottle from a rack . nick here 's a 1921 burgundy ... they say the rain that year make this the best burgundy ever harvest ... oh wait , you will appreciate this one ... ( show she another bottle ) elizabeth ( read label ) vi Day , 1946 ... incredible . nick yeah , I love that ... ( show she another bottle ) the same wine my parent serve at they wedding ... a 152 bordeaux . I think my sister be conceive off this baby . elizabeth what 's this -one ? ( read label ) where dream have no end ... 1983 . nick that one actually take I year to track down . elizabeth why , where 's it from ? 127 nick it 's the wine we drank at we wedding . I now have every bottle ever make . elizabeth ( completely throw ) you do ? nick I do . elizabeth can we open one ? nick you be the only one I would drink it with . Nick pull a bottle from the shelf , dust it off . he look at Elizabeth and see she eye be teary . nick you okay ? elizabeth just get a little dust in my eye ... nick I can offer you a clean sleeve to ... elizabeth ( pull back from the offer ) no , no , I be fine , now . really . ' all better . nick you do not always have to be so brave , you know . elizabeth oh , but I do , actually ... just then , they hear the cellar door open above they and footstep . chessy ( o.s. ) anybody home ? Nick hesitates , look to Elizabeth , who shrug . nick yeah ... we be on we way up ... 128 . Nick and Elizabeth climb the stair and enter the kitchen where they be greet by Martin and chessy . Martin wear shade and a laker baseball cap . elizabeth welcome back ... how be the picnic ? chessy who know the man want to eat in l.a .? we drive eight hour to have a picnic in a city with no park . martin but what a town ! I see mountain , beach , I see Michael keaton , not to mention I find out I have the same hand size as John Wayne and the same shoe size as John barrymore . chessy the man be a lot to handle ... but a lot of fun . how be the camp trip ? be not you back early ? be we interrupt anything ? we be . let 's go , marty . elizabeth no , no , you be not interrupt anything . be you hungry ? in the mood for some pasta ? Nick look at Elizabeth , wishing she have not invite they to stay . chessy you do not mind ? we have not eat since hearst Castle . nick no , no , it 's fine . elizabeth I will set the table for two more ... as chessy and in join they , Nick slip the bottle of - wine into a cabinet and close the door . close - on a row of suitcase line up in front of nick's house . camera tilt up as Elizabeth come down the front step and join Annie and Martin , who be dress and ready to go . 12 9 elizabeth okay , then , I guess that 's that . we be really off this time . angle nick , mulie , chessy and sammy sadly watch as a cab Driver load the baggage into the trunk . the Girls hug and promise to see each other over Thanksgiving . chessy and Martin hug and promise to see each other over Christmas ... then Nick and Elizabeth hug in a distant way and let go very quickly . nick take care of yourself . elizabeth you too . the trunk be close and Elizabeth hug hallie hard ... Nick hug Annie . Elizabeth , Annie and Martin wave , then duck into the cab . as the taxi pull off , chessy , hallie and sammy all look up to Nick . he turn away ... ext . london - establishing - day a taxi enter frame , round a corner and pull up in front of Elizabeth 's town house . int . f.lizabethis town house - moment later Elizabeth and Annie enter , drop they bag by the front door . elizabeth hi ... we be home they do not bear anything . Annie ( call out ) grandfather ? elizabeth I will check he study . Elizabeth enter the study , and sure enough , there he be , sit behind the desk , hide behind the Financial Times . elizabeth hey stranger ... 13 0 . the paper come down and Elizabeth sees it 's hallie sit behind the desk . hallie hi , Mom . do you know the concorde get you here in half the time ? elizabeth ( stunne ) yeah , I have hear that ... Annie arrive in the door behind Elizabeth , shocked to see hallie . Annie what be you do here ? hallie it take we around thirty second after you leave to realize we do not want to lose you two again . elizabeth we? nick ( appear from the doorway behind hallie ) we . I make the mistake of not come after you once , lizzie and I be not go to do it again ... no matter how brave you be . ' Elizabeth look across the study at Nick , she eye once again fill up , a smile on she face . elizabeth thank you . they stand freeze , they eye lock on each other . Annie pssst .... she signal for hallie to join she in the hall . ext . study - second later hallie rush up to Annie . hallie we do it ! we do it ! 13 1 . they hug . Annie it 's unbelievable . hallie ohmygod , you guy be gonna love live in California .... Annie what do you mean ... California ? you two be go to love live in London ... hallie London ??? close on elizabeth and nick embrace by the window . camera pull back through the window and continue into the front yard , revealing chessy and Martin , in each other 's arm . camera boom up and away finally revealing sammy bark in the front yard at a little poodle in the yard next door . and as grandfather walk down the street , open the garden gate and enter the path to the house , we fade out