the private life of sherlock holme by billy wilder and i.a.l diamond the private life of sherlock holme fade in : brass plaque - day engrave on it be the word : cox &amp ; co. , banker . reflected in its shiny surface be double - decker red bus , and other present - day London traffic . int . bank vault - day a iron gate open , and two bank guard come in . one of they switch on the light . on the shelf which line the wall be dusty strong - box , document case , wrap package , etc . the guard move along the shelf search for something . watson' voice somewhere in the vault of a bank in London be a tin dispatch box with my name on it . it be not to be open until fifty year after my death . the guard find a batter tin dispatch box with the name JOHN H. watson , M.D. , paint on it . they remove it from the shelf , set it down on a table . the box be tie with heavy cord , the knot seal with wax . strung on the cord be the key . watson' voice it contain certain memento of my long association with a man who elevate the science of deduction to a art -- the world 's first , and undoubtedly most famous , consulting detective . while one of the guard dust the box off , the other cut the cord with a pair of scissors . he then insert the key in the lock , turn it , raise the lid -- revealing the dusty content of the box . over this , superimpose the MAIN title . the guard now start to remove the object from the box , one at a time : -- a daguerreotype of holme , stand , and Watson , seat , in a a stiff studio pose ; holme ' deerstalker hat , he curve pipe , he magnify glass ; Watson 's stethoscope , holme ' revolver ; a small enamel sign with the number 221b ; a pair of handcuffs ; 2 . a sheet of music paper which be unroll to disclose a violin piece compose by holme , title for ilse von H. ; a pocket watch , the back of which be open to reveal a photograph of gabrielle valladon ; a signet ring bear the initial s.h. -- under which be conceal a compass ; a wear morocco case -- inside which be a early - model hypodermic syringe ; a crystal ball which , when shake , produce a snowstorm - and when the snow settles , we see a bust of Queen Victoria . over these object , the rest of the credit title be superimposed . the last item out of the box be a thick stack of manuscript paper , bound with green ribbon . the guard undoe the ribbon , dust off the top page , as camera move in closer . written in ink , in the cursive penmanship of the period , be the follow paragraph : to my heir : in my lifetime , I have record some sixty case demonstrate the singular gift of my friend sherlock holme -- deal with everything from the hound of the baskervill to he mysterious brother mycroft and the devilish Professor moriarty . but there be other adventure which , for reason of discretion , I have decide to withhold from the public until this much later date . they involve matter of a delicate and sometimes scandalous nature , as will shortly become apparent . over this , we hear the voice of dr . watson , read the text . dissolve to : yorkshire landscape - day a passenger train of the late nineteenth century be chugge through the early morning mist . watson' voice it be August of 1887 , and we be return from Yorkshire , where holme have solve the baffling murder of Colonel abernetty . 3. int . compartment - moving train - dawn there be but two passenger in the compartment -- sit by the window , face each other . in fact they be doze . one wear a deerstalker and a inverness cape ; the other be in a dark overcoat and a black bowler , a furle umbrella between he leg , a medical bag on the seat beside he . the rest of they luggage be on the rack above . they be , of course , sherlock holme and dr . JOHN H. watson . this be 1887 , they be thirty - three and thirty - five respectively . watson' voice you may recall that he break the murderer 's alibi by measure the depth to which the parsley have sink in the butter on a hot day . dissolve to : ext . baker STREET - day a hansom cab , with holme ' and Watson 's luggage strapped to the rack on top , be proceeding down the busy street . watson' voice he be the most brilliant man I have ever know -- and I dare say people have envied I for share that flat with he in Baker Street . the cab draw up in front of 221b . the front door open and mrs . hudson , a plump , motherly woman in she fifty , wear a apron , hurry down the step . she greet holme and Watson warmly as they alight . watson' voice I will grant you he be stimulate -- but he could also be moody , unpredictable , egocentric , and more often than not , completely infuriate -- as we landlady , Mrs. Hudson , can attest -- bless she kind soul . the cabbie start to unload they luggage . as holme , Watson and Mrs. Hudson proceed inside , camera travel up the facade of the build , past the number 221b , to the bay window on the second floor . 4. int . live room - 221b baker STREET - day it 's all there -- the fireplace , the coal scuttle , the Persian slipper with the tobacco ; the velvet wing chair , the basket chair with the write - arm , the couch with the cushion ; the sideboard with the tantalus and the gasogene ; the acid-stain deal - top table with holme ' chemical equipment on it , the dining table , the small moorish table ; the bookshelve and the violin case ; the gas fixture and the oil lamp ; the dumbwaiter connect with the kitchen in the basement ; and holme ' desk , pile high with papers , clipping , research material , etc . holme be pull up the window shade . Watson have remove he hat and coat , and be put he medical bag down on the sideboard ; the cabbie , have deposit they luggage , be just leave . mrs . hudson I do wish you would give I a little more warning when you come home unexpected . I would have roast a goose -- and have some flower for you . holme my dear Mrs. Hudson -- criminal be as unpredictable as head -cold . you never quite know when you be go to catch one . he have pick up a dagger , start open he mail , which be on the dining table . mrs . hudson I will unpack you bag . she exit into one of the bedroom . Watson have now take a magazine out of a envelope . watson here 's a advance copy of strand Magazine . ( show it to holme ) they have print ' the red-headed League ! ' on the cover be a color illustration from the story , feature in obligatory inverness and deerstalker . 5 . holme ( offhand ) very impressive . watson ( leaf through the magazine ) would you like to see how I treat it ? holme I can hardly wait . I be sure I will find out all sort of fascinating thing about the case that I never know before . watson just what do you mean by that ? holme oh , come now , Watson , you must admit that you have a tendency to over- romanticize . you have take my simple exercise in logic and embellish they , exaggerated they ... watson I deny the accusation . holme you have describe I as six - foot-four , whereas I be barely six - foot-one . watson a bit of poetic license . holme ( remove inverness and deerstalker ) you have saddle I with this improbable costume , which the public now expect I to wear . watson that 's not my do . ( indicate cover of strand ) blame it on the illustrator . holme you have make I out to be a violin virtuoso . here -- 6 . ( hold out a letter he 's be read ) -- a request from the Liverpool symphony to appear as soloist in the mendelssohn concerto . watson ( excited ) oh , really ? holme the fact be that I could barely hold my own in the pit orchestra of a second - rate music hall . watson you be much too modest . holme ( busy with the mail ) you have give the reader the distinct impression that I be a misogynist . actually , I do not dislike woman -- I merely distrust they . the twinkle in the eye and the arsenic in the soup . watson it 's that little touch that make you colorful -- holme lurid be more like it . you have paint I as a hopeless dope addict -- just because I occasionally take a five per cent solution of cocaine . watson a seven per cent solution . holme five per cent . do not you think I be aware you have be dilute it behind my back ? watson as a doctor -- and as you friend -- I strongly disapprove of this insidious habit of yours . 7. holme my dear friend -- as well as my dear doctor -- I only resort to narcotic when I be suffer from acute boredom -- when there be no interesting case to engage my mind . ( hold out one of the open letter ) look at this -- a urgent appeal to find six miss midget . he toss the letter down be disgust . watson do you say midget ? he pick up the letter . holme six of they -- the tumble piccolos -- a acrobatic act with some circus . watson disappear between London and bristol ... do not you find that intrigue ? holme extremely so . you see , they be not only midget -- but also anarchist . watson anarchist ? holme ( nodd ) by now they have be smuggle to Vienna , dress as little girl in burgundy pinafore . they be to greet the czar of all the russias when he arrive at the railway station . they will be carry bouquet of flower , conceal in each bouquet will be a bomb with a light fuse . watson you really think so ? holme not at all . the circus owner offer I five pound for my service -- that 's not even a pound a midget . 8. so obviously he be a stingy blighter , and the little chap simply run off to join another circus . watson ( crestfallen ) oh . and it sound so promise -- holme there be no great crime anymore , Watson . the criminal class have lose all enterprise and originality . at best they commit some bungling villainy , with a motive so transparent that even a Scotland yard official can see through it . he have cross to the desk , suddenly notice something . holme ( angrily ) Mrs. Hudson ! ( even angrier ) mrs . hudson ! Mrs. Hudson come hurry out of the bedroom . mrs . hudson yes ? what be it ? what have I do now ? holme ( sternly ) there be something miss from my desk . mrs . hudson miss ? holme something very crucial . ( pick up a small feather ) you have be tidy up against my explicit order . mrs . hudson oh , I make sure not to disturb anything . holme Dust , Mrs. Hudson , be a essential part of my filing system . by the thickness of it , I can date any document immediately . 9 . mrs . hudson some of the dust be this thick . she demonstrate with she thumb and forefinger . holme ( promptly ) that would be March , 1883 . he blow the feather away . dissolve to : int . live room - evening start on holme ' foot , operate a bellow . camera pan up to the top of the chemistry table , on which a elaborate apparatus of brass , glass and rubber tub have be set up . insert into the end of the rubber tube be half a dozen cigarettes , four cigar of different shape and color , and four pipe , all light . activate by the bellow , they be puffing away like mad , wheeze loudly and fill the screen with smoke . seat at the table be holme , in shirt -sleeve . occasionally he knock off a ash onto a glass slide , study it under a microscope . Watson , in a dress gown , be sit in the chair with the write arm , document the latest holme adventure for strand Magazine . the open mail have now be affix to the center of the wooden mantelpiece , with a dagger . Mrs. Hudson be clear the dinner dish from the table , and load they onto the shelf of the dumbwaiter . the accumulation of smoke in the room make she cough . mrs . hudson how can you stand this ? why do not you let I air the room out ? watson please , Mrs. Hudson -- he 's work on a definitive study of tobacco ash . mrs . hudson ( drily ) I be sure there 's a cry need for that . 10 . watson in we endeavor , it be sometimes vital to distinguish between , say , the ash of a macedonian cigarette and a jamaican cigar . sor far he have classified 140 different kind of ash . mrs . hudson all of which will end up on my rug . she be now pull on the rope which lower the dumbwaiter . watson that will be enough , Mrs. Hudson . mrs . hudson ( head for door ) all right . if you gentleman want to stay here and suffocate ... she exit , shutting the door . for a while , the two go on work . then holme rise abruptly from the chemistry table . holme she 's right . I be suffocating . watson let I open a window . holme not from lack of air -- from lack of activity . sitting here week after week -- blow smoke ring -- stare through a microscope -- there 's no challenge in that . watson personally , I consider it a major contribution to scientific criminology ... holme have open he violin case and take out he fiddle . holme how I envy you you mind , Watson . watson you do ? 11 . holme it 's placid , imperturbable , prosaic . but my mind rebel against stagnation . it 's like a racing engine , tear itself to piece because it 's not connect up with the work for which it be build . he have tuck the violin under he chin , start to improvise a nervous pent - up melody . there be nothing amateurish about it -- he play quite well . Watson resume work on he manuscript . suddenly the music stop . Watson look up apprehensively . holme have put down the violin , and be crossing to the sideboard . he open Watson 's medical bag , take out a bottle of cocaine , start toward he bedroom . Watson push the write arm to the side , rise from he chair . watson holme -- holme pay no attention , continue into the bedroom . Watson cross to the open door . Inside the bedroom , holme have put down the cocaine bottle on the washstand , and be roll up he leave sleeve . watson holme , where be you self - control ? holme Fair question . from a drawer he take a morocco case , open it , remove a hypodermic syringe . watson be not you ashamed of yourself ? holme thoroughly . but this will take care of it . he have remove the stopper from the cocaine bottle , and insert the hypodermic needle into it , start to draw up the liquid . dissolve to : 12 . ext . baker STREET - day it be raining . a bus come down the street , the open top deck sprout umbrella like black mushroom . watson' voice naturally , I do not mean to imply that my friend be always on cocaine -- sometimes it be opium , sometimes it be hashish . and once he go one of this dreadful binge , there be no tell how long it would last . int . live room - 221b baker STREET - day rain beat on the window . holme and Watson be in the middle of a argument . watson the only reason you move in with I be to have a steady supply of stimulant . holme now , now , Watson -- you must not underestimate you other charm . he start into the bedroom . watson holme , I warn you . if you lock yourself in there once more -- holme I intend to do nothing of the sort . he take the hypodermic out of the drawer in the washstand , start back into the live room with it . holme not until you replace this needle . it be get rather blunt . as Watson glare at he , the door open and Mrs. Hudson come bustling in . holme hide the hypodermic behind he back . mrs . hudson I make you some tea and cress sandwich . 13 . she open the door of the dumbwaiter , start to pull it up . watson Mrs. Hudson , I want you to pack my bag . mrs . hudson be you go away for the weekend ? watson and beyond . I be move out . mrs . hudson move out ? ( she look at holme ) holme I be just as surprised as you be . watson you hear I , Mrs. Hudson . and let 's not waste any time . Mrs. Hudson sigh , exit into Watson 's bedroom . holme May I be so bold as to ask where you 'er go ? watson I do not know yet . but I intend to resume my practice . I be , after all , a doctor . and quite a competent one , if I say so as should not . holme you will find it very dull -- snipping out tonsils and flush out kidney -- Watson be glance around the room , search for something . holme if you be look for you medical bag , you hide it under the moorish table . ( as Watson cross to it ) which show a little more imagination than last time -- when it be under you bed . 14 . Watson pick up the moorish table , disclose the medical bag , stand on end . he set the bag down on the fender , open it . watson I will , of course , continue to pay my half of the rent until you find someone to share this room with you . holme where be I go to find anyone who will put up with my rather eccentric habit ? watson ( take hypodermic needle out of bag ) here 's a fresh needle -- and here 's my farewell present to you . he take out three bottle of narcotic , put they on the mantel . watson if you want to destroy yourself , go right ahead . but I will not sit by and watch you do it . he snap he bag shut , carry it toward he bedroom . holme Watson ... Watson disappear into the bedroom , slamm the door . holme look after he , then look at the bottle of dope on the mantelpiece . he start pace . after a moment he stop at the chemistry table , study the assort glassware on the shelf above . int . watson' bedroom - day there be two open valise on the bed . Watson be move around the room , collect various odd and end , while Mrs. Hudson pack he clothes . mrs . hudson it 's so sad . you and Mr. holme -- after all this year -- ( she sob ) 15 . watson please , Mrs. Hudson -- none of that . Mrs. Hudson take a clean handkerchief from the open valise , blow she nose . mrs . hudson I will wash this and send it on to you . watson I will be at Brown 's Hotel . mrs . hudson ( still sniffle ) I know how it feel -- I once go through a divorce myself . watson ( remove diploma from wall ) actually , I be rather look forward to it . lead a normal life again . regular office hour -- nine to three -- and if occasionally there 's a emergency call in the middle of the night , I know it 's go be appendicitis and not a ax murder . let holme go muck about in the fog and the sleet , look for a bloodstain collar- button out on the moor , with some dement hound snap at he behind -- from the live room come the sound of a revolver shot . Mrs. Hudson scream and Watson look off in alarm . then he race out of the room , diploma in hand , follow by Mrs. Hudson . int . live room - day as they burst into the room , they see holme sit on the stool beside the chemistry table , a revolver in he hand . he have shattered one of the narcotic bottle on the mantelpiece , and be aim at a second one . mrs . hudson Mr. holme ... holme fire , smash the second bottle . as Mrs. Hudson take a step forward , he wave she away with the gun . 16 . holme please , Mrs. Hudson . you be in my line of fire . Watson jerk Mrs. Hudson back as holme let go with another shot . the bullet dispose of the third bottle , splattering glass and liquid all over the place . holme rise calmly from the stool , cross to the desk , put the revolver away in a drawer . mrs . hudson ( outrage ) how many time have I tell you I will not tolerate pistol practice on my premise ? I should have evict you when you shot they hole in my wall . she point up to a spot near the ceiling . neatly trace in bullet hole be the initial v.r. , with a small crown above they . holme merely celebrate her majesty 's Golden Jubilee . mrs . hudson look at that mess you make -- Watson be look at holme with a little smile on he face . watson it 's all right , Mrs. Hudson . I will clean it up -- ( hand she the diploma ) -- while you unpack my thing . mrs . hudson unpack ? holme you hear he . a bewilder Mrs. Hudson go back into the bedroom . Watson cross to the fireplace , pick up the whiskbroom and the coal shovel , start clean up the break glass . watson thank you , holme . I know how difficult it must have be for you -- 17 . holme not really . it be simple choice between a bad habit and a good companion . watson you have make I very happy . holme I have often be accuse of be cold and unemotional . I admit to it . and yet , in my cold , unemotional way , I be very fond of you , Watson . watson I know that . but one like to hear this thing occasionally . he notice the violin , which have be splatter with the liquid from the shattered bottle , pick it up . watson look at this . cover with that nasty stuff . I would better dry it off . holme I will do it . he take the instrument , and dabbing it with a handkerchief , carry it toward the violin case . watson for a moment , I be worried that you be go to let I walk out -- that you be not even go to try to stop I . holme now , Watson -- you know there 's nothing I would not do to keep you here . with a side - glance at the busy Watson , he open the violin case . neatly stashed away around the edge be the three original bottle of narcotic . the one he shot up , of course , be substitute from the chemistry set . he place the violin carefully among the bottle , close the case , snap the lock . as he move off , we stay on the violin case . 18 . watson' voice it be not the first not the last time he trick I like that . normally , I be inclined to forgive he ... dissolve to : int . live room - day Watson , in he dress gown , be sit at the table , finish he coffee . in front of he be a letter , on blue note - paper , and a pair of theatre ticket . watson' voice but on one occasion , he do something that be so utterly unforgivable , that I would gladly have murder he -- have it not be for my saintly disposition . Watson set down he coffee cup , pick up the letter and the ticket , rise from he chair . he start to pace -- address holme , who be off-scene . watson why be you be so stubborn , holme ? why will not you go ? it 's the final performance of the Imperial Russian ballet -- the house have be sell out for month -- he move towards the door of -- holme ' bedroom - day holme be sit in a hip - bath with a high back , soap himself . Watson appear in the doorway . watson -- seat be go for a guinea apiece -- holme that 's precisely it . why should someone send up two free ticket ? anonymously , at that . watson whoever send they must be in great distress . the note say -- 19 . ( read it ) ' please ! you be the only man in the world who can help I . ' holme I suspect it 's some sort of plot . watson you mean somebody want to lure we into a trap ...? holme somebody want to kill I . watson kill you ? holme that 's right . it 's a plot to bore I to death . I detest ballet . watson but this be not just any ballet . it 's swan Lake . CUT to : int . theatre - night start on the conductor , in the orchestra pit , as he give the downbeat for the second acto music of swan lake . camera pull back to include the stage , with a mechanical sway crossing the mist-shrouded lake . camera continue to pull back , revealing holme and Watson , in evening clothes , occupy a box in the upper tier . watson ( confidentially ) you know , of course , holme -- that swan be not really a swan -- it 's a enchant princess . holme ( bored ) h'mmmm . on the stage now , the hunter appear , carry light torch . 20 . BOX Watson train he opera glass on the stage , holme stifles a yawn . stage petrova , as the Queen of the swan , make she entrance to loud applause . she be in she forty , but splendidly preserve , undoubtedly the great ballerina around . BOX Watson nudge holme , who have doze off . watson fabulous woman , do not you think so , holme ? holme ( come to ) who ? watson the great petrova . he hand the glass to holme , who focus they indifferently on the stage . stage petrova be make a exit , backwards , on point . BOX holme lower the glass , return they to Watson . holme very strong arch , I must admit . watson they say twelve man have die for she . holme really . 21 . watson six commit suicide , four be kill in duel , and one fall out of the gallery in the Vienna Opera House . holme that 's only eleven . watson the man who fall from the gallery land on top of another man in the orchestra . holme that make a even dozen -- in a messy sort of way . Watson resume watch the stage through the glass . stage petrova and the dancer play the Prince go into the famous pas-de- deux . BOX Watson enjoy himself immensely , holme sit there dourly . the red plush curtain at the rear of the box part , and a man in evening clothes and a top hat enter . he be in he middle fifty , extremely soigne , and somewhat sinister . his name be rogozhin , and he be Russian . holme and Watson look around . rogozhin mister holme ? holme yes . rogozhin I be nicolai rogozhin , director - general of the Imperial Russian ballet . so glad you accept invitation . holme and Watson start to get up , but he motion they back into they chair . holme this be Dr. Watson . 22. rogozhin please to meet you . ( seating himself behind they ) you be enjoy ? watson immensely . rogozhin ( abruptly ) tell I , Mr. holme , how be you health ? holme my health ? better consult my doctor . watson ( to rogozhin ) oh , he 's in excellent shape . rogozhin ( to holme ) any insanity in you family ? diabete ? asthma ? holme would you mind tell I what this be all about ? rogozhin certainly . Madame petrova , she have problem . holme could you be more specific ? rogozhin certainly not . watson a liason with a crown head ? compromise letter ? blackmail ? he glance toward the stage . stage the pas-de - deux finish , to a rouse ovation . 23. BOX rogozhin rise , turn to holme . rogozhin after performance , there will be little celebration backstage -- and Madame request you presence . watson we would be delighted . rogozhin ( to Watson ) you be invite , also . with a parting look he exit , pull the plush curtain close . CUT to : stage the performance be over , the curtain be up , the party be on . tables have be set up , with caviar , vodka and champagne . the member of the orchestra be now play balalaikas , and crew and cast ( the ballerinas still in costume , the male dancer in tight ) seem in high spirit . holme and Watson , in silk hat with cane , appear from the wing , stop , survey the scene . Watson 's eye be shine with anticipation . in contrast , holme ' face be sober and quizzical . rogozhin spot the two , detach himself from a group , hurry over to join they . rogozhin there you be , Mr. holme . Madame be expect you in she dress room . Dr. Watson , you will amuse yourself meanwhile -- we have vodka , caviar , girl . watson no , thank you . 24 . rogozhin no girl ? watson no caviar . make I break out in hive . rogozhin turn to a group of ballerinas , clap he hand . rogozhin dievushki . siude , siuda , dievushki . Posnakomtes 's docktorum watsonom . half a dozen ballerinas descend on on Dr. Watson . they be giggle and chatter in Russian . rogozhin lead holme off , while Watson take in the bevy of beauty around he . watson any of you girl understand English ? girl nyet . watson not one single word ? girl nyet . watson in that case , I do not mind tell you that you all have lovely po-pos . he pat a couple of the po-pos with he cane . backstage rogozhin be lead holme toward Madame petrova 's dress room . rogozhin Mr. holme , I must prepare you -- this be no ordinary case . holme it be only the extraordinary that interest I . 25 . rogozhin good . because you will find this extra - extraordinary . they have now reach the door of Madame 's dress room . rogozhin knock . the door be open by a elderly Russian may . rogozhin Madame petrova prinimaet ? maid pozhaluista voidite . rogozhin lead holme inside . the may step out , shut the door . int . dressing room - night it be small , elegant and sensuous . there be vodka in a ice-bucket , next to a recamier chaise , a paravent , mass of flower , and finally Madame petrova , still in costume , sit at a dress table with multiple mirror , undoing she hair . candle , in two elaborate candleabra , give Madame 's face a special glow . rogozhin ja priviol vam mistera sherlock holmesa , doragaia . petrova ( to holme ) otchen rada . she extend she hand , and holme take it . holme Madame . he kiss she hand . petrova appraise he from head to toe , and back again . petrova ( to holme ) vi menshe rostom chem ja ozhidala . holme Madame say you be short than she think . 26 . holme I do not mean to be . petrova no eto nie vazhno . menia interessujut glavnim obra som vashi mosghi . rogozhin short , tall , who care ? it be the brain that count . holme ( to rogozhin ) thank you . ( catch himself , to petrova ) thank you . petrova rise , cross to the paravent . petrova ja prochia vsie vashi prikliuchenia . Zamiechatelno ! os sobenno sobaka baskervillei . rogozhin Madame be great admirer of yours . she have read every story -- she favorite be Big Dog from baskerville . holme I be afraid it lose something in translation . petrova be now behind the paravent , undress , only she head visible . petrova nikolai , pokazhite iemu skripku . rogozhin pick up a violin case , open it . rogozhin Mr. holme , you know about fiddle . ( take violin out , hand it to he ) what be you opinion of this ? holme hold the violin up , peer through one of the sound hole . 27 . holme ( read ) ' antonius stradivarius cremonesis , anno 1709 . ' well , the label be authentic . ( examine violin , pluck string ) judge from the shape , the color of the varnish , and the tone , I would say it be a genuine stradivarius of the best period . rogozhin you like ? holme it 's magnificent . petrova ( from behind paravent ) skazhite jemu chto eto podarok to menia . rogozhin here -- take it . Madame say it be yours . holme mine ? rogozhin for service you will render . holme my fee as a detective be not exactly trifling -- but a stradivarius -- you be not serious . rogozhin I be not . but Madame be . petrova emerge from behind the paravent , in a brocade dress gown . petrova nalejte vodki i obiasnite jemu v chom dielo . she drape herself on the chaise . 28 . rogozhin all right . I will pour vodka and explain . ( start pour vodka ; it be pink ) Mr. holme , what you have see tonight be last and positively final performance of Madame petrova . she be retire . holme what a shame . rogozhin she have be dance since she be three year old . and after all , she be now thirty - eight . holme ( gallantly ) I must say she do not look thirty - eight . rogozhin that be because she be forty - nine . ( he hand she a glass of vodka , with a exaggerated smile ) so Madame have decide to leave ballet and spend life bring up she child . holme how admirable . rogozhin ( hand he vodka ) Problem now be to find father . holme oh ? be he miss ? rogozhin correct . holme and that 's why you call I in ? rogozhin also correct . we must have father , because without father , how can there be child ? 29 . holme I see . the whole thing be still in the plan stage -- rogozhin correct again . Madame would like child to be brilliant and beautiful . since she be beautiful -- she now need man who be brilliant . holme ' eye wander slowly toward petrova . she raise she glass . petrova Za zdorovie . rogozhin ( raise he glass ) Za zdorovie . holme Za zdrovie . petrova and rogozhin down they vodka bottom up . holme take one swallow , then stop . holme what 's in it ? rogozhin what do it taste like ? holme Red pepper . rogozhin that 's what 's in it . while rogozhin refill petrova 's glass and he own , holme take another tentative sip . petrova ( to holme ) kogda mis smozhem dvinutsa v putj ? holme I beg you pardon ? 30 . rogozhin Madame want to know how soon you can be ready . holme ready ? rogozhin to leave for Venice . all arrangement have be make . you will spend one week there with Madame ... holme well , this be all very flatter . but surely there be other I -- better man -- rogozhin to tell you truth , you be not first choice . we consider Russian writer , tolstoi -- holme that 's more like it . the man 's a genius . rogozhin too old ... then we consider the philosopher , nietzsche -- holme absolutely first-rate mind ... rogozhin too german ... and we consider tschaikowski -- holme oh , you could not go wrong with tschaikowski -- rogozhin we could -- and we do . it be catastrophe . holme why ? rogozhin you do not know ? because tschaikowski -- how shall put it ? woman not he glass of tea . 31 . holme pity , that . petrova ( to rogozhin ) skazhite jemu chto je otchen dovolna etim resheniem . rogozhin Madame be very happy with final choice . holme Madame must not be too hasty . she must remember I be a englishman . rogozhin so ? holme you know what they say about we . if there 's one thing more deplorable than we cooking , it 's we love-make . we be not exactly the most romantic of people -- rogozhin perfect . we do not want sentimental idiot -- fall in love , commit suicide . one week in Venice -- she go back to St. Petersburg with baby -- you go back to London with fiddle . holme a equitable arrangement . ( put down violin ) about my medical history -- when you ask I -- I neglect to mention a small detail . there be hemophilia in my family . we be all bleeder . rogozhin ( to petrova ) on govorit , chto v jevo semie stradajut ghemofilijei . petrova pust nie bezpokoitsa . ja ostrighu sebe noghti . 32 . rogozhin Madame say not to worry . she will not scratch you . holme that 's reassure to know . but -- petrova ( to rogozhin ) pochemu on kolebletsa ? on nie nahodit menia dostatochno privlekatelnoi ? rogozhin Madame say you talk too much . you find she attractive or no ? before holme can answer , the door open and Watson stick he head in . he be flushed and slightly inebriated , and there be a flower tuck behind he ear . from off come the SOUND of wild balalaika music . watson Excuse I . ( to rogozhin ) what do prokanzik mean ? rogozhin it mean ' you little devil . ' watson it do ? I be ? thank you . he hurry off , shutting the door . rogozhin ( to holme ) I repeat question . you find Madame attractive or no ? holme be still look at the door where Watson exite , a idea form in he mind . holme ( turn to rogozhin ) oh , I find she most attractive -- for a woman , that be . rogozhin then no problem . 33. holme maybe a slight one . you see , I be not a free man . rogozhin not free ? you be a bachelor . holme a bachelor -- live with another bachelor -- for the last five year . five very happy year . rogozhin what be it you be try to tell I ? holme I hope I could avoid the subject . but some of we -- through a cruel caprice of mother nature -- rogozhin get to point . holme the point be that tschaikowski be not a isolate case . rogozhin you mean , you and Dr. Watson -- ? ( holme nod ) he be you glass of tea ? holme if you want to be picturesque about it . petrova ( slightly agitate ) chto on govorit ? pri chom tut chaikovsky ? rogozhin on pederast . petrova ( on she foot now ; flaring ) jescho odin ? eto stanovitsa odnoobrasno ! kakoi vi idiot ! 34 . holme ( pick up he silk hat and cane ) believe I , Madame , the loss be all mine . but I would prefer to disappoint you know than disappoint you in a gondola in Venice . he take she limp hand , kiss it . then he cross to the door . holme ( imitate rogozhin 's accent ) it would have be catastrophe . he exit . rogozhin start to pour himself another glass of vodka . petrova slap the glass out of he hand . petrova ( scream ) potchemu vi nie vijasnili eto eto ranshe , prezhde chem posoritj menia ! stage the party have build into a real wingde by now . it 's wild -- drink , laugh , sing . everybody be turn on -- especially Watson . he be dance with a dozen of the ballerinas to madly accelerate balalaika music . flower behind ear , hair muss , tie undone , short of breath -- he be in paradise . holme make he way through the reveler , approach Watson . holme Watson ! ( Watson pay no attention ) Watson , be you come ? watson ( without miss a step ) what be it , old boy ? holme we be go home . 35 . watson Home ? not a chance . not the slight -- not the remotest chance . toodle-ooo . he wave goodbye , and go on swirl dizzily with the girl . holme put on he silk hat and leave . a shake rogozhin come up to the buffet , pour himself a stiff drink of vodka . as he drink he eye follow the dance Watson balefully . Watson spin off several of the girl , grab another group . his ex- partner wind up close to rogozhin . he whisper something to they . they eye widen , and they stare at Watson with disbelief . Watson again switch partner , and the first girl now whisper intensely to that who just leave the floor . the same reaction . Watson , oblivious to all this , be whirling around with another set of girl . by now some of the girl who be in on the secret be whisper to the male dancer in tight . they reaction be slightly different . they be see Watson in a new light . and before Watson know what 's happen , he have be abandon by all the girl , and be join first by one pair then another pair of male dancer , till he be dance only with gay guy in tight . it gradually dawns on Watson that there be something wrong with this state of affair . after some difficulty , he break away from they . watson hold on ! just a moment ! spot rogozhin , he cross to he . the girl shrink away at he approach . watson ( bewilder ) what 's go on ? what happen to the girl ? rogozhin why ? do you not prefer it this way ? watson what way ? 36 . rogozhin you do not have to pretend . Mr. holme tell we everything -- about you and he -- watson about I and he ? rogozhin come now , no need to be bashful . we be not bourgeois . maybe with doctor and detective be unusual -- but in ballet , be very usual . watson what be ? rogozhin caprice of mother nature . look at pavel and mischa and boris and dmitri -- Watson look around at the boy in tight , who be stand in a half - circle , grin at he insolently . it be beginning to dawn on he . he pale . rogozhin -- and ilya and sergei -- ( break off , rock he hand back and forth ) sergei -- half and half . he pour himself another vodka . Watson grab the glass away from he , downs it with a gulp . dissolve to : int . live room - 221b baker STREET - night in contrast to the frenetic ambiance of the back -stage party , the room seem doubly placid . holme , he dinner coat replace by a smoking jacket , be sit in the wing chair , have a quiet pipe after the evening 's peculiar adventure . only the desk lamp be light . from the street , there be the sound of hurried , angry footstep approach the house . holme turn he head languidly -- he know who be come . 37 . ext . baker STREET - night a enraged Watson , cane and opera glass in hand , and the flower still behind he ear , be jogging down the center of the desert street . int . live room - night holme rise casually , twist the wing chair so that its back be to the door , cross to the lamp on the desk , turn the wick down . from off come the sound of Watson 's key rattling in the front door lock . staircase - 221b baker STREET - night the front door open and Watson storm into the vestibule . watson holme ! he race up the stair and across the landing , fling open the door of the flat . watson holme ! int . live room - night Watson , grim and breathless , stand in the open doorway . over the back of the wing chair , he see smoke curling up from holme ' pipe . watson there you be , you wretch ! you rotter ! you blackguard ! of all the vile , unspeakable fabrication . what do you have to say for yourself ? no answer from holme . we now see -- but Watson do not -- that the chair be occupy by a section of holme ' smoking machine , with the pipe attach . watson do not just sit there -- speak up , man ! 38 . still no answer -- just a little pipe smoke drift up from the wing chair . incense , Watson raise the opera glass , toss they toward the chair . there be a loud thud , the pipe fall to the floor , then there be silence . Watson suddenly become concerned . watson holme ...? be you all right , holme ? he approach the chair apprehensively , shove it aside -- and there on the floor be the smoking machine , still wheeze slightly . Watson pick it up , and he eye travel to holme , stand in a shadowy corner , work the bellow with he foot . holme from the sound of you footstep , I gather that you be not in a particularly amiable mood . watson ( with renew fury ) how could you do a dastardly thing like that to I ? what the deuce be you think of ? he dash the smoking machine to the floor . holme Watson , you have my most abject apology . but have you ever be cornere by a madwoman ? it seem like the only way to get out of it without hurt she feeling . watson what about my feeling ? and my reputation ? do you realize the gravity of what you have do ? the possible repercussion ? holme so there will be a little gossip about you in St. Petersburg ... watson this thing spread like wildfire . I can just hear that malicious whisper behind my back . I will never be able to show my face in polite society ... 39 . and if it ever get back to my old regiment -- you do not know the fifth Northumberland fusilier -- they will strike I off the roll -- they will cut off my pension ... holme Watson , you be run amok . watson dishonor , disgrace , ostracize . what be I to do ? holme well , for one thing , I would get rid of that flower . he point to the flower behind Watson 's ear . Watson grab the flower , hurl it into the fireplace . watson you may think this be funny , but we be both in the same boat . we must take desperate measure . we must stop this talk ... ( a beat , then a idea ) maybe if we get marry ... holme then they would really talk ... watson ( start pace ) obviously , we cannot continue to live under the same roof . we must move apart . holme of course , we can still see each other clandestinely -- on remote bench in hyde Park , and in the wait room of suburban railway station -- watson ( a change in attitude ; defiant ) the whole thing be ridiculous . we have nothing to hide . holme that 's what I have be try to tell you . 40 . watson let somebody start a rumor -- just one ugly word -- and we will sue they for slander . holme nobody would dare . after all , you have a enviable record with the fair sex . watson damn right . I can get woman from three continent to testify for I . and you can get woman to vouch for you , too -- can not you , holme ? no answer from holme . Watson be become a little concerned . watson can you , holme ? holme good night , Watson . he start toward he bedroom . watson holme , let I ask you a question -- ( holme stop ) I hope I be not be presumptuous -- but there have be woman in you life ? holme the answer be yes . ( a relieved sigh from Watson ) you be be presumptuous . ( Watson 's face fall ) good night . he walk into he bedroom , shutting the door . Watson take a tentative step after he . watson holme ... dissolve to : 41 . int . live room - 221b baker STREET - night there be a cheery fire burn in the grate . holme be stretch out full - length on the couch , play a set of corelli variation on he violin . Watson be in he usual chair , read the even Standard . watson' voice what , indeed , be he attitude toward woman ? be there some secret he be hold back -- or be he just a think machine , incapable of any emotion ? ext . baker STREET - night wisp of fog swirl along the street , make yellow halo around street lamp . watson' voice I be not to get the answer until we become involved in what I consider to be the most outrageous case in all we year together . out of the mist come a hansom cab , with the dim figure of a woman visible in the passenger seat . the cab stop in front of 221b , and the driver start to get down . from upstairs come the faint sound of violin music . int . live room - night Watson step up to the window , pull the curtain aside , look down toward the street . ext . 221b baker STREET - night the cabbie cross the pavement , consult a address in he hand , glance up at the number of the house , then ring the bell . int . live room - 221b baker STREET - night Watson turn away from the window , as the bell downstairs ring again . holme stop play . 42 . watson be you expect someone ? holme not at this hour . watson maybe Mrs. Hudson be entertaining . holme I never find she so . Watson cross to the door , open it , step out . holme resume play corelli . vestibule and staircase - 221b baker STREET - night Mrs. Hudson , in a robe and night -cap , be talk to the cabbie in the open street door when Watson appear on the landing above . watson what be it , Mrs. Hudson ? mrs . hudson ( look up ) there 's a cabbie here -- he say you owe he two - and -six . watson for what ? cabbie ( to Watson ) for the fare , guv 'nor . the young lady do not have any money . watson what young lady ? cabbie this one . he reach out the door , pull in the young lady in question . she be in she early thirty , with strikingly handsome feature , but at the moment she be somewhat worse for wear . she be wrap in a blanket , she hair be wet , and there be a bruise on she temple . 43. she be wear and wedding ring and she name , we will subsequently learn , be gabrielle . watson well . what have we here ? ( he start down the stair ) who be you , miss ? what happen to you ? gabrielle ( slight accent ) I do not know . cabbie that 's all she keep say -- I do not know , I do not know . the violin music stop o.s . Watson have now reach the foot of the stair . watson where do she come from ? cabbie from the river . I be drive down the embankment , just below westminster Bridge , and there she be in the water -- drown . holme appear on the landing above , violin and bow in he hand . cabbie it be not easy , guv 'nor -- what with the cold water -- and she fight I -- holme ( from the upper landing ) why do you bring she here ? cabbie because I find this in she hand -- ( give a square of soggy cardboard to Watson ) -- 221b Baker Street -- that 's right , be not it ? Watson examine the cardboard , nod . 44 . holme ( to gabrielle ) Young lady -- what do you want at this address ? gabrielle ( look up , try to focus ) I do not remember . watson ( to holme ) Rather perplex , would not you say ? holme Rather . cabbie well , gentleman , you want she ? -- it 's two - and -six -- or shall I throw she back in the river ? mrs . hudson Mr. holme . you can not let he -- holme Watson , you would better accept delivery . Watson fish some coin out of he pocket , hand they to the cabbie . watson keep the change . cabbie thank you , guv 'nor . he snatch the blanket off gabrielle , revealing that she dress be cling to she damply . cabbie no extra charge for the use of the horse - blanket . he exit into the street , shutting the door . gabrielle hug herself for warmth . watson you be shiver , my dear . ( he put he arm around she ) 45 . come along . let I get you out of that wet clothes . he start to lead she up the stair . ext . baker STREET - night the cabbie have toss the blanket into the hansom , and be mount the driver 's seat . across the street , a man step out of the fog into a pool of light cast by one of the street lamp . he be a craggy - face prussian of about fifty , and he name be von tirpitz . he look up toward the holme flat . as the hansom make a u-turn and come abreast of he , he hop into the cab . the hansom disappear into the fog . int . live room - 221b baker STREET - night Watson be lead gabrielle to a chair by the fireplace . holme be put he violin down on the table . watson sit here , my dear . he settles she in the chair . holme come over , pluck the square of cardboard from Watson 's hand . watson she 's suffer from shock and exposure . he start to massage she wrist to restore she circulation . holme be examine the soggy cardboard . on one side be they address , write in pencil . he turn it over , disclose some smudge of green ink on the other side . holme there be some printing on the back of this -- but it seem to have come off in the water . Watson be now study the bruise on gabrielle 's temple . watson look at this -- she 's have a nasty blow on the head . holme 46 . could she have hit she head when she fall or jump into the river ? watson no . the blood have already coagulate . so it would appear that she be the victim of a deliberate attack ... get my bag , will you ? as holme fetch the medical bag , gabrielle look from one to the other . gabrielle who be you ? watson I be Dr. Watson -- and this be Mr. sherlock holme . do the name mean anything to you ? gabrielle no . watson think . gabrielle I be try . holme can you think of you own name ? gabrielle ( a beat , then shake she head ) no . watson she 's obviously have a concussion -- which often lead to temporary amnesia . he have now take some cotton and a bottle of antiseptic out of the medical bag , and be swabbing she wound . holme so all we know be that she be coshed on the head , dumped into the Thames , and subsequently dumped into we lap . 47 . watson we know a lot more than that . from she accent , we know she be foreign -- from she ring , we know she be marry -- and there be one other clue we have ... something I deduce while I be help she up the stair . no corset . holme good work . he glance down at gabrielle 's shoe , which have slip off she foot . Inside , slightly wear away , be the word : LA femme elegante . holme ( to gabrielle ) be you french ? ( in berlitz french ) vous ete francaise ? gabrielle ( concentrate -- then ) non , je not suis pas francaise . watson how can she say she 's not french , in french ? holme vous ete suisse ? gabrielle non . holme alor , vous ete belge . gabrielle ( haltingly ) je suis pas sure . holme reach behind she , turn back the collar of she dress . sewn inside be a label read : bazaar modern , bruxelle . holme vous ete belge -- de bruxelle ! 48 . gabrielle bruxelle ? oui ... je pense que oui . Mrs. Hudson have come in with a load tea-tray , start to put it down on the table . mrs . hudson oh , dash . will someone remove the violin , please ? Watson take the violin off the table , and she set down the tray . watson we just find out that she 's belgian . mrs . hudson poor thing . watson from Brussels . holme ( take gabrielle 's hand ) if you do not mind . he slip the wedding ring off she finger , pick up a magnify glass , examine it . it be make of copper , and engrave on the inside be the inscription : gabrielle - emile . holme you name be gabrielle , be that right ? gabrielle ? gabrielle I do not know . holme and you husband 's name be emile ? gabrielle ( vaguely ) emile ... holme where be he ? what be you do in London ? 49 . gabrielle I do not know . holme when do you arrive from Brussels ? where be you stay ? gabrielle I do not know . holme what happen at the river ? think ! pensez ! concentrez vous ! gabrielle burst into sob . watson ( step forward ) that 's enough , holme . I will not permit you to question she in this condition . ( help the sobbing gabrielle out of the chair ) Mrs. Hudson , put she to bed . my bed . ( Mrs. Hudson give he a look ) I will sleep on the couch . mrs . hudson come , my dear . she put she arm around gabrielle , who be still cry , lead she into Watson 's bedroom . watson I would better mix she a sleep potion . he get a packet of white powder out of he medical bag , and during the follow , stir a spoonful into she tea - cup . holme Watson , I think we should arrange to have she remove to a hospital . watson under no circumstance . holme she should have medical attention . 50 . watson she can get that from I . but more importantly , she must be protect -- there have already be one attempt on she life . holme this temporary amnesia -- how temporary be it ? watson it depend on the extent of the injury . it 's like veil shroud she memory . it could clear up in a few day -- or a few week . holme Watson , this be a very small flat -- we do not want to clutter it up with woman ... watson holme , we have never have a case like this . a woman come to we with a problem -- we do not know who the woman be -- and we do not know what the problem be . do not you find that challenging ? holme quite . but we can not afford to wait for that veil to lift -- we must break through they as quickly as possible . watson you really feel it 's that urgent ? holme I do . the sooner we solve the case , the sooner we can get rid of she . watson oh . he pick up the cup of tea with the sedative in it , carry it toward the door of he bedroom . dissolve to : 51 . ext . baker STREET - dawn the street lamp be still light . a policeman , on patrol duty , be strolling along the sidewalk , swinging he truncheon . suddenly he see something up ahead . alarm , he duck into the doorway of a building , flatten himself against the door . from the opposite direction come a horse - draw water - sprinkle wagon . the spray cover the sidewalk as well as the street . the policeman wait till the wagon be past , then step out of the doorway relieved , resume he patrol . int . live room - 221b baker STREET - dawn Watson be asleep on the couch , cover with a blanket . he do not look as if he be in a very comfortable position . int . holme ' bedroom - dawn holme , in a dress gown , be stand by the window , study the square of cardboard with the green smudge on it . his bed have not be sleep in . int . watson' bedroom - dawn gabrielle be asleep in Watson 's bed . the door open slowly , and holme look in . he study the sleep gabrielle for a moment , then quietly pull the door shut . as the latch click into place , gabrielle awake and sit up in bed , she back to camera . she be nude . gabrielle emile ? she start to get out of bed . int . holme ' bedroom - dawn holme be back in he room , once more examine the cardboard by the light of the window . the door of Watson 's bedroom open , and gabrielle come out . 52 . gabrielle emile ? holme look up as gabrielle appear in the open doorway . gabrielle emile ? be that you , emile ? holme ( step into shadow ) yes , gabrielle . gabrielle ( hurry toward he ) ah , emile . I think I would never find you . ( embrace he ) hold I . hold I tight . ( holme put he arm around she ) it 's be such a long time . so many night . you know what I do before I leave Brussels ? holme what ? gabrielle I hope you will not be angry with I . I buy myself a expensive negligee . holme do you ? gabrielle ( move toward bed ) a pink negligee with maribou feather . do not you think that 's a foolish thing for a marry woman ? ( she get into bed , beckon to he ) come . holme where be the negligee ? gabrielle in my luggage ... come here . 53. holme ( move toward she ) and where be you luggage ? gabrielle ( impatiently ) I do not know . come , my love . come . please . as she extend she right hand to he , in a beckone gesture , holme notice something on the palm . he take she hand in he . there , in the same green ink as the smudge on the cardboard , be what appear the be the letter " I " , " o " , and Greek " E " . cross to the wash - stand , he pick up he magnify shave mirror , return to the bed , hold it up against the palm of gabrielle 's hand . gabrielle what be it , emile ? what be you do ? clearly reflect in the mirror be the reverse image of the lettering on gabrielle 's palm -- the number " 301 " . dissolve to : int . live room - 221b baker STREET - day the table be set for breakfast , and Mrs. Hudson be open the curtain , flooding the room with sunlight . then she move over to the couch , where Watson be sleep in a awkward position . mrs . hudson Dr. Watson ! ( she clap she hand and he wake up ) you porridge be get lumpy . have not you better get up ? Watson try to rise , fall back with a moan . watson I would like to very much . but -- ( he turn over on he stomach ) Mrs. Hudson , would you mind plant you knee in the small of my back ? 54 . mrs . hudson yes , I would . watson please ! I be in excruciate pain . Mrs. Hudson tentatively rest she knee on Watson 's back . watson a bit higher -- just below my seventh vertebra -- ( Mrs. Hudson follow instruction ) that 's good . put you arm under mine -- fold they behind my neck -- Mrs. Hudson press down harder , and there be a distinct snap . watson bless you . ( he rise , rub he neck ) that damn couch . ( crossing to table ) you would better see if we patient be awake . he seat himself at the table . Mrs. Hudson cross to the door of Watson 's bedroom , open it , start inside , then stop . mrs . hudson Dr. Watson . she 's go . watson go ? he jump up from the table , join Mrs. Hudson , look past she . the bed be empty . gabrielle 's clothes be in evidence , but there be no sign of she . Watson stride towards holme ' bedroom . watson holme ! holme ! she 's go ! he throw the door open , be about to step inside when he see something that make he freeze . 55 . int . holme ' bedroom - day gabrielle be asleep in holme ' bed , cover by just a sheet , and obviously naked underneath . holme be not in the room . Mrs. Hudson come up behind Watson , in the open doorway , peer over he shoulder . mrs . hudson ( scandalize ) well , I never ! there be the sound of the hall door open , and they both turn . int . live room - day holme breeze in , carry a large suitcase , with leather strap around it . tucked under the strap be a white parasol . and attach to the handle of the suitcase be a cardboard tag with the number 301 on it , in green . holme ( inhale deeply ) mmmmm . I smell porridge . lumpy as usual , I suppose . he set the suitcase down on the couch , as Watson and Mrs. Hudson approach . watson oh , there you be , holme . we be just wonder -- how -- ( point from he bedroom to holme ' ) mrs . hudson ( sternly ) we certainly be . holme Mrs. Hudson , why do not you go down to the kitchen -- get a towel -- and wipe that look of disapproval off you face . 56 . mrs . hudson liberty -- in my house ! she exit huffily . watson you can not really blame she -- I mean , the way it look -- if I do not know you better , I might suspect you would take advantage of the young lady . holme as a matter of fact , I do take advantage of she ... would you hand I the butter - knife , please ? watson of course . he pick up the butter - knife from the table , suddenly turn back with a delay reaction . watson you do what ? holme ( take butter - knife from he ) thank you . he start to pry open the lock of the suitcase with the butter-knife . watson ( spluttering ) holme , this be reprehensible ! where be you professional ethic ? have you no sense of decency , no shame -- holme none whatsoever . if you must know , I find she body quite reward . watson you cad ! holme especially the palm of she right hand . 57 . watson I would rather not hear about it ! holme very well . then I will not bother to tell you how I trace she suitcase . watson that 's she suitcase ? holme remember that piece of soggy cardboard with we address on it ? it be a luggage ticket -- the number rubbed off on she hand . and since she must have arrive from Brussels by the boat train , I conclude that she have check she belonging at Victoria Station . watson by jove ! if you be right , we should find a clue to she identity . holme have now force open the lock . holme or at least a pink negligee with maribou feather . he open the suitcase , lift out the top piece of clothing , hold it up -- a pink negligee with maribou feather . holme voila ! watson let 's see - what else be in here ? they start sorting through the clothes in the suitcase . holme remove a tie bundle of letter . holme now we be get somewhere . as he examine the envelope , Watson take out a frame photo of a rather attractive man of fifty . watson who do you suppose this be ? 58 . gabrielle appear from holme ' bedroom wear holme ' dress gown . she be unsteady on she foot and somewhat daze . holme look up . holme come in , Madame valladon . ( gabrielle stop ) you be gabrielle valladon . gabrielle yes . holme ( hold up photo ) and this be you husband , emile valladon ? gabrielle yes . her eye fall on the open suitcase . holme sorry to have ransacke you valise . but since you come to we for help -- gabrielle where be I ? watson 221b Baker Street . gabrielle oh , yes ... ( a beat , as she orient herself ) which of you be Mr. holme and which be Dr. Watson ? holme Dr. Watson be the handsome one . Watson , pleased , twirl the end of he mustache . gabrielle sway slightly . holme that 's the way he affect most woman . he help she into a chair . 59 . watson ( to gabrielle ) coffee . you want strong coffee . he hurry over to the breakfast table . gabrielle it 's all so confusing . holme let 's try to sort it out . you come to London look for you husband ... gabrielle yes . he 's a mining engineer . we be marry five year ago , in the congo . holme where you husband be work in a copper mine . gabrielle how do you know ? holme you wedding ring -- it 's make of copper . he pick it up from the chemistry table , hand it to she . gabrielle start to put it on . gabrielle last year he invent a new kind of air pump , and be hire by a English company , jonah Limited . watson ( hand she cup of of coffee ) here you be . holme jonah Limited . go on . gabrielle we have be write to each other regularly . then suddenly , three week ago , he letter stop . I keep write ... but no answer . finally I decide to go to that address -- 60 . she indicate the bundle of letter . holme glance at the return address on the back of the envelope . holme 32 ashdown Street . gabrielle yes . it 's just a empty store -- nobody there . then I try to find jonah Limited . no such company exist . watson how decidedly odd . holme Madame valladon , can you think of any reason why you husband should have lie to you about these thing ? gabrielle emile ? never . he love I -- and I love he . holme so I gather . gabrielle I go to the police -- they say they would send out a miss person report -- but they do not sound too encourage . then I go to the belgian embassy and explain the situation to they -- and they suggest that I consult you ... watson you could have do worse . gabrielle I be on my way here -- and suddenly there be footstep behind I -- and a hand over my mouth -- and the smell of choloroform -- and the next thing I know I be in the water -- and then a man be wrapping I in a blanket -- holme Madame valladon , somebody try to kill you last night . do you have any idea who could have do it ? 61 . gabrielle I do not understand any of it . ( rise , go to holme ) what do it all mean , Mr. holme ? where be my husband ? you must help I find he . watson we will do we best , I assure you . holme Madame valladon , I want you to send one more letter to you husband . he cross to the desk , pick up a sheet of paper and a envelope , then lead gabrielle over to the chair with the write arm , seat she in it . holme to emile valladon -- ashdown Street -- what be that number ? gabrielle ( address envelope ) 32 . what do you want I to say in the letter ? holme nothing . he fold the blank sheet of paper , and as gabrielle finish address the envelope , he insert the paper in it , start to seal it . watson you be send a empty sheet of paper to a empty shop ? holme that empty shop be obviously be use as a accomodation address , or letter - drop . but what get drop must be pick up . the question be how ? -- and by whom ? -- and why ? dissolve to : 62 . ext . ashdown STREET - day this be a run-down district in the northwestern part of London . on the corner be no. 32 -- a dilapidate abandon shop , with window paint halfway up . as camera approach the building , we hear saw from inside . int . empty shop - day it be dusty , cobwebby , quite forbid . in the rear wall be a close slide door , indent about a foot into the shop . nearby stand a large , square object , cover with a tarpaulin . High up in the rear wall be a slant skylight , fitte with a iron grill . from outside , holme , in deerstalker and inverness , can be see saw through the iron bar . Watson and gabrielle be beside he . holme Hammer ... chisel . Watson hand he the indicate tool . holme chip away the cement from the top and bottom of the last bar , then use it as a hinge , swing the grill open . he let himself through the skylight , drop to the floor . Watson now help gabrielle through the skylight , lower she toward holme , who put he arm around she waist , ease she to the floor . for a brief moment he keep he arm around she . Watson have now squeeze through the skylight . watson here ! he hand the tool to holme , jump to the floor . gabrielle be look around the shop . gabrielle it 's so strange to think I have be write to a place like this all this month . Watson cross to the square tarpaulin-covered object . he lift up one corner of the tarp -- and be greet by a loud twitter of bird . 63. what he have uncover be a large cage -- and about a hundred canary , suddenly disturb , be flap around unside . watson look at all this canary . do you suppose this could have be a pet shop ? holme maybe. ( point off ) here come we letter . through the front window , the silhouette of a postman can be see approach . he drop a letter through the slot in the front door , move on . the letter land on a section of floor which be solidly cover with dust -- except for a series of double track , run to the door and curving back . holme now we be face with the most nerve - wrack part of the detective 's job -- do nothing . he reassemble the three tool , fitting each section into another , to form a cane . gabrielle Mr. holme -- holme yes ? gabrielle I do not know how I be go to pay you for all this . the purse with my money be somewhere at the bottom of the Thames . holme it could be worse . you could be at the bottom of the Thames -- much to you discomfort -- and much to my chagrin . watson I do not understand how anybody pick up letter here . ( point ) no footprint -- just track . what do it mean ? 64 . holme I would surmise somebody be use ice - skate -- if it be not for a conspicuous absence of ice . they become aware of a squeaking noise outside the rear of the shop , grow louder as it get nearer . the noise stop , there be the sound of a lock turn , then the rattle of a chain . watson ( in a frantic whisper ) what do we do now ? holme ( unfaze ) this way . he lead gabrielle and Watson toward the rear wall , right next to the door . they flatten themselves with they back to the wall , just as the door slide open -- conceal they from view . revealed be the mews behind the shop . in the door be a old biddy with straggly hair , sit in a wheelchair . in she lap be a bulky paper bag and a tin pitcher fill with water . as she wheel herself inside , the unoile wheelchair squeak loudly . she stop in front of the cage , pull on a rope which run through a pulley in the ceiling -- and the tarpaulin rise into the air , expose the canary . woman in wheelchair ( address bird ) good morning , my pretty . here 's mum with you breakfast . do you think I would forget you ? she pour grain from the paper bag into a feeder hang inside the cage , pour water from the pitcher into a trough . woman in wheelchair some of you will be go on a little trip soon -- I hate to lose you -- but even a old woman have to live . although you might well ask , why ? she cackle to herself , glance toward the front door . 65 . woman in wheelchair oh . you never tell I we have a letter . she start to wheel herself toward the front of the shop . through a crack in the door behind which we three be hide , we see holme ' eye watch she . the old woman reach the letter , pick it up , study the address . then she hear something , glance toward the open rear door . a horse -drawn wagon with a canvas top be just pull into the mews . two carter jump down from the driver 's seat , and one of they take a small bird - cage from the back of the wagon . as they start in through the door , the old woman drop the letter into she lap , wheel herself toward they . first carter Morning , duchess . woman in wheelchair Morning . second carter what have you be do with yourself ? woman in wheelchair what do you think ? take dance lesson . ( she stop in front of the cage ) how many do you want this time ? first carter two dozen . he open the door of the small cage , the bottom of which be cover with newspaper , start transfer canary into it from the large cage . woman in wheelchair what be they do with all that canary ? what 's go on up there ? second carter look , duchess , we do not know -- and we do not want to know . 66 . first carter when you work for jonah , it 's better not to ask question . through the crack in the door behind which he be hide , we see holme ' eye study the small bird cage , as the canary be be transfer into it . we move in close on the small cage , and see the soile newspaper spread on the bottom . the masthead read : inverness courier . first carter ( count as he transfer canary ) ... twenty - two , twenty - three , twenty - four . he close the door of the cage , pick up the small cage . his companion indicate the letter in the woman 's lap . second carter how about that letter ? do that go , too ? woman in wheelchair no . that 's go to be pick up in person . she chuckle . the carrier exit into the mews , stash the cage in the back of the wagon , mount the driver 's seat . woman in wheelchair ( to bird ) all right , my pretty . back to sleep you go . see you tomorrow . she pull the rope and the tarpaulin drop back over the cage . then she deposit the letter on top of the cover cage , wheel herself out the rear door . as she slide it shut from outside , we trio be reveal in they hide place behind the door . there be the sound of the chain rattling , the lock snap , and the squeaky wheel move off . watson ( a sigh of relief ) I really think we be do for . 67 . holme ( casually ) the art of concealment , my dear Watson , be merely a matter of be in the right place at the right time . they step forward , and through the paint shop window watch the old woman wheel herself down the street . gabrielle do you hear what she say ? you really think emile be go to pick up the letter himself ? holme it certainly would simplify thing , would not it ? watson ( shaking he head ) maildrop and canary and wheelchair ... and what be all that about jonah ? and what do you suppose they be do up there ? and where be up there ? holme my guess would be Scotland . inverness , to be more precise . watson inverness ? holme do not you notice the paper at the bottom of they cage ? the inverness courier . gabrielle glance casually at the letter the old woman leave lie on top of the cage , and she expression change . gabrielle Mr. holme ! this letter -- ( she pick it up ) holme what about it ? gabrielle ( hold it out to he ) it 's address to you . 68 . holme take the letter , examine the envelope . it be indeed address to he . holme nevertheless -- with the see - end of he cane , he slit the envelope open , remove the enclosure , unfold it . we see the letter in he hand as he read it out loud . the letterhead say : diogene club , St. James 's , London . holme ( read ) my dear sherlock : I expect you and Dr. Watson to join I at the club immediately upon reciept of this note . accord to my calculation , that should be at 11:40 a.m . you brother , mycroft . ( look up ) what time do you make it , Watson ? watson ( consulting watch ) 11:43 . holme either you watch be wrong , or mycroft have miscalculate . and know mycroft , I suggest you reset you watch . Watson automatcially obey . dissolve to : ext . diogene club - day holme , cane in hand , and Watson be swiftly ascend the step of a building with a impose palladian facade . beside the entrance be a discreet sign read : diogene club . member only . as they reach the top of the step , Watson stop holme . watson I do not mind tell you I be a bit apprehensive about this . 69 . holme I be rather curious myself as to what be go on in that machiavellian mind of he . watson I do not mean mycroft , I mean Madame valladon . holme do not worry . she 's perfectly safe with Mrs. Hudson . he open the door and they start in . int . lobby - diogene club - day dominate the lobby be a large statue of Queen Victoria . preside over the reception desk be a uniform porter of military bear , with one arm and a chest full of campaign ribbon . holme and Watson stride in . holme ( to porter ) to see Mr. mycroft holme . porter right you be . he 's expect you in the upstairs study . now if you gentleman will sign in -- ( open leather - bound register , turn it toward they ) surname , Christian name , address , nature of business -- he hold out the pen to they , but they be go . he look around in consternation , see they hurry up the majestic staircase , step out from behind he desk . porter gentlemen ...! reading room - diogene club - day a huge room , with more marble than a mausoleum , and just about as lively . 70 . a dozen elderly establishment type be sink deep in the leather armchair , bury behind they copy of the Times . holme and Watson be proceeding toward the study . suddenly holme stop beside one of the old fossil , who have fall asleep in he chair , the Times in he lap , and between he finger a light cigar with a ash four inch long . holme pick up a ashtray , hold it under the cigar -- just in time to catch the fall ash . as he replace the ashtray , he scrutinize the ash . holme jamaican , no doubt -- either tropical or golosina -- I be not quite sure . he and Watson continue toward the study door . int . study - diogene club - day it be a very elegant room -- shelf of leather - bound volume reach to the high ceiling , there be antique terrestrial and celestial glove , scientific instrument in polished brass , marble bust of English statesman . mycroft holme be stand at a refectory table , with he back to the door , engage in a curious operation . a dusty bottle of wine be hold in a ingeniously engineered cradle . as he turn the crank , the bottle tilt forward gently , and he decant the wine into three glass without disturbing the sediment . mycroft be a impressive figure of a man , seven year older than sherlock , impeccably dress . behind he snobbish air and banter manner , one sense tremendous reserve of strength and authority . the door open , and holme and Watson enter . mycroft ( without turn ) come in , come in , sherlock -- Dr. Watson ... sit down . ( holme and Watson seat themselves ) you be look very fit , both of you . watson thank you . 71 . holme ( put down hat and cane ) and how be you , mycroft ? how 's you gout ? mycroft under control . except for the occasional twinge . he bring over two of the glass of wine to holme and Watson . mycroft I have a treat for you -- a very old madeira -- 1814 . there be only six bottle leave in the world . I have two of they , and be negotiate for a third . watson if you do not mind my say so , anybody who 's susceptible to gout should not be -- mycroft have move back to the table and pick up he glass of madeira . mycroft the last doctor who warn I about that be crossing Piccadilly , slip on a orange peel , and be run over by a delivery van from the fortnum and mason . you very good health . he and Watson sip they drink , but not holme . holme why be you waste this precious stuff on we ? mycroft well , I see you so rarely . how long have it be ? not since the case of the Greek interpreter . ( to Watson ) be not it ridiculous ? two brother live in the same town ... holme in the same town , perhaps -- but not the same world . 72 . watson ( take another sip ) mmmm. superb . how old do you say it be ? mycroft 1814 . one year before waterloo . watson one year before waterloo ? think of that . mycroft you do know where waterloo be , do not you , Doctor ? watson Belgium , be not it ? mycroft quite. ( turn to holme ) and speak of Belgium , it have come to my attention that you be interested in the whereabouts of a certain engineer . holme yes , I be . mycroft well , I can save you a lot of trouble . holme I would be grateful for any suggestion -- mycroft my suggestion be that you pursue it no further . holme any particular reason ? mycroft because it involve the national security . we be handle this matter ourselves . watson we ? who 's we ? 73. holme the diogene Club , of course . mycroft I do not say that . holme I have always suspect that there be some underground connection between this stodgy and seemingly calcify establishment and the foreign Office in whitehall . mycroft that 's neither here nor there . holme it seem to I that the diogene Club be here , there and everywhere . when there be rumbling of revolt in the Sudan , a expedition subsidize by you club conveniently show up to study the source of the Nile . when there be trouble along the indian frontier , some of you fellow member pop up in the himalayas , alledgedly look for the abominable snowman . a young man in morning coat and stripe trousers come in , hold a telegram . mycroft cross to he . mycroft ( to Watson ) what a fertile imagination my brother have . at the age of five , by carefully observe a neighbor 's house , he deduce that baby be bring not by the stork , but by the mid-wife in she satchel . watson as good a explanation as any . mycroft have take the telegram , and be come forward with it . the young man clear he throat . mycroft yes , wiggins ? 74 . young man a immediate answer be request , sir . mycroft insert a monocle in he eye , open the telegram , move toward the desk read it . mycroft tell they that the three box go to glennahurich , and the red runner go to the castle . young man the three box to glennahurich , the red runner to the castle . very good , sir . he exit . holme glance toward the telegram as mycroft put it down on he desk . catch he look , mycroft turn he telegram face - down , let the monocle drop from he eye . holme why do not you crumple it up and swallow it -- to make sure . mycroft my dear sherlock , there be certain affair that do not come within the province of the private detective . they have to be deal with on a altogether different level . holme in other word , you want I to stay within my limit . mycroft I do indeed . holme speak of limit , what exactly be jonah Limited ? mycroft sherlock , when I say drop this case , it be not merely a suggestion -- it be a order ! holme by whose authority ? 75 . mycroft by the authority of her majesty 's government . I hope I have make myself clear . watson perfectly . in he nervousness he drop he bowler , which roll along the floor . mycroft now if you will excuse I , gentleman -- watson Goodbye , sir . holme a pleasure , as always . he and Watson retrieve they hat , move toward the door . mycroft ( to holme ) just a minute . ( pick up holme ' cane ) you forget you tool - kit . he toss the cane to holme , who catch it . dissolve to : ext . baker STREET - day holme and Watson be walk toward 221b . holme be whistling ' Loch lomond . ' watson you will be gentle , will not you , when you tell she you be drop the case ? holme Watson , what do the word glennahurich suggest to you ? watson absolutely nothing . 76 . holme it 's Scottish . watson be it ? holme and like all Scottish name , it 's really a word picture . Glen mean valley , to mean of the , and hurich , if memory serve I , mean yew tree . watson you be just try to impress I . holme so the three box go to the Valley of the yew Tree . he resume whistling . they start to cross the street , skirt a park hansom . feed the horse be the same cabbie who fished gabrielle out of the river , and in the passenger seat be von tirpitz , the craggy - face prussian we see before . he stare fixedly after holme and Watson . holme and Watson come up to the door of 221b , and Watson fish he key out . holme be still whistling . watson ( sing along ) and I will be in Scotland before ye ... ( break off , look at holme apprehensively ) you be drop the case , be not you , holme ? holme open the door . Watson turn the key in the lock , start to open the door , but be stop by a chain on the inside . through the open a revolver appear , aim at they point - blank . holme do not shoot , Mrs. Hudson -- you be liable to lose two excellent tenant . 77 . int . downstair - 221b baker steet - day Mrs. Hudson withdraw the gun , unhook the chain . she be also hold a embroidery hoop . she open the door , and holme and Watson step into the vestibule . mrs . hudson oh , at last . it 's be a ghastly experience . watson why ? what happen ? mrs . hudson do you ever try do embroidery with a gun in you hand ? holme ( take gun from she ) you will be relieved to know it be not load . he start up the stair , follow by Watson . watson holme , you do not answer my question . be you plan to disobey mycroft 's order ? he 's not just you brother , you know . you would be defy her majesty 's government ... no reaction from holme . as they reach the landing , gabrielle be wait for they in the open doorway of they flat . gabrielle any news ? do you find out anything ? int . live room - 221b baker STREET - day holme and Watson step inside . holme let 's just say I know what the next step will be . 78 . gabrielle ( anxious ) yes ? holme I want you to pack you thing . gabrielle where be we go ? watson holme , let I caution you --- holme have put the gun down , and be crossing to one of the book -shelve . holme ( to gabrielle ) at 7:30 this evening , Dr. Watson and I be go to take you to Victoria Station , and put you on the boat-train . gabrielle the boat-train ? watson well , that 's better . holme have take a railway guide from the shelf and be consulting it . gabrielle you be send I back to Brussels ? be that it ? watson Madame valladon , you must understand ... gabrielle ( to holme , agitate ) I come here to find my husband -- you be go to help I -- watson yes , my dear . but circumstance have change -- gabrielle the great detective ! well , maybe this case be too small for you -- 79 . watson on the contrary . it 's be handle at a much higher level -- gabrielle well , I will not go back to Brussels . maybe you be give up , but I be not . ( tear welling up in she eye ) I be go to go on look for he . and nobody 's go to stop I -- even if they try to kill I . holme ( look up from railway guide ) be you quite finish ? if you recall , what I say be that we be go to put you on the boat-train -- I do not say you be go to stay on it . watson she 's not ? holme at 7:30 , Mr. holme and Dr. Watson will be see wave goodbye to Madame valladon at Victoria Station . at eight -twelve , Mr. and Mrs. ashdown accompany by they valet John -- ( a glance at Watson ) -- will appear at euston Station , and board the highland Express to inverness . watson Mr. and Mrs .... ? gabrielle ( move toward holme ) thank you . I be sorry for what I say . ( kiss he on cheek ) holme that 's not necessary . gabrielle ( smile through tear ) I will go and pack . she hurry off toward Watson 's room . 80 . watson ( acidly ) maybe I should do it , since I be the valet . holme replace the railway guide on the shelf . watson holme , what exactly be you up to ? holme as you like to put it in you chronicle , the game be afoot . watson but what game ? be you really that interested in the belgian engineer ? without answer , holme head for he bedroom . watson or the wife of the belgian engineer ? holme , by this time in he bedroom , shut the door . gabrielle reappear from the other bedroom , carry a glove . gabrielle you do not like I very much , do you ? she move toward the couch . watson nothing of the sort . quite the opposite ... but there 's more to this case than meet the eye -- by this time gabrielle have pick up she parasol from the couch , and be obviously search about . watson look for something ? gabrielle my other glove . watson let I help you . 81 . he peer under the couch . gabrielle move toward the window , shake the parasol , open it a few time . watson here it be . he come up from under the couch with the miss glove . gabrielle thank you . she slowly start to shut the parasol . ext . baker STREET - day through the upstairs window of 221b we see gabrielle shutting the parasol . camera pull back to include the hansom park across the street , and von tirpitz watch . he signal to the cabbie , who be back on he perch . the cabbie flick he whip , and the hansom take off down the street . dissolve to : ext . countryside - night the highland Express be speed northward through the moonlit landscape , its steam whistle hoot mournfully . int . sleeping compartment - night the upper and lower berth have be make up in the small , gaslit compartment . gabrielle 's dress be on a hanger , but there be no sign of she at the moment . holme be just pull a night - shirt over he head . holme all right . you can look now . gabrielle 's head appear from under the cover of the lower berth . gabrielle be I embarrassing you , Mr. holme ? 82. holme not at all . would it surprise you if I tell you I once spend the night with 121 woman ? gabrielle oh ? holme on a very interesting case -- in a harem in constantinople . he start to climb up the ladder to the upper berth . int . third CLASS carriage - night there be the normal complement of passenger , man , woman and child , of the middle and lower class . the only unusual occupant be a group of seven monk , in brown habit and cowl . Watson , in valet 's livery , come down the aisle , proceed toward a window - seat where he have leave he umbrella and bowler . the resf of the bench be occupy by monk , as be the face bench . as Watson try to squeeze between they , he step on the foot of one of the monk . watson sorry , father -- I mean , friar -- or be it abbot ? there be no answer from the monk . Watson pick up he bowler , settles himself in he seat , start to fan himself with he hat . he turn sociably to the monk beside he , who be absorb in he Bible . watson go to Scotland , you gentleman ? so be we ... as he fan himself the ear-piece of he stethoscope , which be coiled inside the crown of he bowler , dangle down . he quickly shove they back inside . watson I be a valet . my master and mistress and I be we way to inverness . ever be there ? beautiful country . 83. the monk look up from he Bible , point to he lip , shake he head . watson oh , forgive I . you must be one of that order that 's take the vow of silence . trappists , I believe you be call . the monk do not answer . Watson turn away , look out the window -- but there 's nothing to be see . then he fold , bored . he glance casually at the Bible in the monk 's hand . the good Book be open to a page head : jonah . watson I see you be read the book of jonah . funny - we be just talk about johan this morning ... ( realize the hopelessness of the conversation , break off ) never mind . he pull down the shade , close he eye , try to compose himself into sleep . int . sleeping compartment - night holme be stretch out in the upper berth , which be in darkness . in the lower , gabrielle be propped up against a pillow , read a magazine by the light of a gas lamp . other magazine be scattered across she blanket . gabrielle woman be never to be trust entirely -- not the best of they . holme raise himself on he elbow , glance down over the edge of he berth . holme what do you say ? gabrielle I do not say it -- you do . accord to Dr. Watson . 84 . holme oh . gabrielle he give I some back issue of strand Magazine . holme the good doctor be constantly put word into my mouth . gabrielle then you deny it ? holme not at all . I be not a whole - heart admirer of womankind . gabrielle I be not very fond of they myself . holme the most affectionate woman I ever know be a murderess . gabrielle oh ? holme it be one of that passionate affair -- at odd hour -- right in my laboratory . and all the time , behind my back , she be steal cyanide to sprinkle on she husband 's steak and kidney pie . gabrielle you must not judge all woman by -- holme of course not . only the one I be involved with . and I do not just mean professionally -- kleptomaniacs , nymphomaniacs , pyromaniacs . take my fiancee , for instance -- gabrielle you fiancee ? 85 . holme she be the daughter of my violin teacher -- we be engage to be marry -- the invitation be out , I be be fitte for a tail - coat -- and twenty - four hour before the wedding , she die of influenza . gabrielle I be sorry . holme it just prove my contention that woman be unreliable and not to be trust . ( a beat ) good night , Mrs. ashdown . he pull the curtain across he berth . gabrielle good night , Mr. ashdown . she close she curtain , as the train whistle sound . int . third CLASS carriage - night most of the passenger in the car have fall asleep , in various uncomfortable position , include Watson . the monk beside Watson look at he , to make sure he 's out , then rise and move toward a monk seat apart from the other . monk ( in a whisper ) die spur fuehrt nach inverness . die steigen dort aus . dort muessen wir ihn find -- de valladon ! the other monk look up . under the cowl we recognize the face of von tirpitz . dissolve to : 86 . ext . inverness station - day the highland Express be pull out of the station . as the last car disappear , and the steam clear from the track , we see holme , gabrielle and Watson on the platform . a baggageman be load they luggage on a hand - cart , under Watson 's supervision . watson let 's see -- two , three , four -- gabrielle remove she parasol , which have be insert under the strap of she suitcase . gabrielle I will take that . holme ( to baggageman ) how do you get to glennahurich ? how far be it ? baggageman glennahurich ? watson you know -- a valley -- with a yew tree ... ? gabrielle casually open she parasol . baggageman it 's about a mile out of town . ( a beat ) why would you be want to go there ? watson well , if it 's get a view , it might be a nice place for a picnic . baggageman it 's get a view , right enough -- but it 's no place for a picnic . holme why not ? baggageman because it 's a cemetary . 87 . gabrielle look at holme . camera pan up toward a iron footbridge , span the railway track . move across it in single file be the seven cowl trappist monk , with von tirpitz in the lead . dissolve to : ext . glennahurich cemetary - day under a leaden sky , the yew tree which give the place its name brood over ancient gravestone . holme , gabrielle and Watson come down a overgrown path , stop and look off . a rather meagre funeral procession be move along the avenue which run between the row of grave . it consist of one normal - size pine coffin and two smaller one , load on a cart which be be wheeled by a couple of workmen . bring up behind be a minister , with a open prayer book in he hand . watson ( a note of excitement ) the three box . be that it , holme ? holme I would think so . gabrielle the two small one -- they must be child 's coffin . holme start to cut across between the grave , gabrielle and Watson follow . at the grave-site , the workmen be remove the coffin from the cart . there be one large grave , two smaller one . a couple of grave - digger stand by respectfully , cap in hand . holme , gabrielle and Watson come up behind a nearby headstone , stop and watch . at the grave-site , the minister be finish the service . minister ... earth to earth , ash to ash , dust to dust . 88. in sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life through we Lord , Jesus Christ . amen . the workmen trundle the cart off , the minister follow . the grave - digger don they cap , pick up they shovel . from they vantage point , holme , gabrielle and Watson be watch . gabrielle it 's so sad . holme sad -- and rather odd . there be no flower -- and no mourner . the grave - digger have finish fill in the grave when holme , gabrielle and Watson come up . holme Morning . grave-digger ( look up ) Morning . holme work you hard , dad ? grave -digger not really . this be healthy country . sometimes you sit around for week with nothing to do . then you get three in one day . holme what happen ? grave -digger a accident . aye . Father and two son , they say -- they be find float in the loch . holme local people ? grave -digger no . nobody around here know they . the story be that they boat capsize in a swell -- but I do not believe it . 89 . holme what do you believe ? grave -digger you may think I be a old fool or a old drunk -- but I have live around Loch ness all my life ... watson be you try to tell we it be the monster ? grave-digger damn right . maclarnin see the kid ' face when they be pull out of the water -- look like old man -- must have die of fright . watson incredible . grave -digger be it ? last Easter Sunday my wife and I , we be on we way to service , when suddenly ... but what 's the use ? he pick up a white - wash wooden cross , plant it at the head of the grave . the other grave - digger have insert smaller cross into the other two mound of earth . holme ( take some coin out of he pocket ) here you be , dad. ( hand they to the grave - digger ) grave-digger thank you ... you look like nice people . if you be want a holiday in Scotland , go to Loch lomond , go to Holy Loch -- but stay away from Loch ness . he and he partner shoulder they shovel , move off . watson ( snort ) to think that people still believe in that nonsense . here we be , live in the nineteenth century -- 90 . gabrielle I be ashamed to admit it -- but I be relieved when he mention a father and two boy . it could possibly have anything to do with emile . holme it would appear not . watson however , there still remain the clue of the castle and the red runner -- wherever it may be . they be about to get under way when suddenly holme stop they . come down the avenue toward they be four small boy , in knickerbocker and cap , carry bouquet of flower . without a word , holme draw gabrielle and Watson back to they hide place , behind the headstone . the four boy approach the freshly - fill grave . they remove they cap , lay they flower on each of the two small grave , then kneel down and bow they head in prayer . from they position behind the headstone , holme , Watson and gabrielle be watch the four boy , who have they back to they . watson if they be unidentified grave , why be that boy bring flower ? holme because it 's they brother who have just be bury . watson they brother ? holme and they be not boy . they be as tall as they will ever grow . Hand I some pebble , will you ? watson pebbles . 91 . he pick some up from the ground , hand they to holme , who toss they in the direction of the grave . the pebble strike a granite cross . at the sound , the four boy simultaneously turn they head over they shoulder . despite they slight body they have the feature of mature man . gabrielle and Watson react to the sight . gabrielle they be -- how do you say it in English ? -- nain . watson midget . holme ( nodd ) boy with the face of old man ... watson I still do not see -- holme would it help if I tell you they be acrobat ? watson not at all . holme do you remember a tumble act -- six brother -- miss from the circus ? watson oh , yes -- that case you turn down -- I completely forget . holme some of we be curse with memory like flypaper . and stick there be a staggering of miscellaneous date , mostly useless . the four midget have now rise , and put on they cap , move off down the avenue . holme , gabrielle and Watson emerge from they place of concealment . 92 . gabrielle ( worriedly ) Mr. holme , be that be not child , then -- ? holme quite . the question now be -- who 's in the third grave ? CUT to : ext . glennahurich cemetary - night the point of a crowbar dig under the edge of a coffin lid , which start to give with a squealing protest of nail . camera pull back to reveal holme , stand in the large grave , from which the earth have be remove . kneel beside the grave , watch anxiously , be gabrielle and Watson , the latter hold a bullseye lantern . holme pries the lid open , disclose the corpse of a middle - age man . his arm be fold across he chest , and on the third finger of he leave hand be a wedding ring similar to gabrielle 's . from the picture of he we have see earlier , we recognize the face as that of emile valladon . gabrielle let out a pierce scream , collapse in a faint . Watson catch she . watson holme ! she 's faint . holme ( preoccupy ) Hand I that lantern . Watson pass down the lantern , and holme slowly shine the beam along the length of the coffin . watson it be valladon , be not it ? holme obviously . what be not so obvious be why he wedding ring have turn green -- 93. the lantern beam now reveal that laid out at valladon 's foot be three canary -- they plumage bleach a grey - white color . holme -- and why there be three dead canary in the coffin . White canary . dissolve to : ext . caledonian HOTEL - dawn a open carriage be proceeding along the driveway toward the hotel , scatting a flock of sheep graze nearby . Watson be sit beside the coachman . holme and gabrielle be in the passenger seat , they luggage be strapped to the back . through the tree which line the road we glimpse Loch ness , which be partly obscure by a low -ly mist . the carriage pull up in front of the hotel , which be identify by a sign above the entrance , and holme , Watson and gabrielle get out . close shot - HOTEL register holme ' hand be write : Mr. and Mrs. ashdown and valet , London . int . HOTEL room - dawn the manager , in kilt , be just open the curtain -- disclose a view of the mist - shroud lake through the window . the room be on the second floor , and be furnish in a style which have be describe as scotch baronial -- twin bed with a night - table between they , wardrobe , chiffonier , desk , a couple of chair , and several mount stag ' head . holme and gabrielle be in the room , Watson be bring they bag through the door . 94 . manager you have a lovely view of the loch from here -- as soon as the morning mist roll away . ( cross to desk , pick up guide book ) if you have a mind to do any sight - see , here 's a guide to the local point of interest . holme thank you . the manager start toward the door , nodd to Watson . manager this way , please . I will show you to you room . Watson pick up he suitcase , follow he . int . HOTEL corridor - day the manager and Watson come out , the latter shutting the door . watson I suppose you be put I in the basement . manager no , you room be in the attic . watson good . manager it 's the privy that 's in the basement . Watson grunt as the manager lead he up a narrow flight of stair . int . HOTEL room - day holme remove he coat , turn to gabrielle . holme May I have you wedding ring , please ? 95 . gabrielle tearfully remove she ring , hand it to holme . from he vest pocket he now produce valladon 's ring -- the copper have a greenish tinge to it . he cross to the window , compare the two ring in the light . gabrielle sink down on the edge of one of the bed . holme just as I think . there be a distinct difference in color between you ring and you husband 's . ( a sob from gabrielle ) which lead I to believe that the cause of death be not drown ... ( gabrielle be now cry ) I wish you would stop that . ( crossing to she ) stop it ! gabrielle I be sorry . holme I know it 's not easy . but you must remember that we be that nice couple from London , on holiday in the highlands . gabrielle ( a final sniffle ) I will try . holme that 's much better . gabrielle thank you . she manage a tentative smile . holme look at she for a long moment , then -- holme ( gruffly ) now , if I may proceed without further interruption -- watson' voice ( from off ) Mr. ashdown ! 96 . int . HOTEL corridor - day Watson come dash down the narrow stair from the attic , race toward the door of holme ' room . watson Mr. ashdown ! he fling the door open . int . HOTEL room - day Watson burst in breathlessly . watson holme ! I see it ! I see it from the attic ! it 's out there in the lake ! holme you see what ? watson ( look around desperately ) the telescope . where 's the telescope ? holme what do you see ? watson the monster ! holme the monster ? Watson fish a small telescope out of holme ' suitcase , rush through the open french window to the balcony . ext . balcony - day Watson focus the telescope on the lake . loch ness through telescope - day through the swirl mist which cling to the surface of the lake , a shadowy figure with a long , monster - like neck can be see glide along . 97 . ext . balcony - day Watson almost drop the telescope in excitement . watson there it be ! there it be ! holme join he on the balcony . watson look for yourself . he hand the telescope to holme . gabrielle come up to the window behind they . holme train the telescope on the lake . watson see it ? see it ? loch ness - through telescope - day holme ' eye slowly scan the lake , but there be no sign of Watson 's monster -- just the roll mist . ext . balcony - day holme lower the telescope . holme I see nothing . watson nothing ? he grab the telescope from holme , look toward the lake . watson it 's go . holme go ? maybe it be never there . watson I swear to you -- I see it -- clear as anything -- 98 . holme Watson , as you so succinctly put it , we be live in the nineteenth century -- he step back into the room . int . HOTEL room - day Watson come halfway through the french window . watson maybe that grave - digger be right -- the swell , and the boat overturn -- holme monsieur valladon may have be find in the lake -- but he do not drow . he die of asphyxiation . gabrielle asphyxiation . holme ( hold up wedding ring ) there be only one substance that can turn a copper ring green and bleach the color out of canary -- chlorine gas . watson that may be . but the fact remain that I see something out there . holme a figment of you imagination . now let we be logical . the only concrete lead we have be the reference to the castle -- ( pick up guide book from desk , open it to map ) the question be , which castle ? watson you call yourself logical ? you be the least logical man I know . holme be I ? 99 . watson how can you say it 's a figment of my imagination , when for year you have be say I have no imagination whatsoever ! he look at holme almost triumphantly . CUT to : series of shot - day holme , gabrielle , and Watson bicycling away from the hotel . holme , in knickerbocker and a norfolk jacket , and gabrielle , hold she parasol , be on a tandem . Watson be behind they , on a bicycle with a picnic basket attach to the rack . he be in he valet 's outfit , with metal clip around he trouser cuff . the three of they bicycling past a long stone wall . they pedal up to a impose castle . holme dismount , knock on the front door . we trio bicycling through a copse of tree . they approach another castle . on a steep road , they ride through a flock of sheep . they be proceeding along a causeway , away from a third castle . CUT to : ext . lake shore - day holme and gabrielle be sit on a blanket , the content of the picnic basket spread before they , have lunch . Watson be pour the wine . they bicycle be rest nearby . watson we have so far investigate eight drafty castle -- have we bicycle attack by sheep and we ear assault by bagpipe -- and we be exactly where we start . 100 . holme ( to gabrielle ) would you like some cranberry sauce , dear ? gabrielle yes , dear . holme would you pass the cranberry sauce , please , John ? watson yes , dear . as he do so , he catch sight of something o.s. watson ( call ) I say there . good afternoon . remember I ? on the road above , approach a bridge which span the lake where it narrow into a stream , be the seven trappist monk , walk slowly in single file . Watson wave to they , but the monk pay no attention to he . watson ( to holme ) some chap I meet on the train . we have a long conversation -- or rather , I have a long conversation -- because they be not allow to talk -- trappists , you know . just study they bible . you will never guess what the one next to I be read -- the Book of jonah -- be not that odd ? holme ( look after the monk ) quite . as he turn back , he notice that gabrielle be manipulate she parasol in the air . holme what be it , dear ? what 's the matter ? 101 . gabrielle a bee . she continue to work the parasol , alternately open it and partially close it . on the bridge von tirpitz , who be at the rear of the file of monk , glance back toward the lakeshore . dissolve to : ext . urquhart castle - day on a promontory jutting into Loch ness stand the remain of a medieval fortress . around the Tower , the motte , and the ruin of the East wall , wooden scaffold have be erect , and a couple of dozen man be engage in what appear to be repair work . amidst the rubble of the nether Bailey , a encampment of tent have be set up . holme , gabrielle and Watson come bicycling up along a fence on the height overlook the castle , dismount in front of the lock gate . attach to the gatepost be a sign read : warning : no unauthorize person permitted Beyond this Point . watson well , I do not think we have to bother with this castle . it 's just a pile of rubble . gabrielle then why be they take precaution ? she point to the sign -- and to a guard come up the driveway , with a couple of huge mastiff on leash . holme why , indeed ? ( turn the tandem around ) let 's go . watson go where ? holme when rebuffe at the front door , one 's only choice be to try the tradesman 's entrance . 102 . they move off . dissolve to : ext . urquhart castle - day holme , gabrielle and Watson be come up a path from the lakeside , lead they bicycle . they lean the cycle against a ruin wall , start across the courtyard . a middle - age man in kilt emerge from the tumble - down gatehouse , come toward they . guide sorry . no visitor allow . holme be you the guide here ? guide yes . the castle be close to the public while work be go on . holme what be they do ? guide it 's be restore by the Society for the preservation of Scottish monument . holme too bad . I particularly want my wife to see urquhart Castle . the tower be one of the most interesting example of -- about 1400 , be not it ? guide that 's right . holme let I see -- be it build under James the second or James the third ? guide the thrid ... if you come back next year , we will be all do here , and I will be glad to show you around . holme thank you . 103 . as the three of they move off , a canvas - top wagon come through the stone archway , stop at the front of the step lead to the inner courtyard . watson pleasant sort , be not he ? holme pleasant , but ignorant . he be off one hundred year and one James . ( tap guide - book in he pocket ) it 's actually 1500 and James the fourth . gabrielle if he 's a official guide , should not he know ... ? holme if he 's a official guide . they have now reach the wall against which they leave they bicycle . suddenly holme stop , attract by the sound of bird chirp . holme listen ... do you hear anything , Watson ? watson ( concentrate ) no . that bird be make too much of a racket . holme ( look off ) they be not just bird -- they be we old friend . Watson and gabrielle follow he gaze . from the back of the wagon , the carrier have remove the small bird - cage we see in the mail - drop on ashdown Street . they hand it to a workman , who start up the step with it . to another couple of workmen they pass down a open-side crate in which rest two heavy glass bottle protect by wicker . stencill on the wooden slate of the crate be the word : sulphuric acid - corrosive . 104 . holme be watch thoughtfully , gabrielle and Watson be puzzle . watson sulphuric acid ? gabrielle the more we find out the less sense it make . holme to a graduate chemist it make a great deal of sense . sulphuric acid , when expose to salt - water , produce chlorine gas . ( a beat ) would you mind clasp you hand , Watson ? watson ( obey ) like this ? holme a little lower ... thank you . Watson have lower he clasped hand , and holme use they as a foothold to go scramble up the scaffold of the nearby wall . reaching the top , he look off in the direction of the tower . the workman carry the canary cage , and the two carry the crate of sulphuric acid be approach the tower . a draw - bridge come down , and the three man cross the moat and enter the tower . holme ( look off ) that tower may be more interesting than I think -- and not just architecturally . out of the ruin gatehouse come the guard with the two mastiff on leash . the dog start to snarl viciously . watson holme , I have a feel we be redundant here . 105 . holme leap down from the scaffold , wheel the tandem around , start back in the direction from which they come . gabrielle follow . Watson hurry after they with he bicycle , casting anxious glance over he shoulder as the dog continue bark . dissolve to : ext . loch ness - early evening the sun have just go down behind the hill , but there be still light in the sky . a ominous mist be beginning to settle on the water . gabrielle be sit in the stern of a rowboat , she parasol in she lap . she be wear holme ' norfolk jacket over she dress to ward off the chill . on the row seat , face she , be Watson and holme , the latter in he waistcoat . they oar be pull in , and they be watch urquhart Castle , on the opposite side of the lake . watson we have now observe the castle from the front , from the back , from the side , from land , from water ... what now ? be you plan to spend the night out here ? holme if necessary . watson you be go to catch you death of cold . ( to gabrielle ) would not it be ironic if holme ' last case be a case of pneumonia ? ( with a embarrassed chuckle ) sorry . gabrielle glance past they , and she eye widen . gabrielle ( point off ) what 's that ? holme and Watson turn they head . 106 . about half a mile away , move in and out of patch of drift mist , be Watson 's monster , its long reptillian neck cut through the water . Watson leap to he foot . watson holme ! holme grab he arm , pull he back into he seat . holme Quick , Watson . after it ! he grab he oar , and Watson belatedly join in . they strain at the oar , set a course which will intercept the monster . gabrielle lean forward in she seat , try to peer past they through the curtain of mist . the monster be much closer now -- no more than a quarter of a mile away . suddenly Watson stop row . watson holme , what be we do ? we should be go away from it . holme keep row , dammit ! Watson resume pull on he oar . as they row , holme look over he shoulder . the monster have start to submerge . its head disappear beneath the surface of the water , and the wake it leave behind soon trail off into the mist . holme ship he oar . holme we have lose it . watson ( stop row ) at least you admit there 's a it , not just a figment of my imagination . holme quiet . 107 . he listen intently . there be only the sound of water slapping against the side of the boat . the mist be heavier now , and billow around they . holme ( to Watson ) do you have you stethoscope with you ? watson never without it . he remove he bowler , unwind the stethoscope from the inside the crown , hand it to holme . holme plug in the ear-piece , lean over the side of the boat , extend the other end of the stethoscope to the surface of the water . watson what be it ? holme I can hear something ... we become aware of the faint beat of engine , accompany by a bubbling sound . holme it 's get closer -- closer -- suddenly the surface of the water break , about twenty yard away from they , and the head and neck of the monster rear up from the depth . Watson be first to notice it and jump to he foot , make choke noise . gabrielle see it and scream . Watson grab a oar , throw it at the monster as it come past . the backwash hit the boat broadside , rock it , and holme , Watson and gabrielle be spill into the lake . the monster move away from they , head in the general direction of the castle . it disappear into the mist . holme be the first to come up , look around , see gabrielle surfacing a few yard away , swim to she . holme be you all right ? gabrielle I lose my parasol . 108 . holme where 's Watson ? he glance around , see Watson 's bowler float nearby , swim over to it . holme Watson ? he lift the hat -- but Watson be not under it . as gabrielle hoist herself into the boat , Watson clamber over the other side . after a moment holme join they , and they sit there , sopping wet and breathe heavily . watson I have come face to face with man-eate tiger -- I be once catch in a stampede of wild elephant -- India , you know -- but I be not half as frighten . this beast seem to have a personal grudge against we . gabrielle I just hope it do not come back . holme I do not think it will . ( point off ) look ! they glance in the indicate direction . there be no sign of the monster . but the mist have momentarily lift to reveal the castle , and a odd sight greet they eye -- the wooden scaffold in front of the tower be slowly rise into the air . watson ( amaze ) what strange going - on . holme not really . my guess be that the monster , after a hard day 's work , have return home for he supper . 109 . the scaffold in front of the tower slowly descend back into the place , as mist once more engulf the castle . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - night holme , in a different suit of clothes , be pace across the room , whistling the main theme from " swan Lake . " he stop before the open french window , gaze out toward the lake . gabrielle be propped up in bed , a blanket draw up to she chin , watch he . Watson , who have change into a pair of kilt , be stand in front of the fireplace , warming he backside . gabrielle glance at Watson , suppress a giggle . watson yes , I know . but would you believe that you can not borrow a decent pair of trousers in this place ? holme resume pace , and Watson become aware of he whistling . watson would you like to confide in we ? no answer from holme . Watson turn to gabrielle . watson whenever he start whistling , I know he 's get close to a solution . holme it 's nothing new , actually . we have come across this situation before . watson we have ? where ? holme at the ballet . watson ballet ? 110 . holme there 's a lake -- and there 's a castle -- and there 's a swan that be not really a swan -- or , in this case , a monster that be not really a monster -- watson then what be it ? holme what be it indeed that feed on canary bird and sulphuric acid , and have a engine for a heart ? gabrielle a engine ? holme the stethoscope be a very sensitive instrument , and water be a excellent conductor of sound . there be no doubt that what we be deal with be a mechanical monster . watson oh ? holme not only be it equip with a artificial heart , it also have artificial lung . judge from the bubbles on the surface of the lake , it use some form of air pump . gabrielle you think my husband be involved in all this ? holme yes , Madame valladon . I be sure of it . watson but why would anybody build a mechanical monster ? just to scare people ? holme not very likely . 111 . gabrielle why do they try to keep I from find my husband ? and why be he bury anonymously ? holme I think I have a pretty good notion of what they be up to -- the Society for the preservation of Scottish monument -- better know as the diogene Club . watson the diogene Club ? there be a knock on the door . holme come in . the door open and the hotel manager enter , hold a magnum of champagne . manager Mr. ashdown , I have a bottle of champagne for you . holme ( crossing to he ) a bottle of champagne ? I do not order it . manager no , indeed . you be to deliver it . this be my instruction . he hand the magnum to holme . holme instruction from whom ? deliver it where ? manager I would not know , sir . but there 's a carriage wait for you downstairs . holme be you sure you have the right Mr. ashdown ? 112 . manager ( flatly ) quite sure , Mr. holme . he turn and exit . holme tap the bottle of champagne thoughtfully . holme well , Watson , I would say the curtain be go up on the last act . watson I do not like the sound of it . gabrielle please be careful . as holme start toward the door , Watson reach into he sporran . watson you would better take this with you . he produce a revolver , hold it out to holme . holme ignore it , exit . ext . caledonian HOTEL - night a gig be wait in front of the entrance , and lean against it be the guide we see earlier at urquhart . holme come out , carry the champagne bottle . holme who 's mind the castle ? guide you would better get on . it 's late . holme climb into the gig , and the guide moutn the seat beside he . holme where be we go ? some sort of party ? guide you will not be disappointed in the guest list . 113 . holme who 's the host ? guide jonah . he flick the rein . the horse start off at a trot , and the gig turn into the driveway . ext . moving gig - night as they drive along , holme glance at the guide , who be grim and uncommunicative . dissolve to : ext . road leading to castle - night the gig , with its two passenger , proceed along the lakeshore , approach the entrance to urquhart . ext . urquhart castle - night a workman be lighting a couple of torch attach to the ruin gatehouse when the gig come through the archway . the guide rein up the horse in front of the step lead to the inner courtyard -- which be now cover with a narrow red carpet . the guide nod to holme , who dismount , start up the step , examine the red carpet . as he reach the top , he look off . the strip of red carpet run across the courtyard , light by torch plant in the ground . a couple of workmen be be unrol the rest of the carpet toward the entrance of the tower . as holme pass one of the tent , the flap open and mycroft step out , dress in he inevitable frock coat . mycroft Mr. ashdown , I presume . holme ( turn ) the red runner , I presume . 114 . ( indicate carpet ) you should not have go to all this trouble just for I . mycroft it 's not for you . ( call into tent ) mckeller . ( to holme ) May I have the champagne , please ? holme ( hand he bottle ) 1886 -- not a very good vintage , be it ? mycroft mediocre . but then again , it 's not for drink . a black -suite man emerge from the ten , and mycroft give he the champagne . mycroft tie it up , will you ? the man move off toward the tower . mycroft pull back the flap of the tent . mycroft in here . holme pass inside , mycroft follow . int . tent - night it be light by a kerosene lamp suspend from the ridge - pole . there be several cot , one of they with the bedding roll up . resting on the stripped cot be a trunk with the name E. valladon paint on it . lying on a table , among a group of engineering model , be gabrielle 's parasol and Watson 's stethoscope . there be also a couple of draft table , with plan and blueprint tack to they . holme move around the tent , take all this in . holme interesting -- and educational . 115 . mycroft despite my most emphatic warning , you persist in meddle . it would have serve you right if you would all drown . holme sorry to be so unoblige . ( stop beside torch ) E. valladon ... h 'mm . mycroft ( indicate parasol and stethoscope ) I imagine this belong to the pretty lady , and this belong to you valet ... we find they float in the lake . holme speak about thing float in the lake -- mycroft how much do you know -- or think you know ? holme I think you be testing some sort of underwater craft -- camouflauged to mislead the gullible . I think it 's a experimental model , operate by a crew of midget . I think it be power by sulphuric acid battery , and use canary to detect escape gas ... altogether a strange contraption . mycroft not quite that unique . right now , four country be try to develop what we call a submersible . but none of they could solve the critical problem -- how to stay submerge long enough to make it effective . holme what do the good Book say ? " and jonah live in the belly of that fish for three day and three night . " 116 . mycroft that be we goal . and thanks to valladon 's air-pump , we get a jump on the rest of they . it 's a highly complex system of filtration -- so we have a series of trial -- holme and at least one error . mycroft during a test run in moray firth , pressure cause a leak in the hull . Sea water mix with the acid in the battery to produce chlorine gas . before they could reach the surface , valladon and the crew be dead . holme so you have they bury in unmark grave , to preserve you secret . mycroft it be essential to keep the information from you client . holme you go to all that length to prevent Madame valladon from fiding she husband ? mycroft you client be not Madame valladon -- it 's the Imperial german government . they be after the belgian engineer -- or rather , he invention . they know he be employ by we , but they could not find out where -- so they enlist the best brain in England to help they . you , my dear brother , have be work for the wilhelmstrasse . holme and Madame valladon -- what part do she play in all this ? mycroft Madame valladon be dead . holme Dead ? 117 . mycroft cross to the trunk , open the lid . mycroft the Germans dispose of she three week ago , in Brussels . this be gabrielle valladon . he hand holme a small , frame photograph . holme look at it with apprehension , as well he should : the picture be of a somewhat matronly woman , not the glamorous gabrielle . holme lower the photograph . behind it , mycroft be glaring at he with customary arrogance . mycroft the woman who be bring to you house in the middle of the night -- apparently fished out of the Thames -- and apparently suffer from amnesia -- be , in fact , ilse von hoffmanstal , one of they most skillful agent . be I go too fast for one of the " best brain in England ? " holme go on . as mycroft continue , holme pick up ilse 's water - soak parasol and examine it . mycroft they plant she on you quite neatly , I must admit , so that you could lead they to they objective , the air pump . very much like use a hog to find truffle . and now perhaps you would care to join I . I be expect a certain royal personage from balmoral . ext . castle - night a coach and escort approach the castle . paint on the door of the coach be the initial " v.r . " int . castle courtyard the entourage enter the castle courtyard and stop . footmen open the door and bow to the lone passenger . 118. wait on top of the step , outside the tent , be mycroft and holme . line up on the other side of the torch - light red carpet be half a dozen scientist , in they best clothes . out of the coach step a familiar figure -- her majesty , queen victoria , defender of the faith , Empress of India . she be 69 year old , and dress entirely in black . mycroft come down the carpete step to meet she . mycroft you majesty . he bow . the Queen extend she hand to he , and he touch it . mycroft I trust you have a pleasant journey , ma'am . queen victoria it be long and it be tedious . and it have better be worth we while , Mr. holme . mycroft I can assure you , ma'am , it will be . a lady - in-wait and a uniform equerry have now descend from the coach . mycroft lead the party up the step . queen victoria now what be this curious ship we be suppose to christen ? mycroft we call it a submersible , ma'am . it travel under water . queen victoria under water ? what a fantastic idea . they have now reach the top of the step . 119 . mycroft ma'am , may present some of the scientist who be responsible for this achievement . j.w. Ferguson , naval architect -- first scientist ( bow ) you majesty . mycroft Professor Simpson , we lead expert on hydraulics -- second scientist ( bow ) you majesty . mycroft w.w. Prescott , co-inventor of the revolve periscope -- third scientist ( bow ) you majesty . mycroft and this be Sir Arthur grisby , we authority on maritime ballistic -- queen victoria we do not claim to understand any of this . but England be proud of you , gentleman . to think that man can now observe fish in they native habitat -- mycroft ( try to correct she ) well , not exactly , ma'am -- queen victoria -- and underwater plant and coral reef -- ( notice holme ) Young man -- what be you contribution to this project ? holme I be afraid it be rather negligible , you majesty . 120 . mycroft ( to the Queen ) this be my brother , sherlock , ma'am . queen victoria ah , yes . sherlock holme . we have be follow you exploit with great interest . holme bow , touch the Queen 's extend hand . holme thank you , ma'am . queen victoria be you engage in one of you fascinating case at the moment ? holme in a manner of speak , ma'am . queen victoria when can we expect to read Dr. Watson 's account of the case ? holme I hope never , ma'am . it have not be one of my more successful endeavor . mycroft signal to a bagpiper , who start play hielan ' laddie . queen victoria ah , the ceremony be about to begin . ( to mycroft ) now where be this underwater ship of yours ? mycroft ( point to tower ) in the dungeon , ma'am . queen victoria the dungeon ? what a peculiar place to keep it . ( turn to the other ) well , let we get on with it , gentleman . 121. mycroft lead the Queen along the red runner toward the tower . holme follow , then the lady - in-wait and the equerry , then the scientist . as they cross the inner courtyard , the highland piper fall in ahead of the procession , lead they toward the drawbridge . then he step aside , as the royal party cross the drawbridge and pass through the door of the tower . int . dungeon - night a high -ceiling rock chamber , with a spiral iron staircase lead down . the floor be a concrete ramp , the lower end of it cover with water . Beyond be the entrance from the Loch , camouflage by scaffold and vegetation . on the upper part of the ramp be a small , primitive submarine , rest on wheel . prominently lettere on the bow be the name h.m.s. jonah , and suspend by a rope from the prow be the magnum of champagne which holme deliver . along the side be torpedo tube , and fitte over the con tower be the head and neck of the " monster " we see in the lake . present be half a dozen naval personnel , command by a officer . as the royal party come down the spiral staircase , the officer snap to attention . mycroft be in the lead , follow by the Queen , holme , the lady - in - wait , the equerry and the scientist . mycroft there she , ma'am . her majesty 's ship jonah . the four survive midget appear on the deck , in wool jersey and navy cap . they start pull on a chain which slowly raise the detachable head - and - neck of the monster toward the ceiling , disclose the con tower and the periscope . queen victoria and what , may we ask , be the purpose of that hideous gargoyle ? mycroft it 's merely a decoy , ma'am . 122. queen victoria oh . to frighten away the shark , we imagine . mycroft something of the sort ... the crew will now demonstrate the working of the submersible . a sailor of normal height appear on the deck of the sub . sailor stand to . the midget scramble down the hatch . queen victoria be not they rather small for sailor ? mycroft they be . but because of the size of the craft , the navy make a exception . queen victoria they should make it a rule . it 's quite fatigue to pin on all that medal while stand on we toe . there be the sound of the engine start . mycroft lead the Queen to a open bulkhead in the side of the sub , with holme and rest of the party close behind . Inside , all be noise and confusion . Metal rod be dip into glass jar of sulphuric acid , complicated machinery be drive the propeller shaft , bellow be inflate and deflate , etc . the midget be at they station in the cramped quarter , pull switch , oiling the engine , operate the periscope . overhead be a cageful of canary , all chirp away . mycroft point out the various feature to the Queen . mycroft this be the main engine , which propel it under water at the rate of two knot -- the stabilize mechanism -- the multi - stage compressor -- the ballast tank trimmer -- the air-pump which filter and recirculate the air -- 123. queen victoria how charming . mycroft the air pump , ma'am ? queen victoria ( point ) the canary . must make the crew feel at home . mycroft yes , ma'am . this be the lever for fire the torpedoe , which be accurate up to as much as 120 foot -- the periscope for scan the surface of the water -- queen victoria but where be the glass bottom ? mycroft the what , ma'am ? queen victoria the glass bottom . holme you know -- to see the fist -- queen victoria -- and the plant and the coral -- mycroft that 's not quite the idea , ma'am . h.m.s. jonah be be commission as a warship . queen victoria a warship ? ( wave she hand ) stop that noise . stop it ! at a signal from mycroft , the sub engine be turn off . mycroft ma'am , if I may explain -- queen victoria you have better . 124 . mycroft the admiralty regards this craft as the ultimate weapon in naval warfare . it can seek out enemy ship and destroy they -- with this torpedoe -- while remain completely invisible . queen victoria you mean in can fire at other vessel while under water ? mycroft yes , ma'am . queen victoria without any warning ? mycroft that be correct , ma'am . queen victoria and without show she color ? mycroft indeed , ma'am . queen victoria Mr. holme , we be not amused . ( mycroft stare at she ) it be unsportsmanlike , it be un - English , and it be in very poor taste . we will have none of it ! mycroft I beg you pardon , ma'am ? he exchange a look with holme . queen victoria sometimes we despair of the state of the world . what will scientist think of next ? mycroft that 's precisely it , ma'am . at this very moment the Germans under Count von Zeppelin , be experiment with a dirigible -- 125 . queen victoria a dirigible ? and what , pray , be that ? mycroft a rigid balloon , which could fly over London and drop a bomb on Buckingham Palace . it be be develop at the express order of kaiser wilhelm the second . queen victoria nonsense . we refuse to believe that we grandson Willie would do a thing like that . mycroft we have conclusive proof , ma'am . we agent in friedrichshafen , a man name ibbetson , actually see the dirigible , and make a draw of it . unfortunately , he be apprehend before he could cross the border . queen victoria ( indicate sub ) nevertheless , we do not want any part of this beastly invention . get rid of it ! scuttle it ! the sooner the better . mycroft May I point out , ma'am -- queen victoria and do not concern yourself about that dirigible drop bomb on we . we shall write a very sharp note to the kaiser . ( to equerry ) now we wish to return to balmoral . she start toward the spiral staircase . the equerry precede she up the stair , the lady - in-wait follow , the scientist trail after they . mycroft and holme linger behind . holme well , mycroft , it seem we have both be undone by a woman . ( mycroft be stare at the sub ) what a shame . 126 . all that superb engineering , and all that cun espionage , for nought . mycroft not necessarily . if the Germans want that submersible so badly , why do not we give it to they ? holme give it to they ? mycroft invite they aboard for the final journey -- seven hundred foot -- straight down . holme and how be you go to arrange that ? mycroft I be rather count on you to do it . since you be on such intimate term with fraulein von hoffmanstal . o.s. , the bagpiper resume play . mycroft shall we say goodbye to her majesty ? he start up the spiral staircase . holme follow slowly and thoughtfully . dissolve to : ext . caledonian HOTEL - dawn the gig , with the quide drive and holme beside he , come up the driveway , stop in front of the entrance . holme hop down , and twirling gabrielle 's parasol in he hand , walk into the hotel . int . HOTEL room - dawn in the half - light , gabrielle can be see asleep in she bed . she be wear the pink negligee with the maribou feather , which have slip halfway off she shoulder . the other bed have not be sleep in . the door from the corridor open and holme step in , carry the parasol . 127 . he cross to gabrielle 's bed , look down at she for a long moment , adjust the negligee with the tip of the parasol . the he move to the french window , open it , glance out . lakefront - from holme ' angle - dawn the seven trappist monk be stand on the shore , silhouett against the water , watch the hotel . int . HOTEL room - dawn holme withdraw from the window , look at the sleep gabrielle , then casually swing the parasol , hit a metal lamp - shade overhead . gabrielle sit up abruptly in bed , clutching she negligee around she . holme sorry about that . but as long as you be up -- what be the german word for castle ? schloss , be not it ? gabrielle ( carefully ) I think so . holme and how would you say under the castle ? unter das schlss ? or die schloss ? gabrielle I do not know . my german be not that good . holme ( indicate ) you trappist friend be out there wait to hear from you -- it 's a chilly morning -- we do not want to keep they stand around too long , do we , fraulein hoffmanstal ? ( gabrielle look at he without answer ) come now . it 's too late to play cat and mouse . gabrielle ( flatly ) unter dem schloss . 128. holme thank you . ( hold out parasol ) here 's you signal device -- it 's a bit damp , I be afraid -- would you care to let they know where they can find the submersible ? ( gabrielle make no move to take the parasol ) no ? then I will just have to do it myself . ( move toward window ) I only hope my morse code be adequate to the occasion . keeping well to one side of the open window , he extend the parasol outside , open it , start send out a series of long and short signal . lakefront - dawn von tirpitz and the other monk strain they eye in the direction of the hotel . HOTEL - from monk ' angle - dawn outside the hotel window , gabrielle 's parasol can be see flash the message unter dem schloss in morse code -- but it be not apparent that holme be do the signal . int . HOTEL room - dawn as holme continue open and close the parasol , gabrielle get out of bed , come up beside he . holme finish the message , shut the parasol , draw it back into the room . then he look out the window . lakefront - from holme ' angle - dawn the monk turn away from the hotel , and with von tirpitz in the lead , move off along the shore . int . HOTEL room - dawn holme step back from the window , face gabrielle . 129 . holme well , it 's up to the good monk now . you can consider you part of the mission accomplish , fraulein hoffmanstal . gabrielle you be all wrong about I . my name be not hoffmanstal . holme it be not ? gabrielle it 's von hoffmanstal . holme I stand correct . gabrielle ( glance toward window ) I suppose once they be in the castle ... it must amuse you , Mr. holme , trappists walk into a trap . holme it 's more amusing than that . once in the castle , they will encounter surprisingly little resistance -- it will take but a small bottle of chloroform to overcome the guard . gabrielle ( skeptically ) you mean you be go to let they have the air-pump ? holme better than that . we be go to let they have the submersible . they will find it with its engine run , all set to go . I assume they be all expert sailor ? and since there be a german battleship cruise off the coast of Scotland , I expect they will try to sail it out of the lock and rendezvous at sea . gabrielle do you say try to ? 130 . holme I would suggest you get you thing together . mycroft will be here to take you into custody . he open she suitcase , which be on the baggage rack at the foot of the bed . gabrielle watch he for a beat , then cross to the wardrobe , start take she clothes out . gabrielle I never have you fool for a moment , do I ? you know right from the beginning -- when the cabbie bring I to Baker Street . holme let I see -- not quite that soon . he stretch out on the bed . gabrielle it 's so funny . I ask for this assignment , you know . I be schedule to go to Japan , but I could not resist the challenge of come up against the best . I be sorry I do not give you a closer game . holme Close enough . gabrielle you be just be kind . I fail miserably . holme we all have occasional failure . fortunately , Dr. Watson never write about mine . dissolve to : int . HOTEL corridor - day Watson , back in he valet 's outfit again , come bound down the narrow stair from the attic , race toward the door of holme ' room . 131 . watson holme ! holme ! int . HOTEL room - day Bright sunlight now flood the room . gabrielle , fully dress , be stand in front of the mirror , put on she hat . her pack bag have be set out in the middle of the room , and rest on it be the parasol . the door burst open and Watson dash in . watson holme ! in he haste he trip over the bag , go down . as he pick himself up again , gabrielle point toward the balcony . ext . balcony - HOTEL - day holme be lean against the parapet , scan the lake through he telescope . Watson appear through the open french window behind he . watson ( excitedly ) holme , I see it again -- that thing -- it come from the castle -- it 's out there -- loch ness - through telescope - day a trial of bubbles be move along the surface . suddenly there be a muffle explosion from below , and a geyser of water shoot up into the air . ext . balcony - HOTEL - day holme slowly lower the telescope . holme it be out there . now it 's go . watson go ? 132 . holme forever . look for yourself . loch ness - through telescope - day there be a great turbulence in the water . up to the surface pop the bottle of christen champagne , with rope and ribbon still attach . then a copy of the Bible pop up . ext . balcony - HOTEL - day watson a bottle of champagne ?... and a Bible ?... holme that 's all that 's leave of h.m.s. jonah . he step through the window as a puzzle Watson lower the telescope . int . HOTEL room - day Watson follow holme in from the balcony . holme it would seem that somebody carelessly loosen the bolt of the submersible . what a fitting end for trappists -- now they be rest in eternal silence at the bottom of the lake . watson ( to gabrielle ) do you know what he 's talk about ? through the open doorway come mycroft . in the corridor behind he be one of he aide . mycroft fraulein von hoffmanstal ? gabrielle yes , Mr. holme . I be all ready . 133. mycroft if there 's one thing I like about the prussian , it 's they punctuality . gabrielle if there 's one thing I dislike about the british , it 's they climate . I understand you jail be quite damp -- and you heating facility totally inadequate . mycroft they be . but you be not go to jail . you be go back to Germany . gabrielle Germany ? mycroft you will be conduct to the swiss - german border , and be exchange for one of we agent -- a man name ibbetson . gabrielle thank you . mycroft do not thank I . thank my brother . it be he idea . gabrielle look at holme , but he avoid she eye . mycroft ( to gabrielle ) frankly , I think we be make a very poor deal . you much better than most operative work for british intelligence . ( turn to holme ) do not you agree , sherlock ? holme ( with a small but gallant bow to gabrielle ) and better than some consulting detective . mycroft signal to he aide , who come in from the corridor and pick up gabrielle 's bag . 134 . mycroft ( to gabrielle ) shall we ? gabrielle ( reach for parasol ) I will take that . ( to holme and Watson ) gentlemen . she turn and walk out the door , mycroft follow . Watson 's bewilderment have now reach monumental proportion . watson ( fold he arm ) all right , holme -- you do not have to explain anything to I , if you do not want to . holme I appreciate that , Watson . watson after all , I be only you official biographer -- holme anyway , I do not think she would care to have this story spread all over strand Magazine . watson the public have a right to know this thing . if she 's a german spy , why should we concern ourselves about she feeling ? holme cross to a small window overlook the courtyard of the hotel , open it , look out . ext . HOTEL - day mycroft 's aide come out of the hotel with gabrielle 's suitcase , load it into a open carriage wait in front of the entrance . gabrielle emerge , carry she parasol , and accompany by mycroft . he help she into the carriage , get in beside she . 135 . the aide join the coachman , and the carriage drive off . gabrielle do not look back toward the hotel . ext . SMALL window - HOTEL - day holme be frame in the open window , watch the carriage . Watson come up behind he . watson if I promise not to write a word about it , would you enlighten I ? as you friend -- as you valet -- holme quiet . I be try to read a personal message . watson a message ? ext . driveway - day the carriage be move away from the hotel . gabrielle have she parasol over she shoulder , and it open and close , open and close . gabrielle - in moving carriage - day she continue to signal with the parasol , unnotice by mycroft . ext . SMALL window - HOTEL - day Watson be strain forward to see out the window . watson what be she say ? holme ( slowly ) auf wiedersehn . watson auf weider ---? the nerve ! 136 . ext . driveway - day the carriage disappear down a avenue of tree , gabrielle 's parasol still flash its message . dissolve to : ext . baker STREET - day there be snow on the ground , and drift of it pile up along the curb . traffic be light . householder be shovel the snow off the sidewalk , and pedestrian be hurry along bundle up against the cold . int . live room - 221b baker STREET - day holme , in he dress gown , and Watson , in he smoking jacket , be at the breakfast table . there be snow on the window - sill , and a cozy fire be burn in the grate . Watson be read the morning paper . holme be sorting through he mail . holme ( hold up envelope ) h'mmm . a letter from the diogene Club . watson maybe mycroft be put you up for membership . holme if only to have the distinct pleasure of blackball he brother . he have slit open the envelope . Watson watch he curiously as he read the letter , but holme ' face remain expressionless . slowly he put down the letter , rise , cross to the window , stand there stare out into the wintry street . watson be not you go to finish you breakfast ? holme do not answer . Watson take a lump of sugar out of the bowl with a pair of tong , drop it into he coffee . 137 . then glance over he shoulder to make sure holme be not watch , he swivel the letter around with the tong . it be write on diogene Club stationery , and read : 9th December , 1888 dear sherlock , my source in Tokyo inform I that ilse von hoffmanstal be arrest last week by the japanese counter - intelligence service for spying on naval installation in yokohama harbour . after a secret trial , she be summarily execute by a fire squad . it might interest you to know that the page end at this point . Watson turn the sheet of paper over with the tong . the letter continue on the other side . she have be live in Japan this past few month under the name of Mrs. ashdown . sincerely , mycroft Watson look toward holme , who be still stand with he back to the room , get up from the table . watson holme -- I be terribly sorry about this . holme ( quietly , without turn ) where be it , Watson ? watson ( after a beat ) in the file . May to July , 1885 . holme turn to the bookshelve above the desk . from a row of similar volume , he slide out the three file mark may , JUNE , and JULY 1885 . actually , it 's the medical bag , stand on end , with the spine of three volume paste on the bottom . holme you be get better . 138. he set the bag down on the desk , open it , take out a bottle of cocaine . Watson watch he with compassion as he cross to he bedroom with he cocaine , go in , shut the door . footstep be hear hurry up the stair , and after a moment there be a knock on the door . Watson approach the door , open it to reveal inspector lestrade -- a short , nervous man whose feature be sharper than he mind . he be wear a overcoat , he bowler be in he hand , and he finger be drum on the crown . lestrade good morning , Watson . ( step in ) just happen to be in the neighborhood , and I think -- watson what be it this time , Inspector lestrade ? lestrade we have have three rather nasty murder in whitechapel . all lady of easy virtue . you may read something about it -- the newspaper be refer to the killer as Jack the ripper . watson yes , I think I have . lestrade some of we at Scotland yard be wonder if perhaps Mr. holme would be willing to -- watson ( a glance toward the bedroom ) I be sorry , lestrade . but at the moment , holme be work on another problem . lestrade ( try to hide he disappointment ) oh ... well , I just think it be the kind of case that might interest he . I dare say we can solve it without he help . 139 . watson oh , I be sure you will . from holme ' bedroom come the sound of a melancholy tune be play on the violin . Watson start to ease lestrade out of the door . watson good day , lestrade . he shut the door after he , listen to the sound of the violin for a moment . then he cross to the wicker chair , seat himself . he take some sheet of paper out of the rack and place they on the write arm , dip he pen in the inkwell , start to write . the violin music continue over scene , infinitely romantic , infinitely sad . fade out . the end