the Three musketeer written by david loughery revision by harley peyton this material be the sole property of the Walt Disney company and be restrict to the use of the Walt Disney company and its authorize employee and agent . distribution , disclosure , reproduction or sale of this material to unauthorize personnel be strictly prohibit . January 5 , 1993 the three musketeer OPEN on : 1 ext . gascony - dawn 1 Dawn . a verdant field in gascony . bird call from tree - top . the wind rustle through green leave . a fox dart into a thick hedge . and last , anti-pastoral , out of place -- the sound of clashing steel . superimpose : France , 1625 . suddenly , two young man burst into view , sword point cut brilliant arc through the morning air . the first be girard , bearded , nearly thirty , a man in every facet . the second , d'artagnan . younger in appearance and attitude . exuberant , handsome . and at just this moment , bound over a low stone wall with a boisterous cry . they battle across a expanse of turf thick with dew . girard be the more polished combatant . but d' artagnan be nearly a force of nature . he whip he sword through the air with wild - heart abandon . he tumble and somer - sault . this be fun . girard and d' artagnan cross the field , pass over a wooden fence , struggle toward a stable and hayloft . as they fight , both man utilize a variety of prop . handfuls of hay , a wooden spar , quick kick from heavy boot . anything go as the sword cut through the air . d'artagnan , gain increase advantage , force girard up against a peaceful country manor . girard , seemingly cornere , execute a gymnastic flip onto the roof , fight from this high angle . d'artagnan merely smile ... and follow . 2 angle on rooftop 2 see briefly in silhouette against the rise sun , girard and d' artagnan scramble up the v-shape rooftop , pause to exchange swipe at the peak , then slide down the other side , attack , defend , as they go . 3 include interior 3 Inside the manor house , a handsome woman of forty glance up from she write table , hear footstep on the roof . she react -- curious , not afraid -- and step to a open window . as if to follow the footstep to the other side . 2 . 4 back to scene 4 girard leap to the ground first -- landing in a en- closure fill with squawking geese . d' artagnan fly after . the geese scatter , d' artagnan -- whose wild progress frequently resemble that of a young colt -- stumble briefly . girard seek advantage , thrust he sword toward the young man 's heart . but d' artagnan parry the blow with a heavy glove hand , roll over the offend goose -- glance deadpan apology -- and rise to fight again . the epic battle continue . girard 's modest success de - volf into desperate flight . d'artagnan 's seemingly endless reserve be wear he down . then , at the last possible moment , girard spy escape : a slow - move haycart ruimbling up the country road . he run toward the cart , leap upon it , turn back to d' artagnan with a confident smirk -- a expression that vanish when the young gascon execute a nearly impossible leap to join he . and still they battle , the clash of sword a kind of music by now , the man , they exuberance , the bright morn - ing all combine into a dazzlingly heroic display . just then : the haycart cross a wooden plank bridge . girard back from d' artagnan 's sword , weak from exhaustion , he stumble . d'artagnan have he man and he know it . he prepare one last blow -- -- and the haycart shift , deposit both man over the side and down to the small muddy creek below . a comical antidote to all this glorious swordplay . 5 include creek 5 girard land flat on he back , stunne , he sword out of reach . d' artagnan land similarly , but recover with grace , or rather , as much grace as the muddy situation will allow . he roll toward girard , sword in hand , and lightly place the sharp gleam tip against he adam 's apple . a long beat . then a surprise . girard begin to laugh , long and loud . d'artagnan respond with a charme smile . d'artagnan have enough ? girard ( breathless deadpan ) I believe now would be a good time to end you , uhm , formal training . well do . ( continued ) 3. 5 continued : 5 d'artagnan thank you , sir . d'artagnan leap to he foot , race off without another word . girard struggle upward , peer at the shape of he clothing -- cut to ribbon , muddy and soak . girard and god have mercy on whomever you meet next . CUT to : 6 ext . gascony - handsome woman be Pov - day 6 d'artagnan race across the green field , triumphant . 7 another angle 7 she stand at the open window , watch he coltish high step with love . sadness too . CUT to : 8 int . d'artagnan home - day 8 d'artagnan step through the country manor , call out : d'artagnan mother ...? but he do not see she . d' artagnan continue , chatter - ing proudly as he go . d'artagnan do you see we ? you hear we , I will bet . girard finally surrender a compliment ... though I almost have to kill he to get it ... mother ...? d' artagnan come upon a open door , a small room beyond . he pause , then step inside . 9 include father' study 9 a spartan interior . heraldic emblem upon the wall , sou - venir from battle win and lose . ( continued ) 4. 9 continued : 9 a piece of parchment , on it the word : " all for one , and one for all . " and , in a place of honor , a wear blue and gold tunic . below it , the handsome woman , d' artagnan 's mother , kneel at a open chest . she turn back to he . mother ( handsome woman ) sit down . d'artagnan do not you hear I ? girard -- mother sit. d' artagnan sigh , sit in a large wooden chair . a beat . his mother speak quietly , eye turn back to the open chest . mother you father be a proud man . and he have a right to be . I never know one as brave or as kind . he know that he strength be a gift to be give in the service of honor . that be why he dedicated he life to he country and he King . that be why he give he life , for both . she reach into the chest , carefully extract a beautiful saber . mother I watch you this morning and see someone I know . you have you father 's heart , he will to fight , he courage . but this gift have no value unless they be give . she rise , hold the sword out to he . mother it 's time for you find you fortune with man as brave and as bold as you be . in Paris . with the King 's musketeer . ( be : sword ) you will need this . d'artagnan ( quiet , move ) Father 's sword . ( continued ) 5 . 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 mother forged in the crusade , hand from generation to generation . d'artagnan and now to I . d'artagnan can not help it , he eager reply leaven the nobility of the moment with warm humor , youthful inno - cence . his mother smile as she repeat . mother yes , son . and now to you . with that , she hold out the beautiful saber . d' artagnan take it firmly into he hand . CUT to : 10 ext . gascony - day 10 a huge and beautiful field appropriate to the moment . mother and son stand in the vast expanse . d' artagnan hold a restless horse by the rein , he travel satch - el attach to the saddle . mother I be not you mother now . I be speak for you father . and this be what he would have tell you . never forget the code of the d' artagnan . it be you special heritage . ( beat ) always seek out adventure ... d'artagnan I will . mother never run from a fight ... d'artagnan I will not . mother never submit to insult . except from the King . d'artagnan never . ( continued ) 6 . 10 continued : 10 mother and be wary of cardinal Richelieu for he rule France through the King . a bittersweet moment . d'artagnan pose before he first great adventure . but not completely certain that he wish to leave home . d'artagnan mother . maybe I should wait . until after harvest . d'artganan 's mother smile , understand . and speak gently to urge he forward . mother you have hear that every man in the musketeer be on the run from someone or something ? d'artagnan yes . but what be I run from ? mogher ( gentle humor ) a shrew of a mother , and a drafty old house . now go . and in this fashion , she release he . d'artagnan sweep he mother into a embrace , now turn , heroic , and leap into the saddle . the horse react with a start , skitter in a half - cicle . d' artagnan struggle to gain control , finally bring the horse to rein . he manage a charme grin . his mother smile , scold : mother and for heaven 's sake , practice you horsemanship . d'artagnan horsemanship . get it . d'artagnan dig he heel into the horse 's flank , shoot off across bright green field . his mother shield she eye from the sun , feel a gather of tear , and watch he ride into the distance . 11 high angle 11 d'artagnan 's flight toward a new world . dissolve to : 7. 12 emblem of king musketeer 12 it fill the screen , serve as background for the MAIN title . as the final credit appear , and the music end , the blade of a sword enter frame . it slide beneath the emblem , pries it off the wall . the emblem fall to the floor with a undignify thud . a fire blaze in a huge hearth behind it . 13 include musketeer ' headquarters 13 a room in the musketeer headquarters . the fall emblem be retrieve by jussac , a officer who wear the bright red tunic of the cardinal 's Guards . jussac what should I do with this ? jussac offer the emblem to a tall , elegant wraith in black finery , a patch cover one eye . this be the count do rochefort , Richelieu 's right hand , one of the deadli - est swordsman in all of France . rochefort throw it on the fire with everything else . jussac but this be the emblem of the musketeer ... rochefort the musketeer no longer exist . or have not you hear ? ( cold command ) throw it on the fire . jussac hastily add the emblem to the fiery blaze , it be instantly consume . rochefort watch it burn , then walk to a balcony overlook a vast courtyard . 14 include courtyard 14 grim , funereal silence as a hundred musketeer remove they blue and gold tunic , drop they into a pile that already contain they sword and musket . the musketeer remain stoic throughout , unwilling to reveal the depth of they despair . the latter be supervise by the cardinal 's Guards , who view they hate enemy ' plight with satisfaction . this be a sad day for the musketeer , the end of a era . monsieur do treville force a salute toward the captain of the cardinal 's Guards , hand over he own musket . ( continued ) 8. 14 continued : 14 treville be the respected leader of the musketeer . this be the saddest moment of all . rochefort watch from above , a cruel smile twist he lip . he step to the railing , address the man below . rochefort musketeer ... a hundred face turn upward to regard he . and on each the same expression -- absolute loathing for the man in black . rochefort be not intimidate by this sea of con - tempt . he revel in it . rochefort by joint edict of his majesty King Louis xiii and his eminence cardinal Richelieu , the musketeer be officially disband . in preparation for the come war with England , you rank and commission be hereby transfer to the infantry . you will be contact and tell where to report . until that time , you be instruct to return to you home . do treville ( shouting to rochefort ) and who will protect the King ? rochefort the cardinal 's Guards be more than capable of assume that ... responsibility . muttered curse and dissent throughout . rochefort raise he voice to be hear : rochefort you be hereby order to disperse . should even one of you resist ... the entire corps will be arrest and imprison . ( with pleasure and disdain ) ' all for one , and one for all . ' as rochefort intend , the musketeer explode . but before they can attack the Guards , de treville 's com - mand voice call out above the clamor . ( continued ) 9 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 do treville musketeer ! and with that , the musketeer freeze . they eye go to de treville . there be a moment of silence as de treville choose he word carefully . even in defeat , de treville be stoic . do treville go to you home . wait . we day will come again . De treville shoot a defiant look at rochefort who smile in a patronize manner . then , de treville lead he musketeer out of the courtyard . 15 rochefort 15 he return to the adjoin room where jussac stand by . rochefort have enjoy himself immensely . he go to a mirror and preens , adjust he eye patch to a more rak - ish angle . that 's when he catch a glimpse of something behind he . something red . rochefort turn . a tall , powerfully build man stand in the shadow of the room , a spectre in red . rochefort you eminence . rochefort and jussac instantly fall to they knee . armand du pleiss the cardinal richelieu step out of the darkness and into the light , he long crimson robe swirl about he like cloud of blood . his face be long , shrewd and intelligent . his eye be penetrat - ing . he smile he crocodile smile . Richelieu observe a duty roster on one of the wall . it contain the name of all the musketeer , past and present . richelieu have they all be account for ? rochefort ( hedge ) all but ... three . on Richelieu 's face , a flicker of irritation . richelieu Three ? ( continued ) 10 . 15 continued : 15 jussac ( speak up ) I send a patrol to find they but it have not return yet . richelieu I want that musketeer , not excuse . bring they in at once . CUT to : 16 ext . boulevard of crime - day 16 jussac lead a regiment of the cardinal 's gruard down Paris ' most colorful and notorious street . they react to shout and violent noise come from a tavern ahead . the one call ... the Dead Rat . the tavern door fly open , and two of the cardinal 's Guards be flung into the street , bruise and bloody . just then : a window on the second floor burst open , and a big musketeer dangle a struggle Guard by he foot , threaten to drop he into the street . the musketeer , a man of enormous appetite -- wine , woman , song -- be call porthos . jussac shout : jussac release that man !! happy to comply , porthos let go of the Guard who plunge to the street with a dull thud . then , with a wink and a piratical grin , porthos duck inside . jussac darken , signal he man , and they rush toward the tavern . 17 int . tavern 17 jussac and he company burst in and discover the room in a shamble , the aftermath of a violent fight . but for now , all be calm . a group of the cardinal 's Guards be seat around a big table litter with flagon and bottle . on the floor around they be they sword and rifle . it appear the gruard be celebrate a victory . but wait . there 's something wrong with this picture . on closer inspection , we see that the Guards have be stripped to they under - clothes and tie to they chair with rope . they be all bruise and bloody . some be unconscious . preside over the " celebration " be two musketeer . they sit at the head of the table , relax with they boot up . ( continued ) 11 . 17 continued : 17 one of they casually clean he sword with a lace hand - kerchief . he be aramis , the most handsome and dash of the musketeer -- a poet and idealist -- a gentleman of great personal charm and style . his companion be athos , the musketeer ' deadly and most charismatic member -- also its most mysterious and torture . athos be the unofficial leader of the Three musketeer , they planner and strategist . at the moment , he 's sewing up a nasty gash on he right arm . jussac ( approach ) what be this ? athos greet he with a dark smile . athos a private party . go away . aramis athos -- be that any way to greet we guest ? aramis leap to he foot and bow graciously . he be the epitome of politeness . aramis do not be shy , gentleman . come in . you friend have be expect you . jussac be not amused . jussac you presence be request at musketeer headquarters by Captain rochefort . athos and aramis exchange look . athos the cyclops be a Captain ? he must have make a pact with the Devil . aramis or the cardinal . athos what 's the difference ? ( continued ) 12 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 aramis ( with a edge of contempt ) the Devil be more ethical than the cardinal . jussac take a step forward , finger he saber . jussac you be instruct to come with I and surrender you tunic . with a sweeping gesture , athos indicate the bloody Guards around he . athos this gentleman make a similar request . jussac be you refuse to come peaceably ? athos probably . but I will leave it up to my companion . aramis ? aramis we can not refuse rochefort 's invitation . it would be impolite . athos tip back in he chair and gaze upward . athos and what do you say , porthos ? to the Guards ' surprise , porthos be balance on the balcony rail above , just about even with a large wagon wheel chandelier . porthos I will be right down ! with the grace of a aerialist , porthos jump from the balcony and land atop the chandelier . his weight cause the chain suspending it to break . with a whoop of pleasure , porthos ride the chandelier down as it land squarely atop jussac 's Guards , squashing they . when the dust clear , only jussac have be spare . he look on in disbelief as porthos extricate himself from the wreckage and calmly brushes he clothes off . ( continued ) 13 . 17 continued : ( 3 ) 17 porthos ( to athos and aramis ; cheerful ) ready when you be . athos and aramis sheathe they sword , put on they hat , wrap they cape around they and cross the room to join porthos . aramis congratulation , porthos . you bring down the house . porthos my aim be off . I be try to hit jussac . athos fix jussac with a dark , threaten look . athos now . about that tunic ... jussac turn to watch athos , porthos , and aramis step to the street . he mutter as if to curse : jussac musketeer . CUT to : 18 ext . high road to paris - day 18 d'artagnan , on horseback , pause on a bluff overlook - ing the magnificent city on the seine . what he behold be Paris as it look in the early part of the Seven - teenth century , its steeples and tower rise to meet the sky . for a country boy like d' artagnan , Paris be a magical place where the wildest of dream can come true . d'artagnan 's reverie be break by the sound of thundering hoofbeat come from behind . he turn in response and what he see be this : two woman on horseback be riding for all they be worth pursue by two man on horseback . 19 d'artagnan 19 his heroic blood stir . woman in danger ! as the woman gallop past , d' artagnan leap from he horse . quickly formulate a plan , he clamber up the trunk of a nearby tree and climb out on a branch that overhang the road . 14 . 20 angle 20 as the two rider pass underneath , d' artagnan leap into space and tackle one of they , knock he out of the saddle . the rider hit the ground and be knock sense - less . one down . d'artagnan scramble to he foot as the second rider be - verse direction and gallop back , charge d' artagnan . the rider draw he saber . d' artagnan dodge the horse and the sword . he catch the second rider 's arm and yank he right out of the saddle . the man land with a painful thud at d' artagnan 's foot . before he can recover , d' artagnan be upon he with fly fist . one swift punch -- and the second rider be senseless . two down . d'artagnan stand over he two victim , out of breath , but greatly pleased with he performance . he look up as the two woman ride back to see what 's happen . the first woman be of noble breeding , a beautiful dark - haire girl in she late teens . her name be anne . her companion be roughly the same age , titan -haire and equally beautiful . her name be constance . Anne regards the two man on the ground , then d' artagnan . she shake she head , laugh with delight and ride off . constance remain . she smile down at d' artagnan from atop she horse . constance do you have any idea what you have do ? d'artagnan I have save you and you friend from this bandit . constance this ' bandit ' be the Queen 's own bodyguard . d'artagnan be stunne . d'artagnan the Queen ? constance point a finger in Anne 's direction . constance if I be you , I would make myself scarce . this man be go to be very angry when they wake up . ( continued ) 15 . 20 continued : 20 d'artagnan look at the two bodyguard who be beginning to recover . then he look up at constance , feel like a prize idiot . d'artagnan I do not know . I think ... constance smile at he , she eye twinkle . constance do you have a name ? d'artagnan d'artagnan . constance you be a very foolish boy , d' artagnan ... but a very handsome one . good-bye . constance spur she horse and ride off to catch up with anne. d'artagnan ( call after she ) wait ! you do not tell I you name ! but constance be go . d' artagnan stand in the middle of the road , feel foolish and oddly thrilled at the same time . the two bodyguard groan and grumble . a bright reflection catch d' artagnan 's eye . he look down and see a gleam bracelet . he pick it up and ... d'artagnan the man who attack you ... ( point in the opposite direction ) ... go that way . with a guilty smile , d' artagnan spur he horse and ride like Hell . CUT to : 21 ext . country road 21 d'artagnan ride to the top of the ridge , stop suddenly , see something that take he breath away . 16 . 22 d'artagnan Pov 22 Paris laid out for he like a jewel , cloak in mystery , promise adventure and romance . d' artagnan watch the woman as they ride into the fable city in the distance . he follow . CUT to : 23 int . musketeer headquarters - day 23 athos , aramis , and porthos sweep into the now desert courtyard . silence -- the last thing they expect -- stop they in they track . the place be a cemetery , haunt by the ghost of generation of musketeer . porthos be visibly distraught . rochefort enter from behind a archway . rochefort I will take that tunic , musketeer . porthos ( to aramis ) what do he say ? aramis he say he will take that tunic . porthos tunic ? come right up . porthos reach inside he cloak and take out a crumpled red tunic he take from one of the cardinal 's guard . he drop it on the ground , dig into a pocket and take out another . he find another in he boot and another up he sleeve . there 's one in he hat . like a magician , he keep pull red tunic out of the most bizarre place . athos and aramis have a few guard tunic themselves . they pull they out and drop they into the grow pile . athos I be try to remember the last time I see you here . I know . it be the day you be kick out of the musketeer . aramis conduct unbecome a musketeer . be not that the charge ? rochefort you ought to know . Three witness stand against I . ( continued ) 17 . 23 continued : 23 athos it be the least we could do . the bitter memory hang in the air for a moment . rochefort you be hereby order to surrender you commission and make yourselves available for reassignment in the King 's Army . athos and if we refuse ? rochefort you will become outlaw . hunted man . porthos it do not matter where I go or what I do . sooner or later somebody 's call I ' outlaw . ' athos cut he off with a look . he 's familiar with porthos ' propensity for tall tale . but not here , not now . athos turn back to the balcony . rochefort lob a taunt . rochefort be you refuse to serve you King ? aramis we be refuse to serve the cardinal . porthos same thing , this day . aramis France have one King too many . rochefort I will tell he you say that . athos , who have remain silent , speak with quiet power : athos do that , rochefort . tell he Emminence the cardinal that we will continue to perform we swear duty to protect the King . from enemy across the sea . ( more ) ( continued ) 18 . 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 athos ( cont 'd ) from traitor who sit at he right hand . and tell he that he can take away we tunic , we musket , even we sword . but he cannot stop we from be what we be . musketeer . the gauntlet have be throw . rochefort pick it up with glee . rochefort I will make sure his Emminence the cardinal get the message . but I can not promise he will be pleased . rochefort step back , disappear into the shadow . a beat . the musketeer regard each other . porthos well , if we be go to be outlaw , I suppose we will have to get we affair in order . aramis be you go to visit they alphabetically or in order of preference ? porthos alphabetically seem ... fair . aramis when it come to you and woman , fairness rarely apply . athos ( interrupt ) we will meet at the columbier - rouge at sundown . ( off they look ) to celebrate . and to plan we new life . porthos outlaw . aramis citizen of France . athos the three musketeer . and that be all that remain . ( continued ) 19 . 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 athos , porthos , and aramis step in different direction . CUT to : 24 ext . street of paris - day 24 d'artagnan ride through the street of Paris . a country boy happily stunne by the sight , sound , and smell of the city . merchant gossip and call to each other from shop door . colorful vendor and pedestrian move along the crowded boulevard . acrobat , puppeteer , and jug - gler perform on street corner . laughter and music drift from tavern and public house . d'artagnan view it all with great enthusiasm . he see the exterior of the musketeer headquarters ... wow ! the future belong to he . 25 athos 25 he cross the courtyard to a large wooden door . but as he reach for the handle , the door fly open and smack he in he injure arm . d'artagnan ( as he enter ) look out ! athos ( wince in pain ) aaarrgghh ... d'artagnan ( in a panic ; look around ) where be they ? where be the musketeer ? I be in the right place , be not I ? athos ( through gritt tooth ) not as far as I be concerned . athos be wear he cape in such a way that it hide he musketeer tunic . d'artagnan have no idea who he 's deal with . d'artagnan but this be musketeer headquarters ... ( continued ) 20 . 25 continued : 25 athos no. this be musketeer headquarters . d'artagnan you mean it 's be move ? athos I mean the musketeer have be disband . feel free to poke around for souvenir . d'artagnan what do you mean ' disband ' ? athos some nonsense about be need in the army . now if you will excuse I ... d' artagnan block athos ' path . d'artagnan but I just get here . how can I become a musketeer if they have be disband ? athos I would say you have get a problem . d'artagnan grab athos by he injure arm . athos , stif - ling pain , fix d' artagnan with a deadly look . athos you could use a lesson in manners . d' artagnan touch he sword , eye flash at the pos - sibility of a duel . d'artagnan any time . athos I be in a hurry now -- but I will meet you at the carme - deshaux monastery at noon . athos exit . d'artagnan ( call after he ) I will be there ten minute early . ( more ) ( continued ) 21 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 d'artagnan ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) a hour in Paris , and I already have my first duel ! just then , d' artangnan spy two familiar figure on horseback , distinctive cloak hide they face . Anne and constance , though he do not yet know they name . d' artagnan hurry after . CUT to : 26 ext . street of paris - day 26 start close on porthos , he rogue 's grin , the twinkle in he eye . porthos but , Catherine , do not you see ? as a outlaw I will be constantly on the run from the cardinal 's guard , a refugee . think of all the place you can hide I . I be think of they now . 27 another angle 27 reveal porthos lean against a open window , speak amiably to a pretty woman on the other side . she dab a tear from she eye , manage a nod . 28 angle on d'artagnan 28 meanwhile , d' artagnan race around another corner , down a narrow lane , and speed after the lady on horseback . he dash through a muddy puddle -- spraying foul water all over porthos where he stand . d'artagnan do not notice , a huge cart load with wine barrel have roll into view , block the lane . fellow traveler shout complaint , the cart driver shake he head , make a obscene gesture . it 's a seventeenth century traffic jam . d'artagnan see Anne and constance dismount in the dis - tance , tie they horse , and step into a alley . a man wait in the shadow to escort they . d' artagnan leap off he horse , he mean to continue he pursuit on foot . but he take two quick step , and ... run directly into porthos ' outstretch hand . ( continued ) 22 . 28 continued : 28 d'artagnan look up -- literally , give porthos ' impre - sive stature -- and see the musketeer 's muddy tunic , and worse , a unique and expensive sash , now thoroughly soile . porthos ( not a glimmer of a grin ) do you know where this sash come from ? d'artagnan no. porthos it be a gift from the Queen of America . porthos ' righteous indignation be more impressive than he knowledge of current affair . d' artagnan correct . d'artagnan there be no Queen of America . porthos ( to pretty woman ) Madame Augustine , would you excuse I for a moment , I be go to kill he . ( back to d' artagnan ; ever the gentleman ) now , where be we ? d'artagnan ( glance at the lady ; the alley ) I ride through a puddle , muddy you sash , the Queen of America except there be not one , I be in a hurry , and you be about to challenge I to a duel . porthos ( amused ) I be ? d'artagnan that seem to be the local custom . porthos let out a weary sigh . he shake he head . ( continued ) 23 . 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 porthos everywhere I go , it 's always the same . there 's always some kid who think he 's hot with a sword ... some itchy punk who want to go up against the great porthos ... d'artagnan the great who ? porthos the great porthos . ( when d' artagnan be not impressed ) I , you idiot . d'artagnan give he a blank look . porthos do not you know who I be ? d'artagnan the world 's great talker ? porthos could not be more insulted . he sputter with rage . porthos all right , you little puke ! you want to die ? so be it ! one o'clock behind the luxembourg ! and bring a coffin ! d'artagnan bring you own ! 29 ext . street of paris - alley - day 29 d'artagnan think he see Anne and constance , race down the alley , turn a corner , down a short street , make a hasty decision , run down yet another alley ... and tum - ble into a shadowy lane . he stop , look leave and right . and do see they . the lady enter a chapel 's back door , close the door behind they . d' artagnan fly after , skid across cob - blestone , rip the door open ... and find himself face to face with the man who have escort Anne and constance this far . d'artagnan let I pass . ( continued ) 24 . 29 continued : 29 cardinal' guard I be afraid that 's not possible . d'artagnan I must speak to that young woman . cardinal' guard the young woman do not wish to be speak to . d'artagnan I have something that belong to the Queen . guard ( alert ) what ? d'artagnan a bracelet . guard I will deliver it for you . d'artagnan no , you have be enough help already . would you be so kind as to point out the carme - deshaux monastery ? the Guard point to a large building in the distance with a large cross . CUT to : 30 int . room 30 pan across the virgin Mary and many light candle to a beautiful damsel share a love seat with the third musketeer , the dash aramis . aramis have a book open and be read from it . the damsel suddenly grab aramis and kiss he on the mouth . aramis politely extricate himself . he 's not the least bit embarrassed , only slightly amused . aramis madam , I be flatter but I think you want I to tutor you in theology . ( continued ) 25 . 30 continued : 30 damsel Excuse I , monsieur aramis . but when you start talk about original Sin , I lose control and become impassion . it will not happen again . aramis there 's nothing unholy about express one 's emotion . on the contrary . religion should be experience in a passionate , all - embrace way . we should feel free to express we spirituality . damsel yes , darling ! the damsel attack he again . suddenly , a pound on the door . man ( o.s. ) open up ! damsel ( a gasp of fear ) my husband ! aramis you husband !? damsel aramis -- run ! but aramis ' heart be too noble . he get down on he knee . aramis first we must pray to God for forgiveness . that 's when the door burst open and the lady 's husband , a irate marquis enter with a pistol . his eye blaze with madness . he aim the pistol at aramis ' head . aramis on second think , God 's often busy . aramis leap to he foot and sprint for the open window . as the Marquis aim and fire , aramis put one foot on the ledge and leap into space . the shot miss he by inch . 26 . 31 STREET below 31 as d' artagnan run past . aramis land on top of he and they go crash to the cobblestone . as they untangle themselves and get up ... aramis thanks . you break my fall perfectly . but I do apologize for the inconvenience ... d'artagnan ( angry ) get off I ! d'artagnan push aramis aside . aramis grab d' artagnan by the scruff of he neck and pull he back . aramis if there 's one thing I can not abide , it 's rudeness . d'artagnan you fall on I ! aramis and I apologize for it . d'artagnan I suppose you would like to teach I a lesson in manners , too . aramis I would be honore . d' artagnan brighten . another duel ! d'artagnan how 's two o'clock behind the luxembourg ? aramis bow politely . aramis if that 's where you wish to die , I will not disappoint you . until then ... aramis take off . d' artagnan swell with pride . d'artagnan Three duel in one day . I love this town . CUT to : 27 . 32 ext . louvre - day 32 the Royal Palace of Louis xiii . anne ( v.o. ) have you see the King ? seneschal ( v.o. ) no , you majesty . 33 int . throne room - day 33 Anne , or rather , Queen Anne , step into the throne room , a massive cathedral - like chamber . twin throne occupy a raise dais . a entire wall be cover with a spectac - ular map of the world . the map contain every know country and continent , include the New World . the seneschal exit , close the door with a resounding boom . Anne pause , all alone in the big , drafty chamber . and for the first time , she look and act she age . barely a woman , chill by the ghost of all the french king and queen who come before she . and a long way from home . Anne step to the great map of the world . she reach out to touch she own country , Austria , feel a pang of separation . we hear : man ( o.s. ) you majesty ... Anne react with a start . a tall , powerfully build man stand in the shadow , a spectre in red . anne cardinal Richelieu , you surprised I . cardinal Richelieu step out of the darkness . he smile . richelieu how be you ride ? Richelieu 's question take she by surprise . he bow before Anne . consider a reply , she extend she hand . the cardinal kiss it . anne my ride ...? well , I ... I be not sure ... richelieu ( rise up ) forgive I . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 . 33 continued : 33 richelieu ( cont 'd ) but you welfare be more than a matter of personal interest . it be a matter of State . but rest assure , you secret be safe with I . his manner be both charming and paternal . Anne , smart enough to exercise caution in all she palace dealing , be nonetheless touch by he concern . anne thank you . Richelieu turn to the great map , speak gently . richelieu you be homesick . anne ( after a beat ) Lonely . be that the same thing ? richelieu sometimes . Richelieu bring he eye back to Anne , continue : richelieu Austria 's loss be France 's gain . anne I be not sure my new husband share you opinion . richelieu nonsense . he 's young , not blind . anne mostly , he be absent . I have barely see his majesty since we wedding , and that be three month ago . whenever he 's around I , he have nothing to say . richelieu arrange marriage can be difficult . you father and I think yours would bring Austria and France closer together . ( continued ) 29 . 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 anne country align more swiftly than people , I be afraid . Louis and I remain ... far apart . richelieu May I advise you ? he say it with seem humility , not condescension . Anne nod assent . richelieu Louis be only nine year old when he father be assassinate . he lose he childhood forever that day . I have watch he grow toward manhood , see the toll he life demand . a boy who be not allow to be a boy sometimes have difficulty become a man . he be shy , yet boastful . give , yet stubborn . but most of all , he be not yet sure exactly who he be . the boy who lose he father . or the King of France . anne but how can I ...? richelieu flatter he . make the boy feel like a King . so that the King may be you husband . Anne consider he eloquent advice , formulate a reply ... when the huge door to the throne room open with a dull boom , the seneschal chant : seneschal his majesty , the King . the seneschal step aside as louis xiii enter . he be surprisingly young , no older than d' artagnan . his face be handsome and intelligent . richelieu you majesty . louis cardinal Richelieu , I have be look for you . as Louis stride toward they , Richelieu and Anne bow . ( continued ) 30 . 33 continued : ( 3 ) 33 when Louis see Anne , he react with a almost imper - ceptible start . her presence catch he off guard . louis oh. anne. hello . I do not know you be here . Louis hide he nervousness , not to mention he love , behind a formal veneer . Anne , emboldene by Richelieu 's confidence , reply : anne would you like I to go ? Louis suddenly remember the reason he 's here . determin - ation breed a more capable attitude . louis no. please , stay . ( to Richelieu , aware that she be watch he ) you eminence , I demand a answer . richelieu ( hide he amusement ) perhaps if I know the question ... louis I have just be tell that you go ahead and disband my musketeer . richelieu you approve the decision . louis but not the timing of the matter . I intend to address they myself , explain the situation ... richelieu you majesty , France be on the brink of war . we dare not hesitate . louis but this man be my personal guard ... richelieu they be the bravest fighter in France . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . 33 continued : ( 4 ) 33 richelieu ( cont 'd ) we will need they in the field if we be to win this war with England . Buckingham plan to invade La rochelle within the month . I think it best to act quickly -- louis I will be the judge of what be best . for I , and for France . he say it with newfound resolve . Richelieu receive the rebuke with quiet grace . Anne watch the latter closely , suppress a smile . the boy be nearer to King than Richelieu imagine . richelieu of course . forgive I . a tense beat . Anne , feel out of place , step toward the door . louis Anne ? be you all right ? anne you two should continue this discussion in private . louis ( hesitates , seek a reason for she to stay ) you thought on the matter interest I . they might ... help . anne it seem to I that ... you be do very well on you own . she mean it . Anne smile , exit . a beat . Louis sigh . louis she 's beautiful . richelieu extremely . louis intelligent . richelieu very . ( continued ) 32 . 33 continued : ( 5 ) 33 louis ( after a beat ) sometimes she scare I half to death . richelieu May I advise you ? repetition reveal calculation . Louis nod . and the cardinal surprise with quiet humor : richelieu she scare I too . as do all woman who join beauty to intelligence . what 's a man to do ? louis ( enjoy the cardinal 's humor ) I have no idea . richelieu the course of love be full of frightful turn . but , no matter how you feel , no matter how hopelessly afraid ... never let she know that you be anything other than the bravest and most confident man in France . make that you start point , and everything else will fall ... into place . louis the bravest man in France ... richelieu good advice for a shopkeeper . let alone a King . a beat . Richelieu act as the lose father . and Louis appreciate it , speak as a son : louis you eminence , I be sorry that I be sharp with you . it 's just that the musketeer ... well , they be not just my guard . they be my friend too . richelieu I know . but do not worry . ( more ) ( continued ) 33. 33 continued : ( 6 ) 33 richelieu ( cont 'd ) from now on , I will take complete responsibility for you welfare . indeed he will . CUT to : 34 int . / ext . throne room / hallway - day 34 Richelieu burst out of the throne room and be join by rochefort . walk quickly down a long hallway . rochefort he 's a foolish boy . and barely that . richelieu that foolish boy be about to become a man . ( off rochefort 's look ) which be all the more reason for we to act ... quickly . rochefort ( react , know what this portend ) and the Queen ...? richelieu ( he smile , lewd ) she will receive I in way she never think possible . privately . hold on the cardinal and rochefort , watch the King and Queen below . CUT to : 35 ext . street of paris - day 35 d'artagnan walk proudly toward the carme - deschaux monastery , bold and brave , he future at hand . suddenly . coach driver ( o.s. ) get out of the way , idiot !! a speed carriage bear down on he . d' artagnan leap from its path , stumble . he look up in time to see the passenger inside , and for a moment , time seem to stop . ( continued ) 34 . 35 continued : 35 she be a noblewoman of remarkable beauty , she face frame by the carriage window . Long blonde curly hair that cascade in ringlet to she shoulder , languid blue eye , and skin as white as alabaster . she be know as milady do winter . she be to sex , what constance be to innocence . d'artagnan watch as if in a dream . the carriage , the beautiful woman inside it . Paris wrap its arm around the young man 's heart . suddenly : a second face enter the carriage window , replace hers , jarring by contrast . it be the fierce visage of milady 's indo - chinese bodyguard , parker . the bodyguard glare , pull at the carriage window curtain , take milady , the dream , from view . hold on d' artagnan , bewitch , as the carriage rumble off into the city . CUT to : 36 ext . street of paris - seine - Pov shot - day 36 a beautiful house situate near the seine . milady 's carriage stop before it . she step to the street , parker follow . after a brief speak exchange , the body - guard depart on some errand . henri , the driver , a brutal - look fellow , incongruous in he elegant coachman 's uniform , snap the rein , and guide the carriage away . milady step inside . 37 another angle - Pov 37 reveal this to have be the Pov of two man stand in the shadow across the street . count do winter , forty - five , a kind face etched with sadness , and armand do winter , twenty - five , he son . they be well - dress . but they manner and appearance suggest that they have travel a long distance to find she . count do winter wait here . armand but , Father ... count do winter wait . he will not consider otherwise . armand sigh , stand in the shadow , and watch he father cross toward milady 's house . CUT to : 35 . 38 int . milady' house - day 38 milady stand before a mirror , reach for one of the many ivory comb that adorn she hair . as she place the comb we notice a small flower - like tattoo on she arm . she pause to admire she beauty , then to see the image of Count de Winter , now stand behind she , he eye dark and cold . milady do not move from the reflect glass , she smile . milady Count de Winter . count do winter ( as much happiness as the think allow ) we find you . milady ( eye on the mirror ) yes . now that you have , what will you do ? count do winter bring you back . to pay for what you do to my son . milady and if I resist ...? count do winter ( voice break with emotion ) I will kill you with my bare hand . the Count step closer , close enough to touch . milady , eye bright with excitement , the smile still play about she lip , reply : milady well if that 's the case , I would better start pack . but first , my hair ... milady , who have be remove comb throughout , reach for the next , and ... CUT to : 39 ext . milady' house - day 39 armand keep he eye on milady 's house opposite . no sign of he father . he look about , impatient ... and step across the street to enter . CUT to : 36 . 40 int . milady' house - day 40 armand climb a flight of stair . still no sign of he father , or milady . he call out : armand Father ? worry make he hurry . armand take hasty step into milady 's bedroom . the first thing he see be he own face in the mirror . the second be he father 's inert body below it . armand gasp , race to he side . a thin trail of bright blood be see briefly at the older man 's ear . armand gather he father up into he arm , and begin to weep . CUT to : 41 ext . carme -deschaux monastery - day 41 the monastery be a windowless building border by a barren field , a dueling ground for man who have little time to waste . athos sit on a stone bench , wait for he adversary to arrive . his horse be hobble nearby . d'artagnan ride into view , dismount . athos ten minute early . d'artagnan I have another appointment at one . athos you will miss it , I be afraid . d'artagnan I will try my best to be on time . athos appreciate the young man 's retort , take a closer look . then he rise to he foot , the pain in he arm make he wince . athos I ask two of my friend to act as second , but they be not as punctual . d'artagnan notice athos ' pain expression , the blood on he sleeve . d'artagnan but you be wounded . athos do not worry . I fight just as well with my leave hand . ( continued ) 37 . 41 continued : 41 d'artagnan if you would rather kill I another time ... athos thanks , but I see my second come now . porthos and aramis arrive on horseback . they dismount , view d' artagnan with amazement . d'artagnan react with similar surprise , smile sheepishly . porthos ( to athos ) what be you do ? you can not fight this man . athos why not ? porthos because I be fight he . d'artagnan Excuse I , monsieur . but not until one o'clock . aramis ( amused ) wait a minute . I have get a duel with he , too . d'artagnan yes , sir . but not until two . athos ( to d' artagnan ) how long have you be in Paris ? d'artagnan I arrive this morning . athos you have be ... busy . d'artagnan I have also fall in love . athos ( gruff to a fault ) better to die for love than to live for it . gentlemen ? ( continued ) 38 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 athos gesture for aramis and porthos to stand aside . he draw he saber , ready to fight . a beat . and in that moment , d' artagnan 's face reveal a emotion he have never feel before in he young life . fear . athos see it , allow he a moment to withdraw he saber . d' artagnan do so , they square off , touch saber , and ... ... jussac lead a patrol of the cardinal 's Guards into view . jussac there they be !! athos and d' artagnan separate as jussac and he four swordsman stride towards they . aramis jussac . again . athos step forward to meet he . athos I tell you the next time we meet I would want a answer . but I do not expect you so soon . jussac the three of you be under arrest . the boy' of no interest to I and be free to go . do you intend to resist ? porthos oh , do not be stupid . of course we intend to resist . just give we a second . porthos huddle with athos and aramis . porthos interesting odd . five of they and three of we . aramis it hardly seem fair . let 's give they the chance to surrender . d'artagnan ( interrupt ) Excuse I , but there be four of we . they turn and regard d' artagnan . ( continued ) 39 . 41 continued : ( 3 ) 41 athos this be not you fight . you be not a musketeer . d'artagnan I may not wear the uniform , but I believe I have the heart of a musketeer . the three musketter exchange smile . d'artagnan 's youthful bravado manage a small dent in they cynicism . porthos bold and brave . aramis a poet . athos have you get a name , boy ? d'artagnan d'artagnan . porthos ( startle ) d'artagnan ? the name have meaning for all of they . the musketeer look at each other , deadpan , shake they head . aramis impossible . porthos it could not be . athos know that it be . he step forward , extend a hand . the other follow , shake as well . athos intro - duce each in turn . athos athos ... porthos ... aramis . d'artagnan please to meet you ... how do you do ?... good to see you again ... meanwhile , jussac and he Guards look on with increase impatience . he clear he throat , draw he saber . the musketeer turn toward the Guards , d' artagnan stand among they . ( continued ) 40 . 41 continued : ( 4 ) 41 porthos well . now that we be all acquainted ... athos the cardinal 's Guards . d'artagnan and the musketeer draw they sword ... and charge . 42 fight 42 suddenly : nine man be lock in mortal combat . athos take a Guard name cahusac , porthos battle biscarat , and aramis battle with two adversary at once . d'artagnan look for a opponent ... and find himself face to face with jussac . the fight style of the musketeer be a exuberant mix - ture of style and technique . athos be a brutal sword - man , he stroke overpower and savage . his repertoire also include swift kick , solid punch , the occasional elbow when necessary . aramis be a seamless and graceful technician , he handle he two opponent with balletic ease , a artist work with steel and flesh , rather than paint and canvas . and last , and perhaps the most entertaining of all , porthos . he be a walk arsenal , carry a variety of bizarre weapon on he body -- a crossbow , dagger , bolo , nunchuck -- all of which he use with the polished skill of a master . add this funhouse of armament to he already impressive size and strength , and you have a one - man wreck crew of epic proportion . d'artagnan 's youthful energy be by now familiar . he bound about like a newborn tiger , encircle he adver - sary , change stance and shifting he ground with alac - rity . jussac be have a hard time defend himself against he opponent who seem to be attack from all direction at once . jussac ( lose patience ) stand still ! how do you expect I to kill you if you keep jump around !! 43 monastery 43 a monk watch from the bell tower , incense by the battle raging on the field below . he grab the bell rope , give it a mighty pull ... and sound a clamorous alarm . 41 . 44 back to scene 44 porthos react to the interruption with irritation . he produce a pair of nunchuck . biscarat look at the odd weapon with professional curiosity , slight confusion ... and porthos whacks he on the side of the head , knock he to the ground . porthos ( eye on the tower ) damn monk . always spoil everybody 's fun . aramis reply while shifting from one foe to the next . aramis they be nearer to God ... porthos they be about to get a little nearer to the hilt of my sword . aramis pagan . porthos papist . porthos slide over to handle one of aramis ' opponent . he would rather bicker from close range . but biscarat struggle to he foot , grab he saber . porthos see he , sigh . porthos ( to aramis ) Excuse I ? aramis I be fine , thank you . and porthos return to he original foe . meanwhile , athos ' heavy stroke take they toll . cahusac stagger , wounded in arm , shoulder , graze at the head -- and fall to the ground with a thud . aramis call out to he , indicate d' artagnan : aramis take a look at we young friend . athos you mean he 's still alive ? not only be d' artagnan alive , but he 's make a fool out of jussac . frustrate , enraged , jussac make a full lunge at he , but d' artagnan duck , then slip under jussac 's sword like a snake and run he through . ( continued ) 42 . 44 continued : 44 jussac fall to the ground , lie still . he be dead . athos and aramis react , impressed . then turn they full attention on weaken foe . they disarm and disable they with swift stroke . meanwhile , porthos chase biscarat into a grove of tree . the Guard have discover the better part of valor , now run for he life . porthos -- who be at play as much as he be war -- take a Spanish bolo from he cloak , and whip the ball over he head . biscarat hear the odd whizzing sound , turn to face he . the color drain from he face . biscarat now what ...? porthos let the bolo fly -- it catch biscarat about the neck , the ball slam into he head . the Guard drop to the ground without a sound . porthos God , I love my work . 45 aftermath 45 a sudden silence , save for the occasional dull groan . d'artagnan scan the battlefield , see aramis bend over jussac 's body , speak in solemn tone under he breath . d'artagnan ( to athos ) what 's he do ? athos last rite . aramis take death very seriously . porthos return in high spirit , stashes the bolo in a pouch under he cloak . d' artagnan see the other weapon there , include a boomerang . maybe next time . porthos ( be : the bolo ) do you know where this bolo come from ? d'artagnan ( a bold jest , give the circumstance ) the Queen of America ? porthos Spain . ( continued ) 43. 45 continued : 45 porthos deadpan , then grin acceptance . all for one , and one for all . d' artagnan beam . aramis do not encourage he . by kill jussac , the boy 's make himself a outlaw too . athos not if he leave Paris . which be exactly what he 's go to do . d'artagnan I can not leave . I just get here . porthos go home , find a wench , live long and prosper . d'artagnan why can not I stay with you ? aramis and porthos look to athos . as always , he will decide . athos because I do not want you to . it 's hard to say whether he 's act out of concern for the boy ... or he simply do not give a damn . whatever the case , d' artagnan be crestfallen . the musketeer mount they horse , porthos and aramis adopt a friendlier tone . aramis I know athos may seem cold and unfriendly , but do not let that fool you . porthos he really be cold and unfriendly . aramis but he 's also right . this be we fight , not yours . go on , get out of here . d'artagnan whatever happen to the motto of the musketeer ? ' all for one , and one for all . ' athos wake up , boy . the musketeer be just a dream . ( continued ) 44 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 athos spur he horse , ride away . aramis and porthos follow . hold on d' artagnan as he watch the musketeer grow small in the distance . then , sadly , he step to he horse , climb into the saddle . it have be both the best and the worst day of he young life . that 's when a group of horseman come riding around the corner of the monastery -- five cardinal 's Guards lead by rochefort himself . they see they wounded comrade , jussac dead , and the three musketeer escape in the distance . rochefort ( point ) there they go ! after they ! but before rochefort and the Guards can give chase , d' artagnan ride into the middle of the field to challenge they , as if to further prove himself worthy of the blue and gold . d'artagnan ( defiant ) Long live the musketeer . and d' artagnan draw he saber . at distance the three muskeeter rein they horse , look back to d' artagnan 's bold charge . porthos ( with admiration ) do you believe this kid . d'artagnan gallop toward the Guards to engage they . he race through pistol shot like a demon possess . rochefort ride to the lead , draw he sword . rochefort ( shout to the other ) fall back ! I will take he myself ! and like two jousting knight , d' artagnan and rochefort meet in the middle of the field . they blade connect with a resounding clash , d' artagnan be knock clear of he saddle . he hit the ground with a painful thud . rochefort 's Guards leap towards he . 45 . 46 angle to include muskeee 46 porthos and aramis be greatly move by d' artagnan 's courage . porthos rochefort 's get the boy . athos ( seemingly unmove ) too bad . aramis you can not just leave he . athos spur he horse , ride away . aramis and porthos exchange sad look and hopeful comment . aramis he have a plan . porthos definitely . a plan . and with that , they gallop after . 47 back to scene 47 meanwhile , d' artagnan be soon outnumber , and quickly subdued . guard this boy fight like a wildcat . d'artagnan ( exhaust ) thank you . the Guard clobber d' artagnan with the scabbard of he sword . the last thing d' artagnan see be the three musketeer riding into the distance . then the world tilt , goe suddenly black . fade in : 48 ext . bastille - night 48 the wall and tower of France 's most infamous prison rise to meet a starless sky . the portcullis be raise by men-at-arm , admit a spectacular crimson carriage pull by a team of snow - white stallion . the emblem of the cardinal of France be emblazon on the carriage door , and through its window we see the profile of Richelieu . ( continued ) 46 . 48 continued : 48 lovingly , he finger the upholstery of he extravagant carriage . CUT to : 49 int . dungeon - night 49 a chamber in hell . spider the size of rat , rat the size of small dog . a foul stench in the air . d'artagnan be sprawle in a corner , unconscious , on a filthy matte floor . the sharp tip of a sword poke he in the chest . d' artagnan wake with a start , spring back into action . as if he be still battle jussac at the carme - deschaux . he slap the sword away , leap to he foot , and reach for he own . but it be go . d'artagnan my sword -- rochefort it 's magnificent . where do you get it ? rochefort step into view , the familiar eyepatch , admire d' artagnan 's sword in he hand . d'artagnan ( after a beat ) it belong to my father . rochefort you father ... rochefort study d' artagnan for a long moment , then ... rochefort well now it belong to I . I collect sword . I take they from the man I kill . d'artagnan I be not dead yet . d' artagnan start forward . but rochefort raise the sword , point it at he throat . d' artagnan freeze , feel the sharp tip of the blade . rochefort soon enough . rochefort shove d' artagnan back to the floor with a heavy boot . a beat . d' artagnan peer at he dismal surroundings . ( continued ) 47 . 49 continued : 49 d'artagnan where be I ? rochefort I will give you a hint . it 's not the Louvre . d'artagnan ( realize ) the bastille ! I be in the bastille ! rochefort well , you be the first person who be ever happy to be here . unfortunately , you visit will be a short one . d'artagnan what do you mean ? rochefort you kill one of the cardinal 's Guards . a offense punishable by death . d'artagnan he interrupt a duel I be fight . rochefort also punishable by death . d'artagnan it be a long day . rochefort you know they ? d'artagnan who ? rochefort the musketeer . d' artagnan say nothing . he will not betray they . rochefort lean close . rochefort tell I where they be , and I will be lenient . d'artagnan how ? ( continued ) 48 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 rochefort ( after a beat ) I will give you you father 's sword . a long beat . d'artagnan eye the gleam saber , forge in the crusade . he nod , gesture for rochefort to come closer . as if to impart a secret . rochefort tilt downward , d' artagnan rise up ... and whisper . d'artagnan give I my father 's sword , and I will cut out you heart . bold word , bad timing . rochefort snarl , slam the hilt of the sword into d' artagnan 's head . the youth slump from the wooden stool to the floor , unconscious . rochefort fool . like you father . rochefort storm from the cell . he nod at a grizzle jailer on he way out , indicate the chain and manacle on the cell wall . the jailer scurries over to d' artagnan , inert in a shallow puddle of foul water . he lift , drag he toward the chain -- but d' artagnan 's eye pop open , the jailer react with surprise , and ... CUT to : 50 int . bastille - corridor - night 50 the jailer exit from d' artagnan 's cell , close the heavy door behind he . a closer look reveal d' artagnan in the jailer 's soile tunic , eye bright with adventure . he look leave and right -- dank corridor , darkness , the occasional groan . and step lightly into the shadow . 51 on d'artagnan 51 he seek exit , find only a labyrinth . two jailer con - verse , step towards he . d'artagnan leap into a cell doorway , allow they to pass . suddenly : scabrous hand reach from inside the cell , grab d' artagnan by the throat . he shudder , leap free . and continue . d'artagnan step deeper in the labyrinth . frustrate , no way out . just then : more footstep head toward he . d'artagnan seek refuge , watch as a cloak figure step into view , accompany by a retinue of sullen jailer . d'artagnan think fast ... and join they . CUT to : 49 . 52 int . bastille - night 52 d'artagnan keep step with the cloak figure , the ret - inue . he keep he head down , glance at the corridor ahead , look for a way out . but the cloak figure be escort up a long stairway , into another hall , and toward a pristine wooden door . d' artagnan watch as the door open , revealing ... cardinal Richelieu , a fear - some apparition in red , the most powerful man in France . d'artagnan 's jaw drop . the cloak figure step inside . the jailer disperse . d'artagnan take step as if to join they ... then turn back , eye the door , the cardinal and the cloak figure now behind it . 53 angle to include interior 53 the cloak figure bow to the cardinal . Richelieu smile , concupiscent . rochefort stand in a corner , ignore for the moment . richelieu I have a errand that require you singular talent . the figure rise . the hood fall back ... revealing the unforgettable feature of milady de Winter . she answer the cardinal 's smile with a seductive expression . milady I be beginning to think you would forget I . richelieu forget you ? impossible . Richelieu and milady share a look of intimacy , two viper from the same pit . 54 outside door 54 d'artagnan slip closer , reach for the handle , find it unlock . he open the door a fraction , hold a ear close ... 55 back to scene 55 Richelieu produce a seal document from he sleeve , and hand it to milady . richelieu carry this to the Duke of Buckingham . ( continued ) 50 . 55 continued : 55 milady ( impressed ) you do it . a alliance with Buckingham . richelieu the King leave I no choice . now that he 's come of age , the boy believe he should rule France . instead of I . rochefort know what this portend . he step from the corner . rochefort you be go to go through with ... everything ? richelieu ( silence he with a glance ) yes. everything . ( to milady ) you be to leave for calais at once . a ship call the persephone will carry you to England . it sail Tuesday , midnight . I want Buckingham 's signature next to mine before the King 's birthday . Friday . milady consider it do . richelieu and do so , shall earn you the gratitude of ... a King . Richelieu 's not talk about Louis . he 's talk about himself . CUT to : 56 int . bastille - corridor - night 56 d'artagnan leap back from the door as it open , head down , shuffles to join the retinue of jailer as they return to view . milady , unrecognizable behind she cloak , step into the corridor , the retinue escort she forward . d' artagnan fall into place , eye down , eager for escape . just then : a hand slam down upon he shoulder . d'artagnan look up into the face of Captain rochefort . 51 . 57 ext . bastille - milady' coach 57 exiting . CUT to : 58 int . bastille - night 58 d'artagnan land with a thud at Richelieu 's foot . rochefort hiss : rochefort on you knee . when d' artagnan fail to respond , rochefort give he a mighty kick . d'artagnan scramble into the correct posture of supplication . rochefort continue : rochefort this be the boy who kill jussac . d'artagnan I can explain that -- rochefort silence ! rochefort punch d' artagnan in the head , knock he to the floor . the cardinal frown . richelieu rochefort . violence solve nothing . leave he to I . d'artagnan react to the cardinal 's reasonable tone . rochefort make a sullen exit . the cardinal smile . richelieu please . sit down . d'artagnan react with perceptible awe , as if see he first movie star . he sit in a finely brocade chair , look at the cardinal , a apparition in red . the cardinal speak , he manner casual , friendly . richelieu how much do you hear ? d'artagnan ( bust ) not a word , you eminence . I step from my cell for a breath of air , and become lose in the corridor , it 's dark as you know , but then I see a light up ahead , the light over you door , I ... ( continued ) 52 . 58 continued : 58 Richelieu smile , dismiss d' artagnan 's tale with a wave of he hand . richelieu you may have many talent , my young friend . but guile be not one of they . do you have a name ? d'artagnan d'artagnan . richelieu I have hear that name before . be you a gascon ? d'artagnan yes , you eminence . richelieu tell I . what bring you to Paris . and do not say 'a horse . ' d'artagnan I come to join the King 's musketeer . richelieu bad timing . d'artagnan so I have hear . richelieu d'artagnan , I like you . I could use a capable young man like you in my Guards . d'artagnan I be honore , you eminence , but I do not think I would be very popular with the other man . not after today . richelieu I suppose not . you heart be set on be a musketeer . ( off he look ) when I be you age , I too have dream of join the musketeer . d'artagnan ( surprised ) you , you eminence ? ( continued ) 53. 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 richelieu why not ? become a musketeer be the fantasy of every young frenchman . or should I say it be ... ( with seem kindness , reason ) like the Knights of the round table , the musketeer have outlive they usefulness . they be a thing of the past . ( beat ) and so have you three friend . tell I where they be , d' artagnan , and I will spare you life . Richelieu 's seem kindness conceal a heart of ice . d' artagnan see it now , reply quietly . no longer in awe , but in opposition . d'artagnan I be sorry . but I can not tell you what I do not know . richelieu in that case , give my regards to the headsman . d'artagnan what about my trial ? richelieu you have just have it . Richelieu turn for the door , mean to dismiss he . d' artagnan call after . d'artagnan wait -- richelieu why ? do you object to lose you head ? d'artagnan yes . I like it where it be . richelieu then tell I what I want to know , and perhaps you will keep it there a few year longer . ( beat ) where be the three musketeer ? ( continued ) 54 . 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 d'artagnan I do not know . richelieu and if you do ? d'artagnan ( after a beat ) I would not tell you . richelieu I admire you courage , young man . you might have make a fine musketeer after all . Richelieu open the door . rochefort wait on the other side . richelieu but we will never know , will we ? rochefort step into the room , grab d' artagnan roughly by the arm , hurl he from the chair to the floor . this time Richelieu do not utter protest . instead , he turn to the Captain , command : richelieu find the three musketeer and kill they . rochefort they will be dead by dawn . richelieu a comforting think . good night , d' artagnan . enjoy it . Morning come quickly . with that , cardinal Richelieu sweep into the dark . hold on d' artagnan for a beat . History 's pawn . CUT to : 59 ext . bastille - market square - day 59 bell toll . a motley crowd gather around the execution scaffold , hold back by men-at-arm . a hood executioner mount the step of the scaffold in the company of a priest . the Priest wear a black cassock and a broad black sombrero . the executioner , a large man , raise he axe and touch the end of the blade , cut he finger . razor-sharp . the executioner hold up he bloody thumb . ( continued ) 55 . 59 continued : 59 the crowd roar approval . and turn to regard the day 's victim as he be roll into view . d'artagnan stand , half - naked , he hand bound behind he , in a horse - draw cart . the driver turn the cart , begin a circuit of the square . the blood - thirsty crowd cheer and jeer at d' artagnan . but d' artagnan keep he head high . if he must die , he will die with dignity . 60 tower of bastille 60 rochefort watch from a tower overlook the square . Richelieu appear beside he . rochefort milady leave at midnight . by private coach . richelieu a remarkable woman . the most beautiful I have ever know . and the deadly . which would explain my attraction . ( peer down at the scene ) how be we young daredevil hold up ? rochefort he 's wishing he would never hear of the musketeer . down below , the horse cart reach the scaffold . a man - at - arm drop the tailgate , d' artagnan step down . he be take into the custody of a captain of the guard , and several men-at -arm carry musket . 61 another angle 61 the cardinal 's familiar carriage be park a safe distance from the square . the Guards who attend it have wander off to watch the festivity . the coachman remain , seat on top , braid he whip . suddenly , a glove hand grab the coachman , yank he from he seat . 62 scaffold 62 d'artagnan be lead by the Captain of the Guards up the stair to the execution platform . the executioner and the Priest wait patiently above . d'artagnan see the bloodstain block where he neck will soon lie ; pale . the Priest mutter comfort : ( continued ) 56 . 62 continued : 62 priest fear not , my son ... d'artagnan regards the Priest whose face be hide be - neath the brim of he broad black hat . he hold a large Bible in he hand . priest for we be with you , always . the Priest raise he face , reveal it ... and wink . it be aramis . he whisper : aramis all for one , and one for all ... d'artagnan 's heart soar . he turn to face the execu - tioner . porthos grin beneath the hood 's overhang . captain of the guard prepare the prisoner . porthos lay he axe aside , approach d' artagnan in a threaten manner . he take he by the scruff of the neck , and force he head upon the chopping block . the crowd go wild . porthos ( whisper into he ear ) do not worry , boy . you will not feel a thing . the Captain of the Guards give aramis a suspicious look . captain of the guard where be Father rostand today ? aramis the good father be ... all tie up . captain of the guard very well . proceed . porthos nod . 63 another angle 63 meanwhile , on the perimeter of the square , two figure ride on horseback , they wear familiar cloak . a closer look reveal Queen Anne and constance . they ride through the city , towards the countryside beyond . but they progress have lead they here . Anne frown at the spectacle . ( continued ) 57 . 63 continued : 63 anne barbarism . constance Men call it justice . anne be you surprised ? she reply with contempt , rein she horse away from the square , the crowd , the executioner 's axe . but constance freeze in place , eye wide . as d' artagnan , upon the cart , roll into view . constance it 's he . for just a moment , they eye lock . inestimable space between . constance 's eye fill with tear , she watch d' artagnan . porthos step back from d' artagnan , raise he axe . d' artagnan shut he eye , wonder , mutter a silent prayer . that 's when scream of panic erupt from the crowd . d' artagnan raise he head to see the source of this mayhem . 64 market square 64 the cardinal 's crimson carriage race toward the scaffold , scatter the crowd in all direction . Men shout , woman scream , all leaping to avoid the stallion 's sharp hoof , the coach 's thunderous spin wheel . in the driver 's seat , clutching the rein in one hand and cracking a whip in the other ... be athos . porthos use the heavy blunt end of the axe to topple the close men-at-arm . aramis open he Bible , pull out a pistol , and blast the saber from the hand of the Captain of the Guards . a man-at-arm raise he musket to shoot the false priest , but d' artagnan leap out of nowhere , land on he with both foot , knock the man - at - arm off the scaffold . 65 carriage 65 athos pull up alongside the scaffold . athos ( the usual dour expression , but a hint of levity ) gentlemen , you carriage . compliment of the cardinal . ( continued ) 58 . 65 continued : 65 d'artagnan rush to the edge of the scaffold , spring into the air , landing on the seat beside he . aramis and porthos shed they disguise , jump after , light upon the carriage . the roof fabric tear , they drop into the plush interior below . athos crack the whip ... and the stallion race off through the crowd , towards freedom . 66 square 66 constance watch the escape , transfix , delighted . as the carriage barrel from the scaffold , she thrust a glove fist into the air , triumphant . constance yes ! 67 tower 67 but the cardinal look on with horror . richelieu my carriage . 68 carriage 68 athos produce a dagger , cut the leather tie that bind d' artagnan 's wrist . athos hold on ! athos crack the whip , drive the horse onward . CUT to : 69 int . carriage - day 69 aramis and porthos have settle in comfortably . porthos spy a wicker hamper on the floor . porthos well , what have we here ? porthos lift the lid . Inside : bottle of wine , champagne , and a wide assortment of food . porthos how considerate of the cardinal to provide we with a snack . ( continued ) 59 . 69 continued : 69 porthos extract a bottle of wine , grab a turkey leg . aramis look about the interior , spy a small ornate box . aramis hello . aramis open the box , react . it be fill with gold coin , jewelry . aramis how be it that a man of God become a man of gold ? porthos ( look on , grin ) trinket for the lady . aramis let 's share . 70 street of paris - carriage 70 aramis stick he head through the hole in the fabric roof , hand the ornate box to d' artagnan . aramis would you be so good as to distribute this ? you generosity will be greatly appreciate . d'artagnan ( open the box , react ) but ...? aramis ( to the point ) throw the coin , boy . the people be hungry . d'artagnan grab a handful of coin , and toss they into the air . aramis smile approval , drop back to the carriage interior . pedestrian see the gold , shout , and leap after . they hurried step impede the Guards ' pro - gress , horse rear up , soldier tumble . but several of the Guards manage to avoid the obstacle , pursue the carriage with renew determination . d'artagnan hear a loud popping sound , duck . d'artagnan they be fire at we ! ( continued ) 60 . 70 continued : 70 porthos stick he head into view , offer they a bubbling bottle of champagne , the source of the pop sound . porthos Champagne ? athos you know I prefer wine . porthos do not go away . porthos duck down , return with a new bottle . porthos May I recommend this find cabernet ? porthos hand the bottle to athos . athos hand the rein to d' artagnan . d'artagnan struggle with the rein , try to control the horse . and beam , take delight from every instant of adventure . athos smashes the top of the bottle , drink deeply , settles back to enjoy himself . athos turn right at the next street . d'artagnan the next right ...? athos turn . athos growl , d' artagnan jerk at the rein . the carriage careen around the corner , tipping on two wheel . 71 include interior 71 porthos look up from he chest , champagne spill all over he tunic ... and a brand new sash . porthos ( to aramis ) that 's it . next time , you drive . CUT to : 72 ext . STREET - day 72 the carriage charge up a steep hill . at the summit , athos toss aside he bottle , take the rein from d' artagnan . ( continued ) 61 . 72 continued : 72 d'artagnan sigh with relief . athos yank the brake lever , bring the horse to a halt , and leap down from the driver 's seat . d' artagnan follow . athos pull the passenger door open , revealing porthos and aramis inside . gold coin on the carpet at they foot , food and drink between they . athos gentlemen , this be the end of the line . I hope you have a pleasant ride . ( to d' artagnan ) unhitch the horse . d'artagnan but the Guards . d'artagnan point to the bottom of the hill . the mount Guards chase after , begin they ascent . athos do as I say . d'artagnan hurry to the horse . porthos and aramis climb from the cab . porthos emit a content belch . athos ( to aramis ) you pistol and powder , please . aramis hand athos a sack of powder , and he pistol . athos toss the sack into the carriage , take aim with the pistol , and shoot it -- ignite the powder inside . athos stand back . the interior of the cardinal 's carriage burst into flame . 73 bottom of hill 73 d'artagnan and the three musketeer mount the cardinal 's white stallion , race off into the distance . porthos shout , laugh . porthos I would give five year of you life just to see the cardinal 's face ! aramis ten ! CUT to : 62 . 74 richelieu's face 74 the cardinal 's face be contort in fury . he step out of a horse cart , approach the char remain of he be - love carriage . he stare at the smoulder ruin for a long beat . rochefort and a company of Guards stand near - by , wait for he to speak . when he do , he tone be measure and calm . richelieu one thousand pistole on each of they head , dead or alive . the boy know we plan . rochefort react with surprise . CUT to : 75 ext . wood - day 75 d'artagnan and the three musketeer rest against tree trunk in a hide glade , polish off the last of the cardinal 's food and drink . they usual cynicism replace by something approach camaraderie . aramis smile as d' artagnan attack a turkey wing . d'artagnan I have not eat in three day . I guess with all the excitement , I forget . aramis you trip from home have be a eventful one . d'artagnan ( he can not quite believe it ) Three day . porthos I hear of a d' artagnan once . he be a captain in the musketeer when we be just recruit . d'artagnan he be my father . aramis a good man , I be tell . porthos I know there be something familiar about this boy . ( continued ) 63. 75 continued : 75 d'artagnan ( sadly ) he die when I be nine . the mention of the elder d' artagnan 's death cast a pall . d' artagnan continue , tentative , the memory still hurt . d'artagnan all my mother would tell I be that he die in the service of the King . a uncomfortable silence . it be athos who finally speak : athos d'artagnan , you father and another musketeer be ambush and murder outside the Louvre . d'artagnan pale , stunne and silent . he manage a break whisper : d'artagnan this other musketeer -- be he still alive ? I would like to talk to he . athos shake he head . porthos add : porthos you already have . his name be the Count De rochefort . d'artagnan be not listen . he stand suddenly , turn , and walk away . he do not want the musketeer to see the tear form in he eye . aramis shout after : aramis d'artagnan . CUT to : 76 ext . wood - day 76 d'artagnan stand at a flow stream , wipe the tear from he eye . aramis appear at he side , offer silent comfort , a hand on d' artagnan 's shoulder . d'artagnan ( quietly ) I imagine he death a hundred time . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . 76 continued : 76 d'artagnan ( cont 'd ) on a battlefield , defend he King . Fighting bravely for France . and now ... I will find the man who murder my father and kill he where he stand . aramis a man be better measure by he life than by he death . you father be bold , and brave . d'artagnan but you never know he ... aramis he life in you . that 's all the evidence aramis require . d' artagnan pause to reflect . then wonder : d'artagnan and you father ? aramis I be orphane at a young age . the church take I in . d'artagnan you do not have one . aramis but I do . he be a great man , a leader of the church . and he example inspire I to dedicate my life to God 's service . aramis open he cloak , reveal a priestly cloth . a secret he carry near to he heart . d'artagnan you be a priest ... aramis I be a fool . ( eye on the cool water ) this great man , this father , betrayed the church , and turn he back on God . to worship power and gold . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 aramis ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) it break my heart to see it . d'artagnan and you become a musketeer . aramis I join the musketeer and a strange thing happen . I get my faith back . d'artagnan but who be that man ... aramis ( turn to face he ) all of France know he . his eminence , the cardinal Richelieu . d'artagnan nearly jump from he boot . CUT to : 77 ext . roof of palais cardinal - day 77 Richelieu stand on the roof of the palais , lose in think . he look down and see , through the smoke and mist , the silent rooftop of Paris , point , innumerable . Richelieu turn , and cross to a elaborate pigeon coop . servant attach message to the leg of carrier pigeon . rochefort step into view , anxious , out of breath . rochefort ( bow ) you eminence . the musketeer have be sighted riding north on the road to calais . Richelieu nod , he already know . he pick up one of the pigeon , stroke it gently . richelieu do not worry . thanks to we winge friend , every mercenary and bounty hunter in France will be wait for they . ( with a smile ) be not modern communication a wonderful thing ? ( continued ) 66 . 77 continued : 77 Richelieu release the bird , and watch it streak sky - ward , fly across the sky . CUT to : 78 ext . wood - day 78 the three musketeer gather around d' artagnan , listen to he story . in mid-tell : d'artagnan ... I could not hear it clearly , I be stand by the door , the voice be low -- porthos go on . d'artagnan the cardinal send someone to England . with a secret treaty . aramis what ? d'artagnan he 's make a alliance with a man name , buck ... Buckingham . the musketeer look at each other with alarm . porthos the Duke of Buckingham ? d'artagnan ( nodd ) do you know he ? aramis he rule England the way Richelieu rule France . d'artagnanj a ship call the persephone wait for the cardinal 's agent at calais . to take he to England . Tuesday , midnight . aramis ( figure ) calais be over two hundred league from here ... ( continued ) 67 . 78 continued : 78 porthos this messenger and the treaty will prove the cardinal a traitor . if we can get we hand on they . d'artagnan what be we wait for , let 's go . athos wait . athos stop they exuberant plot and plan with a single word . all turn , wonder . athos ( as always , the bottom line ) do the cardinal know you have this information ? d'artagnan yes . athos then he know we have it too . and he will do everything in he power to stop we . porthos but with three man try , one of we might be able to make it . d'artagnan four . bold word . d'artagnan mature by leap and bound . athos almost smile . 79 ext . road to calais - night 79 fog drift across a lonely stretch of road . suddenly : pound hoofbeat come over the scene . music swell . and gallop out of the fog come d' artagnan and the three musketeer , riding hell - for-leather . hold on this heroic tableau for a long beat . 80 ext . bridge on road to calais - night 80 four rough - look mercenary crouch on a low bridge span a shallow stream . they be armed with musket and sword . the mercenary wait in the darkness , whisper eagerly among themselves . ( continued ) 68 . 80 continued : 80 one of they hiss for silence , all conversation end . and the sound of hoofbeat be hear in the distance . faint , but grow closer . mercenary shoot low . we will need they head for identification . the mercenary raise they musket , take aim . right on cue , four horseman come thundering out of the mist . but just before they reach the bridge , the four horseman break in half -- one pair ride to the leave , the other to the right . before the mercenary realize what 's happen , the horseman ride on either side , splash through the shallow stream . in a flash , they return to the road , and race away . have avoid the bridge completely . cursing , the angry mercenary whirl about , FIRE at d' artagnan and the three musketeer as they ride into the night . porthos ' merry laugh drift back to mock they . CUT to : 81 ext . road to calais - night 81 a overturn wagon lie in the ditch . beer keg litter the roadway . the wagon 's driver , a old farmer , sit on one of the keg , hold he head . d'artagnan and the musketeer gallop into view , rein they horse to a stop . farmer ( with relief ) thank God for a friendly face . my horse break loose . can you help I move this keg out of the road ? d' artagnan start to dismount . athos stay on you horse . d'artagnan he need we help . athos do not worry . we will help he . suddenly : two other man step before the wagon , point musket . the rag Farmer reach inside he coat , pull out a pistol , make a smirk request : ( continued ) 69 . 81 continued : 81 farmer wo not you step down ... musketeer ? aramis gentlemen , I beg you . please put away you weapon and remove this keg from the road . we would prefer to ride on without have to kill you . d'artagnan and the " farmer " gape at aramis in surprise . farmer you be threaten we ? porthos it 's not a threat , it 's a fact . if you do not haul that keg away , you be dead where you stand . the Farmer laugh , contemptuously . he raise he pistol and aim it at porthos ' head . but before he can pull the trigger , three explosion erupt from under the cloak of athos , porthos and aramis . when the smoke clear , d' artagnan be startle to see the three dead " farmer " sprawle in the road and the three pistol emerge from beneath the cloak of the musketeer . porthos mine hit the ground first . athos mine be taller . aramis swing out of the saddle and begin to perform last rite over the body . d' artagnan still can not be - lieve what just happen . he turn to porthos . porthos raise the barrel to he lip and blow away the gunsmoke . porthos there 's only one rule , d' artagnan -- stay alive . thunder rumble and rain begin to fall . CUT to : 82 int . country inn - night 82 a large warm tavern with a roaring FIRE . ( continued ) 70 . 82 continued : 82 present be the innkeeper , he wife , a few benight tra - veler and three barmaid . they turn as the door fly open and the musketeer and d' artagnan enter from a raging STORM . they keep they cloak draw about they and wear the brim of they hat pull low to cover they face . the occupant of the inn regard the new arrival with suspicion . outisde , the STORM blows . d' artagnan close the heavy door . fearful , the innkeeper come forward to meet the four ominous traveler . innkeeper good evening . athos see to we horse and bring we some food . innkeeper ( apologetic ) I be sorry but we have little to spare . the cardinal 's Guards be here today . they help themselves to we food and then refuse to pay . aramis ( bitter ) in the name of God , I be sure . porthos be on the lookout for danger . he reach inside he cloak for a weapon and , in do so , accidentally expose he musketeer tunic . barmaid # 1 ( cry out ) musketeer ! the sound of sliding steel as athos , porthos , aramis and d' artagnan draw they sword , ready to fight . they stand back to back in a circle , ready for attack . but there be no attack . quite the contrary . the people here be thrilled to see they . innkeeper ( honore ) musketeer in my house ! gentlemen , put away you sword and come in . anyone who fight the cardinal be welcome here . the musketeer lower they sword . ( continued ) 71 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 aramis I think we have find a home . the musketeer return they sword to they sheathes and take off they drip hat and cape . the pretty barmaid crowd around they to collect they gear and car - ry it to the fire . innkeeper we do not have much but what we have be yours . porthos rub he hand together , eager to indulge himself . he follow the barmaid , booming in he loud , friendly voice . porthos lady , you be in for a treat tonight . allow I to introduce myself . I be the musketeer they call porthos . porthos beam , wait for a big response but nothing happen . the barmaid look at each other . porthos ( repeat ; louder ) porthos . still no response . aramis and d' artagnan hide smile . aramis it 's hard to believe they have not hear of the great porthos . porthos oh , shut up , aramis . the three barmaid perk up . barmaid ( with excitement ) aramis ? do you say aramis ? and with that , the three barmaid desert porthos and scurry across the room to attach themselves to aramis . porthos shake he head and flop down in a chair . porthos I do not get it . I just do not get it . CUT to : 72 . 83 int . tavern - night 83 moment later . porthos regales the barmaid with a tale . porthos I say , 'a Queen be no different than a barmaid in the dark . though less ... practice in the art of pleasure ... ' the barmaid accept he leer compliment with glee . but d' artagnan be not so sure . porthos , with two barmaid , bellow a reply . porthos if you be go to be a proper musketeer , you will have to learn the manly art of wench . right , lady ? the barmaid heartily concur . d'artagnan look over porthos ' shoulder , to the dark - haire barmaid see previ - ously . porthos follow he gaze , grin . porthos ahh , very good . you first subject . but you will need instruction . watch closely . porthos pull one of the barmaid to he chest , bring she lip toward he . porthos the secret to wench be the first kiss . for in that kiss , a last impression be make . if it be weak , she will think you be weak . and if it be comical , she will think you be a clown . with I ? d'artagnan weak ... weak . comical ... clown . porthos very good . and as a musketeer be never weak , and only rarely a clown , you first kiss must be all the thing that you be . like this ... porthos give the barmaid a powerful kiss . he break it , turn to d' artagnan with a grin . ( continued ) 73. 83 continued : 83 porthos you may speak first if you like , you name , she name , a endearment or two . but word be usually a waste of time . aramis only if you do not know which word to say . all turn to regard aramis . he will play along too . porthos react with delight . d' artagnan with interest . aramis continue : aramis word may make a more last impression than a thousand of porthos ' kiss . barmaid ( still reeling ) not likely . aramis I will demonstrate . please . sit beside I . aramis ' courtly behavior be as out of place in this en- viron as it be persuasive . the barmaid slip from porthos ' lap , sit down on the bench beside he . aramis do not touch she . he simply look into she eye ... and begin to speak . aramis ' shall I compare thee to a summer 's day ? thou art more lovely and more temperate : Rough wind do shake the darling bud of May , and summer 's leash hath all too short a date ; sometime too hot the eye of heaven shine , and often be he gold complexion dimme ; and every fair from fair sometimes decline , by chance , or nature 's change course untrimm ; but thy eternal summer shall not fade . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 aramis ( cont 'd ) nor lose possession of that fair thou owest , nor shall death brag thou wanderest in he shade , when in eternal line to time thou growest ; so long as man can breathe , or eye can see . so long life this , and this give life to thee . ' the barmaid , once skeptical , sit silently . her face cover with tear . aramis pause , almost embarrassed by the outcome . he turn to d' artagnan , cite : aramis Shakespeare . porthos that 's cheating . the barmaid on he lap disagree . barmaid it 's beautiful . d'artagnan look at the dark - haire barmaid across the room . porthos urge he on . porthos come on , d' artagnan . we have not get all night . d'artagnan step forward . the dark - haire barmaid see he come and smile . d' artagnan stand before she , hesitates , not sure where to start . then , remember as best he can : d'artagnan ' shall I compare thee to a summer 's day ? thou be move lovely and more tempest , er , more tempere ...' ( beat ) ahh , to hell with it -- d'artagnan take the barmaid into he arm , deliver a powerful kiss . as previously demonstrate . porthos and aramis smile proudly . the barmaid cheer . porthos the boy 's a natural . ( continued ) 75 . 83 continued : ( 3 ) 83 aramis so little time , so much to learn . d'artagnan drain he flagon , indicate athos sit at a table by himself , scowling , work on he third bottle of burgundy . aramis in all the year I have know he ... I have never see athos smile . d'artagnan why be he sit by himself ? porthos athos take he drink seriously . ignore he . he will be he usual warm , charming self by morning . ( call out ) service ! my lap be cold ! a barmaid scurries into view . porthos grab she by the waist , add the barmaid to the one already sit on he lap . the chair break beneath they , and all three go sprawling on the floor , laugh heartily . 84 athos 84 he remain lose in drink . d' artagnan appear beside he . he hide he concern behind a cheerful attitude . d'artagnan come join we . athos pull d' artagnan down with a dark smile . he fill he flagon for he . athos you fight like a musketeer . let 's see if you can drink like one . d'artagnan I will drink anything you put in front of I . athos famous last word . ( raise he flagon ) what shall we drink to ? d'artagnan notice the dark -haire barmaid eyeing he across the room . ( continued ) 76 . 84 continued : 84 d'artagnan Love ? the word nearly make athos grimace . he stare at d' artagnan for a long beat , then beyond . as if to look into another time and place . finally : athos love. ( beat ) would you like to hear a story , d' artagnan ? a love story ? athos ' voice reveal unexpected vulnerability , the pain he keep inside . d' artagnan be fascinate , move . he nearly whisper : d'artagnan yes . athos take a long pull from the bottle of burgundy , wipe the blood red wine from he lip . athos I once know a man ... one of the count of Berry . my native province . when the good Count be about you age , he fall in love with a visitor from Paris . a breathtaking girl of seventeen . she be more than beautiful , d' artagnan . she be ... intoxicating . and this man , the poor idiot , he marry she . d'artagnan be not that what people do when they fall in love ? athos ( sharply ) be quiet and listen . ( beat ) the Count take she to he castle and make she the first lady of the province . they be happy for a time , as happy as a man and a woman can be . then one day , while riding in the wood , the girl be throw from she horse , and knock unconscious . the Count hurried to help she . her dress be tear . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 athos ( cont 'd ) on she she arm , the woman wear a gold band in the shape of a serpent . it be the only article of clothing she refuse to remove . the Count 's curiosity get the best of he . he reach over and sly down the gold band . he see something on she arm ... something she would keep hide ' till then ... d'artagnan what ? athos the fleur d'lis . she would be brand ... 85 another angle 85 d'artagnan react with shock . athos the Count 's angel turn out to be a murderess who escape the executioner 's blade . she swore that she love he . swore that she have change . and if he would just keep she secret , they would live a long life together . athos pause , imagine that life . the Count and he angel . athos but the Count be young and he be stupid . he be torment by the ridicule of he social class . and so he reject she . for she lie and for she past . ( beat ) and turn she over to the authority to be execute for the crime . athos now turn he unflinch gaze on d' artagnan . athos but you see ... he heart do not agree . the Count soon realize what she have mean to he . and what he have do . ( more ) ( continued ) 78 . 85 continued : 85 athos ( cont 'd ) that he ... betrayal be far great than she own . ( beat ) soon after he foreswore the society that shape he . gave up he title . and be never see again . d'artagnan he love she . athos he kill she . it seem like the same thing after a while . hold on athos for a long time . as he gather up he pain , and put it back again . athos smashes open another bottle . but the story have make d' artagnan quite sober and a little sick to he stomach . he refuse another drink . athos good . more for I . porthos aramis -- play something with some blood in it ! I feel like dance ! aramis launch into something appropriate . porthos and a barmaid get up and begin a festive folk dance . porthos be damned good . his joie de vivre be infectious and soon everyone in the inn be clap and encourage he . every once in awhile , another weapon -- a dagger or something -- drop out of porthos ' clothing and hit the floor with a clatter . that 's when porthos , dance with abandon , spin out of control , trip and fall on athos ' table , crush it to the floor . porthos lie in the wreckage , stare up . athos , totally unperturb , look down and offer he the bottle . porthos Care to dance , athos ? athos only if I can lead . porthos blink in amazement at athos ' grim face , then break out laugh . porthos aramis ! athos make a joke ! 79 . 86 angle 86 the innkeeper come down the stair wear a nightshirt and a sleepy expression . innkeeper Excuse I , gentleman . d'artagnan be we make too much noise ? innkeeper you tell I to wake you at dawn . athos well ? innkeeper it 's dawn . they turn in disbelief to the shutter window . sure enough . sunlight be peek in through the crack . CUT to : 87 ext . rural landscape - day 87 the sun rise , cast long shadow across a sparkling dew - wet field . d'artagnan and the musketeer ride into frame , continue they journey to calais . d'artagnan squint ahead , wince with every bump . porthos grin . porthos beautiful morning , eh , d' artagnan ? d'artagnan be terribly hang - over from the night 's carouse . he look like he could puke at any moment . so that 's exactly why porthos shout to he and say ... porthos you know , d' artagnan , it 's not a good idea to travel on a empty stomach . you really should have have a big portion of that sheep 's brain ... d'artagnan cover he mouth . porthos laugh good - naturedly . d'artagnan my head feel like it 's fill with the King 's march band . would you please stop whistling ? ( continued ) 80 . 87 continued : 87 porthos whistle ? I be not whistling . d'artagnan well someone be . porthos ( to other ) the barmaid 's kiss leave he dizzy . aramis I hear it too . it sound like ... athos ( know immediatley ) a connon ball . athos be cut off by a ear - piercing whistle as a cannon ball drop out of the sky and strike the ground nearby , send up a tremendous explosion . porthos I hate cannon ball . another ball explode into the ground in front of they . they horse rear up in fear , threaten to dump they out of they saddle . as the musketeer and d' artagnan struggle to control they horse , they look back and see a old castle atop a distant hill . a group of man operate two rusted cannon , leave over from some long - forget war . the musketeer barely calm they horse , when another ball come scream they way , impacting a few foot away . as dirt rain upon they : aramis ( to d' artagnan ) how 's you head now ? d'artagnan I be beginning to wish the cardinal have chop if off . athos stay with we , and you just might get you wish . athos spur he horse across the field , d' artagnan and the musketeer follow . but they discover crude battle - ment in they path . athos change direction , see six horseman wait for they in the near distance . he change direction again , as the horseman charge after . ( continued ) 81 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 they ride as fast they mount will carry they . a cross - road up ahead . athos size up the situation , shout command . athos Split in half ! d'artagnan ride with I ! d'artagnan nod , thrilled to go with athos . aramis we will see you in calais ! athos or hell ! athos and d' artagnan take off in one direction , porthos and aramis in the other . the pursue horseman soon race into view , break in half to give chase . CUT to : 88 int . queen be bath - day 88 a room heavy with mist and steam . behind a maze of gauze screen , we discover Anne recline in a large tile bath , constance attend . constance replenishes the bath with pitcher of hot water draw from a boil cauldron . in mid-conversation , as confidante and friend : constance but how , you majesty ? how can you tell if you be really in love ? anne do you think about he all the time ? constance ( consider ; reply ) yes. anne and when he 's around , do you knee feel as weak as water ? constance yes . anne and when he look at you , do you suddenly forget how to breathe ? ( continued ) 82. 88 continued : 88 constance yes . anne then you be in love . constance ( thrilled by the knowledge ; know it all alone ) I be . Anne turn to constance , soap and water swirl about she naked body . she wonder : anne who be he ? constance you will never believe it . anne of course I will . constance you will not . anne who ? constance the young man who rescue we from the bandit . anne the young man on the scaffold ? constance yes . anne ( turn back in the water , peer ahead ) you be right . I do not believe it . a warm beat . Anne and constance be friend as much as they be Queen and subject . constance be you in love , you majesty ? anne what a impertinent question . ( continued ) 83. 88 continued : ( 2 ) 88 constance be you ? Anne pause . if only she life , she emotion , be as simple . anne my love ... be a matter of state . it 's complicated . a sad beat . constance tease : constance do you think about he all the time ? anne ( play along ) as Queen , my mind touch on many subject . constance do you knee feel as weak as water ? anne never . constance when he look at you , do you forget how to breathe ? a beat . and Anne be a girl of eighteen again , not Queen . wistful , she reply : anne I hope he will someday . I hope I will too . hold on Anne for a beat . CUT to : 89 int . queen be bath - day ( later ) 89 Anne step to a dress chamber , wear a long robe , arrange she thick wet hair into braid . anne constance , have you see my ...? Anne stop short . cardinal Richelieu wait for she in the dress chamber , now bow , assume a supplicant air . ( continued ) 84 . 89 continued : 89 richelieu you majesty , forgive I . anne cardinal . richelieu I need you help . and could not in good conscience wait another minute . anne you want my help ? richelieu yes . anne on what matter ? richelieu you ... husband . anne ( remember Richelieu 's last encounter with Louis ) you King . Richelieu allow the jest , remain silent , watchful . Anne resume , choose she word with care . anne of course . as you eminence have be kind enough to advise I ... ( nod assent ) it 's the least I can do . Richelieu react with quiet pleasure . he step closer . richelieu I be worried about the King 's ... happiness . anne what do you mean ? richelieu the huguenot rebellion , occupation in the antilles and cayenne . the come war with France . this be not the usual hobby of youth . anne no. ( continued ) 85 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 richelieu and now he wish to postpone he birthday celebration . anne why ? richelieu he feel it be not ... appropriate . anne it sound as though he be concerned with more important matter . richelieu which be exactly why we must celebrate . ( off she look ) to show the world that the King of France be strong enough to face any enemy on any field . to show France ... that he be king. ( beat ) he will listen to you . if you will speak . Richelieu make he case with forceful eloquence , seem loyalty . Anne consider , reply , noncommittal : anne I will speak to he . Anne sense hide agenda , intrigue below the surface . the conversation 's conspiratorial tone begin to disturb she . anne now , if you will excuse I , I ... richelieu of course . Anne nod , turn back toward the chamber . Richelieu call after . richelieu you majesty ? ( off she look ) please understand that I do not underestimate the value of you assistance . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 . 89 continued : ( 3 ) 89 richelieu ( cont 'd ) and that I wish for you to consider -- in fact , to know -- all that you and I might accomplish . together . ( quietly , as if to justify ) for France . Richelieu step away , he red cape swirl behind he . Anne feel a chill , pull she robe more tightly about she body . CUT to : 90 ext . louvre ( paris ) - day 90 infantry troops drill outside the King 's palace , prac - ticing musket and saber . CUT to : 91 int . throne room - day 91 Louis watch from a balcony . Richelieu appear , fresh from he encounter with the Queen . Louis look up , greet he with displeasure . 92 int . throne room and great hall 92 Louis watch from a balcony . Richelieu appear , fresh from he encounter with the Queen . richelieu I be sorry to be late , you majesty , but I be wrestle with a important matter of state . Richelieu never allow the mask to slip . even for a instant . Louis glance at the throne room , the increase number of cardinal 's Guards on duty . they make he feel uncomfortable . Louis speak with renew determination . louis why be it I do not see any of my musketeer ? richelieu I be afraid ... that 's impossible . louis why ? ( continued ) 87 . 92 continued : 92 richelieu they have become outlaw . they be terrorize the countryside , robbing and kill innocent people . Louis can not believe it . louis there must be some mistake . richelieu no mistake . I have report from the local constable involved . Richelieu , ever prepare , produce a sheaf of papers . no doubt counterfeit . but Louis have no way of know . he take the papers into he hand , react with sadness . louis musketeer ... richelieu they be better off disband . Louis turn back to the balcony , the soldier march below . his mood glum and lonely . he sigh , move on to another matter of business . louis you eminence , I have be hearing some very troubling rumor about you . Richelieu nod , not the least bit concerned . richelieu there be so many to choose from . be it the one about my alleged alliance with Buckingham ? let 's see if I remember it correctly . while the English attack from without , I will undermine the throne from within -- depose you -- and become sovereign of France myself . that rumor , you majesty ? Richelieu smile , he face a mask of innocence . louis it do seem rather farfetch . ( continued ) 88. 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 richelieu if there be any doubt of my loyalty , they will be put to rest when we appear together at you birthday celebration . louis I have be think about that . a birthday celebration when we be on the brink of war ... richelieu ( alert , ready for this as well ) you subject be eager to celebrate the birth of they King at a time like this . louis I be not so eager . richelieu I have a idea . why do not you discuss the matter with you Queen ? Louis look up , wonder . as Richelieu draw he deeper into he spider 's strategem . CUT to : 93 ext . french countryside - day 93 porthos and aramis ride hard , look back over they shoulder . they crest the top of a bluff , rein they horse to a stop . they can afford to rest for a moment . they pursuit be at least a mile behind they . aramis my horse will not survive another league . porthos and you ? aramis ( in kind ) ten , twenty at the most . porthos look into the near distance , manage a weary smile . ( continued ) 89 . 93 continued : 93 porthos here 's just the thing . a nice , relax boat ride . at the bottom of the hill : a crude ferry land at the bank of a swift , choppy river . CUT to : 94 ext . river and ferry landing - day 94 the ferry be a open flatboat -- a wooden platform , about fifteen - by-twenty foot . it travel from one shore to the other by mean of a ferry rope . Transport be slow , the trip to the other shore take nearly five minute . as porthos and aramis arrive , the flatboat be just be - turn , pilote by its ferryman , a hunch and weather - beat gnome . four passenger wait to be carry across -- two gentleman cavalier on horseback , and a country woman and she child . as the flatboat enter its slip , the two Cavaliers urge they horse on board , rudely jostling the woman and she child to the rear . the ferryman , a experience boot-licker , bow and scrape to the Cavaliers , collect the coin they toss to he way . ferryman a privilege to carry you on my humble boat ... the ferryman turn a greedy eye on the woman and child . ferryman two pistole . woman but I only have one . could not my child ride free ? she 's so small ... ferryman ( hand outstretch , demand ) two pistole . a courtly voice intervene . aramis put away you money , madame . you and you child will cross the river under we protection . for free . ( continued ) 90 . 94 continued : 94 all turn to regard aramis on horseback , porthos at he side . the woman react with grateful surprise . the ferryman be outrage , spittle fly as he curse and protest . ferryman nobody ride for free ! under you protection bloody well indeed ! I will teach you a thing or two about protection ! Apple - cheek young fool !! -- just who do you think you be !! aramis ( wait for the tirade to cease ; simply ) musketeer . two two Cavaliers react to the word . the ferryman do , too -- into cring , obedient servant . ferryman musketeer ? well , why do not you say so ? of course you will ride for free . I insist on it . this way , pretty madame . my what a lovely little girl ... aramis porthos ! porthos what ? aramis take porthos by the shoulder and turn he so he can see they pursuer pour over the top of the hill on they horse . porthos we sail ! and with that , porthos take the sharp edge of he boom - erang and bring it down on the dock rope . the rope split and the ferryboat lurch away from the dock . 95 hill and shore 95 the pursuer charge down the hill and ride to the end of the dock but they be too late . porthos and aramis have get away . 91 . 96 flatboat 96 porthos laugh and taunt the angry pursuer . aramis tie scarve around the horse ' eye to blindfold they for the crossing . then he turn around and see what aramis be already see -- the two Cavaliers watch they with keen interest . first cavalier you be that musketeer everyone 's be look for . porthos popularity have its price . the first cavalier smile , produce a flask . first cavalier I have some excellent brandy here . would you gentleman care to drink a toast with we to the cardinal ? porthos we would be happy to . porthos produce a bottle from under he cloak . porthos if you will drink one with we to the King . second cavalier but the only King we recognize ... be the cardinal . aramis there be that who would call that treason . first cavalier happily , no such objection have be raise ... here . porthos all right . I will object . second cavalier I be listen . porthos let 's see . you be , by you dress and by you manner , member of a bone - lazy class of servile ninnyhammer whose slavish allegiance to his eminence the cardinal be as that of a dog who like nothing better than to sniff today where he have peed the day before . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 . 96 continued : 96 porthos ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) piss be piss , no matter what robe surround it . aramis well say . I be impressed . ninnyhammers . porthos I be momentarily inspire . the Cavaliers be not amused . the first reply in measure tone , he lip white with fury . first cavalier May I reply ? aramis ( courtly ) by all mean . first cavalier better to be a dog in the service of a great master , than a beef - witted moron so dazzle by the throne that he do not see the true nature of the foolish boy who wobble atop it . which be to say , that most muddy - brain of all man ... a musketeer . the Cavaliers have already pull out they sword . porthos and aramis now reach for they own . porthos deadpan : porthos maybe there 's something about we that just piss people off . at least I would like to think so . it 's too bad we can only kill they once . 97 fight 97 the middle of a river on a rock flatboat be not the best place for a duel . but the combatant make the most of it . slip , slide , and fall . they attack with everything they have get . the Cavaliers be excellent swordsman . and , as if that be not enough , the musketeer have a additional disadvantage -- they must keep the woman and child clear of the flash blade . ( continued ) 93. 97 continued : 97 porthos drive he opponent about the flatboat with a devilish grin , chase he between -- and at one point , over -- blindfolded horse . aramis duel with the expect artistry , gradually be - duce he opponent to tatter . at one juncture , the child lose she foot , slide toward the low end of the flatboat , the deep river beyond . aramis execute a neat sidestep , stop the child 's desperate progress with one arm while continue to do battle with the other . he return child to mother with a grin , continue . the two Cavaliers be soon vanquish , groan on the flatboat deck . porthos and aramis meet at the middle , breathless . porthos complain : porthos I have be call a lot of thing in my time ... aramis ( eye on the opposite shore ) porthos ... porthos but beef -witted be a little more than I can stand , not to mention unfair ... aramis porthos ... porthos what ? aramis indicate the opposite shore as the flatboat approach it . there , wait patiently , sword and musket already draw ... be a patrol of cardinal 's Guards . aramis can you swim ? porthos ( do not like the sound of this ) no . my horse can . aramis that will do . porthos but ...? ( continued ) 94 . 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 aramis hurry to he horse , take off the blindfold . porthos grumble after , follow suit . they leap atop they mount , the horse slip upon the wet deck as they guide they to the edge . aramis you go first and I will watch you progress . porthos no , no . please . after you . stalemate . then , they can not help it , aramis and porthos grin . life be a adventure , live to the fullest . they count ... aramis and porthos one , two -- three ! and with that , as the woman and child , the ferryman look on , aramis and porthos guide they horse into the raging river . the woman whisper after : woman thank you . God speed . porthos manage a wink as he float into the distance . 98 on shore 98 the cardinal 's Guards react with anger and disbelief . 99 river 99 a wild ride down the roaring river . porthos cling to he horse for dear life . aramis keep a eye on he fellow musketeer ... and the deep rapid up ahead . through twist and turn , wall of white water , huge boulder , and gyrate whirlpools ... aramis and porthos finally reach a quiet pool , a leafy shore beyond . they lead they horse from the water , step toward dry land ... and see yet another ( or perhaps the same ) patrol of cardinal 's Guards . wait , sword draw , for they arrival . porthos look down at he latest sash -- destroy like the other . aramis draw he saber , mutter . aramis a nice relax boat ride ... ( continued ) 95 . 99 continued : 99 and with that , aramis and porthos charge towards the Guards . CUT to : 100 ext . dense forest - day 100 cool , clear water . widen to reveal d' artagnan and athos at a shallow pond , water they horse . the forest around they be dark and primeval . d'artagnan do you think we have lose they ? athos they will catch up eventually . to the point , as always . d' artagnan pause to look at they beautiful surroundings , remember : d'artagnan my father use to hunt in a forest like this . he promise to take I on my tenth birthday . I do not know why he pick that year . something about a boy become a man . I would lay in bed at night and imagine it , just the two of we . but he die before I could go with he . athos be unmove , or so it would seem . he reply with quiet cynicism : athos well . you have you boyhood wish at last . the dark forest . the thrill of the hunt . the nearness of death . only d' artagnan be the hunt , not the hunter . d'artagnan I would be proud to die for my King . athos I just want to save you from the life of a musketeer . you do not have to go look for experience , d' artagnan . it will find you soon enough . and when it do -- it will mark you forever . athos ride into the forest . d' artagnan hurry to follow . CUT to : 96 . 101 ext . forest - day 101 athos lead d' artagnan through the forest . sunbeam shoot down through thick branch like golden bar . a pastoral set , almost peaceful . and then : thundering hoofbeat . athos and d' artagnan turn in surprise , see six horsemen crashing through the glade . 102 another angle 102 athos and d' artagnan gallop through the dense forest . the horesman FIRE pistol as they ride . a shot graze d' artagnan 's shoulder , he stagger , retain he mount . athos lead they up a hillside , a series of boulder at the top . the climb be fast and treacherous , gunfire all around they . athos ' horse be strike by a bullet , stag - ger forward ... and collapse just as they reach the crest . d'artagnan leap off he horse , take cover with athos behind the boulder . athos take aim , fire a shot , and kill one of the horseman below . the other curse , leap from they mount , seek cover . shot whiz back and forth like angry hornet . stalemate , but not for long . they be badly outnumber . the horseman creep slowly up the hillside , from tree to tree . athos turn to d' artagnan as he reload : athos I will hold they off for as long as I can . go on without I . d'artagnan I can not leave you here . not like this . athos ride to calais and stop the cardinal 's agent . d'artagnan athos ... I can not . athos point he pistol at d' artagnan . athos go , or I will kill you myself . a few day ago , d' artagnan would have obey without question . fearful , if nothing else . but not here , not now . d'artagnan a duel then . ( continued ) 97 . 102 continued : 102 athos you be insane . d'artagnan we never finish the first . athos all right . I will toss a coin . tail I stay , head you remain . agreed ? d'artagnan nod . athos fire off another shot . he produce a gold coin , flip , slam it between palm and hand . and look between . 103 athos and he Pov 103 head . d' artagnan be to remain . athos look up without miss a beat . athos tail . I stay . athos return the coin to he doublet without give d' artagnan a chance to see . d'artagnan but ...? athos reload , fire below . d'artagnan recognize the kindness he have receive . that athos can not fully express it . and that there be no use argue with he . d'artagnan at least take my pistol . he give it to athos . they clasp hand . athos ( gruff ; yet proud ) do not let we down ... musketeer . there be tear in d' artagnan 's eye . he know athos have not get a chance . d'artagnan ( a choke of emotion ) I will never forget you . athos go ! athos turn away , shoot at another horseman . d'artagnan run to he mount , gallop away . 98 . 104 d'artagnan 104 he ride , strain to hear the sound of gunfire . as long as the shot continue , he know athos be alive . abruptly ... the shot cease . d' artagnan swallow he heart , and ride . CUT to : 105 ext . road to calais - night 105 a lonely stretch of road , illuminate by moonlight . a signpost announce : calai 15 league . a exhaust horse clop into view , its rider half - conscious in the saddle . it be d' artagnan . he can barely keep he eye open . suddenly , d' artagnan pass out , tumble from he saddle , and land in the middle of the road . he open he eye once -- a sky fill with star -- then close they . we hear horse , and the creak of a carriage approaching . the driver brake , and the horse be bring to a halt just short of trample d' artagnan . in the darkness , we can make out other shape , rugge man on horseback , bodyguard to the carriage 's passenger . milady de Winter . milady ( o.s. ) what be it , henri ? henri ( driver ) there 's a body in the road , milady . milady ( o.s. ) be careful . pistol be cocked . henri 's shadow fall across d' artagnan 's body . henri it 's a young man . he appear to be injure . we hear the carriage door OPEN . footstep to d' artagnan 's side . milady ( o.s. ) my , what a handsome boy . put he inside with I . strong hand grasp d' artagnan and lift he from the cold ground . CUT to : 99 . 106 d'artagnan be Pov - black screen 106 out of the darkness , a face appear , blurry and obscure . it fill the screen , slowly swim into focus . it be milady de Winter , even more beautiful in closeup . familiar , and no doubt deadly , ivory comb gleam in she hair . she smile warmly . milady welcome back . do you dream ? 107 another angle 107 reveal the interior of a bed chamber at a roadside inn . d'artagnan , regain he sense , find himself propped up in a large bed . he blink into the face of milady who sit at the edge . his eye widen with recognition , faint awe . d'artagnan you . milady have we meet ? d'artagnan I ... see you in Paris . d'artagnan notice that he shoulder have be bandage . he look around the large room . a FIRE roar in the grate . food and drink have be set upon a table . d' artagnan continue , still groggy , uncertain : d'artagnan where be I ...? milady this be calais . d'artagnan ( with a jolt ) calais ! ( muttere ; to self ) the ship ... Tuesday at midnight ... d' artagnan leap out of bed . then realize he be stark naked . milady smile . d'artagnan gather a bedsheet around he . d'artagnan ( frantic ) where be my clothes ? ( continued ) 100 . 107 continued : 107 milady filthy . I be have they clean . be something wrong ? d'artagnan what day be it ? what time ?! d'artagnan run to a window , and throw open the shutter . Beyond : the harbor light of the Port of calais . milady it 's Tuesday , near nine . d'artagnan nine ? be you sure ? somewhere in the night , a bell toll the hour . milady smile . milady quite sure . d'artagnan relax slightly . milady rise from the bed . she wear a sky blue dress gown , something soft and silken beneath it . d'artagnan react perceptibly . en - joy he discomfort , milady cross the room , join he at the window . milady be you in a hurry ? d'artagnan ( after a beat ) how do I ... get here ? milady I find you in the road . discard . like a unwanted kitten . do you have a name or shall I make one up for you ? d'artagnan ( nervous ) my name be d' artagnan . milady d'artagnan . I like that . I be the countess de Winter . milady . d'artagnan countess ? milady my husband 's dead . ( continued ) 101 . 107 continued : ( 2 ) 107 d'artagnan I be sorry . milady I have learn to live with death . she manage to combine sympathy , seduction , and just a hint of danger . all in a single reply . d' artagnan hesitates , he be not immune to she charm , then : d'artagnan countess , I be very grateful for what you have do , but I can not stay here . I have get ... milady what ...? d'artagnan important business . milady how mysterious . a handsome young man with ' important business ' in the still of night . do it involve a young lady ? d'artagnan no. milady do it require clothes ? d'artagnan yes . I need my clothes . milady they will not be ready for at least a hour . d'artagnan a hour ? milady I tell the innkeeper to bring they when they be dry . until then , I be afraid you be my prisoner . would the prisoner care for a drink ? milady cross to the table , food and drink upon it . as she pass by the fire , she dress gown seem to disap - pear , revealing a silhouette that make d' artagnan 's heart stop . ( continued ) 102 . 107 continued : ( 3 ) 107 d'artagnan ( always innocent ; never coy ) I be ... thirsty . milady pour wine into glass , turn to face he . and offer a smile that dazzle and burn . milady good . then we will sit by the fire , and eat and drink , and you may impress , perhaps even move I , with the story of how you come to lie unconscious , in the middle of the night , on the road to calais . ( soft seductively ) I love a good adventure . d' artagnan hesitates , then step to she . CUT to : 108 ext . roof of palais cardinal ( paris ) - night 108 a carrier pigeon flutter out of the dark sky , and enter its box . the little door on the other side open . a hand reach in and remove the bird . Richelieu unpeel the message on its leg . CUT to : 109 int . cardinal' private chamber - night 109 a room as cold as the man who own it . behind Richelieu 's desk , there be a life-size portrait of the King . rochefort occupy a window seat , clean d' artagnan 's sword . he lift it to the light , and slashes the air . he stand , duel with a imaginary opponent . Richelieu enter with the message . richelieu ( dry ; be : rochefort 's fencing ) the wonderful thing about a imaginary opponent be that he be always greatly skilled , and always easily defeat . the pride of victory , without the risk of loss . if only life be like that . Richelieu sit at he desk , peer at the message . he look up , pleased . ( continued ) 103 . 109 continued : 109 richelieu milady have reach calais . rochefort I tell you not to worry about the musketeer . they be dead by now . richelieu Buckingham 's signature will be on the treaty by morning . rochefort the King 's birthday celebration ...? richelieu will proceed as plan . thanks to the kind intercession of Queen Anne . rochefort step closer , speak quietly . rochefort and we plan ...? richelieu ( knowingly ) will proceed as well . Richelieu pour two glass of port , offer one to rochefort . they turn , raise they glass to the King 's portrait . and drink . CUT to : 110 int . milady' chamber at inn - night 110 d'artagnan and milady face each other on a rug in front of the roaring fire . the plate of food between they be empty . they drink wine from goblet . d' artagnan drain he cup , and stare into the burn ember . milady speak quietly , with seem compassion : milady you be sad . d'artagnan I be think about my friend . milady know when to speak , and when to listen . she look at d' artagnan with gentle expression , allow he to continue . the warm room , the wine , she kindness . all conspire to loosen he tongue . d' artagnan speak quietly , from the heart : ( continued ) 104 . 110 continued : 110 d'artagnan the three best friend a man could have . we be separate on we way to calais . I be afraid I will never see they again . milady what bring you here ? d'artagnan I would like to tell you . but I can not . milady ' important business . ' d'artagnan nod . he want to impress she . he want she to know how brave he be . and milady be well aware of it . she look down , assume a more vulnerable pose . milady I understand . Men make bold plan in secret . and woman wait ... to mourn , or to celebrate the outcome . I know from experience , it 's a lonely vigil . d'artagnan ( after a beat ) all I can tell you be ... I be on a mission for the King . milady ( look up ; laugh lightly ) I have hear that one before . d'artagnan I be serious . milady you be a young man . and young man be give to exaggeration . however , if you would like to entertain I with a story , I be eager to hear it . and please , make it very brave , fill with handsome knight and beautiful lady . I know , a dragon -- there be nothing a man be more loathe to experience than a woman who do not take he seriously . d' artagnan act accordingly , and reveal : ( continued ) 105 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 d'artagnan I come to calais to stop a spy from sailing to England . milady ( alert ; though d' artagnan do not see it ) a spy ...? d'artagnan yes. milady I believe you ... ( beat ) be not you afraid ? d'artagnan musketeer be not afraid of anything . milady I know it . I know you be a musketeer the moment I see you . d'artagnan you do ? milady of course . ( with sudden concern ) but , d' artagnan , if this spy be to find out you be here , you life could be in grave danger . d'artagnan a musketeer be not afriad of danger . milady I be dangerous . you be not afraid of I ? her tone herald a sudden shift . d' artagnan see the look in she eye , can almost feel she lip upon he . but he resist . there be constance 's memory to consider . and midnight as it approach . d'artagnan you be not dangerous . milady then what be I ? ( continued ) 106 . 110 continued : ( 3 ) 110 d'artagnan you're ... beautiful . milady cover he with caress . d' artagnan resist slightly , but she press closer , she will not be deny . milady lean close , run a fingertip along the line of he jaw . her dress gown fall open at the top , enough for d' artagnan to see she breast as they press against the silk beneath it . milady speak as she finger trace . milady beauty , danger . they be the same . and with that , she reach up to she hair , a ivory comb ... 111 on d'artagnan 111 he can not continue . constance , the hour , a confusion he cannot deny . d'artagnan I be sorry -- d'artagnan pull back -- just as milady 's arm arc down toward he neck , hold a long sharp stick pin , almost a dagger , attach to a ivory comb . d' artagnan see it in the nick of time , parry with he free hand , knock the dagger to the rug . milady leap after it , hand out - stretch . d' artagnan follow , battle for the dagger , stunne with fear and surprise : d'artagnan what be you do ?! have you lose you mind ?! milady you come to calais to stop a spy from sailing to England . d'artagnan nearly choke on the knowledge . milady be the messenger he be seek . he grab the dagger , roll to the side . milady stagger after , the shoulder of she negligee rip open . d' artagnan see the soft white flesh , react with shock , recognition -- she bear the brand of the fleur de lis . the infamous mark of the murderess . just as athos tell it to he . not so long ago . d'artagnan my God ... ( continued ) 107 . 111 continued : 111 milady ( cry out ) parker !! the chamber door fly open . henri and parker , the indo - chinese bodyguard , appear . parker face d' artagnan with a half -smile . he hold out he hand , both empty . and step toward he . d' artagnan look at the dagger in he right hand . then , unwilling to fight the man with a un - fair advantage , he toss the dagger to the side , step forward to meet he . parker dispose of d' artagnan with lightning speed . a series of unexpected kick , brutally efficient blow . the young man be unfamiliar with , and no match for , the martial art . parker hoist d' artagnan to he foot , daze . henri pick up the dagger with bad intention . milady straighten she dress gown , adjust she hair , and command : milady kill he . parker hold he fast . henri step forward . and d' artagnan think fast . d'artagnan you can kill I . but a surprise wait for you in England . that even Buckingham can not prevent . milady ( stop henri with a gesture ) what ... surprise ? d'artagnan that 's one thing I will never tell you . milady d'artagnan . you be young , vain , and foolish . but I do not know if you be clever . d'artagnan 's expression reveal nothing . except to suggest the existence of a secret he be bravely keep . duly deceive , though she do not know it , milady change she mind . milady we will take he with we . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . 111 continued : ( 2 ) 111 milady ( cont 'd ) ( to d' artagnan , with a nod at parker ) parker will devise way to convince you to share you final secret with I . it be a long voyage . milady 's eye show nothing but cold cruelty . CUT to : 112 int . inn - upper hall and landing - near dawn 112 milady emerge from she room , dress for travel . she be follow by d' artagnan , now clothed . he be flanke by henri and parker . henri press the blade of a knife against d' artagnan 's side . henri the bodyguard be wait outside . milady lead they down the hall . but when she reach the landing , and look at the tavern below ... she draw back with surprise . 113 angle to include milady and her Pov 113 the innkeeper , rouse from sleep , and wear a night - shirt , be engage in urgent conversation with armand de Winter -- the son of the man milady kill in Paris . the innkeeper shake he head . armand grab he by the collar . d'artagnan see milady 's reaction -- surprise , impatience , and just a hint of fear . milady command : milady the back stair . hurry ! they change direction . as he be pull away , d' artagnan catch a glimpse of armand de Winter below . CUT to : 114 ext . inn - night 114 milady 's coach emerge from the carriage house , speed away in the direction of the harbor . in the driver 's seat , henri whip the horse , drive they onward . milady 's seven bodyguard follow on horseback . CUT to : 109 . 115 int . carriage - night 115 d'artagnan and parker sit across from milady . her face betray faint doubt , apprehension . emotion she be not use to feel , let alone display to the world around she . d'artagnan see he open ... and speak : d'artagnan the man at the inn ... what do he want ? milady ( hollow laugh ) justice . honor. revenge . d'artagnan why ? milady he be the brother of my late husband , Lord de Winter . he blame I for de Winter 's death . he think I murder he . d'artagnan do you murder you husband , milady ? milady what do you think ? a beat . d' artagnan study she pale , beautiful face . remember athos ' tale of love and loss . d'artagnan I think he 's not the first husband you kill . ( off she look ) I once know a man , one of the count of Berry . he tell I a story ... of beauty and danger . he be the bravest man I have ever know . and the saddest . milady I know ... the truth strike home . milady can not conceal it . but she do not react with anger or scorn . d'artagnan have remind she of the one thing in the world that still touch she heart . d' artagnan look at she with a steady gaze . milady can not hold it , she turn to the carriage window . CUT to : 110 . 116 ext . calais - night 116 milady 's carriage turn down a steep lane that lead to the harbor . the fog be so thick that only the mast of the schooner can be see , poke out of the gloom . they lantern glow gloomily . the carriage come to a stop . CUT to : 117 ext . harbor of calais - night 117 the light of the harbor be mute by low-hanging fog . we see the outline of a ship wait at the pier . henri help milady out of the carriage . d' artagnan follow . milady 's bodyguard dismount , six of they . a motley bunch of sinister killer . they look around the pier , ready for any encounter . d' artagnan take in he surroundings . there be a mee - ancholy air about he . milady what 's the matter , d' artagnan ? still hope for you friend to ride to the rescue ? d'artagnan my friend be dead . milady well . if it 's any consolation , you will soon be join they . milady 's return to form do not surprise . parker shove d' artagnan toward the fog-enshrouded ship . a name can be make out on she barnacle hull . persephone . CUT to : 118 ext . pier - night 118 henri call out to the ship , which be little more than a outline in the fog , she board gangplank lead to the soupy darkness of she deck . henri we be the countess de Winter 's party , arrive from Paris . permission to come aboard . there be no reply . closely guard by parker , d' artagnan strain to see . ( continued ) 111 . 118 continued : 118 voice ( o.s. ) permission grant . milady nod to henri . he step up the narrow gangplank , follow by milady , d' artagnan , parker , and the six bodyguard . CUT to : 119 ext . deck of the persephone - night 119 the deck be fill with swirl fog . henri peer into the gloom as he climb aboard , follow by the other . he address one of the crew , a tall figure stand nearby . henri take we to you captain . the tall figure do not reply , nor do he move . henri demand : henri what be you , deaf ? henri go to shake the man . he grab he arm , and the man pitch forward , fall face first on the deck . henri jump back in alarm . milady and the other react . bodyguard what be this ? milady 's bodyguard rush around the deck , confront the other silent silhouettes . they , like the tall figure ... be dead . the limp body topple at they touch . the bodyguard shout alarm and panic : bodyguard Dead ! they be all dead ! porthos ( o.s. ) well I certainly hope so . after all that hard work . that 's when porthos , and aramis -- come swoop down from above like avenge angel . they swing on the end of rope , slice through the air , then drop foot first on top of milady 's bodyguard . d' artagnan stand open-mouthed , as he three friend draw they sword . aramis ( call to he ) you look like you have see a ghost . ( continued ) 112 . 119 continued : 119 d'artagnan two of they . porthos remind I to tell you the story of horse that could fly above raging water . a heroic tale of love , death , and musketeer . Suitable for the general public . porthos wade into the bodyguard , at play , shouting as he go . porthos all right then . all that who wish to die , raise you hand ! do not by shy , there 's plenty to go around ! d' artagnan grab a sword from the deck , turn to join the fray . and find himself face to face with parker , the indo - chinese bodyguard . parker have two Oriental sword spin in he hand . one knock d' artagnan 's sword out of he hand . d'artagnan do a back flip but fall on the slippery deck . as parker be about to chop d' artagnan 's head off , he face grimace as he be lift on a sword out of frame . in the mist athos be reveal ! athos sorry I be late . do I miss anything ? d' artagnan almost cry with happiness . he leap to he foot and embrace athos . d'artagnan I think you be dead . athos keep you mind on the mission , d' artagnan . he wink at d' artagnan , return to the fray . d' artagnan follow . the musketeer confront milady 's evil bodyguard in the night and fog . athos with brutal perfection . porthos with strange weapon and a healthy sense of the absurd . and aramis with familiar grace and artistry -- and a mark determination to disable , not kill , he opponent . milady view the latter with alarm . as the battle rage around she , she retreat into the shadow . ( continued ) 113 . 119 continued : ( 2 ) 119 athos and d' artagnan find themselves fight side by side . athos observe d' artagnan 's technique -- the usual frenetic windmill of feint and thrust -- with a frown . athos Boy , it 's a miracle you be still alive fight like that . d'artagnan what do you mean ? athos first , always find you enemy 's weakness . second , take advantage of it . watch I . one of the bodyguard , who wear a wooden leg , attack athos . athos kick the false leg out from under he , knock he to the deck . d' artagnan repeat , even as he disable he own foe . d'artagnan find the weakness . take advantage . get it . aramis kneel at a die man , deliver muttere last rite . a bodyguard race into view , mean to kill he where he kneel . aramis do not miss a beat -- he shift , rise , deliver a punch and kick , knock the man off the ship to the water below . a splash be hear . and aramis resume a priestly pose , continue the litany . CUT to : 120 ext . pier - night 120 two sailor , crew member of the persephone , return to the ship after a night 's drunk . they see and hear the mayhem ahead . sailor that 's we ship ... the two sailor pull out dagger , and bound up the gangplank . CUT to : 121 ext . deck of persephone - night 121 the two sailor find themselves in the middle of a wild battle . they look around for someone to assault , see a large musketeer with he back turn . they charge . ( continued ) 114 . 121 continued : 121 porthos hear they come , spin . the two sailor stop in they track , eye pop with horrify recognition . both sailor porthos the pirate !! with a collective " yah ! " the two sailor drop they dagger , and flee into the foggy night . porthos look about to see if anyone notice they exit . d' artagnan grin nearby . porthos I tell you I be famous . d'artagnan porthos the pirate ? porthos privateer . there 's a difference . every musketeer be run from something or someone . d' artagnan deadpan : d'artagnan I love a good sea story . do tell I sometime . porthos react to d' artagnan 's jest . but before he can reply , the youth have bolt back to the fray . 122 high angle 122 the battle raging aboard the persephone , saber flash , pistol explode . 123 back to scene 123 athos drive several bodyguard back with he sword , notice d' artagnan work he way towards he . athos do you find the cardinal 's spy ? d'artagnan yes . athos do you kill he ? d'artagnan athos . the spy ... be a woman . ( continued ) 115 . 123 continued : 123 athos what ? athos turn to d' artagnan , wonder . and at that moment , see a figure at the gangplank , swathed in fog and diffuse light . milady . time stop as they regard each other across the deck , the battle between . athos no . milady turn and run into the night . athos race after . CUT to : 124 ext . pier - night 124 with the speed and grace of a panther , milady run down the gangplank , climb into the saddle of one of she bodyguard 's horse , and gallop off . athos appear moment later , leap into the saddle of another horse . and give chase . CUT to : 125 ext . harbor road - night 125 milady whip she horse , drive it onward . but athos overtake , leap from he saddle , take she into he arm . they fall to the ground with a crash . milady grab the deadly comb from she hair , grip the dagger 's handle . athos , stunne from break they fall , roll to he side . milady peer at he face , vulnerable in the half - light . and lower the dagger . she will not kill he . milady scramble to she foot , run toward a dark forest . but athos stand and shout : athos stop !! milady take a halting step , then turn to face he . athos hold he musket in a steady hand . a very long beat . milady take a step closer . finally , she whisper , with love , with hate : milady athos . athos how do you do it , sabine ? how do you come back from the dead ? ( continued ) 116 . 125 continued : 125 milady a kind gentleman take pity on I . athos I do not . milady no , Count . you be too proud to listen to the truth . I learn the value of lie soon after . athos grip the pistol tighter , as if to ward off the past and what it bring . athos give I the cardinal 's treaty . milady no. athos then I will shoot . athos cock the trigger . milady whisper : milady be kind . and aim for my heart . athos ' face be a mask of contradiction . he try to pull the trigger , but it be not in he . milady recognize he pain with a nod . she feel it , too . then , briefly , before she leave he , milady speak softly . the past , they love , and where it lead they . milady I remember ... everything . she turn and run away ... directly into the arm of armand de Winter . he have ride , and he have follow , and he have finally find she here . armand countess de Winter ... as d' artagnan , porthos , and aramis arrive on the scene ... CUT to : 126 int . inn ( caliais ) - public room - night 126 the public room be empty , save for d' artagnan and the three musketeer . they gather around a table . aramis hold the treaty in he glove hand . the mood be somber and tense . ( continued ) 117 . 126 continued : 126 aramis the treaty outline Richelieu 's plan to forge a alliance with Buckingham . porthos what about the King ? aramis he be not mention directly . but the agreement be contingent on a ' demonstration ' of the cardinal 's power . d'artagnan a demonstration ? what do that mean ? aramis I do not know . athos ' face grow dark . he have be silent throughout . now he rise to he foot . athos I know someone who do . d'artagnan , aramis , and porthos watch in grim silence as athos cross the room to a impose door . CUT to : 127 int . private room - night 127 a fire burn in the grate . milady sit beside it in a chair , stare into the glow ember . they hot be - flection dance in she pale blue eye . there be a knock at the door . armand de Winter emerge from a dark corner of the room where he have be stand guard with a impassive executioner . he cross to the door , open it . and athos step inside . athos I would like a word with you prisoner . armand ( a beat , he nod ) she die at dawn . athos nod , and step to milady , stand before she . milady stare at the fire , speak softly , she eye on the flame . ( continued ) 118 . 127 continued : 127 milady ( quietly sardonic ) do you come to offer I consolation ? athos no . milady turn , look up to face he . milady there be a time when I would have give my life for a kind word . athos I could not give it , sabine . I be ... a fool . milady hear the regret in he voice , hold he gaze . athos indicate armand in the corner . athos do you kill he brother and he father as he say ? milady ( a long beat , honest at the last ) I have become ... the nightmare you once think I to be . athos but not before . not we . milady no . the memory will keep I company . athos kneel at she side , near to plead : athos do you know the cardinal 's plan ? milady yes . athos tell I . milady will you spare my life ? athos I can not . ( continued ) 119 . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 milady ( remember another time , another place ) Society demand swift justice . ( off he look ) I will take the secret to my grave . athos sabine . you will die for you crime . nothing can stop that . but how you leave this world be up to you . milady offer a half -smile , take he hand in hers . milady what do the world ever do for I ? hold on athos . milady 's hand in he . all that he be feel . CUT to : 128 ext . seaside cliff - night 128 a hundred foot below , wave crash on a rocky shore . on the jag cliff above , a black mass of tree be outline against a stormy sky fill with copper- color cloud , surreal in effect . a sinister procession approach the cliff . porthos lead milady . she wear a simple white shift , she hair pull back into a long braid . she look year young , the girl she use to be . the executioner walk behind they . follow by armand de Winter , aramis , d' artagnan . and athos . he watch every step . the procession stop at the cliff 's edge . thunder rumble . lightn slashes the sky . the executioner tie milady 's hand behind she . the executioner remove a bright scimitar from beneath he cloak . milady catch athos ' eye . he hold she gaze . he stare at milady unflinchingly , as if to burn she image into he eye , so that he might keep it there until the day he die . aramis reach inside he cloak , remove the sacred priestly cloth he carry . ( continued ) 120 . 128 continued : 128 the executioner deliver the formal litany : executioner I forgive you for you crime . die in peace . athos repeat , whisper : athos die in peace . aramis come forward , intone : aramis I be the resurrection and the life , sayeth the Lord . he that believeth in I , though he be dead , yet shall he live ; and whosoever liveth and believeth in I shall never die ... the executioner 's sharp blade shine in the light of dawn . executioner on you knee . milady kneel , the executioner step closer . the tableau silhouett against a reddish glow on the horizon . the executioner brushes milady 's braid from she neck , expose the soft white skin beneath . he raise the scimitar overhead , and just as he be about to bring it down ... a cry be hear , tear from the heart : athos no . athos grab the executioner 's wrist , and twist the scimitar loose . it fall to the ground . executioner what 's this ...? porthos leap forward , lock he great arm around athos . porthos athos -- but athos break free . milady rise to she foot . athos rush to she . athos forgive I , sabine . please forgive . ( continued ) 121 . 128 continued : ( 2 ) 128 milady I do . the word he could never say , finally speak . milady lock eye with he . athos ' desperate act , the pure feel it signifies , have give she a kind of release . and the strength to face she fate . milady the cardinal intend to assassinate the King at he birthday celebration on Friday . and with that , milady reach forward , offer a gentle kiss . then , as athos and the other look on , stunne , uncertain ... she take a backward step , find the cliff 's edge ... and step over it . the executioner rush to look after . the other follow . except for athos , who remain roote in place , eye on the distant horizon . a long silence . thunder rumble . executioner God 's justice be do . d'artagnan sadly lower he head . porthos put a consol hand on he shoulder . aramis stand to the other side , mutter : aramis amen . athos musketeer . d'artagnan , porthos , and aramis turn . athos have regain he former self . stoic , in command . and hide a break heart . athos the King 's life in danger . we have work to do . 129 ext . roof of palais du cardinal ( paris ) - night 129 start close on the now familiar portrait of King Louis xiii , usually find hang behind Richelieu 's desk . a shot ring out -- and a blast tear through the painting , leave a smoking hole where the King 's heart should be . 122 . 130 another angle 130 reveal Richelieu and rochefort as they walk across the roof to the painting , appraise the damage . thie cardinal poke a long finger into the hole . richelieu impressive . rochefort he can do it every time . rochefort signal approval to a solitary marksman position far away on one of the roof parapet . the marksman rise from a shooter 's crouch , bow curtly , and begin to reload he musket . richelieu and he have no qualm about ... rochefort none . he believe that man should honor no king before god. richelieu a man of faith . how delightful . ( turn back to the painting ) whatever you be pay he , double it . I want the King 's birthday to be a memorable event . and rehang this painting in my chamber . just as it be . hold on Richelieu for a beat . frame by a sky fill with star . his evil intent . CUT to : 131 dawn 131 break . music up , and ... CUT to : 132 ext . village square - day 132 d'artagnan and the three musketeer thunder through on horseback . pedestrian scurry to get out of they way . as they ride past , porthos raise a crossbow and fire it . the arrow slice through the air with a terrible hum and imbed itself on the public wall . attach to the arrow be a piece of parchment , like the one in d' artagnan 's father 's study . it read : all for one , and one for all. CUT to : 123 . 133 ext . another village - day 133 a captain in the cardinal 's Guard make a public pronouncement from horseback outside a cathedral . townspeople be gather around . captain ... the aforename musketeer be declare outlaw and be sentence to death . any person shelter or aid they will be hang -- hoofbeat interrupt . the Captain turn in irritation . and porthos and aramis ride to either side , snatch the man up by the arm , drag he briefly through the air , and deposit he with a thud against a hitching post . the Captain , stunne , look down at the piece of parchment now attach to he chest . all for one , and one for all. CUT to : 134 int . / ext . various scene - day 134 as the word be pass to musketeer in home and pasture , brothel and game casinos . galvanize they into action . all for one , and one for all. CUT to : 135 ext . paris - day 135 the city as see from the hill . a glorious sunny day . CUT to : 136 ext . louvre - day 136 the citizen of Paris move through the street . they share a common destination , the Palace . a festive mood be in the air . and why not , it be the King 's birthday . CUT to : 137 int . louvre - great hall and throne room - day 137 a gather of noble and lady , all in full ceremonial dress . rochefort be there as well , the familiar eye patch , in command of the cardinal 's Guards . a seneschal wait at the door with two flanking line of trumpeteer . the trumpeteer raise they instrument and blow a royal blast . 124 . 138 entrance door 138 Louis , Queen Anne , and they retinue enter from a corridor , proceed slowly across the room toward the balcony that overlook the wait crowd outside . noblemen bow , and they lady curtsy as the King and Queen pass . constance , dress for the occasion , look on from the sideline , smile . the King and Queen proceed , two teenager with the world at the foot . louis they look ... happy . anne hungry , more likely . louis still , you be right about the celebration . and when the cardinal tell I how much it mean to you ... anne I say nothing . louis but ... ? anne the cardinal express in confidence how much the celebration would mean to you ... both pause to consider the manipulation . 139 int . anteroom - day 139 Richelieu stand in a anteroom just off the procession , he watch the King and Queen as they walk , speak quietly , to himself : richelieu I be not sure which be sadder ... to die so young . or to die a King . Richelieu turn from the procession . speak to rochefort who pause in the shadowy alcove behind he . richelieu France will not go want . a new King will sit on the throne . the true King after all ... he say it quiet fervor , the dream at long last within reach . then , as if to reassure : ( continued ) 125 . 139 continued : 139 richelieu be everything ready ? rochefort yes , you eminence . richelieu be you sure ? rochefort I would stake my life on it , you eminence . richelieu ( a dark beat ) Rest assure , Captain . you have . CUT to : 140 ext . ground outside louvre - day 140 the balcony have be colorfully decorate . the crowd focus its attention on the empty space where the King will soon appear . below , the entrance to the Palace be protect by a double line of the cardinal 's Guards , resplendent in they crimson tunic . it would take a army to get past they . CUT to : 141 ext . near louvre - day 141 the street lead to the Palace be clogge with people , all push and strain to get closer . d'artagnan and the three musketeer arrive on horseback , be force to dismount . they push through the crowd , try to reach the Palace , afraid that they will be too late . athos bark order as they struggle forward : athos ( to d' artagnan ) look through the surround area . we will try to reach the King ... d'artagnan but ...? athos go! athos and the other press on . d'artagnan , a little disappointed to be leave behind , pause , check the building that loom overhead . then he start , react with shock and surprise . 126 . 142 d'artagnan Pov 142 the bell tower of the carme - deschaux monastery . a figure move about , dimly - view , but this much be clear . the man be not a monk . and he be carry a musket in he hand . 143 back to scene 143 d'artagnan turn to alert the musketeer . too late , they have already vanish into the throng . d' artagnan take off run for the monastery . 144 bell tower 144 high above the swell scene . the marksman assume a crouching position , raise he musket , and train it on the empty balcony where the King be soon to appear . CUT to : 145 int . louvre - great hall and throne room - day 145 Louis and Anne continue toward the balcony . Richelieu trail the royal couple . he nod to rochefort in pass . they exchange significant smile . Anne spot the smirk on rochefort 's face . he resume a supplicant pose . Anne glance back , Richelieu behind they . anne I do not trust he . louis I be not sure who to trust . anne then we will discover the truth together . Louis like the sound of that . they step side by side toward the balcony . CUT to : 146 int . steeple - day 146 Bell rope , hundred of foot long , dangle down the vertiginous shaft . d' artagnan race up the narrow , circular stair . above he be the open trap to the bell tower . he catch a glimpse of the marksman , back turn , take aim . CUT to : 127 . 147 in crowd below 147 athos , porthos , and aramis push they way through the crowd , try desperately to reach the Palace entrance . but the throng be impenetrable . athos turn , wonder . and shoot a worried look at the bell tower of the carme - deschaux , loom against the sky , as if to intuit the danger lurking there . CUT to : 148 ext . louvre - balcony - day 148 Louis and Anne lead the procession to the door of the balcony . the crowd roar and the trumpet blare . the King step into the sunlight . the Queen follow , then Richelieu . the three most important people in France stand together , acknowledge the clamoring multitude . 149 ext . bell tower - day 149 the marksman take careful aim . the cheer down below be like a faint whisper at this altitude . the marksman cock the hammer of he flinklock . CUT to : 150 int . steeple - day 150 d'artagnan hear the click of the musket 's hammer , and know he must act now . he look around and see he chance . d'artagnan leap off the stair and grab a handful of rope , use he weight to ring the bell overhead . CUT to : 151 ext . bell tower - day 151 the big bell make a resounding , ear-splitt clang -- cause the marksman 's shot to go wild . CUT to : 152 ext . louvre - balcony - day 152 the shot miss the King and explode into the wall a inch from he head . Louis turn to Richelieu -- see anger and disappointment flash on the cardinal 's face . just for a instant ... but it be enough . CUT to : 128. 153 int . / ext . louvre - day 153 pandemonium , inside and outside the Palace . athos , porthos , and aramis emerge from the crowd at the entrance , draw they sword , and prepare to rush the long line of Guards protect the door . the Guards can not believe what they be see . Three man against a hundred . it 's ridiculous . but then ... the look on Guards ' face begin to change , subtly at first , from amusement to horror . 154 there Pov 154 behind athos , porthos , and aramis , something incredible happen . musketeer appear from every direction . some from the surround crowd . some from building , roof - top . other appear on horseback , a few disguise as monk . and all defiantly wear they blue and gold tunic . the murmur of the crowd become a excited roar . the corps of musketeer line up behind athos , porthos , and aramis . porthos and aramis exchange a smile . athos keep he usually dour expression . but he eye be charge with excitement . they raise they arm , and face the long line of Guards . a hundred saber flash in the sunlight . athos save the King !! the musketeer charge . it be a glorious sight . CUT to : 155 ext . bell tower - day 155 d'artagnan scramble up through the trapdoor , and tackle the marksman . as the bell continue to clang , they fight hand - to-hand . the marksman force d' artagnan toward the edge of the tower . two hundred foot to the ground below . they remain deadlock for a beat , the marksman inching d' artagnan backward , certain death behind he . and at the last moment , d' artagnan summon up the strength of three -- and shove the marksman backward with a resound - ing kick . the marksman stumble , fall through the open trapdoor , and plunge to he death . d' artagnan peer down the shaft . there 's a faint crash as the marksman hit bottom . utilize the bell rope like a fireman 's pole , d' artagnan grab hold and slide down into the abyss . CUT to : 129 . 156 int . great hall and throne room - day 156 pandemonium reign . rochefort instruct he Guards to close the huge door to the great hall . the member of the King 's royal court run in panicked circle , convinced the palace be under seige . constance pause amid the riot , seek the Queen . but Richelieu have find she first . he step to Anne , assume a air of priestly innocence . richelieu you majesty ... but Louis step into view , put a protect arm around he wife , speak stern command : louis leave we ... alone . that 's when a loud boom rock the room . 157 another angle 157 the great door shudder under the impact of a terrific blow . another boom and the great hall be plunge into further chaos . the regiment of Guards rush forward , press they body against the door to secure it . boom -- the great door threaten to split in half . Richelieu huddle with rochefort amid the rise panic . his eye narrow to mean slit , he gesture toward Louis and Anne across the room . richelieu ( a cold whisper ) kill he . kill she , too . rochefort draw d' artagnan 's sword from its sheath . he advance on Louis and Anne . Louis have witness the latter , treason confirm . he raise he own sword , prepare to protect he Queen . to die for she if necessary . louis ( to Anne ) get behind I . rochefort take confident step toward the King . but one last boom and the great door come crashing down on the Guards , revealing a tide of musketeer on the other side . athos , porthos , and aramis at the lead . ( continued ) 130 . 157 continued : 157 Louis break into a wide grin . the musketeer wade into the Guards , and the great hall be transformed into a bat - tlefield . rochefort turn , see athos charge at he . athos greeting , monsieur cyclops . be we interrupt ? rochefort not for long . athos and rochefort lock sword and duel . 158 battle 158 musketeer surround Louis and Anne to ward off attack . but the young King have no intention of be protect . he wade to the fore , fight side by side with he musketeer . Anne watch he with a host of emotion . respect , admiration ... love . Louis pause to return she gaze , then return to battle . constance dash through the fray . she see a Guard slip behind a curtain , approach the Queen . she grab a heavy goblet , shout : constance look out ! Anne look up . constance toss the goblet to she . Anne catch it neatly , bring it down on the head of the hapless Guard . constance smile , leap forward . aramis cut down a Guard . as another man come at he from behind , porthos intervene , run the man through . the two musketeer pause to exchange deadpan thanks , and continue . athos and rochefort slash at each other . it be a mighty confrontation . but athos soon gain the upper hand . rochefort shout to a nearby Guard for help . now it 's two on one . athos receive a wound in the shoulder , he stagger ... and the treaty fall from he tunic to the floor . rochefort react with a start , he grab the treaty , stuff it into he doublet . athos shake off the sudden pain , dispose of the Guard . rochefort and athos face each other a second time . athos wounded , rochefort confident he can finish the injure musketeer . but athos merely change sword hand . rochefort react . they saber clash as they draw together . rochefort grab a dagger from he belt with he free hand . but athos see it come , and smashes rochefort across the face with he fist . ( continued ) 131 . 158 continued : 158 rochefort go sprawling . he lose he sword , it slide across the floor until someone 's foot stop it . rochefort look up ... and see d' artagnan stand on the blade . d'artagnan this sword belong to I . d'artagnan stoops to pick up he long - lose sword . he toss he other saber to rochefort , who catch it neatly . athos watch from a short distance , know this moment belong to d' artagnan . he will not intervene . but he shout : aramis d'artagnan . kill he where he stand . this be d' artagnan 's word . a son vow to avenge the death of he father . d' artagnan wonder . rochefort confirm . rochefort by all mean . let 's discover if you be as brave a man as you father be . and as foolish . d'artagnan ( stunne by the revelation as it unfold ) what ...? rochefort he die for he King and for France . but most of all ... he die on the end of my sword . ( the final curse ) as will you . rochefort smile a taunt . d' artagnan raise he sword , whisper to heaven . d'artagnan this be for you , Father . then , eye blaze , d' artagnan attack rochefort with everything he 's get , drive he into a adjoin chamber . 159 angle to include chamber 159 a FIRE roar in a great stone hearth . its light pro - ject giant shadow on the wall as d' artagnan and rochefort duel , slashing at each other . 132 . 160 great hall 160 athos , porthos , and aramis take the fight to the cardinal 's Guards . each with he by - now familiar tradmark . King Louis fight beside they . 161 d'artagnan and rochefort 161 they battle before the blaze fire , sweat cover they face . rochefort wear a wolfish grin . but d' artagnan have learn he lesson well . he attack with gusto . rochefort 's grin soon turn toward desperation . he cannot match the boy 's vengeful steel . so he drive a knee into d' artagnan 's groin . d' artagnan fall to the floor . rochefort mean to finish he there . but d' artagnan roll away from the blade , leap back to he foot . undaunted , he hurl himself at he hate opponent . rochefort sidestep , throw d' artagnan against a wall . he pin he there , stun the youth . and hiss with superior disdain : rochefort one thing 's certain . you be no musketeer . but d' artagnan remember athos ' advice . " always find you enemy 's weakness . " he shove a thumb into rochefort 's good eye . rochefort stumble backward . d'artagnan plunge he sword into monsieur cyclops 's heart . d'artagnan take it back ...? rochefort I might ... have be ... mistaken . rochefort crumple to the floor , dead . d'artagnan look at rochefort 's blood on he sword . his father 's death finally avenge . that 's when he hear the rustle of a silken robe . d'artagnan pivot , see Richelieu kneel at rochefort 's body ... extract the treaty from he doublet . d'artagnan no !! Richelieu smile , hurl the treaty into the blaze fireplace . as the flame begin to lick at the parchment paper , d' artagnan fly past the cardinal , and dive after to retrieve it . ( continued ) 133. 161 continued : 161 athos , porthos , and aramis enter the room . d' artagnan stumble out of the fireplace , cover with soot , clutching the treaty . he grin . on d' artagnan 's look of triumph ... CUT to : 162 int . great hall and throne room - day 162 a short time later . the battle be over . the musketeer have win . on the dais , Louis and Anne confront Richelieu who be a prisoner now , guard by several musketeer . Louis hold the recover treaty in he hand . d'artagnan and the three musketeer stand nearby . richelieu you majesty , that document be a obvious forgery . I be clearly the victim of a conspiracy design and perpetuate by this three musketeer . Richelieu assume a trustworthy pose , one familiar to both King and Queen . louis this be a complicated matter , you eminence , affect both France and the crown ... a beat . as all wonder if Richelieu will manage to elude blame after all . but Louis continue with quiet author - ity , just a trace of humor . as King , and as a man . louis and so , until such time as I and my advisor -- ( gesture toward Anne ; the musketeer ) -- can determine the whole truth of the matter . I invite you to await we decision in the comfort of ... the bastille . musketeer close in around the cardinal . he fume , protest . richelieu you can not do this to I . I be the cardinal of France . ( continued ) 134 . 162 continued : 162 louis ( never more certain ) and I be its King . shout of " Long live the King ! Long live the King ! " louis and as King ... I hereby reinstate the musketeer . a tremendous cheer be hear from all . Richelieu be lead from the room . he pause in front of d' artagnan . richelieu congratulation , monsieur d' artagnan . I will be keep a eye on you . d'artagnan ( unphase ) thank you , you eminence . I will be watch you , too . Richelieu smile he crocodile smile . follow by guard , he turn and stride away , hand clasped behind he back , scarlet robe billow behind he . Louis turn to the musketeer . he indicate d' artagnan . louis be this the young man who save my life ? porthos put a hand on d' artagnan 's shoulder . porthos his name 's d' artagnan , sire . louis approach , d' artagnan . d'artagnan 's heart pound as he draw closer to King and Queen . then he remember , reach into he doublet . and turn to the Queen . d'artagnan I have something that belong to ... you majesty ... d' artagnan produce the bracelet he find on the country road . he hold it out to she . the King wonder , the Queen smile . ( continued ) 135 . 162 continued : ( 2 ) 162 anne thank you , d' artagnan . but the bracelet do not belong to I . ( off he look ) it belong to she . Anne indicate constance , who step forward , into view . d'artagnan and constance lock eye for the third time . the thrill of recognition , the promise of romance , charge between . d'artagnan slip the bracelet around she wrist . constance kiss he on the cheek . Louis continue : louis d'artagnan , I be in you debt . what can I do to repay the courage you have show I ? anything , d'artagnan . whatever you heart desire ... d' artagnan know what he want . but he be tongue- tie , unable to ask for it . athos ask for he . athos majesty , he heart have only one desire . to become a musketeer . d'artagnan look at athos , thankful for the intercession . Louis answer with pleasure . louis then kneel , d' artagnan . d'artagnan drop to he knee . Louis lay the blade of he sword on each of he shoulder . louis the world be a uncertain realm , fill with danger . Truth despoil by break promise . honor undermine by the pursuit of gold . freedom sacrifice when the weak be oppress by the strong . but there be that who oppose this powerful force . that who dedicate they life to truth , honor , and freedom . they be a constant reminder to all of we . that such a life be not just possible , but necessary to we continue survival . as a country , as a King . this man be know as the musketeer ... ( continued ) 136 . 162 continued : ( 3 ) 162 as Louis speak , d'artagnan close he eye ; countless image rush through he mind . his home in gascony , constance and Queen Anne on the country road , he first encounter with athos , porthos , and aramis , they adventure together , the face of milady . it 's be a busy week . louis rise , d' artagnan . and join they . musketeer . d'artagnan stand , transformed from boy to man . bell ring in the distance . constance smile brightly , tear gleam in she eye . athos , porthos , and aramis surround they young friend , and happily present he with the bright blue tunic of the musketeer . they slip the tunic over d' artagnan 's head , react with a cheer . d' artagnan hug each of the three . for each have give he gift more valuable than gold . porthos , aramis , and last ... athos . who , to the surprise of all who know he ... smile . porthos do my eye deceive I ? aramis I find it hard to believe myself . porthos his lip , unused as they be to such a contortion , twisted and stretch ... into a smile . aramis it be spectacular . and what tooth . d'artagnan bask in they company , wonder aloud . d'artagnan I know this be a stupid question . but what exactly do a musketeer do ? porthos and aramis exchange a glance . they be not so sure themselves . porthos Truth ... honor ... aramis ( helpfully suggest a third ) and freedom . ( continued ) 137 . 162 continued : ( 4 ) 162 porthos be not you listen ? 163 high angle 163 the Three musketeer -- no , make that the four musketeer -- raise they sword , and clash blade together , cause they to give off spark . d'artagnan all for one ... other ... and one for all !! music soar . the curtain fall . fade out . the end