window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app104.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=985;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " https://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://www.alibi-books.com/tlsscript.htm " , " 20170708065153 " , " https://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1499496713 " ) ; the lose Son screenplay - alibi book ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , 'script ' , '//web.archive.org/web/20170708065153/http://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua -39441308 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ; | | | | Home the lose Son of garden & lily the harvesters contact the novel the lose Son about & review a screenplay by Eric and Margaret leclere '' 1996 this be the original screenplay , ' untinker ' with by they who bring it to the screen read extract if you be interested in the story behind this screenplay , you may like to read the follow article by Margaret leclere which be publish in the spectator magazine . the author & Film the screenplay >> victim of intellectual torture free pdf download >> whose film be it anyway ? < pre > ext . reddington road , hampstead . london . late afternoon . fade in ... the purr of a car engine , idling . winter twilight . heavy rain ... a leafy avenue border with somber mansion ... a hand flick a cigarette out the cart window ... it fly through the rain ... hit the wet tarmac with a spray of SPARKS . in and hold on xavier lombard , at the wheel of a triumph 2000 . late 30 , dark , short hair , stony -face , in a conservative dark suit and white shirt - collar button undone ... through the open window he eye survey ... beyond OPEN gate flanked with a security camera : the light - up facade of a white mansion fronted by a gravel drive ; park there : a blue aston martin , two ferraris and a daimler ... int . triumph . late afternoon . in on lombard as he glance at ... the passenger seat : a scribbled note beside a OPEN pack of plain gitane and a sport bag : '' spitz , 46 reddington Road , nw6 ... 5 pm ...Ē he watch ( leather strap , flat with hand ) : 17:07 ... lombard swallow without parting he lip ... quick sequence ... his leave foot ( fine black leather shoe ) push the clutch pedal ; his leave hand ( gold wedding band ) shifting the car into gear ; his right hand spin the wheel ( silver cufflink ) ; his right foot push the rev pedal ... ext . do morae driveway . late afternoon . the triumph wheel crunch to a stop on the gravel next to the aston martint polished spoke wheel ... int . triumph . late afternoon . eyeing up the aston Martin , lombard turn he engine off , start wind up he window and catch sight of ... a uniformed butler under a huge umbrella head he way ... ext . do moraesí driveway . late afternoon . the butler - stiff , sour , middle - age - open the triumph door . butler mister xavier lombard ? lombard eye he coldly , then , unfasten he seatbelt : lombard thatís right . butler will you please come with I ? lombard that might depend on where youíre go . butler I be lawrence , sir . Mr and Mrs De moraesí majordomo . they be expect you . lombard ( a beat ; he look he up and down ) De moraes ? I be ask here by a Mrs spitz . butler that would be Mrs De moraes mother , sir. Mr and Mrs spitz be here with they daughter . lombard eye he a while longer , pocket he gitane and step out the car under the butlert umbrella ... the butler shut the door . int . do moraesí mansion , hallway . late afternoon . footstep echoing ... Grand white marble floor , broad staircase , modern art ... lombard peer around , follow close behind the butler who head for ... huge double door ; the butler open they , stand aside , announce : butler mister lombard . int . do moraesí drawing room . late afternoon . lombard step in past the butler - who back out , close the door - and stop ... take in ... a black and white nightmare of modern italian interior decorate : lot of marble , chrome , glass , steel and leather ; more modern art . we find ... a old couple , the spitzes , sit side by side at a glass table , strangely upright , she dark , intense , she hand on a large envelope , he morose and bespectacle , with a coffee mug and half - eat doughnut ... deborah ( stun , in a crimson tweed suit , its jacket low cut , bare she cleavage and pearl necklace ) stand behind they , arm cross , a cigarette between she finger ... and , deep in the room by a blaze fire , carlo ( dark , handsome , Latin manhood in all its carnal glory ) and mr bani ( 5as , very italian ) sit in armchair study huge technical diagram and eyeing lombard absent-mindedly . Mrs spitz motion to the chair of twisted metal opposite she , say , in a strong , rasp german accent : mrs spitz you be late , Mr lombard . I very much hope you be better at you job than at keep time . anyway , come and sit down . lombard peer at she ; a flicker of irritation behind he eye ... then , wilfully : lombard good afternoon , Mrs ...? mrs spitz spitz . we speak on the telephone . ( perfunctorily introduce the other ) my husband ... ( Mr spitz nod at lombard ) my daughter , deborah , whose house this be . ( deborah just look back at he ) my son- in - law , carlos ... ( he show a few white tooth ) the gentleman be a business partner of he . ( Mr bani look blankly at lombard ) now be you go to sit down or be it you intention to remain stand , Mr lombard ? deborah come , come , give the man time to probe , mummy . do not you know private detective like to appraise people ? ( look lombard up and down ) arenít I right , Mr lombard ? in on lombard ; a frown ... he appraise deborah ... rest he gaze on she cleavage ... smile ... glance towards ... carlos and Mr bani have begin to whisper in italian over they diagram ( there keen whispered chat will go on throughout the scene ) ... turn back to deborah , send she a charming smile and start for the table ... lombard the pleasure be mine , Mrs De moraes . deborah purse she lip , take a drag of she cigarette and sneer as ... lombard sit , grimace , twist to inspect he chairt tortuous back , turn back to the spitzes and , now appreciate why they sit so stiffly , grin , push he chair back , settles on its edge and reach for he gitane ... lombard May I ... ( smoke ) ? mrs spitz ( she wave a hand : ďif you must í ) May I ask if you be jewish , Mr lombard ? in on lombard ; a feed - up frown as he light he cigarette ... mrs spitz lombard , this be not a jewish name , be it ? lombard ( pockete he gitane , with a smile ) I hope itt not too significant . mrs spitz what if it be ? lombard well , I would have to point out that we could have deal with that question when you call this morning , Mrs spitz . I would not like to think iíd keep you wait for nothing . in on Mrs spitz ... displeasure darken she eye ... she appraise he ... mrs spitz whatever , you come recommend . we ... lombard recommend ? mrs spitz must I speak to you in french ? lombard do not you say I come recommend ? ( off she look : kye í ) thatís what I think . May I know by whom ? mrs spitz you may not . and besides , it be irrelevant . lombard ( after a beat , decide to yield ) okay . recommend ... mrs spitz good . now , as I trust you may have guess , we be look for someone to work for we . someone whose discretion can be relied upon . someone who while in we employ would give we full commitment . do you think you could be that person , Mr lombard ? lombard ( he peer at she , then at he cigarette ) look Mrs spitz ... I do not know to whom iím indebted for the recommendation but ... iím not in the business of make oath of allegiance or give myself character reference . what I do be listen to what the people who care to call I have to say and judge whether or not I can be of help . I hope you can appreciate that , Mrs spitz . mrs spitz what I can appreciate be insolence , Mr lombard ! lombard scowl , turn to ... Mr spitz , eye fix on he cup , say a few word in yiddish ... he hand squeezing he wifet arm , a gesture firm but appease . deborah ( os ) would you like a doughnut , Mr lombard ? lombard look up ... in on deborah ; a provocative smile , gleeful contempt ... lombard stand , lean across the table , stamp out he cigarette in she ashtray . lombard do not disturb the butler . I remember the way out . mister spitz ( softly ; mild german accent ) sit down , please , Mr lombard . sit down ... lombard turn to Mr spitz ... uneasy eye in a patchwork of deep wrinkle ... mister spitz please , forgive we . we do not mean to offend you . it ís just that ... deborah let he go , daddy . this be pointless anyway . wonder boyt soon enough go to run out of cash and stagger back to the nest . mrs spitz shut up , deborah ! uneasy silence . deborah sigh , sneer , stamp out she cigarette . mister spitz we be hope to ask you to look for we son , Mr lombard . he ... ( off lombard look ) he have be miss for three week now . we be worried he might be in trouble ... deborah oh , come on ! if you must go ahead with this you might as well get to the point . ( to lombard ) as for you , if youíre determine to stay and hear about my dear brotherís riveting personality , you might as well sit down again . boredom be easier handle that way . and by the way , before you ask , the boy Leon be 31 year old . silence again . Mrs spitz glare at deborah , who light a new cigarette ... Mr spitz fix he pain eye on he clasped hand ... lombard decide to sit down , say helpfully to the spitzes : lombard I take it you son be call Leon ? mrs spitz Leonard . what my daughter be on about , Mr lombard , be that Leonard be somewhat of a bohemian . you might as well know that ... deborah for bohemian read ex-university drop - out and ex-faile rock star recently turn artist photographer . oh yes , and a most likely relapsing ex-heroin addict . mrs spitz we do not know that for certain , deborah ! deborah I say ďlikelyí , mummy . mrs spitz ( to lombard , irritate ) Leonard be a good boy , but sadly he like bad company and be susceptible ... two year ago we send he to a ... a detoxification clinic . it have have the desire effect . he have since be very content live in the apartment I buy he here in London and , until three week ago , he call every fortnight to we home in Scotland . deborah money doesnít grow on tree ... mrs spitz ( to lombard , with irate defensiveness ) Leonard be now devote he time to photography . it be good for he . my husband and I have choose to support he in this . he also work , though . in a restaurant ... ( quickly , preempt deborah ) he wash the dish . Three evening a week he wash the dish . tense silence ; lombard survey the opulent room , come across ... a framed photograph : carlos , triumphant in racing drivert overall , on a podium - Magnum of Champagne in one hand , garland around he neck ... lombard what do you think have happen to you son , Mrs spitz ? mrs spitz you would not be here if I know , Mr lombard . what I do know be that he have not be at work for three week . that enquiry to the police and London hospital have borne no result . and that a check with he bank reveal he have not use he account for four week now . lombard how do you do that , Mrs spitz ? mrs spitz do what , Mr lombard ? lombard check with you sont bank . bank do not usually give out information about they customer . mrs spitz I say earlier that my husband and I be support Leonard in he photography , Mr lombard . by this I mean that since he return from America I have be deposit for he a monthly allowance in a account we jointly hold . so as you see , I do not have to break the law to find out if he use the account . lombard I do not mean to imply you do , Mrs spitz . mrs spitz then you should not have seek a explanation . lombard ( after a beat , grin ) I presume you check you sont apartment ... mrs spitz yesterday . it all look normal . lombard do you look for he passport , drive licence ? mrs spitz Leonard do not hold a drive licence . as for he passport , I do not know where he keep it . lombard so he could have decide to go on a trip ... mrs spitz he could indeed , Mr lombard . but have he do so I think he would have let we know about it . lombard then why arenít you ask the police to look for you son , Mrs spitz ? deborah at last ! a pertinent question . come on , mummy : answer the detective . mister spitz ( look up sadly into lombard eye ) Leonard use to disappear like this before he treatment , Mr lombard . whether he have revert to he former habit be something we would rather not find out through the police . I ím sure you can understand ... mrs spitz ( with a scolding glance at she husband ) ) I be categorical Leonard have have no interest in drug since he come back from America . the spitzes eye each other somberly ... deborah now you know why youíre here , Mr lombard . ( enjoy herself now ) it might be difficult for someone like you to discern , but we be people of a certain stand . lombard appearance can be deceptive , Mrs De moraes . deborah that depend what youíre look at . in on deborah ; cold defiance in she eye ... in on lombard ; a cruel flicker in he ... he soften , smile , ask , only slowly move he eye away from hers ... lombard I take it you son be not marry , Mrs spitz ? mrs spitz no . and before you ask , no , het not gay ! he have have girlfriend , but nothing serious ... lombard any friend ? mrs spitz the proprietor of he workplace be the only friend of he we know about . ( she slap the envelope on the table ) his address be in this envelope with leonard address , key and other thing you might need . ( she glance impatiently at she watch ) lombard I ím sure ... as far as you know , when and where be you son last see ? mrs spitz when ... I ím tell he come here ... deborah Three week ago . to borrow money . I wasnít here but he get to my husband , sell he some fancy story about a exhibition of he work and need money to get new print make . carlos hand over £ 1,000 to get rid of he . lombard and that be the last time any ... deborah well , Leon do not need money for print , Mr lombard . do he own printing . would not want anyone to interfere with he ďartí ! ( after a beat , perversely ) which , as he subsequently vanish , raise the question : what be the money for ? perish the think . in on Mrs spitz - this have hit home ; she scowl at the envelope under she finger ... slide it across the table towards lombard ... mrs spitz the £ 1,000 be on account . lombard ( he peer at the envelope , then off she look ) my rate ... mrs spitz we be aware of you rate , Mr lombard . we will pay you double you rate plus expense . in return , need I say it again , we expect discretion and undivide attention . lombard ( a long beat ; then , grin ) why do you think you son choose not to come to you for fund for he photography , Mrs spitz ? mrs spitz ha ... no , Mr lombard . his monthly allowance be all he be to expect from we . he know it and we feel the amount be more than adequate . lombard nod ... think ... reach for the envelope and stand ... mrs spitz my husband and I will be leave tomorrow for a short stay in Israel . deborah will be here if you need anything before we return . lombard Fine . one more thing , Mrs and Mr spitz ; may I ask what be or be you occupation ? mister spitz we make and sell shoe and leather garment . lombard peer briefly at he , nod , then turn to deborah : lombard what about you , Mrs De moraes ? deborah ( take aback , after a beat ... ) I have too much money to work , Mr lombard . lombard be that why you brother brave come here to ask you for a loan ? deborah ( she eyeball he , then , calmly : ) perhaps it wasnít so brave of he . have I be here I just might have give he he money , Mr lombard . one can reap reward from the strangest of conduct , as someone in you line of work ought to know . lombard ( he grin , nod , turn to carlos , call : ) be it cash , Mr De moraes ? ( carlos look back , baffle ) the £ 1,000 . you give it to he in cash ? carlo ( suave brazilian accent ) oh. Leon . yes . weíve always get cash in ... we always keep money in the house . lombard De moraes . thatís a brazilian name , no ? carlo ( flash white tooth ) thatís right . do you know Brazil ? lombard no . do you work , Mr De moraes ? carlo work ? oh yes . I race motorcar , you know ... ( wave towards the diagram ) that be what this be all about , ha ha ... in on lombard ... a polite smile . ext . football pitch , market road . early evening . pouring rain on a floodlit pitch . a match be in progress , a local - shopkeeper -keep -fit kind of affair ; man of all shape , age and race run , puff and yell in disparate shirt divide into yellow and reds . the ball be kick into the air ... drop to ... lombard ( liverpool shirt ) kill its fall on he chest , proceed upfield ... past one yellow player ... another ... go for a third , slip and fall ... '' foul ! '' scream someone ... lombard pick himself up , grin at ... a player with a crew cut : MARK oak . ext . upper STREET , NORTH london . early evening . more rain . car crawl in the halos of they headlight , crowd scurry along the pavement , between the car ... in on a good - looking brunette , a strike figure , umbrella hold high ; she saunter around the front of ... lombard triumph , at the kerb , engine idling ... through swish wiper , lombard , in tracksuit top , watch she impassively , a cigarette between he lip ... his passenger door be open , a man , Mark oak , in a raincoat , be lean into the car , eye greedily follow the brunette as he talk ( he dialogue covering all the above ) : MARK oak ( on / off screen ) ďso whatís you problem ? í I say ; ĎI mean , if shen beautiful and great in bed , huh ?!í ďwell , shen kind of psychic , í he say ; ďyou know - precognitive . í ďwell , if shen a good fuck , í I say , Ďwho care , huh ? í ďthatís just it , í he say ; ďwhenever weíre at it , she keep yell '' Anthony ! Anthony ! ēí the guy call Steve , right ? ďsorry ? í I say . and you know what the poor bloke say ? he say : ďshe say she canít help it . shet get to yell the name of the next bloke shen gonna lay . í honest to God , ha-ha ... int . triumph . early evening . in on lombard ; a polite smile ... then a frown as he see ... arrive beside Mark oak : jane ( young , bubbly , shamelessly flirtatious , in a puffa jacket ) panting but beam through she droop wet blond hair ... MARK oak oh dear ! heret my other tenant ... jane ( keep she eye on lombard ) hello , Mr oak . hi , savieer . youíre go home ? MARK oak ( before lombard can speak , gesture she in ) he be . if you would , mademoiselle . Jane send lombard a search glance ... he nod ... she beam , get in , notice ... lombard eye on she hand hold something under she jacket ... jane Fish and chip . keeping it warm . MARK oak ( lean in again , winking at lombard ) better rush . just see a brunette go my way . ( sniff the air above Jane ) ah , the smell of warm , moist fish ... too bad ... he grin at Jane and shut the door . Jane watch he walk away with a disgust look on she face , then , as lombard pull away , say coyly : jane hello again , neighbour . I do not intrude , do I ? lombard how be you , Jane ? jane Fine . how be the match ? do you loose ? lombard no. jane must be you lucky day then . iíve get you account - you do not owe much tax for last year . lombard good . jane yes . but my boss reckon youíd still be better off as a limited company . for expense and all that , you know ? itíd cost you about £ 100 but he say itíd be worth it . ( off lombard silence ) of course , youíd need a partner to register . but that ís a formality . I mean , I could be you partner . I mean , just as a name , right ? lombard grin ; this be all too familiar ... he pull into quiet essex road , revs-up ... Jane gaze pensively at he hand on the gear stick , look away ... jane have you hear of a french film call '' La collectionoose ? lombard La what ? jane '' La collectionoose . it ís about a young girl in the south of France who seduce a different man every night and then meet one who resist she . itt on tv tonight and as I ím in I think we could perhaps look at you account and ... the review say itt about the conflict between intellect and instinct . and witty . the directort suppose to be famous . rommel or something . french . you must know he ? lombard should I ? jane I do not know . how many famous french film director can there be ? lombard that be call rommel or something , I guess not that many . ( he pull up at the kerb ) jane so you havenít see the film , then ? lombard itt Friday night , Jane . what happen to you latest boyfriend ? jane oh ... we split up . lombard ( switch he engine off ) well , I hope youíre not too heartbroken and ... jane oh no . I ím all right . he be a jerk , really . another boy , you know ? all I meet be boy . when I think of all the fuss about older man fancy young girl . I mean , be it true ? lombard shake he head , pick up he sportsbag and get out ... lombard you fish and chip must be get cold , Jane . ext . essex road . evening . Jane get out into the rain , ask across the triumph roof : jane no. seriously . I mean , what about you , savieer ? do you think older man like young girl ? he peer at she ... mild despair ... he flick he gitane away , lock he door ... lombard what about Mr oak , Jane ? ( look up , off she puzzle look : ) he might even give you a rent rebate . in on Jane ; she understand ... a stung young animal ... she glare and ... storm off to a door beside the screen shop front of a building ... in on lombard ; a touch smile as he watch she struggle angrily with she key ... lombard iíve get work tonight , Jane . jane ( too hurt and angry for cleverness ) oh yeah ! better be good and hurry away then ! who know ? we might be be watch ! maybe one of you stupid french company have get a detective pry into you life - after all , thatís what they do to they employee , be not it ? huh ! hope you enjoy ruin peoplet life . thanks for the lift ! she go in , slam the door ... stand in the rain , lombard peer coldly at the door then ... make for it , put he key in the lock ... as he struggle with the lock we see .. a sign above the shop : M. oak &amp ; son , family butcher . int . lombard office , lombard flat . evening . silence but for some soft shuffling movement ... the room be bare - four chair , a desk with computer , telephone and answer machine and two goldfish in a large aquarium . in on the desk ; on and around mrs spitzís envelope : a wad of £ 50 note , a set of Yale key , a a4 sheet with , in neat handwrite : deboraht phone number ... the spitzes Scottish number ... and : -' leonard address : 14b , drake Avenue , nw2 . ( top floor ) '' -' Philip Smith ( leonard employer ) : the four season , holme Road , nw5 . tel : 0171 ... '' int . lombard bedroom , lombard flat . evening . diffuse lighting . in front of a mirror , lombard finish dress in a clean suit , fasten he cufflink ... we move on to ... lombard ís football kit strewn on a chair ... a tv set on a stool ... a open wardrobe ... a roughly make bed with a dry-cleanert wrapper and a dark suit jacket on it ... a half - full ashtray and gitane pack on the bedside-table ... ext . residential STREET , NORTH london . evening . rain . in a raincoat , smoking , lombard lean against he triumph , eyeing ... across the street : a modern apartment complex ... he flick he cigarette away ... int . leon spitzí apartment . evening . silence . lombard stand in the doorway , against the light corridor ... in on he gold - band hand feel the wall , find the lightswitch ... light ! he be look into a hallway . he go in , shut the door and step into ... the live room ( spacious , all mod-con , noticeably clean and tidy ) . lombard survey the room , eye scan the wall hang with ... large black &amp ; white photograph : a naked girl in a coffin as if dead ; a scantily clad girl in contort pose with blood and wound ( after-rape scene ? ) ; a girl pierce with arrow ( fall angel ? ) ; a girl in nightgown impale on railing ( break innocence ? ) ; a girl in a foggy landscape , dress as death , with scythe and all , mouth wide in a scream - a explanatory caption here : '' doe death fear death ?Ē. lombard shake he head , proceed around the room , past ... bookshelve ... a few spine ... many book about the holocaust . tape and CD collection - Bob Dylan , the Doors , nirvana ... video shelf ... old b&amp ; W thriller , ďnoirí title like ďdoaí , ďthe Big heatí etc ... a Disney tape : ďsleeping beautyí ... lombard raise a eyebrow ... now he rifle through a pile of magazine ... ďtime outí , ďsight &amp ; soundí ... a book of photograph by Bill brandt ... he glance at the flashing light of a answerphone and go out to ... the kitchen ( tidy , but for a dirty bowl and spoon by the sink ) . he lift the dustbin lid , look inside ... empty cereal box , milk carton , ravioli can ... the bedroom ( spartan , a double bed , mess up on one side only ) . lombard scan the room from the doorway , move to ... the bedside table ... a box of tissue , a open book , cover face up : '' occult bondage and deliveranceē ... lombard open the drawer ... a colour photo in a perspex stand ... he reach for it ... a couple arm in arm by a mountain stream - she , good - look , blond , late 20 , jeans , country type ; he , early 30 , thin , with long black curly hair , roughly dress . he replace the snapshot , move to ... a chest of drawer ; he pull open the top drawer , glance in ... the bathroom ( bare except for a bar of soap , toothbrush , toothpaste , shampoo , towel , pack of disposable razor and can of shave foam ) . lombard open a medicine cabinet ; box of q-tip , aspirin ... look into the small dustbin ; a twisted toothpaste tube ... gaze at the toothpaste tube on the sink ... half use , lid on ... a darkroom ( wealth of equipment , hang negs , dry develop trays ; pile of contact sheet and print ) . lombard leaf through some print ... more girl in macabre pose ... check the enlargert neg carrier ... empty ... leafs through a pile of contact sheet ... shot of London scene : market crowd , stroller in park , roadworker ... leave the room he distractedly glance at ... a wall - mount phone , number scrawled on the wall around it . back in the sitting room . a desk drawer ... lombard leaf through a pile of papers ... leont last bank statement :... in credit by around £ 20 ... access card statement : credit limit £ 1,000 . Leon owe £ 997,50 ... bill ... final reminder ... another drawer ... among personal effect - silver lighter , cheap watch , Donald duck key , pen - a address book and a british passport ... lombard flip through the address book : mostly blank page ... open the passport : the same man as in the colour photo ; eye dark and haunt , long black hair plaster to he skull , mouth tightly shut ... name : leonard jozef spitz ... lombard glance out the dark window to the streetlamp below , pocket the address book , replace the passport , shut the drawer , push the answering machine play button and move back to ... the bedroom ... lombard return to the bedside cabinet , retrieve the colour photo and remove it from its perspex stand ... answering machine man : yeah . phil here , man . what the fuck you do , eh ? itt 8:30 , the place be full and I ím do the bloody wash - up . get you arse over here , get it - beep . phil : thanks for shit , Leon . you better have a good reason for this when I see you face tomorrow - beep . girl with a welsh accent : hi Leon ... it ís I . iíll call again ... - beep . mrs spitz : Leonard , this be you mother . call I when you get home , all right - beep . phil : what the fuck be you play at , you bastard . if I do not see you arse here in the next hour youíre through , understand ? - beep ... welsh girl : Leon ? ( long pause ) be you there ? ( long pause ) ... - beep . phil : Son of a ... - beep . mrs spitz : Leonard ! it be Tuesday now . what be happen ? I have be call you work and they tell I you have not be there . I be in London next week and I hope to hear from you before then - beep . welsh girl : I , er , I try to reach you at work but phil say youíd leave ... I hope you - I hope everything all right ... - Long beep . Rewind . thoughtful , lombard pocket the photo and check he watch .... int . the four season restaurant . evening . small , seedy , ďcoolí place . loud rock music . a foursome talk animatedly ; couple eat quietly ; a gay couple ; a lone waitress move between the table , some empty . we find ... lombard , out of place , wait for attention just inside the door , cold eye assessing ... by the kitchen door behind the bar : phil ( pony-taile ) chat with a young chef ( messy uniform , smoking , rock to the music ) . both be clearly high on dope . waitress even . table for one ? lombard ( charming , milk he french accent ) no . thank you . could you tell I if Leon spitz be here , please ? waitress ( she eye he up and down , surprised ) Leon ? no . I ím afraid he leave . lombard Left ? when ? I just come from he place and there be no one there . a neighbour of he ... waitress no . I mean he leave as in no longer work here . lombard ( he affect a worried frown ) oh. this be ... weíd arrange to meet tonight and I ím due to return to Paris tomorrow ... waitress I ím sorry ... lombard yes . you would not know where I could reach he ? we have to discuss a exhibition of he photograph at my Paris gallery , you see ? I really need to see he before I leave . after a beat , she shrug , gesture for he to wait ... she make for the bar where she speak to phil who eyeball lombard over she shoulder before stride across the room ... he stop in front of lombard , hand in pocket , with a piss - off frown : phil welcome to the club . lombard Excuse I ? phil I hear youíre look for Leon . that make I , he old - lady , and now you , look for the little bastard . leont go , man . vanish . you interested in he photograph ? lombard uh-huh . phil no shit ... well , I ím afraid I canít help you . lombard I take it you do not know where he be , then ? phil huh ! you could always try suicide Bridge . ( off lombard puzzle look ) you do not know Leon , do you ? lombard I know he work better than I know he . phil let I put it this way then ; the photograph and the man ? one and the same , man , one and the same . at best fuck weird , at worst fuck - up fuck weird . maybe you should think yourself lucky . some folk just ainít worth get involved with . and Leon sure be one of Ďem . lombard what about he girlfriend ? phil what about which girlfriend ? lombard ( describe the girl from the photo ) small , blond , good-look . she be with he when we meet . she have a funny English accent . phil oh. thatíd be rhian , a welsh chick he use to lay at weekend . she get wise and dumped he month ago ... lombard would you know where I might reach she ? phil yeah ! somewhere in Wale . I do not really know she . use to turn up in a Transit van on weekend , sell old furniture at camden . thatís how come he only laid she at weekend , ha ha ... lombard could that be camden market ? phil yeah . why ? youíre go to look for she ... shit ! you really think he picture be that good ? lombard ( he cold eye focus on phil ) fucked - up fuck weird . in on phil ; a confound frown ... should he laugh ? ext . outside the four season . night . rain . under a streetlamp , lombard leaf through ... leont address book : ďrí page ... it be blank ... he frown , pocket the book , turn to ... ext . camden market . day . a grey day . a cacophony of 60s and 70s track as we see ... a slow move sea of trendiness drift between the market stall ... we find ... sequence of lombard search the face of Ďantiquesí stall - holder through the market ... now peer at a beautiful woman ... glaring at a group of impeccable young punk , as if preserve from the 7ut , but french ; they voice drift across : ďhey , cíest cool Áa , non ?í... look over a ageing woman in fishnet tight sway to a Bob Dylan song ... walk calmly on as people hurry from the returning rain ... and on until , drench and weary , he stop to light a cigarette near ... a guy with a plastic hood hop up and down behind he sorry display of wet cigarette lighter on a box . a sodden handwritten sign read : ď5 lighter £ 1 í lombard ( eyeing the sign , without malice ) be there really a live in this ? the young guy look back at he , vex , look away ... blow the smoke from he cigarette , lombard eye he , confuse , then turn away to ... a tramp rummage through a bin ... int . leont flat , sitting room . day . lombard be listen to the message again ... answering machine mrs spitz : ... in London next week and I hope to hear from you before then - beep . welsh girl : I , er , I try to reach you at work but phil say youíd leave ... I hope you - I hope everything all right - long beep . Rewind . lombard pick up the receiver , be about to dial , change he mind , press the last recall button . a few ring ... no answer . he dial ... 1-4-7-1 ... phone computerize voice call box number 01766 770 471 call on Thursday the 9th of novem ... he hang up , peer out the window ... a flicker of think ... int . leont darkroom . day . a ringing tone . lombard be on the wall - mount phone , wait , he eye on ... the number scrawled on the wall : amongst a few London number , several six digit number , with the code 01766 ... no answer . he redial ... after a few ring a little girll voice : little girl # 1 ( os ) hello ? lombard hello . who be this ? ( a giggle ... whisper ... several girl giggle ; lombard frown ... ) hello ? can I speak to you mother ? little girl # 1 ( os ) ( suppress giggle ) you have reach the wrong number ... this be the speak sheep . at the third baa it will be time to have a pee - baa , baa , baa ! ( roar of girlish laughter ) lombard listen you ... little girl # 2 ( os ) ( speak very fast , laugh ) this be the speak sheep . at the third baa it will be time for a pooh - baa , baa , baa ! ( she laugh and hang up ) in on lombard stare at the handset , incense ; he dial again . directory enquiries operator ( os ) directory enquiry . can I help you ? lombard yes . I ím try to reach a friend but I canít get through . the number be 01766 770 471 . directory enquiries operator ( os ) 01766 770 471 . let I check it for you , sir . wait , lombard take out a pen , reach for a contact sheet , absent - mindedly scan it ... stroller in a park ... he flip it round as : directory enquiries operator ( os ) there ís nothing wrong with the line , sir . be you sure you have the right number ? 770 471 be the number of a call box . lombard a call box ? thatís odd . where exactly ? directory enquiries operator ( os ) penrhyndeudraeth , North Wale . lombard can you tell I how you spell ... int . stationary triumph outside leont flat . day . rain drum on the car . lombard scan a road map ... in on a road map : up along the M1 ... onto the m6 ... blue line snake ... move to another page ... m54 ... a5 ... and on until ... ext . welsh road . afternoon . rain : a road sign : ďpenrhyndeudraethí ... the triumph speed past ... ext . penrhyndeudraeth , MAIN square . day . his back to a red phone box , lombard scrutinize ... the village square : police station , Post Office , pub , ďsparí grocer .... it ís quaint , quiet and dull . int . SPAR grocer . day . a couple of customer ( country housewife type ) . lombard be talk to the grocer ( red -face , lovable type ) ... lombard ... she sell I a couple of chair in London and iíve come to collect the match pair . unfortunately , I seem to have mislaid she address . shet small , blond , attractive . I think she drive a Transit van ... lady shopper ( cut in behind he ; welsh accent ) rhian gelli be the one he must be look for ... ext . SMALL country road . afternoon . the rain have stop . no house in sight . the triumph cross a small bridge ... pull over by a cattle grid lead to a dirt track along a river ... int . triumph . lombard check a roughly draw map on a paper bag ... ext . the triumph bounce through puddle along the track ... come to ... a SMALL clearing ; a batter blue transit van stand there , alone . int . triumph . lombard park by the Transit ... light a cigarette , eyeing ... up ahead , a footpath wind up river into the wild ... ext . footpath . afternoon . under dripping tree , lombard walk along the footpath ... reach ... ext . rhiant cottage . afternoon . the bottom of a field with graze sheep lead to a stone cottage , smoke rise from its chimney . out front rhian ( in gumboot ) split log with a axe . a asian boy , shiva , about 10 , and a blond girl , cary , about 6 , play football near she . lombard stop , observe they ... start upfield ... in on the asian boy ; he spot lombard , freeze with dead eye . in on the blond girl ; she turn to lombard ; cry out to ... in on rhian ; she follow the girl gaze ... dread in her eye ... in on lombard ; he stop , frown as ... yelling in welsh , rhian herd the two child into the cottage ... lombard peer at the empty field for a moment , flick he cigarette away and resume walk ... he stop again , stiff . rhian be back , head he way , hold a double - barrel shotgun . rhian this be private property . the public footpath be back to the leave of the bridge . lombard ( as she stop ten yard from he ) how be you , rhian ? in on rhian ; somethingís wrong ... she dither ... raise the shotgun ... rhian on - on the ground ! lie down on the ground ! lombard scowl . she fire above he head . he duck ... glare ... rhian lie down on the ground , I say ! lombard reluctantly kneel down on the wet grass , hand up ... lombard itt wet . will this do ? rhian ( a beat as she hesitates ) where ís you wallet ? have you get a wallet ? lombard be this some kind of mugging ? because ... rhian shut up ! where ís you wallet ? lombard in my jacket . Left inside pocket . rhian reach for it and throw it to I . and ... my fingert on the trigger , you hear ! lombard groan , reach for he wallet , toss it to she ... she pick it up and , struggle to keep the shotgun on he , search it ... a french drive licence , business card ... she frown , read : '' xavier lombard , private investigator ... '' rhian a private investigator ... youíre not austrian ? lombard should I be ? rhian ( she toss he wallet back ) whatt a french private investigator do here ? lombard ( reach for he wallet ) can I get up now ? rhian no ! what do you want here ? how do you know I ? lombard as you know from speak to phil , you friend Leon have disappear , rhian . his family have hire I to find he . rhian ... leont not here . how do you get here ? phil do not know where I live . lombard well , I obviously do . and I also know that leont not here , rhian . but I think that you might know where I should look for he . rhian you think wrong . I havenít see Leon for month . lombard havenít you ? then why the worried message on he answer machine , rhian ? iíd have swear you expect he to be in trouble . rhian you - youíre wrong . I just call to ask if I could stay with he next time I ím in London . thatís all . lombard peer at she . she look away , uneasy ... he pocket he wallet . lombard well , since you have a gun , iíll take you word for it . now , I ím go to stand up and quietly return to my car , all right ? rhian stay silent ... he get to he foot and , with a piss - off frown , inspect he wet trouser leg , sweep the dirt from they , say : lombard by the way . do you friend Leon employ a cleaner ? his flat seem remarkably clean , for a single man suspect of be back on drug . he peer at she ... she stare , too perturb to speak ... he look down again ... lombard never mind . you be my best hope of locating he , so I guess I ím now out of a job . I expect he family will relay my finding to the police . ( he turn to she again ... grin ) I trust you have a shotgun licence . my apology forsounding austrian . Goodbye , rhian . he turn and start walk away , pull he gitane from he pocket ... rhian ( os ) wait ... lombard stop , turn back ... in on rhian ; she be crying , softly ... int . rhiant cottage , first floor landing . afternoon . lombard stand behind ... rhian lean against a close door , call in welsh : rhian cary ? tell shiva not to be scared . the mant not go to come in , all right ? ( she stare at lombard , take a deep breath , open the door and move aside ) my daughter cary and she friend shiva , Mr lombard . lombard look into ... a childrent bedroom : deep inside , cary stand protectively in front of shiva , she arm hugging he behind she , sullen eye on lombard . shiva , much taller , cower behind she , dead -eyed . rhian shiva doesnít speak English so we do not know where het from or what he name be . but we have to call he something , so shiva it be . ( a beat ; she go on , in burst ) he cost £ 15,000 . Leon buy he . from a austrian who sell child to pervert . be not you glad you come , Mr lombard ? in on lombard ; a puzzle frown ... he turn to ... rhian , lip tremble , through she tear , she eye he defiantly ... rhian what be you go to do now ? call the police ? take he away ? I must warn you het terrify of man , so ... lombard shut up ! lombard turn to the child again ... smile reassuringly ... int . rhiant live room . afternoon . cave - like but welcoming . SOUND of child playing upstair . lombard sit by a log fire , sombre , smoking , a cup in he hand , eyeing ... rhian , on the edge of a armchair , clasp a tea-mug , fight tear - beautiful with fire - light reflect in she tearful eye ... rhian ... I think iíd call the social service but ... he take to my daughter , start to come out of he shell , so ... he need care . they donít ... ( a beat , she sigh ) anyway , thatís all I know . six week ago Leon turn up with shiva , say he buy he in London from a austrian , give I £ 3,000 for he keep and leave say he be go to try to rescue another child ... apparently , theret plenty more where shiva come from . lombard scrutinize she ... he drink - she have a heavy heart , need time , no point in harass she . his eye roam the wall ... lombard leont ? she follow he gaze to ... a b&amp ; W portrait of she - it ís pleasant , sensual even , unlike leont other work ... she nod . he smile . she look away . rhian we do not quite make it as lover ... Leon be a good man , though ... lombard do Leon tell you why he do not want the police involved , rhian ? rhian he just say he have good reason . lombard good reason ? rhian thatís what he say . I try to dissuade he ... told he I could not take on another child , that heíd get into trouble ... I mean , people who sell child ... but he wasnít listen ... I guess he finally find himself a crusade ... his family think het back on drug , eh ? ( off lombard smile : ĎI ím afraid soí ) huh ... Leon do drug . a lot of drug . go through he self - destruct phase , you know ? thing to come to term with . demon to fight ... some peoplet mind be gloriously uncomplicate . not leont . he do beat the drug , though . he do . lombard his mother would be pleased to hear that . rhian yeah ... but he do not beat the demon ... ( off lombard look ) a quarter of all the shoe sell in Europe be make by or retaile through he parent leather empire . all start from a small shop in the East end of London and war reparation money for holocaust victim . lombard I ím afraid I do not understand . rhian theyíre german Jews . come here before the war . they both lose all they family in extermination camp , but they themselves never go near one . the idea that he family wealth be start with money he believe should have go to camp survivor have be haunt Leon . it ís not guilt , more of a curse ... ( a beat ) and then theret something about he parent be involved with Nazi hunter ... but I think thatís just one of leont dark delusion ... lombard ( after a beat , thoughtful ) do you know leont parent name ? rhian Albert ... Albert and ethel . why ? lombard stay silent ... childish laughter from upstairs ... rhian glance up , down again , send out a tense sigh , turn to lombard and look away again , gently drying she tear on she sleeve . rhian what happen now , eh ? lombard drag he cigarette , flick it into the fire , pensive ... lombard who else know about the boy ? rhian my sister ... she life in the next valley . lombard be she on the phone ? rhian yes ... you - youíre not go to take shiva away ? lombard take out he wallet and a pen , find he card and hold it out to she . lombard I canít think of a good reason for it - for now anyway . my number if anything happen . what ís you sistert number ? rhian ( incredulous , reach for the card ) oh , I ... she just move . iíve get she new ... it ís in my book in the kitchen . wait ... thank you . lombard watch she hurry out ... he sigh , scan the room , rest he gaze on ... rhiant shotgun against a wall ... and stand , pockete he wallet and pen ... lombard and you better stop greeting stranger with a shotgun . if leont austrian be look for you I reckon heíd have find you before I do . rhian I ím sorry . it ís just you do not look local ... lombard no sick people in the country , huh ?... just tell I one thing , rhian . leont story about the boy ? you just take he word for it ? rhian ( stare at he from the kitchen doorway ) heíd come prepare . he have something besides shiva ... ďsleeping beautyí . the Disney film ... ( a beat , off he look ) well , it look like the Disney film . it be something else . I could not watch ... in on lombard ; a thoughtful frown ... ext . penrhyndeudraeth , MAIN square . dusk . lombard be in the phone box , he triumph park beside it . lombard Moreau ? Laurent ... yeah . and you ?... good. listen , I wonder if you could check some people in the computer ... yes , again ... no , theyíre new client of mine , Albert and ... ( a approach car drown he word ) int . leont flat , sitting room . evening . lombard reach for the ďsleeping beautyí video box from the shelf ... it look like the real thing ... he open it , pull the tape out ... in on ... lombard turn it over in he hand ; it be properly label ... he slot it into the vcr , press play ... the arrow light up ... a clunk ... in on the tv screen : a little girlly head on a pillow , asleep ... CUT to : two men laughing at a restaurant table . there dialogue , in stiff dubbed english : '' renatta assure I shen get something special in store for we this weekend . '' '' well , after last time there can only be one thing : the perfect love machine , ha-ha ... '' int . a brasserie , soho . night . lombard stand in the doorway , eye search ... a late night hang out ; tired , lonely people , whisper conversation ... nathalie ( young , elegant , very french ) sit at a table over a coffee , read a '' Le mondeē , smoking ... lombard settles opposite she . she look up , eyeball he , deadpan . nathalie you look like shit , xavier . in on lombard ; he doe , there be anger in he eye . lombard comment vas-tu , nathalie ? nathalie just stare ; a lot of thing flow between they eye , thing they do not need to speak about . she frown ... nathalie quíest - ce que tu veux ? lombard un autrichien . negociant en prť - pubescent . nathalie raise she brow , sneer , turn back to she newspaper . nathalie Les histoire díenfant not míintťressent pas , xavier . lombard grin - he know she be go to say something like that . lombard whatt a hour of you time worth this day , nathalie ? ( she look up again , softly blow out smoke ) combien , nathalie ! nathalie cinq cent . lombard vien . as lombard stand , nathalie look beyond he ... he look back , see ... in the doorway : two men ( middle - age , well - groom ) stand search the room . on see nathalie one of they beam . nathalie jíai bien peur quíil the faudra attendre . ( off lombard look : ďwhen ? í) pas avant la matinťe . lombard tu sais oý I trouver . lombard turn and make for the door , scowling at the two men now make for nathaliet table ... '' Michelle ! Long time no see , ha - ha ... '' int . lombard office . morning . lombard , asleep , slump at he desk , head on the table between a glass , a bottle of cognac , the ďdisneyí tape , a wad of £ 50 note . bang ! a red folder hit the desk . lombard start , sit up , bleary - eye ... Jane ( coat , handbag ) gaze at he , frown . jane you door be open . this ... this woman be downstairs , ringing you bell . lombard look past she ... nathalie be in the doorway , a laconic smile on she lip ... they eye lock ... silence ... Jane wait , then , indicate the red folder : jane you account . they just need you signature . iíve get to go to work . Goodbye . and she edge she way to the door ... in on Jane as she pass nathalie ; threaten , search eye ... in on nathalie ; a smirk . nathalie bye . and thanks ... nathalie gently close the door , eye lombard who shake himself awake ... roll she eye and survey the room ... nathalie oý est passť ton salon ? lombard mon bureau coŻtait trop cher . nathalie eh bien ... tíes 's Żr que tías besoin de moi ? ( off lombard look : ďwhat ? í) La petite mía líair assez bien foutue , non ? lombard frown , grab the £ 50 note and videotape from he desk and start across the room ... barely stop , he grab she hand and push the money into it , then go on towards the kitchen . lombard cafť ? CUT to : lombard lean against the window , smoking , a coffee in he hand , eyeing ... through the kitchen doorway : nathalie sit at the table , smoking , watch the tv screen above the fridge ... in on she profile ; she eyebrow twitch , she cheek muscle tense ... in on lombard ; quiet satisfaction in he eye ... int . lombard kitchen . morning . he switch the tv off , turn to nathalie ... she gaze at the ďsleeping beautyí box on the table , she hand tremble just a little as she light a new cigarette . lombard alor ? nathalie alor quoi ? lombard Le montage , líemballage . not you regular street muck , be it ? this be collectorsí stuff . how much would it cost I ? nathalie a líachat , trois ou quatre mille . en location , cinq cent . mais Áa pourrait faire plus . je not sais pas . cíest pas vraiment mon truc . ( off he look : ďand ...?í) I do not know any austrian , xavier . lombard but maybe you know someone who do . a austrian , in London , deal in kid and snuff video . how many can there be ? this people supply to order . he have to be know , reachable . nathalie then why do not you reach he ? lombard I do not have you credential , nathalie . he look hard into she eye ... she look back , coldly , then take a drag from she cigarette , eye on the video box again ... she look up , sneer , then grin : nathalie can you afford a room in a proper hotel ? ( off he look ) it will look better . I also need more money ; five hundred in a envelope and the same again for my time . int . west end nightclub . night . loud music . happy group around table ... sweaty people writhe on the dance floor ... couple snogging ... we find ... at a table near the bar : lombard sit , smoking , watch as ... nathalie work she way across the room to a table where a middle - aged man ( suit ) and a young woman ( a prostitute ) sit . the man eye nathalie , grin , signal the young woman ... she scowl at nathalie , stand and make for the bar . nathalie sit , pull a envelope from she handbag and put it in front of the man as ... pass lombard table , the young woman turn , stop , smile , step towards he . he smile , politely ... lombard I ím afraid I ím otherwise engage . ext . west end nightclub / piccadilly circus . night . lombard and nathalie emerge from the club ... walk into the dark ... nathalie youíre a trustworthy sicko of mine whot hear only good thing about the austriant product and doesnít want anything else . he claim not to know of any austrian but heíll call around . therets no refund if he fail to deliver . you should get a call tonight . they go on walk in heavy silence ... reach piccadilly circus . nathalie stop , flag down a black taxicab . lombard be he you pimp ? she look straight into he eye . he smile , sadly , as the cab pull up beside they and the cab driver open he window . nathalie we be so alike , xavier . still , sometimes I wonder which one of we be the ugliest . lombard ( after a beat , open the cab door ) if you can , send I a receipt . nathalie smirk , get into the cab , say to the driver : nathalie clarence Square . and hurry , I ím late . lombard shut the door and the cab pull away ... he stand for a moment , gaze at ... eros , silhouett against neon ; homeless youth on the step around it ... he turn away , down Piccadilly , towards ... ďle meridianí HOTEL , glisten expensively in the dark night ... int . le meridian , room 142 . night . lombard lie on the bed , shoe and jacket off , the phone on he chest , dialling . lombard Moreau ? cíest moi . alor ... moreau ( o.s. ) salut , Laurent . ouais . it wasnít easy but I get what you want through interpol . say , whatís you business with this spitzes ? lombard they lose they son . why ? moreau ( os ) it appear that in they young day they be actively involved with a shady german group of Nazi hunter know as '' never forgetē . over the year weíre talk about a dozen or so execution - type killing . lombard be they still operative ? moreau ( os ) they last suspect kill occur two year back , though you spitzes now probably do no more than bankroll the group . still , iíd watch my step . this people be well - connect , Laurent ; former israeli prime minister , etc . the ladyt also president of a international Zionist organisation ... anyway , you get the picture . lombard mossad ? moreau ( os ) it ís a good guess ... lombard frown ... mutter a ďthanks , moreauí ... and replace the handset , thoughtful ... the phone ring almost immediately . he pick it up : ďhello ?í. man ( o.s. ) I meet you friend earlier . you get a pen ? lombard ( grab a pen from the bedside table ) go ahead . man ( os ) you want Mr friedman - 0171 435 6268 . say youíre call about the puppy . lombard friedman - 0171 435 6268 . the puppy ...? man ( o.s. ) yeah . you see the ad at georget , alright . the man have go . lombard dial ... a few ring ... a woman answer , ďhello ? í lombard can I speak to Mr friedman ? a few click , as if the line be be divert ... a few ring ... then a old manis voice , with a german accent : kye ? í lombard I ím call about the puppy . friedman ( os ) ( silence , then : ) have we do business before ? lombard I see the ad at georget . ( no reply ) I ím pass through town and I ím in a hurry . friedman ( os ) May I have you phone number ? lombard why ? friedman ( o.s. ) this be a bad line . CUT to : lombard sit on the edge of the bed , lighting a gitane , the phone on he lap . it ring . he answer : '' yes ? '' friedman ( os ) what sort of puppy be you look for ? lombard what sort have you get ? friedman ( os ) pups. bitches . from three to twelve month . train and untrained one . White and brown one . you understand ? lombard ( after a beat , voice calm ) yeah . friedman ( os ) we also provide 24 - hour after - sale service . be the puppy to fall sick or accidently die , we would unburden you , you understand ? lombard yes ... good , good ... friedman ( os ) so , what be you look for ? lombard what about a untrained pup , white ... friedman ( os ) how much of a hurry be you in ? lombard tomorrow ? friedman ( os ) I ím afraid the only pup currently available at such notice be brown and train . but they be all very cheerful and have be thoroughly check for disease ... lombard I see . how much ? friedman ( os ) Fifteen for a straight delivery . twenty with the provision of a safe place . Visitors tend to find the second option more convenient . lombard ... Fine . iíll go for the safe place . friedman ( os ) have the money ready by 11 be . weíll call you . lombard put the receiver down , check ... he watch : 00:10 ... int . do morae drawing room . night . the butler , in he dress gown , wait in the open doorway wearily watch ... lombard , hold a briefcase , stand stare into the cold fireplace ... deborah - cling robe , eye puffy with sleep but still make up ( shen clearly be drink ) - come in past the butler ( who close the door behind she ) , glower at lombard and make for the sofa . in a croaking voice : deborah I will not comment on the time but youíll understand if I do not tell you to sit down . now , spare I the apology and get to the point , will you , Mr lombard . ( she sit down and light a cigarette ) lombard I ím afraid I have bad news , Mr De moraes . I have reason to believe you brotherís in trouble . deborah for you information , Mr lombard , trouble be possibly the one thing Leon be capable of get into all by himself . though I doubt he will not ultimately fail even at that . lombard ( smile , sigh , retaliate : ) I do not know . he seem to delight in so much sisterly love , he might become determine . deborah oh - oh ! touchť , Mr lombard ! but tell I , what would you know about sisterly love , eh ? ( a beat , with a icy glare ) no. donít . you might get confuse speak of thing you do not understand and we need you clear - head , at least until youíve do what we be pay you for . lombard now you be confusing I , Mrs De moraes . deborah can it be that easy ? lombard can it be that you want you brother find ? deborah anything be possible . lombard peer at she ... choose not to bother ... he open he briefcase ... throw ďsleeping beautyí onto the low table in front of she : lombard I find this at you brotherís . deborah ( she glance at the cover , then : ) Disney ! how inter ... lombard it ís a snuff movie . Prime paedophile material . iím tell it retail at around £ 4000 . ( as deborah frown at the tape , rigid ) I see you do not require a definition . deborah you ... you find that at leont ? lombard therets more . you brother also purchase a young boy for £ 15,000 . deborah look back at he , confound ... lost for word for once . lombard you seem surprised . could it be you do not think that badly of he after all ? ( off she silence ) you need not worry . it seem he motive be pure . from what I can make out he buy the boy to rescue he from further abuse . deborah what ... what be you talk about ? lombard you brother get mix up with child procurer and try to make this world a better place , Mrs De moraes . and have rescue one little life he unwisely set out to repeat the exercise . ( a beat ) you do not mess around with child procurer . right now my guess be het either on the run , hold captive , or dead . ( off she horrify frown ) I understand you misgiving , Mrs De moraes . but iíve see the boy and make telephone contact with the man Leon buy he from . if anyone know what happen to you brother it will be that man . which lead I to why I ím here at such a late hour . I need £ 20,000 , in cash , by 11 this morning . deborah Excuse I ? lombard I need the money to smooth my way , you understand ? now , have you get that sort of cash here or do we need to meet in the morning ? deborah stare at he , think hard ... she amazement turn into indignation ... lombard pre-empt what he think be come : lombard I will of course do my best to hang onto it . deborah where be it ? ( off he look : ďwhat ? í ; shouting ) he . the boy you say my brother buy ! where be he ? lombard I canít tell you that yet . but het be well look after . deborah oh no . youíll have to do better than that , Mr lombard . lombard ( angry ) look , Mrs De moraes , however much of a let down it might be , you brotherís not back to he old weekend trick ! impressionable as he be , he probably grow tired of healthy girl in grisly pose , try move on to bigger thing , come upon more than heíd bargain for and somehow fancie he could take on the real world . which he no doubt chance upon on he way to that thing now sit on you table ... have a look at it , Mrs De moraes . I tell you I have bad news ... deborah scowl ... lombard wait , give she time to calm down but ... it seem too much for she ... she laugh nervously , look at the video , shake she head : deborah not Leon ... in on lombard ; a puzzle frown ... deborah how dare you ... ( a beat , eyeing the tape again ) you do not know this tape belong to my brother , do you , Mr lombard ? lombard the question now be whether or not you brother still own anything , Mrs De moraes . deborah ( glaring at he ) no . the question now be how long itt go to take you to get out of here , Mr lombard . lombard Excuse I ? deborah get out of my house . youíre fire , Mr lombard . lombard ( a angry frown ... then , calmly : ) perhaps I should come back when youíre ... deborah ( cut in , get to she foot ) no. youíre fire ! get out of my house . and take you sick tape with you ... and she pick up the videotape and hurl it at he ... he duck , turn to see ... the tape crash against the wall ... turn back , bemuse ... deborah now watch he in cold disdain . she call to the door : deborah laurence ! lombard ( peer hard at she ) I be hire by you parent , Mrs De moraes . deborah the family hire you and I have just fire you , Mr lombard . lombard ( long beat as he look back at she , then : ) why I , Mrs De moraes ? why should such well - connect people as you hire a small - time french detective to look for they miss son , Mrs De moraes ? deborah huh ! who do you think we be , Mr lombard ? lombard couldnít Nazi hunter do the job ? deborah size he up , surprised , then ... to the butler in the doorway : deborah see Mr lombard to the door , laurence . he be leave . lombard peer at she , realise he wonít get anywhere now ... he hold up a hand appeal to the butler to wait , search he pocket , pull out a ďle meridianí matchbook , throw it on the table and turn for the door . lombard iíll be in room 142 until 11 be . keep the tape . ext . do morae driveway . night . ďmerde !í in the rain , lombard throw he briefcase into he triumph . int . le meridian , room 142 . morning . the empty briefcase OPEN on the undisturbed bed ... a full ashtray by the phone and ... lombard lean against the window , smoking , stare through rain streak glass ... below : traffic and pedestrian swarm over wet Piccadilly ... the phone ring .... lombard turn and snatch it up : kye ?í manis voice ( os ) ( with a yorkshire accent ) it ís about the puppy . you get the money ? lombard ( a beat , he glance at the briefcase ) yeah . manis voice ( os ) at what time will you be available ? lombard ( glance at he watch : 11 be ) Three oíclock . manis voice ( o.s. ) ďle mercuryí . Newman street . ask for Peter . int . lombard bank . day . lombard empty he Safety deposit box , pocket bundle of use £ 20 note ... the box be almost empty now . lombard look over the remain item ... more money ( mostly french ) ... a old blue french passport ... in on lombard ; hurt in he eye ... he slam the box shut : clang ! int . lombard office . day . lombard reach into the pebble bottom of he aquarium , pull out a flat plastic - wrap bundle ... the doorbell ring ... he shake the bundle dry ... shove it in a desk drawer ... look out the window ... through the rain : a blue aston martin be doubleparked down below . int . first floor landing , lombard flat . day . lombard stand in he doorway , look down into ... the stairwell : deborah , look rough , but in a attractive suit , climb the stair ... she stop on the landing , silently hold out a Marks &amp ; spencer bag ... lombard take it , glance inside : bundle of pristine £ 50 note ... deborah I still do not buy you story but I figure it canít do any harm to let you go on with you enquiry . besides , if you do turn out to be nothing but a cheap little extortioner , we could always get the right people onto you . I trust you know who I be talk about . lombard ( grin ) you drive a hard bargain . deborah open she mouth , waver , turn and start down the stair . deborah youíve get you money . do you work . int . lombard office . day . lombard at he desk , write ; over he shoulder we glimpse a few word : ďrhian ... penrhyndeudraeth ... friedman ...í in on a wastepaper bin ; the wrapping from the aquarium bundle ... in on a corner of the desk ; a handgun and silencer ... lombard fold the note , put it into a envelope address to ... deborah De moraes ... insert this envelope into another envelope ... int . janey flat . day . a square of floor just inside janet door ... a envelope be sly under the door - we hold on the message scrawle on it : ďdear Jane , a little favour . if I ím not back by the time you leave for work tomorrow please send the enclose letter by express messenger . xavier .í ext . west end STREET . afternoon . heavy rain . a smart , busy street line with restaurant and cafe ... a black cab halt the traffic as it pull up ... lombard , with he briefcase , get out and , as the cab drive on , stand on the kerb , peer at ... across the road : ďle mercuryí restaurant - elegant facade , tinted window . a white mercede sit in front ; inside a young driver read a paper . lombard check he watch : 14:52 . int . ďle mercuryí. afternoon . dim lighting . empty table . a muscly barman in a white shirt polish wine glass ... he look up ... lombard stand inside the door , eyeing across the room ... the only customer : peter ( fat , grey-hair , smart suit ) look back at lombard while talk into a mobile phone , a half - eat ice cream sundae of he . barman we open at six . lombard Peter ? the barman eyeball lombard ... nod towards Peter ... lombard send he a stony grin and make for ... Peter , keep he eye on lombard , pocket he phone and ... as lombard reach he table , check he watch . peter five to three . youíre early . lombard should I come back in five minute ? in on Peter ; he scoff ... glance at the briefcase , indicate the seat opposite . peter May I offer you a drink ? lombard slip into the seat , put the briefcase on the table . lombard no . iíd like to see what I ím buy . Peter raise he brow ... then casually resume eat he sundae ... peter I gather weíve do business with a friend of yours ? lombard ( a beat ; then deadpan ) have you ? peter ( swallow ice-cream , perplex ) the person who put we in touch seem to think so . lombard I do not recollect mention a friend . Peter swallow more ice-cream , put he spoon down , dab he lip with a napkin , reach for the briefcase , turn it round , open it just enough to look inside ... he shut it again , turn it back to lombard and light a cigarette . peter you lady friend do . lombard the ladyt not a friend . shet a whore . ( he pause , stare at Peter ) someone at a special screen I attend mention certain goods could be get from a austrian here in London . and not just movie . Peter scrutinize lombard , calmly , then break into a smile . peter and while visit we fair city you ... ( off lombard look : ďthatís right í ) a austrian ? lombard a austrian . peter a austrian ... not much to go on , be it ? lombard ( impatiently ) question can amount to revelation . now , iíd hate to think I be make to come here carry a substantial amount of money in order to be subject to a cross - examination . Mr friedman lead I to believe we have a deal . do we ? Peter eye lombard , take a drag from he cigarette , peer at ... lombard wedding band ... he nod he head in agreement ... peter will you be alone ? ( off lombard frown : ďwhat ? í) the merchandise . be it just you or ... lombard iíll be alone . peter ( a beat ; he grin ) you must agree to be blindfolded ... ( off lombard look : ďwhat ? í ) just for the journey . it might appear unseemly - youíre the pay customer - but ordinarily client come with some kind of endorsement . lombard glance at he briefcase ... Peter follow he eye ... lombard look up , eye hard ... Peter gesture he be sorry but ... ext . ďle mercuryí. afternoon . rain . lombard get into the back of the mercede ... Peter behind he ... int / ext . moving mercede / around london . afternoon . in on lombard ; tight -lipped , he look down at ... in he hand : a deck of polaroid ... he shuffles they slowly ... six shot of six young boy , each with a number on the top leave corner ; all age between 7 and 11 , all naked , all stand limply before the same dark backdrop . lombard hand the polaroid to Peter without look at he ... lombard number six . Peter pocket the photo , dial on he mobile ... lombard turn to the window to watch london rainy street pass by ... we hold on he grim face as ... peter ( os ) number six . weíre on we way ... ( a beat , then , to the driver ) stop in a quiet spot when you can , Jack ... lombard turn ... Peter be unfold a black hood ... ext . the mercede be stationary in a quiet STREET ... int . mercede . lombard stretch out on the floor between the front and rear seat , hold the hood ... Peter , sit in the front now , look back ... in on lombard ; he peer at Peter , then , as he put the hood on : lombard drive carefully ... dissolve to black as lombard face disappear into the hood . int . room 40 . afternoon . in on lombard ( stand ) as the hood be remove from he head ... manis voice ( os ) ( Yorkshire accent , as on phone earlier ) I hope you journey wasnít too unpleasant . lombard squint in the neon light ... look down ... martin ( burly , 5as , in shirtsleeve ) sit behind a table , look he over . lombard turn to survey ... a austere , impersonal bedroom ... on a single bed a muscly giant in a tight suit sit folding the hood ... he greet lombard gaze with a stony nod and tuck the hood into he pocket ... lombard turn back to Martin : lombard what happen now ? martin we conclude we transaction . in on Martin ; he peer at lombard ... lombard step forward , put the briefcase on the table , open it , swivel it towards ... Martin look inside , pick up a bundle of £ 5as , pull one note out , examine it , then proceed to transfer the rest from briefcase to table , say tonelessly : martin the roomt yours for 24 hour . it ís sound - proofed , stock up with food , drink and other thing you might find useful . you can do anything you like . lombard anything at all ? martin anything at all . I presume you wonít want to take the boy with you when youíre finish ? ( he shut the briefcase , push it back towards lombard , look up ) therets a £ 500 fee for disposal . the boy be yours , you understand ? lombard nod , jaw clench ... martint eye linger on he ... martin vous ute franáais ? lombard do it matter ? martin scrutinize lombard a little longer , then motion towards the giant and turn he attention back to the money . martin heíll take you to the boy . do not forget you briefcase . and Martin start count the money , he finger expertly racing through the note ... lombard turn to the giant who stand up ... int . corridor . afternoon in on a gold number 40 as the door be slam shut . giant this way . and lombard , briefcase in hand , follow the giant down a windowless corridor , past more door ... 41 ... 42 ... 43... until ... door number 46 ... '' do not disturbus on the handle ... the giant unlock the door with he back to lombard who frown at ... through the giantís tight jacket : the line of a holster strap ... the giant open the door and step aside to let lombard through : giant iíll lock behind you . pick up the intercom when youíre finish or if you need anything , alright ? lombard pause , then step into ... int . room 46 , inner corridor . afternoon . a narrow passage to a padd door ... lombard wait as the outer door be lock ... turn to the padded door , open it ... the SOUND of a bug bunny cartoon ... int . room 46 . afternoon . lombard stand just inside the padded door , peer at ... in a armchair : boy number 6 ( T - shirt , short trousers , plimsoll ) look back at lombard , apprehensive but docile ... sbug bunnyí be on the tv in front of he . lombard raise he voice above the tv : lombard do you speak English ? ( the boy frown ) franáais ? no reaction . lombard sigh ... scan the room ... pad wall , mirrore ceiling , a huge bed , small drink bar , a hifi , video player , fridge , shelf of porn video and literature , a dark doorway ... and the boy again , still gaze at he ... lombard smile , shut the padded door and cross to ... the dark doorway : he turn on the light ; a windowless bathroom . he walk to the fridge ... stock with food and drink ... open a cupboard : s&amp ; m paraphernalia , sex aid , aphrodisiacs , tranquillizers , a still camera , video camera , etc ... all neatly stack . he eye the boy again ... turn to the fridge , open it , reach for a chocolate bar ... make for the boy , squat and hand it to he with a reassure smile ... the boy warily reach for it . in on lombard as he peer with a frown into ... the boy1 eye : dilate pupil - het obviously be sedate . lombard ( point to the bathroom ) you go in there . in there , yes .... the boy frown , stand ... docilely walk into the bathroom and out of sight ... lombard peer after he , then straighten up and follow he ... the bathroom : the boy stand by the bath eyeing lombard in the doorway . lombard ( point to a stool ) it ís all right , huh . you sit down . sit. ( the boy timidly sit down ) good . you eat you chocolate . it ís yours . he point at the chocolate in the boy hand , make eat motion ... the boy doesnít seem to want to eat ... lombard bring he finger to he lip ... lombard you stay here and be quiet , okay . shhh ... and he slowly and softly shut the door . now lombard switch the tv off , put he briefcase on the bed , pick up the intercom and , with it wedge between he shoulder and ear , pull he handgun and a silencer from he pocket and calmly start screwing one onto the other . lombard therets no toilet paper . ( pause ) there ís no toilet paper . ( pause again ) uh-huh . I ím sure . and hurry , will you . CUT to : lombard stand behind the open padded door , gun at the ready , a cigarette between he lip , listen ... the outer door be be unlock ... slam shut ... footstep ... the giant step in with a pack of toilet roll : qheret the ...í lombard stick the gun into the nape of he neck and kick the door shut . lombard on the bed ! giant ( bemuse , turn ) what ...? lombard whacks he across the face with the gun , shove he hard ... the giant drop the toilet roll , stumble back onto the edge of the bed ... he put he hand to he face , take they away - theyíre red with blood from he nose . giant Jesus ... he start to rise , furious , reach under he jacket ... lombard send he back down with another crack across the face ... lombard where be the austrian ? giant you ... fuck you ! lombard aim at one of the giantís knee , shoot ... the giantís leg jerk , fall still ... the giant gape at he knee . lombard youíre not play with little boy now , scumbag . where be the austrian ? giant jee ... fuck ... youíre fuck mad ! lombard shoot he other knee ... stun - though still show no pain - the giant gape at the blood cascade onto he polished shoe ... look up : giant who be you ? lombard ( aim the gun at the giantís crotch ) where be the austrian ? be friedman the austrian ? giant ( grab he crotch ) yes . friedmant the fuckiní austrian ! lombard where be he ? giant I do not know . het go ! ( lombard slap he ) het go . I do not fuck know where , I swear ... het go . on holiday ... lombard ... on holiday ? giant yeah ... this morning . he leave this fuck bloody morning ... Jesus , man , my knee ... and the giant begin to sob with he tremble hand suspend in mid-air above he knee ... lombard watch he , thoughtful , then : lombard whot the money man ? giant who ? ( lombard aim at he crotch again ) Martin ... het Martin ... lombard pull out the snapshot of leon - with rhian tear off , only she arm around leont waist visible . lombard ever see he before ? giant ( he peer at the snapshot ) no ... no ... ( off lombard look : ďare you sure ? í) I swear ... lombard whatt this place ? a hotel of some kind ? giant yeah ... the diplomat . lombard where ? giant what ? lombard where be we ? giant finsbury Park . weíre in finsbury Park . lombard where be the kid ? giant what kid ? lombard there be six on offer , you scumbag . where be the other five ? giant I do not know ... ( lombard whacks he across the face ) this be just a delivery place , man ! I swear I do not know where the kid be ... I work for Martin , thatís all . Martin know . he work for friedman . he know ... lombard and who do friedman work for ? giant the company . we all work for the company . lombard what company ? giant I do not know . I do not know , man . I do not even know friedman that well ... I ... ( he stare at he bloody knee again ) man , youíve get to get I out of here ... lombard how many of you scumbag be here ? giant just I ... ( off lombard look ) martint go back to the ambassador . look ... lombard whatt the ambassador ? giant another hotel . down the road . Martin life there . he take you money . het get a safe ... ( stare at he bleeing knee again ) I need a doctor ... lombard what about the staff ? ( off the giantís look : í what about they ? í) theyíre in on whatís go on , arenít they ? how many of they ? giant F -five . the wilson and they three kid . they run the place . look , man , iíve get to get to ... lombard knock he out with a gun blow to the back of the head ... int . corridor . afternoon . room 40 ... gun at the ready , lombard knock at the door ... no answer . he try the handle ; itt lock ... he frown , think , turn towards ... int . sequence . stairwell / corridor . afternoon . stairwell . lombard hurry down the stair , hand grip he gun , reach ... a sign : ďsecond floorí ... dull SOUND of television from behind a door . lombard go on down the stair ... ďfirst floorí ... voice drift up from the lobby ... lombard listen ... the voice of a young girl be drown by a loud drunk irish man ... : ďbecause I ím tell you , woman . iíll be home next Sunday ...í lombard turn , look back along ... the corridor : at the end , a window show cold twilight ... he make for it ... through the window : in heavy rain , car crawl in they headlight along the dark expanse of finsbury park ... int . room 46 . afternoon . lombard squat over the groan giant ( now tie to a radiator , a pool of blood around he leg ) , search he ... he toss the giantís gun away , disregard he wallet , mobile phone ... find the room key - pocket it - and keys on a BMW keyring . he examine they ... pocket they ... stand , kick the giant ... the giant groan ... open daze eye to see ... lombard shoe stand on the blood soaked carpet ... lombard what colour be you car ? ( off the giantís daze look : ďhuh ? í) what colour be you car ? giant b-black ... lombard where be it ? giant downstair ... at the front ... Jesus ... the giant look up , hopefully ... lombard knock he out again with the gun ... the bathroom : boy # 6 still sit with he untouched chocolate bar ... int . corridor / stairwells / lobby . the diplomat . in on lombard bloody shoe step onto the corridor carpet ... stairwell : lombard , he gun in one hand - conceal beneath the raincoat over he arm - he briefcase and the boyt arm in the other hand , hurry down the stair towards the SOUND of muffled voice from below ... he tug the boy past the ďsecond floorí sign and on down the stair ... SOUND of a door open and laughter below ... lombard stop , tighten he grip on the gun , peer over the bannister ... first floor corridor : a embracing young couple step into the stairwell and start slowly down , exchange kiss and pleasantry ... lombard frown , glance at the boy , decide to ... he pick up the boy , sit he on he arm , and hurry down after ... the couple ... lombard slow , follow close behind they as they near the light and noise of the lobby , eyeing over they head ... a ordinary 2 STAR HOTEL lobby . a drunk lean against the wall with a bag at he foot ... Beyond , at the desk , by a flicker tv , a pretty receptionist be give direction to two men bent over a ďa to zí. further , a woman shake she wet umbrella by the glass front door ... the couple skirt the drunk ... lombard follow , speed up ... he catch up with the couple as ... the man put he room key onto the desk without stop ... as the receptionist look up and smile mechanically , lombard hurry ahead ... past the couple ... past the umbrella girl and ... ext . the diplomat / street , finsbury park . dusk . ... out , into pouring rain . hugging the boy to he , lombard turn right outside the door and hurry away ... he look back over he shoulder just once before ... he turn the corner ... cross the road ... stride past shop ... turn another corner ... stop and , pockete he gun , search the street ... see ... ext . bus shelter . dusk . two women wait for a bus ... in on woman # 1 : a instinctive smile as ... in on woman # 2 : a frown as ... lombard step into the shelter still hugging the boy ... he return woman # 1 ís smile , put the boy down , scrutinize he ... the boy stand in he plimsoll , wet and shiver , clasp he sodden chocolate bar to he chest , stare at the ground ... lombard quíest - ce que je vais faire de toi , hein ? he turn to ... woman # 1 ís smile have go ; she stare at the boy with a worried scowl ... feeling lombard gaze , she look up ... lombard grin , contritely : lombard I just find he stand all alone in the rain . iíd be grateful if one of you would be kind enough to take he to the local police station . his parent be probably look for he . sorry . I ím in a hurry . thank you . and he hasten away into the rain ... the two woman frown at each other ... ext . road along finsbury park . dusk . dripping wet , smoking , lombard stand with he back to the park ... facing he across the street : nondescript hotel - one light up neon sign read ďthe diplomatí ; another , 50 yard away : ďthe ambassadorí . lombard flick he cigarette away towards ... a shiny black BMW park along the kerb ... int . lobby . the ambassador . dusk . similar to the diplomat . a harass - look male receptionist argue over a bill with a scottish family check out ... dripping onto the carpet , lombard peer past the receptionist into ... a OPEN doorway behind the desk : two filipino - looking women ( raincoat , handbags ) sit silently at a table over tea mug . a bald man ( English , shirtsleeve ) read a tabloid in a armchair beyond they ... lombard ( curtly , interrupt the receptionist ) hello there . Martin around ? the receptionist frown , look lombard quickly up and down , glance at he briefcase , hesitates , then , off lombard stony grin : male receptionist er , Mr martint go to the dentist . he should be back soon . ( point to a armchair by a pot plant ) if you want to wait ... lombard turn to ... the entrance ; two men ( one middle - age , coat , scarf ; the other young , long -hair , leather jacket ) walk in , wave at the receptionist , cross behind lombard and the family and go through another door past the desk ... to reappear in the room with the filipino woman and the bald man who , see they , stand up to close the open door , absent - mindedly peer at lombard as he do so ... lombard thank you . iíll come back later . the receptionist nod and turn back to the family with a sigh ... ext . the ambassador / finsbury park . dusk . rain . a few yard from the ambassador , lombard shelter in a dark doorway , eye search the pavement leave and right and across the traffic pack road ... he focus on the burly silhouette of a coat man with a umbrella head he way ... it ís not Martin ... turn to a volvo parking nearby ... a woman and two child get out ... turn as a taxi stop across the road ... martin - coat , glove , scarf - get out and start to cross between car ... lombard block martint way as he step onto the kerb ... lombard how be you , Martin ? in on Martin as he stop dead with a tight - lipped frown ; he left cheek be swollen , it take he a moment to recognise lombard ... he glower , instinctively lower he eye to ... the pocket in which lombard conspicuously hold a gun ... peer at he briefcase ... then , with a slight slur : martin problem ? lombard ( nodd back at the ambassador ) be my money in there ? martin ( a beat , a bit reassure , foxy eye smile ) uh-huh . you couldíve wait for I inside . lombard nod , gently ... grin a icy grin ... signal towards the diplomat ... lombard lett go . martin ( not move , still smile ) I do not know what you problem be , but ... lombard right now you big friend at the diplomat be bleed fast , Martin . he might still possibly survive if attend to soon . and he do cooperate . in on Martin ; incredulity and fear ... he automatically glance at the ambassadort light up entrance behind lombard ... then ... a frustrated grin ... ext . black BMW near diplomat , finsbury park . dusk . lombard shove Martin into the BMW drivert seat , slam the door shut and ... int . stationary BMW , finsbury park . dusk . Martin , piss -off , watch lombard settle behind he in the rearview mirror ... martin if itt money you want youíre make a mistake . ignoring he , lombard open he coat , pull the snapshot from he jacket pocket , hold it out over martint shoulder ... lombard ever see he before ? Martin squint in the semi-dark , turn , signal lombard that het go for he inside pocket ... slowly take out spectacle , put they on ... martin be I suppose to know he ? lombard six week ago . he buy a boy of yours . martin client come and go . lombard this one come back and be never see again . I understand friedman look after he . martin ( squinting at the snapshot , sceptical ) huh , I doubt it ... ( he trail off , take he glass off ... ) friedman only deal directly with select customer . I handle the rabble ... in on lombard ; a frown ... he pocket the snapshot ... lombard where be friedman ? martin ( eyeing lombard in the rearview mirror ) look , I do not think youíre fully aware of what youíre play with here , mister . whoever put you up to this either pay too well or misinform you . why do not you just tell I what it be you want so we can do business in a civilized manner , eh ? in on lombard ; he eye darken ... in one swift movement he whacks martint swollen cheek . Martin scream in pain ... lombard watch calmly as he bury he cheek in he hand , moan ... then : lombard if I be you iíd stop act dumb and narrow down my thought to speculate on whether I ím go to kill you even if you do answer my question , Martin . now , where be friedman ? ( he wait for martint moan to subside ) where be friedman , Martin ? as Martin glare ahead without answer , lombard stick the gun into the nape of he neck ... '' where be ...Ē martin alright . alright ... ( nervous , he peer in the rearview mirror ) youíre not gonna like it ... right now friedman must be landing in Los Angeles . not due back for a month . in on lombard ; a flicker of dismay . Martin see it ... sneer ... martin whatíll you do now , eh ? fly to the U.S. or make a appointment for next month ? lombard think , stare at the gun still stick in martint neck ... lombard friedman life with you at the ambassador ? martin no. in hampstead ... why ? lombard ( hold out the BMW key ) do not jump any red light . ext / int . haverstock hill / BMW . dusk . rain and heavy traffic . the BMW climb towards hampstead ... jolt ... martin this car need petrol . lombard ( whack he across the back of the head ) shut up and drive ! the car cough , jolt ... run smoothly again as Martin turn into a level road ... ext . hampstead residential road . evening . the BMW cruise past a few opulent house ... through the rear window : in on lombard peer at ... a STREET sign : ďreddington Road , nw6 í... lombard look back at it over he shoulder as the BMW continue on and disappear around a corner ... int . stationary BMW . evening the car be idling . Martin peer across the road ... lombard eye ... a quaint hampstead cottage ( alarm siren BOX conspicuous on facade ) ; the diamond - pane window be dark , a car under a tarpaulin sit in the drive , a side gate visible in the darkness behind it ... lombard so this be friedmant ... how many kid be that worth , eh ? ( a beat ) pull across and park in front of the drive . ext . road by driveway , friedmany cottage . evening . rain hammer onto the gun and silencer in lombard hand ... through the bmwis open rear window , lombard take aim ... pull the trigger : four flash in quick succession ... phewt , phewt , phewt , phewt ... in on the alarm BOX ; thud , thud , thud , thud .... four hole , smoke , spark ... the low whine of a start siren ... it die . silence . int . BMW . evening martin youíre out of you mind . what ís the idea ? lombard ( peer out at the nearest house ; no sign of life ) maybe the think of people like you go on holiday bother I . come on , lett go ... ext . front drive , friedmany cottage . evening . lombard push Martin up the wall by the side gate ... ext . back garden , friedmany cottage . evening . crash ... lombard fist ( wrap in he coat ) punch out a pane of the french window ... dripping wet , Martin watch sternly ... now lombard have the door open , gesture Martin inside ... int . friedmany drawing room . evening . silence , darkness . lombard wait just inside , watch ... Martin move through the dark , stop , reach for ... click ; a chandelier light up ... lombard scan the room ... Regency furniture , oil painting , bronze statuette ... he frown at ... a picasso nude ... then turn to ... Martin , hand in pocket , gaze grimly at the muddy footprint het leave across the carpet ... lombard nod towards the Picasso ... lombard be it real ? ( Martin sneer ) you people be sick . martin huh . iíd have think a tough guy like you would know better . the sick one be out there , friend . they make up the client Ťle . get rid of they and weíre out of business . lombard only feed the disease , eh , Martin ? martin money talk , bullshit walk , whether you like it or not . lombard maybe I donít . martin maybe you should . think about it . that who can afford we goods do they thing without upsetting anyone . that who canít do it to kid from the street or they own family and it make upsetting headline . lombard I ím overcome by you public-spiritedness . martin boy like the one you meet today be surplus . commodity worth a handful of note in whatever arsehole of the world they happen to be bear into . we improve some life buy they where theyíre not want , improve still more sell they where they be . be that too hard for you ? in on lombard ; loathing burn in he eye . lombard you know what , Martin ? I ought to tie you down with you old arse up in the air and advertise the hole in the middle of it to the world . free . and hope you never die . martin huh ... I ím sure thereíd be lot of taker . lombard could someone have hurt you that bad ? they eyeball each other ... lombard wave he gun towards a door ... lombard come on . lett find somewhere to keep you out of sight . int . kitchen , friedmany cottage . evening . lombard shove Martin through a door into ... a windowless laundry room ; Martin crash into a wash machine ... lombard slam the door ... int . friedmany cottage . evening . upstair corridor : walk , gun in hand , lombard open door , switch on light , glance into ... a bedroom : double bed , impersonal , obviously a spare bedroom ... a bathroom : carpete , antique bathtub , gold tap ... a lavatory : wooden toilet lid , gold toilet roll holder ... the master bedroom : spacious , oil landscape , bay window ... lombard step in , frown at ... the single bed with silk spread ; a manis leather slipper on the carpet , square to the bed ... he peer into the closet ... ment clothes and shoe , neatly arrange and hang ... the bedside cabinet . he pull open the drawer ... a handkerchief , neatly fold , a leather bound book ... he pick it up ... a bible , in german ... int . office , friedmany cottage . evening . lombard sit in a swivel chair at a leather - top desk , its drawer pull open . lighting a gitane he solemnly survey ... the desk : a mat , lamp , pen-set , three telephone in line and he gun , next to a pile of papers ... in on the top sheet : a gas bill make out to otto gluck . lombard sigh , scan the room ... panell wall , leather bound book and ... opposite the desk ; a oil portrait of a man , about 40 , dark and handsome , sit leg cross before a fireplace ... lombard focus on it ... frown ... stick he cigarette between he lip and make for it ... in on the painting : beyond the man , hang above the fireplace , a sketch of the picasso nude from friedmany drawing room ... lombard peer at the paintert signature ... illegible ... the mant eye ... intense and dark ... he unhook the painting , turn it over ... in small letter on the canvas we read : '' o.g. wien , 1979Ē . int . kitchen . evening . with the painting and gun in one hand , gitane in he mouth , lombard unlock the laundry room door , push it open , frown and freeze , look into ... darkness ... a scream . lombard start , see ... martin coming at he , face contort in a scream ... lombard bite on he gitane , drop the painting , drop to a squat , aim and ... fire ! Martin crash hard into he shoulder , stumble over he and lombard spring up , send he tumble into the kitchen where ... martint body hit the floor with a loud thud . lombard spin round , train he gun on he . face up , Martin lie still ... ďdamn ...í silence . lombard wait ... move to Martin ... inspect he chest : blood gurgle through he shirt ... martint face ; a grin ... in a throaty voice : martin think I might as well have a go . you be go to bump I off anyway , werenít you ? lombard stay silent , flick he cigarette into the sink , look around , pick up the painting and hold it above Martin . lombard be this friedman ? martin who be you ? who be you work for , huh ? lombard be this friedman , Martin ? ( Martin glance at the painting , snarl ) come on , scumbag . youíve reach you sell - by date . tell I if this be friedman , where he be in Los Angeles and what name het use ? martin youíre make a mistake , tough guy . whoever he be , you guy not one of friedmant ... lombard you seem very sure about that . martin I tell you ... the rabble , itt I ... ( a beat ; he look away ... distant ) huh ... it ís sad . lombard what be ? martin dying without ever reach the top ... and he go off into rasp laughter ... lombard stare , a craze , cruel grin on he face ... he drop the painting , get hold of Martin , drag he to the wall , sit he up and rip he bloody shirt open as Martin dazedly protest . lombard eye he bleed chest , look back into he eye ... in on lombard fist , throwing a punch at the wound ... in on lombard ; blood splatter he face ... in on Martin ; eye wide , mouth open in a harrowing yell ... in on lombard ; a grin as he stare at Martin ... lombard feel the invigorate tonic of pain , Martin ? it ís amazing how long a die man can be keep alive . sometimes itt just a matter of keep he adrenalin flow . I ím go to keep yours swirl until you wish youíd never turn bad . he throw another punch at the wound - more blood splatter lombard , Martin become mute with pain - then stand , turn , open kitchen drawer ; another , and another , until he find ... a boning knife ... he turn back ... in on Martin : dread ... he try to speak , can only gasp and stutter . lombard try to say something , Martin ? martin Hyatt ... friedmant ... at the Hyatt ... lombard the Hyatt ...? what ís that ? martin ho-hotel ... Los Angeles ... he ... the SOUND of fast approaching police siren ... lombard turn , frown ... turn back to Martin , hesitates ... pick up he gun and hurry to ... int . office , friedmany cottage . evening . lombard switch off the light , hurry to the window ... beyond the front drive : all be peace in the road as the police siren near and ... a police car speed past the BMW and away ... int . kitchen . evening . in on lombard : a thwart frown as he light a gitane eyeing ... Martin , eye and mouth open , still hugging he chest ... dead . lombard turn to the wall - mount phone by the fridge , pick it up , start dialling , change he mind ... ext / int . BMW / STREET , friedmany cottage . evening . ext . howling wind and rain , a starter motor turning over .. lombard , in the BMW , try and try to start the engine ... int . lombard give up , scowl at ... in on the glowing fuel warning light on the dash ... he inspect he blood spatter coat , peer through the pour rain to friedmant cottage ... turn to ... in the wet distance , the halo of a phone box ... he swallow without parting he lip and ... ext . through the deluge , lombard stride away from friedmant cottage ... lombard ( v.o. ) itt I . be at my office in one hour . ext . essex road . evening rain . deboraht aston Martin pull up in front of the butcher shop ... int . bathroom , lombard flat . evening . the hiss of a shower . through steam : lombard wet coat and clothes in a heap on the floor ... the doorbell ring . int . lombard office . evening . nake , drying he hair with a towel , lombard buzze the street door open , open he door and make for he desk , wrapping the towel around he waist ... het lighting a gitane when ... deborah - radiant , low cut evening dress , fur coat - stop in the door ... she look he over , coldly ... examine the room ... lombard thank you for come . come in and close the door , will you ? deborah ( without move from the doorway ) last night you upset my sleep . tonight my social life . we have two minute . my dinner guest be wait . lombard look she over , sullen ... he open he briefcase , swivel it towards she and sit down , say : lombard it may not look as good as yours but I guess you wonít mind . the envelope contain what I know . plus the location of you brotherís boy . deborah frown ... glance at ... in the briefcase : the bundle of used note from lombard safety deposit box and the envelope heíd leave with Jane earlier ( tear open ) ... in on deborah ; disquiet in she eye ... she quickly compose herself again ... deborah you lose my money ? lombard you could say that . and friedman leave this morning for Los Angeles . deborah who be friedman ? lombard the man who sell the boy to you brother . deborah I ím impressed . that information could have cost I £ 20,000 . lombard well , I find a little more than that . let I put it this way :... ( deliberately use she earlier syntax ) last night I think you brother might be dead , tonight I ím convinced he be . that say , I have no evidence and I advise you to let the police deal with it . deborah peer at he ... run she eye over he bare chest ... focus on ... he shoulder , badly bruise ( from martint attack ) ... deborah I ím beginning to think you want my brother dead , Mr lombard . what happen ? do someone frighten you ? ( a beat , look up into he eye again ) or be the job too formidable for you ? in on lombard ; irritation ... deborah sneer ... glance at she watch ... deborah no police , Mr lombard . you talk of strange and unpleasant thing . you find a loathsome tape . perhaps even a poor little boy . but as yet , youíve not find my brother . when you have , weíll ascertain whether or not to contact the police and break my parentsí heart with the news that they son be involved with ... pornographer . ( a beat ) you Mr friedman could shed some light on the matter , you say . well , find he . didnít I hear you say he be in Los Angeles ? silence . they outstare each other for a moment ... lombard run he eye over she ring , earring , bracelet ... ( shen wear she wealth tonight ) deborah be we understand ? lombard you watch the tape ? ( off she look ; ďmaybe I do .í) friedman and he people do not just provide little kid and videotape , Mrs De moraes . theyíre in the import - export business . they run hotel here in London which they probably use as ware - house and port of call for they merchandise . deborah ( after a beat , uneasy , then dismissive ) huh ! really ? hotel ? lombard the hotel be useful capital investment . the kid liquid asset . my guess be they own hotel across the globe , and travel agency specialise in flight from the third world to boot . deborah get the picture , but shen sceptical , and baffle ... lombard minimize the risk . Children can be move across border use reliable business . this can also be use to move woman and drug ... anything that make money really . deborah ( after a beat , still sceptical ) w- why be you tell I all this , Mr lombard ? lombard look at she for a moment ... sigh ... lombard this have become dangerous . iíll have to double my fee . deborah peer at he ... glance at the money in the briefcase , then up at lombard again , focus again on he bruise shoulder ... deborah you drive a hard bargain , Mr lombard . lombard you do want I to keep the job , do not you , Mrs De moraes ? she send he a rueful smile ... think ... turn and walk away ... deborah let I know where youíre stay when you get to L.A. just in case Leon do turn up . Stony -face , lombard eye the door she have leave open behind she , listen to she footstep as she start down the stair ... he call : lombard by the way , do I mention that Mr friedman life just around the corner from you ? deboraht step stop ... quickly start again ... lombard grin , a cruel grin ... reach for the envelope from the briefcase , snap the briefcase shut , pull open he desk drawer , shove the envelope inside and shut it : slam ! int . bedroom , lombard flat . morning . in on Jane ; a sulky pout ... dress for work , she stand in the bedroom doorway finger she handbag , watch lombard pack a small case ( a spare suit , a few essential ) ... lombard make for the bathroom ... jane why will not you tell I where youíre go ? no reply . she gaze around the room : forbidden territory ... lombard come back in , zipping up a sponge bag with a weary smile ... lombard ( os ) when I ím back . if you look after my fish well . she guffaw , nervously , then - shen obviously be die to ask this : jane who be that woman ? shet french , be not she ? lombard frown , shut the case , take a key from he bedside table . lombard she use to be my girlfriend , Jane . ( he throw she the key ) here . youíll be late for work . and you can pick up my account from the desk . theyíre sign . she catch the key , slightly stunne ... then smile ... jane shet pretty ... see you , huh ? lombard bye bye , Jane . and do not be naughty . she nod - ďyeah , yeah ...í - wave a hand , turn away ... jane actually , I ím think of become a lesbian ... int . lombard kitchen . morning . rain outside the window ... lombard sit at the table , the phone hold in the crook of he neck ... on the table : a microwave oven , its back panel remove , a screwdriver , he gun , silencer and the money from he briefcase ... as he speak on the phone he reach into a large brown padded envelope , pull out ... two red european community passport . lombard hello . this be Mr lombard - I ... womant voice ( o.s. ) ooh , yes . rhian say you might call . shet fine . I see she this morning ... lombard good . tell she I call , all right . holding the passport , lombard dial again , replace the phone in the crook of he neck and , as the phone ring , inspect ... the passport : one italian , one british ... he put the british one down , replace the other in the envelope , add he gun , silencer and money ... int . sitting room , nathalien flat . morning . a ringing phone . in on a vase : a bunch of flower still in they wrapper ... a tastefully furnish room ... a answerphone respond ... nathalien answering machine click ... I be not here . leave a message after the beep or try again later . thank you ... int . bedroom , nathalien flat . morning . in profile : nathalie , on she bed wrap in a duvet , she bedside table crowded with cold remedy , the floor around she strewn with tissue . she gaze at a silent flicker tv screen , a cigarette between she finger ... lombard ( os ) cíest moi . rupond si thes lŗ , nathalie ... in on nathalie ; she turn towards we , frown , she nose red , eye moist ... lombard ( os ) you friend ... ( he correct himself ) ... you man call with what I need but thing get a bit messy . I think youíd be wise to go away for a while . they do not know who I be but they know you lead I to they ... ( long silence ) ... iíll be away a few day . look after yourself , okay . click . silence ... nathalie stare in front of she , sneer ... sneeze . ext . essex road . morning . stand in heavy rain hold he case , lombard look grim as he flag down a black taxi and stand back as it pull in . in on the taxi wheel send up a splash from the stream gutter ... ext . the hyatt , sunset boulevard , los angele . day . lynyrd skynyrd on a car radio . brilliant blue sky ... a huge marlboro cowboy erect on a rooftop display he virility to ... ďthe hyattí , a chic multi-storey hotel . a young guy ( shirt , sneaker ) come out the entrance and , chew gum , grin , pass two doormen and a chauffeur fussing around a stretch limo in the forecourt ... a gitane hit the pavement with a spray of SPARKS . the music carry over ... int . stationary taxi cab . day . young guy ( settling at the wheel ) they have a guest by the name of gluck but no friedman , sir . in the back , unshaven , lombard squint tiredly in the bright light . lombard do you get Mr gluckis room number ? young guy Three three seven , sir . ( a beat ) you in the entertainment business ? lombard no . and turn that radio down , will you ? and lombard turn to the Hyatt , think ... the cab driver pull a face , turn away , shut the radio and , glance in he mirror while start the engine , ask : young guy right . where to now , sir ! lombard think ... turn , peer across the boulevard towards ... a multicoloure tower block : ďthe mondrian hotelí . int . room 504 , mondrian . day . a ringing tone . in on '' mondrian , Hotel De Grande classeē on the matchbook in lombard hand ... a gitane in he mouth , shower , a towel around he waist , the phone under he chin , he gaze out he 5th floor window ... sunset boulevard snake up and away into the Hollywood hill ... across the boulevard , the Hyatt doormen chat in the shade of the forecourt ... hyatt operator ( os ) I ím sorry but Mr gluck be not answer , sir . would you like to leave a message ? lombard iíll call again . lombard hang up , stay at the window , eyeing with a puzzle frown ... the empty pavement ... he raise he brow , redial ... hyatt operator ( os ) the Hyatt . good afternoon . May I help you ? lombard ( in a slight german accent ) can I have the reception desk , please . a click . the ringing tone , then : ďreception ... í lombard this be Mr gluck , room 337 . I be expect delivery of a parcel at the hotel in the next hour or so . could you see to it that it be take to my room immediately . hyatt receptionist ( os ) Fine , Mr gluck . room 337 . no problem . int . the mondrian boutique . day . the lady assistant gift - wrap a BOX of chocolate while ... lombard try on sunglass , look at himself in the display mirror ... he select a plain pair , take they to the desk . lombard iíll have they too . lady shop assistant ( push the box to he , sweet smile ) how will you be pay , sir . lombard ( pull out he wallet ) Cash . you would not happen to have a sticky label and a pen . I need to send the chocolate somewhere . she send he a know smile - a gift for a lady ? - but then : shop assistant we have pack of ten label for two dollar and pen ... ( she break off , perhaps encourage by lombard entice smile ... ) well , I guess I could lend you a pen . lombard ( a beat , grin ) that ís very kind . I guess I better buy a pack of label then . int . mondrian reception desk . day . lombard hand the labell parcel - we glimpse : '' Mr o. gluck ... '' - to the receptionist . lombard would you please see this be deliver to the Hyatt in ten minute ... ext . mondrian , sunset boulevard . day . lombard stand just outside the entrance . he peer up at the sky , put on he sunglass as ... a gorgeous blond ( starlet type , low - cut top , shade ) in a convertible porsche pull up in front of he ... in a flash a porter hold she door open , beam ... '' hello , miss jonesē ... the blond flash she tooth , climb out the car , proceed to the entrance , past lombard ... in on lombard ... in on the porter ; both follow ... clip clop ... every curve move beneath she mini skirt and along she long legs on stilettoe ... she slither through the door and out of sight ... the porter wiggle he brow at lombard , hop into the porsche , revs away ... lombard start across sunset boulevard ... int . the hyatt , lobby . day . eyeing the HOTEL guest around he , lombard make for the lift ... int . 3rd floor corridor , hyatt . day . in on a door : room 337 ... the corridor be quiet , then ... the lift door slide open , a porter get out hold lombard parcel and hurry along to ... door 337 . he knock ... no answer ... he let himself in with a key ... lombard step out from behind a corner , make for the door , go on in and ... int . room 337 , hyatt . day . ... almost bump into the porter hurry back out . porter oh . hi there . Mr gluck ...? lombard uh-huh . porter ( signal towards the parcel on the table ) that packet just come for you , sir . I be tell to bring it to you room . lombard thatís right . thank you ... lombard dip into he pocket , pull out a $ 5 bill ... porter thank you , sir . have a nice day ... and he back out , bow , grin , close the door ... and lombard turn into the room ... no bag or personal belonging to be see ... he peer through the bathroom door ; same ... open the wardrobe ; empty but for ... a heathrow duty free bag and a SMALL leather travelling bag with a virgin airways tag ... he look inside ... in the duty free bag : a bottle of armagnac ... in the travel bag : leather slipper , like that in friedmant London bedroom ... in on lombard ; he doesnít like it ... he make for the window ... across sunset , the ďmondrianí ... in the sidestreet alongside the hotel , the blond drive she porsche out of the underground parking ... lombard scan sunset a moment longer , turn back into the room , see a bright HOTEL brochure on a table ... pick it up , prop it up against the window , draw the curtain over it and ... int . 3rd floor corridor , hyatt . day . ... place a ďdo not disturbí sign on the handle of door 337 . int . room 504 , mondrian . day . the ringing tone . lombard sit back in a armchair , smoking , he bare foot up on the double bed beside he case , wait for he call to be answer while gaze gloomily out the window at ... the Hyatt ; the brochure in the window of room 337 be clearly visible against the dark curtain . he be about the hang up when ... ďhallo ? í lombard how be you , Mrs De moraes ? deborah ( os ) ( after a beat , hesitant ) Mr lombard ? lombard have you get a pen ? deborah ( os ) just a moment ... go ahead . lombard the mondrian , room 504 . the number be 266 7548 , plus the L.A. code ... deborah ( o.s. ) ...7548 . have you ... have you find he yet ? lombard frown - this hesitant woman doesnít sound like deborah . lombard be you all right ? deborah ( os ) yes ... you wake I up ... it ís the middle of the night here . have you find Mr friedman ? lombard not yet . the place I hope to find he turn out to be little more than a contact address . iíll give it 24 hour . he just might show up . ( after a beat , off she silence ) if you need to reach I ask for Mr Lamont . Paul Lamont , all right ? deborah ( os ) Paul Lamont ...? lombard yeah . goodnight , Mrs De moraes . lombard hang up , sigh , stamp he cigarette ... int . room 504 . sequence.evening / night/dawn . evening . through the open window ; a flame red sunset ... down in the Hyatt forecourt , a steady stream of limousine pull in ... on the table , in red light , the remain of a meal , a half - empty bottle of wine ... on the floor , a pack of gitane , a full ashtray , lombard watch ... then ... lombard , SOUND asleep in he armchair by the window ... night . silence . a tv flicker in the dark ... lombard stand at he open window ... across sunset , friedmant window be dark ... swishhh ... lombard strike a match , light a cigarette , flick the match out the window ... dawn . lombard be lie on the bed , eye close ... a shuffling SOUND ... he open he eye , alert , turn to the door ... on the carpet inside the door ; ďthe los angele timesí ... now lombard be back at the window ... L.A. be waking up : shape move in many of the hyattís window ... a roadsweeper with a air blower blast dust away from the hotel entrance ... ext . mondrian restaurant terrace . morning . bright SUN , a terrace overlook L.A. lombard sit by a sky blue pool , smoking , leaf through ďthe LA timesí ... a bustling effeminate hispanic waiter turn to he . effeminate waiter good morning , sir . how can I help you ? lombard a coffee and a couple of croissant . effeminate waiter crow what ? lombard croissant . effeminate waiter I ím sorry , sir . could you try that again ? lombard ( after a beat , irritate ) croissant . like that ... and he point to the croissant at a young couplet table . effeminate waiter oh! crescent . lombard look the waiter up and down , raise he brow : lombard the word for that thing be croissant . effeminate waiter not in America , sir . you must be from Europe . ( off lombard frown ; smile ) so , black coffee and a couple of crescent . incredulous , lombard watch the waiter strut away , then turn back to he newspaper . his eye fall on ... a headline : '' child Agency Chief in attack on Defense ďexpertí . '' lombard gaze shift to ... a b&amp ; W photograph : a woman pushing past reporter , hair wild , eye blaze in fury ... the caption read : '' ms Emily Stewart , leave Court .Ē... back to the article ... we read : '' ms Emily Stewart , Chief executive of the Orlando Bright child Foundation , give evidence today in the case that have ... '' reading , lombard pull he gitane stub from he lip and flick it absent - mindedly away behind he ... hisss ... it land in the pool ... int . room 405 , mondrian . day / dusk . lombard be back at he window , scan the Hyatt again , on the phone again ... lombard do Mr gluck call for he message ? hyatt operator ( os ) absolutely , sir . as a matter of fact he call this morning , sir . lombard next time he call tell Mr gluck he better be there to take he call at 9 tonight or at 9 in the morning if he care about he puppy . get that ? hyatt operator ( os ) get it . puppy . lombard hang up ... look at he watch - 14:30 ... sigh ... dusk . silence . lombard be sound asleep on the bed , he head on the crumpled LA Times ... in on the door - a knock ... in on the phone - ring ring ... lombard open he eye , sit up , groggy ... the phone go on ringing . another knock at the door ... he check he watch - 20:15 - frown , clear he throat , stand , pick up the receiver ; ďhallo ? í deborah ( os ) Mr lombard . Mrs De moraes ... lombard uh ... wait a moment , Mrs De moraes ... and he put the receiver down and make for the door ... lombard what be it ? manis voice ( o.s. ) this be the hotel supervisor , Mr Lamont . iím terribly sorry to disturb you but theret be a mix - up with we booking which you might be able to help we resolve . lombard what be you talk about ? manis voice ( o.s ) we need a double- room and as I understand youíre here alone weíd be much oblige if youíd agree to move to a single room ... annoy , lombard peer at ... he double bed ... open the door ... lombard I ask for a room face ... two men in porter uniform , a small hispanic , a big blond ... the Hispanic grin , step forward ... lombard frown ... the Hispanic jab a stun gun into he stomach ... a crackle ... lombard cry out , be shove back ... hardly see the truncheon in the big blondis hand ... it crack against he skull - black out ... total silent black out . int . car trunk . night . rising , the roar of a car in low gear . bad suspension thump over rough ground . in the darkness , become visible , lombard head pound against car metal ... blood glisten ... he eye glint ... moan , he wrap he arm around he head , endure until ... the car come to a abrupt halt . lombard crash into the metal with a cry ... the engine die ... a couple of door OPEN and slam shut ... the SOUND of muffled conversation ... the trunk swing open ... a blinding torch beam hit lombard ... he shield he eye behind bloody hand , he face and hair also wet with blood ... we hear friedmany voice ( the german - accented Ďpuppiesí voice ) . friedman ( os ) what be this blood ? I tell you not to injure he . hispanic man ( os ) we do not do that . he must have get throw around on the last stretch of road . friedman ( os ) huh ! do you have he belonging ? big man ( os ) yeah . friedman ( os ) get he out . two pair of hand grab hold of lombard , lift he out and ... ext . night . ... he hit the sandy ground in front of a pair of polished shoe . lombard try to look up from the shoe , be blind by a torch beam , lift he hand to shield he eye ... above , through the dazzle of the torch , against the dark sky , the shape of a head and shoulder ... he groan : lombard friedman ... the torch be thrust closer to he face ... now , at the edge of its beam , lombard see ... a manis mouth , tight -lipped . the lip move ... a throat clear sound ... the lip open ... splattt ... a thick spurt of spittle land on lombard hand ... friedman ( os ) imbecile ! a kick in the head send lombard onto he front , face in the sand . friedman ( os ) go ahead ! and someone sit on lombard back , pin down he arm ... lombard cry out ... in on lombard as , tooth gritt , wind by the weight on he back , he crane he head up and around to see ... in the torchlight - a needle stuck into he arm through he shirt , the brownish liquid in the syringe slowly be emptied into he . his eye fill with horror ... he wail : ďnon ...í the syringe be empty , the needle yank out of he arm ... a deafening hum as white light flood the screen ... lombard cry out again : ďnonnnn ...í he voice a distant cry ... drug -induced sequence . int . parked renault , paris . dawn . a dawn nightmare ... all sound echoing ... a sudden hush ... then , coming clear ... footstep patter ... the SOUND of breathing ... SNAP ! Red fingernails snap a elastic band around a pony - tail of blond hair ... a goodlook woman , martine , check she lipstick in the rearview mirror .. a groan ... on the back seat : two child , a boy and a girl , sleep under a white blanket ... clatter ... martinet hand clear the cluttere dashboard of map , sunglass , cigarettes ... click ... she open the glove compartment ... in on martine ... a pissed off frown .... ext . renault . martinet arm be out the passenger window , a handgun hang limp from between she thumb and forefinger ... martine ( os ) Laurent ... in on a mant hand , with wedding band , clasp a rope ... in on the man , lombard - a different man , young , softer , with longish hair . a gitane burn in he mouth as ... with he hand on the rope that fasten the canoe and fishing rod to the cart roofrack , he peer stoically at the gun ... ext . avenue . footstep echoing . lombard carry the gun into a apartment building 20 yard along from the renault ... int . renault . clack ... as martine push a tape into the cassette player : sinatra sing : # ... lett take it nice and easy ... # int . foyer . swishh ... the lift door slide open ... lombard get in ... reach for button 5 , as ... the erratic purr of a cruising car outside ... in on lombard ; a frown ... a think ... a look of dread ... ext . avenue . lombard burst out into the street and stop dead ... Sinatra sing : # ... the problem now of course be , to simply hold you horse ... # a peugeot , come towards lombard , near the renault with its passenger door slightly OPEN ... silence as lombard stare at .... a mant hand clutching a object under the door ... the finger let go ... toc , toc , toc ... a grenade gently bounce on the tarmac and roll under the renault ... sinatra sing on . lombard look up ... martine be reach into the back of the renault , unaware ... the peugeot tyre scream ... lombard turn ... in on the two men looming behind the windscreen of the fast approach peugeot ... grinning as they lock eye with lombard who ... throw himself between park car to avoid be hit ... the peugeot roar past and away ... lombard jump back to he foot ... in on martine through the windscreen ; bewilder , she gape at ... lombard martine ! get out ! get the Hell out ! martine understand , move as if to open she door and ... boom ... she be engulfed in a ball of FIRE . silence again . ext . desert . day . in on lombard ; head against sun - baked sand , shaggy - haire , lip crack and sand - cake , he gaze up at ... a hazy vision : a young boy peer down in fascination ... a young girl appear beside he ; a scowl of fear and disgust ... lombard lip move as he try to speak ... he cannot ... in on he wedding - band hand ; he lift it from the sand . it flop back ... now , wide from above - lombard , dress in baggy jeans , a ďbudweiserí t-shirt and worn -out sneaker , lie prostrate , lose in the wilderness . the two child stand over he ... ext . street , paris . dawn . SOUND of sobbing through running footstep . lombard , crying , run along a empty street ... now along a boulevard ... running ... running ... ext . ďla sant … í prison . dawn . panting and running footstep . the prison , peaceful in the dawn ... lombard run into shot ... int . prison reception . dawn . silence . with a shaky hand but he face dead calm , lombard sign a form , push it to a warder ... int . prison corridor . footstep echoing , gate clanging shut . lombard follow another warder ... int . prison visiting room . silence . lombard peer at ... across a sea of empty table , a inmate , in pyjamas , a sneer on he sleepy face ... lombard wait for the warder to leave , pull out he gun and make for the inmate , the gun hold out in front in both hand .... ext . desert . day . in on lombard ; hatred , as he murmur : lombard I shouldíve kill you when I first laid hand on you , scumbag ! you little brother just miss I ! you little brother just miss I ... in on a child hand prise the wedding band from lombard finger . int . prison visiting room . the inmate sit petrify , eyeing ... lombard gun near he ... a commotion from the doorway ... lombard stop , look back over he shoulder ... in the doorway , inspecteur moreau , in a sweat , look straight back at he , eye pain : ďdo not do it ...í in on lombard stare at Moreau ; dead eye ... lombard je sais , Moreau . but I canít die . I canít ... in on he finger , pull the trigger . bang !... the screen flood red ... flaming red ... a flaming SUN ... beat down ... end of sequence int . bedroom , ranch . day / evening . a spear of sunlight fall across cold blue adolescent eye watching ... lombard head against a white pillow , clean up and shaven but cover in sweat , mutter wildly to himself with he eye close ... now he open he eye , stare , sit up ( barechest ) and see ... the adolescent ( jeans , T -shirt ) , a rifle across he lap , eye he from a chair ... he stand , hurry out , leave the door open . we hear he foot on the stair ... lombard scan the room ... het in a old timber bed with a home - make quilt ... bare floorboard , pattern fabric , paper wall , a jug and bowl , a oil lamp beside the bed - all old and clean , as if heíd arrive in the past ... he examine he arm ... a bruise where he be stab with the needle ... he turn to ... the window ; a few child play by a shabby pick - up truck park near a stone well ... a donkey and some bony cattle graze lazily in pasture ... Beyond , a colourless desert landscape ... we hear a manis voice : manis voice ( os ) youíre no citizen of this United States , be you ? lombard turn ... a old cowboy in a leather waistcoat eyeball he from the doorway , a rifle hang at the end of he arm ... old cowboy and you ainít neither one of that damned mexican who end up littering the landscape after get rip - off by they friendly cross - border guide , be you , mister ? lombard ( he clear he throat , then : ) no ... old cowboy ( walk into the room ) I do not think so . the rag on they sorry back be the only wordly possession that wretch creature be ever find with ... ( he stop by the bed , search he waistcoat pocket ) I do not wanna know who you be or how come you end up roasting in owl Canyon . but you might as well know iíd have let you fry to a buzzard meal if not for this ... and he toss ... lombard wedding band land on the quilt ... old cowboy now , can you stand up ? ( off lombard puzzle look : ďwhat ? í) can you use you leg and stand up ? lombard I ... how long have I be here ? old cowboy Three day and thatís three day too many . come on . get you ass up . lombard frown , then proceed to get out of bed , slowly , grimace ... until he stand on shaky leg , in a pair of short ... old cowboy huh ... I guess you ainít quite ready for civilisation yet ... iíll give you one more day , a meal , and then youíre on you way . lombard Los Angeles ? old cowboy ( a beat , he raise he brow ) Los Angeles be 100 mile away . lombard ( he frown , sit back on the bed ) iíd appreciate it if I could use you phone . old cowboy I ím sure you would . but if I have one , I would not let you near it . now you tuck back in and rest until youíre tell otherwise . ( he turn , make for the door ) and for what itt worth , I would not try anything that might be construe as unappreciative of my hospitality . iíd sooner shoot you than have you upset I ... and the Old cowboy leave , close the door behind he ... lombard , sombre , pick up he wedding band , put it back on he finger , eyeing ... on a wicker chair , a neat pile ; the jeans , t- shirt and sneaker he be find in ... CUT to : evening . by the light of the oil lamp ( a half - eat steak on a plate beside it ) lombard sit up in bed , try to roll a cigarette ... from below we hear ... old cowboy , woman &amp ; child ( os ) ... for what we be about to receive , may the Lord make we truly thankful ... ext . desert . day . the shabby pick - up truck travel in a cloud of dust along a dirt track ... ext . roadside . day . a straight tarmac road cut through the desert . the pick - up truck idle where the dirt track meet the road , the Old cowboy at the wheel . lombard ( back in Bud T-shirt , jeans , sneaker ) stand in the open passenger door ... old cowboy barstowt 30 mile to the leave . Los Angeles a hundred to the right . wherever youíre head , I reckon somebodyíll pick you up . lombard ( squinting in the direction of LA ) huh ... I suppose the idea of a one day trip to Los Angeles doesnít appeal to you ... old cowboy be that where lawyer toil for a industry that turn serial killer into heroes who give thrill to young woman who write erotic novel about psychopath and rapist ? ( off lombard look : 'is it ?í) you go to you world , iíll stay in mine . so long , mister . lombard peer at the old cowboy ... grin and slam the door ... the old cowboy revs away , do a U -turn and drive back along the track in a cloud of dust ... lombard sigh ... peer right where the road join the horizon ... lombard Los Angeles , '' droite ... ext . hyatt / mondrian , sunset boulevard . day . lombard stand at the kerb peer up at ... the Hyatt , across the boulevard ... the brochure be still there in friedmant window ... int . reception / lobby , mondrian . afternoon . lombard wait at the desk , ignore the look from guest and staff around he , he eye on ... a young receptionist , on the phone ... he mutter a ďthank youí , hang up , turn to lombard with a tight smile . young receptionist I ím sorry , Mr Lamont . accord to we record no personal property be find in room 504 after settlement of the account . lombard nod , put out but not surprised ... ask : lombard could you tell I who settle my bill ? the receptionist pull a face , tap into the deskt terminal ... young receptionist no . it be a cash payment . I ím sorry . lombard ( a beat ; he nod again ) let I see you phone directory , will you ? ( off the receptionistís look , snap ) you phone directory ! CUT to : lombard hand rip a page from a telephone directory . ext . ocean avenue , santa monica . afternoon . Santa monica pier stretch out into the Pacific ... stroller stroll ... a cluster of scheme young male ... vagrant watch rollerblade teenager display they skill around cone along the promenade ... we find ... lombard , on the kerb , peer at ... a SMALL multi - storey build ... in on a plaque by the door ; ď... 4th floor : orlando bright child foundation ... '' int . corridor . afternoon . another plaque , on a metal door : '' orlando bright child ... '' a security guard doze at a desk beside it ( a desk clearly not mean to be there : it restrict access to further down the corridor ) ... the SOUND of lift door open ... the Guard look up ... lombard step out ... peer at the guard ( already suspicious ) ... see the plaque ... make for the desk ... lombard Mrs Stewart ? security guard you get a appointment ? lombard glance at the door ... no handle ... it can only be open with a key or electrically perhaps ... he grin at the guard ... lombard could you tell Mrs Stewart that Mr Paul Lamont want to see she . it ís important . the guard eyeball lombard ... push a intercom button ... security guard therets a Mr Lamont out here for ms Stewart . say it ís important but no appointment ... silence as lombard and the guard eyeball each other , wait ... the door open , revealing ... a bespectacled young man ( genial type ) ; he smile at the guard , turn to lombard ; a sceptical frown form on he face ... bespectacled young man er , good afternoon , Mr Lamont ... ms Stewart be in a meeting right now . perhaps if you could let I know what you wish to discuss I could arrange a appointment for you to see she . lombard peer over the young mant shoulder through the door ... a brightly coloured reception - cheerful poster and child drawing on the wall ... jar of sweet ... lombard eye the young man ... the guard ... turn to the lift ... lombard tell ms Stewart iíll be outside . and she better come if the purpose of this set - up of yours be to help kid rather than to provide you with a easy live . ext . promenade , santa monica . afternoon / evening . lombard sit on a bench , gaze pensively across the beach ... Beyond the rollerblade teenager , a young couple in swimsuit argue near the ocean ... emily ( os ) Mr Lamont ? lombard look up , squinting in the sun ... emily ( 30 , attractive , well - dress , a huge batter handbag over she shoulder ) stand above he , the Security Guard beside she ... in on Emily ; she frown , not like what she see ... then , hard , professional : emily Emily Stewart . the Ďeasy livingí lady . if this concern a child or child well - be , I suggest you contact the police . the foundation be not a law enforcement agency . lombard smile he charming smile ... get to he foot , hold out a hand . lombard I ím afraid itt not that simple . good afternoon , miss Stewart . she hesitates , grab he hand , shake it with a nod , pull she hand away . lombard ( to the security guard ) iíd rather speak to miss Stewart alone . you can watch from the next bench if you like . the guard turn to ... Emily eyeball lombard ... decide to ... she signal to the guard itt okay ... the guard scowl at lombard and walk away ... lombard and Emily watch he cross the street back towards the building , then turn back to face each other ... he smile ... she send he a icy grin ... emily May I ask where youíre from , Mr Lamont ? lombard Europe ... ( off she look ) France . iím french but I live in London ... ( deliberately elaborate ) ... England . emily ( surprise , then scepticism in she eye ) youíre a long way from home ... lombard nod , grin ... indicate the bench and sit down himself , ask : lombard you would not have a cigarette , would you ? emily I do not smoke . if you could get to the point ... lombard grin again ... peer at she , think ... he glance at ... her hand , clutching she handbag to she skirt ... lombard youíre sure you wonít sit down , miss Stewart ? emily I ím fine stand , thank you . lombard nod ... go for for it ... lombard be I right in think someone in you line of work be aware of the existence of child trafficker , miss Stewart ? Emily stare down at he , intrigue ... she nod ... lombard good ... ( a beat ) I ím a private investigator . iím here on the trail of a austrian child procurer . I can not say if he operation extend to you country but I doubt het here to enjoy the sunshine . ( pause to let she take in he word ) I believe he kill a man I be hire to find back in London . a few day ago he also try to kill I . he do not succeed but itt leave I strand without money , passport or a decent wardrobe in this distant land ... I need help to finish what I come here to do , miss Stewart - to find he and , perhaps , see to it that he doesnít hurt anyone again ... you help , miss Stewart . in on Emily ; she expression shifting with conflict thought ... her eye move down to he T-shirt ... she glare ... emily be this some kind of sick stunt ? let I guess . you want money , right ? lombard a small loan would be welcome . more urgently , I need access to a telephone and a address where thing can be send to I . in on Emily , something close to hate in she eye ... she turn to the ocean , as if to shake she thought , mutter angrily : emily I canít believe this ... ( back to lombard ) what ís come now , eh ? if I do not pay all hell gonna break loose , be that it ? lombard ( with a mystify frown ) well , iíd sooner mug a old lady ... emily you ... ( she scream : ) Jesus Christ ! the rollerblade kid nearby stop and turn to they as Emily lean forward , point a finger in lombard face : emily listen and listen well , mister ! I do not care if youíre just sick or if some other sick mind put you up to this . either way , do not you ever come to my office or cross my path again , you hear ? ever ! and , as she turn to go , lombard swiftly grab hold of she wrist , pull she back , glare into she eye ... lombard maybe you do not hear I right , so iíll say it again ; I need help , Emily . maybe my creept kid do not come from you street . and maybe you do not care much about boy and girl in faraway place be sodomise and kill . hey , this be America , right ! but just now the man be here . amongst you child . and wherever he go , he poison follow . have a nice walk back to you office , Emily . and lombard lett go of she ... the rollerblade kid stand gawk around they ... in on Emily ; a flustered stare ... in on lombard ; a flicker of hope ... Emily grimace , something almost grotesque , turn and storm away ... lombard watch she go ... turn back towards the promenade ... lombard merde ! ( to the gawk teenager ) keep on play , you little shit ! and he glare beyond they to ... the couple on the beach , still argue ... we see he briefly from behind , perhaps from emily Pov , he bent back as he slump forward , bring he hand up to he face ... lombard ( wearily rub he eye ) merde , merde et remerde ... a rustling noise ; lombard look sideways through he finger ... Emily sit on he bench , rummage in she bag ... he lower he hand , prepare to speak but ... from the resolve in she face he decide to let she lead ... emily okay . the woman just canít walk away ... ( a beat ) I want straight answer . no hesitation or I walk for sure . why canít you go to you embassy ? lombard french people need a visa to enter this country . that take time and I do not have any . I use a british passport . my namet not Lamont but lombard . xavier lombard . Emily stop search she overflow handbag , turn to he , guffaw : ďhuh !í... then resume she search ... emily where be you stay before the attempt on you life and why canít you go back there ? lombard the mondrian , room 504 . I be check out in my absence . emily by you austrian ? lombard yeah . at last she pull a pen and notepad from she bag ... turn to lombard , scrutinize he , and ... emily you do not know why het come to Los Angeles ? ( off lombard look ; ďnoí ) the man you say he kill ? who be he ? a colleague of he ? lombard no . a poor little rich boy who think heíd save a few kid from they retailer . he disappear on he second shopping expedition . Emily tighten she lip ; she find he choice of word distasteful ... she hold out the pen and notepad ... emily I need a few number where I can check you out . and do not tell I you canít . lombard nod , grin , take the notepad ... open it on he lap and start write ... Emily watch he write for a moment , then ... emily have you never hear of collect call , Mr ... lombard lombard ... ( he understand , grin ... ) it will take a few day for the thing I need to get here . meanwhile iíd sooner not draw police attention walk the street like a hungry dog ... emily there be over 4 million people in this city - why I ? lombard I think youíd never ask ... as I be have my coffee and crescent at the mondrian the other morning I spot you photograph in the Los Angeles Times ... there ís a tough lady , I think . just the kind who might help I ... Emily frown . lombard hand back the notepad ... as she look over he list : lombard janet infatuated with I , so try not to shatter she dream . Mr oakt my landlord , so iíd rather you do not call he . nathalie be ... nathalie be nathalie . and Moreau be a cop . het in Paris , the other in London . sorry , thatís all I can do . I do not have that many friend ... Emily raise she brow - ďreally ! í- shove the notepad into she bag ... emily you know where to look for you austrian , right ? lombard I know where to look . emily ( she get to she foot ) I might come back , I might not . but if I do , it will not be for a couple of hour . lombard grin ... she turn away and start towards she building ... lombard turn back towards the ocean , frown , turn and call after she : lombard Emily ? ( she turn back ) I could do with a cigarette and something to eat ... iíll pay you back . in on Emily ; she hesitates ... sigh ... start search she handbag ... evening . moonlight play on the choppy sea ... swish : a match flame held to a cigarette between a vagrant lip ... ďthanks , maní . lombard , on he bench , a cigarette between he lip , wave bye to ... the vagrant stroll away tug a load trolley behind he ... a shout : emily ( os ) Mr lombard ! lombard look back ... then up ... a FOURTH floor window : Emily ... int . sequence . orlando bright foundation . evening . the reception area - dimly light and desert at this hour ... lombard follow Emily who talk in rapid , professional mode ... emily the foundation be set up 8 year ago by Orlando brightís parent . Orlando die as a result of repeat sexual abuse and a systematic drain of he blood in what pathologist could only describe as a ritual sadistic kill . heíd vanish while riding he bike to school ... a corridor - more cheery poster and child drawing ... Emily go on walk , lombard follow behind she ... emily when he body be find in a wood four week later , he ankle be break and bore the scar of a tight shackle . he be nine ... she pause at a door mark : ďinterview roomí , call inside : emily iíll be in my office ... over she shoulder lombard glimpsis ... a brightly paint conference room ... a boy sit on a carpet scattered with toy . whitney ( young , tired - look ) kneel beside he ... she nod ... Emily shut the door and walk on ... emily we team include doctor , therapist , social worker and volunteer . we try to help abuse kid cope with they memory , ... another corridor , similar to the last . emily ... offer what support we can to the family of disappear child . monitor court case . compile dossier of disturbing information that come in , and spend way too much time try to raise fund and convince law enforcement agency of the reality of the perverse practice that go on in this beautiful world ... she open a door , switch on the light , motion for lombard to go in ... emily fortunately some corporation think itt good pr to be associate with a child - care agency . they support allow we to go on wage we war . and a war it be ... end of sequence int . emilyís office . evening . cramme with filing cabinet . one large desk , computer terminal ... Emily shut the door , make for a coffee machine , still talk ... emily thereíve be 7 international treaty since 1904 aim at prevent child slavery . but still no worldwide body dedicated to investigate the maltreatment of child use in sexual exploitation . officially , it ís just not call for . sit down . can I offer you some coffee ? lombard I would not mind . thank you . as Emily busy about the coffee machine , lombard settles in a chair in front of the large desk , scan the wall ... poster everywhere : one list the centert sponsor : McDonalds , toshiba , Disney ... another advertise the anti-slavery Society ... a wall be paper with poster of missing child , issue by the National Center for miss and exploited Children ; each with about 30 smiling little face ... sitting at the desk with a coffee in a disposable cup , Emily follow lombard gaze towards ... a huge safe with a combination lock . emily a recent acquisition . weíve have four break - in this year alone ; file steal , computer wreck , faece smear on wall . the good guy dismiss we as alarmist do - gooder ; the bad guy will risk prison to intimidate and rob we . a easy live indeed , Mr lombard . ( she grin , push the coffee to lombard ) I get through to Moreau and Jane . I leave you landlord out of it . you flatt be break into . Jane want you to call she back . lombard hah ... what about nathalie ? emily no answer . you have no passport and you embassy out . how do you plan to leave the U.S. , Mr lombard ? lombard ( a beat as he be take aback ; then : ) I ím sure iíll find a way . emily like youíll find a way to stop you austrian kill you a second time round ? lombard grin , but theret irritation in he eye ... he reach for the coffee ... lombard thank you for the guide tour , but would you mind tell I what weíre do here ? emily how come youíre alive ? child trafficker usually achieve what they set out to do . ( off lombard frown ) what be I really look at here , huh ? ( off lombard scowl ) be you really not just a lousy private eye ? be I really look at some kind of cun dispenser of justice in disguise ? lombard ( after a beat , peer into she eye ) do you call I up here to enjoy yourself , Emily , or to let I use you phone ? because we seem to have a slight problem ... whitney ( os ) weíre the one with a problem , Mr lombard . lombard turn to ... whitney eye he from the doorway ... whitney you and you alone know of a child trafficker who you say might be here ply he trade . we do not think thatís right . we want he name , he address in LA and London , and anything you have on any of he associate ... in short , everything you know . in on lombard ; a bemuse frown ... he turn back to Emily ... emily whitney armstrong , my deputy . what whitneyt try to say be that you might not live to tell the tale next time you meet you austrian ... whitney and lose you , weíd lose he . and that would be a shame , do not you agree ? scowl , lombard watch whitney settle onto the chair beside he . whitney hi ... emily if you have hard evidence about a child trafficker , we want it , Mr lombard . and we want it before you get yourself kill ... whitney most of we information come out of the mouth of babe , Mr lombard - confuse and frighten victim . it ís all too easily discredite , you understand . now , you might be just what weíve be wait for . you information could be enough to make Ďem sit up and listen . lombard peer at whitney , tooth clench ... emily it ís give and take time , Mr lombard . you need help , we need information . you do not really expect I to put my ass on the line help a criminal just for the thrill of it , do you ? lombard ( a beat ; he swallow hard ) a criminal ? emily do you not enter this country illegally ? lombard glare ... then , between clench tooth , screwing up he eye ... lombard huh ... I have no ... ( a beat ) ... hard evidence ... emily come on , Mr lombard . you tail you man all the way here from Europe . you tell I you know where to find he , remember ? or didnít I hear you right ? in on lombard ; rage ... in on he finger tightening around the paper cup in he hand . it cave in : coffee spill over he t-shirt and lap ... he curse ... ďnom de ...í he turn to Emily , grin , do he best to sound calm ... lombard as I recall , you ask if I know where to look for he , Emily . I say I do . even in English that doesnít mean ĎI know where he be .í ( he slam the crush cup on she desk ) now , I appreciate what you lady be do here . but I have nothing for you . I would not worry , though . the man be slimy . I reckon when I find he iíll find slime . I promise iíll share it with you ... before I die ... silence . Emily and whitney exchange a heavy glance ... Emily be not convinced , turn back to lombard , unflinch ... in on lombard ; a rueful grin ... now Emily gently rock she head to and for ... glance back at ... whitney purse she lip , shake she head - ĎI do not knowí - ... and Emily turn back to lombard , open a drawer , pull out a box of tissue , toss it to he ... emily dry yourself up ... ( she turn the phone and a notepad to he ) the address be my home . which I guess be also where youíll be sleep tonight . ( she stand , signal whitney to follow ) youíll find we next door when youíre do . ( off lombard furious look : 'is that it ? í) huh . we would not want you to go out and mug a old lady , would we ? CUT to : lombard be on the phone ... lombard ... ok , Moreau . bon , ťcoute , jíai besoin díun passport ... int . spare bedroom , emilyís house . night . lombard phone call carry over : lombard ( voice over ) uh huh ... yes , Jane ... thank you ... my microwave be still there ?... good . now calm down and listen ... lombard , in tight pyjamas , look tired , hair wet from a shower , slowly button he pyjama top , he eye idly scan ... against a wall : box and box of literature , journal and pamphlet ... some be labell ... ďpaedikaí ... ďnamblaí ... emily ( os ) nambla - North american man Boy Love Association . lombard turn ... Emily be in the doorway , nod towards the box : emily Fund raise material . some people will only believe what they see ... and some will not even believe that . too decent , I guess ... lombard smile ... she look he up and down , smile sadly . emily a little too tight , eh ? ( off he shrug : ďtheyíre okay .í) ... they be my sont . only thirteen and already six foot tall . a real lanky boy ... ( she break off , smile nervously ) I ... therets some cold chicken salad in the fridge if youíre hungry . lombard thank you . but I think iíll go to bed . it ís be a long day . emily ( she nod ; a beat , then : ) right ... well , iíll get you money first thing in the morning , okay ? ( off lombard smile : ďokay í ) okay . goodnight then . lombard ( smile kindly rather than warmly ) yeah . goodnight , Emily . emily do not fall asleep with you hair wet . alone , lombard reach for a booklet from a box ... over he shoulder , the booklet in he hand : title ďwonderlandí , print by ďthe lewis caroll collectort guildí ... he leaf through it ... drawing of child ... he pause ... in on ... ďthe family that plays together stays togetherí . lombard toss it back in its box and peer at a glossy publication in another : ďsex by age EIGHT - or itís too lateí by the ren…e guyon society , Los Angeles , 5,000 member . in on lombard ... ext . emilyís house . night . a suburban street . Emily stand in she doorway under a starry sky ... emily Kitty , Kitty , Kitty ... come on , Kitty ... wraaowww . in on a cat , all claw and tooth , fight another cat ... ext . century CITY shopping mall . morning . bright sunshine ... a pontiac pull up outside the gleam mall . the passenger door swing open ... lombard ( still in T-shirt and sneaker , now with a two - day stubble ) climb out , shut the door and lean in the window : lombard if the cop get to you , do not get into trouble deny you know I . I pick you up in a restaurant and you fall for my gaelic charm . you think I be a businessman and have no idea iíd use you address as a mail box . could you live with the shame ? ( Emily nod , worried ... ) my money should get here tomorrow . the passport might take a little longer . I have to send a photograph ... Emily just look back at he , not know what to say . lombard well ... iíll be in touch . lombard turn , squint into the sun , start towards the crowd of shopper ... emily ( lean out the car window ) what be I to do with the package if ... lombard ( he stop , think , turn ... ) burn the passport and keep the money . think of it as a donation to the cause ... int . cubicle , menus room . shopping mall . morning . the floor around the toilet , strewn with ... lombard old clothes , empty shopping bag , torn price tag and label , the old sneaker in a new shoebox ... through the open door , we see ... by the sink ; a disposable razor , shaving foam , abandon ... int . century CITY shopping CENTER . morning . a photo booth . a soft ďclunkí ... a strip of photo drop into the tray ... in on lombard hand pick they up ; a new watch on he wrist ... lombard - shave , in a new black suit , white shirt - look deadpan at the four shot of he grim face ... pocket the strip ... put on a new pair of sunglass and turn into the stream of shopper ... ext . second -hand car pound , los angele . day . wide view . lombard stand over a old blue ford mustang , watch a car salesman demonstrate the wiper , etc ... ext . STREET , downtown los angele . day . wide view . a rough part of town , figure loiter in doorway ... the Blue mustang and ... lombard stand with a gang of young hispanics , chat relaxedly with a dry grin ... another youth join they ... hold out a paper bag to lombard ... he peer inside , reach into he pocket , hold out money ... ext . STREET off sunset boulevard . day . the mustang wheel screech to a stop along a kerb ... int . phone booth , sunset boulevard . day . lombard ( on the phone ) tell Mr gluck the needle man still want to talk and will get he puppy farm close down unless he answer he next call at noon tomorrow ... ext . phone booth , sunset boulevard . day . lombard step out the phone booth , put on he sunglass ... wide view as he light a cigarette ... the phone booth be on the same side as the Hyatt , which stand 50 yard away ... the mustang be park at the end of a small sidestreet opposite the hyatt , a block along from the mondrian ... lombard stand there , surveying he surroundings , as if this section of sunset be now he own , the car roll up and down just meaningless intruder ... int / ext . mustang / sunset . sequence . day / night / day . int . stationary mustang . day . lombard be at the wheel , look down at ... in he hand ; a semi - automatic handgun ... ext . mustang / hyatt . dusk . a spectacular sunset ... a lonely doorman pace in front of the Hyatt , glove hand behind he back ... int . mustang . night . the radio be on : late night babble about sex ... two takeaway cup of coffee on the dash ... a burger bag on the passenger seat ... lombard , head against he shoulder , stare out from hood eye at ... through the windscreen , a couple of staggering hookers and they pimp ... int . phone booth . night . lombard you sure you pass on my message ? hyatt operator ( os ) I certainly do , sir ... lombard hang up , freeze as ... a lone police car cruise past ... ext . hyatt . dawn . a roadsweeper blast dust off the pavement around the hotel entrance ... int . mustang . day . the SUN beat down . lombard , look rough now , search the radio - pop , rap , rock , inane talk , news , country music - settles for louis armstrong : ďainít misbehaviní ... he check he watch - 11:20 - sigh , peer out , light a gitane , reach for a cup , gulp some cold coffee with a grimace , lean back in he seat , peer out again ... stiffen ... through the windscreen : two men ( dark , italian - looking , in immaculate suit ) walk away from the hyattís door ... in on lombard ; a frown as he peer at ... sway at the end of one of the ment arm ; the leather travelling bag and heathrow duty - free bag from friedmany room ... the man climb into a wait 4x4 jeep with tinted window ... lombard throw he coffee out the window , put on he sunglass , start the engine ... the music carry over ... int / ext . tailing sequence . day . ext . a road sign : '' san bernardinoē ... the Jeep with the mustang in tow cruise past ... now the two car drive through rich field with sprinkler ... another road sign : freeway 215 - victorville : 30 ; barstow : 62 ; Las Vegas : 216 ... int . mustang . ahead , the Jeep change lane ... lombard peer at a road sign : route 395 ... edward AIR force base : 40 mile ... ext . scrub and dry - up lake ... a straight road through this lifeless landscape ... a lizard bask in the sun ... the Jeep drive past ... then , after what feel like a eternity , the mustang ... int . mustang . a frown on lombard face as he eye ... a sign where a track cut through the high chain - link fence flash past he window ... '' close to the publicē ext . the Jeep and mustang ( now separate by another car ) cruise along yet more chain - link fencing , stretch forever ... int . mustang . lombard slow ... Far ahead , the Jeep take a turn ... lombard slow right down now , peer after ... the Jeep , roll away along a dusty road into the desert ... no fence here , just a old weatherbeaten sign : '' close to the publicē ... lombard turn to the road ahead ... in the far , far distance , on the other side of the road ... a SMALL cluster of building ... end of sequence ext . gas station / red mountain motel -bar . afternoon . in on a dusty sign : ďred mountain motel -barí ... the old pump attendant fill up the mustangís tank ... lombard take off he sunglass ... mop he brow , put he dumb face on . lombard hot ... ( the attendant nod : ďsure be .í) this road all round here , close to the public ... whyt that ? military basis ? ( the attendant grunt ) huh . I guess theret space enough for war game ... must be good for business . attendant must it ? lombard all that soldier out there ... get bored , thirsty . come out here for refreshment or female company perhaps ? attendant ainít nobody out there , mister . lombard nobody ? huh !... how come ? attendant maybe for the same reason that make someone somewhere not consider this a spot to build the getty Museum ... lombard ha-ha ... yeah ... ( motion to where the jeep go ) what about that road back there , though ? it say uclose to the publicí , doesnít it ? attendant ( scrutinize lombard ) you a tourist ? lombard nod with a grin ... the attendant shake he head , pull the nozzle out of the mustang and hook it back on the pump . attendant use to lead to a detention camp for japanese Americans , but that be during world war two . whatevert down there now , I ím sure it ainít worth a detour ... thatíll be 11 dollar and 34 cent . anything else I can do for you , mister ? int . motel bar . late afternoon . a jukebox play tony bennett ... lombard , hold a cold beer bottle to he neck , be at the payphone by the door , wait for a answer , look out at the desert beyond the parking bay where he mustang sit ... no answer . he hang up , pick up a piece of paper from above the phone , fold it , put it in he breast pocket , drain he beer , turn and peer at ... two girl ( rucksack , sparkling country eye , on they way to LA in search of decadence ) scribble letter over soda ... ext . desert sequence . day / dusk / night . the sign : uclose to the publicí ... lombard , jacket sling over he shoulder , walk past and onto the track where the jeep pull off ... the SUN beat down ... lombard march on , shirt soak with sweat . now the road narrow to a rough dirt track over ridge of rock and sand ... lombard plod on , the only live thing in sight in the vast sandy landscape ... footprint , clear against tyre mark in the sand ... lombard , follow the tyre mark past a dry - up river bed ... in on lombard ; sunburnt , pour sweat , he stand peer at ... a derelict guardhouse , no door , but a new paint sign : ďrestricted area . do not pass beyond this pointí ... lombard wipe the sweat from he face , set off again , past it ... now the track climb a small ridge ... lombard reach the top , stop ... 40 yard ahead , a gate through a 15ft chain - link fence top with razor wire that cut through the desert . the gate be shut , fitte with a security camera and intercom . Beyond , the track continue ... lombard duck back beneath the brow of the ridge and ... reappear 40 yard to the side of the gate , out of camera range ... the fence . lombard eye the razor wire above ... the dry sand beneath ... he get on he knee and start digging ... in on he hand shifting the sand and ... dusk . a magnificent sunset sky paint the landscape ... we find ... lombard , cover in sand , be through the fence , dusting he jacket off ... he put it on , spit , light a cigarette ... start for the next ridge ... in on ... the burrow under the fence ... huge ; the fence be bury deep - about 4 foot - and lombard have have to shift a veritable mountain of sand , which now stand outside the fence ... night . a inky black sky peppered with star ... a bright moon ... and lombard , back on the track , march on , follow the tyre mark still visible in the moonlight ... now he climb yet another ridge , reach its brow , stop ... below , in a crater- like hollow ... a eerie sight , light in the darkness ( we hear the distant hum of a generator and throb of rock music ) . lombard frown , as if need time to interpret the sight ... a sprawling ranch within a high perimeter fence mark with spotlight . Light shine from every window of the MAIN build which overlook a courtyard fill with a fleet of luxury car . Light also shine from the window of smaller building ; a huge satellite dish dwarf one ; another , a barracks - like build , be fenced off . out -building - shed , stable , be in darkness ... lombard peer along the track ... it snake sharply down to a brightly light entry gate - the only way into the enclosure . two men guard it , small figure in army fatigue armed with rifle ... lombard grip he gun , start down the slope , away from the track ... ext . the ranch . night . the rock Music be loud now ... in the darkness behind a stable build we find ... lombard drag himself through a burrow beneath the perimeter fence , get to he foot and peer around the buildingt corner to .... the entry gate : the guard quietly smoke and chat ... the main building 60 or so yard away across a clear expanse : dance figure in the open window ... gun at the ready , he make a dash for ... the MAIN build ( Music very loud now ) ... he flatten himself against the wall between two window , look inside ... a game room : armed men dance with a dozen teenage girl between slot machine and gambling table . the girl be of various race and type but all be at various stage of pregnancy and all look doped . lombard move on , duck beneath another window give into the game room and along to the next ... a busy kitchen : a uniformed chef put the final touch to a tray of canapus in the hand of a naked teenage girl . around they , cook , porter and more naked girl busy about with drink trays , etc ... in on lombard ; a bemuse frown ... he move on , around a corner , stop at another window ... a empty office ... we hear a roar of general laughter ... lombard turn ... it come from another window ... he make for it ... a huge hall . cigarette smoke . a crowd of about 30 men ( suit , polished shoe ) and a handful of women ( sharp , executive - type ) . from sofa and armchair scattered around , some accept drink and canapus from the trays be offer by more naked teenage girl . most face be turn towards a man on a day ( shirtsleeve , smooth ) ... man on day ... okay ! so there we be , folk . as we Russian friend kindly explain , soon even white kid wonít be worth they skin now that son of bitch from Eastern Europe be flooding the market ... russian man ( bawling in a strong Russian accent ) competition be the blood of business . thus speak the Americans , no ? mild laughter around the room . man on day ha ha ... yes . with price reach a all time low , the name of the game have become Ďhave - it - where - itís-atí ... as we all know , transportation have always be the costliest and trickiest part of this business ... man with italian accent cost what ? man on day costliest ! man with italian accent whatt that ? a word ? man on day what do you think ? man with italian accent I do not know . could be the sound of jewellery hit a parquet floor , huh ? man on day very funny . can I go on now ? man with italian accent sure . but speak English , will ya , ha ha ... as this be go on , lombard scrutinize the face ... - most of the male be 40 - plus , a lot be latins , a few clearly look russian or east-european ... man on day iíll try ... the future , lady and gentleman , be in do away with transportation . breeding baby in safe house in the country where theyíre most want not only reduce cost ... by do away with cross -border smuggle of live child and organ it also greatly reduce the risk . this pilot - farm weíve invite you to be now one year old ... in on lombard ; he frown , peer at ... one of the men he follow from the Hyatt ; he sit in a corner , listen wearily ... then go on search the room ( het look for friedman ) ... man on day ... and let I tell you , in that short period both profit margin and demand for we product have increase far beyond we best forecast . by guarantee faster , cheaper , more reliable delivery , weíve begin to wipe out the competition . wordl get round . the long term potential be simply huge . in this country alone on any one day in excess of 20,000 good folk be wait for a replacement organ ... just multiply five percent of this by say $ 10,000 per kidney , $ 40000 per heart , $ 100,000 per liver , and you might begin to get the picture ... now lombard peer at ... the second man from the Hyatt ; recline in a sofa , he observe the bare bottom of a naked waitress ... man on day ... bring third - world kid to where the money be be out - of-date . try to beat the cop and the clock by smuggle kid and part across border be at best haphazard . traffick be yesterdayís news , lady and gentleman , breeding be tomorrowís profit ... lombard move to another window , hope for a better view . man on day ... a safe house , a in -house doctor or surgeon , a hot-line to a carefully select network of doctor , surgeon and lawyer , and a few fuckable girl ... ( laughter from he audience ) lombard move swiftly away , past the fleet of park car to ... the satellite dish build . through a light window : computer terminal ... a man engross in a computer game ( doom ) ... a flicker tv ( a holiday programme ) ... through a dark window : more computer ... telephone and , through a open door , the man play in the next room ... lombard move on ... creep around the ranch and through a gate in the fence enclose ... ext . barracks build , ranch . night . Light behind the curtain of barred window space along the wall ... from inside , sound of women chatting , baby crying ... lombard move swiftly along the narrow alley between the building and its fence , search for a window with open curtain ... a panting SOUND ... a growl somewhere behind he ... he turn ... a toothy doberman look back at he , ready to pounce , growl ... in on lombard ; fear , theret no escape ... eyeball the doberman , he start to slip off he jacket , softly hush the dog ... ďchut , petit Chien ...í he drop gently to he knee , hold he jacket open in front of he , eye on the dog ... take a deep breath , jerk he jacket ... the doberman leap , go for the throat ... lombard catch its head in he jacket , fall to the ground hold the dog by the neck ... the dog thrashes , wrestle ... lombard crack its skull through he jacket with he gun butt ; once , twice , three time ... the doberman whine ... weaken ... a shaft of light spear from the window above ... lombard freeze , look up ... the curtain above he be open ... through the bar , the top half of a young womant face look out ... the doberman in lombard grip whimper , shudder violently ... in on the woman search the darkness ... she flick the curtain shut . darkness again . lombard turn to ... the main gate : the guard havenít move ... the dog : itt dead ... in on lombard hand peel the jacket from the dogt head ... he jacket glisten with blood ... he yank it out from under the dog , sit up , put it back on , turn to ... the main building : the pregnant girl be still dance ... his eye move to ... away , against the perimeter fence : a SMALL stone build flanke with stack of oil drum ; it seem to be the source of the generator hum ... lombard turn back to the main building , think ... int . generator shelter , ranch . night . in on the roaring generator light by ... lombard stand inside the door , hold a match , the dead doberman under one arm , surveying the small interior ... oil drum against the wall ... he dump the dog ... ext . the satellite dish build , ranch . night . lombard look in window # 1 ... the mant still play on he computer , the tvt still on ... he move to window # 2 ... eye the phone and , keep he eye on the man play in the next room , climb through the window ... int . satellite dish build , ranch . night . ... tiptoe to the phone , pick one up , squat to keep the man next door in sight and start dialling ... he stop , frown ... pull the paper from he breast pocket ... it ís soak in blood . he peel it open and , squinting to decipher the number , dial ... he train he gun on the man next door ... ringing tone ... then : ďyeah ?í lombard get a pen and do not ask any question . emily ( os ) oh. what ... yeah . okay . lombard Route 395 . past Edwards Air Force base and about half a mile before a place call the Red Mountain Motel . therets a dirt track with a uclose to the publicí sign . it lead to some kind of ranch in the middle of nowhere . if you havenít hear from I by morning send the cavalry , okay ? but not before , you hear ? emily ( os ) have you find you man ? be that where he be ? lombard I think so . and if it come to it , tell the cop anything you think will make they move . whatever you come up with could not come close to how bad it be . bye now . and he hang up , eye still firmly on the game player . ď... for seeker of sun , sea and fun on a tight budget , Brazil be ... '' say the woman on the tv screen ... ext . generator shelter , ranch . night . ( this building be 60 yard behind the main building , out of view of the gate . ) lombard walk backward from the door pour petrol from a drum ... after 30 yard , he put the drum down , look around as he light a cigarette ... focus on ... a dark shed , to one side , half - way to the main building ... he take a few step towards the shed , stop , take a deep drag of he cigarette , flick it away ... the cigarette fly through the AIR ... lombard sprint towards the shed ... the cigarette hit the petrol - whoosh ... lombard reach the shed ... a river of FIRE rush towards the shelter ... lombard throw himself to the ground beyond the shed ... ďwhoomphí ... flame engulf the shelter ... lombard curl up , head in he arm ... boom .... the shelter blow up in a deafen conflagration ... the music stop , all over the ranch the light go off ... lombard look up ... a ball of fire roar into the night sky ... we hear scream ... he turn to ... the main building : several men , gun at the ready , gape at the fire ... now lombard again bury he head in he arm ... boom ... whoomph ... as the petrol drum outside the generator shelter blow ... the man outside the main building be throw to the ground ... window shatter ... lombard hurriedly crawl to the door of the ... int . shed . night . in on lombard as he crawl in ; a grimace ... he stop , sniff the air , peer into the shed ... in the fire-light come through the shattered window : a bathtub ... bag of lime ... gallon container ... he go on in , kick the door shut , stand , bury he nose in the crook of he elbow and make for the bathtub ... in on lombard ; sicken eye ... in the bath : the float remain of a body , gruesome , half - dissolve , face up ; could it be friedman ... in on lombard ; he scowl ... ďnom de ...í he turn to ... the gallon container : ďsulphuric acidí read the label ... he glance back at the body , cross to the window , look out , breathe air ... outside : a strange sight . a silent , 60 strong crowd . Men in suit , naked waitress , pregnant girl , young men in army fatigue and jeans , man and woman in night - clothes , in servant or cook uniform ... a mass of speechless face all glow in fire - light , mesmerise by the gigantic flame ... lombard run he eye over the face ... find ... at the back of the crowd : one of the man he follow from the Hyatt . ext . MAIN build , ranch . night . lombard run to the front of the main building ... hurries across the yard pack with car ... turn and ... ext . ranch . night . in on the italian from the Hyatt ; hard , dark ... behind he ... lombard stop , one of the crowd , listen ... menus voice above the firet roar man # 1 : what about back -up ? you get back - up juice ? man # 2 : sure , we get a spare generator . but it ainít much use without fuel , be it ? man # 3 : be you guy say we get no juice ? man # 4 : who care , huh ! weíll use candle . itíll be romantic . man # 5 : yeah ? what kind of romance you get in mind , eh ? fuck I in the dark ? man # 4 : huh ! fuck you ? I would not fuck you if I be blind and have a paper bag over my head . man # 5 : great . thatís all right then ... man # 1 : hey ! can the funny guy shut up ? okay . what weíre gonna do be syphon gas out the car to get the spare generator go . Frank , John , get to the gate . pedro and Stan , take some man to patrol the outer fence . if this firet visible from the road some asshole might decide to come this way ... right , everybody , scatter . and someone see if we get candle . the crowd begin to ripple , small cluster form ... lombard jab he gun into the italiant back . between clench tooth : lombard you make a sound and we both die . ( the man turn ; he jab he again ) lett go . the italian dither , glance at lombard bloody jacket , frown ... then grin and shrug , obviously not give lombard much chance ... the italian sure . where to , huh ? lombard jab the italian again , steer he towards ... lombard and keep you head down . wide view ; lombard steer the italian towards the stable build behind which he dig he way in , through cluster of slowly move people all still too mesmerise with the fire to pay they any attention ... ext . stable build , ranch . night . lombard shove the italian round the corner , grab he by the collar , ram he against the wall , dig the gun into he belly : lombard okay , shitbag . iím only go to ask you this once . where be friedman ? the italian who ? ( off lombard black look ) I do not know who the fuck youíre talk about , sunshine . lombard gluck . the italian ( after a beat , he grin ) figlio di puttana . youíre the french asshole who bump off the London guy ... lombard ( slapping he ) five second . then you die . the italian ( he pride hurt , glaring ) fuck ... lombard ( he slap he again ) Three ... the italian ( fight not to retaliate ) gluckis dead , you sonofabitch ! in on lombard ; dread in he eye ... the italian youíre the lantern man , huh ? ( as lombard just go on stare ) if you wanna see whatís leave of he ... lombard the acid bath ? the italian huh ! youíve be around , eh ? lombard look down , dispirite ... he look up again , eyeball the italian , slap he again and , hold he against the wall , peer around the corner ... the entry gate : two guard , catch in a jeept headlight as it leave ... the daze crowd move towards the main building ... and ... the barrack building : frightened girl gaze out through the bar window ... lombard again eyeball the italian - who glare back - quickly search he ... and thrust he to the ground by the burrow under the fence and kick he . lombard crawl ! ext . the desert . night . in the distance , flame lick the night sky ... across moonlit sand , we find ... lombard , sombre , he gun arm tense and ready , trudge a few yard behind the italian who stare ahead with murderous eye . lombard why do you kill friedman ? the italian let I give you a tip , asshole - no one pull stunt like what you pull in London and here tonight and hope to get away with it . it upset people . it ís wrong . Fucking wrong . lombard why do you kill he ? the italian huh ! you turn he into a liability , do not you know ? lombard Nice way to help a colleague in trouble . the italian thatís just it . the sonofabitch do not ask for help from he colleague ... ( a beat , then to himself ) testa di cazzo ! hire some amateur outsider to fix you ... he hasnít go to hell too soon ... and neither will you , Mr Lamont ! in on lombard trudging along ; a perplex frown ... lombard be you tell I friedman do not tell you I be here look for he ? the italian if he have , youíd be dead . lombard so why do not he ? the italian what do you think , huh ? lombard I think youíd rather not know what I think . the italian huh . maybe he figure the news we London bureau get a visit from a hitman on behalf of a piss off client would not go down too well . he only share he guilty secret last night . and then only Ďcause he be so fuck edgy after call he hotel we persuade he to talk . lombard ( a beat ; more and more intrigue ) so you kill he and go to clean out he hotel room ... how do friedman say he get to know where to find I ? the italian thatís the beauty . a anonymous call . make you wonder how many people know what youíre up to , eh , french -fuck ? lombard glare , hurry after the italian , grab he by the collar , pull he close , put he gun against he head . lombard try again , and this time be polite . the italian ( with a snigger ) I can only tell you what he tell we ... lombard not even scum like friedman would go to the trouble of kill a stranger on the strength of one anonymous call . the italian some guy call to let he know the frenchman whoíd call the night before he leave London be in L.A. look to kill he . he do he sum and decide to take the call seriously . lombard what sum ? the italian two stiff and a miss kid follow you visit to one of the London hotel . he do not need you confession ... lombard youíre sure he say he caller be a man ? the italian thatís what he say ... lombard , think hard , hold he a moment longer , then shove he forward ... the italian stumble , regains he balance , and resume walk ... the italian when they realise I ím miss ... lombard shut up and walk ... ext . outer perimeter fence . night . the fire be just a distant glow now . lombard and the italian near the fence ... the roar of a engine ... lombard turn ... in the near distance along the fence ; car headlight , come ... lombard thrust the italian down and lie beside he , the gun point right in he face ... as the car near , they face close , lombard and the italian stare hard at each other ... in italian : the italian what you gonna do ? kill I ? lombard do not tempt I . the last scumbag who think I might kill he die soon afterwards . the italian huh . I ím a businessman . what be you , eh ? in on lombard ; hatred ... in on the italian ; hatred ... lombard look up ... a jeep patrol the fence roll past ... ext . desert . dawn first light . two weary figure plod through the silent sand ... ext . desert / MAIN road . dawn . the italian drag himself over the last sand before the road , stop and peer away to ... come up behind , lombard follow he gaze ... in on lombard ; alarm as he see ... 70 yard away : emilyís pontiac near the track entrance ... the door open ... Emily climb out , look he way . lombard yank the italian around , force he to the ground and , hold he down , look back ... Emily be trot towards he ... he shout : lombard get the hell out of here ! ( Emily stop in the road ) go! go! ( he wave he gun at she ) damn it ! go on , clear off ! wait for I a few mile back , all right ? go! now ! in on Emily ; she waver , mutter : ďshit , í... run back to she car . the italian trouble ? lombard turn , ram the italiant face in the sand , turn back ... Emily get into she car , do a U -turn and drive away ... lombard lett go of the italian and kick he angrily ... ext . red mountain motel . dawn . lombard Ford pull out of the silent motel forecourt ... ext . MAIN road , desert . dawn . the italian lie truss up with he own tie and belt , in a ditch near the road , he bare - foot strapped to he wrist behind he back , sock stuff into he mouth ... the mustang screech to a halt ... lombard climb out , open the trunk ... in on the italian in he ditch ; he look worried now ... int . mustang . dawn . thump ! driving fast , mutter unintelligibly between clench tooth , lombard repeatedly smashes he fist into the dash ... ext . MAIN road , desert . dawn . the mustang pull up behind emily pontiac . lombard get out , make for ... int . emilyís pontiac . dawn . ... slam the door shut behind he , scream : lombard whatt wrong with you , woman ! in on Emily ( she look tired , have obviously not sleep ) ; she return lombard stare , unperturb but angry inside ... emily look , you do not tell I about some godforsake place where stuff so bad even I couldnít imagine it go down and expect I to go quietly to sleep ! what happen ? whot the guy ? the austrian ? lombard whot the guy ? whot the guy ! nom de dieu ! ( he turn away , seethe ) have the guy get a closer look at you or you number plate iíd have have to kill he . Emily frown , unsure ... frighten for a moment ... lombard glare into she eye ... turn away , take deep breath , calming himself down ... Emily look he up and down , uneasy , she eye linger on ... his two - day stubble ... his blood - cake jacket ... the gun in he belt ... emily where do you get ... ( a beat ; she better not ... ) what - what do you find out ? lombard go on frown out the window , exhaust feature haunt , as if only now taking in the horror of he night ... emily what ...? lombard what ... ( a beat ; he go on stare out ... ) some kind of organ factory ... pregnant girl doped up . Babies . there ís a lot of people back there . theyíre hold a seminar . traffickingís the past , breeding the future ... Emily just stare at he , speechless . lombard friedmant dead ... they kill he ... emily ( not interested in friedman ) so who ... whot the man ? where be he ? lombard some italian I pick up back there . het in the boot of the mustang . emily ( look back at the mustang ) italian ? the mafia ...? lombard who know . who care ... ( a beat , he turn to she ) you want slime . you get slime . silence . they look at each other , thought pass between they eye ... she open she mouth to speak but ... lombard pre-empt she : lombard no one see I but the italian and a dog . I blow up they generator . they think it be a accident but by now they must have realise one of they party be miss . it might make they feel insecure enough to decide to pack up ... emily weíre both think the same thing , right ? lombard do you know a friendly cop ? she nod ... they look at each other , briefly , lombard call from the motel and tell he if he move fast enough there might be something leave of a body dissolve in acid . ( he open he door ) can I have the key to you house ? emily ( after a beat , understanding ) that - that wonít do . thatís not the way it go . you see it , you tell it , thatís the way ... lombard I ím finish here and I ím tired , Emily . you should not be here . now do not make it worse . emily a seminar in a baby breeding farm ! body in acid ! you think iíll get anywhere with that ? Jesus ! with luck I might raise a laugh . they might even send a patrol car to check the place out . whatever , itíll be too late . lombard then find another way . emily look ! either you talk or the creep be gonna walk . for godt sake . what be I suppose to say ? I get this from a french guy from England who break in there to have a chat with a austrian child trafficker ? be that it ? lombard iíll be wait outside you place . and he get out ... ext . MAIN road . morning . ... slam the door , make for the mustang . Emily get out after he , shouting : emily damn it ! you canít fuck walk away from this ! lombard itt up to you whether they walk or not . as he make he way around the back of she car towards the mustang drivert door , Emily block he way between the two car . emily me! I ! do you know who I be , mr... before she can finish lombard be on she , he hand over she mouth : lombard youíre turn into a nuisance , Emily . weíve get company , remember ? he look hard at she . she frown , understand , glance at the mustang ... he hold she a moment longer then let go . she go on , whisper now ... emily ... iím Emily Stewart . the hysterical female who see evil everywhere since the day she thirteen year - old boy disappear . the pain in the ass who cry wolf at the drop of a hat . however I go about this thatís who I be . do you get what I ím fuck say , Mr lombard ? lombard what about you friendly cop ? emily my ex-husband . my work drive he away . make he life a misery . he think I ím obsessed , punish myself for what happen to we son . ( a beat ) but het a good guy . heíll listen to you . he will not turn you in if I ask he not to . I can pretty much guarantee that . okay ? lombard peer at she , thoughtful , then turn to ... the quiet expanse of desert towards the ranch ... in on Emily ; she wait ... in on lombard ; he think hard ... a wave of sadness cross he face ... lombard I always want to come to America ... La nouvelle - orluan ; baton rouge ; Le pay cajun ... that be magic name to a Paris kid ... the far-west , wild and french ... in on Emily ; what ?... in on lombard ; he swallow , tight - lipped ... lombard theyíd never let I go . and youíd end up in more trouble than you know for help I . emily you can not walk away from this . you cannot . lombard I can ... the question be , can you lie to you ex - husband ? in and hold on Emily ; probing eye ... dissolve as ... rising : the whirring of a helicopter ... continue rise over ... ext . desert . day . a convoy of police car charge in a cloud of dust through the gaping gate of the outer perimeter fence ... through the helicopter whirr we hear : lombard voice heíll come . if he ever love you heíll come . you tell he you see it . you tell he you go in there . you have to . you get a letter at the foundation . you have to check . ( pause ) iíll draw you a map ... now , a helicopter blot out the blue sky , swoops away towards ... emilyís voice what about the italian . he know ... lombard voice iíll look after the italian ... int . police helicopter . day . a deafening whirr now . in on a roughly drawn map of the ranch and vicinity held in a manis hand ... Emily sit in the back , behind the pilot and a police lieutenant ( suit , sunglass , communication headset , hold the map ) ... in on Emily , frown at ... in the distance , a plume of smoke gently rise into the sky ... ext . ranch . day . silence as we see from above : the ranch in its crater , a war zone ... Police car and cluster of cop move slowly around the charree ruins of the main building and burnt - out remain of the wooden outbuilding ... only the barracks and satellite dish building still stand , blacken but intact , smoke billow from they break window ... ext . barracks . day . silence but for ... thump , thump ... Emily , the Lieutenant and two cop stand grimly watch a third cop axing through the barracksí door ... int . dormitory , barracks . day . shaft of smoky sunlight : beds and baby - cot , blacken but still stand , arrange in military style row along the length of the room to a badly char far wall with a gaping black hole in it - once a doorway . the fire be clearly light beyond it and never quite catch in the dormitory . now we see ... Emily , the Lieutenant and the two cop , just inside , gaze at the cot and bed ... the Lieutenant send Emily a ďstay hereí look and start down the centre aisle with the other cop in tow . we stay with Emily , stand transfix , watch they head for ... ... the Lieutenant reach the burnt out door , peer in , step back , exchange a heavy glance with the other cop , pull out a handkerchief , bring it to he mouth and nose and move on through , the other in tow ... silence . emily be alone ... she turn to look at ... a tall cupboard in the corner of the far wall ... she slowly walk towards it ... pull OPEN its double door ... in on Emily ; a tremor in she cheek , awe in she eye ... Inside : stack of colourful pack of baby nappies ... footstep ... Emily start , turn ... the lieutenant , peer grimly ahead , and he cop , emerge from the char doorway , march past , not see she in she dark corner ... Emily watch they go on out , turn to the char doorway ... int . inner hallway , barracks . day . all soot and smoke , three gape doorway ... in on Emily ; she retch , bring she hand to she nose , turn to ... one of the doorway : through smoke , a burnt - out surgery . debris , a operating table , surgical instrument , twisted by the heat ... in on Emily ; horrify , she now peer towards ... the open door of a cold -store : a bare foot stick out from what could be a entangle mass of charree adult body . we hear a mant shout : lieutenant ( o.s. ) Emily ! Emily start , retch , throw up ... int . bathroom , emilyís house . afternoon . lombard suit and clothes , wash , hang to dry above the bath ... we hear : newsreader ( os ) acting on a tip-off , police today raid a burnt - out ranch contain the char remain of ... int . lounge , emilyís house . afternoon . in on the television set ... newsreader ... around a dozen body near a disus military base in a remote area of barstow county . in what be so far believe to have be the home of yet another extremist religious or survivalist cult group , it be not yet clear what occur or whether the death be the result of foul play , but early indication be that the ranch be deliberatly set alight and the decease shot dead before ... Emily , drunk , look awful , slump on the sofa with a bottle of beer , switch the tv off with the remote ( the room be messy - a heap of newspaper in a corner , a vacuum cleaner against a wall ) . she raise she beer in a toast , slurring ... emily hallelujah ... thank God for convenient religious nut ... lombard ( in pyjamas ) , sombre , hold a cup of coffee , sit in the armchair opposite , eye on ... on the table ; a couple of fed - ex package , a european passport , a wad of pound note and a handwritten note - we glimpse a girlish signature : ďlove , janeí ... whitney ( stand grimly by the window ) weíve still get the italian ... emily thatís right . wheret the fuck italian , eh , Mr french hero ? lombard ( after a beat , scowling at Emily ) I leave he in the mustang outside a police station , with a cover note tie he to the ranch . not that heíll talk . in on whitney ; fear in she eye as she peer at lombard ... emily of course not . nothing stick to slime and whatís new , huh ? she gulp down more beer , eyeing lombard , confrontational ... lombard ignore she , start count he money ... emily look at he , whitney . come all the way from England to clean up California . huh ! whitney Emily ... emily no. youíre look at a real musketeer here , whitney . brave and rash . have to dash in there . take a prisoner ... might as well have send they a notice to quit ... ( off lombard silence ) come on , musketeer ! get anything to say ? lombard nothing stick to slime , Emily . ( toss money towards she ) this should cover what you leat I . emily huh ! and they say charity only reward in Heaven ... hallelujah ... ( she drink , retch , stagger to she foot ) Christ ... lombard and withney watch she stagger out the room ... we hear a door open ... a clatter ... hear Emily be sick ... then silence ... whitney sigh , peer at lombard , who be swallow coffee and peer in the passport ... whitney be you go back home , Mr lombard ? ( off he look ) be not you ... wo not they be look for you ? lombard I doubt it . the italian call I Lamont ... whoever tip off friedman tell he I be a hitman call Lamont . whitney peer at he , not sure she understand ... turn to ... the SOUND of glass shatter in the bathroom ... we hear : emily ( os ) shit ! fuck ! whatt fuck wrong with people ! ( sound of footstep ) I ím go to bed . and sweet dream to you to ! ( door slam shut ) whitney sheíll be alright . shet tough ... lombard ( a beat , then , grimly : ) yeah . the tough one can only break . in on whitney ; she peer back at he , unsure ... CUT to : through hushed silence , the SOUND of a tap running ... the table be now clear except for a gitane-stub in a saucer ... the sofa empty ... through the open kitchen door : whitney , glum , wash - up at the sink ... the sound of run water merge into ... ext . riverside footpath / field to rhiant cottage . day . the SOUND of pouring rain , a roaring river ... in on a plastic football bounce with a splash a few time on the grass , roll , and ... lombard , stand by the swollen river at the bottom of the field lead to rhiant cottage watch the ball come to a stop near he shoe ... he look up ... upfield , the asian boy ( gumboot , in a waterproof much too big for he ) stand still , stare at he ... he bolt for the cottage door ... int . kitchen , rhiant cottage . day . in on a newspaper item in the ďnews in briefí column : '' the body of Leonard spitz , 31 , be find hang from a tree by a man walk he dog north of High Beach in epping Forest , Essex , yesterday . the body be in a advanced state of decay . High Beach police be treat the death as suicide ...Ē lombard , stand , peer at ďthe guardianí in he hand , check its date ... november 15 199 ... then up at ... rhian stand across the table ... lombard whatt the date ? rhian the nineteenth ... how come you do not know ? lombard iíve be away . ( a beat , he turn to rhian ) do Leon speak to you about he sister ? rhian er ... yes ... lombard do he ever refer to the hostility between they ? rhian he ... apparently the hostility be all hers . Leon didnít ... it hurt he . they use to be close ... ( off lombard look : 'is that so ? í) they parent be in they forty when they be bear , you see . and mostly away . they grow up in a Scottish mansion with old nanny and servant . he ... '' we world be so old and cold , we shine for one another , '' Leon use to say . his sister cut he off after she get marry . he never understand why but think it be because she have no child . be bitter ... lombard look at she , thoughtful , throw the paper down . lombard the money Leon leave for the boy , be it cash ? rhian yes . Three thousand pound . I still ... lombard do he mention anything about have a exhibition of he work ? rhian ... no . lombard you sure ? what about before he turn up with the boy ? rhian ... no . in fact , iíd see he a couple of month earlier . he be quite depressed . his work wasnít get anywhere . he say he be go to try something new , realism , London in the ninety - documentary stuff , you know ... in on lombard ; a flicker of think ... rhian go on , smile sadly now . rhian he show I a book with a picture of a couple catch kissing in a street ... lombard howt the boy do ? rhian Fine ... lombard good . you need not worry about the austrian anymore . het dead . iíll be in touch . and lombard turn to leave ... in on rhian ; a quizzical frown ... ext . leont STREET . afternoon . lombard triumph , park outside leont apartment building ... int . live room , leont apartment . afternoon . lombard stand inside the door , surveying ... leont life have be pack away : a heap of box in the middle of the floor , the wall and shelf bare ... he make for the darkroom door , open it , switch on the light ... the darkroom : stripped bare ... he turn off the light . sitting room . the box now sit scattered around , they content littering the carpet ; book , record , photographic equipment ... we find ... lombard , empty another box - more photographic stuff , print , roll of film , chemical ... he pull out a BOX - file , open it ... Inside : contact sheet , shot of london scene ... he leaf through , stop now and then to scrutinize one or the other ... stroller in park ... more park scene ... finally , he pull one sheet out and bring it close to he eye . in on the contact sheet : more park scene ; two strip of shot follow a tramp carry bulg bag along a park fence with a busy road beyond ... lombard scowl , see ... three sequential shot : beyond the advancing tramp , the familiar facade of the diplomat , its sign clearly readable , first to the trampt leave , then half conceal behind he head , then to he right ... in on lombard glaring at ... the strip of shot of the trampt progress along the fence ... he face stiffen as he sees ... a shot of the tramp , now face the camera , angry , swear at the photographer ... lombard bring the sheet even closer , peer hard at it , turn , scan the floor ... pick up a photographert magnify block from the carpet , make for the window , place the magnify block on : the swearing tramp through the magnifying block : to the right of the trampt head , park car in a side street ; among they , the distinct contour of a aston martin ... lombard flick the contact sheet over ... ďpenrhyndeudraethí , in he handwrite ... lombard be livid . '' merde ... '' int . office , lombard flat . dusk . the gold fish swim serenely in they aquarium ... still in he jacket , smoking , angry , lombard be at he desk , on the phone : lombard ... je vous remercie , Charles . he hang up , cross a name from a long handwritten list of name and phone number - a third be already cross out - and dial the number beside the next name - jean provost . wait for a answer , he stub out he cigarette , light another , blow out smoke and rub he eye peer at ... the contact sheet on he desk . the SOUND of a key in the lock ... lombard stiffen ... the door open ... Jane stand in the doorway hold a white bundle - a baby . she beam , come in ... jane savieer ! youíre back ! lombard send she a stony smile , signal she to be quiet ... Jane quickly murmur something to a young man who have appear beside she - tim - then call in a whisper : jane I come to feed you fish . I do not know ... lombard ( signal she to shut up again ) oui , bonjour , Jean ... oui , tr 's bien , merci . dites-moi , pourriez-vous I dire si vous avez recommandumes service ŗquelquíun rťcemment ... vous ute certain ... non , non ... je vous remercie ... ( hang up , cross out provostls name ... ) jane hello there . howt the flat . I clean ... lombard Jane , there be a envelope in my desk . the one iíd give you and then get back , remember ? I canít find it . do you know where it be ? jane ( she stare , throw by he briskness , then : ) no ... I tell you on the phone . whoever break in mess - up all you papers . I put everything back where I think it ought to be . ( nodd to a pile of papers ) maybe itt there with ... lombard itt not . jane well , I ím sorry . I ... ( a cry from the baby in she arm ; she smile at it , then at lombard ) this be my nephew ... and my brother , Tim . iíve get the week off and het come to stay . Tim wave a hand , mutter ďhelloí , lombard ignore he , stare instead at the baby in janet arm ... Jane send he a nervous smile now ... jane anyway . you see , you lock fine . I do not know how they get in . so , how be L.A. , eh ? lombard just go on eyeing the baby ... Jane look more and more uneasy . jane i- I ím sorry about you envelope , okay ? now he glance quickly at she , then back at he list , say : lombard thank you , Jane . I ím busy . and he start dial ... flustered , Jane retreat to the doorway , where Tim be already move away . jane well , excuse I ! she slam the door behind she ... wait for he call to be answer , lombard once again peer at the contact sheet ... a frown ... he look up ... lombard no child ... he slam the phone down , think hard ... eye the contact sheet again , dial again ... butler ( os ) good afternoon . De moraest residence . lombard could I speak to carlos or deborah ? butler ( os ) I ím afraid they be out at the moment , sir . lombard when will they be back ? butler ( os ) Mr De moraes be due back from Brazil late this evening . Mrs De moraes be out and not expect before eight . do you wish ... lombard hang up , think hard again ... check he watch : 18:35 ... int . landing , lombard flat . dusk . lombard ( call up from he doorway ) Jane ! ( no reply ; he move to the stair ) come on , Jane ! we hear a door open , then a shout : jane ( os ) piss off ! lombard ( he frown , then : ) thanks for clean my flat and send my money , all right ?... come on , I need you . it ís important . silence . lombard wait ... SOUND of footstep upstair ... int . office , lombard flat . dusk . lombard put on he coat talk to Jane who stand at he desk eyeing he list ... lombard just ask if they can recall recommend my service to anyone in the recent past . say youíre my secretary , all right ? jane you secretary , huh ! lombard ( pick up the contact sheet , walk away ) iíd appreciate it if you could do this for I . if you canít , do not worry about it . iíll call in about a hour anyway . sorry but I ím in a hurry . ( he step out the door ) jane ( alone , shouting after he in frustration ) what be you up to , eh , savieer ? I mean , not this but ... money , passport , a gun in a microwave ? who be you , eh ? who be you ? ext / int . reddington road , hampstead / triumph . dusk . ext . twilight . heavy rain . the purr of a idling car engine ... a cigarette hit the wet tarmac with a spray of spark ... int . stationary triumph . lombard peer out through he swish wiper at ... the do moraesí mansion ... no car in the drive ... he check he watch ... 19:10 ... ext . do moraesí mansion driveway . dusk . the triumph crunch across the gravel into the empty drive ... CUT to : the butler stand in the doorway , frown at ... lombard , climb the step with a tired grin ... butler good afternoon , Mr lombard . I ím afraid ... lombard I know , laurence . you mistress be not expect I ďtill eight . but as I be in the area I think I might as well wait . and he push he way in past the butler , ... int . hallway , do morae mansion . dusk . ... wipe he foot on the mat , make for the draw room and stop as the butler reluctantly close the front door ... lombard by the way , laurence , be you here last time you mistresst brother come over ? you know , just before he disappear ? butler ( head stiffly for the draw room ) I work here , sir . I ím here most of the time . lombard ( follow the butler ) you would not recall if the brother - in - law leave together , would you ? butler you will have to ask Mr De moraes that , sir . ( open the draw room door , step aside ) would you like a drink while you wait ? lombard no . thank you . iíll be fine ... and lombard step into the ... int . drawing room , do morae mansion . dusk . lombard Mrs De moraes must have take it hard , eh? ( off the butlert blank look ) her brotherís death . butler dial o-o- o on the telephone if you change you mind about the drink , sir . and the butler shut the door ... lombard put he ear to the door ... footstep leaving ... carefully open the door ... the hall be empty , distant sound of kitchen activity from a corridor ... int . hallway / stairwell . dusk . lombard hurry across the hall and up the curving carpete stairway to ... int . first floor corridor . dusk . move fast , he barely pause as he open and peer into the door along he way , turn the light on and off , search for ... now he turn on the light in yet another room ... go in ... int . deboraht bedroom . dusk . ... carefully close the door behind he , surveying ... a feminine bedroom ( red predominate ) : fourposter bed , dress table , a constable landscape , a oil portrait of deborah , majestic ; two door ... lombard open one : a marble bathroom ... the other : a masculine bedroom ( pastel colour , modern , spacious ) - carlost bedroom ... now he search deboraht bedside table drawer ( marlboro pack , ear plug , tissue , sleep pill , etc . ) ... rifles through the drawer of the dress table cover with expensive cosmetics ; in the drawer , more cosmetics ; one contain nothing but lipstick ( all the shade of red ) , another jewellery .. step into a walk -in closet : fur coat , suit , lot of shoe ... open the wardrobe : a lot of seductive lingerie , some still with price tag , never worn ... in on lombard ; a intrigue frown . int . en - suite bathroom . dusk . lombard scan the content of the medecine cabinet : the usual household medecine , plus temazepam ... nitrazepam ... valium ... now he open and close the drawer of a dresser ... one , two , three ... he keep the last one open , focus inside ... box of tampon and panty liner ... int . drawing room , do morae mansion . dusk . lombard be at the phone , dialling ... a ring then : ďhalloí . lombard hello , Jane . it ís I . jane ( os ) really ? and how be you , eh ? ( lombard sigh , wait ... ) someone call Pierre dreyer say that a month ago he have dinner with a brazilian friend of ... lombard carlos De moraes ? jane ( os ) yes . how do ... lombard thank you , Jane . he hang up , stare thoughtfully in front of he for a moment , draw and dispirite , all of a sudden look very , very tire ... he turn to ... the photograph of the triumphant carlo on the wall ... ext . do morae driveway . evening . deboraht aston Martin pull up beside the triumph ... int . drawing room , do morae mansion . evening . lombard sit placidly peer ahead , he back to ... through the window : the butler escort deborah from she car , shelter she with he umbrella , talk ... hold on lombard , expressionless as ... we hear the front door close , heel move quickly across the hall ... the door open ... in on lombard ; a stony grin ... deborah stand stiffly in the doorway , in black , wear sunglass , with a new hairstyle ( a fringe cover most of she forehead ) , hold a handbag and a harrod shopping bag ... deborah Mr lombard ... lombard how be you , Mrs De moraes ? deborah when do you get back ? lombard why do not you ask when I leave the mondrian ? she hesitates ... step in , make for the table and ... keep she back to lombard , reach for she cigarettes , do she utmost to sound calm : deborah I be go to phone you . we ... ( a beat as she light she cigarette ) Leon be dead . he hang himself ... they find he in epping Forest ... five day ago ... lombard stay silent ... she turn to face he , send he a nervous grin , sit at the table and start search she handbag with jerky movement ... deborah I canít say it come as much surprise . still ... ( she seem lose for word ) I ím sorry no one call you . you must have come for you money . how much do we owe you ? she pull a cheque book and pen from she bag , open the cheque book , look up at lombard ... he just look at she , coldly . deborah I ím really sorry you be not call ... lombard youíre repeat yourself , Mrs De moraes . deborah I ... well , weíre bury Leon tomorrow and ... look , I wish I have more time , but itt late and with the funeral ... lombard ( dark grin ) arenít you curious to know about friedman ? deborah I ... if you do not mind , I do not think he matter now . it ... thing turn out to be as we think ; Leon be weak . therets no point in delving into he sad life anymore . now , will you please tell I how much we owe you ? in on lombard ; a cruel glimmer as he peer at ... the pen in she hand : shen so tense shen bury its tip in the cheque book ... he look up again ... lombard Black suit you . deborah sorry ? lombard ( signal towards the harrod bag ) whatt in the bag ? underwear ? to seduce you husband ? or be it for you own recreation ? ( off she mystify silence ) tell I , how come such a handsome couple sleep in seperate bedroom ? be it because he do it with little child ? he glance at ... she hold the pen so tight she finger have go white ... he look up , give she no time ... lombard or be it the other way round ? the child be need because you canít satisfy he ? deborah you ... you be out of order , Mr lombard . I ... lombard ( jump to he foot , shout ) you what , Mrs De moraes ? you what ? she just sit , startle ... he glare at she , calm himself down ... lombard how do you break into my office , deborah ? lady of you stand do not learn to pick lock between shopping trip . ( off she startle silence ) come on , deborah ! acting dumb doesnít suit you ! who know iíd find dirt on you brother , huh ? who know it be in a envelope ? take I for dead , whoíd want to make sure it do not fall into the wrong hand ? deborah youíre mad ... lombard iíve have a long and unpleasant day . I ím tired and I ím angry . but mad ? not yet . ( a beat ) I pay leont boy a visit this morning . found he alive and well . why havenít you tell you husband where he be since read my note , eh ? deborah why ... I do not know what youíre talk about . lombard you know heíd have have he kill , do not you ? do a conscience still burn somewhere inside you sore mind , deborah ? or be it just cold expediency ? could the boy perhaps come in useful when and if the day ever come for you to face up to the man you marry ? deborah have you finish ? lombard when do you learn about he taste for kid , huh ? on you honeymoon ? or be it later , when bitterness set in and you turn against you beloved but weak little brother ? how do you find out ? do he confess ? try to convert you perhaps ? or be it womant intuition ? or just the way he fuck you ? deborah whip off she glass - one of her eye be bruise ... she say , haughtily , too haughtily : deborah you do have a vivid imagination , Mr lombard . I only wish youíd use it fruitfully instead of in be obnoxious . I fail to understand you purpose in this . still , say what youíre owed if you still wish to be pay or get out , all right ? lombard ( peer at she bruise eye ) I guess the news youíd send I after friedman do not go down too well , eh ? she glare ... replace she cheque book and pen in she bag . lombard why do you send I after friedman , deborah ? she stub out she cigarette , rise to her feet . deborah whatever the reason , I ím sorry I do . Goodbye , Mr lombard . I believe you know you way out . lombard you know he have nothing to do with you brotherís disappearance , do not you ? deborah huh ! do not you recall convincing I he have ? you should learn to live with you mistake , Mr lombard . there be some merit in it . lombard I take it you learn to live with yours then . take it all the mind -dulling pill in you medicine cabinet be surplus to you well - be ... deborah how ... when do you ... lombard it must be tough be marry to adonis to end up sleep alone every night . sleep must be hard come . what ís harder ? the think of the fine litter you two could have breed if ? or imagine what he do with he child ? in on deborah ; hatred in she eye . her lip twitches , she open she mouth to speak ... but hold back ... silence . they eyeball each other , deborah fill with scorn , lombard with disgust ... she take a deep breath ... deborah what exactly do you come here for , Mr lombard ? in on lombard ; a frown of disbelief ... he shake he head , pull the contact sheet from he pocket , make for she unfold it , flatten it on the table , turn it round , push it towards she : lombard what be you satisfy ? morbid curiosity ? be it gratify ? she stare at the contact sheet ... look up , mystify .... he put he finger onto the shot with the aston Martin ... lombard look closely , deborah ! how many aston Martin db6 do you think there be in London , huh ? in on deborah ; dread in her eye ... she look down again ... lombard take a couple of step back to watch she peer at the shot , search ... lombard tell I , do he kill he little victim too ? deborah no ! silence . she look towards he but not at he ... lombard snarl , watch she realise she have slip ... lombard what do you mean , ďnoí , Mrs De moraes ? deborah my brother hang himself . lombard do the name Pierre dreyer mean anything to you ? het a client of mine and a friend of you husband . deborah Leon hang himself . lombard adonis think you brotherís bodyíd be find reasonably quickly when he hang it in epping Forest , do not he ? seem like a good idea . a ex-junkie , obsessed with death ; the perfect candidate for suicide . he just forget one thing : forest rambler be rare during you average blustery English November . a englishman might have think of that , but a brazilian ... deborah Leon hang himself ... lombard leont not find , you parent worry , talk of hire help to find he , even mention they manhunter friend perhaps ... and adonis panic , take control , bring I in reckoning a small - time detective be unlikely to dig up anything awkward , not before leont find anyhow . he must have kick himself when he learn iíd exceed he expectation . deborah Leon hang himself ... lombard Leon do not hang himself , deborah . you husband kill he and make he death look like suicide . how do he do it , eh? strangulation ? drug ? no doubt a autopsy will tell . in on deborah ; fear ... deborah maybe ... if Leon do not hang himself , maybe friedman kill he . maybe friedman have you envelope .... in on lombard ; amazement ... she canít help fight . lombard I doubt friedman ever even meet Leon , deborah . friedman deal with select customer . as for my envelope , have he know where it be he would not have mistaken I for a hitman call Lamont when we meet in Los Angeles . deborah ... you - you speak to he ? lombard not in the strict sense of the word , no . he be in too much of a hurry to kill I when we first meet and too waste in acid when I catch up with he later . silence . deborah send he a long look ... in on she ; a flicker of relief ... in on lombard ; he scowl , understanding ... lombard yes . youíre safe . he swallow the bait and pay for it by die . be the hitman story you idea or adonist , huh ? ( off deboraht silence ) what be the trouble ? friedman might have tell I he do not know you brother ? I might have tell he who I work for ...? silence ... deborah stare at he , expressionless . lombard you brother stumble upon adonist little secret , do not he ? and trade he silence for a kid and some cash . and adonis fall for it , buy he he kid , send he away , and then kill he when he come back for more . ( a beat ) Leon do not come here to borrow money for print . he come to extort a second kidt life . you flunkey let he in , so he visit could not be conceal , hence the exhibition story . there be no exhibition . just as you suspect . remember , deborah ? '' Leon do he own print . would not want anyone to interfere with he 'artí . ( off she silence ) I should have pay more attention to you word . perhaps itt the way you say they ... deborah ( turn to the contact sheet ) if - if my car be there , I could be the one who ... why do not you accuse I of kill my brother ? lombard kid be not you thing , deborah . youíd have be ready for I when I turn up with ďsleeping beautyí . damn it ! then too I should have pay more attention . '' not Leon , '' you say . it strike I at the time , but obviously not hard enough . you do not say ďmy God !í , or whatever else well - breed lady squeak on hearing uncle Henry misbehave . '' not Leon . '' who then ? ( a beat ) you sure be right about one thing , deborah , the job be too formidable for I . I should have think a little more before I leave for Los Angeles . but there I be focus so hard on friedman iíd stop think . nothing add up - Leon solicit money for print while buy kid at £ 15,000 a go ; infiltrate the world of child trafficker ; duping friedman into sell he a little boy ... you sure be right . the job be too formidable for I . but you know that , do not you ? deborah Leon could still have hang himself . lombard oh no . at long last Leon have find a mission . heíd never have kill himself when glory beckone . you husband kill you brother . and thanks to you , almost get I kill too . silence . deborah stare at he ... and ... as if suddenly drain , fall back in she chair ... she light a cigarette with a tremble hand , take a deep drag ... deborah poor Leon ... how typical of he to be in the wrong place at the wrong time ... ( a beat ) when I call you in Los Angeles ... I want to warn you . maybe I would have if you have not leave I wait on the line . I hang up ... in on deborah ; tear well up she eye ... in on lombard ; a cold , mean spark deep in he eye ... in on deborah ; she go on look up at he , resolute ... lombard push he hand deep into he pocket , turn , make for the window , and say , stare into the darkness outside : lombard do not cry . I might become nasty ... deborah eye he through tearful eye ... then turn to the contact sheet : deborah youíre wrong about my be there , though . carlos borrow my car that day , he have break down ... ( a beat , she wipe away a tear ) Leon see it , like you , assume I be there , think heíd wait to ask for a lift . but carlos turn up , with the tape you find ... ( she wipe away another tear ) Leon get he lift , and accidentally pick up the tape with he photo equipment when he get out . he watch it , confront carlos , threaten to tell the police about the hotel ... I do not know how he know about the hotel . perhaps carlos talk too much ... my husband do not tell I ... you more or less guess the rest ... ( look up , peer hard at lombard back ) I do not know any of this before you leave for Los Angeles . lombard ( keep he back to she ) you do not say . deborah that my brother , my husband and you Mr friedman be link , that much I have guess . but that my husband have kill Leon ? no . in on lombard ; he could kill she ... but keep he back to she ... lombard why do you send I after friedman ? to atone for you sin ? deborah I do not know my husband and friedman know each other . I just ... ( off he silent back ) do you think we speak about it ? iíve know for five year . het know iíve know for five year ... but not once have we speak about it . there be thing one just do not speak about ... lombard ( turn to she , sicken ) one just doesnít ... tell I , what do one speak about , huh ? deborah think what you like . but do not presume to understand . lombard I donít . deborah good . lombard be there anything to understand ? deborah why do I feel I need not answer that ? lombard Rich . young. beautiful . you must at least get a kick out of what he do to he kid . deborah you bastard ... lombard five year of it . surely , youíd have divorced he if he disgust you ? deborah you splendid bastard ... lombard be there truly no extenuate circumstance ? deborah ... weíre turn in circle . lombard and you still havenít tell I why you send I after friedman . deborah maybe I want to give my husband a fright . lombard a fright ?... five year of cowardice lead to you brother be murder and you want to give he murderer a fright ? deborah I do not know who or what have happen to my brother yet , Mr lombard ! lombard what be the idea ? husband be fill with fear when he learn he child supplierís be tail ? deborah something like that . lombard something like that ? deborah something like that . lombard what happen ? adonis slap you about a little and you revert to cowardice ? deborah here we go again . lombard where be that ? deborah simplify and damn . lombard do not you believe in simplicity ? deborah should I ? lombard we all have to like what we become . coward include . we achieve this by complicate thing a little . but it ís never that complicated really . deborah you seem to know what youíre talk about . lombard perhaps it come to I while die in a Californian desert because a woman set upon give she husband a fright get slap about a little . deborah my husband do not need to slap I about , Mr lombard . I volunteer ... lombard to get I kill ...? deborah I do not intend it that way ... it just happen . ( off he look : ďjust happen ...?í) he hear from laurence that youíd be back . that weíd argue . he ask why and it just happen ; I tell he everything ... I could not help it . want to see he scared . I have never see he scared before , you see ... lombard well , I hope you enjoy yourself . deborah perhaps I do ... until fear turn into panic . thatís when he hit I , and tell I heíd kill my brother ... '' you do not know what youíve do , '' he say . '' weíre in deep trouble , '' he say . '' we , '' he say . '' we.ē ( a beat as she sneer ) weíd both be kill if friedman ever find out you be work for we , he say . we have to stop you and friedman meeting ... in on lombard ; sicken ... she send he a proud , contemptuous glance ... deborah fear be contagious . I do not know if you can or want to understand , but I do not want to die because of what heíd do ... it be you or we ... silence . they stare at each other ... she finally say , somewhat menacingly : deborah well , now you know , what do you propose we do , eh , Mr lombard ? ( off lombard look of incredulity ) my brother and friedman be dead . ( nodd towards the contact sheet ) that prove nothing . indeed , you have no proof of anything . and even if you do , you would not really go to the police , would you , inspecteur Laurent delfosse ? in on lombard ; he eye darken ... deborah the real xavier lombard die six year ago in a car accident in Southern France ... as you know we have friend . we ask they to do some research , for just such a contingency as this . ( a beat ) you could have be more imaginative in you choice of a new profession . especially since you make the front page for shoot dead a convict in a prison wait room . she eyeball he ... lombard scowl , then grin , a sicken grin . lombard you know something ? iíve just see so much ugliness I do not think iíd mind four wall and dinner serve every night at a regular time . ( he turn and make for the phone ) iíd hope to have a private word with adonis , but if thatís the way you want it . deborah what be you do ? you canít . I ... lombard ( start to dial ) do you think the boy you save might identify you husband as he purchaser , deborah ? and then , you brotherís not bury yet . as I say earlier , a autopsy will ... deborah he ... he be dead ! ( he go on dialling ; she stand ... ) my husband be dead ! ( lombard turn to she , sceptical ) call my parent . theyíll tell you . call they ! lombard hesitates , hang up ... in on deborah ; she suddenly look gaunt and tired ... tear once again well - up in she eye ... deborah do you think weíd let he get away with the murder of my brother ? lombard we ? you and you parent kill you husband ? deborah no. not we ... she look daze for a moment , reach for a new cigarette , light it with a tremble hand ... lombard just peer at she , wait ... deborah they find he body yesterday . in the pool at we house in Sao Paulo . he drown . drank too much , go for a swim and drown . lombard ( with a frown of disbelief ) you flunkey say he be expect back tonight . deborah the staff do not know yet ... ( off he baffle look ) I call my parent , tell they everything ... ( she sit down again , too weak to stand ) I just could not take any more ... lombard get to the point , will you ... deborah my parent fly back from Israel ... told he they would get he kill unless he fly back to Brazil immediately and agree to a divorce . he fly back to Brazil ... ( she drag deeply on she cigarette ) and he drown be arrange ... lombard just go on look at she ... deborah he take away five year of my life and my brother . he be sick , but perhaps it wasnít he fault ... his parent buy young girl for he when he reach the age . for he to gain sexual experience . when he have finish or grow tired of they , they be sell off to procurer and replace . it ís common practice in Brazil , he say . the wealthy buy the child of starve parent . he get a taste for it ... lombard just watch she ... no sympathy whatsoever in he eye ... lombard so you do talk about it , huh ? deborah on ... once ... ( off lombard look : ďonce , eh ...í ) once ... what be we ... you go to do ? lombard what do you suggest ? deborah I do not know . everyoneís dead ... lombard ( he nod , a long beat , then : ) you parent arrange the visit to my office ? she nod ... lombard make for the table , turn the contact sheet over ... lombard tell they to meet I there in the main square at two tomorrow . they better be there . and no bad thing . iíve take precaution against bad thing . she peer at ... ... the word ďpenrhyndeudraethí ... look up .... deborah what be you go to do ? lombard peer at she , icily ... she just look back , shake , but defiant ... lombard why the hell could not you divorce the man ? deborah ( she dither , sneer ... ) you would not understand . he just look at she , wait ... in on deborah ; a flicker of fear ... then ... deborah shame ... and then , a good girl do not divorce ... my parent ... ( she frown , then , surprise in she voice as she say : ) do you know , they might pass on the family fortune to a cousin ? in on lombard ; mystify ... in on deborah ; she haughty self again . deborah I tell you you would not understand . lombard eye she ... he need not tell she whatís on he mind , he eye do it ... lombard do not forget to convey my message to you parent . Goodbye , Mrs De moraes . her eye follow he , then , as he open the door ... deborah I ... we have to bury Leon tommorrow ... lombard the dead can wait . hold on deborah as he slam the door behind he ; she start , then just go on stare at the door , hurt but still proud ... ext . rhiant cottage . day . a grey day . rhian , she daughter and shiva play football near the river ... through the kitchen window : Mr and Mrs spitz sit at the kitchen table , watch they , he uneasy , she hard ... int . kitchen , rhiant cottage day . mrs spitz one will have to regularize the boyt situation in this country , Mr lombard . lombard sit at the opposite end of the table , smoking ... lombard I ím sure youíll find a way , Mrs spitz . you have way of get what you want . silence as they stare hard at each other ... mrs spitz £ 10,000 a year to the girl for as long as she look after the boy ? lombard plus a trust fund to provide for the boyt education . the spitzes exchange a glance , agree ... Mr spitz turn to lombard : mr spitz it will be do . lombard nod , watch they for a moment , then : lombard look at it this way . he might achieve everything you son never do . mrs spitz jah ... the two spitzes turn to the window again as ... the boy kick the football high into the air ... Mr spitz watch it arc ... say wistfully : mr spitz maybe we wait too long to have child . mrs spitz maybe child should listen to they parent . ( she stand ; to lombard : ) we own a cottage like this in norfolk . I want Leonard to go there after he return from America . but he would not live in the countryside because he could not drive . have he listen and stay out of London perhaps none of this would have happen . ( she turn to the door ) come on , Albert . we have take enough of Mr lombard time . in on lombard ; a puzzle frown ... ext . rhiant cottage . day . music slowly rise : pink floydt ďwish you be here : part 1 í ... at the bottom of the field the old spitzes turn out of sight along the track ... by the cottage ; lombard , frown , watch they go and turn to ... rhian stand smile sadly at he , hugging she daughter to she leg ... lombard how do Leon and the boy get here , rhian ? ( off she frown ) Leon could not drive . how do he bring the boy here ? and do not tell I they come by train . in on rhian ; she stare back he , then smile , a guilty smile ... rhian no . they do not come by train ... lombard peer hard at she ... sigh and turn to ... by the river , shiva be toss stone into the rush water ... lombard swallow , tight - lipped , and turn to survey ... the hill ... the wood ... look down the field , lock eye with a sheep , watch smugly ... he look back at rhian , she make to speak ... he wave a hand , turn away ... lombard I do not want to know . he flick he cigarette away and start down the field ... the music goe on rising ... ext . penrhyndeudraeth , MAIN square . day . a bunch of noisy schoolgirls at the bus stop near the red phone box ... on the road , lombard triumph come into sight ... int . triumph . day . lombard glance at the schoolgirls ... pull hard down on the wheel , pull up at the kerb ... he lean across , wind down the passenger window , then , deadpan : lombard baa baa . I ím look for the speak sheep . the girl gape at he ... exchange daze look , suppress giggle ... in on lombard ; he coldly run he eye over they , frown see ... in on a gorgeous little girl ( about ten ) ; tight -lipped , she look guiltily down as lombard eye reach she ... lombard sheep do not wear watch and little girl do not scratch , hey ? the little girl glance up at lombard , chuckle and turn she back to he with both hand over she mouth to suppress she giggle ... lombard go on frown at she , then start wind he window up , eyeing ... in on another schoolgirl : a bewilder expression ... lombard pull away ... the music goe on rising ... ext . penrhyndeudraeth . MAIN square . day . wide view - the schoolgirls at the bus stop all watch as lombard triumph drive off into the distance ... the music goe on rising as ... dissolve to black ... then , as the music goe on , moody ... ext . road along finsbury park . day . wide view , through a veil of rain : the stretch of road between the diplomat and the ambassador be line with police car ... uniformed police officer loiter , arm fold or hand in pocket , at the hotel door ... on the pavement , near a park white mercede , peter ( from ďle mercuryí ) and he driver stand argue with a couple of police officer ... the music carry over ... hard CUT to : ext . parliament hill cafe . hampstead heath . day . lombard eye , fix , stare through the rain ... pulling out ... he face ; lip tight , face and hair wet with rain ... he look wear out , haunt ... pulling out further we see ... he sit over a coffee at a metal terrace table outside the cafet steam - up glass front , he hand manically tapping he pack of gitane on the table ... beside he , nathalie also sit silent over a coffee , smoking , also stare grimly ahead , one arm fold across she body ... the only two customer outside ... and we continue to pull out until they have become two anonymous , featureless people ... until the cafe be just a building in the expanse of the heath ... until the heath be just a spread patch of green in the aerial view of wet NORTH london ... #... remember when you be young , you shine like the sun ... # </ pre > ******** the end ******** leclere '' 1996 all rights reserve buy paperback buy Kindle buy epub / mobi var sc_project=584652 ; var sc_invisible =1 ; var sc_security = " ba4f6537 " ; var scjshost = ( ( " http : " == document.location.protocol ) ? " https://web.archive.org/web/20170708065153/https://secure. " : " https://web.archive.org/web/20170708065153/http://www. " ) ; document.write ( " < sc " + " ript type= ' text / javascript ' src= ' " + scjshost + " statcounter.com/counter/counter.js ' > < / " + " script > " ) ;