the red turtle original Story and screenplay by Michael dudok De wit the Red turtle part I . the man alone . 1.0 . the storm . on the ocean , far out at sea , a storm rage . a man be there on he own , in the middle of the wave . a gigantic wave carry he away . he sink , then reappear near a barrel which he cling on to . later , he spot a overturn lifeboat which he struggle over to . night fall . the man be suddenly wake by a wave which be bigger than the other and which shatter he boat . the man be wash up on a beach . he 's save . 1.1 . Exploration of the island and its beauty . his survival be ensure . it 's the first day on the island . the man have fall asleep on the beach . his foot be lie on the sand , motionless . a crab nip it . the man wake up with a start , jump to he foot , and look around . the beach seem to stretch to either end of the island . Day have break and the sun be bright . the man see something a bit further away . he start run along the shore . but what he take to be a human body be only a rock , half - bury under the sand . he have reach the far end of the beach . he continue he exploration by the rock when a noise make he jump . it 's a seal sit on a rock below . the animal dive . the man start walk again . he enter some thick bush and walk among the close branch of a forest of bamboo tree . a bird fly away as he go past . the man see some water catch in some leave on the ground and kneel down to drink it . then , again , he be alert by a noise , a presence . he pick up a branch to use as a weapon . but it 's just the rain . a sudden downpour . screenplay 1 . the Red turtle the man carry on walk among the bamboo tree . he climb a hill which take he to the high point of the island . it 's a hillock , a overhange rock from where he can see both side of the island . the island be not very big . it 's welcoming with its luxuriant vegetation , but it seem desert . no sign anywhere of any human presence . the man call out from the top of the hillock , but there 's no reply . the man have start walk the other way , among the bamboo tree . there 's a gap a bit further on . a clear ? the man go over to it . it 's a waterhole , a little pond , hemmed in by vegetation . Fresh water . the man dive in and drink , the water up to he ear . just then , he see something : a tree , fruit , a breadfruit tree . he climb up the tree , knock some fruit down , and eat he fill . through the tall foliage , three bird fly past in the cloud . fade to black . 1.2 . the island and its danger . the desire to leave . another day . the man climb over some rock to explore the other side of the island . he jump in midair between two rock . he have reach the far end of the island and look around he . there be a barrel in the sea below , the remain of a shipwreck . he turn back to go down to ¢erra firma , but he foot slip . he slide along the rock , try in vain to stop himself , and fall from a dizzy height . he land in a waterhole between two steep rock . impossible to climb back up . the rock be too smooth , and the incline be too sheer . the man try he luck by the sea . he plunge under the water and soon discover that there be no way through there either : a almost horizontal rock seem to block he way between the two rock . he go back to the surface and look around for another way - out , but to no avail . he go back under the water and risk he all . he dive into the tight passageway between the rock . the gulley be narrow and it look like the screenplay 2 . the Red turtle man might get stick , unable to get past the obstacle or to get back . he will soon run out of oxygen ... but the man 's hand appear on the other side , then he whole body . the man race to the surface and hoist himself up onto a flat rock . safe and sound . bird fly past in the sky . the man swim behind the barrel . he pick it up and bring it back to the beach , but the barrel smashes into a thousand piece . the man be vex . as he look at the horizon , another idea come into he head . he head into the forest , start to pick up bamboo stick and bring they back to the beach . night fall . the man lie down on the sand . it 's be a long day . a tiny turtle appear on the sand . the man pick it up , look at it closely , then put it down again . the baby turtle scurries toward the sea . just then , another and another , then soon myriad baby turtles hatch in the sand . they all rush toward the sea which sparkles in the moonlight . it be a epic race . the sea be nearby , but they still have to reach it , and the baby be tiny . the man watch they race until the last baby turtle disappear into the wave . he remain alone , face the endless ocean . how he too would love to leave . the man , who have fall asleep on the beach , wake up in the middle of the night , as if grip by a strange feel . there 's something on the water . he hurry over to it . it 's a bridge . a huge bridge make of bamboo on pile which seem to stretch right across the ocean . the man run onto the bridge , dance for joy . he race away . when he wake up on the beach , the sea be dead calm , a vast , glassy expanse of water . screenplay 3 . the Red turtle it be just a dream . the man peer at the horizon , then lie down again , sad and alone . fade to black 1.3 . first attempt to leave on a raft . foil by a unknown force . Day break over the island . on the sand , a crab catch sight of a baby turtle which die just before it reach the water 's edge . the crab bring it back to its hole . the man be further away , finish building he raft . all that 's leave now be to launch it . but the raft be too far from the shore . the man push and pull , to no avail . in the end , he lay out a series of bamboos perpendicular to the raft to roll it over they . crab scuttle among the bamboos . the man be sit high up on the beach . he eat some fruit from the breadfruit tree . a colony of crab go over to he , eager for food . the man hold out a piece of fruit to the first crab which come begging . the crab grab it and scurries off , the other crab in tow . the man watch they disappear over the top of the hill , then go past he , come the other way . later . as the crab look on , the man get ready to leave . he push the raft to the coral reef , then haul himself onboard . he be still very near the island when he be alert by a noise . the man look up . just then , something hit the flimsy boat . it seem to come from under the water . the man look over the side . but already a second blow , much harder than the first , shatter the raft . the man fall into the water . he dive , look around , but can not see anything . screenplay 4 . the Red turtle he come back up to the surface and go back to the island . four crab have come out of they hole and be look at the sea , no doubt at the return man . suddenly , they scuttle back to they hole . but there be only three hole for four crab . the first three to arrive take possession of the three hole . the fourth run flat out from one occupy hole to another . in the end , it dive into the sand , just before the man 's foot land on it . the man exit the frame ; the four crab reappear . the man go back to the top of the beach . he yell out , furious at the unknown force which stop he leave . then he disappear again into the bamboos , determine to go back to work without delay . he be pick up a bamboo when he hear something on the beach . or rather he be alert by a sudden absence of sound . as if nature have suddenly fall silent . he hurry over there , but he can not see anything disturbing the usual calm of the place . the crab be look at the sea . the man go over to the shore . could there be a slight movement in the water ? the man have go back to work . he put a number of bamboos on the beach to build another raft . the building work progress well . he soon go back to the water , go past the coral reef again , and head out to the open sea . this time , he should make it . and yet , he hear something again . he stick he head under the water , on the look -out . he look closely . nothing . time seem freeze for a moment . just when the danger seem to have pass , the raft be strike . the thing seem to be come from under the water , a sort of invisible sea monster . the raft explode . the man sink . the man emerge amid the remain of the shattered raft . he manage to swim to the coral reef and pause to catch he breath . he cough . he 's not feel great . screenplay 5 . the Red turtle bird fly past in the sky . 1.4 . fever and despair . the animal . the man return to the island , spitting copiously . his last escape attempt exhaust he . he be alone , desperate , and injure . the wind be pick up , bend the tree and send sand and leave fly on the beach . the man lie down on the sand and curl up . later . bird fly past in the sky . the wind have die down . the man be lie on he back in the shade of the bamboos . he seem incapable of movement . exhausted and absent , he look at the sky through the foliage . the sun set above the sea , on the horizon . later . a enormous centipede crawl over the dead leave and the man 's motionless foot . he do not react . he seem to be in a sort of feverish coma . for that who inhabit the island , life carry on in a strange fusion with the sick , absent man . eat or be eat , kill or be kill — that 's nature 's way . at the water 's edge , two crab fight over a dead fish . further away , a spider wait for a fly to get catch in its web . ant come and go on the man 's motionless arm . he be lie on he belly in the bamboo forest . night fall . bat fly over the landscape in the already dark twilight sky . a bat fly around in circle above the foliage . its spread wing stand out clearly , black shadow against the dark grey sky . it 's nighttime . behind the bush and the bamboos which line the beach , eye appear . there 's no way of know who they belong to . screenplay 6 . the Red turtle they look closely at the man . wait for he death ? to eat he too ? we come closer . the round , unblink , vaguely threaten eye be still stare . in the sky , cloud pass in front of the almost full moon . suddenly , almost heavenly music can be hear . the man open one eye . he hear it and start listen to it . he struggle to he foot and head for the music on the beach . musician be sit there by the water 's edge . the man run over to they . they be a string quartet wear tuxedo . as he reach the quartet , they disappear . the man turn around . no , they be elsewhere , they foot in the water . he run over to they . the musician disappear . it be only a dream , a dismal mirage . the man go back onto the beach . he cry and wail , alone and abandon . fade to black . 1.5. 3rd attempt with the raft . appearance of the turtle . another day have dawn on the island . the man appear on he knee , exhaust , among the bush which line the pond . he plunge he head in the water to drink and clear he head . still convalesc , he walk through the bamboos , then remain sit for a long while in the water , lean against a rock . later . he have start to build another raft when he happen upon a dead seal near the rock . he skin the animal , wash it with plenty of water , and dry it in the sun . at nightfall , he make a jacket or trousers out of it . screenplay 7 . the Red turtle another day . a crab scuttle among the stick of bamboo on the new raft . the man cast off and climb onto the boat . the crab be onboard , determine to leave with he . the man drive they away . the crab turn back to the beach and watch the raft depart . on the raft , the man be on the look -out . the boat move along slowly as there be not much wind . then , again the danger appear . and for the first time , the man see it . it 's a enormous red turtle which seem to want he raft to sink every time . the man ready he weapon , try to get the upper hand in the fight , but to no avail . once again , the monstrous turtle come up from the depth and shatter the raft . the man fall into the water and sink straight to the bottom . when he be under the water , the monster swim up to he , scare he . after sink the man 's raft , will it try to kill he ? the man curl up and head for the depth . but the enormous turtle keep come closer . the man hide he face . through he finger , he can see the turtle 's enormous head and round eye stare at he . then , suddenly , for no apparent reason , the turtle swim away . the man come back to the surface , gasp for breath . he 's have the fright of he life . screenplay 8 . the Red turtle part ii . the man and the woman-turtle . ii . 1 . murder of the turtle and bitter regret . the man return to the island , beside himself with rage . fear have give way to anger . he throw a rock into the water and shake a bamboo furiously . he be yell he rage at the hillside when he see it again . the turtle be on the beach , on he territory . the man race down . he come out of a copse , armed with a bamboo , run over to the turtle , and hit it with all he strength . the stick break with the force of the blow . the seagull overhead caw at the violence of he act . he lift up the turtle 's shell , brace himself and , with he anger give he the strength of ten , manage to turn it onto its back . but that 's still not enough for he . now he jump on its belly like a child have a tantrum , then throw sand into its face before stride away . he dive into the sea and bathes for a long time , as if wash he hand of it , to forget he act or to regain he self - control . bird fly above the wave . the sun be at its zenith . the man come back from he swim . the crab scuttle away as he go past . he walk around the turtle and carry on walk . he start building another raft , a few yard away from the turtle which be still on its back and look a sorry sight . it 's the middle of the afternoon , the sun be beat down . the turtle 's agony must be terrible , but the man do not want to think about it . he glance at it from afar , then go fishing for he evening meal . when he come back from he swim at dusk , the crab scurry away as he go past : the man be dangerous . and yet he anger have at last subside . he go over to the turtle , touch its paw and its strange skin . screenplay 9 . the Red turtle a few insect buzz around the animal . its paw be no longer move . maybe it 's at death 's door . the man hesitates : should he save it ? he go and sit down nearby and hold he head in he hand . the crab seize this opportunity to pounce on he catch lie at he foot . then , all of a sudden , in the middle of the night , the turtle fly away . the man run behind it . he try to stop it , but it climb ever higher in the sky . the man wake up . it be just a dream . he run over to the turtle which be still lie motionless on its back , die . he knee down next to it , touch its leg , and try with all he strength to turn it over onto its belly , but to no avail . it seem heavier than it be before , or maybe the man 's strength have diminish . the man see the turtle 's head lolling wretchedly . he run to fetch he bamboo container and sprinkle some seawater on its face . he do this several time , but the animal do not stir . the man kneel down beside it , shattered . see from above , the man and the turtle , very close to one another , form a strange hybrid creature . ii . 2 . half -woman , half -turtle . Care and attention . the man and the turtle have fall asleep on the sand , head to tail . at the first light of dawn , a sinister crack wake the man . he sit up and stare : the turtle 's shell have split almost right across its belly . it 's a horrible sight . the man turn to the sea , feel numb and wretch . what do you do when you be so sad about a death you yourself cause ? just then , it happen . when the man look at the turtle again , there 's a woman 's arm instead of the leg . and a woman 's face and leg be stick out of the shell . he instinctively recoil . the thing be just too supernatural . be it another mirage ? but the woman be still there , she eye close , show no reaction . screenplay 10 . the Red turtle the man walk around she , peer at she . be she alive ? he kneel down , touch she forehead , and bring he ear close to the woman 's mouth . he can feel she breath on he cheek . she be breathe gently but regularly . the man get up to fetch some fresh water . as he go past , he pick up the bamboo container , realize that it 's heavier than usual , throw onto the sand the two or three crab that have seek refuge in it , and head for the waterhole . the crab approach the half - woman half - turtle creature and look at she face which be turn to they . the man get some fresh water from the pond , then come back to the woman . he kneel down , put a arm under she neck , and try to give she a drink . but she mouth be close . a trickle of fresh water run down she chin . her lip have barely even be moisten . the sun appear behind the tall tree . soon the woman will be too hot . the man pick up a few branch among the bamboos and bring they back to the beach . a crab run after he to steal a twig . the man hurriedly build a little canopy that he cover with a branch . from above , he can see the woman 's face through the foliage . he shift slightly to get a better view of she . later . the man have finish he canopy . a few branch be enough to give the woman 's body some welcome shade . two crab play around they , chase after each other . two bird fly past in the sky . it 's evening . the man kneel down near the woman 's face . he put he hand on she forehead and dampen it with some water . now he sit cross -legge near the canopy . he watch over she like a sentinel . screenplay 11 . the Red turtle the woman seem to be in a deep , almost comatose sleep . her face be calm and gentle as two fly buzz around above she . see from above , the man keep watch over she as he look out to sea . fade to black ii . 3 . the woman wake up and disappear . the island stir to rain , in the grey early morning light . raindrop land on the succulent leave of the tropical plant . a lizard slide between the rock to take shelter . the man , who have fall asleep near the canopy , be wake . the woman be still there , motionless . raindrop drip through the canopy . the man rearrange a half - fall branch and go to fetch other to protect she better . but the rain be a godsend . it drip everywhere like a life force . it creep under the canopy , into the crack in the shell , onto the woman 's lip , and onto she hand which move at last ... when the man come back , weigh down with branch , only the shell be still there . the woman have disappear . the man run to the shore . have she go back into the sea ? he walk along the water 's edge , scour the wave on the horizon . the hard rain make the sea inhospitable . and suddenly , another idea come into he head . the man change direction . he walk across part of the bamboo forest and go to the waterhole . the rain have stop . the man look around . in the sunlight , three frog jump into the pond . yes , there be footstep on the muddy path . the mark of bare foot . hers , no doubt about it . screenplay 12 . the Red turtle the man hurry over there . he follow the footprint which go through a thick bush which he go through . the man walk along , search , scour the ground . but in vain . the footprint have disappear . the man carry on look , without hold out too much hope . on the beach , a wave ebb at nightfall . the man be sit on the sand . he lie down . the night be at a end . the man wake up . do he hear something ? he look around he ... that 's when he see she . she 's a bit further away , bathing , water up to she shoulder . the man jump to he foot in delight . he go over to she . but he frighten she . the woman bend down . only she eye be visible above the waterline . the man stop short . he gesture at she to make she understand he will not hurt she . then , she realize she 's naked . and modest . he take off he shirt , put it on the sand , and walk discreetly away to the bamboos . he wait , listen closely . when he come back to the beach , the woman have go again . he go over to the glassy sea , then turn on he heel . he look for she inland , more calmly this time , look almost serene . he walk through the bamboo forest and climb the mound . he sit on the top , wait . just then , he see she on the beach below , just as he see the turtle the first time . she have put on he shirt and be pull she shell over the sand to put it in the water . she look up and see the man stare at she . time stand still as they exchange they first real glance . screenplay 13 . the Red turtle ii . 4 . first token of love . the man hurry down the slope . he 's afraid he will lose she again . from the shore , he watch she enter the water , push she shell in front of she . the man be worried that she have decide to return to the sea for good , but no , the woman turn around , exchange a glance with he , and carry on . it 's like a beautiful , move , solemn ritual . the woman go past the coral reef , take she shell as far as possible , then push it out to sea . now the young woman return to the beach , far away from the man , avoid he . she walk off toward the bamboo forest . the man stand there , not really know what to do . he look at the horizon , then he see the raft he 's building . he hurry over to it . yes , that 's what he will do : he will put he raft to sea , too . as a token of he love and of they equal status . he push the raft , but suddenly he hesitates , he stop what he 's do , and he stand back ... then , with a determine gesture , he go back to put the raft in the water . from afar , hide behind the line of bamboos , the woman watch he . her eye shine exactly like that of the creature which watch the man in he sleep . she see the man go past the coral reef and push he raft out to sea . be that the flicker of a smile on the woman 's face ? the man float on he back , like a human raft . night have fall . he see the canopy of heaven above he and a intense feel of joy wash over he . he slide under the water and swim in acrobatic movement . just then , the woman join he underwater . she come close to the man , change direction , and turn around he happily . the man look at she , equally delighted , even though he do not dare to go too close to she . screenplay 14 . the Red turtle the woman go back up to the surface . she wait for he , then carry on swim . the man and the woman go back to the island in the moonlight . the man and the woman have reach the coral reef . the woman stand on the surface above the water ; she seem to know the place well . she be lean over a rock , pull off a mussel . the man look at she in surprise . but he surprise be even great when he see the woman swiftly open the mussel with a empty shell find on the ground , then gulp it raw . the young woman look up at he and hand he out a open mussel . she smile . the man hesitates for a moment . he accept the mussel and eat it as the woman look at he . she keep on open mussel . the man be fascinate by the young woman . suddenly , he 's overwhelm by a think . he turn away , and in a mute flash back , he see again the moment when he violently hit the turtle with a bamboo . this horrible gesture awake a strong shame in he . he raise he head towards the woman . he feel sad and hide he face in he hand . the woman look at he for a moment , motionless ; then , slowly , she pull the man 's hand away from he face . she delicately touch he forehead and draw he profile with she finger : the forehead , the nose and the lip . as if she want to show she tenderness and discover he face in a single gesture . the woman slowly take she hand away ; she stand up and enter into the water of the lagoon , head to the beach . the man be surprised . he also stand up and follow she . the couple walk in a field by the pond , a field of high grass bath by the light of the moon . cricket be quietly sing and the air do not move . the woman stop and turn back to the man . he come close to she . they hug ... ii . 5 . they fly . Music . the man and the woman fly in the air . look at each other . we do not really know anymore if we be above or below they , in the air or in the water . screenplay 15 . the Red turtle they body come closer , in a irresistible physical attraction . lap dissolve bird fly past in the sky . lap dissolve some wonderful landscape of the island . bird fly . screenplay 16 . the Red turtle part III . the child . III . 1 . childhood . ebb and flow of a wave on the beach . a little crab appear , come out of its hole in the sand . a child come up . he be a few month old , maybe nine or ten month , less than a year old . he walk on all four , but move fast . he notice the crab which be scurrying to its hole for shelter . the child follow it , rummages in the hole with its hand , pull out the crab and put it in he mouth . that 's no way to go about it . the crab pinch he , or wriggle in he mouth . the taste be unpleasant , and the child spit the crab onto the sand . then carry on go . a seagull dive down on the half - dead little crab and carry it off . one or two year later . the child be two or three year old . he be sit astride he father 's shoulder . the family be all together : the mother , the father , and the son . they be walk together along the shore , by the water 's edge . they have stop in the middle of the beach . the man and the woman be sit on the sand , make or mend a net . the child be nearby , play with the sand . then , he attention be catch by something near the sea and he run off . when the mother realize he have go , she get up and look for he . the child be further away , by the water 's edge . something be of great interest to he , a object wash up by the tide . it 's a bottle . screenplay 17 . the Red turtle the child try to grab it when a wave wash over he foot and drive he away . the wave ebb . the child come back . he pick up the bottle ( it 's empty ; there 's no message in it ) and run off so he do not get soak by the next wave . the child go back to he parent to show they he spoil . it 's a strange object when you have never see glass or a bottle before . the mother show he how to take the top off . the child play with it . take it off and put it back on again . it 's fun . then he turn to he father , give he a inquire look . he seem to be ask he where this object come from and what it 's do there . the father stand up and start to draw on the wet sand . first , they island , which be easy to recognize by its shape and its inhabitant : three figure , two big , one small . then , further away , a much bigger land , more inhabitant , unknown animal ( a horse , a elephant , etc . ) . the mother come over . she draw too , but between the two land : the sea and its fish . the child go from one to the other , look closely at each draw , each place . he can not seem to believe it . a little later . see from a child 's point of view , the wave seem much bigger . the child paddle in the water , uttering little scream . he pull in he stomach against the wave , tiny though they be . it 's the first time he 's dare to venture into the water . his father and he mother hold he hand be on either side . the three of they stop when the water reach the child 's waist . they look at the horizon and at the great unknown that the child now find desirable . screenplay 18 . the Red turtle one or two year later . seagull fly over the rock which make up one of the two end of the island . the mother be there , lean over a crevice in the rock . there 's a wild plant she 's try to pick . she be join by the father and the child ( who be now about four or five year old ) . the father hand a basket to he wife who put the plant in it while the child walk off to the edge of rock . he look at the horizon , then at the sea below : a turtle be float on the water . the child point it out to he parent in delight . he sit on the rock to get a longer look at it when some seagull fly past , caw , and cause he to lose he balance . the child slip ... then fall down the cliff . he find himself in the waterhole , between two steep rock face , where he father have fall a few year before . the parent be horrify . the father be about to slide down after he , but the mother stop he . the child sink , then recover and swim underwater , explore the crevice . when he resurface , he mother gesture at he from the top of the cliff to turn back : he should be able to get through the underwater gully . the child take a deep breath , then dive down to the depth . it go pretty well . he enter the gully , like he 's be bear gain , then emerge on the other side of the rock . he be swim up to the surface when he see the turtle which be now underwater , too . the child hurry back up . do the animal frighten he ? no , he just catch he breath , then go back underwater . screenplay 19 . the Red turtle he approach the turtle . he try to swim around it , but the animal do likewise . they turn slowly around , not take they eye off each other . like a silent face - to- face in which they discover and get to know one another . the father be hurry down the rocky slope when the child 's head reappear above the wave . he dive to join he and hug he , watch by the mother who have now reach the flat rock at the foot of the cliff . later . it 's evening or late afternoon . the mother be sit at the top of the beach . the child have fall asleep in she arm , wear out by the excitement of he day . the young woman look at the sea serenely . then suddenly , she see something . she look , a vague smile on she face . maybe she even stand up , she child in she arm , to have a closer look . two turtles go past in the distance . we see the top of they back and they head above the waterline . much further away , the moon look like it be float on the horizon . fade to black III . 2 . adolescence . a flock of bird fly in front of the cloud . they go past the big breadfruit tree up which the boy have climb . he be now 12 or 13 . he be hang from a branch , as agile as a monkey , and drop a fruit to he father at the foot of the tree who catch it . the fruit be heavy . the father put it down beside he . but already another fruit fall on he unannounced . the father jump back . it nearly hit he on the head . the father shout at he son to be careful . screenplay 20 . the Red turtle the boy be so involved in what he be do that he have not see the danger . when he realize what happen , he pull a funny face : half - concerned , half - laugh . a little later . the father and son come back through the field , weigh down with fruit . suddenly , the son rub he father 's head . it be quite unexpected . the father retaliate . they put down the biggest fruit and start to run after each other . they fall down , play - fight , throw a fruit or two at each other and laugh they head off . rapid fade to black one or two year later . a general view of the part of the island where the rock rise up at the base of the crevice . a tiny figure jump from rock to rock . we move in closer . it 's the boy , he 's now about 14 . he run along , without look at he foot , in a feel of total freedom , as if he know every stone , every crack in the rock , every slope on this side of the island . when he reach the edge of the cliff , he run and jump , diving into the sea . it 's a perfect , virtuoso dive . the young man 's head emerge out of the water , then he swim off rapidly toward the open sea . under the water . the boy swim just below the surface , above a patch of underwater seaweed . he approach it , brush against the seaweed with he stomach . it 's a pleasant sensation . the child laugh . everything be move and sparkling as the sun filter through the water and the underwater current make the patch of seaweed sway like a wheat field . the boy swim closer to the seab . he pick a little bit of seaweed and eat it contentedly . screenplay 21 . the Red turtle the young man 's head shoot out of the water . he catch he breath , then glance behind he to get he bearing . the island be in the background , but a long way away . we may have never see it from so far away . the boy dive in again and swim even further out . under the water . he see a octopus , its tentacles flail , swim in front of he . he have fun chase it . the octopus speed up . the race do not appeal to it . the child swim ever deeper after the animal . ( the further we get from the island , the great the underwater depth become . ) the sand appear . a few coral reef and starfish . in the end , the octopus manage to slide its whole body into a tiny hole thanks to the lack of a skeleton . it 's a impressive sight . the child approach the hole to have a look , but already he attention be catch by something else . a gigantic shadow partly cover the underwater seascape . the boy look up . he catch sight of two turtles swim on the surface toward the open sea . the child swim up toward they as fast as he can . on the surface . the child swim between the two turtles . further and further out . he study they in turn , delighted with they company , then follow they when they decide to dive . under the water . here , the seab be too deep to be reach . but that 's not what interest he . for soon the two turtles join a group of they fellow creature . there be maybe ten or fifteen of they . Babies and adult . Big one and small one . screenplay 22 . the Red turtle the turtles swim lazily just below the surface , all different size and age . he have never see so many . the boy come back up to the surface for air , then dive again to join they . later in the day . on the beach , the father be worried . night be fall and the child still be not back . he peer at the horizon , but can not see he . the father join he wife a little higher up on the beach . he gesture expansively ; he seem agitate , worried , feverish . the mother be calmer . she look out to sea , shading she eye with one hand . confident that the boy will be back . it 's just a matter of time . the father decide to go off in search of he . anything rather than wait , not do anything . he unty a little raft which they probably use for fishing and which be by the water 's edge , and set off . he have a long bamboo stick to make the flimsy boat move . from the beach , the mother watch the father on he raft . he be go past the coral reef . from the sea , the boy , who be swim toward the island , see he father in the distance and gesture to he joyfully . the father 's raft and the boy reach other . the father yell at he son . he grab he and pull he onto the raft . the boy look a bit sheepish . the raft return to the beach . the boy be sit cross -legge at the front . he turn he back on he father who be maneuver with he stick at the rear . rapid fade to black a new day dawns on the island . it 's a calm , carefree day . two bird fly together . elsewhere in the sky , a bat fly towards the island , towards we . screenplay 23 . the Red turtle it 's a male . he approach a big tree from the branch of which a female bat be hang upside down , leg in the air . the male land beside she . the female move away a bit . the male fly off . he hover around the female , then land much nearer she this time . the female do not move away . they be almost touch , they head upside down . another day . in the field near the pond . it have be raining , but it have stop now . a raindrop slide down a leaf and fall onto the wet grass . we move in closer . two snail be on the ground , on bright green leave which be still glisten with moisture . they be big snail , a bit like sea snail . one of the snail stick to the other 's shell . a sort of trunk come out of its body and insert itself under the other 's shell . they mate . another day , or later on . a mate ritual be conduct in the water of the pond . a male frog hop into the pond and join a female frog . she watch the male come , but take off as soon as he reach she . the male swim after she . the muscle of they back leg relax in almost synchronous movement . then suddenly , the female slow down . the male turn , join she , and press tight against she . they swim together , cling to each other . another day . or the same one . the son be sit by himself at the top of the beach . it 's the middle of the afternoon . two year have pass since he underwater excursion . he be now 16 . he be sculpting a piece of wood with a sharp stone . but he stop , daydream . he seem melancholy . screenplay 24 . the Red turtle further away , on the beach , two crab chase each other . then they press themselves against one another . later . it 's the end of the day . the boy be still in the same place , more or less in the same position . only the daylight have change . he can not have move for hour . he pick up the bottle next to he , have a drink of water , then raise the bottle in front of he eye . he have fun , make the horizon coincide with the water level in the bottle . fade to black III . 3 . the tsunami — the family separate . it 's a ordinary day . the whole family be pick up shellfish off the coral reef . the son be now a young man , he 's 18 . the atmosphere be strange , electric . bird whirl in the sky . kneel by a rock , the boy watch they , shading he eye with one hand . then he stand up , put the shellfish he 's pick up in they basket , grab the almost empty bottle next to it and head for the beach to fill it . he cross the stretch of water which link the coral reef to the island , a little surprised to see that the water level seem to have go down . the mother , also kneel down , watch he go away without give it a second think , then look up at the sky . a flock of bird now fly past , caw . the boy have reach the beach . he go to the waterhole , also look up at the bird as they fly past he . the edge of the water have shift . it 's very strange . it seem that it be ebbing very slowly toward the open sea . Three or four crab be there , on the wet sand . screenplay 25 . the Red turtle they look at the sea , then they too move back slowly , or disappear into they hole . once the bird have go past , silence descend again . we hear more clearly than ever the tiny sound of the crab ' leg on the sand . the son stride along , head for the pond , walk alongside the field which border the bamboo forest . suddenly , he stop and listen . we can not hear anything . the sound of the sea have grow fainter , give way to a big lull , as if nature have fall silent . the young man look up at the sky , then carry on walk , perplex . on the coral reef , the father have stand up . with hand on hip , he watch in surprise the stretch of water by the beach , the level of which have go down again . the mother , who be still kneel and hard at work , stand up to join he as the father walk a few pace to get a better view . there be only a few inch of water leave . the fish be almost high and dry . the father snatch one . the mother who have stay on the coral reef watch he , then look up at the sky . we hear a sort of rumbling , like a continuous but very distant bass . a storm somewhere far away ? but the sky be clear . now the woman turn to the sea . she look at the horizon , she face worried , perplex , watchful . the horizon do not look quite normal . there be a darker grey line between the sky and the sea . the son be now near the pond . he plunge he bottle in the water , prick up he ear as he fill it . something be wrong . a distant , incomprehensible sound , like a rumbling which keep get louder . it seem to be come from the beach , from the sea . the young man turn to the path he come from . the noise keep grow , the rumbling be get closer . the sound slowly get louder as he put he bottle near the pond , then he start run to the beach as fast as he can . the mother 's face look terror-stricken . it 's a wave , a tsunami . the wave be there on the horizon , distant yet close . still distant yet far too close . when you can see it , it 's already almost too late . the woman run as if possess . she grab the man by the arm as she go past . he start run too , though he do not really understand what the danger be . they run on the wet sand , between puddle which be all that remain of the stretch of water which link the coral reef to the beach . screenplay 26 . the Red turtle the father turn around . that 's when he see it . he stop for a moment , hypnotize by the wave 's beauty despite the danger . it be very close now . the woman join she husband , pull he along by the arm . they run from the ever-grow wave . the son have take the shortest route . he rush through the bamboos . the mother and father run , too . we can only see they leg and the reflection of they run in the shallow water cover the sand . they seem to be gain ground . but just as they exit the frame , the wave come hurtle after they . it 's catch up , it 's only a matter of second now . the son have nearly reach the last few foot of the bamboo forest when he trip over a bamboo which be half - bury under the vegetation . he go sprawling on the ground , then pick himself up hurriedly . he race to the beach , emerge from the curtain of bamboos . that 's when he too see it . the wave be there . come to the top of the beach , like a gallop monster . the son turn on he heel . he run among the bamboos , the wave close behind . one after the other , like a stack of card , the foliage of the bamboos bend under the force of the blow . the wave get everywhere . it 's here and there , destroy everything in its path . the boy try to hang onto a bamboo which be suddenly rip out of the ground by the wave . the bamboo be carry away by the flood , and the boy along with it . now it 's the turn of the pond and its surroundings to be invade by the wave . the water level rise . the camera be almost submerge . but suddenly it stop . almost abruptly . it 's a vast field of muddy water with tear - out bamboo stick float on the surface . then , with unexpected violence , it go in the other direction . the wave ebb . screenplay 27 . the Red turtle it cross the landscape from the pond and continue toward the sea . and then it 's over . it have go . there be dead animal here and there . a enormous lifeless centipede float just below the surface . a crab on its belly . not a single bamboo be still stand . they be all tear out of the ground and slice up , rhizome in the air . a pile of bamboos have form in the middle of nowhere . a crazy construction , a catastrophic stack , a giant 's game of jackstraw . the boy be there , bury under the bamboo stick . but alive . he slip between the crack , climb out . he emerge almost at the top of the mountain of bamboos . and look at the island 's apocalyptic landscape which stretch out at he foot . absolutely everything be ruin . the boy go down cautiously . he cross what must have be part of the bamboo forest and which be now a scene of desolation . he look around for the slight sign of a human presence . he run , stop , look around , then carry on go to the beach . he jump over the hillock at the top of the beach and hurtle down the sandy slope . he stop at the water 's edge which have go back to its old position , but be now so full of dead wood , bamboo , and plant debris of all sort that the place be barely recognizable . he look around in horror . he turn he head leave and right . he scan the beach in search of he parent , but can not see anything resembling a body . like he , they must have be carry inland by the wave . the young man carry on look further inland . screenplay 28 . the Red turtle he dodge the puddle , call out , racing through the devastate landscape . no sign anywhere . he climb a first hillock and shout out to he mother and father . but he do not get any reply . he climb higher . he run up the hill and call out again when he get to the high point on the island . he look around , but can not see anything . but there 's no question of give up . he go down the hill and cross other landscape . there ! be that indistinct mass in the middle of large puddle a body ? he hurry over . but no , it 's just a rock stick out . the boy continue he journey . where should he go now ? again , he head for the beach as if he could not stop return to the place he last see they . it start to rain . a fine rain that drench you . he go down the sandy slope , then decide this time to cover the whole beach along the shore . over there , in a corner of the dune with the uproote bamboos ? there 's something there . a vague color dot which could be a item of clothing . he turn and head over there . yes ! it 's he mother . she 's lie huddle up . he bend over she , scared . but she 's alive . only she leg and she face be wounded . she sit up vaguely . she 's in shock , incredulous and confuse . she glance behind she at the island , she island , which be just a field of ruin . her son take she by the shoulder and turn she to face he . her son try to pick she up , but she push he away : she can take care of herself but the son have to find he father as fast as possible . the child go away . screenplay 29 . the Red turtle the woman struggle to stand up . she look like she strength have run out . just then , the boy reappear . he take she in he arm and hug she . and he set off . he have go . he cross the stretch of water to the coral reef as best as he can , push aside all the debris . he climb onto it and look at the ocean . III . 4 . the tsunami . the family reunite . then , he dive . Three turtles accompany he , precede he . they all swim together on the surface . it 's still raining and there 's a lot of debris . the first turtle dive under the water . then the other two , then the young man . they continue they journey just below the waterline . night fall on this strange procession which disappear almost at the horizon . later . the boy have stop in the middle of the ocean . the search be make more difficult by the darkness . but he see something . it 's the last line of bamboo debris . seemingly the final point of the ebbing wave . if he father be anywhere , he 's there . he swim over to it . he be in among the debris , alone in the middle of the ocean , at night , and even he who know the sea and its pleasure and danger so well feel a little lose and abandon . what if he never find he father ? he look leave and right , but can not see anything . finally , he dive again . he come across the turtles , hang onto one of they and come out on the other side of the line . even further out to sea . the sun rise , just above the horizon . screenplay 30 . the Red turtle the light be pearly , the sea be glassy . it look like a scene from another world : limbo . the child have fall asleep , he head lean on a turtle 's shell which be just above the water . he wake up and look at the sun and the horizon . over there be a tiny dot . we move in closer . the father be there , he arm clutching a bamboo . only he face be stick out of the water . his eye be close and he seem to be asleep . but maybe he 's in a deeper sleep . the man hear heavenly music in the middle of which a distant cry call he . it 's time . he see the incandescent white light of the sky . he 's dissolve into this whiteness . but the cry become insistent . the man open one eye . he see he son in the distance . be it he son or a mirage ? he wave vaguely at he , which be a big mistake . he have let go of the bamboo . nothing be hold he up anymore . the image of he son above the water appear for a moment , then the sea flood the screen . the man sink like a stone . he do not resist anymore . he do not have enough strength to . sinking , that 's he destiny . a turtle swim up under the water at full speed . it slide under the man 's body . another turtle appear , then another , then the boy . together , they take the man 's body to the surface . they bring he near he bamboo and put he down . the man seem more dead than alive . yet he be alive . later . on the coral reef , the mother be watch and wait like a sentinel . she see they . she jump headlong into the water . she hug she husband tightly . screenplay 31 . the Red turtle the island be devastate . Three figure move slowly in the middle of what be the bamboo forest . the son support he father , help he walk . the mother look sadly at the landscape around she , then take hold of she husband 's hand . in the sky , the bird have return . later . it 's the end of the day . the son gut fish , hum softly to himself with he mouth shut . the mother join he . she sit down next to he and prepare the evening meal with he . the father be lie down a few foot away from they . he sit up . he 's exhaust , but he already seem to have recover some of he strength . the family have find refuge at the top of the island which be not affect by the wave . all three of they be there . together . alive . fade to black III . 5 . after the tsunami . in the follow day or week , the family get down to clean the island . thing need rebuild . ( this short sequence can be harmonize by some music which would prolong and accentuate the melody hummed by the son during the previous scene . ) the first scene take place near the pond . it 's a day or two after the disaster . it 's very sunny once more . screenplay 32 . the Red turtle the waterhole be almost completely overrun by debris of all kind . you can barely see where it start and end . the son be in the water , take out the biggest branch . the mother and father have a net which they use from time to time for fishing and which we see they make on the beach the day the son find the bottle . they be on either side of the stretch of water and skim the surface with the net to pick up as many leave and debris as possible . a few day or week later . in the bamboo forest . on one side of the path , the mother pick up stick and rhizome and make neat pile . she seem to be use considerable energy . on the other side , the father and son carry a enormous bundle of bamboo stick as best they can . they take it to the beach , to the end of what be a vast bamboo forest and which be now a sort of open field , dot with shoot a few inch high . bird fly past in the sky , above the island 's landscape which have change quite a lot since the catastrophe . a few day later . on the beach . it 's the middle of the day . there be two big fire burn , quite far from each other . the father be in charge of the one further away , the son the nearer one . the mother come and go between the beach and the hill , bring new debris to fuel the fire . the father and son throw everything that can be burn on the fire : bamboo debris , rhizome , dead leave and branch from bush . they do not really have any tool to get the fire go or to contain it . when necessary , they use bamboo stick which they regularly wet in seawater . the son go over to he gigantic fire to throw on a new load of plant debris . he be drip in sweat . end of the music ? ( or at the start of the next scene ) screenplay 33 . the Red turtle later . near the pond . the vegetation all around still have not grow back , but the pond itself be look in better shape . the son be kneel beside the water . he cup some water in he hand and splashes it on he face . then , he go closer and drink out of he hand . that 's when he see something at the bottom of the water which have become more or less transparent again . it sparkles brightly . we move in closer . the bottle be at the bottom of the pond , half - bury in the muddy earth , near a aquatic plant . tiny tadpole wriggle past . the son 's hand enter the water , grab the bottle , and bring it up to the surface . rapid fade to black . another day . on the beach , there be no sign of the big bonfire anymore . it 's late afternoon . the son be sit at the top of the beach , he bottle next to he . he lie down . the son be wake by a distant rumbling . he jump to he foot and look at the sea . yes , a wave be approach . but it 's not as high and be go more slowly than the one from the first tsunami . the boy enter the water . he go to meet the wave . slowly . as if it be the only thing to do . the wave seem almost motionless . wait . but as soon as the boy enter it , it rise , like a long intake of breath . it rise higher and higher . the boy be first lift up by the wave , then soon , he be swallow up by it . screenplay 34 . the Red turtle he continue to rise up inside the water , then reappear almost at the top . just then , the wave stop . it 's perfectly motionless . there do not seem to be any danger . from the top of the motionless wave , the boy peer at the beach : he see he parent far below , look tiny . he wave at they , and they respond almost joyfully . then the son turn and look at the horizon . when the boy wake up , he realize that it be of course just a dream . the sun have set . the young man do not really know where he be or in what state of consciousness . what a strange dream ! he get up and go over to the shore . but everything be calm . the water caress he bare foot . the father 's outline appear behind what remain of the curtain of bamboos . he be probably come to see he son , but something in the young man 's posture stop he . he stand in the shade of a bamboo and look at he son from behind , stare at the horizon . just like the mother , nearly twenty year before , watch the father casting he raft out to sea . the son turn away and start to walk slowly along the shore , stare vacantly , lose in think . the son have turn inland . he walk slowly , calmly , as if it help he think . he cross the field of young bamboo shoot , look up at the sky . the milky Way look beautiful this evening . further on . the son have change direction again . now he climb onto some rock , walk along the line of rock which lead to the far end of the island . we recognize the place , of course . they be the rock he dive from one day when he be a teenager , and the one he fall from one morning when he be still a child . he sit down , at the far end of the island , as if catch in the canopy of heaven . he think as he contemplate the sky . screenplay 35 . the Red turtle it be in this silent face - to- face with the star that he find the strength to make he decision . his parent be lie near the place where they have seek refuge since the catastrophe , the one where they all prepare dinner . they look up at the sound of footstep . first , the mother sit up , then the father . they watch they child come and sit not far from they . a pause . the young man lower he head . he look both sad and determine . the mother and father look at he , somewhat overcome . they understand that they son decide to leave . the father turn to he wife . the island , at night , surround by the sea , under the star . the dawn sky . a albatross hover in the first light of day . it 's daytime . the son slip he bottle of fresh water into he bag and say goodbye to he parent . all three of they be on the beach . the son hug he mother , then he father . some crab watch . the son enter the water . he reach the coral reef where he three turtle friend be wait for he . he turn one last time to he parent to say goodbye , then dive into the water and join the turtles . stand on the beach , the mother and father watch he go . see from the sky , the child swim off , among the turtles . a little later in the day . it 's still broad daylight . the parent be lie on the grass . the father be on he back , the mother be curl up . she cry silently , as if the tear will not stop . screenplay 36 . the Red turtle the father come and huddle up against she . he put he arm around she . she squeeze the man 's hand and shut she eye . maybe she can manage to sleep now . the big bamboos of the forest swing in the gentle sea breeze . fade to black III . 6 . Old age and death of the parent . another day . the lagoon see from the sky . the woman and the man swim quietly , side by side , in the big transparent space . lap dissolve the island in the middle of the ocean . lap dissolve the father sit up on the hill . he look much more older now : 60 year old maybe . he 's dream , lose in he thought . he see something below . he look : that be he wife come back from she daily sea bath . she 's come up to the beach , she eye be wet , she 's get water until she waist . she be around 55 , but she be perfectly fit . she 's particularly beautiful as she 's get out of water . she see he and send he a lovely smile . the man smile in return . lap dissolve migrating bird fly past above the sea . see from the top , it 's a cloud of silent bird pass , as many point from a abstract composition . lap dissolve the big field . the couple have a stroll in the high grass . the woman hold she man 's arm . screenplay 37 . the Red turtle lap dissolve the beach lighten by a sunset . the man and the woman be around 80 and 75 year . they walk slowly along the seashore towards we . the woman stop . the man do one or two more step , then he turn back to she , interrogatively . the woman stretch out she two hand towards he as if to invite he to dance . the man hesitates and eventually let it go . they dance a little waltz , just like it , for nothing , for fun , on the beach . lap dissolve night . the old man be lie on he back , on the beach height . the woman be asleep , not far from he . he watch the star sky . he turn he head to the ocean . his eye close slowly . the woman wake up ; she feel that something 's change . she sit next to the man and touch tenderly he motionless face . she look down . she be very sad . the lagoon . the quiet moment just before dawn . the woman be stand up in the lagoon ; the still water reach she waist . she let she down in the water until she 's completely submerge . only she long float hair be visible on the surface . she stand up . a moment later the woman sit next to the man 's body . she watch the ocean . the sun rise . she lie down on the sand , close to the man , and softly lie down she hand into the open hand of the man . screenplay 38 . the Red turtle the hand of the man and the arm of the woman united turn into a turtle paw . the woman be again a big red turtle . the turtle turn slowly towards the sea . it descend the beach . when she reach the edge , she let herself slip into the water quietly and begin to swim towards the horizon . during a few second , the top of the shell be still visible before get down under the smooth surface . the turtle disappear into the ocean . the end screenplay 39 .