the florida project final production draft 07/31/16 int . magic castle - stairwell - day moonee ( 6 ) and scooty ( 7 ) be outside the Magic Castle Motel , purple and run-down . the kid sit against the wall in the shade of a alcove under the stair outside the main office . the two take turn play a game on a phone . they hear a small boy , dicky ( 7 ) , call from the distance . dicky moonee ! scooty !! moonee what !? dicky mooneeeeeeeeee ! dicky make he way to the enclave move fast . moonee what ! !?? steadicam : begin close on dicky 's scream face and continuous move from the side road parallel to Route 192 to behind dicky , follow he run towards the motel . moonee ( cont 'd ) what !!!! 2 dicky arrive at the enclave . dicky freshies at the future ! moonee and scooty be enthralled . moonee / scooty freshies at the future !!! they jump up and exit frame . we hold on the purple wall . '' celebration '' by Kool & the gang blast over the open title that play out as we continue to hold on the wall . ext . route 192 - day moonee , scooty and dicky make they way to the end of the motel 's driveway . pan right to follow they and reveal Route 192 in full . the kid run to the adjacent property -- futureland inn ( locate a block West from the Magic Castle ) . ext . futureland inn - day - continuous moonee / scooty / dicky arrive at the entrance to futureland . scuff - up retro-futuristic rocket adorn the weather - damage sign in front , its logo embed within a constellation . a fade ' stay in the future ... today !' sign dangle below it . moonee / scooty / dicky run off the sidewalk and onto the lawn of the shanty motel . they peer around a dirty wall . they eye widen . dicky that one . the blue one . the kid run upstairs to the second floor and look toward the ground halfway down the walkway . they begin spitting downward . dicky ( cont 'd ) I can get it farther than you , moonee . moonee no way . i’1l1 totally get it much farther than you ! scooty yeah but I bet none of you can get it on the top ! ext . futureland inn - jancey 's room - day grandma stacy ( young than you average grandma ) step out onto the walkway . she light a cigarette , take in she new environment . she look to she leave where a young man and he pitbull be loung down the walkway . she nod to he . she continue to smoke . something grab she attention . she approach she blue 90 's Toyota corolla to see a spit-cover windshield . a gob of spit shoot down onto it from above . she look to the upper floor . grandma stacy what the fuck ? hey ! moonee / scooty / dicky slide back and laugh . grandma stacy ( cont ’d ) be you kid I over here ? you get down here and clean this shit up now ! the commotion cause jancey and she young sister luci ( 4 ) to emerge from the room . the kid continue to laugh hysterically . moonee jump up and spit blindly through the rail . dicky go home , you rachet bitch ! scooty you be not shit , jit ! moonee you be shit ! jancey get hit by a gob of spit . jancey gramma , he spit on I . moonee ( offended ) it be not he , it be I , stupid thot ! grandma stacy hey ! I be come up there and I be fuck tell you parent ! moonee / scooty / dicky get up and race down the walkway of the second floor , the scream back and forth persist . moonee try it , bee-otch . I do not even live here ! moonee / scooty / dicky laugh hysterically while run away . stacy fume . jancey and she little sister luci stand by the door , confuse . ext . futureland inn - day moonee , scooty and dicky race to the other side of futureland and down the stair . they run onto the parking lot . grandma stacy ( 0.s. ) get the fuck back here ! 4. dickyan dad ( 40' ) be sit on a ratty lawn chair on the second floor , he spot they racing away . dicky 's dad hey ! dicky ... not another step . get you ass over here . now . dicky stop as moonee and scooty keep run . grandma stacy yell up to dicky 's dad . grandma stacy be they you kid ? ext . magic castle - day moonee and scooty return to they home motel and run up the stair to the third floor . wide on the two little kid as they walk down the entire length of the motel toward the elevator / stairwell in the back ( this be the first big reveal of the geography of the Magic Castle grounds ) . they reach moonee 's home -- room 323 . int . magic castle - room 323 - day - continuous moonee slide the window open from the outside , stick she right arm in through the curtain and open the door . halley ( 22 ) be in pajamas and lie on the bed , smoking and watch '' the price be right '' on a old 19 - inch tube television . moonee and scooty enter the room through the window , jump on the bed and hop over halley . halley hey , take you shoe off . they shoe come off as they grab all the pillow in sight to make a fort . int . magic castle - lobby - day grandma stacy , jancey and luci burst into the lobby . a tired - look amber ( 40' , day clerk ) look up . grandma stacy I want to speak with the manager right now . amber can I help you with something ? grandma stacy be you the manager ? amber no , but I be in charge of ... grandma stacy I want to speak with the manager now . amber can I ask what this be regard ? grandma stacy two little shit that live on this property ! amber ( turn toward offscreen ) Bobby ! int . magic castle - room 323 - day hard knock on the door of room 323 . halley yeah , what ? moonee run over to the door and open it to reveal bobby ( 50' ) , the motel manager -- focus , overwhelm and cynical . he wear a wedding ring . he stand with grandma stacy / jancey / luci . shy little jancey stand behind she livid grandmother and peer inside . moonee immediately slam the door in he face and walk back to the bed . halley ( cont 'd ) moonee ? who 's that ? moonee nobody . halley shit , moonee . what do you two do ? scooty nothin’ . 6 . halley get up off the bed . she drop she cigarette in she Mountain Dew can . Bobby begin speak before the door swing all the way back open . bobby this woman 's from next door . say moonee do something to she car . halley you in 322 ? bobby no , futureland . halley oh . grandma stacy her and she friend scoot spit all over my car and my kid here . scooty ( from under the bed ) it 's scooty , not scoot ! halley almost laugh . halley you see they do this ? grandma stacy I do . they friend 's father tell I that you kid be always pull this shit . halley he be not my kid . grandma stacy well , that two , whoever that be . halley oint at moonee p g she 's mine . grandma stacy I do not give a shit . they spit on my car and over my jancey here . bobby okay , halley , one , sort this out . two , you smoke in the room again and you be outta here . halley I be not smoking . bobby last warning , halley . halley yeah , well , I be not . grandma stacy watch Bobby walk off . halley ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , get some paper towel , you two . ext . magic castle - laundry area - day moonee / scooty approach bertha ( 40' ) who be fold laundry . bertha hola , scooty y moonee . scooty toalla de papel . moonee por favor ! bertha grab a roll of paper towel and hand it to moonee . ext . route 192 - day the entire party ( halley / moonee , scooty , grandma stacy / jancey / luci ) make they way over to futureland Inn . halley this all yours ? grandma stacy this be not mine . well , they be mine now . my daughter make I a grandmother when she be 15 . so I be look after they until she stop act like she stupid father . halley offer grandma stacy a smoke . she accept . jancey be quiet and stay close to she mother . grandma stacy ( cont ’d ) ( point to jancey ) she be on methadone for the first four week of she life . ( more ) ext . / int . grandma stacy ( cont ’d ) ( point to luci ) thank God , she have this two when she be lock up . halley when have ya move in , gramma ? grandma stacy today . halley whatta they charge you a week ? grandma stacy $ 255 . halley you can get that shit down to $ 240 . maybe even less know that shithead who work the front desk over there . futureland inn - day grandma stacy smoke a cigarette as she and halley watch moonee and scooty wash the spit-cover car . halley get another one of that ? grandma stacy roll she eye as she give halley a cigarette . as moonee / scooty clean the spit off the car , they both make small talk with jancey who watch curiously from the shadow near she motel room . moonee what 's you name ? jancey jancey . scooty what kind of a name be jancey ?! moonee hey , jancey ? I be moonee . and hey ... jancey yeah ? moonee it sure would be a whole lot easier if we have someone else to help we . scooty catch onto moonee 's plan . scooty it sure would . moonee what would happen if someone be nice enough to volunteer ? scooty they would get a award and it would say ' the bestest ever ! 's jancey grab a paper towel and go over to help they . grandma stacy hey ! jancey , honey , what be you do ? jancey I be cleanin’ up ! grandma stacy no , sweetheart , that 's not you job . it 's that two that have to clean up ! moonee wink at jancey . jancey smile . moonee be not you glad this happen because now it 's cleaner than it be before ! halley oh let she fuckin’ help . grandma stacy they be have too much fun . this be not suppose to be fun this be suppose to be work . this be not okay . not okay at all . halley let they have a good time , it 's kid be kid . grandma stacy I think it be very disrespectful . not okay . 10 . moonee hey ! we should clean that inside too , it 's a giant mess ! scooty cheer . halley you think they be gonna get along if they do not socialize ? grandma stacy oh just like you ? halley yeah like I , what be you try to say ? look , you check they for lice yet ? grandma stacy lice ? halley half the kid here have lice . I can help you but you wanna be mean to I . so fine . I know this shit . the kid continue to playfully clean the old car . ext . magic castle - outside room 341 - dusk halley and ten other resident of the Magic Castle be socialize , drink and smoking on the balcony . halley be hang with she best friend and scooty 's mom , ashley ( 23 ) on the stair outside room 341 where music be blast . some of the room 's door be open and some close . gloria ( 60 's ) strut over . gloria hey ! listen up , motherfucker . you have one of two choice . you can all keep it down or ... you can get a lady a beer . gloria sit down and join the crowd and pop open a beer which spill all over she . ashley I be off tomorrow . want I to take moonee ? 11 . halley no , it 's cool , we get we appointment tomorrow . now , what would happen if we smoke the fattest of blunt right now ? we hear Bobby off -screen . bobby ( 0.s. ) lady and gentleman , let 's wrap it up . we have over twenty guest this weekend and we be already have noise complaint . a few resident can be hear protest off-screen . int . social SERVICES - day halley be seat with a case worker ( female , 30 's ) . moonee be mess around with another little kid ( 4 ) while the adult talk . halley most of that rachet - ass bitch be do extras ... ya know , in the back room . ( give a handjob gesture ) I be not doin’ extras . I be fuckin’ dance for tip . that 's what I do . I say no ... two day later with no warning hector fire I ... after not let I up on stage all fuck night . fuckin 's bullshit . case worker okay , well ... this will affect you tanf . halley no shit . that 's why I be here . case worker okay , you need to make a concerted effort to find at least thirty hour . halley ( frustrated ) yeah , well you find I thirty hour ! I have application in at every shithole up and down irlo bronson and the park be not go to hire I . 12 . case worker you can cover that up , halley . halley be throw off for a second . she then realize the case worker be refer to she tattoo . halley no , my record . and now that it 's summer and I get she during the day ... C ’mon . case worker I get it . but you have get to give benefit three job contact a week or you will be consider non - compliant . ( read file ) and no child support . halley just shake she head . case worker ( cont ’d ) when be he get out ? halley shake she head again . ext . waffle home / orange world - day moonee and scooty sit in front of a '' welcome to Florida '' mural . they be nodd off . a off -screen whistle wake they up . scooty 's mom Ashley stand in the front entrance of the fast food waffle joint next door . she motion for they to go in back . as they run to the back , reveal that the two kid be sit on the side of the huge orange world dome right next door . ext . waffle home - back area - day scooty and moonee wait out back . Ashley come out with a doggy bag . moonee thanks , miss Ashley . my mom want to know if you want to go to o.b.t. tonight . ashley it 's Saturday night , be not it ? 13. moonee ( to scooty ) what be yesterday ? scooty yesterday ? that be ... Friday . moonee ( to Ashley ) yes , today be Saturday . ashley okay , then we be gonna go . moonee okay , I 'il tell she . bye , miss Ashley ! scooty bye , mommy ! ext . magic castle - playground - day moonee / scooty / halley eat the waffle Home food picnic-style in a dilapidate playground next to the parking lot of the motel . a helicopter load with tourist lift off next door . the kid give it the finger as it lift off for a tour . ext . magic castle - corner room halley and Ashley be dress up and ready to party . they deliver moonee and scooty to a neighbor 's room . halley thanks again . let I know if they misbehave . ( to moonee ) behave , okay ? ext . orange blossom trail - parking lot - night halley and Ashley be in party mode . Latin food truck , trick - out car , smoke , blast music . the two girl make they way around , socialize , eat food and watch as the car drag race up and down the parking lot . ashley this be the best burrito I have ever eat . 14. we follow the girl docu-style as they socialize . they get alone time as they eat they food . ashley ( cont 'd ) they choose Simone . halley be you fuckin’ kid I ? ashley I know . I be there way longer than that bitch . halley I can not even believe it . fuck that . ashley the second I be a manager you be totally hire , I mean it . halley 's night be ruin . ext . futureland inn - day moonee and scooty approach dicky 's room on the first floor of futureland . dicky 's dad be loung outside as usual . moonee can dicky come out and -- dicky 's dad dicky 's be punish . he can not come out . a mean chihuahua be stare at the kid . they walk away . moonee stop and turn back . moonee wait . ext . futureland inn - day moonee and scooty knock on jancey 's door . answer . grandma stacy yeah what ? moonee can jancey come out and play ? grandma stacy 15 . grandma stacy what ? you gonna take she to spit on someone else 's car ? moonee no , we be just play . grandma stacy what be you play ? moonee I dunno . just play . grandma stacy jance , that kid from the purple place wanna know if you wanna play ? jancey I wanna play . grandma stacy no further than Magic Castle , okay ? moonee , scooty and jancey run away . ext . magic castle - front driveway - day moonee / scooty / jancey walk past the front of Magic Castle head West . jancey do not you live there ? moonee yeah but we have thing to show you . jancey my grandma say no further than here . moonee well we need ice cream . and this be a tour . follow we . it 's okay . jancey hesitates , then make a decision to take she first step into unchart territory . ext . route 192 - wizard gift shop - day moonee , scooty and jancey walk by a gift shop on Route 192 that have a large wizard sculpture over it . 16 . jancey you think we be go too far ? moonee just come on ! jancey stop and look up at the giant wizard , entrance . after a beat , she move on . scooty that 's wizzy . he will protect we . it 's safe . moonee yeah , wizzy 's a protector ! come on ! jancey continue to follow she two new friend . ext . abandoned castle - day they walk by a board - up old castle attraction . moonee that 's a old castle . many battle must have happen there once . ext . thrift store - day the three kid walk past a thrift store . jancey look ahead and smile . ext . route 192 - twistee treat - day they approach a structure that look like a giant ice cream cone alongside the highway . moonee and this be where you get free ice cream . jancey really ? ext . route 192 - twistee treat - day - later the three kid beg for change from a tourist mother and daughter . 17 . moonee Excuse I , miss ? would you be so kind as to give we you change so we can have cone too ? scooty hopefully one day we can make enough money and then pay you back . the mother fish for some change in she purse . scooty ( cont ’d ) the doctor say we gotta eat ice cream right away . moonee yeah , we have cancer and need ice cream . jancey be in awe of the con job take place before she eye . ext . medical CENTER clinic - day moonee , scooty and jancey walk by a group of homeless live in box outside a board - up Medical Center . moonee here be where the homeless people live . ext . magic castle - parking lot - day moonee , scooty and jancey share a cone as they approach the Magic Castle . moonee pop the last bite in she mouth , then stop herself . moonee pass the last piece to jancey . ext . magic castle - 2 nd floor walkway - day moonee and scooty continue to give jancey they tour into the grounds of the Magic Castle . they stop and point at every door . the sequence will play as if we be condense a document tour with jump cut between every line of dialogue . scooty 216 be abigahil . she 's a nice woman with lot of pillow . and sell drug sometimes . moonee and 217 be a family that have a brother who stab someone on Valentine 's Day . the kid pass the elevator . moonee ( cont 'd ) and nobody ever use the elevator cause it smell like pee . the kid round a corner . scooty and 222 be a family that fight like all day . moonee and the woman who life in here think she 's marry to Jesus . 18 . they approach the laundry room . bertha be exite the utility room and enter the laundry room . scooty and that 's bertha . she smoke weed . int . magic castle - office - day Bobby be at he computer when the power go off . the light , monitor and the hum of the air conditioning cut out . bobby aw ... shit . amber ( 0.s . ) ' the shit just happen ? Bobby sit in the dark . ext . magic castle - parking lot - day the electricity be shut off across entire motel . Bobby exit the lobby door . he 's piss . wide shot , long take of the entire East wing of the motel . this allow we to see many of the motel 's resident filter out of they room in anger . ( gloria , rico the Pool guy , cubby , Haley , Ashley + Troy + 30 background ) 19 . Bobby continue to walk rapidly toward the back of the building try to defuse the situation . we see moonee , scooty and jancey hastily enter room 323 . we hold on the complain resident . a few take the opportunity to chill out and light up . ext . magic castle - utility room - day Bobby enter the small room and see a throw switch . he flip it back on . ext . magic castle - parking lot - day the electricity go back on and Bobby make he way back outside as the resident cheer . Bobby wave to the resident , triumphantly . bobby Drama 's over . you can all go back to you room now , folk . have a nice day . people filter back inside the room . int . magic castle - lobby - day amber be behind the counter try to calm down three annoyed resident , one of they be gloria . gloria totally unacceptable ! I pay good fuckin’ money for my room and that include a.c. -- ya know what I mean by a.c .? a cunt . as in you be a cunt ! Bobby enter the lobby . he 's piss . he beeline to the back office . amber bound to happen at least once this summer . everyone 's blast they ac . then you get microwave , hot plate ... fuck crock pot . this room be not design to be extend stay suite . 20 . int . magic castle - lobby - back office - day Bobby be review the cctv as we hear amber continue to try to calm down the resident . he squint at one of the camera feed . bobby amber ? amber enter the office . amber yeah ? bobby be not crock pot . he point to the cctv monitor . on one of the feed be a image of bertha leave the utility room ... and in come three little body enter and pull the switch . amber of course . ext . magic castle - lobby - day Bobby exit the lobby , fast . he walk up the stair and pause at bertha push she cart on the walkway . bobby bertha , you leave that utility room unlock again and you be go . and do not think I do not know what you be do in there . Bobby make a '' smoking weed '' gesture . bobby ( cont 'd ) none of that on the premise , comprende ? he continue to the third floor . int . magic castle - room 323 - day halley be sit on the bed smoking a blunt . huddle next to she be moonee , scooty and jancey . they be play a game on the iPad . a loud knock at the door . the kid look at each other . 21 . halley yeah ? bobby halley . open the door . halley look over at the three kid . they look guilty . halley ( even-keeled ) fuckin 's A. what do you do now ? she snub out the blunt and grab a can of air freshener and blast the air . bobby ( 0.s. ) halley , open up , now . halley get off the bed and approach the door , piss . moonee ( whisper to jancey ) do not act guilty . halley open the door . halley yeah ? bobby I have a video of the kid illegally enter the utility closet and pull the power . jancey they tell I that I could be part of the club if I do it . halley laugh -- cause moonee and scooty to laugh . halley that 's light . bobby funny right ? happens again and you be go . second week of summer and there 's already be a dead fish in the pool -- moonee it be a experiment . we be try to bring it back to life ! 22 . bobby ... and water balloon at some tourist . you do not mess with tourist . scooty they do not tip we ! moonee damn non-tipper ! halley ( turn to Bobby ) oh God . be you serious ? bobby quite serious . halley my God . this be unacceptable . Bobby realize she be be facetious . halley ( cont 'd ) I have fail as a mother . moonee , you have disgrace I ! halley burst into a laugh fit that cause moonee , scooty and jancey to join in with giggle . bobby do not fuck with I right now , halley . halley kid have fun . c’mon bro . bobby yeah , so , I lose three hour of work . work . you know what that be ? halley laugh . bobby ( cont 'd ) and I be talk to Ashley , by the way . if you friend leave you in charge of she kid , he become you responsibility and you be not take responsibility . and this one , be not she from futureland ? halley oh whatevs . you gotta relax , man . 23 . bobby you gonna redo my expense report with you whatevs ? you kid just kill my night . I want to watch the game . you gonna pay I for the three hour I gotta work later ? halley hey guy , pay the man for he three hour . moonee I do not have any money . scooty I do not have any money . jancey I have fourteen cent . halley we only have fourteen cent . you be shit outta luck . bobby speak of ... I have not get this week 's rent from you . halley you do not think I know that . she close the door . Bobby stand outside they door and do breathe exercise to calm down . jancey I think I want to go home now . int . magic castle - 2 nd floor miscellaneous room - day Bobby and jack ( 28 ) be wrapping a mattress in plastic . jack well , the purple look nice . how much do that put you all back ? bobby narek spend 20 k on it . jack and he can not afford a exterminator ? 24 . bobby here . Bobby hand Jack duct tape . Jack rip a strip and seal the plastic . Bobby stop he . bobby ( cont 'd ) no , Jack , I tell you ! long strip . jack then you do it . bobby I be just say , you know better , you have to use longer strip . c'mon . they continue to seal the mattress . Jack be focus on the job and barely notice moonee and scooty as they peer in . moonee whatcha doin ? bobby top secret work . scooty really ? bobby guy , I need you outta here . moonee you guy be boring anyway . bobby that 's right . see you later . the kid run off . Bobby and Jack continue to work in silence . eventually Bobby begin remove the headboard . jack Jesus . bobby oh , worse than I think . int . magic castle - dumpster - day Bobby and Jack throw the seal mattress in the dumpster . no word be speak between they . 25 . int . magic castle - lobby moonee and scooty sit in the lobby lick drip ice cream cone . they face be cover with melt ice cream . we reveal that Bobby have be watch they intently . arm cross , lean against the counter . scooty 's melting cone break apart and a piece hit the floor . bobby okay , out ! I warn you . one drop and you be out . now out . moonee oh come on ! scooty it 's gonna melt outside ! bobby obviously it 's melting inside too . the two kid exit the lobby . ext . magic castle - enclave - day moonee and scooty lounge in the enclave , remnant of ice cream all over they face . something grab scooty 's attention ... scooty gloria ! gloria be strutting towards the pool with a towel ina bikini . ext . futureland inn - jancey 's room - day moonee / scooty pound on jancey 's door , wind and panic . dicky have join the group . grandma stacy answer . grandma stacy hey , one light knock will do . moonee and scooty we need jancey !!! 26 . ext . magic castle - pool area + battlement - day moonee / scooty / jancey / dicky run onto the second floor balcony and perch over the castle battlement to look down at the pool area -- gloria sunbathes topless . the kid giggle as they spy on she chant '' boobies , booby , booby ! '' Bobby eventually saunter into the pool area . bobby gloria , cover it up , please . I have tell you this before . thank you . gloria resist . bobby ( cont 'd ) this kid do not need a health class right now . gloria kid be in school , honey . bobby they be right there . ( point ) it 's summer break , gloria . gloria be you kid I ? she stand up , revealing she chest in all its glory . gloria ( cont 'd ) you gonna stand there and give I shit about this ? be this make you uncomfortable , Bobby ? bobby cover it up . thank you . the kid laugh and chant while gloria continue to protest . finally gloria cover up . the kid be upset . ext . magic castle - dusk on the driveway of the Magic Castle , jancey and dicky be walk home . moonee and scooty slip into the lobby . dicky I better get home before I get ground again . 27 . patrice ( 30' ) , the Magic Castle night manager , roll up and step out of he beat - up car . int . magic castle - lobby - dusk - continuous patrice enter , nod to Bobby . moonee and scooty be whistling into a fan . scooty I can not whistle . scooty make a annoying sound into the fan . patrice kid . out . patrice pass amber wrapping thing up behind the desk . amber begin pack up and get ready to go . patrice ( cont 'd ) yep . amber yeah . Bobby be sit at the desk , tend to email . he never look away from the screen . patrice hey , boss . bobby narek will be in next week so we just need to take care of the invoice tonight , oh and do I a favor , put in that paint order , will ya ? that tower need touch - up . amber and that effing ice machine have be out of order for three month . moonee yeah , fix that effing ice machine ! scooty we need ice ! people need ice . bobby that thing can not be fix . I will deal with it . ( to patrice ) ( more ) 28 . bobby ( cont 'd ) just talk to he about the be - order . thank you . oh , and keep you eye on 151 . there 's be traffic in and out all day . patrice study Bobby for a moment . patrice be you ... Bobby , that room 's be hot all week . I think you be let ‘em slide ? patrice light he candle . Bobby just stare . he rub he face . bobby I will take care of it tomorrow . ext . magic castle - dusk Bobby leave the lobby ... he walk three step and enter the close motel room to the office -- room 101 . he slam the door to he home . int . magic castle - lobby - dusk amber leave . amber have a great fuck night . patrice settles behind the counter . patrice what do I say ? get outta here ! int . magic castle - stairway - night halley , Ashley , moonee and scooty sit on the stair . moonee play a game on the iPad while halley and Ashley listen to hip -hop on they phone . ext . magic castle - parking lot - dawn outside room 151 , Bobby be watch a couple pack up and leave . dealer girl this be fuck up , son . 29 . bobby do not want to hear it . let 's go . dealer girl I pay for the week , man . I want a refund . bobby get the fuck outta here . ext . magic castle - night moonee and scooty sit on the step of the front stairwell near the lobby . they be light by the sodium - vapour lamp that illuminate the parking lot . in the background , resident of the motel be out on they balcony socialize . a taxi pull into the parking lot . moonee / scooty perk up . int . lobby - night - continuous patrice take the candle out of he bag and search for a lighter . ext . magic castle - night the cab park under the awning outside the lobby . a cabbie ( 50 ) , shocked hubby ( 40 ) and confuse wife ( 30 ) exit the car . hubby wait , hold on , Sir . I think you get the wrong place . cabbie this be the address you give I . wife ( portuguese ) what do he say ? the driver remove luggage from the back of the taxi . hubby wait , I think we have a problem here . this be not where we be stay . moonee and scooty approach . the wife look at they . 30 . cabbie well , you want to check that address ? wife ( portuguese ) we be go to the Magic Kingdom ... you say you book a hotel at the Magic Kingdom . that everything be take care of . what be this place ? we be not even on Disney property . hubby ( portuguese ) shit. I mean ... joao book it for I . I do not know . wife ( portuguese ) you have you assistant book we honeymoon hotel ? be you fuck kid I ? int . magic castle - lobby - night CUT to a conversation already in progress between we hubby and patrice . the husband have he phone to he ear . moonee and scooty be watch . the cabbie be smoking a cigarette outside . patrice ( into walkie talkie ) Bobby , can you help I out in here ? patrice turn back to the husband . patrice ( cont 'd ) I can give you the AAA rate , how about that ? hubby no . no no , I be not ask for a discount . patrice well I have already say , because you book it online , if you want a refund you have to do it online , you will get it back on you statement within 2 - 3 week . the husband hang up the phone and turn to he wife . 31 . hubby ( portuguese ) he 's not answer . ( to patrice in English ) no , you do not understand . I do not care about a refund . we just need a place to stay . patrice and you get a place to stay . you have room 325 . moonee that 's two room down from my room ! Bobby enter the lobby . bobby what 's up ? ( to kid ) you two . out . ext . magic castle - night the cabbie impatiently smoke he cigarette . the kid stare through the window . scooty that lady be pretty . moonee yeah . but ... I think she 's go to cry . I can always tell when adult be about to cry . the cabbie open the door of the lobby . cabbie hey man . I be go to have to charge you wait time . I get other call . wife ( portuguese ) what be he say ? the husband be overwhelm . hubby wait , Sir . I will get the new address . hold on . 32 . cabbie hey , look , just call the company when you be ready , it 's a busy weekend for we . I be lose fare . the cabbie snub the cigarette and enter the lobby . we see that he be settling the bill with the husband as the kid watch through the glass . moonee eye the luggage and then look to scooty . he nod and wink . the two kid grab the couple 's luggage and move it into the lobby . int . magic castle - lobby - night the cabbie exit and drive away . the husband be busy on he phone , scour the internet . bobby it 's almost midnight , one of the busy weekend of the year around here . the only other room you 'il find tonight be another single somewhere along this stretch . take you pick . hubby listen , do you see my wife there ? she 's brazilian . they love this place . she 's be come here since she be a kid and she dream be to have she honeymoon in Disney . moonee you just get marry ? wife notice kid have take the luggage inside . bobby listen , trust I . if I bring my girl to this place on we honeymoon , she would have divorced my ass . I feel for you . but what do you want I to do , fella ? wife ( very break English ) hey ! get away from that ! patrice they be just try to get a tip . 33 . moonee you can not leave stuff out there . scooty yeah , there 's punk out there . wife ( portuguese ) what be this stray child rummage about ? this be a welfare , slum motel . we be spend we honeymoon in a gypsy project ? find another place . check the polynesian first . or Grand Floridian . maybe the contemporary but only Bay Lake Tower ! hubby ( portuguese ) I be check , okay ? this be they independence holiday . very popular . the resort be book . the wife begin to cry . moonee look over at scooty . moonee told ya . ext . magic castle - enclave - day moonee and scooty sit in they favorite spot once again . scooty hey , you wanna see something cool ? moonee of course ! scooty make sure you do not tell anyone . scooty whip out a lighter he take from patrice . scooty ( cont ’d ) it have a naked lady on it ! moonee gasp ! halley yell down from upstairs . halley ( 0.s. ) moonee ! moonee what , Mom !?! 34 . halley ( 0.s. ) get off you butt and go get some waffle ! ext . waffle home - day moonee / scooty pick up food from the back of waffle Home . as Ashley hand scooty a doggy bag , she notice how filthy the two kid be . ashley you have shit all over you face , get over here . she proceed to wipe off both of they face with she apron . moonee oh , my mom want extra maple syrup . moonee smile as Ashley load up the bag . moonee whisper in scooty 's ear . moonee ( cont 'd ) it 's actually for I . scooty join she in a giggle . ext . magic castle - playground - day moonee / scooty / halley once again eat they food picnic-style . moonee drown she waffle with the extra syrup . Silent eat . wind blow through they hair . halley be focus on she smartphone . int . route 192 perfume wholesaler - day halley haggle with a perfume wholesaler while moonee try out sample . halley can I get a discount if I buy over twenty ? perfume wholesaler umm ... this be wholesale . halley pay cash and leave with a bag full of seal box of perfume . 35 . ext . fancy HOTEL - parking lot - day halley and moonee attempt to sell perfume to HOTEL guest . moonee put on she best '' cute face . '' ( shot '' candid camera '' - style with a hide camera . actor will attempt to sell perfume to real pedestrian . ) haley Excuse I . we be sell perfume . would you like to help my daughter and I and buy a bottle ? they smell great . moonee this will make you smell like Justin bieber ! int . magic castle - lobby - day Bobby be behind the counter with amber . Magic Castle owner narek ( 50' ) be read review on he phone . narek ... what do '' rachet '' even mean ? listen , amber , you need to tell everybody you know , I need better Yelp review . not just Yelp . expedia , priceline , all that . I need five-star review . this be kill I . amber why do not you offer the resident like a discount to give a good review . narek that 's not a bad idea . I like that . something catch Bobby 's eye . he look up . it 's halley , head straight for the office . '' what shitstorm will this be now '' be write all over Bobby 's face . halley enter and march up to the counter . halley oh , sorry to interrupt . I just want to pay you for the week , sir. $ 240 . halley plop down two hundred and two twenty . 36 . halley ( cont 'd ) we stay have be delightful so far . the pool temperature be perfection . have a great day . halley exit . amber count the cash . narek do you see this fake review the wish Star have ? that woman be murder there last month . no way anyone in they right mind be give that shithole four star . amber I kinda miss count $ 240 in singles . ext . magic castle - parking lot - day narek and Bobby walk and talk , pass resident and curious kide . moonee , scooty and jancey watch the adult from the stair . scooty be play with the lighter . narek point up to the bike lock onto the railing on the second and third floor . narek okay , see ? that 's finable now . make a flyer . put it under the door . it should say they have to remove the bike and lock ‘em in the back . if there be any bike remain on the rail we be go to cut they on August first . get it ? bobby yes . watch from overhead , moonee let 's out a sigh . ext . futureland inn - parking lot - day moonee / scooty / jancey and other kid watch as dicky and he dad move out . they old station wagon be pack to the brim . dicky 's dad throw some stuff in to the dumpster and give toy away to moonee , jancey , scooty and the rest . dicky 's dad dicky , wanna say bye to you room ? dicky shake he head , he do not look happy that he 99 - cent - — store knock - off Woody and buzz toy be be give away . 37 . dicky 's dad ( cont ’d ) I tell you , New Orleans , new toy . there 's not a extra inch in this thing . let 's get roll . dicky walk over to he friend . moonee my mom say to say good - bye . dicky well , see ya around , I guess . the kid hug and fist- bump he good - bye . moonee seem indifferent . she 's be through this before . never good to get too emotional over anyone . like she mom teach she . dicky 's father give the kid a cardboard box of remain toy and bric-a-brac . the kid wave and watch as the car leave the driveway . ext . route 192 - twistee treat - day moonee , scooty and jancey split a ice cream outside the twistee treat . moonee hold the cone and pass it to she friend . moonee one lick for you ... ( to jancey ) one lick for you ... ( to scooty ) and one lick for I ... ( moonee lick again ) two lick for you ... ( to jancey ) ... two lick for you ... ( to scooty ) and one , two lick for I ( moonee lick twice ) . twistee treat employee hey . hey ! you guy can not hang out there . seriously . you can not sit there . the kid do not move a inch . scooty we be pay customer ! int . magic castle - room 323 - night halley be wear a bathing suit . she grab a towel and pass by the sleep moonee . she exit . 38 . ext . magic castle - pool - night halley and Ashley be in the pool . they smoke and drink and laugh . they converse about the kid and they single status . Bobby be make he nightly round . bobby Girls , you know very well that night swim be a no-go . halley do you just say no - go ? the woman laugh . ashley wanna go skinny dip , Bobby ? Bobby give up and continue on he patrol . ext . magic castle - outside halley and ashley room - night the two woman return to they respective room . ashley good night , bitch . I love you . halley Love you , bitch . ext . magic castle - playground - day moonee / jancey / scooty / Mia / jazlyn / other kid play in the playground . two dog , bunsen and boonee , frolic with the kid . int . magic castle - room 323 - night halley and moonee eat a cheese pizza on the bed . moonee where 's the iPad ? halley sold . moonee what ? 39 . halley have to sell it . moonee but why ? halley whatever , moonee . this room cost money . moonee be disappointed . moonee you know I like pepperoni . halley pepperoni cost money . the two sit in silence while watch the tv . halley side - eye she daughter . she know the moonee be upset . halley get off the bed and grab a bag of gummy bear . halley ( cont 'd ) but look ... she sprinkle gummy bear onto the pie . halley ( cont 'd ) we get gummy bear pizza ! moonee love it . int . magic castle - lobby - day halley pull out a wad of cash and hand it to Bobby . bobby seriously , if you be go to be late again , you get to let I know . halley it be due yesterday . bobby yeah , exactly , it be due yesterday . halley whatevs . Bobby count the cash . halley exit . 40 . ext . abandoned condo - day a quarter of a mile up Route 192 be a fence - off set of pastel - color condo , weather - damage and abandon . moonee , scooty and jancey ignore the '' private property : do not enter '' sign . jancey look concerned . moonee c’mon . this be gonna be a haunt scary adventure . scooty yeah , there 's ghost in there . jancey ghost ?! they run around the exterior of the dilapidate condo . scooty and there be killer gator in there that chase pirate ! scooty point to the water as jancey move away from it . they enter the condo . int . abandoned condo - day peel paint , water damage , collapse ceiling and floor ... all result of the hurricane back in ' 08 . scooty jump out and try to scare the girl , pretend to be a ghost of this '' haunt '' building . moonee someday we will live in a place this big . jancey can I come over and play ? moonee of course , jancey ! and this be where my bed will be . moonee point to different section of the empty space . moonee ( cont 'd ) no , I all put my bed there and that 's where my toy will go there . 4l . scooty run off to another room and have fun break some window , throw debris from the second floor , etc . moonee and jancey break away from scooty . moonee approach a fireplace fill with debris . jancey I never live in a house that have a fireplace . moonee well , you do now ! wait ! I get the bestest idea ! jancey you do ? moonee scooty ! we need you lighter ! int . abandoned condo - live room - day moonee and jancey watch as scooty get he lighter to spark . ext . route 192 futureland lawn - day moonee , jancey and scooty run down the side of Route 192 onto the lawn of futureland . scooty we be in so much trouble ! moonee no , it will be okay . we just have to pretend we be not there ! jancey veer off and moonee / scooty keep run . moonee ( cont 'd ) ( yell to jancey ) Don 's t-tell -anyone-Jancey-okay -see - ya-Jjust-—go-home-no-one-say-a-word - okay -later-k-bye ! jancey ( scream ) okay ! scooty hurry ! 42 . moonee okayyyyy ! jancey okayyyyyyyyyyy !!!! ext . magic castle - day moonee and scooty run down the balcony to they respective room as resident exit they room and look to the sky . someone call 9 - 1 - 1 , some panic , some be excited but everyone rush to the scene . int . magic castle - lobby - day amber peek around the corner of the back office . amber yo , I need help out here . Bobby exit the back office . bobby what 's go on ? a family of three be check in : new girl ( 11 ) , new boy ( 7 ) and new father ( 35 ) be stand in front of the counter . New Father be deaf and be assist by he daughter . amber motion to the guest registration sheet . amber I can not explain it any better than I already have . the address thing . new girl my father do not understand what he do wrong . bobby let I see . oh , yeah . no problem . just initial here . States that the address on you id be you permanent address . New girl and New Boy turn to the father and translate in sign language . he speak back to they in sign language . new girl he say he tell she that that 's we old address . 43 . bobby yes , so , be there a new permanent address ? the kid turn and translate . the father reply . new girl he say he would not be move he family into a motel if we have a permanent address . bobby tell he I be try to help he here . legally I can not rent a room if you be homeless . new girl well , we be not homeless . Bobby raise he eyebrow . bobby and that 's exactly what my boss want to hear ... so write down a permanent address will help with that . get I ? again , the kid translate . all the while , resident be run by the lobby window . it 's distracting to Bobby . bobby ( cont 'd ) Excuse I a second . Bobby walk to the door as amber take over the check - in . ext . magic castle - lobby - day perplex , Bobby step out of the lobby to watch the excited resident run toward Route 192 . he notice a huge cloud of black smoke in the distance . int . magic castle - room 223 - day the door be open and Ashley watch the resident leave the parking lot . she be excited about see the fire . ashley c’mon , scooty ... do not you wanna see the burn house ? 44 , scooty no , it 's okay . I be just go to watch tv . she know something be wrong . ashley scooty . please tell I you do not have anything to do with this ? scooty no. I do not . ashley scooty . do not fuck with I right now . if you do this , I be in so much trouble . ext . magic castle - 2 nd floor walkway - day we see halley and moonee at the end of the walkway . halley hurry you ass , bitch . I do not want to miss this . Ashley lean out of she door . ashley I 'il meet you there . halley okay , hurry , bitch ! halley and moonee take off . int . magic castle - room 223 - day ashley you tell I the truth right now . you understand what will happen to we if you do this ? you want the fuckin’ dcf down here , scooty ?! Ashley be start to lose it , scare scooty . scooty I do not do it . moonee and jancey do it . Ashley get in scooty 's face . 45 . ashley and how do you know that ? be you there , scooty ? ext. / int . abandoned condo - dusk the excited crowd watch as firefighter attempt to put out the inferno . a crowd of onlooker be pump and very vocal . halley be offer a beer by some guy . she accept . fun all around . the fire be put out against the purple dusk sky . ext . magic castle - dusk gloria be smoking outside the front lobby as Bobby walk by . bobby you get another one of that ? gloria for you ? why not . Bobby light up . Bobby sit down as gloria stare at the remain smoke fade into the red sky . gloria ( cont 'd ) could have be arson . Bobby shrug , look down . gloria ( cont 'd ) they be so fuck ugly I be think of burn they down ! ext . magic castle - back balcony - day moonee nobody say anything right ? jancey and scooty confirm . moonee ( cont 'd ) okay , good . manhunt ! moonee , jancey and scooty play hide & seek . scooty begin count as the girl run away . 46 . int . magic castle - back office - day moonee and jancey run into the office and hide under the desk . they be force to be very close to one another ... and to Bobby 's foot . moonee even though you have you boot lace up , I can still smell you stinky foot . they smell , right ? jancey giggle . Bobby roll he eye . bobby this stinky foot be go to kick you in the face if you do not shut up . and please go outside . jancey start to get up . moonee stop she . moonee we be hide . this be serious . jancey Bobby , you should probably buy some Dr. scholl or talcum powder . scooty run in . scooty ( to amber ) you see moonee and jancey ? amber point to the back office . scooty run to the back . Bobby point to under the desk . moonee ( to Bobby ) oh man ! c’mon ! scooty ( to Bobby and amber ) you guy be not suppose to tell I ! bobby ( do not care ) g’bye . ext . magic castle - front stair jancey be count on the bottom of the front stair . scooty and moonee run up the stair to hide and run into livid Ashley . Ashley grab scooty and drag he away . 47 . ashley you think I be joke ? I tell you , you be not play with that two anymore . moonee be perplex . ext . magic castle - parking lot - night huge brawl with 5 brawlers and 10 brawl watcher in the middle of the parking lot . moonee watch from the 3rd floor balcony with halley . halley , smoking a blunt , cheer on the violence . she look down to the second floor balcony and see Ashley watch . halley yo , ash , you believe this shit !? Ashley look up , acknowledge , do not answer . halley ( cont 'd ) bitch , what 's good ? Ashley have retreat to she room . halley ( cont 'd ) ' fuck wrong with she ? a car spin out and run over one of the brawler . the crowd go crazy . ext . magic castle - parking lot - night - later Bobby , in boxer and a T-shirt , stand outside room 101 watch the car fly by . he call 911 . ext . magic castle - outside lobby - night flash police light illuminate the interior . 4 police officer be stand outside the office ask question of resident . a previously - see resident be complain to a officer that they should have leave the kid alone and let the fight continue . Bobby and patrice watch on . patrice what be I suppose to do ? 48 . bobby no more check in party larger than five unless it 's a family . no more open container of alcohol outside the room . no more kid hang up in the stairwell . and how ' bout this ? how ' bout no more let people run over other people in the fuck parking lot ? how ' bout that ? patrice I could not do anything , room 217 join in before I even get out ! the kid be fascinate with the officer . ext . fancy HOTEL - parking lot - day continuation of the '' candid camera '' style . halley and moonee attempt to sell more perfume to pedestrian . moonee sell just as hard as she mother . after one too many rejection , halley ask a golfer if he could spare a couple of buck . the man hand over a few singles . halley be distract from a perfume sale , she turn to see a security guard approach in a gold cart . she grab moonee and begin to walk swiftly out of the parking lot . security guard hey ! come back ! halley it 's fine . we be leave . security guard I need you to come with I . halley speed up the pace , pull moonee . security guard ( cont ’d ) you hear I ? you be solicit . halley you be not a real cop . security guard you can not do that on we property . Police be on the way and I need to confiscate that . 49 . a tug of war over the bag of perfume end in the entire bag explode onto the pavement . halley fuck ! you fuck bitch ! halley grab moonee and drag she away . ext . route 192 - day halley be stress , but then attempt to keep the mood fun by have moonee hop on she back . halley attempt to suppress tear as she walk moonee back toward Magic Castle . moonee why do we let she have we perfume ? halley it 's complicated , baby . moonee but why ? halley just c’mon . moonee but we just leave all we stuff there ? halley I can not get arrest again , moonee ! now come on ! ext . / int . waffle home - day moonee and jancey approach waffle Home . moonee motion for Ashley to meet they out back in a humorous way . Ashley ask a co- worker to help she with a order and go to the door . ext . waffle home - back door - day Ashley open the back door . ashley moonee , tell you mom , I can not be give away food , okay ? 50 . moonee oh , okay , well , be scooty here ? ashley nope . moonee oh ... he 's not at home . ashley he 's at my friend 's . moonee oh. well , it 's jancey 's birthday and we want to know if scooty -- ashley you can not come around here no more , okay ? I do not want you play with scooty anymore , get it ? moonee leave , confuse . ext . magic castle - parking lot - dusk Haley , moonee and jancey walk down Magic Castle driveway . haley you sure scooty do not want to come ? moonee that 's what Ashley say . haley Ashley say what ? moonee that they be not come . ext . route 192 - osceola county sign - magic hour halley be hitchhike . moonee and jancey stand next to she . jancey seem a bit confuse why they be on the side of the road so close to oncoming traffic . int . car - magic hour - traveling ( moving into night ) the driver , a clean - cut man in he upper 20 's who be clearly on he way to work at Magic Kingdom look in he rear view mirror , have second thought if pick up this three be a good idea . 51 . halley lean over and change the radio from a local station play a 1982 epcot Center instrumental track to a rap station . halley be very excited to hear '' boss ass bitch '' . halley begin to rap along with it . moonee join in . eventually , jancey join as well on the most explicit lyric . halley okay right up here be good . int . car / ext . desolate road - night ( traveling ) driver this be a dead end ... halley yep . thanks , dude . ext . desolate road - night the three step into a clear at the end of the road in the middle of nowhere . halley this be as close as we can get . jancey where be we go ? moonee shhh ! just follow we . ext . desolate road - night - continuous the three sit on the grass in the dark . the sodium -vapor light they from above . halley pull two 99 - cent-store no - name - brand can of soda and a 40 - ounce malt liquor from she bag . the kid drink they soda , halley smoke and drink she 40 . jancey but why be we in the middle of nowhere in the night ? moonee shhhh ! you will see . firework explode overhead . jancey be in complete awe from the explosion of magic . moonee smile . halley be excited . 52 . halley happy birthday to you ! make a wish , big girl . moonee happy birthday , jancey . jancey wow ! jancey blow out a candle on a cupcake . moonee do you make a birthday wish ? jancey of course ! the finale be spectacular , it 's cacophony of light , sound and color bounce off jancey and moonee 's pie-ey face . ext . magic castle - room 323 - day moonee watch Jerry springer while halley be waking up with a hangover . halley go run and get some waffle Home , baby . and where the fuck be scooty ? moonee I be not allow there anymore . and scooty be with that family in 246 . extreme delay response . loooooong beat . halley what ? ext . magic castle - room 246 - day halley knock hard on the door . room 246 father answer . scooty sit on the bed with a 4 year - old room 246 little girl . father hey , halley . halley look inside and address scooty . 53 . halley moonee 's gonna hit the pool , you wanna come hang ? father Ashley do not think that 's a good idea right now , so -- halley ' the fuck do that mean ? room 246 father okay , halley ... let 's not go there . room 246 mother walk over . room 246 mother we do not need you drama . halley you have not see I get dramatic , bitch . room 246 mother you define drama queen , bitch . halley what do Ashley say about I ? halley ignore the mother 's attempt to shut down the conversation and continue to create drama . the mother slam the door on she . int . waffle home - day halley march into waffle Home with moonee . she sit down and Ashley 's co- worker come over to take the order . halley ( point to Ashley ) sorry , but can she take we order ? the co-worker recognize moonee and smile . CO - worker oh , it 's you . never see you inside before . okay , hold on . the co-worker approach Ashley and gesture to halley . Ashley approach the table . ashley yeah . 54 . halley yeah ? ashley how can I help you , halley ? halley what 's go on ? ashley what do you mean ? halley moonee 's be tell I she be not welcome here anymore . ashley she 's allow to come into the establishment , but I can not be give any more food out . halley oh shit , you get in trouble ? ashley and I do not want scooty hang out with she or that new kid from futureland anymore . halley okay , so you be not in trouble . what 's goin’ on then ? ashley nothing . nothing to discuss . halley really ? ashley really . Ashley begin to walk away . halley yo . what type of service be that . you go to take we order ? Ashley take out she order pad . halley ( cont 'd ) moonee , order whatever the fuck you want . 55 . moonee yes ! I would like a strawberry waffle with extra warm syrup and egg and bacon and more strawberry . and blueberry . and coke . two of ‘em . halley that 's it ? you could order more . moonee extra bacon . and extra , extra syrup . ashley you get money for all this ? CUT to : int . waffle home - day - later a bunch of empty plate and mug surround little moonee . halley look over to Ashley . halley you wanna have a burping contest ? moonee 's eye light up . she let out a huge belch . halley ( cont 'd ) whoa , nice one . Ashley slap the bill on the table . halley lift up the bill and look at it . halley ( cont 'd ) I want the rest to go . Ashley bring a container and bag to the table and begin to turn away . halley ( cont 'd ) ya gonna pack this for we or do I call waffle Home Central and tell they what I think of one of they employee ? Ashley pack the container . all side be humiliate . moonee , oblivious , finish the last of she waffle . moonee say hi to scooty for I . 56 . ext . route 192 - day halley be drag moonee home with one hand along the side of US - 192 . halley be walk way too fast . in a act of rage , halley chuck the bag into the middle of oncoming traffic . a car screech . from off -screen , a angry driver scream at halley who return a middle finger over she shoulder . moonee Mom ! why do you do that ? halley hold back tear . int . magic castle - room 323 - night moonee and halley be in they room . hip hop play from the phone . halley be change into a bikini . moonee Bobby say we can not go night swim . halley well first off , screw Bobby . second , we be not go swim ... we be go to take swimsuit selfies ! moonee swimsuit selfies ! moonee get excited . she change into a bathing suit as well . halley swimsuit selfies ! that 's right ! you take some of I then I 'il take you . moonee okay ! moonee grab the phone and take some shot of she mom pose in various sexy pose . halley wait , hold up . halley carefully remove the picture of she with moonee on the bathroom mirror behind she . 57 . halley ( cont 'd ) okay , now . ready . moonee you know , selfies be actually when you take photo of yourself . ext . magic castle - parking lot - day Bright daylight . a church group be hand out bag loaf of white bread to various family . Bobby and Magic Castle owner narek stand and watch from a distance . a victim of domestic abuse stand in line . narek do they have to do it right here ? guest come right through here , for Christ 's sake , Bobby . bobby guy , can we move the van to the back , please ? thank you . church volunteer of course , no problem , Bobby . moonee shove she way through the line of people . moonee Excuse I . come through . church volunteer hi , what would you like ? moonee point to some bread . moonee I want that ! int . magic castle - room 323 - bathroom - night moonee play by herself in the bathtub . a cheap radio sit on the top of the toilet blast some hip -hop . ext . magic castle - room 323 + empty room - day in a montage sequence , Bobby watch as moonee and she daughter make a bunch of trip from they room to a vacant motel room ( be use as a storage room ) locate near the office . halley become more and more belligerent by carry less item on every trip , drag out the process . ext . magic castle - walkway + empty room - day Bobby be carry three large plastic bag full of clothes behind halley and moonee . bobby you know the deal . no reason to express you opinion about it . halley I have a idea . why do not you just say we do this . bobby I be not go through this again . the sooner you be out , the sooner you be back in . let 's go . halley I do not understand why we get to even do this , it 's stupid . bobby I be not go to explain this to you every time , halley ... I be not let you establish residency . do not think I think you be as dumb as you want I to think . you 'il fuck I . you do not want to do it then you can go . halley but who will know if we do this or not ? Bobby point upwards to one of the many cctv 's . bobby and I be be serious right now ... I be be straight with you ... you have to square up by Friday . halley you need to get laid , son . c’mon , moonee . bobby see you in twenty four hour . 59 . ext . route 192 - day halley and moonee exit the Magic Castle driveway and walk to the motel directly across 192 ... int . arabian night motel - lobby - day halley , hold she duffel bag , stand in front of the Arabian Night manager jimmy ( male , 40 's ) . moonee wait with she backpack . halley hey hey . it 's that time of the month . the manager smirk , obviously familiar with halley . he begin take out the paperwork to check she in . jimmy forty five , my dear . halley forty five ? no no . I come here one night a month and the rate be thirty five . jimmy one night be forty five . halley but the Magic Castle discount ... jimmy ( motion over he shoulder ) I know . I know . the new owner be not honore the discount . halley not honore my fuckin’ ass . oh , owner ! owner , will you come out here please ? the arabian night owner , a South asian woman , enter from the back office . owner be everything alright here ? 60 . halley everything be not alright . I be right across the way at Magic Castle . I come here once a month and the rate 's $ 35 . owner yes , well , we policy have change . halley you can not just change you policy . owner I certainly can . halley oh fuck this right now . halley take out she phone and dial up Bobby on speaker . halley ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hey Bobby , this fuckos at the Arabian wanna charge I -- she extend she arm out to hold the phone closer to the owner . jimmy forty five . halley forty five buck . can you tell they it 's thirty five . jimmy hey , Bobby -- it 's out of my control here . bobby ( on phone ) hey Jimmy . what 's go on ? the owner interrupt . owner hello . this be the new owner of Arabian Night . any agreement or deal you motel have with the previous owner be no longer be honore or recognize . thank you . 61 . bobby ( on phone ) who 's this ? owner this be the new owner . thank you . bobby ( on phone ) okay , but what be you name ? owner that be not important . we be very busy here . thank you . halley busy ? this place be empty , Bobby . ext . route 192 - day Bobby cross Route 192 head to the Arabian Night . int . arabian night motel - lobby - day Bobby enter the lobby . halley and moonee be splay out on the couch . Jimmy and the Arabian Night owner be behind the desk . bobby hey , what 's go on ? jimmy yeah , think you get the memo . no more discount for any of the motel . not just the Castle . bobby please to meet you , ma ’am . I be Bobby Horton , I manage the Magic Castle across the way . there 's be a agreement in place for a while where we give a little break to each other 's tenant for one night for -- owner I be well aware of the arrangement you use to have in place with we motel but as I have say five time now this be no longer be honore . jimmy ( under he breath ) just go through this for the enchant Inn . bobby can you perhaps just -- owner this be not up for discussion . halley see what I be sayin’ , Bobby ? moonee she 's a real dickwad . they all look to halley , who be hold in laughter . halley what be you lookin’ at I for ? she say it . Bobby do a quick breathe exercise . he then whip ten dollar bill from he wallet and slam it down on counter . bobby ( to moonee ) Magic Castle discount . there ya go . sleep tight . halley awwww ... the feel . you so sweet , Bobby . I be sorry I be a dickwad to you earlier . 62 . out a the Bobby look at moonee , to see if she hear she mom say that . moonee do not look at I , she say it . owner we do not need you business . all of you kindly leave . thank you . halley what ? owner if you could please leave . thank you . 63 . halley I have the forty five . you can not do that . Bobby and Jimmy know this be a no-win situation and keep quiet . owner listen to yourself and you child . no wonder you be in this situation . please leave the property . halley walk forward and spit at the owner . it get the intend response . she grab moonee and exit into magic hour . ext . futureland inn - dusk halley and moonee approach the motel . int . futureland inn - jancey 's room - night Big sleepover with grandma stacy / jancey / luci/halley/moonee . much have change in this room . grandma stacy have completely move she family in , feel more live - in than halley 's room . halley damn , girl , this shit look fancy in here . grandma stacy thank you . halley you a interior decorator or some shit ? it 's mad cozy . Little luci play in one corner . jancey show moonee some of she stuff in another . grandma stacy and halley sit on the bed . moonee Mom , they have so many toy . why can not I have this many toy ? jancey gramma , if you will be in the one bed with luci then can I be in the other with moonee and she mom ? 64 . grandma stacy sure , honey . halley ( point to crock - pot ) what 's that ? grandma stacy what , that ? that 's a crock -pot . that 's where I make my rice and peas . halley damn , I have to learn how to cook or something ' cause that lunchable hurt moonee 's stomach . moonee lunchable suck . grandma stacy ( nod ) crock-pot . jancey gramma , can they sleep here every night ? moonee yeah ! jancey this be gonna be the bestest funnest sleepover ever . halley since it 's bedtime can we finally go outside and smoke a blunt ? ext . magic castle - empty room + room 323 - day Bobby unlock the storage room for halley and moonee . ext . magic castle - playground - day moonee , jancey and cubby ( now with 2 cast on he arm ) be play on the dilapidate swingset . two dog , bunsen and boonee , frolic with the kid . a suspicious man ( 70' ) approach . suspicious man hi , kid . have fun ? 65 . ext . magic castle - 3rd floor walkway - day - continuous Bobby be up on a ladder painting the gutter of the third floor walkway . Bobby notice the suspicious man speak with the kid down below . a full bucket of purple paint fall and almost hit a lucky resident . lucky resident what the fuck , Bobby ?! ext . magic castle - parking lot - day - continuous Bobby exit the stairwell and make a bee-line towards the playground . lucky resident wipe paint off himself . Bobby turn and walk towards the playground . the commotion have cause the suspicious man to look over and see Bobby approach . he begin to walk away . bobby Excuse I ? can I help you ? suspicious man no , that 's okay . bobby what 's okay ? you a guest here ? suspicious man um , no . just look for um , a soda machine . bobby yeah , come to a motel to get a soda ? suspicious man yeah , it 's okay . thanks anyway . bobby no , no , no . follow I . suspicious man no really , it 's okay . i’1l finda convenience store . bobby I ' 11 show you where the machine be . come with I . the suspicious man reluctantly follow Bobby . 66 . bobby ( cont 'd ) you parched ? suspicious man oh yeah . bobby get to whet that palate ? suspicious man yeah . I never do get use to this humidity . they walk by the drying paint . suspicious man ( cont ’d ) look like you have stuff to tend to here . I will just go ahead and find it somewhere else . bobby no , it 's right over here . come on . Bobby escort the nervous old man over to the soda machine near the utility room . bobby ( cont 'd ) look at that choice . the man stand there nervously . bobby ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for ? the man put coin in the machine and choose a fresca . bobby ( cont 'd ) what a choice . suspicious man okay , thank you . bobby wait . think you be thirsty . not go to drink it now ? the jittery man crack open the can and drink . extremely awkward silence . bobby ( cont 'd ) good ? suspicious man yeah . 67 . the man take a swig and Bobby slap the can out of he hand . bobby get the fuck out of here now . the man turn around and begin walk toward the front of the motel . Bobby be right on he back , very threaten . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( through gritt tooth ) I see you back on this property again and you will not be leave it , understand ? suspicious man I do not know what you be talk about . bobby yeah , you do not know what I be talk about ? gonna play it like that ? they be pass by the lobby at this point , Bobby grab the man in a semi-headlock and reach into he front pocket . the feeble man be scared and squirm . Bobby quickly yank out a wallet . he open it and look at the driver 's license . bobby ( cont 'd ) alright ... Charles coachman of cherry Hill , New Jersey ... suspicious man what business be that of yours ? Bobby chuck the wallet over he head . the man pathetically chase after it . bobby Calling in you name to the precinct , motherfucker . see you here again and I swear to God ... the man swiftly walk away towards Route 192 . int . magic castle - room 323 - bathroom - night moonee be in the bathtub , eye close . the radio play a hip - hop song . she dip she head in the water so only she nose and mouth be not submerge . 68 . ext . magic castle parking lot - day a church group be park at the Magic Castle . resident take advantage of the food be pass out . church volunteer excite to go back to school ? moonee no . church volunteer no ? why not ? moonee give she a look that say '' stupidest question ever '' and grab a loaf of white bread and jelly . ext . park - uprooted tree - day moonee and jancey sit under a giant uproote tree . they be eat the jelly and bread . jancey this be the best jelly I ever eat . moonee you love it ? jancey yeah . moonee go to marry it ? jancey yeah . moonee you be go to have to kiss it then . jancey laugh and kiss the jelly . jancey this be a cool place for we new club to have for a meeting spot . moonee you know why this be my favorite tree ? 69 . jancey why ? moonee ' Cause it tip over , and it 's still grow . int . magic castle - room 323 - night halley wake up moonee to take a bath . the clock read 2:04 am . ext . magic castle - night Bobby see a unfamiliar man exit room 323 . ext . magic castle - pool - day Bobby be busy clean the pool as Ashley and scooty approach . Bobby wrap up he clean duty as Ashley and scooty go swim . bobby hey Ashley , just curious , have you be spot halley she rent ? ashley what ? why would I do that ? I do not even talk to that bitch . ext . magic castle - 3rd floor walkway - day halley and moonee be stare down at the pool from the 3rd floor balcony . down the walkway , 2 guy be drool over Ashley , a whistle to let she know they be there . moonee can I go swim with scooty ? halley you be not go swim while that bitch be down there . int . magic castle - room 323 - night halley and moonee be talk while they watch tv . halley 's phone ring . she pick it up and move away from moonee . 70 . halley okay ... go to the back of the parking lot . Far corner . halley get up and exit the room . ext . magic castle - room 323 - night halley look over the balcony . she watch a volvo park . halley what kind of car you drive ? ( beat ) you be not with any law enforcement be you ? ( beat ) room 323 , baby . she hang up . and walk back into the room . halley ( cont 'd ) moonee ! bath time . ext . magic castle - near elevator - day Bobby and Jack be attempt to drag a break ice machine into the elevator . bobby I tell you , you get to spin it . jack I be . bobby clockwise . jack this be clockwise . bobby oh yeah . okay . well , counter - clockwise . jack I be ! they manage to move the bulky machine a few foot toward the elevator . Bobby 's eye be racing . deep breath . Jack notice this . 71 . jack ( cont 'd ) I wish she a happy birthday for you by the way . Bobby straighten up . bobby but I do not . jack push . bobby I do not . why do you do that ? Jack be still try to push the machine . Bobby stop as they get it half way into the elevator . bobby ( cont 'd ) why would you do that ? call she and tell she I do not . the elevator door attempt to close . Bobby use he foot to keep it from shutting . bobby ( cont 'd ) first you get she on the phone and you tell she I do not wish she anything damn it . jack ya know what -- Jack back off the ice machine . jack ( cont 'd ) keep you hundred buck . bobby hey . I think you have appreciate the extra work . jack uh no . it take a hour and a half to drive here . totally screw my Saturday . I do not need the extra work . give you money to he . Jack turn and point to a resident sit on the walkway . jack ( cont 'd ) or she . they need it . or just tell you boss to hire a extra hand . 72 . Bobby think for a moment . bobby okay then . just help I get this downstairs . the man continue to work . bobby ( cont 'd ) and tell she I do not wish she anything . we be all out of wish over here . int . magic castle - room 223 scooty drive Ashley crazy by jump on the bed . scooty why can not I play with moonee ? ashley you can play with other kid . scooty I do not want to play with other kid . int . magic castle - room 323 - bathroom - night moonee be in the bathtub . we hear a door open off-screen . moonee look over . JOHN ( 30' ) enter the room ( we only hear he voice ) . JOHN ( 0.8 ) Jesus ! there 's a kid in here ?! halley ( 0.s. ) dude , I say the bathroom be off limit ! JOHN ( 0.8 ) I have to piss . this be you kid ? halley ( 0.s. ) moonee , pull the shower curtain . moonee pull the curtain . we hearing the sound of urinate on the other side of the curtain . 73 . ext . route 192 - ticket hut - day halley and moonee visit a nearby theme park ticket hub and halley attempt to sell four unused theme park ticket wristband to ticket hut worker . halley do I look like a ticket scammer ? this be never use , they do not have the biometric finger print thingy or whatever they be assign to they yet . ticket hut worker I understand but still not interested . halley who 's gonna know ? ticket hut worker I do not know what to tell you . try at the park . ext . route 192 - ticket hut - later halley and moonee loiter a bit further away from ticket Hut . a rental car pull into the lot with british mom , british boy , british dad . dad hop out and walk toward the ticket place . halley hey , you go in there ? british dad I be . halley do not buy from this place , they rope you into to buy timeshare . I get some I be try to sell . british dad no thank you . halley dude , they 'il make you do a two hour tour and hard sell you , you really wanna do that shit on you vacation ? moonee hold out the multi-color magicband display on she wrist like a use watch salesman . british dad you be sell the ticket band ? halley I have four , they charge $ 164 per day so , that 's like $ 600 , so I can do $ 400 cash . british dad and this will work ? no trick ? halley they be totally unused . my family have to cancel we vacation and they do not give refund . but we do not use they , they 's 1ll work , I could even go with you to the front gate or whatever so you know I be for real . british dad this be Park -hopper , yeah ? halley sure . yeah . ticket -buy dad okay . yeah . okay . shall we say $ 250 ? halley Cash ? british dad yeah . halley lowest I can go be $ 300 . and that 's a steal , man . british dad right then . the dad take out the cash . halley give the man the band , Moon . moonee reluctantly give he the magicband , halley take the cash . british dad thanks , sweetheart . 75 . int . / ext . dollar store - day halley bring moonee on a shopping spree and play in the aisle of the dollar store . they exit and halley push moonee home in the shopping cart . they put on british accent , make fun of the dad they just sell band to . halley be they ... pok-hoppah ? moonee I need dem pok-hoppah ! they giggle as they speed up and ride coast along with they shopping cart . int . magic castle - lobby - day halley watch as Bobby scan halley 's rent money , mostly big bill , under the counterfeit detector . amber be work in the background . moonee be outside , sit in the shopping cart . bobby back in the work force ? halley say what ? bobby New job ? halley yeah . bobby interesting hour . halley what ? bobby number one , I see you around in pj 's all day , every day . number two , if you be work , who 's look after moonee ? halley umm , mind you own business , bro. Bobby look and see moonee in the shopping cart outside the lobby . moonee wave . 76 . bobby get that steal cart off the property . int . magic castle - room 323 - day halley and moonee be on the bed . there be pound at the door . halley get up and look through the peep hole . she turn around and walk back to the bed . moonee who be it ? halley nobody . go away asshole or I be gonna call the police ! ext . magic castle - room 323 - day - continuous we see we bathroom John pound on the door . he continue as Bobby approach . bobby hey . hey . hey . what 's goin’ on ? JOHN none of you business , bro . bobby it be my business . I be the manager here . what 's go on ? JOHN the girl who life here have something of mine . bobby the six year - old ? JOHN no . the mom . Bobby knock on the door and convince halley to open it . bobby this guy say you have something of he . halley I do not know who this guy be . 77 . bobby she do not know who you be . wrong girl . now c’mon . gotta to leave the property if you be not stay here . JOHN I be not leave until she give I my four magicband . she lift four magicband from my jeans . halley what the fuck be a magical Band ? I do not what this guy be talkin’ about . JOHN when I be in the bathroom , you take my family 's fuck band . bobby let 's go . she do not know what you be talk about . halley have not change she blank expression . JOHN I know you know what I be talk about goddamnit ! I want they back now ! you steal $ 1700 . that 's grand larceny . that lose profit margin sting halley but she retain she composure . Bobby intervene . bobby listen , bud , look , I 'il be happy to call the cop right now . we will put in a report . you can tell they what you business be on the premise . four of that bracelet ? so I can assume this be for you wife and child , yeah ? John have calm down . bobby ( cont 'd ) right . so why do not you get the fuck off this property now and do not let I see you here again . John leave , defeat . 78 . halley it 's about time you make yourself useful , can you believe that shit ? Bobby take a deep breath and slowly turn around to halley . bobby I be try to keep this job . and I be go to keep this job . I be try to keep this place free of headache . and you be the biggest headache . halley I be you biggest headache ? you get ms - 13 in 204 , dude . bobby I swear to God , halley . no more . if you have guest , they have to check in with I at the front desk . ext . magic castle - 3rd floor walkway - day - continuous Bobby walk towards the front office , halley follow , barefoot and in pajamas . halley what the fuck be you talk about ? moonee begin to follow she mother onto the walkway . halley ( cont 'd ) get the fuck back inside , moonee ! moonee comply . halley ( cont 'd ) you can not just not let I have guest . what give you the authority ! bobby um , my job title ? halley I have friend though , I have a lot friend . 79 . bobby they be gonna have to check in with I . that mean id . they have to leave it at the front desk . halley that 's like invasion of privacy shit . Bobby almost laugh . int . magic castle - lobby - day - continuous Bobby enter the lobby follow by halley . amber be behind the counter . halley oh fuck you , Bobby , I do not gotta do shit . bobby out of the lobby . now. seriously . you have three second to get out of the lobby or you be outta here tonight . I be sure the hope Center have a room for you somewhere . stare down . bobby ( cont 'd ) one. two ... halley leave swear she ass off . from outside , she continue to berate Bobby but he ignore she . finally , she take out a maxi-pad from and stick it to the lobby window . she storm off . amber and I think I have see it all . ext . magic castle - laundry area - day halley and moonee sit on wash machine in back of Magic Castle . a previously - see woman come by , see halley , turn around . halley Bobby fix this ? she ignore she and continue to walk away . 80 . halley ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be wrong with she ? ext . big field - day moonee and jancey play in a field behind Route 192 . it begin to rain . they sit under a tree and wait it out . jancey moonee , why do you take I on this adventure ? moonee I do not know it be gonna rain all over the place . jancey well I hope there 's another rainbow after it stop so we can still catch that leprechaun . the rain stop . the girl walk out onto the field . no rainbow . cattle and horse pass by . moonee see ? I take you on a safari . they both share a laugh and a smile . ext . route 192 - day moonee and jancey be walk back , still wet from the rain . jancey be no longer upset to be wet . int . JOHN 's car - route 192 - day ( travelling ) while drive along Route 192 , John spot moonee and jancey walk on the side of the road . he pull over abruptly , startling he JOHN wife ( 39 ) in the passenger seat and he two JOHN kide in the back seat . he park on the shoulder and jump out of the car . JOHN wife what 's go on ? JOHN stay here . 81 . ext . route 192 - day the John catch up to moonee and jancey on the side of the road . JOHN hey ! you two ! hey , girl ! yeah . think that be you . the kid be frighten . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do not be scared . I have just get to tell you something . he rest he hand on she shoulder and calmly lean in and speak in she ear . JOHN ( cont 'd ) guess what ? you be go to grow up and be a prostitute just like mother . you know what a prostitute be ? it 's a whore . and that 's what you have to look forward to . that 's all you have to look forward to . the John return to the car . int . JOHN 's car - route 192 - day ( travelling ) John pull the car away , he family bewilder . JOHN wife what be that ? JOHN oh , they give I direction the other day and I just want to thank they . JOHN wife aww , that be sweet . she look at she husband with loving eye . int . magic castle - room 223 - dusk halley reluctantly approach room 223 . she knock . scooty answer . scooty Mom , it 's halley . 82 . Ashley approach the door . ashley ( motion to walk away ) scooty . ( to halley ) what ? halley hey , look . I do not know what moonee do . she probably do some shit and I be sorry about that . but I do not think that shit should , you know , affect we , you know ? they be kid . ashley be that it ? halley yeah , well , look . can you help I with rent this week ? I be ass out . Ashley chuckle . halley ( cont 'd ) what ? ashley I think you get it cover . halley what be you talk about . ashley you do not think everybody know what 's up halley ? like everybody ? halley ' the fuck be you talk about ? ashley bitch ... Ashley lean back and grab the phone from she night stand . she approach the door as she pull up a web page . ashley ( cont 'd ) that 's you . Ashley lift the phone and show a ad on backpage.com . it 's clearly a photo take on the '' swimsuit selfies '' night . bikini - clad halley shot from the neck down . a phone number be print across the image . 83 . halley that 's not I . Ashley laugh . ashley be you fuck kid I ?! that be you tat bitch ! and I swear to God , if scooty be ever in that room when you be whore out , I will fuckin’ kill you -- halley attack Ashley . the woman topple over the bed and halley proceed to beat Ashley hard . Three blow to the face . halley look up and see scooty watch this , stunne and freeze . she leave . int . magic castle - room 323 - night halley run past moonee who be sit on the bed . she projectile vomit in bathroom . moonee Mom ? you okay ? ext . magic castle - day moonee and jancey wait out the rain . ext . magic castle - 2 nd floor balcony Haley smoking in the rain . ext . magic castle - parking lot - day moonee show jancey a rainbow . ext . / int . magic castle - lobby — day from inside the lobby look outside ... moonee and jancey be sit in the same chair together . outside , a car drive by . in the back office , the elevator monitor show two individual at room 323 ( case worker , see earlier and a dcf investigator ) . this grab Bobby 's attention . he leave the office and pass by amber . 84 . bobby I think the city 's here . ext . magic castle - day jancey and moonee come out , trail after Bobby . they follow he down the entire walkway . Bobby turn around and see the kid follow he . bobby hey guy , go back to the lobby okay ? moonee wait , you want we in the lobby now ? jancey this guy be coo-coo crazy . the kid continue to follow he . Bobby turn the corner , near the elevator and walk swiftly up the stair . he walk onto the third floor walkway . over he shoulder -- a commotion at room 323 . bobby Girls , stay here okay ? I mean it . the girl stop at the top of the stairwell . Bobby continue to approach 323 . jancey ( to moonee ) they be at you room . the camera stay with the kid as the commotion continue down the walkway . we hear shouting from the distance . halley ( to Bobby as he approach ) «.. you call dcf on I , motherfucker ? bobby I do not know what you be talk about . what 's this all about ? the dcf investigator and case Worker try to explain as halley start to flip out . 85 . halley Ashley call dcf on I , do not she ? dcf investigator ma’am , we receive a call and it do not matter from who -- halley you fuck tell I who call you and I ‘’1l tell you why it happen . if it be Ashley she 's hat ' cause I beat she ass . case worker you be get into fight ? Bobby notice moonee and jancey inching closer and go back to stop they . bobby Girls , please , just wait right here , okay , please ? moonee why be my mom yell ? bobby she 's just talk to this lady . jancey , you should go home for now , okay ? jancey yes , Bobby . bye , moonee . halley you be not come into my place , I do not do nothin’ wrong . you do not have no court order ! moonee but why be she so upset ? bobby I do not know . they be just talk . halley continue to yell and shout . bobby ( cont 'd ) it ’'ll be okay , just some sort of confusion . halley notice Bobby talk to moonee . 86 . halley you be do this in front of my fuckin’ kid ? ext . magic castle - parking lot - day we follow jancey as she walk home alone . she look back over she shoulder a couple of time from the end of the driveway . int . magic castle - lobby - day the dcf investigator be outside with Bobby and moonee . we see they through the glass door . amber sit in the background . halley be sit on moonee 's chair in the lobby . she be calming down . halley I have be look after she fuck kid while she 's off make money . how be I suppose to make any money , huh ? how ? case worker so ... halley so what ? case worker so will you take a drug test for dcf ? halley you know I smoke . but that 's it . case worker refuse the test and start flush you system . ext . magic castle - lobby - day Bobby smoke a cigarette . moonee hide in the enclave . dcf investigator ( to moonee ) want to come out here and talk with I , moonee ? moonee just shake she head . 87 . dcf investigator ( cont ’d ) ( to Bobby ) be you aware of any possible neglect of this child ? the child be leave unattend , go hungry , be in the room while the mother be engage in illegal activity . Bobby think for a moment . bobby if I do , you would have hear from I . dcf investigator can you tell I the kind of stuff you do each day , moonee ? silence . dcf investigator ( cont ’d ) you ever swim in the pool ? moonee yeah . duh . int . magic castle - lobby - day the case worker continue to speak with halley . case worker okay , well then , dcf have open a investigation . she 's go to be collect evidence base on the accusation . she could be back here by the end of the week . hopefully there be nothing to find . you understand ? halley just stare . case worker ( cont ’d ) now , I have to warn you . stay unemotional when they return be in you best interest . you do what you do today and you action will be consider detrimental to moonee . this will not help you case in any way . you understand ? halley 's eyebrow raise -- the ultimate sarcastic , belligerent expression that have '' you can go fuck yourself '' write all over it . int . magic castle - room 323 - night moonee be asleep while halley lie next to she smoking a cigarette and fight the tear . finally , she get up out of bed and begin pound the floor with she foot repeatedly . moonee stir . moonee what 's go on ? halley nothing . go back to bed . int . magic castle - room 323 - day halley and moonee clean up the room . int . magic castle - office - day Bobby , narek and the dcf investigator be cramme in the back office . bobby you understand that we do not have to let they review this , right ? let they get a subpoena . narek be you crazy ? you want a court case against Magic Castle ? that 's the last thing I need . they can review all they want . plus , this be about the possible neglect of a child . dcf investigator thank you . int . magic castle - laundry area - day halley approach bertha who be fold towel . halley I have a present for you . halley hand over a bag of weed . 89 . halley ( cont 'd ) this be for you . but make sure you smoke all of it . bertha thank you . halley enjoy that shit for I . bertha hey. halley . do not worry . it will all be okay . ext . magic castle - lobby - dusk Bobby walk out of the lobby . Three crane stare back at he , refuse to budge . Bobby shoos they off the driveway . they slowly move off the asphalt . ext . magic castle - parking lot - picnic table - day moonee and halley sit on the picnic table . they be painting each other 's toenail . they decide to paint each toe a different color . they watch as Ashley exit she room with scooty ( this be the first time we see she post- beatdown ) . she be bruise badly . she walk he down the stair to room 246 . Ashley then walk silently across the parking lot and down the driveway in she waffle Home uniform . it begin raining hard . the two do not mind . halley adventure ? ext . field - rain - day halley and moonee run and frolic in the rain . ext . alley way - day halley and moonee run through puddle after the rain . 90 . int . magic castle - room 323 - bathroom - night moonee be in the bath , halley be wash she hair . ext./ int . calypso cay - buffet room - day halley take moonee to a much nicer hotel down Route 192 where they go in and partake in the free breakfast buffet . moonee be most excited about how she can make she own waffle that be shape as a famous mouse . moonee be ecstatic about the delicious food she be eat . halley try she best to converse with she daughter but spend most of the time hold back tear . ( this scene will be shot hold on moonee 's face as she eat ) . moonee I wish fork be make of candy . ( beat ) then I could eat the fork after my meal . ( beat ) we gotta come here all the time . ( beat ) Mom , you look bust . ( beat ) I be go to put a strawberry , raspberry and bacon in my mouth at the same time . moonee continue to stuff she face . a HOTEL worker ( female , 20' ) walk over , eyeing they . HOTEL worker could I get you room number ? halley 323 . HOTEL worker thank you . halley wink at moonee . moonee let out a little smirk . moonee continue to eat as halley sit in silence , she watery eye watch she daughter at she happiest . ext . magic castle - room 323 - day halley and moonee come back from breakfast and walk by two police car in the parking lot . 91 . the case Worker , dcf investigator , a dcf worker and Bobby be accompany by a dcf supervisor and two sheriff . halley and moonee make it to they room . halley push past everyone and open she room . she turn around and face everyone . halley can I help you ? because you 's 1ll need a court order to get I to take a drug test . case worker halley , this dcf officer be here in regards to moonee . halley you wanna inspect my room ? be we guest . the group follow halley inside the room . halley ( cont 'd ) wanna shake my cereal box to check for bury treasure ? look inside my fridge ? dcf investigator halley ? halley what ? what do you want ? dcf investigator we have security footage that show nine different man enter and exite you room over the last three week . bobby uh , why do not you take little moonee outside so you can talk privately . the case worker escort moonee outside the room . dcf investigator we have also obtain a online classified ad solicit costumer for sexual activity with you phone number attach . halley take a moment to make eye contact with each person . 92 . ext . magic castle - room 323 - day moonee go ? for how many day ? case worker it all only be temporary . moonee what 's temporary ? case worker that just mean for a little bit of time , can we do that ? there will be lot and lot of toy , okay ? moonee I guess so . int . magic castle - room 323 - day dcf investigator .+- but luckily we have a family in Polk County that can take she for the entire course of the investigation . halley remain calm and collect . Bobby watch silently . ext . magic castle - room 323 - day moonee can I say goodbye to my friend scooty ? case worker we do not call it a goodbye but you can give you friend a hug . and you will see they soon . i’1l check to see if that 's okay . the case worker peer back into the room . case worker ( cont ’d ) she want to say bye to she friend . int . magic castle - room 323 - day a nod of approval from inside . 93. dcf worker I will take she . dcf investigator my colleague will take moonee downstairs to say goodbye . in the meantime , it would be great if you could pack she a bag , also maybe a favorite doll or toy . halley silently comply . ext . magic castle - 3rd and 2 nd floor walkway - day moonee be escort down to room 223 by the case worker . they knock on the door . Ashley answer . ashley yes ? dcf worker hello , miss . my name be Susan Watson and I be with dcf . we have a quick favor to ask . moonee Ashley , what happen to you face ? scooty hi , moonee . my mom say you be leave ? moonee it 's a temporary . we can do a hug or a high - five . they choose both . dcf worker thank you . moonee I hope you eye feel better , Ashley . ashley thank you , baby . scooty my mom say you be go to another family . 94 , ashley scooty . dcf worker thanks again so much . Ashley push scooty inside and close the door as moonee be walk back toward the stair . moonee why do he say I be go to another family ? dcf worker you be just go to live with they for a little while . moonee wait , be that cop -- be they take my mom away ? dcf worker no . moonee be they take I to a stranger family ? dcf worker we be take you to a nice family . just for a little -- moonee well I do not want to . dcf worker okay , moonee , you mom know about this and -- moonee stop . moonee stop follow she up the stair . dcf worker you mom know about it and say it 's okay -- moonee stop ! you want I to get super angry ? 95 . int . magic castle - laundry area - day Bobby have back off to the back area of the motel where a woman and child be wait for they clothes to finish . bobby I be go to fix that other machine by the end of this week . woman sure , Bobby . int . magic castle - room 323 - day halley be pack moonee 's clothes in a small bag . she take one of the photo booth strip ( of halley and moonee ) off the mirror and put it in the bag . the case worker come back into the room . case worker halley , we need you . she 's be very emotional right now . halley you want I to help you take my child away from I ? be you retarded ? you stupid , right ? ext . magic castle - 2 nd floor stair - day moonee refuse to take another step back up towards the police . moonee I want to say goodbye to jancey . dcf worker which room do jancey live in ? moonee she 's at futureland . dcf investigator we have to go . we can not go over there right now . you will be see you friend soon . moonee no , I will not . that 's a lie . 96 . int . magic castle - room 323 - day halley you be literally ask I to help you take away my fuck kid . dcf investigator halley , calm down . halley calm down ? you want fuck help ? halley pour everything she just pack up back onto the bed . dcf investigator hey ! halley get the fuck out of my house ! that 's what will help ! ext . magic castle - 2 nd floor stair - day moonee be more agitate . moonee you be such a liar ! int . magic castle - room 323 - day halley be more agitate . halley you be a fuck liar ! ext . magic castle - 2 nd floor stair - day moonee pull away from the dcf Worker . moonee stop ! she break free and make a run for it down the stair . the dcf woman lunge for moonee and trip in the process . ext . magic castle - across from lobby - day moonee run toward Route 192 alongside the stream next to Magic Castle . she cross a damage wooden bridge . 97 . int . magic castle - room 323 - day halley see commotion outside she room on the walkway . bobby which way do she go ? case worker ( point ) that way ! bobby Jesus Christ . the police officer and Bobby run to the front of the motel . halley what 's go on ? case worker ( wind ) moonee run away . we think she go to see she friend at futureland . halley you let she just run away ? case worker please halley ... halley and I be the one who 's unfit ? fuck . you ! ext . route 192 - day moonee run down the sidewalk next to Route 192 , pass familiar site ( Orange World , wizard gift shop , twistee treat , burn - down condos , etc . ) ext . futureland inn - jancey 's room - day moonee make it to jancey 's room in one piece . she pound on the door . jancey answer the door . moonee be wind . moonee jancey . jancey hi , moonee . 98 . moonee do not speak . she be hold back tear . Police siren be hear in the distance . jancey be confuse . int . futureland inn - jancey 's room - day Inside , grandma stacy tend to a spill from little luci in the back of the room . ext . futureland inn - jancey 's room - day jancey moonee , what 's wrong ? moonee please ... jancey you be scare I . moonee you be my best friend . and this may be the last time I be go to see you ... jancey what 's go on ? moonee ? jancey be scared . moonee be frantic . she can no longer hold back the tear . moonee «..good bye . jancey look back into she room , then back into moonee 's eye . jancey grab moonee 's hand and dart toward Route 192 , drag moonee with she . ext . magic castle - lobby - day Bobby sit down on the bench in front of the lobby , pull out he last cigarette and light it up . ext . route 192 - day jancey lead moonee on a mad dash across Route 192 . 99 . int . car - day ( travelling ) tear run down halley 's face as she sit solemnly in the front passenger seat as they circle nearby block search for moonee . ext . various route 192 location - day jancey lead moonee off the beat path , eventually toward a phone line in the shape of a certain mouse . jancey and moonee make they way to Route 535 and then Route i4 lead to the Magic Kingdom . ext . entrance sign - day jancey continue to lead moonee toward the entrance sign of the theme park property at a even faster pace . ext . theme park entrance gate - day jancey encourage moonee to hurry up and follow she toward a big parking lot entrance gate . a monorail whizze by overhead . ext . theme park - MAIN STREET - day jancey and moonee 's little tear - up sneaker run past hundred of tourist 's leg , park map and deflate balloon on the asphalt of the park 's '' Main Street USA '' . moonee 's foot pick up speed . she hop over a spill mouse - shape ice cream bar . her foot leap out of frame . ext . theme park - day jancey and moonee sprint faster than ever ... weaving through tourist ... through cast member ... they race toward a perfect enchant storybook castle , glimmer in the sun against a dreamlike sky .