the postman screenplay by Brian helgeland and Eric roth base on the novel by David Brin November 4 , 1996 early production draft for educational purpose only fade in : 1 ext . desert landscape ( utah ) - day 1 jag mountain defy a dark , forebode sky . we hear plodding hoove , creaking leather . a lone wanderer appear . wearing a long coat and a batter hat , he carry a bolt-action carbine . his name forget , history remember he simply as the postman . his laden pack mule , bill , brays , as they pass a batter sign : " the great Salt Lake marina . " they start down a slope and begin to cross a ... dry lake bed a bizarre , wind -swept sight . dozen of boat rest lee - to on the dry , crack earth . it 's like God pull the plug . rusty moor chain snake they way around house boat , ski boat and a cabin cruiser or two . woman ( v.o. ) the last of the great city die when my father be a child . another victim of yet another war . the plague follow . and the terror . the live hide themselves away in tiny hamlet in hope of survive whatever new madness conspire to rob they of the little that remain . the Earth itself have fall prey to chaos . for three year a dirty snow fall that even summer could not erase . the ocean be barren . poison . near death . as the postman continue to cross , the camera pull back . he 's soon lose in the massive vista . woman ( v.o. ) sixteen long year pass before the great lung start work again . my father say it be as if the ocean breathe a great sigh of relief ... a rumble of thunder . rain begin to fall . the earth just suck it up at first , but it 's come hard . rivulets run . puddle form . we begin to get the feel that soon this boat will be tug at the moor chain once again . ( continued ) 3. 1 continued : 1 track a rivulet as it run , fill up a depression in the sand . and then , run to fill another in a series of depression . they make a pattern we recognize as -- man' footprint this track may already be day old as they fill with rain water . then , the sound of light , padded footfalls . a lion enter frame . lean , hungry and dangerous , the big cat have be tracking this man . he let out a low , disappointed growl . the rain have foil he dinner plan -- for now . 2 ext . highway on - ramp ( utah ) - day 2 a bullet -ridden sign read : " U.S. 84 North . " the postman lead Bill down a barren 4 - lane . weed poke up through the asphalt . the rusting hulk of a car rest in the median , cover in a tangle of purple wisteria . the postman pluck a flower . he stick it into a buttonhole and continue . bill brays woefully . in answer : the postman I do not know . and if you ask I again , I be go to slug you . they near a sign : " thank you for visit Utah . " the postman wave , shout to the sign as he pass it . the postman it 's be fun , have not it , kid ? ( to the sign ) you be welcome ! 3 ext . 4 - lane ( idaho ) - billboard - day 3 Bill tug up weed as the postman be climb up a ladder on a highway that razor cut the plain to the horizon . above , the postman sand atop a billboard catwalk . he reference a tatter road atla , scan the horizon through binocular with one break lens . he pause at a Union 76 ball just visible above the tree line . 4. 4 ext . highway TRAVEL stop ( idaho ) - day 4 a 76 Station and the remain of a Howard Johnson 's . alert , carbine in hand , the postman lead in the mule . rusting car sag on flatten tire . there 's a stripped fire engine , its crack hose lead to the hojo foundation which bristle with burn timber . Bill stop to drink out of a stream . the postman swat at he with he hat . the postman damnit , Bill , you know I need to check it first ! Bill hang he head . the postman dig through he pack . he remove a old tupperware container and replace its content -- a tiny sheaf of litmus papers and several small bottle -- with stream water . he add a few drop from each bottle . swirl it around . then dip a tiny strip of paper into the water . the paper turn a vivid purple . the postman be dubious . the postman better than turpentine . ( touch some to he lip ) tastes about the same . you call , Bill . Bill drink . the postman you be not picky , Bill . I like that about you . the postman take he carbine and a burlap sack and cross to the 76 Station . a old extension ladder on the ground . the pole hold up the 76 ball have a 30 - degree bend in it , like someone once try to pull it over . Beyond the 76 ball , the sun set -- but we here in the 20th century have never see such a wild riot of color before . the postman try the station door . lock . smiling ironically , he step in through the blow - out window . 5 int . 76 station - office - day 5 a shamble . the postman kick around the table . he find a few beat - up CD , flip through they . read the label . ( continued ) 5 . 5 continued : 5 the postman ' running on empty ' ? tell I about it . toss it , he turn , stop . there , rest on a pile of trash be a bashed - in portable tv . the postman smile . the postman hey , Bill ! we get tv ! 147 channel . everything from Jesus to ' Jeopardy ' . he step over , switch on the set . nothing happen , but the postman pretend just the same . he mimic static , then : the postman ' like sand through the hour - glass , so be the day of we life ...' ( switch channel ) ' Michael shield , come on down , you be the next contestant on ...' the price be right '. ' ( switch again ) I will take domestic nuclear Disasters for two hundred thousand , Alex ... the postman stop suddenly . click . the postman we interrupt we regularly schedule program to bring you the second Civil War ... well , shit . the postman stare at the blank screen a moment . there 's a sudden , panicked rustling from behind the service manager 's desk . the postman wheel around , raise the carbine . the postman I do not want any trouble ... I bet you do not either ... let 's just call it a draw , okay ? sudden movement . the postman shout in surprise as a doe dash out from behind the desk . scare , it bound back and forth between the wall . then freeze in the corner . the postman sigh in relief , lower the carbine . the postman look out , Bill ! ( continued ) 6 . 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 the doe bolt for the window and run right into Bill . Bill have a conniption fit . investigating further , the postman spot a cigarette machine . the front glass be smashed and all the slot be empty . but he look down to the lock at the bottom . it 's intact . he pull a crowbar from the sack , crouch by the machine and dig the pry into a seam and pull . the panel burst open to reveal four half - open carton of cigarettes . he do not believe it for a second . then : the postman I be rich . 6 ext . 76 station - night 6 ember of a campfire glow . the postman be asleep , the carbine in reach . bill brays and nervously stamp he hoof . the postman reach for the carbine only to find the barrel of a shotgun point in he face . Three bandit ! hard -ey and ugly . one , barely 20 , be mostly just ugly . the postman look down the barrel of a shotgun , a rifle and a revolver . the lead bandit kick the carbine out of reach . the postman I be just pass through . I do not mean anyone any harm . ( be : stream ) Water 's good . the lead bandit poke at the postman 's shoulder with the muzzle of he rifle . the postman know why . the postman I be not a holnist . the lead bandit poke again . harder . the postman open he shirt , reveal he bare leave shoulder . the postman okay ? they just stare at he , none say a word . creepy . the postman I be head for a town call St. Rose . somewhere west of Portland . ( continued ) 7. 6 continued : 6 lead bandit Portland 's under twenty foot of water . the postman well , I hear different . lead bandit you mouthin ' I ? the postman no , it 's just that it 's hard to get good information . the third bandit , a hulking brute , have be quiet . hulking bandit he be mouthin ' you ; I say we kill he . lead bandit do not be in such a rush , Martin . ( back to the postman ) now I see a pack mule over there , but I do not see no pack . the postman this be all I get . lead bandit oh ... kill he , Martin . the hulk bandit , raise he shotgun . the butt end . he 's go to bludgeon the postman to death . the postman ( point ) okay ! my stuff 's up there ! the 76 ball be twenty foot above the ground . in the gloom you can just see a hole have be punch through the side . bandit # 20 what do you get in there ? the lead bandit swat bandit # 20 upside the head . lead bandit shut up . ( to postman ) what do you get in there ? ( continued ) 8. 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 the postman dried peas . beef jerky . cigarettes . all three bandit cigarettes ! the postman sure . there 's the ladder . bandit # 20 maybe he 's get it booby - trap . the lead bandit be about to smack bandit # 20 again -- then he see the logic out of it . the postman shake he head , but be not that convincing . lead bandit you go up and get it . CUT to : 7 ext . 76 ball - dawn 7 the ladder set against the bent pole . prodded by a shotgun , the postman climb , disappear through the hole and into the tilting 76 ball . 8 int . 76 ball - dawn 8 full of the postman 's earthly possession . trick be , how to save they and he life at the same time . he spy a old wrench : remnant of a attempt to remove the rusty bolt hold the ball in place . a idea begin to take shape . lead bandit ( o.s. ) just you start toss that cigarettes down ! bandit there 's no answer . the bandit eye each other nervously . bandit # 20 maybe he fall asleep . ( continued ) 9. 8 continued : 8 76 ball the postman grab the wrench , start work one of the last two rusted bolt . as it start to give ... the postman it 's go to take a second . I get my stuff bolt in . bandit the lead bandit take a cautious step back . lead bandit put some buckshot through it , Martin . just to hurry he up . hulking bandit I only get three shell leave . lead bandit so use he gun . the hulk bandit pick up the carbine and aim . click . it be not load . the hulk bandit toss the gun aside , pull a knife from he boot . grimly , he begin to climb . 76 ball cramped , the postman 's busy at the base of the ball , try to unscrew the last remain bolt . it will not budge . ladder the hulk bandit have only a few more rung to go . 76 ball no good . time 's up . the postman start rock the pole . ladder the hulk bandit have reach the open -- feel the rock motion . hang on . ( continued ) 10 . 8 continued : ( 2 ) 8 76 ball knife in hand , the hulk bandit look inside . at that instant , the postman rock the pole one more time . the rusty bolt be not enough to keep the ball 's full weight in place . it pop . the ball be freeze for a instant before go with the pole 's tilt . ladder the 76 ball drop off the pole , roll over the hulk bandit 's back and down the ladder 's incline . the other bandit dive clear as the 76 ball hurtle past . the postman whip head over heel as the ball speed away . field the 76 ball launch off a dirt berm , but soon come to a stop as it slam into a old utility pole and burst apart . Fighting the vertigo , the postman stagger to he foot . the postman Bill ! Bill bolt from the station as the lead bandit raise the rifle and fire at the postman . lose balance , the postman land on he butt just before a bullet splinter the utility pole above he head . wobbly , he try to gather he pack . the bandit charge , quickly close the ground , but Bill be there first . holding as much as he can , the postman heave himself over Bill 's back . as the mule gallop away , the lead bandit aim the rifle . he 's get the postman in he sight . he 's about to fire when -- bandit # 20 stand up into the shot . he 's get a fistful of cigarettes in each hand and he 's laugh like a hyena ! bandit # 20 we be rich ! 11 . 9 ext . overlook hill ( idaho ) - day 9 the postman sit on a rock , hold Bill 's halter so the mule must face he . they be in the midst of a argument . the postman it 's true , we have not do this in a while , but it 's like riding a bicycle . now , open you mouth . the postman pries he mouth open . take a toothbrush , he tend to Bill 's tooth , then give he a appraise look . bill brays . the postman I know the rule . it 's my rule ! avoid civilization at all cost . but we gotta eat , do not we ? ( as bill brays again ) what be you so worried about , Bill ? all you gotta do be stand there . I be the one with all the line . the postman lead the mule down the hill toward the town far below . make he case all the while -- even as bill brays in protest . 10 ext . village square ( idaho ) - day 10 a patch of mud . in the center of the square fifty townspeople stand before a plank stage where the postman wrap up a performance of macbeth . he play it with a mis-remembered gusto the people enjoy . Children especially be enamor . a heavily - muscle man , woody , linger on the fringe of the crowd -- watch the postman with inscrutable intensity . the postman they say , ' fear not , macbeth , ' till birnam Wood come to dunsinane ' ! he look off stage for someone , but no one appear . the postman I say , birnam Wood come to dunsinane ! Bill trot on -stage . cover with twig , bill be birnam Wood . he brays lustily . the audience laugh in delight . the child clap . only Woody seem unaffected . ( continued ) 12 . 10 continued : 10 the postman grab two wooden sword -- he know it 's go well . the postman Arm , arm yourselves ! if the witch 's word be true , there will be no run or hide here ! shake off the twig , Bill take one of the sword in he mouth . the two of they dash back and forth pretend to fight off a imaginary attack . finally , the postman look out at the audience , remember the word the best he can . the postman tomorrow , and tomorrow , and the day after that . out brief candle ! life 's but a walk shadow , a poor player that strut he hour upon the stage and be hear no more . it 's a tale tell by a moron . full of sound and fury , signify nothing . ( wave sword ) but blow , wind ! come wrack ! at least we will die with the harness off we back ! the audience erupt in applause . but Woody stand still as stone . the postman take a bow . even Bill do a cross-legged dip . know when to quit , he step off the stage to many hearty handshake . Woody watch he every move . mrs . thompson , one of the town 's leader , step up . she 's accompany by crotchety old curmudgeon larry . mrs . thompson the child have never hear Shakespeare before . the postman ( grin ) they still have not . the curmudgeon be still clap . the postman thanks . you be very nice . curmudgeon larry I be clap because you stink . ( continued ) 13 . 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 the postman I do not think you understand how it work . curmudgeon larry when I be young , I try to be a actor . I be awful . but now I will not die think I be the worst one . the postman I be glad I could help . mrs . thompson Larry , stop it . ( to the postman ) you be very good . the postman good enough to get something to eat ? before she can answer , a sentry cry ... sentry holnist ! holnist be come ! all eye look down the road lead into town . a raid party of holnist cavalry be on they way in . Mrs. Thompson see the postman 's concern . mrs . thompson it 's okay . we give they food and supplies . all the town do . man # 1 they hardly kill anyone lately . just take a woman sometimes . the postman well , I would just as soon not give they anything of mine . let 's find the back door , Bill . the postman gather he stuff , sling pack onto Bill . the forty holnist in orange and black uniform ride in . they be armed with mostly pistol and rifle . some carry bow , knife , spear gun and sword . on they bare shoulder , brand into the flesh -- the number " 8 . " ( continued ) 14 . 10 continued : ( 3 ) 10 out front , always lead by example be , general bethlehem . tough , smart , merciless with style . Commander of the United clan of holn . nothing escape he eye . a little behind he be the mysteriously silent Colonel getty , second in command . the postman , finish pack , begin to move from building to building -- careful not to attract any attention . bethlehem ( o.s. ) what be you do there ? the postman freeze , turn , be relieved to find bethlehem 's not talk to he at all . the General look down from he horse at child play a impromptu game of " birnam Wood . " the child stop , stare at they foot . bethlehem affect a " kindly " smile to accompany he gentler tone . bethlehem I say , what be you do ? meantime , the postman continue he surreptitious escape . the mayor hurry forward to greet bethlehem . mayor it 's just a game , General bethlehem . something they see in a play . no harm in it . bethlehem a play ? ( to kid ) show I . it 's all right , child , show I . one brave boy find he voice , barely . brave boy Arm , arm yourselves ! no run from the witch ! bethlehem ( surprised ) Shakespeare , be it ? well , I be sorry I miss it . ( continued ) 15 . 10 continued : ( 4 ) 10 mayor you should know , sir , we have not nearly stock the game we think we would . bethlehem really ? but you have time for a play ? head down , the postman make for " the back way . " but it 's guard by three daunt holnist soldier . no get by they . the postman do a quick 180 , go back the way he come . bethlehem look at the frighten townsfolk . bethlehem I be take three conscript from each town . they will have the honor of serve in the holnist Army until such time as I see fit . ( to Mayor ) Three man . you suppose you could do that ? the Mayor nod in acquiescence . bethlehem look to a holnist officer . the officer , idaho , step up and address the town . idaho all man between 15 and 50 and of suitable ethnic foundation be require to show themselves now . the holnist soldier fan out , prodding any likely or unwilling candidate forward . the postman be now walk behind bethlehem . some of the townspeople cast he a furtive glance as he make he way toward the open courtyard and , ultimately , the gate out of town . Three conscript be hustle before bethlehem . he look over the first -- Woody . smell he . not much of a decision here . bethlehem acceptable . idaho Sir ? bethlehem acceptable , Captain ! ( continued ) 16 . 10 continued : ( 5 ) 10 the second -- a thin teenager . bethlehem feel he arm , turn he head from side to side . bethlehem you will need to put some meat on , but I like a impressionable mind . acceptable . the third -- a innocuous man . or so we think . bethlehem stare hard at he olive skin , trace a finger over the bump on the man 's nose . bethlehem mongoloid . unacceptable . Soldiers shove the man back into the crowd . the brave Boy that be play birnam Wood allow himself a tiny smile when he see that the postman might make it . bethlehem I want pure blood . someone like ... bethlehem note the Boy , turn to see the object of he attention , and spot the postman leave out the front gate . bethlehem that man . Idaho and another soldier be on it . the postman try to back away as the two dismount and come toward he . the postman you do not understand ... but Idaho and the soldier be not program for explanation -- they grab he . idaho you be require to show yourself . the postman but , I be not with this people . I be just pass through . I -- Idaho silence he with a rifle butt to the head . everything fall out of focus idaho ( o.s. ) take the mule . dissolve to : 17 . 11 ext . holnist training camp ( western idaho ) - day 11 spread out in the valley be General bethlehem 's holnist Expeditionary Force . a five hundred - man army enjoy all the comfort a bivouac can offer . 19 head - shave conscript , include Woody and the postman , be hold in a cramped , barb wire pen . they watch as three more be shove inside . one of they be bandit # 20 . he and the postman come face to face , recognize each other . bandit # 20 hi. the postman ( astonished ) hi ? the postman step toward he , bandit # 20 back off quickly . bandit # 20 well ... I mean , we know each other , kind of ... the postman kind of . bandit # 20 ( look around ) wow ! the postman so what do you guy do with my cigarettes ? bandit # 20 we trade they for a woman . the postman wonderful . what happen to you partner ? bandit # 20 they trade I to the holnist . guard ( o.s. ) ten hut ! General bethlehem approach on horseback . Colonel getty follow behind . bethlehem look he new recruit over . dismount , he enter the pen and walk among they . ( continued ) 18 . 11 continued : 11 bethlehem welcome , gentleman , to you new life . you have be bear again as soldier in the army of the United clan of holn . the strong have be sap by the whimper propaganda of the weak . Men , strong man , have be deny they destiny . you man have be save from that fate . redemption be within you grasp . he start down the line , look the man over . he stop in front of a gangly recruit . the postman be alongside . bethlehem you . what do you do before you be give this opportunity ? gangly recruit I have a shovel . I digge hole . bethlehem regards he benevolently . bethlehem you digge hole ... well , now you be go to fill they . ( turn to postman ) and you ? the postman I ? bethlehem be there any question in anyone 's mind that I be talk to you ? yes , you . you look like a dangerous man . be you ? the postman I be just a performer . Shakespeare . stuff like that . bethlehem Shakespeare ? the postman he be a writer . he -- bethlehem I know who Shakespeare be ... ' Cry " havoc ! " and let slip the dog of war . ' ( continued ) 19 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 bethlehem say the line boldly , encourage he man to clap for he . he look at the postman expectantly . finally ... the postman I , um , you want a line ? bethlehem nod . the postman think a moment ... the postman ' to be or not to be : that be the question . ' bethlehem look at he man as if to say , " be this all this guy 's get ? " bethlehem eye the postman ; he want a contest . bethlehem ' we few , we happy few , we band of brother . ' the holnist clap , they know they General can best this guy . the postman ( gain confidence ) ' now be the winter of we discontent make glorious summer by this son of York . ' bethlehem clap the postman on the back . bethlehem you be pretty good . you be also a fighter . I see it in you eye . the postman do not answer . hesitant , he do not want to get into any more trouble than he 's already in . bethlehem do not you agree ? come on , a man 's get to speak he mind . bethlehem sound sincere . he seem like a good guy . the postman I do not mean any disrespect , sir , but you would be better off just let I go . a fighter be about the last thing I be . ( continued ) 20 . 11 continued : ( 3 ) 11 the postman double over as bethlehem hook a fist into he gut . bethlehem club he in the head , drop he to he knee , then dig a boot into he side . the postman go down . bethlehem do not you think I should be the judge of that , soldier ? the postman gasp to catch he breath . bethlehem get up . I say , get up . the postman stagger to he foot . blood trickle from he nose as he stare across at bethlehem . bethlehem put up you fist . the postman you would win . bethlehem look to getty . click . getty shove a pistol be into the postman 's ear . the postman reluctantly raise he fist . bethlehem give he a satisfied nod . bethlehem now fight . the postman take a tentative step forward . bethlehem drive he back with a flurry of blow . the postman be daze , nearly out on he foot . bethlehem hold he up . bethlehem you be right . you be not a fighter . but you will be . I be give you a chance at a life that mean something . a life worth live . that say , bethlehem deliver one last blow to the postman 's face . everything go black ... 12 ext . holnist training camp ( western idaho ) - dawn 12 a brutal reveille blast the sleep conscript awake . idaho ( o.s. ) let 's move it . everybody up and at them . ( continued ) 21 . 12 continued : 12 the postman come to . he lick he dry , blood -cake lip . a sudden movement startles he -- it 's Woody , shove he a batter cup of water . it 's like he 's be keep watch . the postman be surprised , a little suspicious , and very grateful as he gulp the water down . the postman thanks . do I win ? Woody shake he head " no . " the postman I try to tell he ... woody say it again . the postman say what ? woody the word you say in town . about the wind blow . and the rest ... say it again . the postman ' blow , wind . come wrack . at least we will die with the harness off we back . ' woody what 's it mean ? the postman live free or die . Woody and the postman scramble to fall - to with the other conscript . Idaho survey the rank . idaho all right , girl . we be gonna run . twenty mile . with pack . you get three hour . everybody make it . or nobody eat . 13 ext . training camp - mess line - close on meat - day 13 a cook dump a scoop of gristly , gray meat into each mess pail as the conscript wait in line . they fall to ravenously , too hungry to taste how bad it be . Idaho supervise . ( continued ) 22 . 13 continued : 13 idaho eat up ! you get meat tonight . the line have almost pass . just the postman leave and bandit # 20 bring up the rear . Idaho look at the postman , address the cook . idaho why do not you tell Shakespeare what kind of meat that be . cook mule . probably Bill -- and the postman know it . he stare in revulsion at the putrid meat ladle into he pail . idaho a godawful animal . the sterile offspring of a horse and a donkey . can you imagine that ?! there 's no room in this new world for a bastard like that . bandit # 20 hold out he pail . but the cook will not fill it . idaho uh uh. ( loudly ; for all ) any man last in line be not hungry enough . you show up last , you do not eat ! bandit # 20 step away in disbelief . not know what else to do , he sit down beside the postman , the only man with food who be not eat . bandit # 20 I will die before I be last in line again . the postman that 's what they be hope for . he hold he pail out to bandit # 20 . bandit # 20 serious ? this be not bad . lose in despair , the postman stare out at the skew palette . the postman this be suppose to be the best year of my life . 23 . 14 ext . training ground - day 14 the conscript stand at attention under the guard of Idaho and two other soldier . to they right be a dead oak tree . behind they , three row of fold chair . two figure approach . bethlehem and getty . getty carry a sheathed sword . bethlehem survey the troops -- take no more notice of the postman than anyone else . bethlehem the law of eight , gentleman . that be the legacy hand down to we by Nathan holn . at the mention of this name , the recruit shout as one . recruit God rest he soul ! the postman ( low ) May he burn in hell . getty look over at he . he hear he . the postman swallow hard . getty stare hard . then he turn away . he 's not go to bust he on it . bethlehem this be the law that we live by . the eight be we symbol . each man will bear it with pride . bethlehem nod at Idaho who push up he own sleeve to reveal the brand 8 . bethlehem only then will you be part of the clan . sit down , gentleman . the man move to sit in one of the three row . only then do it become apparent that there be 18 man and only 17 chair . one slow recruit be leave stand . it do not take he long to realize that he 's in trouble . bethlehem Law one . you will obey order without question . ( to slow recruit ) I tell you to sit . slow recruit ( scared ) there be not enough chair . ( continued ) 24 . 14 continued : 14 bethlehem I do not specify chair . you could have sit down on the ground . the slow recruit move to do so . bethlehem you disobey a direct order . you break Law one . Idaho and another soldier step up beside the slow recruit . bethlehem Law two . punishment shall be swift . they hustle the recruit to the tree . Idaho unsling a coil of rope , throw it over a tree limb . they quickly slip a loop over the slow recruit 's ankle and haul he upside down into the air . bethlehem Law Three : mercy be for the weak . four : terror will defeat reason . five : you allegiance be to the clan . six : justice can be dictate . Law Seven . any clansman may challenge for leadership of the clan . do any man here wish to challenge I ? there be no taker . bethlehem on you foot ! the conscript stand like jackknive snap open . without a word , without a look -- bethlehem reach out and draw a sword from a sheath that getty hold . bethlehem step to the slow recruit -- who slowly twist around . bethlehem Law eight : there be only one penalty : death . bethlehem raise the sword . slow recruit please , I be begging you . ( continued ) 25 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 the postman as the sword find its mark . bethlehem look at he , but address all . bethlehem you will get out of this army what you put into it . work and you will be feed . fight and you will be respected . die and you will be remember . it 's up to you . bethlehem turn and walk away . getty follow behind . the postman watch as they go . Idaho step up to he . idaho you think of challenging for leadership of the clan ? the postman no , sir . I be a follower not a leader . idaho you see Colonel getty ? always follow the General ? he 's the only man who ever challenge . fight last six second , but the General do not kill he . he cut off he tongue and he cut off he ball and old getty 's be follow he like a dog ever since . the postman look back to see bethlehem and getty disappear into the gloom . Idaho grin , like how this affect a new man . the postman move on . Idaho stop Woody as he pass . idaho the General do not see it , but I say you get some nigger in you . Woody clenches he jaw , but wisely do not answer . 15 ext . plain - day 15 rain as the army move . boot suck at the mud . War wagon heave out of rut . a monster gun be mount on a old John deere semi , pull by a team of ten horse . the conscript fill the middle rank , each bear a heavy pack . ( continued ) 26 . 15 continued : 15 march beside Woody , the postman stare blankly ahead . the cry to halt . the conscript unsling they pack , catch they breath . Idaho pull the postman out of line . idaho the General would like a word with you , Shakespeare . 16 int . general bethlehem tent - day 16 bethlehem stand before a painter 's easel , palette in hand . he 's get a mirror set up so he can see he reflection . he 's do a self - portrait in the tradition of the great dutch Masters -- but it 's a dismal failure . he continue painting even as Idaho lead the postman in . Idaho salute , step back . for a moment , the postman do not quite know what to do . bethlehem ( be : the book and binocular on the table ) they be yours . a solitary man , be not you ? binoculars . to watch life from a distance . and Shakespeare . to read about it instead of live it . bethlehem want a answer . the postman clear he throat . the postman no offense , General , but you seem to have read some Shakespeare yourself . bethlehem if he wish to rise above mere thuggery , a military commandeer must be classically educate . philosophy , history . even a sense of the dramatic . ( a beat ) do you know what I do before the war ? do you think I be in the army ? I sell copying machine . I be a salesman . the talent to lead man and devise and execute a battle plan be lock away inside I . ( continued ) 27 . 16 continued : 16 he pick up find a Way to win by Nathan holn . a 20 - year - old self - help book . bethlehem if Nathan holn have not come along , I would still be sell copying machine . can you imagine the waste life ? can you imagine the magnitude of it ? but war ... War give man like I a chance . he turn to a dog -ear page in the book . bethlehem here ... ' the prize be often leave unclaim . have the courage to grasp it . for fortune always favor the bold . ' ( move ) it always inspire I . ( beat ) I have a design for the future . a master plan . I will need able officer to carry it out . you have the intelligence . if you heart match , you will go far . ( a beat ) we will talk more in the week to come . dismiss . the postman leave . Idaho stand at the ready . bethlehem issue the binocular to a scout . idaho and the book , sir ? bethlehem burn it . Idaho leave . bethlehem go back to he painting . he consider himself in the mirror . after a long stare - down , he shout : bethlehem quit move . 17 ext . camp - day 17 the postman rejoin the conscript . bandit # 20 slide over . ( continued ) 28 . 17 continued : 17 bandit # 20 what happen ? Troubled , the postman do not answer . he head for a corner where Woody stand alone . relentless , bandit # 20 follow . bandit # 20 what do he say ? the postman nothing . bandit # 20 do he say anything about I ? the postman no. they reach the quiet corner ; it 's just the three of they . the postman we get to get out of here . bandit # 20 what be you talk about ? the postman escape . ( low ) you ever hear of St. Rose ? it 's on the coast . they say it 's a paradise . they have even get electric light . bandit # 20 look scared , Woody unreadable . bandit # 20 we can not . the postman between the three of we , we could -- bandit # 20 no , no . I can not . I like it here . I like be a part of something . the postman can not believe what bandit # 20 just say . bandit # 20 turn , hurry away . the postman look to Woody who do not tip he hand either way . he move away as well . 29 . 18 ext . camp - day 18 the conscript break camp . hot work . glisten with sweat , the postman stop to stretch . across the way , he see bandit # 20 talk to getty . getty glance at the postman who return to work , watch under he eyebrow as Idaho join the group . there 's trouble brewing here . worried , the postman look to Woody , who watch the exchange as well . he be , as usual , inscrutable . 19 ext . clearing - river - day 19 the river be swollen and swift from the spring thaw . march along the east ridge above it , the army be give the order to halt . the postman look ahead to where Idaho confer with bethlehem . something 's wrong . they look to where : two carbine - tote soldier stand alertly at guard by a thicket across the river . a rotten wood and rope bridge span the space between the ridge . Idaho ride to the conscript : idaho one of you dog have earn himself a treat . over there . Idaho point to the thicket as he proceed down the line . idaho that man hunt themselves a lion this morning . must have be a zoo around here before the war . anyhow , they shot he and he crawle into that thicket . a third man go in after he . we do not know if he 's dead or alive . I need a volunteer . someone 's gotta go in and get we boy out . no volunteer , except the zealot bandit # 20 . bandit # 20 I will go . Idaho ignore he , stop in front of Woody . idaho I guess size be not a measure of courage , be it ? Shakespeare ! the fix be in . the postman step out of line . ( continued ) 30 . 19 continued : 19 Idaho 's about to hand the postman a carbine when -- bethlehem ( o.s. ) I do not think so , Captain . bethlehem nod to getty . getty take a hunt knife from a belt - sheath and toss it , blade first , into the ground between the postman 's foot . bethlehem come out alive and you get yourself a lion steak . hefting the knife , the postman stare at the west ridge . idaho ( wink ) maybe you will find you St. Rose up there . the postman look to bandit # 20 who stare back defiantly . idaho what be you wait for , Christmas ? bandit # 20 can not contain he giggle , so Idaho backhand the sound out of he -- then look back to the postman . grim the postman start forward , look from the rotten bridge to the water and back again as he move . all eye on he as he start across ... 20 ext . bridge - day 20 the postman step lightly . Far below , the river rage . a knotty plank start to crack underfoot . scoot off it , he take a last look around . continue across to ... 21 ext . west ridge - day 21 the soldier greet he -- unholy smile on they ugly mug . they point he ahead , prod he forward toward a trail of wet blood which lead deeper into the thicket . stoop , the postman enter . the soldier split off and track along with he on either side of the thicket . 31 . 22 ext . thicket - day 22 thorns catch and tear at he clothes as the postman push he way through . he freeze . ahead , sprawle and twisted , the maul , bloody corpse of a holnist soldier . soldier ( o.s. ) why be you stop ? the postman I find he . soldier ( o.s. ) he alive ? clearly he be not . the postman yeah . soldier ( o.s. ) bring he out . the postman heave the corpse onto he back . rising , steadying himself , he look back over he shoulder at a guttural growl . he hurry forward . army everyone stare across the river , strain to see as the postman emerge with the corpse on he back . on bridge the postman start across , hamper by he burden . he pause , at he foot , the crack , knotty plank . idaho ( across river ) hurry up ! you still get a lion to bag ! the postman decide , deliberately step on the plank . crack . the postman and the corpse drop thirty foot down , disappear in the river below . the corpse surface first , float in the water . then the postman . farther down the river . swim downstream with powerful stroke . between he effort and the current , he 's be quickly sweep away from the holnist . as bethlehem 's eye narrow in fury . ( continued ) 32 . 22 continued : 22 a rifle bark a shell back after the postman , but he disappear around a bend in the river . bethlehem signal to two soldier . they start run along the east ridge toward the riverbend . two more start across the bridge to the west -- move with military precision . bethlehem wheel toward the conscript , point out Woody . bethlehem in the water . come back without he and you and another man will die in he place . Woody dive in the water . bethlehem look to Idaho who dive in as well . conscript buzz with nervous excitement . conscript go! go! bandit # 20 ( catch up ) I will get he , sir . he take off run across the bridge . 23 ext . river - day 23 a fall tree span the river . as the postman be sweep beneath , he reach up and catch hold . pull himself out of the water , he scramble for the west shore . he disappear into the wood as two soldier appear . they catch hold of the tree , look to the west banking , see footprint in the mud where the postman pull himself out . they start after he . 24 ext . clearing - wood - day 24 clothes in tatter , he lung ready to burst , the postman stop . he take cover as the two soldier run past . breathe hard , the postman step out , start across the clear . he 's halfway when bandit # 20 step out from the tree . they look at each other for a moment . the postman just let I go . I do not want to be part of you army . ( continued ) 33 . 24 continued : 24 bandit # 20 hesitates for a moment , then break into a grin . bandit # 20 my army . I like the sound of that . the postman gesture with he knife . the postman do not -- bandit # 20 I get he ! over -- the postman lunge , dig into bandit # 20' gut . he blink in surprise , then sag to the ground . the postman take a step back . a shadow fall over he . it 's Woody . stare down at the postman . they can hear other approach from the river . woody they send I to kill you . the postman come with I . at that moment , Idaho and the second soldier come into the clear . Idaho grin , relax he grip on he gun when he see the mismatch between Woody and the postman . idaho good , boy . get he . woody it 's you or I . the postman I know . idaho finish it . Woody circle the postman , until he 's face Idaho and the soldier . Woody take a long look at the postman , smile . woody no harness on my back . as the postman realize what he 's do , Woody flip he knife through the air and into the soldier 's throat . ( continued ) 34 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 as Woody rush he , Idaho raise he gun . Idaho pump two round into Woody , but the big man keep come . the third round find he heart , put Woody down . Dead . but not before he land on top of Idaho . as Idaho struggle to get out from under Woody 's massive frame , the postman head for the tree . cover in Woody 's blood , Idaho fire a round as the postman disappear into the wood . Idaho start after he . idaho track . he see a dribble of fresh blood . he touch it with he finger and smile . he cock he head at movement to he leave . smiling , hefting he pistol , Idaho move in . more shuffling . just ahead . he 's get he now . idaho you want you St. Rose ? there 's a rustle of brush just before a roar split the air . Idaho do not even have time to scream as the lion pounce down on top of he . 25 ext . cliff - day 25 the postman , lung heaving , stop he climb long enough to take stock of the Army wait on the distant river edge . strength ebbing , he heave himself up and continue climb . dissolve to : 26 ext . wood ( eastern oregon ) - night 26 a chill rain drill down , wash across a old forest road . cover with undergrowth and dot with sapling , nothing 's be down here in year . blue-lipped and shiver , he clothes tear and soak , the postman trudge along . he try to rub some warmth back into he numbe limb , but a cough spell wrack he body . ( continued ) 35 . 26 continued : 26 he trudge forward , shoe heavy with freezing mud . he 's make he escape , but he will not last the night if he do not find some shelter . a unnatural shape ahead , just off the road . Square . he cautiously pull back a few branch . a old , rusted Jeep with fade U.S. government marking . its hood bury under the dirt of a old mud slide . the postman stoops to look through the passenger side window , come face - to- face with death . a skeleton sit inside , the skull grin against the glass face the postman . but the postman do not jump back . he just stare . the two head meet halfway as the postman 's face be reflect on the glass , superimpose over the skull . a hypothermic shiver wrack he body . the postman try the door , but it will not budge . the other side of the Jeep be bury . but see that the windshield be partly smashed , he clear away the debris , peel back the spider - webbed safety glass and climb inside . jeep pull the glass back down , he look almost shyly at the skeleton , like two kid about to " park " for the first time . the postman hey . how ya doin ' ? the back of the Jeep be fill with bag mark U.S. mail . the postman pick up a hat off the console . oddly respectful , he run a finger along the band over the " horse &amp ; Rider " emblem . the postman reach , touch the embroider american flag patch on the skeleton 's jacket shoulder . another shiver . a moment later , the postman be pull the nice dry jacket off the skeleton and shove he own arm inside . a sloshing sound . he pat down the jacket . find a liquor . he give the skeleton a " you should not have " look . but the cap will not budge . he twist , pries , bang the neck of the steering wheel . at last it give . he take a long , hard swallow . the warming fire stream down he throat . the postman grab a random letter , read it aloud . ( continued ) 36 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 the postman ' Jerry Ball , pine View . ' he start to open it , look at the skeleton and shrug . the postman so , arrest I . ( read ) here 's a piece of good news . Jerry 's decide to go to school to get he contractor 's license . toss it aside , he take a drink , open another . the word be in crayon -- a child 's scrawl . the postman ( smile to skeleton ) Little Jimmy want he grandpa to know he lose a tooth . the postman turn the envelope over in he palm . a tiny tooth fall out . the postman consider it . this suddenly be not so amusing . he put it back in the envelope . shove mail sack aside , he climb in the back . burrow in , he pull the sack back , cover himself with a blanket of mail . get warmer already , he regards the skeleton a beat as the rain drum on the roof . 27 ext . jeep - day 27 wearing the blue uniform , the postman look down at the fresh grave , realize a eulogy be in order . he take off the hat , hold it over he chest for a heartfelt moment of silence . the postman thanks for be there for I . ( raise the flask ) here 's to you . I consider my tax very well spend . he swallow the last few drop , then set the flask down as a headstone . what now ? the postman all dress up . nowhere to go . 37 . 28 ext . rural highway ( somewhere in oregon ) - day 28 his hair grow back nicely , the postman have reach the proverbial fork in the road . he consider he two option : " pine View -- 32 mile . " or " ridgemont -- 220 mile . " he look the two road over , think . the postman well , that 's easy . 29 ext . gate ( pine view , oregon ) - dusk 29 the town be protect by a tall , long palisade . like Ft. Apache . all be dark as the postman approach . the postman greeting , pine View , Oregon ! two sentries appear from the gate house . they aim arrow . sentry # 1 just head back the way you come . pine View be not buy , be not listen and do not give charity . a moment of truth be here . finally , with authority : the postman civilian , I be on official business . I demand entry into the town of pine View . sentry # 2 what the hell be you talk about ? the postman I be through talk to you , buddy boy ! now get somebody with authority to open this gate ! more silhouettes appear on the palisade . one be sheriff briscoe , a big , no - nonsense man . briscoe I be sheriff briscoe . who the hell be you ? the postman I be a representative of the United States government -- a uproar . he make himself hear above it . ( continued ) 38 . 29 continued : 29 the postman authorize by order 417 of the restore Congress to reestablish a communication route to Idaho and lower Oregon . now open that damn gate ! briscoe what do that mean in English ? the postman I be you postman ! there 's a silent hush . briscoe ( to someone on wall ) Hand I you gun . the postman understand that tamper with or obstruct the mail be a federal offense . furthermore , the bolin Act require you to provide all mail carrier with sanctuary and nourishment . ( start forward ) now open that damn gate ! briscoe you get three second to get you ass outta here . the postman be Jerry the contractor here ? briscoe pump he shotgun , aim it at the postman . the postman wait ! I be go to get something out of my bag . the postman dump the pack over , frantically shuffles through the letter . briscoe one ! the postman Paul Davis ! 124 Vernon Street ! briscoe never hear of he . two ! ( continued ) 39 . 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 the postman lois Kent ! 14 weymoth Lane ! briscoe Three ! he fumble for the last letter . briscoe take aim . the postman irene March ! 478 River Road ! there 's a absolute stunne silence . like a switch be throw . 30 ext . inside gate - day 30 the crowd part as everyone turn to look back at irene MARCH . Mrs. March , in she late 5as , be blind , she eye cloud by cataract . in disbelief ... mrs . MARCH do he say my name ? the sense of hope be palpable as the gate be swing back . two townies hurry Mrs. March out to meet the postman . they be follow by a throng . as he see she 's blind ... the postman oh , no ... too late now . they stop Mrs. March in front of he . she stare off just to he leave , a little afraid . mrs . MARCH I be irene March . the postman ( uncomfortable ) I have a letter for you . he press it into she hand , but she will not take it . mrs . MARCH would you read it ? the postman I be sure it 's personal . mrs . MARCH please . someone have to . ( continued ) 40 . 30 continued : 30 the postman have little choice . as he open the envelope ... the postman we be deliver the old stock pile , but I will accept all new correspondence as well . townie just read it , will ya ? excite , the people move closer . someone hold up a torch and the postman start . the postman ' dear irene . sorry I have not write . everything 's so crazy . the strange weather . the food shortage . that farmer Nathan holn cause all that trouble . it 's hard to understand . David 's home from the Army . the war be over before he even get there . thank God for that . he 's still my baby no matter how big he get . we be go to miss you for Christmas , but maybe next year . all we love . donna . ' Mrs. March reach out a tremble hand to take the letter . mrs . MARCH my sister in Denver . Fifteen year ago . thank you . the populace erupt with excitement . Mrs. March take the postman 's hand , clasp it tightly . mrs . MARCH you be a godsend . a savior . the postman pull he hand back , reject the title . the postman no. I be just ... a postman . a almost awesome silence . too much for the postman . the postman I have be on the road a while . I could use a little something to eat -- ( continued ) 41 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 mrs . MARCH oh , yes , absolutely ... be there anything else ? the townspeople welcome he with cheer . the postman raise a silencing hand . as they quiet ... the postman yes , there be ! if there be dog in this town , you have to leash they while I be here ! only the postman laugh . no one else react . briscoe watch dubiously from the wall as the people surround the postman and sweep he through the gate and into town . one couple watch the postman closely as he make he way into town . she be ABBY -- a sweet - face , pretty woman . her husband , michael , be a decent-look sort , tall and strong . 31 int . abandoned HOTEL - room 7 - night 31 a freestand tub have be set up , water " buckete " in . the postman luxuriate in he first hot bath in year and sing a familiar tune to himself . the postman ' stop . oh , yes , wait a minute , Mr. postman . waaa -ait , Mr. postman ... ' 32 ext . parking lot ( pine view ) - night 32 ford cross the parking lot of a abandon motel . he 's a black kid , maybe 16 , too young to remember any other life but this . he carry the postman 's uniform on a hanger . 33 int . abandoned HOTEL - room 7 - night 33 the postman look up at a knock . Ford step in . like most kid , he need a hero . holding up the uniform , he just find one . ford ( beam ) clean and press , sir . ( continued ) 42 . 33 continued : 33 the postman thanks . do not somebody say something about dinner ? ford yeah , I be suppose to take you to Foster 's . ( extend a hand ) my name 's Ford . Ford lincoln mercury . the postman just nod , hoist himself out of the tub and hurriedly wrapping a towel around himself . ford use to be John Stevens , but I change it on account of I want to drive car . hope to impress , Ford reach into a pocket , pull out a wear , crease flyer for a " Ford lincoln mercury " dealership . Ford find the postman just stare at he , wait for the uniform he 's still get in he hand . embarrass , Ford quickly hand it over . 34 ext . STREET ( pine view ) - night 34 Ford lead the way as they leave the motel behind . the postman look good in he uniform . they cross a parking lot where five partly - stripped car have be sit for year . there 's a pot plant outside the driver 's door of one . ford I live in that car . a 2003 pontiac Sinatra . with a nine - banger and a q-eight . the postman v-eight . eight cylinder . that mean a eight - banger . ford ( in awe of he ) be they fast ? ford a buck seventy - five on a strip . ( continued ) 43. 34 continued : 34 ford a buck seventy - five ? I think maybe I could fix some of they up . it 's nothing compare to what you do . this be the last thing he expect to hear out of this kid 's mouth . a moment , then ... the postman the important thing to remember about car be , you can not eat them . ahead , people be gather inside a old Foster 's freeze . 35 int . foster' freeze ( pine view ) - night 35 the townspeople fill the booth , line the wall . they talk excitedly amongst themselves , break into spontaneous applause as Ford and the postman enter . the postman be surprised , uncomfortable at this display . but then he see that a banquet have be laid out on the counter . the centerpiece be a huge vat of steaming stew . the people clear a path for he . man # 1 tell we about the government ! woman # 1 yes , tell we everything ! startle , the postman do not quite know what to say . they seat he at a table -- but the food look mile away . man # 2 be there a President ? the postman yeah . woman # 2 what 's he name ? the postman you know , I be pretty hungry . but this people will not be deny . finally ... ( continued ) 44 . 35 continued : 35 the postman his name be , uh ... Richard starkey . from Maine . he have a say . ' thing be get better , get better all the time . ' there 's warm applause at that . several people try the expression out on each other . man # 3 he a Democrat or a Republican ? the postman party be over with . the individual be what count . you vote for the best man . ellen set a steaming bowl of stew in front of the postman . famish , he dig in . man # 4 what about Europe ? any word ? the postman try to speak through a mouthful of food . the postman Lady Di 's in charge . sixty year old and she still kick ass . woman # 3 be Nathan holn still alive ? the postman ( smile at irony ) he die . skin cancer . that 's sure good news to everyone . but ... woman # 4 and the holnist ? they be still out there . what 's the government go to do about they ? the postman look at the desperate face -- he would rather get back to he meal -- but this may be the most important question of all . he do not want to lie . the postman the government 's just get start . you be on you own for at least eighteen month . ( continued ) 45 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 man # 5 what about the Marines Corp ? a clamor of holnist question . ellen be quiet , everyone ! can not we just let this man eat ? the people nod and the postman finally get to eat . he catch sight of briscoe watch he from the door . after a moment , briscoe leave . 36 int . foster' freeze - later 36 a band play a odd array of instrument . there 's dance . the postman sit behind four empty bowl . people watch he eat like it be a religious experience . he push back the fifth bowl . the postman never think I would hear myself say this , but I can not eat anymore . he 's cut off by the sight of a silent , little boy . the kid 's look up , stare intently at something . the postman what ? the boy just stare . the postman ( be : the cap ) this ? the boy nod . the postman shake he head and smile to himself . he take off the cap , set it on the kid 's head . the postman almost fit . the boy 's eye go wide with wonder . his stock 's go up 1000 % . before he can rush off to impress he friend , ellen -- he mother -- step over and gently chide he . ellen that 's not a toy , honey . that 's very important . give it back . ( continued ) 46 . 36 continued : 36 the boy carefully remove the cap , hand it back to the postman . ellen smile gratefully and gently guide she son away . the postman shrug , turn to find Abby , the pretty woman we see at the pine View gate . she smile at the postman . ABBY would you like to dance ? the postman I do not know if I can , I think I be still on duty . he laugh . Abby say nothing . the postman it 's be a long time . Abby hold out she hand like a promise . ABBY all you get to do be hold on . dance floor Abby and the postman dance . she keep look he over . the postman be something wrong ? ABBY how tall be you ? the postman about six foot . ABBY be you smart ? the postman smarter than some I guess . why ? ABBY just wonder . do you ever have the bad mump ? the postman smile . she 's odd , but beautiful . the postman never have the bad mump . ( continued ) 47 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 ABBY have you ever have herpes or syphilis or anything like that ? he shake he head " no . " they continue to dance . ABBY so as far as you know , you have good semen ? the postman be that a trick question ? ABBY I do not mean to be nosy . I be only ask because I want you to make I pregnant . stun , the postman stop dance . Abby take this moment to grab Michael . the postman ( to himself ) it 's get to be the uniform . Abby take Michael 's arm , introduce he proudly . ABBY this be my husband . Michael . Michael smile , shake hand with a grave- digger 's grip . the postman do not know what to think . ABBY we have be try to have a baby for three year . we can not on account of Michael have the bad mump when he be twelve . so we need a body father . we could ask a man here , but it could cause trouble . I have see it happen . thing go okay until the woman start to show . then it can be bad . but you will only be around once in awhile with the mail . the postman just stare at they . Abby look to Michael . ABBY he have not say ' no ' . ( continued ) 48 . 36 continued : ( 3 ) 36 michael ( undaunted ) what do you say , mister ? you would be do we a favor . the postman I will have to think about it . the postman excuse himself with a nod and turn away , shaking he head at the strangeness of this new world . but no rest for the wick , as soon as he 's free from Abby and Michael , he 's run smack into another group of well - wishing townies . Mrs. March be among they . she 's hold a envelope . townie # 1 Mrs. March want to give you something . ( to Mrs. March ) he 's right here , irene . mrs . MARCH ( be : letter ) it 's to my daughter Annie . she leave five year ago . she be only fifteen . the last I hear , she be live up north ... the postman swallow hard , look from the envelope to the face around he , to Mrs. March . she look blindly back . how can he lie to she ? the postman look , Mrs. March , you should know that ... mrs . MARCH know what ? the postman know that ... but she stop he , grab for he hand . mrs . MARCH I have a feel about you . I know you will do what 's right . her hand leave he and she disappear into the crowd . she 's leave he with she letter and no choice at all . the postman I get to get out of here . 49 . 37 ext . pine view - night 37 the postman move through town . the street be desert . he 's get he pack on , he mailbag . he pass a 7 - 11 convert to a blacksmith shop . there 's a horse tethere to the railing in front of it . he grin ; maybe he 's go to make it out of here after all . as he start to move toward the horse ... old man ( o.s. ) it 's right around the corner . a old man sit on he porch across the street . the postman ( freeze , startle ) what be ? old man what you be look for . the Old man wink knowingly , then head inside . as the postman turn the corner , he find himself in front of the post office . a old brick building . chisele in the granite face : " UNITED states post office . EST . 1884 . " 38 int . post office ( pine view ) - night 38 Long ago stripped , it still have a proud , official , almost holy feel . the postman wander in , stop to read the credo calligraphy on the wall . " neither snow , nor rain ... " he turn at a SOUND . Ford be here , lean against a wall . ford I know you would come here . the postman you do , huh ? Ford nod . a sage sixteen - year-old . ford how do you get to be a postman , anyhow ? the postman you have to be in the right place at the right time . ford how could I do it ? ( continued ) 50 . 38 continued : 38 the postman I think you want to drive car . ford not anymore . that be kid 's stuff . this be real . so , where 's the right place ? the postman could be anywhere . anytime . only another postman can make you a postman . ford kinda like vampire , right ? the postman something like that . you have to be swear in . Ford raise he right hand , palm out , ready to take the oath . it take the postman a moment to realize . the postman the organization 's kinda shaky . it might not last . ford what do ? the postman you would meet a lot of people who do not believe in you . ford I will set they straight . the postman it 's a lonely job . ford I have be lonely all my life . this response strike a chord . the postman see how badly Ford want something to hold onto . he see himself . the postman so have I , Ford . so have I . the postman look up at the creed on the wall . finally ... ( continued ) 51 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 the postman what the hell ? repeat after I . postman / ford ( repeat ) neither snow , nor rain , nor heat nor gloom of night stay this courier from the swift completion of they appoint round . the postman okay then . ford ( repeat ) okay , then . the postman no , no , no , I be say that . you just listen ... by my authority you be now empower to carry the mail . ( extend a hand ) congratulation , you be a postman . they shake hand . the postman do not realize , but this be the most important moment in Ford 's life . ford I want you to know I would die to get a letter through . Ford 's intensity take the postman back . but the moment be break when ... briscoe ( o.s. ) johnny , why do not you run along . I need to speak to this man . Ford bristle at " johnny , " look to the postman . ford I will see you around . the postman sure thing , Ford . Ford exit . briscoe johnny 's real impressed with you . Whole town 's real impressed with you . ( continued ) 52 . 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 the postman I take it you be not . briscoe smarter than you look . the postman what can I do for you , sheriff ? briscoe you can clear out . or I can throw you out . either way suit I fine . the postman I be afraid you do not understand , sheriff . I be a government employee . authorize by -- briscoe you be not authorize by shit . you be nothing but a drifter who find a bag of mail . and I want you out of my town . the postman this be go in my report . briscoe this people do not need dream , Mr. postman . they need something real . they need help with the goddamn holnist . be you go to bring they that ? ( as the postman do not answer ) do not think so . all you cost we so far be a few bowl of soup and maybe later a few break heart . I aim to keep it that way . you can stay till morning . then I do not ever want to see you again . briscoe exit , leave the postman alone in the post office . 39 int . abandoned HOTEL - room 7 - night 39 the postman arrive home . he push open the door , knock over a stack of letter that have be shove under the door . he gather they up , flip through they . they be write on scrap , the back of picture , on handkerchief and homemade paper . they be not old . ( continued ) 53. 39 continued : 39 they be brand new . shake he head , he close the door . the postman have no sooner do so when there 's a knock on the window . he look over at a woman . she shrug , smile , hold up a letter . the postman sigh ; he 's trap in here . 40 ext . foster' freeze - night 40 camera start on a man with a string - tie package crossing the street and drift to the abandon car where Ford life . he 's home . on ford concentrate , Ford hold a needle and thread and a piece of cloth on which he 's draw a approximation of the post office shoulder patch . by moonlight he embroider it in . not exactly work you would pay money for , but not bad either . 41 int . abandoned HOTEL - room 7 - close on string - tied 41 package - night ~from the previous scene . it 's on the table with a grow stack of mail . the postman be in bed , try to sleep . but it 's hard - come . he lace he finger behind he head , stare up at the moon through a hole in the wall . a knock at the door . the postman just leave it . there 's a pause . and then , another knock . the postman I say leave it . the door open . surprise . Abby stand in the doorway , she hair hold up by a old red ribbon . he sit up . the postman hello , Abby . ABBY you will be leave tomorrow ? the postman I guess . ( continued ) 54 . 41 continued : 41 ABBY ( enter ; close door ) everybody 's up late write letter for you to take . we be not suppose to waste candle like that , but they be so excited . the postman how about you ? do you have a letter ? ABBY I do not have anybody to write to . the postman I will find you a pen pal . someone with interest similar to you own . Dancing , check for mump . Abby laugh . the postman be charme . ABBY you be funny . hardly anyone 's funny around here . the postman I guess no one feel much like laugh . the two of they just look at each other a moment . Abby finger the ribbon in she hair . ABBY have you decide yet ? the postman oh , well , I have be think about it . a beat . Abby let she shift drop to the floor , then slide under the sheet alongside he . the postman sure . why not ? they lie there awkwardly for a moment . he look at she . the postman God , you be beautiful . sorry , I know you would probably like to keep thing more clinical . ( beat ) you do not even know my name . ( continued ) 55 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 she shush he , cover he mouth with she hand . ABBY I do not want to . he nod he understand . she stare into he eye . ABBY it would be easier for I if you close you eye . the postman close he eye . Abby slide she hand away from he mouth . and as they start to make love ... dissolve to : 42 int . abandoned HOTEL - room 7 - day 42 the postman wake , reach for the warm body that be there last night . but Abby be go . all that 's leave behind be she red ribbon . wistful , he pick it up . 43 ext . abandoned HOTEL - day 43 the postman exit . in uniform , he bag sling over he shoulder . he start then stop short . only now do we see most of the townspeople have silently assemble here . they have be wait for he , starve for he . Ford step up , hand he another fresh packet of letter . the postman see that Ford hang on to four or five . the postman what about that ? ford this be go to Blue jay . about twenty mile east . I think I could take they . the postman scan the crowd . look for Abby maybe ? the postman ( absently ) okay . they be yours . briscoe ride up , regards the postman sternly . briscoe I be you escort out of town . some of the town 's citizen lead up a saddle mare . ( continued ) 56 . 43 continued : 43 citizen # 1 we take a vote , Mr. postman . we want you to have this horse . citizen # 2 now do not say no . a man on horseback can cover ten time the territory of a man on foot . the postman ( smile at briscoe ) I will take it . he tie he mailbag to the saddle , swing himself up . citizen # 3 there 's a bedroll , some oat and a week 's ration . the postman thank you . citizen # 1 where do you figure you will go from here ? the postman go ?... oh yeah ... I will head west , then work my way back here in a sort of figure eight . " 8 . " everyone 's quiet a moment . they shift uncomfortably . the postman look out at the crowd . they crave hope . he should probably just keep he mouth shut . the postman Times seem hard right now . but you have to believe it 's get better . bird be migrate again . the rain be back . the people consider he and then each other . by God , they do feel hopeful . suddenly , ellen , she little boy by she side , begin to sing . it 's weak at first , but one - by- one the other join in . soon the whole town be sing : ellen &amp ; town ' oh beautiful for spacious sky , for amber wave of grain . for purple mountain 's majesty , above the fruite plain . America ... ' the postman look around . they sing they heart out . the guilt be overwhelming . he dig he heel into the horse 's flank and ride out of town . 57 . 44 ext . palisade gate ( pine view ) - day 44 people line the top as the postman and briscoe ride out . the strain of " america " still in the background . briscoe you get a helluva nerve , whoever you be . the postman do not rise to the bait . the postman be Abby around ? briscoe she and Michael be work the north meadow this morning . briscoe rein up -- he 's go as far as he duty command . briscoe well , you be on you own . the postman tip he cap and continue riding by " pine View - population 132 . " briscoe watch a moment , then call after he : briscoe hey ! be you really who you say you be ? the postman if I come back with some mail , you will know ! the postman continue . caught in a inner turmoil , briscoe reach into he pocket , and pull out a letter . he turn it over in he hand , look off at the postman . briscoe God damn it ! briscoe urge he horse forward , catch up . he hand the postman the letter , then ride back for town . the postman watch briscoe . the people lining the wall . and he realize just what effect he 's have . there 's nothing to do , but shrug he shoulder and ride . strain of " america " still echo hauntingly over : 45 ext . on road - SUN 45 a green and lavender sunset . in the middle of nowhere , the postman ride , chew a piece of jerk beef . he flip through some of the letter entrust to he . ( continued ) 58 . 45 continued : 45 the postman Eugene . ben . Portland . ( stop short ) Boston ! ( resume ) Seattle . boise ... St. Rose , paradise on the Pacific ... he consider the letter , look around as if someone may be watch . he just begin to tear the corner , then stop . the postman maybe one thing can still be sacred . ( to horse ) all in all , not a bad gig , huh ? the horse snort . smiling , the postman shove the envelope into he bag . as he do , he find something else . the red ribbon . he run it through he finger , think wistfully of Abby . then , like a knight of old represent a lady 's honor , he tie it to he mailbag and ride on . 46 ext . well ( pine view ) - day 46 Abby 's wash clothes with a tub and washboard . waging war on dirt . Michael lean against a tree , watch Abby at work until she notice he . she wipe the sweat from she brow , try not to smile . ABBY what be you look at ? michael everything . he step over and they be in each other 's arm . this be love . but as Michael kiss she , we hear a familiar alarm : sentry holnist ! holnist be come ! 47 ext . palisade gate ( pine view ) - day 47 led by bethlehem and getty , the soldier ride in . something about the citizen disturb bethlehem . bethlehem they do not usually look at I . ( continued ) 59 . 47 continued : 47 bethlehem rein in across from the post office . someone have hang a tatter old american flag . bethlehem who 's responsible for that ?! no one answer . all head be down now . 48 int . post office - day 48 Ford be sweeping up . the place look almost presentable . he stop when he hear bethlehem call once more for the responsible party . Ford start forward . suddenly briscoe be block he way . briscoe holnist , johnny . you gotta stay out of sight . ford I be a postman . and I be not hide from anyone . I -- briscoe grab he by the shirt , haul he out the back way . briscoe you stay out of this , or I will lock you up myself damnit . 49 ext . pine view - day 49 bethlehem pick Michael out of the crowd . bethlehem you . you will be responsible . ( to soldier ) get he a torch . Michael walk out into the square . one of the soldier return with a burn torch , give it to Michael . bethlehem look at the town , then at Michael . bethlehem set that flag on fire . ( continued ) 60 . 49 continued : 49 on michael it 's kill he , but Michael set the torch to the flag . bethlehem now throw it through the window of you ' post office . ' crash ! the torch go through the post office window . on ford struggle to get out , but briscoe block he way . on bethlehem as flame grow , he take one last look around . bethlehem the United States do not exist . that flag be a abomination . briscoe step forward , attempt to diffuse the situation . briscoe General bethlehem . ( as bethlehem turn ) we be gather the tribute , sir . can I take you wagon ? bethlehem decide not to kill anyone , look to getty . bethlehem make sure that fire do not go out . the General join briscoe . tear on he cheek , Ford watch the post office burn . 50 ext . parking lot ( pine view ) - early evening 50 bethlehem relax with he officer as wagon be load . Michael be just pass with a sack of grain on he shoulder , when bethlehem look across the street -- spy Abby and some of the other woman sewing grain sack shut . bethlehem good Lord . that , gentleman , be a first - rate piece of ass . ( continued ) 61 . 50 continued : 50 Michael overhear . he look over as bethlehem 's man nod in agreement . Michael see that they be talk about Abby . bethlehem tell the sheriff I want to be introduce . she do not belong in a mudhole like this . one of the man hurry off . it 's concern for Abby , not for he manhood that make he step forward . michael Excuse I . bethlehem ( look over ) you again ? michael that 's my wife , General . she 's a marry woman . bethlehem do you know what system of government we have here , son ? ( as Michael shrug ) a feudal system . like the Middle Ages . with lord and vassal . that 's you and I . that lord , they have some idea . if a vassal get marry , it be the lord 's right , he right , to sleep with the bride on the wedding night . michael I and Abby have be marry for three year . bethlehem sorry , but I be not invite to the wedding . now , you have already do I one favor , son . do not let this be a black mark on a otherwise perfect record . ABBY another woman have point out to she what 's go on . she can not hear what 's be say , but she watch , concerned . ( continued ) 62 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 parking lot bethlehem we will be civilized about this . I want you to give I you bless . michael Sir , I can not . you can not . bethlehem can not ? I be tired of can not . we have a great nation once . do you know what make it that way ? I can ! till the weak come along . the ' I can not ' destroy we . but I be go to make we strong again . I be go to be the father of a new nation . ( draw he sword ) do you know why it will be I ? Michael look to Abby as she start across the street . bethlehem because I can ! the sword whistle down . accompany by a anguish cry : ABBY Michael ! Abby rush forward , but she 's block by getty and another man . she cry out again and again . fill with impotent fury , briscoe squeeze out the word . briscoe you do not have to -- bethlehem do not have to what , sheriff ? Three holnist soldier draw down on briscoe . bethlehem circle , menace on he horse . bethlehem you people seem seditious . you seem seditious . briscoe stare down at Michael 's crumpled form . Abby wail . ( continued ) 63. 50 continued : ( 3 ) 50 briscoe aw , Michael ... briscoe might go after bethlehem despite the odd . bethlehem what be I see here ? I be wait . briscoe ( bury he anger ) man come through here . with mail . Said he be a postman . Said the government have be restore back east . bethlehem what government ? from out of the crowd -- a voice . Ford . ford the United States government . bethlehem whirl he horse at the noise . bethlehem who say that ? not wait for a answer , getty charge the crowd , knock one of the onlooker down . a dead silence . bethlehem frown , think it over a minute . bethlehem which way do he go ? ( a beat ) do not make I ask again . briscoe ( lie ) East . bethlehem ( to getty ) send a patrol east . send three more south , north and west . ( to briscoe ) they would better find he east . 51 ext . palisade gate ( pine view ) - night 51 the holnist army ride out . overcome by grief , tie at the wrist , Abby stumble behind one of the wagon . 64 . 52 ext . burnt -out post office - night 52 before the smoking ruin , Ford pull on a blue shirt , he homemade postal flag on the shoulder . as briscoe step up , Ford show he a bundle of singe , but intact letter . ford I manage to save this . briscoe ( be : shirt ) take that thing off , johnny . you want to die , too ? Ford shove the letter in a makeshift bag , then climb onto he wait pony . ford I be head south . with the mail . briscoe ( grab harness ) do not be a damn fool . ford what kind should I be ?... haw ! Ford dig he heel into the pony and be off in a flash do damn near a buck seventy - five . 53 int . movie theater ( benning , oregon ) - day 53 mail call . the postman stand in front of the tear screen . hope for glory by association , the smile Mayor stand beside he . the rag people of ben clamor in front . kid smile up at he as he call out name : the postman Rachel Clark ! ( as she 's there ) Charlie syke ! ( as he 's there ) Graham druitt ! voice g.d. die last winter of flu . the postman nod , stick the letter back in he bag . the postman that 's it for now , folk . there will be more once a real system be in place . ( continued ) 65 . 53 continued : 53 as usual , the postman be assault with question . man tell we about President starkey ! woman what about New York City ? do they survive the plague ? the postman survive ? they get Broadway up and run again . there 's a kid do Andrew Lloyd Webber like you would not believe . a older woman shed a happy tear -- this be wonderful news . man # 3 how much be it to mail a letter ? the postman ( smile ) a buck seventy - five . man # 3 that sound awful cheap . the postman the catch be the only currency recognize be silver american coin mint before 1964 and two dollar bill . look for Thomas jefferson . of course , food be always acceptable as barter . the moment be split by a siren . 54 ext . benning , oregon - day 54 a long double - line of holnist cavalry stand in formation in front of the city wall make from stack of crush car . on top , a skinny sentry crank the siren while a chubby sentry watch . bethlehem ride through they with Abby in tow -- she wrist tie by a rope which be looped around the pommel of bethlehem 's saddle . her face be bruise , she bottom lip split . bethlehem rein up , puzzle by the apparent stall . ( continued ) 66 . 54 continued : 54 gibb ( ride up ; salute ) they will not open the gate , sir . bethlehem what ? gibb they say they get a representative of the restore United States in there . they say this army be illegal . they say -- the chubby sentry answer from the top of the palisade . chubby sentry Drop dead and go to hell ! the chubby sentry disappear back behind cover . bethlehem remain control , but he manner become deadly . bethlehem the Roman have a expression they use to scare they child . ' hannibal ad porta ! ' -- hannibal be at the gate . do you know who hannibal be ? ( as she do not answer ) of course not . a pretty girl like you would not know a thing . ( to getty ) Colonel getty , get some man up there and open that gate . 55 ext . inside gate - day 55 the Mayor hurry over , the postman follow reluctantly behind . the Mayor spot the sentries up on the parapet . mayor what the hell be you do ?! open the gate ! skinny sentry government 's restore ! we do not have to take they crap anymore ! 56 ext . palisade gate ( benning ) - day 56 two holnist scale the gate . they be near the top when the skinny sentry appear . he fire a arrow . hit through the shoulder , one holnist fall . the other jump . 67 . 57 ext . parapet - inside wall - day 57 chubby and skinny duck down behind the safety of the wall , trading high - fives . 58 ext . palisade gate ( benning ) - day 58 bethlehem order he man to pull back . he shake he head , a quiet rage building . but he know there 's no military threat here . it 's go to be a massacre . 59 ext . parapet - inside wall - day 59 climb a inside ladder , the Mayor slam the chubby sentry against the wall . mayor idiot ! citizen # 1 ( realize ; scared ) they be gonna kill we all . the Mayor peer out through a observation hole . the postman and several other join he . chubby sentry no ! let 's fight they ! mayor with what ? we get five gun maybe 20 round of ammo in the whole town ! how do we fight they with that ?! the postman watch the holnist prepare for attack . the postman you do not . negotiate a settlement . give they extra supplies . the man look at each other . sound reasonable enough . mayor okay . you be a government rep . you go tell they . the look on the postman 's face say it all . 68 . 60 ext . gate ( benning , oregon ) - day 60 they open enough to let the postman ride out , then close behind he . he sit nervously on he horse wave a white flag . he 's meet , dismount and be lead to a command post where bethlehem be study a rough map of the town . bethlehem make it quick . I have get a attack to coordinate . the postman General , um , they have ask I to negotiate a peace treaty . the last time he and bethlehem be face - to-face , the postman have a shave head , be dress in rag , and be cover with cut and bruise . bethlehem can not place he , but there 's something familiar all the same . bethlehem do I know you ? the postman I do not think so , sir . I -- bethlehem ( scan uniform ) you be the postman , be not you ? ABBY watch from the flap of bethlehem 's tent . the guard see and shove she back inside . bethlehem and the postman bethlehem flick at the uniform flag shoulder patch . bethlehem the restore United States . do this people really believe that shit ? who be you really ? although he want to confess everything , something tell the postman he have to try to brass it out . the postman I be a United States postman . authorize by order 417 of the restore Congress to -- ( continued ) 69 . 60 continued : 60 bethlehem I be at the Battle of georgetown . I watch the White House burn to the ground . do not try to sell I on any restore U.S ... the postman the new capital be base in minneapolis . Inside the hubert humphrey metrodome . you know , where the Viking use to play ? bethlehem you be funny . now , what be the term ? the postman they will open the gate and give you double what they usually give . just do not hurt anybody . this be all a misunderstanding . bethlehem think this over . 61 int . abby' tent - day 61 Abby track the guard 's silhouette through the canvas . her eye search the tent -- land on the cot in the corner and focus on its heavy , wooden leg . 62 ext . gate - day 62 bethlehem have decide . bethlehem appreciate you offer , postman . Problem be , you be in no position to negotiate . this people make it through the bug and the riot and the three year winter . but they be not go to survive you . bethlehem look to getty and nod . getty motion to a gunner . the monster gun be fire . just as a shell explode against the gate -- 63 int . abby' tent - day 63 Abby bring the heavy wooden cot leg down on the unsuspecting guard 's head . 70 . 64 ext . CITY gate - day 64 the cavalry ride through roiling smoke into the open town . horrify , the postman step forward , but rifle be on he . all he can do be watch . the Mayor be the first to go down . bethlehem Law six , justice can be dictate . ( to soldier ) kill he . and kill the restore United States with he . bethlehem turn he attention to the battle . a captain step forward with gun raise . captain ( by rote ) in accordance with law eight and by the authority of emergency order 46 , you be hereby -- a crack of rifle FIRE . the Captain 's forehead explode and he fall to the ground . shock , bethlehem whirl for the source of the gunfire . Abby ! firing from a position behind a supply wagon . but even as bethlehem turn , a arrow sing in and lodge in he arm . fire from a pocket of sentries up on the palisade . bethlehem bellow in outrage and pain . the postman take advantage of the moment of chaos to grab the fall Captain 's gun . he pull a holnist rider from he horse and swing into the saddle . the unhorse rider go for he gun . but once more shot ring out and he go down . bethlehem duck as another bullet zing close . too close . bethlehem get she . two soldier move forward . suddenly the postman 's horse come thundering -- trample the holnist nearest he . the other holnist hear , look back , see the postman come and take aim just as the postman bring he gun to bear . ( continued ) 71 . 64 continued : 64 the holnist fire first . we do not see the hit . just watch as the postman fire a answer round . the holnist go down . the postman rein up alongside the wagon . grunting with pain , he reach down , take Abby 's arm and swing she up behind he . then dig he heel in for all he 's worth . more holnist come on the run . they FIRE . the horse snort in pain . he 's hit . but the postman urge he on , head into the wood . bethlehem snap off the arrow shaft and shout : bethlehem Colonel getty ! 65 ext . woodland road - day 65 Abby be concerned as the horse slow to a trot . ABBY we can not stop now . they will be come after we . the postman 's head loll forward . she feel something on she hand , pull it back smear with blood . the postman 's shot in the belly . the horse be fail . near death . we hear the sound of pursuing cavalry . Abby urge the horse off the road . when the thicket grow too dense , Abby jump down . she catch the postman as he slide off , ease he to the ground . the postman ( disorient ) Abby ... Abby shush he . she pull on the horse 's bridle to force he farther along . but it 's no good , the wounded horse go down on its knee . and five rider thunder past . fool . all but the sixth , who pull up to listen . in the deep b.g. , flame lick at the billow black smoke . the town be burn . the horse whinnie : in its death throes . Abby panic , try to quiet the horse . ( continued ) 72 . 65 continued : 65 the Sixth soldier have hear the suffer horse . he draw he rifle from the saddle boot and start into the thicket . on ABBY and postman the postman lie unconscious on the ground . Abby sit beside he , rifle in hand . the Sixth soldier appear . ABBY do not move . he hesitates at first . then dismount and move toward she . Abby cock the rifle . sixth soldier if you would have a bullet , you would a use it by now . move closer still , he do not see the branch pull back in the postman 's hand until it snap hard into he face . he stumble back . ABBY you be right . Abby dash out , rifle in hand . she swing for the bleacher . the butt catch the side of the Sixth soldier 's head . he fall hard . the postman 's eye flutter . daze , he watch as Abby pilfer through the soldier 's gear . she take everything of value : a knife , bullet , a canteen . his eye flutter close . 66 ext . wood - day 66 snowflake swirl . Abby lay a sapling travois beside the postman . he groan as she roll he onto it , tuck a blanket around he . use all the strength God give she , Abby lift one end , get it high enough to hitch it to the Sixth soldier 's horse . as Abby lead the horse away ... 67 ext . wood road - day 67 the snow have increase . a holnist patrol move down the road , disappear around a bend . a beat . ( continued ) 73. 67 continued : 67 Abby appear , lead the horse and travois . she cross the road and disappear into the wood . a moment later , she reappear with a pine branch which she use to brush at the snow , obscure they track . 68 ext . cascade mountain ( oregon ) - day 68 Riding into a blizzard , Abby lead the way up a zigzag path . a valley open up below . the unconscious postman lie bundle on the travois . 69 ext . hunting shack - dusk 69 a little square shape just visible beyond a creek . Abby lead the horse and travois-bound postman to it . 70 int . hunting shack - dusk 70 one room . dirt floor . the window rattle in the wind . snow fall through a hole in the roof . the wooden door burst back and Abby enter . half -frozen , she lead the horse and the travois right inside . 71 int . hunting shack - night 71 a fire have be light . the postman lie unconscious , he shirt open as Abby wash around he wound . she pull the shirt back to clean he chest . the material fall away and Abby stop short . there -- high on he biceps -- a brand " 8 . " she stare in disbelief . dissolve to : 72 int . hunting shack - day 72 the postman lie on a cot below the window . he 's conscious , but pale as a ghost . Abby bring he a bowl of soup . very thin soup . stir it with a spoon , the postman smile at Abby . the postman thank you . she turn she back on he without a word . the postman try a exchange just the same . ( continued ) 74 . 72 continued : 72 the postman I do not think I ever have water soup before . maybe next time we could try it with a little sand ? ( as she do not respond ) dirt? Wood ? ( as she do not smile ) a twig garnish ? she go about she business in silence . the postman you use to think I be funny . ABBY they kill Michael . the postman I be sorry . he take a spoonful of soup and she come to he . ABBY how sorry be you ? the postman what 's that suppose to mean ? her right hand flash out , hold a knife up under he chin . the postman what 's with you ? ABBY you get the mark of eight on you . a long beat . finally , he swallow the soup in he mouth . the action press he Adam 's apple against the blade . the postman a mark do not mean I be a -- ABBY you be a liar . I should have let you die . the postman then , why do not you ? if she know , she 's not ready to say yet . ( continued ) 75 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 the postman you be with bethlehem . do that make you one of they ? Abby consider this , the postman 's gaze flicker down to the spoon he still hold in he hand . take one last stab at a joke . the postman ( be : the spoon ) do not make I use this . Abby do not laugh . but she do relent . she step away . 73 ext . hunting shack / valley pass - sunset 73 the hunt shack huddle against the south side of a low rise . Beyond the rise , a pass . but there 's no negotiate it now . it 's completely snow in . and another storm be on the way . 74 int . hunting shack - day 74 wind howling in the b.g. the postman lie back on he cot . the little shack have be scour clean . Abby stare listlessly at the fire . the silence be torture . the postman try to strike up a conversation . the postman wind 's come up . ( no response from Abby ) get colder too . must be another storm -- Abby get up and throw a log on the fire . ABBY anything else ? the postman I do not mean for you to -- ABBY you leg be go to rot off if you do not try to walk . the postman I be hurt . ( continued ) 76 . 74 continued : 74 ABBY you be lazy . the postman lazy ?! I get a hole in my stomach . I be weak . the two big meal around here be grass and snow . and we be run out of grass . as the two of they glare at each other for a moment . Abby start to put on she coat . the postman where be you go ? Abby do not answer . she pick up the rifle and start to lead the horse outside . the postman you be not leave I here , be you ? Abby be out the door without a word . 75 ext . hunting shack - day 75 hold on the postman in the window as she continue past . he watch a moment , suddenly grimace . a gunshot . the thud of a body slamming to the ground . Abby have shot the horse . CUT to : 76 ext . hunting shack / pass - sunrise 76 tiny track in the snow , lead away from the shack . Abby struggle to make the monumental climb from the shack to the top of the rise where she can get a clear view of the pass . pan past she up to the top of the rise . it 's a clear day -- but the pass be still snow - in . no sign of winter recede . dissolve to : 77 int . hunting shack - day 77 Abby ladle a meager portion of horse meat stew into a bowl . ( continued ) 77 . 77 continued : 77 ABBY this be the last of it . she walk with the bowl past the postman -- who sit on he cot with arm outstretch -- and pointedly set the bowl on the table . the postman ( mumble ) give I a break ... Abby start put on layer after layer of clothing . ABBY I be go to check the pass . the postman why be you in such a hurry to get out of here ? I can think of worse place . and worse company to -- and with the slam of the door she be go . dissolve to : 78 int . hunting shack - day 78 a few flake of snow have begin to drift down . the postman sit at the window -- start to play tic-tac - toe in the frost . but then it dawns on he : the postman you can not play tic-tac - toe with yourself . 79 ext . wood - day 79 disorient , Abby stop to take stock of she surround - ing . but she can not make anything out -- the snowfall be too thick . 80 int . hunting shack - day 80 the fire be die . the food untouched . the postman sit in bed stare anxiously out the window . the snow have turn into a blizzard . he run Abby 's red ribbon through he hand . 78 . 81 ext . wood - day 81 Abby trudge along heavily . she stumble as the ice cover the stream break beneath she foot . ABBY help ! 82 int . hunting shack - day 82 the postman hear she call . 83 ext . hunting shack - day 83 the door open and out step the postman . in pain , he stagger around the back of the cabin -- in search of she . 84 ext . stream - day 84 Abby look up , see he come . the postman collapse across from she . both prone , they be also nearly nose - to - nose . the postman I can not help you . finally , he pull himself to he knee . she do the same . they climb each other to a stand position . Arm - in - arm , they start for the cabin . 85 int . hunting shack - dusk 85 Abby sit huddle in blanket . the fire be blaze . the postman step over , set the once- again - hot bowl of stew before she . she consider the food a moment . ABBY I tell you that 's all there be . the postman that 's why you should have it . ABBY I know you could walk . the postman you be weird , you know that ? 79 . 86 int . hunting shack - night 86 the postman lie in bed , stare through the hole in the roof . a full moon be on the rise . Abby lie in she own makeshift bed , also awake . after a long silence : the postman we walk on the moon once , Abby . ABBY so ? what good be that now ? the postman obviously you have forget Tang and microwave oven . ( a beat ) you face look pretty . Abby look up . the postman not so bruise . ABBY look , there 's something you would better know . you be go to find out soon enough . I be pregnant . ( a long beat ) it 's Michael 's baby . you be just the body father . the postman how do you know it 's mine and not bethlehem 's ? ABBY he try with I almost every night . he could not do it . so he beat I . Said it be my fault . dissolve to : 87 ext . hunting shack / pass - day 87 Abby stand atop the low rise -- look out to the pass . spring have come to the mountain . at long last the snow be start to recede . dissolve to : 88 ext . fishing pool - day 88 the postman kneel by the bank , sharpen a knife to clean the fish he 's catch . ( continued ) 80 . 88 continued : 88 then , he catch he reflection in the water . tangled beard . matted hair . be that he ? he suddenly start sharpen the knife with renew vigor . we get a sense he 's not go to use it on the fish . hand plunge into the water , pull splashful up . we start on the postman 's back , then arc around as he wash he face . he 's just finish shave off he beard with the hunt knife . he 's nick - up , but it 's a definite improvement and he smile in satisfaction -- until he see -- Abby , reflect in the water . the postman Abby . the postman whip around to see she stand there . the postman what be it ? what 's wrong ? be it the baby ? ABBY the pass be clear . it 's time to go . behind she , he see the cabin be on fire . take off run . 89 ext . hunting shack - day 89 the fire be blaze . the hunt shack be too far go to save . the postman turn around . the postman what happen ? he 's nonpluse to find Abby stand beside a pile of they neatly - pack gear . the postman you get we stuff out . ABBY of course . ( continued ) 81 . 89 continued : 89 the postman of course ? I do not understand . ABBY I set the fire . the postman be I miss the point here ? ABBY you do not think we would stay here forever , do you ? ( the postman have no response ) I would appreciate if you would walk with I long enough to find someplace safe for the baby . then we can split up . ( a beat ) you shave . the postman have all but forget . the postman yeah ... ABBY it look nice . before he can respond , she 's head off toward the pass , leave the postman to shake he head at the absurdity of it all . he shout after she . the postman you be really weird , you know that ? dissolve to : 90 ext . valley - below cascade mountain - day 90 carry they gear , Abby and the postman walk across a meadow of wild flower , head for a old road . the postman have you ever hear of St. Rose , Abby ? ABBY I have hear people talk . I have hear lot of name . bliss . hesperia . New eden . sheriff briscoe say it 's a fantasy . ( continued ) 82. 90 continued : 90 the postman he 's wrong . St. Rose be out there . and I be go to find it . ABBY but you be the postman . the postman look , I be nobody , Abby . I be just ... before he can come clean -- they see a distant rider come hard . the postman unsling the rifle , slide a round into the chamber . the postman this be what I hate . stranger . do you say ' hi ' or do you blow they head off ? do they want to share what they get or take what you have ? and if they want to take , how far be you willing to go to stop they ? damn it . ( to the Rider ) all right . that 's far enough . the Rider pull up short , wear a blue home - make uniform . the postman we do not want any trouble . rider I neither , mister . the postman be take aback . the Rider , a girl , pull off she cap , mop it across she brow . maybe 14 , we will always know she by she ponytail . Abby register the uniform first . ABBY what be you ? ponytail ( rider ) carrier 18 . U.S. postal service . get any mail ? lower the rifle , the postman look over at Abby , back to ponytail . the postman that 's impossible . ( continued ) 83. 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 ponytail ai not you hear of the postman ? ABBY no , tell we . ponytail he 's only the great man who ever live . he cross the wasteland , shook he fist at the enemy and spit in the eye of General bethlehem himself . he 's back east with President starkey right now . the postman who tell you all this ? ponytail postmaster Ford lincoln mercury . he 's in direct contact with the restore congress . the postman direct contact ... I do not believe this . ponytail ( grow irritate ) do you have mail , or do not you ? the postman you say carrier eighteen . that mean there 's eighteen of you ? ponytail thirty -two . as of midnight . 91 ext . r.v. park - day 91 Oregon 's main post office . a silver airstream , fifty mobile home and rusty winnebagos rest on flat tire . Flying from a pole : the flag of the restore United States . a young recruit be ringing a bell on the top of a winnebago . Ford walk along a rv boulevard . he 's join by two young carrier , red and chubby ( the sentry from ben ) . all wear hip , personalize variation of the official uniform . chubby you get another letter ? ( continued ) 84 . 91 continued : 91 they come around the corner to where seven young recruit wait . they be join by another twenty carrier . ford more recruit ? red Seven of they . they be come from everywhere . Ford look they over in satisfaction . chubby do you get a letter or do not you ? Ford smile , reach into he pocket . he pull out a crease sheet of paper . chubby grin . ford Gather 'round , everybody . get another letter here . come in last night . buzz with excitement , the carrier gather around Ford . south end of boulevard ponytail lead Abby and the postman . they come up in the back of the crowd . flanke by Red and chubby , Ford stand on the hood of a car , letter in hand . the postman tap a clueless young carrier on the back . the postman what 's all this ? young carrier postman send Ford another letter . he 's gonna read it . ford ( read ) ' hello , all postal carrier . ' carrier ( a ritual ) hello ! ( continued ) 85 . 91 continued : ( 2 ) 91 ford I be here in minneapolis with President starkey , but my thought be with you . remember , nothing worth do can be do overnight . keep you chin up and do you best not to get shot . sign , the postman . a buzz go through the crowd . ponytail look over . ponytail his letter be always kind of short . Abby and the postman exchange a look . ford ( look up ) hold on now . there 's a p.s... anybody know what p.s. stand for ? the postman raise he hand . Ford look he way . his mouth drop as he realize . in silence , he walk over to the postman . they embrace and all the weight Ford 's be carry on he young shoulder suddenly fall to the postman . the kid nearly collapse . chubby Holy shit ... red that would be h.s. , chubby . chubby I see he once when I live in ben . it 's the postman ! Word go through the crowd like a wave . the postman take the letter , read . the postman p.s. Ford know what to do . Ford shrug sheepishly . ford guess you want to talk about this ? the postman take Ford by the elbow . they disappear into the tent . the carrier just stare after they , awestruck . ( continued ) 86 . 91 continued : ( 3 ) 91 ponytail I find he ! I find he ! they clamor around she . 92 int . tent - day 92 the postman and Ford . the postman President starkey ? minneapolis ? Ford know what to do ? ford I think you be dead . the postman so ? I be not make the connection . what 's all this then ? ford I lie . I tell people you be in contact with I . the postman why ? ford because I do not want it to end . the postman I do not know how long I can stay , Ford . President starkey will send word one day and I will have to move on . understand ? ford sure . but you will stay till he send word ? right ? the postman can not answer , just turn and walk out of the tent . 93 ext . tent - day 93 as the postman exit , chubby lead the carrier in a salute . the postman actually turn a moment to see if someone else be stand behind he . he look back , see the young , shine face . ( continued ) 87 . 93 continued : 93 the postman aw , do not do that . hand down . they hand go down in one crisp military move . the postman look at Abby , to Ford as he exit the tent . the kid be craving reassurance . ford you will stay ' till President starkey send word , right ? right ? the postman yeah , till he send word , right . Ford smile , gesture to the carrier . ford could you say a few word ? the postman look over at the carrier . they quiet under he gaze , immediately respectful . the problem be , he have no idea what to say . finally : the postman two plus two equal four . the cheer be tumultuous . the postman pick Abby out of the cheer crowd -- the look on she face say it all . 94 ext . rv park - winnebago row - day 94 the gut of the operation . several carrier be busy sorting and bag letter . it go out pin to a clothesline which crisscross back and forth . everyone follow as Ford take the postman on a tour . there be hushed whisper among that who be see he for the first time . ford we bring all the mail here first . we sort it , group it and then it go out . so far we get thirty route . Ford lead the postman and Abby into another winnebago . chubby and Red and ponytail follow . that that can not fit just peer in through the window . 88. 95 int . winnebago - day 95 a old manual crank printing press be work away . Ford proudly remove a sheet , show it to the postman . a caricature of eight evil holnist , form a figure eight . beneath : " unite against holnist tyrraney ! " the postman you spell tyranny wrong . chubby ( low , to Red ) Boy , he 's smart . 96 ext . rv camp - GREEN lawn - day 96 the seven young recruit see earlier stand in a line . they be join by old GEORGE , every day of 75 year old . ponytail hold up she hand , swear they in . ponytail / recruit neither snow , nor rain , nor heat , nor gloom of night ... as they finish , the postman and Ford pass by . the recruit salute . shake he head , the postman 's about to salute back when he spot Old George . George have a fade purple " airborne " tattoo on he arm and a twinkle in he eye . there 's a old crow on he shoulder . the postman how old be you ? old GEORGE seventy - five , sir . the postman look over at Ford , who shrug . the postman can you ride ? old GEORGE nope . can not walk too good , either . the postman why be you here ? old GEORGE I know stuff . the postman look at Ford again . then : ( continued ) 89 . 96 continued : 96 the postman ( be : tattoo ) when do you get that ? old GEORGE 1970 . a girl with eye as big as saucer do I in a little town call saigon . 97 ext . rv camp - airstream - sunset 97 carrier move item out of the trailer . the camp be buzzing as usual . the postman look on -- see Abby pass by . the postman Abby -- ABBY yes ? he 's get she attention , just do not know what to do with it . the postman Ford want I to have he trailer . Said it 's the best one . ABBY I be on the other side of town . the postman I get plenty of room here . she shake she head , and then walk away . the postman watch she disappear into the bustle of the camp . the postman so much for the uniform theory . 98 ext . holnist winter camp ( northern california ) - sunset 98 the same sun set on the holnist camp . 99 int . bethlehem tent - sunset 99 bethlehem once again at he easel with palette in hand . he 's try another style -- impressionism -- and it 's worse than the last . he look over as getty and Gibbs approach with a prisoner . ( continued ) 90 . 99 continued : 99 bethlehem what do you think , Lieutenant ? gibb can not tell what it be if you stand too close . the color all kinda run together , do not they ? bethlehem yes ... bethlehem look away from he painting to see Gibbs and getty flanking a scared , blue-clad mail carrier . for a instant , mistake he for : bethlehem well , if it be not we old friend the u.p.s. man . gibb we capture he on the Oregon border . realizing , bethlehem turn the face from side - to-side . bethlehem who the hell be you ? carrier ( prisoner ) carrier twelve . United States , um , postal service . getty set some of the carrier 's anti-holnist propaganda onto bethlehem 's field table . bethlehem pick it up . it 's hard to say what he 's think . finally : bethlehem I want the camp strike at dawn . we be move north . gibb yes , sir . bethlehem look back to carrier twelve . bethlehem ( chill ) you spell tyranny wrong . 91 . 100 ext . rv camp - dawn 100 ten letter carrier be on horseback . among they , Red and ponytail . Ford and the postman be also on horse . each rider salute the postman , then get a sheaf of anti- holnist propaganda from Ford . the postman I wish they would stop salute . it 's annoying he . as chubby ride up . the postman catch he right wrist as he attempt to salute . so chubby salute with the leave hand instead . as they line up : the postman just stay safe and remember . the mailman 's more important than the mail . chubby Boy , he 's smart . the sun just peek up over the horizon . at that signal , the carrier thunder off , the ground tremble under they . the look on they face . the glory of it all . they be alive ! the postman hesitates , watch after they a moment . the postman what the hell ? urging he horse forward , he ride after they . with they . and then , like a explode firework , each postman shoot off in a separate direction . headed for all point of the compass and some in between . 101 ext . oregon hamlet - day 101 the postman look down on the gather crowd from he horse and smile . the postman for President starkey and the first Congress of the restore United States , I officially declare postal Station 10 ... what 's the name of this town ? young leader we never name it . the postman ( think ; smile ) I officially declare postal Station 10 in elvis , Oregon , open for business ! 92 . 102 ext . town ( somewhere in oregon ) - day 102 a eye-blink of a town . ponytail stand on a crate read name and hand letter to the grateful people mass around she . 103 ext . town ( idaho border ) - day 103 Red and chubby finish mail call , exchange a amaze look as they be offer a platter of food . 104 ext . highway - night 104 the moon hang low over a interstate . a rider be silhouett by the silvery orb , look like some post - apocalyptic Don Quixote . it 's the postman . 105 ext . farmhouse / country road - day 105 see from the porch , a rider gallop hard on the road beyond . a little boy come rush out , letter in hand . the boy pull up short ; realize the rider be already too far go . the boy 's shoulder sag ; he 's crush . little boy I miss he . it 's a almost psychic moment as the rider rein up in the distance and turn back around . a freeze beat and he start gallop back down the road . fearless , the boy hold out the letter . the rider close ; it 's the postman . the boy stretch out as far as he can . without break stride , the postman lean out of the saddle , snatch the letter as he pass . the boy watch after he -- know what he 's go to be when he grow up . 106 ext . pine view gate - day 106 sheriff briscoe huff and puff he big frame up the ladder and onto the top of the palisade . briscoe phil , this better not be another of you u.f.o .'s . he look where the sentry point . the postman wait at the gate , behind he on horseback : Ford and Abby . ( continued ) 93. 106 continued : 106 the postman I be back ! and I get mail . briscoe ( amaze ) I will be damned . 107 ext . pine view street - day 107 the postman ride with briscoe , hurry to stay alongside he . half the town jog along behind they . ford bethlehem be offer a 1000 pound of gold to whoever bring you in . Dead or alive . the postman thank God it be not a carton of cigarettes . briscoe I would have shot you myself . 108 ext . pine view street - night 108 pine View be throw a party . it 's in full swing . a couple of guitar . a banjo and a trombone . everyone dance . the postman walk with briscoe , see Mrs. March as she letter be read to she . catch a glimpse of Abby dance with Ford . he seem , for the first time , truly happy . for that matter , so do briscoe . briscoe thing be get better . get better all the time . ( a beat ) I do not know who you be , but I do know I be wrong about you . the postman smile , reach in he bag for a envelope . the postman get a letter for you , sheriff . briscoe turn it over in he hand , look up in wonder . briscoe it 's from my sister . I think she be dead . ( continued ) 94 . 108 continued : 108 the postman you think wrong . briscoe have tear in he eye . the postman continue on , embarrassed but affect . dance the postman tap Ford 's shoulder , want to cut in on he and Abby . Ford step aside . a beat before Abby decide it 's okay . they begin . her eye be on she foot , careful that she do not take a misstep . but he eye be on she . and over it all , bleeding in , the sound of hoof beat . 109 ext . lonely road ( southern oregon ) - night 109 a mail carrier , Red , ride like the devil himself be in pursuit . almost . it 's getty and three holnist . intercut with : dance they whirl as the tempo pick up . the postman pull Abby in closer . her eye now move up to he . road they be close in on the terrify Red . dance Abby and the postman . the chemistry be undeniable . road rifle crack . shot in the back , Red throw back he arm . letter flutter from the mail bag over he shoulder ; he seem to glide along that way forever . dance the postman look at Abby ; she 's so beautiful . like only a pregnant woman can be . ( continued ) 95 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 the postman tell I about the baby , Abby . I want to know . Abby snap out of the dream she 's in . this be not right . break away , she head off . as he watch she go : road Red fall from he horse . one of the soldier scoops up he mailbag . CUT to : 110 int . command tent ( southern oregon ) - night 110 by lantern , bethlehem and getty watch as Gibbs sort through the content of the confiscate mailbag . gibb births and death , the weather , gossip . there 's nothing here . bethlehem nothing ? everything be here . be I the only one who see that ? ( to Gibbs ) get out ! Gibbs hurry away , leave bethlehem and getty alone . bethlehem give the people back they hope and they dream will not be far behind . bethlehem see getty wait . bethlehem what be it , getty ? getty hand bethlehem a sheet of paper -- something Gibbs miss . it 's a propaganda sheet feature a caricature of the postman lead a few carrier against bethlehem and he army -- represent as Hitler and the Nazis . the caption underneath read : " ride against the holnist tide ! " ( continued ) 96 . 110 continued : 110 bethlehem ( crumpling the paper ) a military man , especially a commander , should keep a journal . after he 's go , it 's the only real defense against the slander that arise . 111 int . old george' trailer - night 111 Old George sit hunch over a home - make shortwave radio with a joint in he mouth . the postman sit beside he , listen as static pour from a old car speaker . the postman who do you talk to ? old GEORGE not a soul in seven year of try . but I will . the postman step to a telescope point up through a hole in the trailer ceiling . old GEORGE go ahead . take a look . ( offer joint ) want some ? the postman no . no thanks . hey , do not let the kid see that . George nod and go on play with the dial -- search for a voice in the void . the postman focus on the moon . old GEORGE I be a aerospace engineer . I help design the Galileo space station . ( scan sky ) I dream it 's orbit Earth forever . with a dozen human skeleton all grin at each other . laugh at we down here . there 's a urgent knocking on the trailer door . Ford appear . the postman what be it ? ( continued ) 97 . 111 continued : 111 ford it 's Red . he 's overdue . the postman that make five . all on Southern route . 112 ext . truck stop - day 112 five dead mail carrier have be laid out on the asphalt . bethlehem walk the line , look for he elusive arch - enemy . bethlehem no. no. not he . no. ( look to soldier ) Children . I want a man and you bring I child ! 113 ext . oregon road - day 113 a beautiful day . ponytail round a bend at a lope -- and then -- she eye widen in terror . she jerk the rein ; the horse rear in protest . ahead : the truck stop . the five mail carrier hang upside down from the roof 's overhang . a macabre sight . Pov through rifle scope sighting on ponytail . a hand come into frame and bring the rifle barrel down . it 's -- gibb and holnist sharpshooter gibb not yet . General want the message to get back . 114 ext . rv. camp - night 114 pan up from the postman 's dusty boot to he grimly determine face as he stride through camp and stop at Old George 's trailer . he move out of frame , revealing -- Abby and ponytail in the b.g. 98 . 115 int . old george' trailer - night 115 as usual , Old George be hunkere down before he short wave . he look as the door open and the postman enter . the postman tell I about the other stuff you know ... George cross the trailer , open a cabinet . Inside : twenty odd gun plus the part for several more . the crow caw . 116 ext . elvis , oregon - day 116 quiet . a old flag ruffle outside the post office -- the only new structure in town . Old George sweep the porch as a patrol of ten holnist soldier ride into town . George make no move to flee as they near . as they rein up across from he he just smile and continue sweeping . sense it , the holnist officer look up . there , on the roof , stand the postman . Ford and briscoe flank he -- along with twenty mailmen and local , armed with gun , bow and rock . as the soldier raise they rifle , the roofies OPEN FIRE . George whip up a saw - off shotgun . boom ! caught in the storm , the ten soldier go down . grim , the postman look to Ford as the local cheer . George resume sweeping . the mailmen climb down to strip the weapon off the dead . the postman Ford , I want you to get rid of the body . I do not want this people blame for what we do . Ford nod . 117 ext . holnist army camp - night 117 two sentries guard the east . they peer into the gloom at the sound of a wagon approaching . it sound like it 's come fast . sentry halt ! identify yourself ! ( continued ) 99 . 117 continued : 117 wagon tear along . Ford at the rein , urging the horse to all possible speed . then he stand , leap to the ground . sentries they raise they rifle as the riderless wagon loom out of the night . they each get off a shot before be force to dive out of the way . the wagon continue on , down to ... holnist camp a soldier finally grab hold of one of the halter and bring the wagon to a stop . half -dress , bethlehem step up . a tarp cover the back upon which be write ... bethlehem ( read ) postage due ... bethlehem yank away the tarp to reveal the 10 dead holnist soldier . the man around bethlehem exchange look , can not believe it . bethlehem bellow in rage . 118 ext . wood - night 118 Ford , hide in the wood , smile at the sound . 119 ext . holnist camp - night 119 bethlehem step forward and shout he challenge into the night . bethlehem you want a war ? I will give you a war . I be bear for it ! 120 ext . wood - night 120 bethlehem 's word reach Ford , he smile fade . he 's just a scared boy . he kick he horse into a gallop and ride away . CUT to : 100 . 121 ext . SMALL airfield - day 121 in the fog , the sound of hollow hoof beat . the postman ride past the shape of airplane . stand silent . forever ground . the ghost of the past . 122 ext . rv camp - day 122 Ford be swear in four new recruit . on ford and recruit as they repeat after he we realize they have change the oath a bit . ford / recruit neither snow , nor heat , nor gloom of night . through bandit 's hell , through fire fight . through flood and plague we cannot fail . no holnist trash will stop the mail . the postman riding he weary mount into town , saddlebags bulg with mail . he pause by the new recruit long enough to hear the word they be say . as he dismount , a fresh - face carrier take the bridle . the postman 's well past the point of fatigue . he 's live on pure adrenaline . the postman get this mail sort . bring I a fresh horse . something to eat . as fresh - face start away , the postman call after he . the postman and all the mail go South ! the postman watch as Ford shake the hand of the new recruit . the postman reach for he canteen . empty . damn . a tin cup fill with water appear from nowhere . Abby . the postman take it , too tired to acknowledge the gesture . the postman they change the oath . ( continued ) 101 . 122 continued : 122 ABBY Ford 's idea . the postman figure . ( scoff ) they do not think to ask who they be replace . or why . he drain the cup and hand it back to she . just then , one of the new recruit , luke , step over . luke Sir ? it would be a honor if I could shake you hand . a farmboy - type , luke look like a young version of Woody . the postman see this , be lose in reverie . luke still hold he hand out . luke Sir ? the postman you look like ... do I know you ? luke no , sir . the postman well , good luck to you . nodding in awe , luke head off . the postman Nice kid . probably be dead in a week . ABBY ( ignore it ) you be exhaust . you need rest . there 's food in the trailer -- ponytail ride by ; two sack of mail hang from she saddle pommel . the postman grab she horse 's halter , stop she . the postman where be you go ? ponytail Route twenty - two . I be already a hour late . ( continued ) 102 . 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 the postman you be ground . get off the horse . you know the rule . ponytail what rule ? the postman twenty -two 's too far south . ponytail but they be wait on they mail down there . the postman get off the goddamn horse . shock , she do . at the same time , fresh - face come up lead a second horse laden with mail . the postman ( be : ponytail 's horse ) tie he off to this one . Fresh - face go about tie the second horse to the first . ABBY you can not keep do this . the postman do what ? ABBY Riding all the route . you be not save anyone . the postman climb on ponytail 's horse , look at Abby . the postman do I ever tell you how I get to be a postman , Abby ? ( do not give she time to answer ) I do not know if you would laugh or cry . the postman dig in he heel . the horse gallop away , the second one follow behind . 103 . 123 ext . elvis , oregon - close on bloodied postal carrier - 123 night a crowd of townsfolk be visible in deep b.g. Beyond they , the town of elvis burn to the ground . the camera circle around the bloodied carrier until we be look over he shoulder at a fire squad lead by Colonel getty and Lieutenant Gibbs . bethlehem watch . gibb ready ! the only building not on fire be the post office . a soldier ride up , carry a torch , meaning to burn it . soldier the post office , General ? bethlehem no . let it stand . all by itself . so it can remind they what it cost they . gibb aim ! rifles be aim . gibb Fire ! shock and dismay from the townsfolk as shot ring out . close on bloody carrier' face as he realize he 's still stand . pull back to reveal nine body lie on the ground . only the bloodie carrier be still stand . bethlehem point at the bloodie carrier , crook a finger for he . he stagger up . bethlehem smile . bethlehem you think you can ride ? ( as the carrier nod ) then today 's you lucky day . 124 int . rv park - airstream - day 124 Abby tend to the bloodie carrier . he try to salute as the postman enter the trailer . ( continued ) 104 . 124 continued : 124 Ford and chubby watch and wait as the postman go to the boy 's side . bloodied carrier bethlehem say ... the postman motion it 's okay as the carrier struggle . bloodied carrier ... he 's ... head north . he 's gonna kill ten people in every town . then burn it to the ground . for what you do ... the postman be puzzle . but Ford know what and why . bloodied carrier he say to tell you pine View 's on he way . he say he would wait there , but not for long . ( break down ) I be so scared , sir ... I think they be go to kill I , too ... I wish they would have ... 125 ext . rise above pine view - day 125 the postman poise on a rise that afford a view of the gruesome spectacle below . postman' Pov pine View in flame . the big John deere gun have blow several gap into the palisade . bethlehem watch as he army sack the town . the people have be round up . the selection of the ten have begin . 126 ext . rise above pine view - day 126 the postman wheel he horse around . but Ford , ponytail , chubby and luke be stand in he way . ford what be you go to do ? the postman I be go to stop this . ford you can not . ( continued ) 105 . 126 continued : 126 the postman get out of my way , Ford . all of you . ford ( shaking he head ) they will kill you . the postman start to ride through they . luke , chubby and ponytail move they horse to block . Ford maneuver he horse in close and grab the postman 's harness . the postman goddamnit -- the postman jump off he horse . Ford tackle he . the postman shove he away , continue on . luke and chubby pounce on he . with Ford 's help , they hold he down . ford you can not help they ! the postman there 's still time , Ford ! the postman struggle . they be genuinely have trouble hold he down . ponytail ( be : the postman ) you be hurt he . but there 's no let-up . ford no , this be all my do . I go against you order . there 's a moment of shocked surprise . ford the holnist we kill . you tell I to bury they . but I do not . I send bethlehem the body . the postman why ? ford because bethlehem have to know that we be not go to stop . ( continued ) 106 . 126 continued : ( 2 ) 126 the postman God damn you , Ford . that people down there be die because of we . because of what we do . ford bullshit . they be die because of bethlehem . they be die because this be a shitty world . and if we be ever go to change it , then somebody might have to die . if I could make it be I down there I would . but I can not . a terrible scream give they all pause . 127 ext . pine view - day 127 down below -- holnist soldier hold back a scream mother as she 10 - year- old boy be pull into the line . sheriff briscoe be among the ten , he put he hand on the boy 's shoulder -- the picture of grace under pressure . 128 ext . rise above pine view - on postman and carrier 128 the postman my God , what have I do ? ( beat ) we do not even know they name ... 129 ext . pine view - close on little boy - day 129 his eye wide and fearful . like a kitten 's . 130 ext . rise above pine view - day 130 ponytail ( hold back the tear ) we know they name . the little one 's my brother . his name be billy . a moment of stunne silence . ponytail what Ford do be wrong . but it do not change anything for any of we . do it ? ( continued ) 107 . 130 continued : 130 she look to the other carrier -- it 's write all over they face -- they stand with ponytail and Ford . 131 ext . pine view - day 131 bethlehem look the line - up over . the fire squad stand at the ready . bethlehem look to the tree -- feel something . bethlehem ( to getty ) he 's out there somewhere . watch . I can feel it . briscoe follow he gaze . he do not see anything , but maybe get the same feel . bethlehem look to briscoe . bethlehem you feel it too , do not you ? do not have to end like this , sheriff . he know where I would be if he want to face I like a man . instead , he 's hide like a rabbit . so much for you postman . gibb ready ! aim ! rifles be raise . briscoe seem to grow as he throw he shoulder back and shout ... briscoe ride , postman ! ride ! you hear I ? I say ride ! 132 ext . rise above pine view - day 132 the word echo . nothing the postman can do , but watch . 133 ext . pine view - day 133 bethlehem 's eye go wild -- bethlehem Fire ! the rifle bark . everyone fall dead . 134 ext . rise above pine view - day 134 something in the postman break . he just lie there . the witness move back , take the postman with they . 108 . 135 ext . pine view - day 135 sheriff briscoe lie dead . the letter from he sister blow from he hand . CUT to : 136 int . airstream - night 136 the postman fold a letter , shove it into a envelope . he write " bethlehem " across the front , start to write a second letter . the door open and Abby enter . ABBY Ford think you be go to do something . the postman I be . the postman watch as , outside , the mail carrier begin to assemble . the postman if I do not , that kid be go to keep on get themselves kill . ABBY Ford do not know what it mean to be a kid . he do not have you memory . none of they do . all they have get be the lousy world we give they . and this be the only decent thing in it . the postman what ? be a postman ? it 's all bullshit , Abby . all of it . ( beat ) I take this uniform off a skeleton to stay warm . I make up the rest to stay feed . there be no restore United States . ABBY I know it be something like that . the postman finger the brim of the cap , soften . ( continued ) 109 . 136 continued : 136 the postman weird thing be , be a postman be almost the best thing that ever happen to I ... ( be : red ribbon ) remember this ? you leave it behind that night . ABBY I remember ... the postman I always like to think you leave it on purpose . but maybe you just forget it . Abby do not answer . she leave instead . 137 ext . r.v. camp - night 137 twelve mail carrier , include Ford , ponytail , chubby , luke and Old George , wait as the postman step up before they . Abby 's off to the side . the postman be this everybody ? ford the rest be on the overdue list . the postman this be everybody . ( for all ) get a letter from President starkey . a excited murmur among the carrier . only Ford eye the postman suspiciously . the postman read : the postman ' greeting all carrier . ' carrier greeting , President starkey ! the postman ( read ) ' I have be in contact with the postman . I have receive all the report . I be proud of you all . ' he look at they , do not need to read what 's in he heart . ( continued ) 110 . 137 continued : 137 the postman in dark day , in a weary world , you give everything and ask for nothing . you beat back despair and replace it with hope and for that you country can never repay you . but the price be too high . I will not see anymore of my bravest die . it be my duty to hereby disband the postal service of the restore United States . you be to burn you uniform and the postman be to return to minneapolis at once . thank you and that be all . a hushed silence . the postman walk away . the carrier exchange tired , defeat look . Abby just sigh , know he 's not necessarily wrong . Ford catch up with the postman . he stare at the postman ; the postman stare back . ford ( low ; fierce ) the President never write that letter . the postman if he could have that 's what he would have say . Ford gesture to the second letter . ford who 's the other letter to ? the postman bethlehem . I be take it to he in the morning . ford what do it say ? the postman mail 's private . you know that . ford what do it say ? the postman ( stop ; turn ) it say it 's over . it say we quit . ( continued ) 111 . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 ford it say you quit . what about the oath ? the postman tell I something , Ford . how much mail can a dead postman deliver ? it 's over . the postman start to walk away again . ford then I will take it . the postman I can not trust you . Ford gather courage and confront the postman . ford if this be the end . if this be the last piece of mail that ever get deliver . I will take it . the postman whoever take this letter probably die for it . Ford thrust out he hand . ford I be still a postman . you owe it to I ... I owe it to I . the postman hesitates , study the intense young man . give he the letter . 138 ext . r.v. camp - stable area - day 138 the postman be pack bag onto a horse as Abby approach . the postman I be go to St. Rose , Abby . and I be take you with I . I know you do not want to hear it , but that 's my child inside you . I want to see it bear somewhere safe . I have a right to that , Abby . whether you like it or not . Abby walk away . the postman rest he head on he pack for a moment . heavy . ( continued ) 112 . 138 continued : 138 the click of a gun cause the postman to lift he head and see luke stand there . the postman think I recognize you . luke General bethlehem say ... ( raise the pistol ) ... you should be on you knee when I do it . the postman I do not give a damn what that asshole say . luke the general be a great man . the postman the general be a fuck lunatic . the postman step forward . stop when the barrel of the pistol be right against he own chest . the postman you do not own a think in that goddamn head of yours , do you ? ( a beat ) you want to see a man ? the postman turn to watch as Ford start out of camp . the postman that 's a man . the postman turn , see luke 's face fraught with confusion and emotion . the postman you do not understand , do you ? you never will until you can think for yourself and be willing to pay the price for it . luke stare back into the postman 's eye . a freeze beat . the postman you ready ? ABBY ( o.s. ) yes . ( continued ) 113. 138 continued : ( 2 ) 138 Abby sit on she horse . she 's witness to it all . luke be confuse and ashamed . the postman mount he horse and move to Abby 's side . the postman you be a better man than bethlehem , luke . I have see it . 139 ext . ridge - r.v. camp - day 139 some carrier drop they uniform into a bonfire . the postman and Abby ride up on the ridge above the rv camp . they pause to look back one last time . across the way , on the other side , Ford be do the same thing . as though he sense it , Ford stop and look back . Ford raise he hand , salute . slowly , the postman bring up he own hand . but he do not salute . he wave . good - bye . as Ford turn away , so do the postman . on chubby , ponytail and carrier name drew watch as the postman and Abby disappear from sight . chubby guess minneapolis be that way . 140 ext . interstate - day 140 a sign prohibit pedestrian , horse and bicycle . the postman and Abby ride by . the postman no longer wear he uniform . they gear be pack behind they saddle . as a family of transient begin to rise from where they be campe in the breakdown lane : the postman we can not help you . we be just as lose as you be . the postman ride on . Abby watch over she shoulder as they slowly begin to sit back down . 141 ext . holnist camp - bethlehem tent - dawn 141 bethlehem sit wait at he camp table . behind he , a finish painting . ( continued ) 114 . 141 continued : 141 this time he 's paint himself in the grand rococo-style - - as part of the Holy family with dove and flower and glow ray from Heaven . it 's awful . getty and Gibbs bring in a prisoner . it 's Ford ! bethlehem good lord , what do we have here ? ford I be a representative of the restore United States -- bethlehem backhand Ford . gibb he 's get a letter . say the postman send it . bethlehem a letter ? bethlehem tear open the letter and start to read : bethlehem ' bethlehem . this letter be my testimony to the fact that there be no restore United States and there be no postal service . ' ( laugh ; grim ) then who the hell have we be fight ...? ( read on ) ' my carrier be return home . in exchange , I be ask you to let they be . the postman . ' bethlehem eye Ford with undisguise contempt . bethlehem he expect I to believe this ? luke ( o.s. ) it 's true , sir . I be there . he disband the carrier and ride west . Ford turn blaze eye to luke -- he 's be stand there all along . ford traitor ... it take a moment for the news to sink in . but it do . ( continued ) 115 . 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 bethlehem then I have win . I have win . as the assemble holnist congratulate each other , bethlehem look at luke . bethlehem you be suppose to kill he . luke I could not get close enough . ( be : Ford ) this one 's he second in command . bethlehem look Ford over . bethlehem why do not that surprise I ? Ford stare back . proud . bethlehem look to getty . bethlehem bring out the one we find yesterday . they can die together . a frighten carrier be bring up . he wear a purple uniform with cali sewn on the shoulder . neither we nor Ford have see he before . as a fire squad assemble , Ford be shove over with he . ford who be you ? cal carrier name 's Clark . postal carrier of the restore Republic of California . who be you ? Ford look at he a second , can not help but laugh . from Gibbs ; the shout of " ready ! " ford postmaster Ford lincoln mercury . cali carrier it 's a honor . bethlehem watch as Clark hold out he hand . Ford shake it . " aim ! " bethlehem wait a minute ... wait a minute ! ( continued ) 116 . 141 continued : ( 3 ) 141 gibb Sir ? bethlehem hold you fire ! you do not know each other ? ( to himself , quiet anger building ) this will never be over . it will go on except I will be fight a goddamn ghost . gibb should we fire , sir ? bethlehem no goddamnit . bethlehem crumple the letter , toss it . bethlehem no , I will not fight a ghost . tabula rasa , gentleman . a clean slate . I want all mail carrier hunt down . I want the postman find . I want he deal with . ( to getty ) Colonel , organize the scout . ( to luke ) he ride west ? 142 ext . river - day 142 a pair of boot be walk through the water . it 's the postman . he turn over a body in the water . it wear a homemade postal uniform , a bag of mail twisted around he arm . it 's a young face , one we have not see before . he look up to Abby on a ridge . the postman I do not know he . do you ? ABBY ( shake she head ) where do you think he come from ? puzzle , the postman shake he head . he gently release the body . the current take it and they watch as it continue on its way to postal valhalla . 143 ext . interstate - day 143 the family of transient be grill by three holnist scout . one man point the way Abby and bethlehem ride . 117 . 144 ext . plain - day 144 litter with rubble . the wood , brick , steel and concrete of what be once a small town . amazingly , one gray house still stand , miraculously untouched by whatever disaster visit this place . a wild - haire squatter step out on the porch as Abby and the postman ride by . he wave hello with a .45 . squatter howdy . welcome to sunny California . the postman ( be : the town ) what happen here ? squatter Little accident . the ground start to shake big time and the hanford nuclear plant go ... ( motion a explosion ) ... ' poof . ' destroy everything for mile . but the sunset be beautiful . the postman you ever hear of a city call St. Rose ? squatter friend , I have never hear of St. shit . the squatter laugh and laugh -- like it be the funniest thing in the world . the postman and Abby exchange a look , continue on they way . squatter hey , do not go ! I get Monopoly in the house ! boardwalk , Park place and the reading railroad ! CUT to : 145 ext . edge of rubble - day 145 ponytail , chubby , and draw watch from afar . chubby have the telescope . chubby you think that 's President starkey ? ( continued ) 118. 145 continued : 145 ponytail take the telescope from chubby for a look . ponytail no . chubby what make you so sure ? ponytail President life in a white house . that guy 's place be gray . Drew and chubby exchange a look . that make sense . 146 ext . sky - day 146 a lightning bolt shred the sky . it 's day , but the sky be black with rain . 147 ext . high tension tower - day 147 the useless tower cut across a valley . rain beat down , as the postman and Abby trudge along . up ahead , a rail - road tunnel promise shelter from the storm . the postman ( be : the tunnel ) we can rest in there . Abby be quick to agree . out of the corner of he eye , the postman catch a blur of movement . he turn he head quickly , but he 's barely in time to see a wooden basket , attach to one of the high wire , swing from a distant tower . there 's a sentry inside it . the baskete sentry whistle away at 40 mph , head straight for a adjacent tower . in a matter of second , he 's lose from view . the postman look back at Abby . she 's shiver . the postman do you see that ? ABBY ( shaking she head ) I be hungry , postman . the postman guide she toward the train tunnel . 119 . 148 int . train tunnel - day 148 Abby sleep beside the fire . the postman , silhouett against the flame , head toward the far tunnel exit . 149 ext . far side of tunnel - day 149 the postman peer into the rain , take in the view of a distant bridge . Abby come to stand at he side . 150 ext . columbia river gorge ( bridge CITY ) - day 150 a town settle between span of a steel truss bridge . the Columbia River rush far below . a sentry spot Abby and the postman approach , blow a whistle . guard set the rifle on the ground . the postman this old thing ? it be not even load . where be we ? the bridge CITY mayor , a middle - age retro-hippie , step up . b.c. mayor you be in Bridge City . where we do not allow gun . the postman set down the carbine . the Guard step over to scoop it up . b.c. mayor sentry say you be come . the postman stare at the Mayor a beat . the postman I know you . you be famous . b.c. mayor I be once . not anymore . ( beat ) be you look to cross ? the postman we will be . right now , we would just appreciate some food . ( as the Mayor nod he assent ) I get some kid behind I , too . ( continued ) 120 . 150 continued : 150 b.c. mayor how many ? the postman three. ( as the Mayor agree once more ) hey , guy , come on in ! I know you be out there ! chubby sentry Boy , be he smart ... as they stand , show themselves . 151 ext . NORTH bound lane ( bridge CITY ) - dusk 151 fog roll in . Abby rest . ponytail , chubby and Drew look up gratefully as one of the citizen of Bridge City dole out bread . the Mayor step over , hand the postman two loaf . b.c. mayor for you and you wife . the postman thanks . she 's not my wife . the exchange cut Abby like a knife . she get up and leave . the Mayor keep he council -- not sure what to make of this arrangement . the postman let I ask you something , have you ever hear of a town with electric light ? b.c. mayor St. Rose ? the postman yeah ! b.c. mayor never be . but they say it 's a way down on the coast . the postman how far ? ( continued ) 121. 151 continued : 151 b.c. mayor couple hundred mile at least . I could not say for sure . it 's the discovery of a lifetime . the postman look to the west end of the bridge , where Abby stand alone . the postman you seem like a decent man . and this seem like decent people . b.c. mayor we try to be . the postman and this seem like a safe place . b.c. mayor ( intuitive ) you want to leave she ? the postman look back to the Mayor , then slowly nod . the postman all of they . I will give you the horse and my gear . Abby 's special . she 's strong . probably end up run the place . b.c. mayor why do not you take the night to think . decide if that 's what you really want . 152 ext . bridge - night 152 fog obscure the east end . a sentry squint at the muffled clop of hoove . the mist part to reveal , seventy yard away : three holnist scout on horseback . emissary from hell . as the sentry blow a whistle ... bridge as word spread , folk move down the bridge for a look . eat they bread , the postman , Abby and the carrier join they . ( continued ) 122. 152 continued : 152 east end the Mayor stand across from the lead scout -- confer . finally , the Mayor point he back the way he come . the lead scout do not budge , spot the postman in the crowd . he and the postman seem to stare at each other forever . then , with a flick of the rein , he 's go . the other two follow . swallow up by the misty evening gloom . the postman 's head swim dizzily . it 's not over . the Mayor return to dozen of nervous question . b.c. mayor they be look for the postman . b.c. man no such thing anymore . b.c. mayor man on the horse say there be . say he think he 's here . say he 's come back with friend . a little boy step forward , sing out . b.c. boy what 's a postman ? a silent moment . it 's be so long , no one 's sure how to answer . the postman look down at the ground . the carrier exchange deflate look . then ... ABBY ( step forward ) you never hear of a postman ? he shake he head " no . " seem a shame . as the postman look over at Abby , she take a page from he book . ABBY there use to be a postman for every street in America . they wear uniform . and hat . like this one ... she go to the postman 's gear , return with he postal cap . set it on the boy 's head . b.c. boy wow ... ( continued ) 123. 152 continued : ( 2 ) 152 ABBY my postman know the name of every kid on my street . he know we birthdays . he would even find the baseball you would hit down the street . I can still see the smile on he face . the tip of he cap -- when he have a letter in he bag with my name on it . mine always come just after school . you could set you watch by he . unless you be wait on something special -- like a present from somewhere far away or a letter from you sweetheart . then it seem like he would never come . I use to think they could make time stand still . several other listener nod -- they be completely with she . ABBY I do not think we ever really understand what they mean to we until they be go . get a letter make you feel like you be part of something bigger than yourself . no place be ever too far away for the postman . so nobody ever have to be alone . the postman be someone you could count on . thing just make more sense when they be around . ( beat ) that 's the kind of world we use to have . a world a lot of we take for grant . and now we have get this one . and it make I wonder -- what kind of world do I want my child to live in ? I want my child to live in a world where hope and dream be not just lie you tell yourself to get through another day . I want my child , and I want my friend -- I want all of we to live in a world where you still get you mail . it 's a moment before anyone speak . b.c. mayor ( to the postman ) be you the postman ? ( continued ) 124 . 152 continued : ( 3 ) 152 the postman take the cap off the little boy 's head , touch the emblem , and answer . the postman yes . b.c. mayor I have hear of you , man . you be famous . the postman yeah , I guess I be . and all of a sudden , I be not wear the right clothes . and as he put on he cap , he accept the mantle as well . 153 ext . bridge - close on pine BOX - morning 153 lower from the top of the bridge . hand reach up to steady it and bring it gently to the ground . it 's one of many . the postman and Abby gasp as the Mayor open the lid to reveal : 20 well - oile rifle and 15 pistol with ammo . the postman blink over at the Mayor . b.c. mayor fact that we do not allow them do not mean we do not have them . we be not stupid , after all . the postman I be sorry I have bring this on you . b.c. mayor no need to be sorry . Long as we get we mail on time . ponytail ( o.s. ) ready for duty , sir . the postman look over to see ponytail , Drew and chubby ride up . like he , they be back in uniform . the postman the order be to burn all uniform . the carrier look away -- sheepish . ( continued ) 125 . 153 continued : 153 the postman you know what to do then ? ponytail talk to the people . Gather who 's willing . tell they it 's important . tell they we can make a difference . chubby sentry and tell them we be go to kick ass . the postman yeah , tell they that , too . 154 ext . near bridge - day 154 at the edge of the gorge . the three carrier , and the mount local thunder off the bridge and down the road . High above ... 155 ext . high tension tower - postman and ABBY 155 the Mayor be in the b.g. help one of the sentries prepare the basket for travel . ABBY this be hard for I . ( beat ) Michael be the best man I ever know . I never think there would be another man I could love the way I love he . ( search for the word ) I do not know why I have be so bless . and I have try to find a way to be thankful , but I swear , if I lose you ... her eye start to tear and he take she in he arm . the postman Abby , do you think a lie can become the truth ? ABBY I do not know , but I believe in you . you have a gift , postman . I see it back in pine View . ( more ) ( continued ) 126 . 155 continued : 155 ABBY ( cont 'd ) you make Mrs. March feel like she could see again . you make Ford feel like he be part of the world . you give out hope like it be candy in you pocket . he start to speak . she stop he , take he hand . ABBY when you come back , we will be wait here for you . so you can take we to St. Rose . the postman let go of she hand and start for the basket . the Mayor gesture to the line of tower extend into the distance . b.c. mayor there 's three good-size town up that way . enough folk to be a big help to you . if you can convince they to come . as the postman step into the basket , he make the mistake of look over the edge . it 's a long , long way down . b.c. mayor a lot higher than it look , huh ? the postman look at the contraption with more than a little trepidation . the Mayor grin . b.c. mayor do not tell anybody , but I like to ride the damn thing just for the hell of it . be a city official have its perk . he wink and as he reach for the release pin . the postman 's hand meet he there . b.c. mayor trust I , man . this will get you there a lot faster . the postman how do I stop -- but it 's too late . the Mayor release the pin . ( continued ) 127 . 155 continued : ( 2 ) 155 b.c. mayor do not worry about it . good luck and godspeed . counterweight plummete into the Columbia River gorge . the Mayor let out a rebel yell . basket the postman be whipped along , past the rider below . the speed exhilate . 156 ext . pine view , oregon - day 156 the town 's go , but the palisade remain . chubby ride along it , exhort the people who watch from above . but it 's the postman we hear , all the magic back in he voice . the postman ( v.o. ) once more into the breach , dear friend , once more . or close the wall with we dead . in peace nothing so become a man as modesty and humility . but when the blast of war blow in we ear , then imitate the action of the tiger . 157 ext . elvis , oregon - night 157 a few makeshift structure be back up . carry a torch , ponytail gallop hard into town . people wake , include Mrs. March 's daughter . as ponytail speak to they ... the postman ( v.o. ) summon up the blood . disguise fair nature with rage and lend the eye a terrible aspect . 158 ext . field - day 158 capture by a holnist cavalry patrol , Old George and four other carrier be line up , hand bound before they . holnist soldier force they to they knee as Gibbs organize a impromptu fire squad . ( continued ) 128. 158 continued : 158 Old George look down the line . the carrier be about to break down . old GEORGE steady , boy , steady . and as Gibbs step up , all hope be go . gibb in accordance with Law eight ... old GEORGE get on with it , you floppy - ear sonuvabitch ! we see the face of the young carrier . defeat , bitter . but there 's a sudden spark in Old George 's eye . he start to rise . the soldier pick up they gun and that 's when they see the postman . the postman Riding over the crest . galloping toward they . behind he , forty new mail carrier . all riding like mad . one of they carry the flag of the restore United States . Gibbs and he man run for they horse . shot be fire . four holnist go down . the rest gallop away . the postman and he carrier meet . 159 ext . crossroad - day 159 converge . the postman with he forty - five come from the west . Drew , chubby , and a ragtag thirty come from the north . and from the south , ponytail lead a contingent of fifty ! the force converge and continue east . 160 ext . holnist camp - day 160 the army have gather . Three hundred strong . bethlehem and getty stand outside the command tent , listen to a wind , frighten Gibbs . we follow bethlehem 's eye over Gibbs ' shoulder to the horizon , where he see : the postman and he army of two hundred carrier crest a distant rise . ( continued ) 129 . 160 continued : 160 gibb ( o.s. ) ... we be outnumber , sir . bethlehem how many ? gibb a least a hundred . with gun . bethlehem ( feign shock ) with gun ? be you sure ? gibb yes , sir ... bethlehem look more like two hundred to I ... he step away to get a better vantage point of the approach army . he reach out -- getty hand he a pair of binocular . bethlehem ( don a pair of leather glove ) only thing worse than a coward be one who can not count . Lieutenant , do yourself a favor . die well in this battle . in my army a deserter 's life be a brief and unpleasant one . bethlehem watch the postman through the binocular -- a hint of a smile on he face . bethlehem ( to himself ) at last , someone with courage enough to bring the fight to I . a holnist soldier stand by with bethlehem 's horse . the General mount -- the model of military calm and precision . getty rein up beside he . bethlehem reckoning , gentleman . this be the day I have dream of . 161 ext . battlefield - day 161 a sea of wildflower separate the carrier from the holnist . the monster John deere gun be ready for battle . 130 . 162 ext . holnist line - day 162 bethlehem stand with getty , scan the postal line with he binocular . the carrier look , just spoil for a fight . bethlehem lower he binocular , smile grimly . bethlehem they be a eager- look bunch . morale 's a dangerous thing . ( to getty ) bring he up . I want this postman to see how the game be play . 163 ext . carrier ' line - day 163 the postman , chubby , ponytail and Old George and all the carrier have take position . the postman sight through a telescope . he scan further down the line -- then stop when he see Ford . bloody , beat within inch of he life . he 's shackle -- surround by holnist guard . the postman 's eye turn to stone . the postman ( to carrier ) stay here . no one move until I give the order . he click he horse forward , toward the holnist line . 164 ext . holnist line - day 164 bethlehem , flanke by getty and the holnist sergeant , watch as the postman make he approach . he reach into he pocket , withdraw a white kerchief and hold it in the air . sergeant be they surrender ? bethlehem God , I hope not . he watch for a moment as the postman cross the field - - move well within range of holnist fire . then , he coax he horse forward . 131 . 165 ext . meadow - day 165 bethlehem and the postman riding toward each other . they meet when the postman be almost three - quarter of the way over to the holnist ' side . bethlehem and postman as they come face - to-face . bethlehem my little shipping clerk . the postman we be both a couple of fraud . you know it ; I know it . bethlehem sneer . bethlehem great man be make by other great man . patton have rommel . grant have Lee . but I get you . the postman you be no fuck general . you be a copying machine salesman . you be not even a good painter . bethlehem be you try to goad I into a fight ? the postman would not it be great if war could be fight just by the asshole who start they ? we could settle this thing right here . you and I . bethlehem unfortunately , it do not work that way . the postman it do in you army . the postman kick he horse up into a gallop , and ride up the holnist line . no one , least of all bethlehem , be sure what 's go on . the postman I invoke law seven of the law of eight ! any man may challenge for leadership of the clan ! ( continued ) 132 . 165 continued : 165 bethlehem what ? the postman wheel he horse around . the postman I challenge you . bethlehem be catch completely by surprise , but recover . bethlehem you be not a holnist . you be not a member of the clan . you do not have the right . the postman roll up he sleeve . he ride the holnist line display he brand for all to see . the holnist murmur amongst themselves . the postman I have every right . I invoke law seven ! bethlehem can not believe he eye . the postman I challenge for leadership of the clan ! the seed of doubt be plant . be bethlehem violate one of the law of eight ? the man look at one another . Gibbs look to getty . bethlehem look from the postman 's tattoo to he face . bethlehem where do I know you from ? the postman ' Cry havoc ! and let slip the dog of war . ' remember that ? bethlehem Shakespeare . the one who do not want to fight . the postman I should have find a way to kill you then . but you seem so strong . bethlehem Law seven it be . ( to all ) this war be settle here ! ( continued ) 133. 165 continued : ( 2 ) 165 as the postman nod in agreement . they take they position -- and without a word -- they kick they horse into a charge . come straight for each other like medieval jouster . bethlehem reach for he sword . but before it clear the scabbard , the postman lunge . the horse collide . bethlehem and the postman hit the ground hard . holnist and carrier alike begin to move forward for a better look . the fight be fierce . bloody . the postman and bethlehem be at each other like coiled snake . it 's more of a fight than any of the holnist -- especially getty -- expect . the spectator pull in tighter . both combatant have take a beat -- and still , they fight on -- trading bloody , raw - knuckle punch . one of bethlehem 's connect . the postman lose he foot , hit the ground -- knock he head on a rock with a resounding crack . daze , he 's slow to rise . it 's just the moment bethlehem need , he straddle the fall postman , reach for he knife with one hand -- grab the postman 's throat with the other . bethlehem I study people . I know you problem . do you know why you can not fight ? the postman can not answer . bethlehem you have nothing to fight for . you do not care about anything . you do not value anything . you do not believe in anything . that 's what make I better . the postman grab bethlehem 's knife-hand -- use all he remain strength to keep he at bay . the postman ( barely audible ) I believe in the United States postal service . ( continued ) 134 . 165 continued : ( 3 ) 165 the postman let go of bethlehem 's hand , grab he belt and pull he over . as they roll to they foot , the postman club-fist bethlehem on the side of the head . the postman neither snow ... ( wham ! ) nor rain ... ( wham ! ) nor heat ... ( wham ! ) nor gloom of night ... ( wham ! ) will stay this courier from the swift completion of he appoint round ... bethlehem reel , stumbling back . the postman pounce on top of he , begin to strangle he . bethlehem try to pry the finger from he throat , but can not . he 's go to die . the postman be urge on . by both side . holnist . carrier . ford. even holnist luke . he look up at the face -- and finally let bethlehem go . the General gasp for breath . as ponytail and chubby move forward to untie Ford , the postman look to both side . the postman it do not have to be this way . we do not have to kill each other . we can live together . we can -- Ford take chubby 's pistol , set it against the side of bethlehem 's head . ford Law three . mercy be for the weak . the postman Ford , do not ... bethlehem shake he head -- do not want he to , either . ford Law eight . there be only one penalty and that penalty be death . Ford 's go to shoot . ( continued ) 135 . 165 continued : ( 4 ) 165 the postman he be not worth it . I be the head of the clan now ! there be go to be new law ! ( to all ) Law one ! no more kill ! there 's go to be peace ! the postman look at carrier and holnist alike . the postman who else ? who else have a law ? woman everyone have to learn how to read . the postman that 's law two . who else ?! carrier # 1 Three . Liberty and justice for all ! luke four . no more tattoo . carrier # 2 Law five . give peace a chance ! holnist soldier # 2 Law six . mercy be , it 's okay sometimes ! carrier # 3 Seven ! bring back vacation ! the postman nod solemnly , look to Ford . the postman how about it , Ford lincoln mercury ? you give we law eight . Ford grit he tooth . the postman ( close -- for Ford ) be a leader , Ford . ford Law eight ... Ford fire ! bethlehem flinch , then sag as he realize Ford have fire into the ground . ( continued ) 136 . 165 continued : ( 5 ) 165 ford ... live and let live . the postman smile in relief as Ford lower the revolver and start to hand the weapon over . forgotten for a instant , bethlehem make a last , wild lunge , grab Ford 's gun . as bethlehem aim at the postman , a shot ring out . hit in the chest , bethlehem blink in amazement before he fall to the ground , die . getty have shot he . bethlehem would I have bestow that time in the tongue that I have in fencing , dance and bear-bait . oh , have I but follow the art ... he die . the postman grow like savage -- as soldier will -- that nothing do but mediate on blood . getty throw he rifle on the ground . other weapon be laid down . the war , at long last , be over . the postman somebody take a letter . chubby huh ? the postman a letter ... dissolve to : 166 int . abby' place ( bridge CITY ) - day 166 Abby , in bed , hold she new baby in she arm . she 's read a letter . what she read make she smile . she put the letter down and cuddle she baby . ABBY you daddy write to tell you that he will be here as soon as he can . and that he love you very much . Abby look up to see the postman stand at she door . she look at he , smile with tear in she eye . ( continued ) 137 . 166 continued : 166 the postman mail 's slow . I will have to see about that . Abby smile down at the child in she arm . ABBY you daughter . her name be hope . the postman take the tiny child in he arm . woman ( v.o. ) and so my father return home after the holnist be defeat ... 167 ext . ST . rose - day 167 a beach town . no wall , no sentries , just cottage lining a dozen sand - sweep street . a crowd have gather to hear the postman 's daughter , hope , mid-thirty , speak . beside she , a bearded , 52 - year - old Ford in he postmaster 's uniform . they stand before a large , tarp - drape statue . hope but he never do see St. Rose . there be too much to be do . he would make a promise and in keep it -- he trade one dream for another . with no regret . and so , in honor of my father ... she unveil the statue : we have see this before . it 's the postman on he horse , low -slung in the saddle , lean down to pluck the letter from the Little Boy 's hand . there 's a older man in the audience who seem especially move by the statue . there 's a young man beside he . older man that be I . as St. Rose applaud ... fade out . the end