the sound of Music " the sound of musc " act I scene 1 - the nonnburg ABBY austria pre world war ii . 1936 nun in black smock and habit walk calmly across stage . a morning hymn be play nun in habit walk around with they head bow . the reverend mother walk with sister berthe , sister Francis , sister bernice & sister margarite . sister francis / sister bertha / sister bernice / margarite reverend mother ? reverend mother sister . they all bow they head . sister bernice & sister margarite oh reverend mother , we simply cannot find Maria . sister francis she be miss ... again . sister berthe perhaps we should put a cow bell around she neck . sister sophia / sister catherine / agatha now , now sister berthe . sister francis / sister bernice / sister maragrite / we simply can not find she . reverend mother have you try the barn . you know how much she adore the animal . sister bernice we have look everywhere . in all the usual place . reverend mother sister , consider it 's Maria , I suggest you look in unusual place . " the sound of musc " sister berthe I hope this new infraction end whatever doubt you may still have about Maria 's future here at the Abby . reverend mother I always try to keep faith in my doubt . sister sophia after all , the wool of a black sheep be just as warm . sister berthe we be not talk about sheep , we be talk about candidate for the novitiate . sister agatha I see you point . sister catherine of all the candidate , Maria be the least ... reverend mother Children , child . please ! let we all take a deep breath . all sister take a deep breath . reverend mother ( cont would ) now , what do we really think of we child Maria ? sister theresa ( smile ) she 's a wonderful girl ... ( frown ) some of the time . sister augustine ( smile ) it 's very easy to like Maria , ( frown ) except when it 's difficult . reverend mother sister ? sister isabella & sister evelyn oh , we love she dearly but she do seem to get in trouble a lot . sister berthe that 's what I say ! for a minute I be think this be a cou ! '' song '' " the sound of musc " reverend mother she climb a tree and scrape her knee her dress have got a tear , she walty on her way to Mass and whistle on the stair , and underneath her wimple she have curler in her hair , I 've even heard her singing lo the abbey all sister she' always late for chapel but her penitence be real , she' always late for everything except for every meal , I hate to have to say it but I very firmly feel maria be not a asset to the abbey sister catherine i'd like to say a word in her behalf say it , maria make I laugh all sister how do you solve a problem like maria ? how do you catch a cloud and pin it down ? how do you find a word that means maria ? a flibbertigibbet -a will -o '- the - wisp -a clown many a thing you know you'd like to tell her many a thing she ought to understand but how do you make her stay and listen to all you say ? how do you keep a wave upon the sand ? how do you solve a problem like maria ? how do you hold a moonbeam ... ..- in you hand ? when i'm with her i'm confuse out of focus and bemused and I never know exactly where I am - unpredictable as weather - she' as flighty as a feather - she' a darling - S sister francis & sister bernice he's a meante ! sister agatha she' a lamb she'll out pester any pest drive a hornet from its nest she can throw a whirling dervish out of whirl - she be gentle , she be wild - she' a riddle , she' a child - sister berthe she' a headache ! sister isabella & evelyn she' a angel " the sound of musc " reverend mother she' a girl all sister how do you solve a problem like maria ? how do you catch a cloud and pin it down ? how do you find a word that means maria ? -a flibbertigibbet -a will -o '- the - wisp a clown many a thing you know you'd like to tell her many a thing she ought to understand - but how do you make her stay - and listen to all you say ? how do you keep a wave upon the sand ? how do you solve a problem like maria ? enter Maria in a huff . she try to find she spot in the line up the just stand on the end of the group . all sister ( cont would ) how do you hold a moonbeam in you hand . song end reverend mother come along everyone . I must speak with Maria all sister yes , reverend mother all sister exit . maria reverend mother I be sorry . I could not help myself . the hill be call and before I know it I be sing . reverend mother only in the abbey do we have rule about postulant sing . maria I know but I can not seem to stop myself . I want to sing all the time . I can not stop , wherever I be . even worse , I can not stop say thing thing I be think or feel . reverend mother some might call that honesty . maria oh , but it 's terrible , reverend mother ! " the sound of musc " reverend mother Maria , ( big sigh ) . it seem that you will be leave we for a while . maria no , mother ! please do not send I away ! this be where I belong . it 's my home , my family . it 's my life reverend mother give Maria a sympathetic look . Maria cave . maria ( cont would ) if it be God 's will . reverend mother there be a family near salzburg that need a governess until September for seven child . maria seven child . reverend mother do you like Children Maria ? maria why yes , but seven ? reverend mother I will tell Captain von trapp to expect you tomorrow . maria Captain ? reverend mother a retire officer of the lmperial navy . his wife die , and he be alone with the child . I understand he have have a difficult time keep a governess there . maria ( big sigh ) thank you for give I this opportunity . reverend mother I be sure you will make we proud . maria ( Big smile ) I promise to . " the sound of musc " Maria kneel before reverend mother who put she hand on she head . curtain close scene 2 : go to the mansion ( in front of curtain ) Maria step forward . '' I have confidence begin . two nun assister she in change from she old clothes to she new clothes while she sing . track maria ( cont would ) maria : what will this day be like ? I wonder . what will my future be ? I wonder . it could be so exciting , to be out in the world , to be free ! my heart should be wildly rejoicing . oh , what' the matter with I ? i've always longed for adventure , to do the thing I 've never dare . now here i'm pacing adventure then why am I so scare ? ( song pause . spoken ) I ’m not . i’m confident . I am confident ! so , let they bring on all there problem i'll do better than my best . I have confidence they will put I to the test ! but i'll make they see I have confidence in I . somehow I will impress they . I will be firm , but kind . and all that child , heaven bless they they will look up to I and mind I ! with each step I am more certain , everything will turn out fine . I have confidence , the world can all be mine ! they will have to agree I have confidence in I . song end ! Maria exit with smile . curtain open " the sound of musc " scene 3 - meeting the von trap there be a knock at the door . a fraulein schmitt walk off stage to open the door . Maria rush in with a smile . maria ( cont would ) hello , here I be . fraulein schmitt I see that . maria I be the new governess , how do you do ? Maria take the fraulein schmitt hand and shake it vigorously . the fraulein schmitt pull she hand away with a sour look . fraulein schmitt and I be faulien schmitt , the old maid . fraulein franz I be fraulein franz , the housekeeper . fraulein helga I be fraulein helga , the captain secretary . maria oh my . ( smile & stick out she hand to shake they hand ) how do you do . fraulein franza & helga stare at she hand without shaking it . fraulein franz please wait here with fraulein schmiit . fraulein helga let 's see how long this one last . they exit . enter Captain von trap . captain von trapp thank you fraulein schmitt , you excuse . fraulein schmitt of course Captain . captain von trapp good afternoon fraulein Maria . " the sound of musc " captain von trapp ( cont have ) good afternoon fraulein Maria . maria good afternoon ... Captain . ( she stare at he ) captain von trapp why do you stare at I like that ? maria you do not look at all like a sea captain sir . captain von trapp well you do not look at all like a governess . ( look at the dress ) I do not like that dress , you will have to change . maria I do not have any other dress , when we enter the Abby , all of we worldly possession be give to the poor . captain von trapp what about that dress . maria they do not want this one . I would have make another dress , it 's just there be not enough time ... ( proudly ) I can make my own clothes ! captain von trapp I will see that I get you some material . I do not know what the Abby tell you but I trust you will be a improvement on the last governess . she stay only two hour . the Captain begin to blow a whistle . loud thunderous noise begin as the child march enter the room . the Captain begin to blow a whistle . loud thunderous noise begin as the child march enter the room . captain von trapp ( cont have ) Children , this you new governess , fraulein Maria . the child look at she disapprovingly . " the sound of musc " captain von trapp ( cont have ) give you name at you signal . fraulein , listen carefully . learn they signal so you can call they . liesl liesl . friedrick friedrick . louisa louisa . kurt kurt . brigitta brigitta . marta marta . at the sound for gretle . she march forward and forget to say she name . captain von trapp that 's gretle . now , when I want you , this be what you will hear ... maria oh , no , sir . I be sorry , sir ! I could never answer to a whistle . whistles be for animal , not for child . and definitely not for I . captain von trapp fraulein , be you this much trouble at the abbey ? maria oh much more sir . the Captain turn to exit . maria ( cont would ) Excuse I Captain , I do not know you signal . captain von trapp you may call I .... Captain . the Captain exit . the child snicker / laugh . the child be still stand at attention . " the sound of musc " 10 . maria at ease . now that there 's just we , would you please tell I all you name again and how old you be . liesl I be liesl , I be 16 year old and I do not need a governess . maria I be glad you tell I , liesl . we will just be good friend freidrick I be friedrich I be 14 year old and I be impossible . maria really , who tell you that freidrick ? freidrick fraulein josephine . four governess ago . louisa I be brigitta . maria you do not tell I how old you be louisa . brigitta I be brigitta , ( point to louisa ) , she 's louisa , she 's 12 year old and I be 10 and that be the ugliest dress I have ever see . kurt brigitta , you should not say that ! brigitta why not ? do not you think so ? kurt why yes , but fraulein helga 's be ugliest . I be kurt . I be incorrigible . maria congratulation . kurt what 's incorrigible ? maria I think it mean you want to be treat like a boy . " the sound of musc " 11 . marta I be marta , and I be go to be 8 on Tuesday . I would like a pink parasol . maria pink my favorite color too . gretle stamp she foot . maria ( cont would ) yes , you be gretle . gretle hold up five finger maria ( cont would ) and you be five year old ? my , you be practically a lady . I have to tell you a secret . I have never be a governess . all child you do not know anything about be a governess ? maria nothing . I will need lot of advice . louisa the best way to start be to tell Father to mind he own business . brigitta and always be late to dinner . kurt and make sure you slurp you soup real loudly like this ( pretend to slurp ) friedrick during dessert , always blow you nose ( pretend to blow he nose ) gretle do not you believe a word they say , fraulein Maria ! maria why not ? gretle because I like you . marta I like you too Maria . " the sound of musc " 12 . brigitta go to Maria 's guitar case . brigitta what 's in here ? maria my guitar , so we can all sing together . marta we do not sing . maria of course you sing . everbody sing . kurt we do not know any song . maria well , then I will teach you . come over here . the kid sit around the couch with Maria center . maria ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) let' start at the very beginning a very good place to start when you read you begin with , gretle & marta ABC maria when you sing you begin with do-re -MI all child do-re -MI maria the first three note just happen to be , do - re - MI all child do re MI maria do re MI fa SOL LA TI let' see if I can make it easier do - a deer a female deer re - a drop of golden SUN MI - a name I call myself fa - a long long way to run SOL - a needle pulling thread LA - a note to follow so TI - a drink with jam and bread ( more ) " the sound of musc " 13 . maria ( cont would ) that will bring US back to do oh oh oh maria and child do - a deer a female deer re - a drop of golden SUN MI - a name I call myself fa - a long long way to run SOL - a needle pulling thread LA - a note to follow so TI - a drink with jam and bread that will bring US back to do all child a deer a female deer re - a drop of golden SUN MI - a name I call myself fa - a long long way to run maria and child SOL - a needle pulling thread LA - a note to follow so TI - a drink with jam and bread that will bring US back to do maria do re MI fa SOL LA TI do SOL do ! louisa & fredrick be that what you call a song ? maria now , that be the tool you use to build a song . now that you know the tune , you can sing million different tune , by mixing they up . ( singing ) SOL do LA fa MI do re can you do that ? all child SOL do LA fa MI do re maria SOL do LA TI do re do child SOL do LA TI do re do maria and child now let' put it all together SOL do LA fa MI do re SOL do LA TI do re do maria good ! " the sound of musc " 14 . gretle but it doesn't mean anything ... maria so we put in word , one word for ev 'ry note , like this : when you know the note to sing you can sing most anything . together ! maria and child : when you know the note to sing you can sing most anything do - a deer a female deer re - a drop of golden SUN MI - a name I call myself fa - a long long way to run SOL - a needle pulling thread LA - a note to follow so TI - a drink with jam and bread that will bring US back to do ! song end . the kid and maria laugh together . frau schmitt , helga , frau franz enter . fraulein helga I think I hear sing in here . fraulein schmitt you need to turn up that hearing aid . fraulein franz ( smile ) okay , Children , outside for you walk . Father 's order . hurry up now . all childd yes , fraulien franz , fraulien helga . maria poor dear . ( put hand in pocket ) ahhhh ! Maria scream as she pull a frog from she pocket . the child all laugh . fraulein helga now now child , we be breathe deeply . March 2 , 3 , 4 .... the child exit march with schmitt & helga . " the sound of musc " 15 . fraulein franz I will show you to you room . follow I . you know you be very lucky , the last governess receive a snake . Maria and frau schmitt exit . curtain close scene 4 a telegram from rolf ( front of curtain ) rolf stand center throw rock at a window ( 4th wall ) fraulein franz ( cont would ) ah , rolf , good evening . rolf good evening fraulein franz . fraulein franz be there any development . rolf perhaps , be the Captain home ? fraulein franz yes . he be about to retire for the night . rolf please give he this telegram at once . fraulein franz certainly . frau franz exit . rolf linger back . he look up to the audience ( liesl 's window ) . he try to get she attention by throw a rock . rolf psst . liesl . liesl . liesl rolf ! rolf why hello , I come by to deliver a telegram . be you suppose to be to bed by now . liesl well , yes , but do not tell . I have miss you , have you miss I ? " the sound of musc " 16 . rolf why yes , I even think of send you a telegram so I could deliver it to you . liesl oh rolf . oh , that 's a lovely think ! why do not you , right now ? I will start it for you . " dear liesl . ... rolf " dear liesl : I would like to be able to tell you . . - . . .how I feel about you . stop . unfortunately , this wire be already too expensive . sincerely , rolf . " liesl sincerely ? rolf cordially ? liesl cordially ? rolf affectionately ? liesl ( she smile ) if only we do not have to wait for someone to send Father a telegram . how do I know when I will see you again ? rolf I could come by here with a telegram from Colonel schneider ! he 's here from Berlin ... I have say too much , I be worried about you father . liesl you do not have to worry about he , he 's a big naval hero . he be even decorate by the emperor . rolf well then I worry about he daughter , you be soo .. liesl what ? rolf well , you be a baby ! '' sixteen go on seventeen '' song " the sound of musc " 17 . rolf ( cont would ) you wait , little girl , on a empty stage for fate to turn the light on . you 're life little girl be a empty page that men will want to write on liesl to write on .... rolf you be 16 go on 17 , baby it 's time to think . better beware , be canny and carefree . baby , you 're on the brink . you be 16 go on 17 fellow will fall in line . eager young lad and roue and cad will offer you food and wine timid and shy and scare be you of thinkg beyond you ken . you need someone older and wiser telling you what to do . I am 17 go on 18 , i'll take care of you . liesl I am sixteen go on seventeen I know that i'm naive fellow I meet may tell I i'm sweet and willingly I believe I am sixteen go on seventeen innocent as a rose bachelor dandy drinker of brandies what do I know of that ? totally unprepared am I to face a world of men timid and shy and scare am I of thing beyond my ken I need someone older and wiser telling I what to do . you be seventeen go on eighteen , I all depend on you . off stage we here people argue . fraulein schmitt who 's out there . rolf run off stage he run back on and give liesl a big hug . she be so excited . enter franz , shmitt & helga '' discuss '' fraulein helga I be tell you , there be someone out here . fraulein franz you old bat , you be hearing thing again . fraulein schmitt what on heaven 's earth be you do out here in this storm . you could catch a cold . " the sound of musc " 18 . Maria enter . she see that liesl have be catch and try to help she . fraulein helga I told you ! I know I be not crazy ! fraulein franz oh , I would not go that far . fraulein schmitt I have a good mind to tell you father . what be you do out here child ? liesl ( stammer ) well , I ... I be .... maria she be fetching I some ... flower . no luck liesl ? liesl ah no . maria well , then I 'il just have to sleep with that musty smell in the room . fraulein helga there be nothing wrong with the smell in you room . fraulein schmitt well , get in there child , before you catch a cold . there 's a storm come . fraulein helga I will be up in a bit with some mothball . fraulein franz mothball ! now that 's show you age . servant exit discuss mothball . liesl you be not go to tell father be you ? Maria wait a moment before she speak . she take a deep breath . maria if we hurry , we can get you out of that clothes and into you pajamas before he notice . " the sound of musc " 19 . Maria hold out she hand to leisl who take it . they walk to maria 's room . Maria hand she a gown . leisel exit to bathroom to change . curtain open scene 5 maria 's room & the STORM Maria be in she room in she nightgown . it be thunder out . she be stand over she bed stare uncertain . she quickly uncover the bed to reveal no snake . a big sigh of relief . servant 's enter with mothball . fraulein schmitt I do not smell anything do you ? fraulein franz nothing at all . fraulein helga now who 's crazy . smell thing , ha . maria I open the window . fraulein franz well , here be you new material , Captain have it send in from town . maria oh how lovely . do you think the captain would get I some more material . fraulein schmitt ( snooty ) how many dress do a governess need . maria no , not for I . for the child . I want to make they some play clothes . fraulein franz the von trapp child do not play , they march . maria surely you do not approve of that ? " the sound of musc " 20 . fraulein schmitt ever since the captain lose he poor wife . . .- . .he run this house as if he be on one of he ship again . fraulein helga whistles , order . fraulein franz no more music , no more laugh . nothing that remind he of she . even the child . maria but that 's wrong . there be a awkward silence . fraulein franz how do you like you room ? they 's 1ll be new drape in the morning . maria New drape . but this be fine . fraulein schmitt good night now . the captain be go away to visit the baroness . I think he ’1ll be marry by the end of the summer . maria oh that 's wonderful . the child will have a new mother . all servant ( the look at each other & smile ) yes , I guess . servant exit . leisl enter in fresh pajamas liesl I want to say good night and ... thank you . maria that 's not necessary . just as a big hit of thunder clap , gretle come run in . maria ( cont would ) gretle ? be you scared ? she shake she head no . " the sound of musc " 21 . maria ( cont would ) you just stay right here with I . but where be the other ? gretle they be asleep , they be not scared . another clap of thunder bring brigitta , louisa and marta run in . maria oh really , look . ( beat ) alright everyone up here on the bed . brigitta really ? maria well , just this once . now we will just wait for the boy . the girl all hop on the bed . marta you will not see they . boy be brave . Frederick & kurt come run in . maria you be not scared be you ? friedrick not at all . we just want to make sure you be not scared . it be kurt 's idea . kurt what ! another clap of thunder and they all scream . gretle why do the thunder get so mean , it make I want to cry . marta I too . maria whenever I be feel unhappy , I just try to think of nice thing . liesl what kind of thing ? " the sound of musc " 22 . maria well let 's see . song begins '' favorite thing '' maria ( cont would ) raindrop on rose and whisker on kitten bright copper kettle and warm woolen mitten brown paper package tied up with string these be a few of my favorite thing cream colored ponie and crisp apple strudel door bell and sleigh bell and schnitzel with noodles wild geese that fly with the moon on there wing these be a few of my favorite thing girl in white dress with blue satin sashes snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes silver white winter that melt into spring these be a few of my favorite thing when the dog bite when the bee sting when i'm feeling sad I simply remember my favorite thing and then I don't feel so bad . all child & maria raindrop on rose and whisker on kitten bright copper kettle and warm woolen mitten brown paper package tied up with string these be a few of my favorite thing cream colored ponie and crisp apple strudel door bell and sleigh bell and schnitzel with noodles wild geese that fly with the moon on there wing these be a few of my favorite thing girl in white dress with blue satin sashes snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes silver white winter that melt into spring these be a few of my favorite thing when the dog bite . when the bee sting when i'm feeling sad I simply remember my favorite thing and then I don't feel so bad . song end Captain von trapp enter . captain von trapp what be go on in here ! the child run into they formation . captain von trapp ( cont have ) I tell you strict bedtime . do you or do you not have difficulty follow instruction ? " the sound of musc " 23 . maria only during thunderstorm . come along child , you hear you father . go to bed . the child scurry off to bed , liesl stay behind . liesl earlier I tell you I do not need a governess , well maybe I do . ( she hug Maria ) captain von trapp ( clear he throat ) fraulein , you have manage to remember that I be go out of town for two month , first thing in the morning . maria yes , sir . I be wonder if I could get some more material , to make play clothes for the child . captain von trapp I will not have my child traipsing around town in rag . maria but they be child ! captain von trapp and I be they father . that will be all . good night . the Captain exit . Maria be upset . then something catch she eye and she smile . maria the drape ! scene 5 a ~ von trapp hallway ( front of curtain ) gretl , marta , kurt ( a ) & friesle quietly walk scared though the hallway . Thunder strike ! marta & kurt run scream . gretle feel behind she for they realize they leave and scream herself halga step forward in a nightie . helga who 's out there ! maybe I be crazy ? suddenly she begin to dance and dance offstage sing do re I . she stop herself . " the sound of musc " 24 . helga ( cont would ) man , it 's catchy ! she exit . Light dim to next scene scene 5 B - back at the ABBY 2 month later ( front curtain ) several nun meet center stage quietly discuss Maria . sister agatha well it 's be two month since Maria leave the Abby . sister sophia I can not believe she 's last that long . it 's truly a miracle . sister theresa I agree . know Maria and all that mischief she seem to get into . sister augustine and seven child ! I do not even have seven friend ! sister evelyn oh sister Augustine , you have a many sister who be also you friend . all the sister agree with a friendly nod and murmur . sister catherine I for one miss Maria & I be not ashamed to say it . sister isabella . I too ! come sister , do not you all miss Maria ? two month , with no sing ! after a moment , they all start to murmur in agreement slowly get more and more emotional . they all begin to cry . sister agatha I miss maria ! reverend mother appear concerned . reverend mother sister ! what seem to be the fuss ? now move along now . go ahead now . " the sound of musc " 25 . the sister collect themselves and quietly make they way off stage . scene 6 - the von trapp house terrace several maid and servant be busy prepare the house for Captain von trapps return . one of the maid , bernice , step forward look around . she usher for all to come center of the room . bernice I can not wait to see the new lady friend ! francis I hear she be a baroness ! margarite what 's a baroness ? bertha and that 's why you be still a may . margarite I be just ask . revy ( reverand mother ) and its a great question . it 's like a princess . bernice oh I hope she 's nice ! francis I too ! like a angel ! enter baroness schrader follow by helga , schmitt & franz carry she luggage . baroness .+- and another thing . i’1ll have my tea every day at exactly 2 o'clock , no cream no sugar . please do not be late with my tea as I will have to inform the captain . bertha oh she 's a angel alright ! baroness Excuse I , do you say something ? fraulein schmitt run over and shew the servant away . " the sound of musc " 26 . fraulein franz welcome ! move along , dinner be on its way yes ? baroness oh , I be watch my figure , no dinner for I just a light salad . fraulein schmitt you do not have to watch you figure you be simply lovely . baroness well , thank you . fraulein helga but of course a most delicious salad will be serve just for you . exit the servant ( not franz ) . enter Captain . captain von trapp franz , do you tell auntie maxine we be have tea out on the terrace ? fraulein franz yes , sir . fraulien maxine be still on the phone . enter fraulein schmitt & helga with a tray of tea and crumpet . captain von trapp still no sign of the child ? fraulein franz no , sir . I x11 keep look . baroness rise from she seat and take captain 's arm . she look out . baroness the mountain be magnificent , gayle . captain von trapp yes , they be not like any other mountain , they be friendly . baroness I be beginning to understand you here better now that you be home . how can you be away from such a beautiful place for so long . " the sound of musc " 27 . captain von trapp maybe I be just wait for a reason to come back here to stay . baroness I like it here , very much . captain von trapp ( embarrass ) where be maxine ? ( beat ) do you really like it here ? just as the baroness be about to speak , maxine enter . she be bright , funny , full of energy and loud . maxine I be dreadfully sorry I take so long . captain von trapp any luck ? maxine ( excite ) how would you this for the kaltzenberg Festival - the finest choral group in all of Austria , the great soprano in all of London ! baroness oh , I would love to hear that . maxine ( dryly ) so would i. nevertheless , my motto be '' never start out look for talent you wind up get '' . that 's why i have be telephon Paris , Rome , London -— baroness on gayle 's phone ? maxine how else could I afford it . why be I up here ? captain von trapp I hope it be because you like I . maxine of course I like you . I like rich people . I like the way they live . I like the way I live when I be with they . baroness maxine , you be outrageous ! " the sound of musc " 28 . captain von trapp another name I have not hear before . baroness show I around the town , gayle . I want to meet all of you friend . I know let have a party for I ! maxine what a mavelous idea . captain von trapp I do not understand where the child be . if you will excuse I . I be go to see where they be . Captain exit . maxine look to be sure he 's out of earshot . maxine so , do you think the captina will marry you ? baroness yes , he have not ask yet ( beat ) I think there 's something in he way . maxine I know what it be . it 's money . baroness money ? '' how can love survive '' partial song maxine in all the famous love affayr . the couple have to struggle . in garret room away upstair . the couple starve but snuggle . there famous for misfortune which they seem to have no fear of . while couple who be very rich , you very seldom here of . captain enter , cross DS . max push baroness toward he . captain von trapp not a sign of they anywhere . baroness no little shack do you share with I . we do not flee from a mortgagee , nary a a care in the world we have . " the sound of musc " 29 . maxine how can love survive ? baroness you 're fond of bond and you own a lot , I have a plane and a diesel yacht maxine plenty of nothing I haven't got ! maxine & baroness elsa how can love survive . no ride for US on the top of the bus . in the face of the freezing breeze , you reach you goal . in you comfy roll ! or in one of you mercedese ! far , very far off the beam be we , quaint and bizarre as a team be we . baroness we 're keeping Romance alive . two millianaire with a dream be we , we all make our love survive . end song fraulien schmitt enter with rolf . fraulein schmitt captina , I find this throw rock at liesl 's window . captain von trapp who be you . rolf oh , Captain . I do not see , I mean , I do not know ...er , uh ... heil ! ( rolf saultes ) captain von trapp why be you here , boy ? rolf I have a telegram for Captain von trapp . captain von trapp ( snatch the telegram from rolf ) alright , you have deliver you telegram now get out ! rolf yes , sir . rolf and schmitt exit . baroness gayle , he 's only a boy . " the sound of musc " 30 . captain von trapp and I be just a austrian . we word be disappear before we eye . maxine what 's go to happen be go to happen . just do not let it happen to you . suddenly we hear child laugh . one by one they enter play leap frog the last one be Maria who leap right to the captain foot . maria oh Captain , you be home ! all childd ( joyfully ) Father , father you be home ! the captain blow he whistle . dismay the child obediently line up . maria welcome home Captain ! oh you must be baroness schraeder . Captain von trapp blow he whistle . everyone be suddenly frighten as they run to they formation . captain von trapp this be baroness schraeder ... and this be my child . baroness how do you do . captain von trapp Children , get out of that ridiculous clothes and change for the baroness immediately . hurry up . baroness Excuse we . maxine I will see if they be any more strudel . they scurry off . maxine and the baroness exit . " the sound of musc " 31 . captain von trapp Maria , where do you get this abomination , out of a nightmare ? maria no , I make they out of the drape in my room . captain von trapp do you mean to tell I my child have be all around salzburg wear that clothes . maria yes , they have become very popular . everyone smile at they . captain von trapp I do not wonder . maria they say , '' oh look there go the von trapp Children '' captain von trapp they have uniform maria Children cannot do thing they be suppose to do if they have to worry about they precious clothes . captain von trapp I do not care to hear anything further from you about my child ! maria I be not finish yet , Captain ! captain von trapp oh yes you be , captain ! ( correct himself ) fraulein . now you will pack you bag at once . maxine have enter with the child and the baroness . maxine Excuse I Captain . the child have prepare a song as a gift for the baroness . the child line up and sing song begins " the sound of musc " 32 . all childd the hill be alive with the SOUND of music , with song they have sung , for a thousand year . the hill fill my heart , with the SOUND of music . my heart want to sing every song it hear . my heart want to beat like the wing of the bird that rise from the lake to the tree . my heart want to sigh like a chime that fly from a church on a breeze , to laugh like a brook when it trip and fall over stone on its way to sing through the night , like a lark who be learning to pray . I go to the hill when my heart be lonely . I know I will hear what I heard before . my heart will be blessed with the SOUND of music and i'll sing once more . at the end of the song they all clap . slowly the child walk towards they father . then they run and they all hug . Maria be about to leave but the Captain stop she . captain von trapp do not go . ( beat ) I have behave badly . you be right . I do not know the child . maria there 's still time . captain von trapp I want you to stay . I ask you to stay . maria if I could be of help . captain von trapp you have already do more than you 's 1ll know . baroness thank you child for such a lovely gift . " the sound of musc " 33 . maxine this call for a celebration ! I have find my new group ! captain von trapp very funny . maxine we should have a wonderful gala . what do you say gail ? the captain be in he own world star at Maria . she blushes and turn away . the baroness see this and get between they . baroness okay , yes , we will have a party , for the baroness . baroness ( cont would ) oh goody ! captain von trapp come along now child , we have lot of plan . gretle & marta oh boy , my first party ever ! the kid all hug Maria . the Captain turn again to look at Maria . scene 7 ext . the captain mansion the child be on the veranda outside of the party . frau smmidt & frau franz enter . gretle bow to they fraulein schmitt no , a lady curtsy . ( gretel curtsy ) that 's right . you must do that to all of the guest . marta all of they . wo not my knee get tired ? fraulein helga that 's the price of be a lady . louisa everyone look so beautiful . I guess we look beautiful too ! " the sound of musc " 34 . kurt I think they look ugly . louisa you just say that because you be scared . kurt silly , only grow - up man be scared of woman . marta we have never have a party in the house before , this be so exciting . fraulein schmitt oh yes , there use to be lot of party here . liesl & freisel freidrick & I use to sneak out and watch everyone from the top of the stair . friedrick I remember the music . once father bring a gypsy orchestra all the way from budapest ! freisel yes , they wear red coat ! lesil & freisel begin to dance with a pretend partner brigitta who be you dance with ? friedrick me. freidrick tap liesl on the shoulder & they begin to dance . kurt yuck. Maria enter . maria well , why do not you child tell I you could dance ? brigitta we be afraid you would make we dance together . the von trapp family dancer ! the all laugh . " the sound of musc " 35 . maria May I have this dance young man ? kurt since its you fraulein Maria . they begin to dance as the child look on . the captain enter . he walk over to Maria & kurt . captain von trapp May I cut in . maria ( surprised ) oh dear . ( smile ) yes . the dance . the baroness appear . Maria look into he eye and suddenly stop . maria ( cont would ) I ... I seem to have forget the rest . baroness ( clear she throat ) there you be darling . Maria and the captain quickly break apart . maria good evening baroness . ( she curtsey ) if you will excuse I . come along child . Maria exit with the child . all child good night Father , baroness . baroness I really must speak to the cook about the wienerschnitzel . it 's entirely too delicious for my figure ... captain von trapp I be sorry , baroness , ... I have . baroness do not . do not say another word . you see , uh , there be other thing I have be think of . while plan this party over the past few week ... I have see the way you look at Maria . I know you have grow fond of she . ( more ) " the sound of musc " 36 . baroness ( cont would ) ( pause ) now if you 's 1ll excuse I , I be go to go back inside and pack my little thing and go back to Vienna where I belong . somewhere out there be a young lady who I think ... will never be a nun . the baroness hug the captina and exit . frau schmitt & frau franz enter with maxine with another telegram . fraulein schmitt Captain , another telegram have arrive . maxine I really think the child should be in the festival . they be so very talented ( pause ) be everything okay ? the captain open the telegram and read it . captain von trapp they have offer I a commission in they navy . I have be request to report tomorrow morning . maxine I know this day would come but so soon ? captain von trapp I have to find Maria . scene 8 int . the captain mansion the child sit around as Maria and the Captain hold hand . they be in they play clothes hold suitcase . maria Children , the captain and I have decide to leave Austria . the Captain and maria be hold hand liesl why be you hold hand father ? marta do you marry Maria the Captain look at Marie and smile . " the sound of musc " 37 . captain von trapp not yet . all of the child run to Maria and hug she . brigitta we new mother . maria well not yet . but we have to hurry . come along now child . we have to be quiet . gretle because it 's night time ? maria something like that . maxine I will miss you all . I wish you could be sing in my festival tonight . captain von trapp perhaps another time . they shake hand . fraulein schmitt enter with two soldier . they be rolf and herr Zeller . fraulein schmitt I try to stop they . captain von trapp that 's okay fraulein schmitt . lt . herr zeller go somewhere Captain . captain von trapp we be just go for a walk . rolf convenient , you be suppose to report for duty for the german navy tomorrow . liesl rolf ! what be you do . rolf stare straight ahead ignore she . Maria hug she close as she silently cry . " the sound of musc " 38 . captain von trapp be I . I do not recall receive a telegram about that . herr zeller you have receive several and I be here to take you directly myself . maxine well , that 's impossible gentleman . rolf & officer why be that ? maxine the family von trapp be sing in the salsberg festival this evening . it 's all arrange . maria I only hope we be not too late . we should really get go . officer hammerstein once again , how convenient . office rogester let 's go captain . the general be wait . herr zeller stop ! you will sing , you will all sing . but that be only because I want it to be . I want the people of salzburg to see that nothing have change . I shall escort you myself . carry on . they all exit . scene 9 ext . salzburg town CENTER . light up on maxine introduce the next salzberg contestant . there be various contestant that go on before the von trapp family . there be puppet , singer , & dancer . maxine May I present the salzburg puppet ! '' longely goatheard song '' begins " the sound of musc " 39 . salzburg puppet ( all nun ) High on a hill be a lonely goatherd layee odl , layee odl layee - oo loud be the voice of the lonely goatherd layee odl , layee odl - oo folk in a town that be quite remote hear layee odl , layee odl layee - oo lusty and clear from the goatherd 's throat hear layee odl , layee odl - oo oho layee odllee - oo oho layee odl ay ! oho layee odllee - oo hododlleeoay ! maxine finally announce the von trapp family . maxine thank you . May I introduce the family von trapp . the von trapp family there's a sad sort of clanging from the clock in the hall and the bell in the steeple too and up in the nursery a absurd little bird be popping out to say " cuckoo " marta , gretel , brigitta cuckoo , cuckoo the von trapp family regretfully they tell US cuckoo , cuckoo but firmly they compel US cuckoo , cuckoo to say goodbye . . . to you . so long , farewell , auf wiedersehen , good night marta I hate to go and leave this pretty sight the von trapp family so long , farewell , auf wiedersehen , adieu friedrick & friesel adieu , adieu , to yieu and yieu and yieu the von trapp family so long , farewell , au revoir , auf wiedersehen liesl i'd like to stay and taste my first champagne . .. yes ? captain von trapp no . " the sound of musc " 40 . the von trapp family so long , farewell , auf wiedersehen , goodbye kurt I leave and heave a sigh and say goodbye -—- goodbye ! brigitta i'm glad to go , I cannot tell a lie louisa I flit , I float , I fleetly flee , I fly gretle the SUN have gone to bed and so must I the von trapp family so long , farewell , auf wiedersehen , goodbye goodbye , goodbye , goodbye song end . maxine thank you everyone . that conclude we show . please sit while the judge give we the winner of the show . enter a girl with a envelope . maxine ( cont would ) in second place , the salzburg pupet ! enter the puppet bow continuously . they exit . maxine ( cont have ) this year salzburg festival winner be ... the family von trapp . ( long pause ) the von trapp family singer .... ( long pause ) . the family von trapp . a soldier run out rolf they be go ! everyone gasp . the curtain clothes . the von trapp family have leave salzburg forever . end