the iron giant written by Tim mccanly and Brad Bird screen Story by Brad Bird inspire by the book by Ted Hughes July 11 , 1997 draft fade in : deep space star blaze against the blackness of deep space . one star begin to move , come closer , move toward ... earth , in space : blue seas , fleecy white cloud . beep - beep - beep : a retro-satellite , sputnik , tumble past . below , near New England , black storm cloud swirl in silence . flashes , lightning flicker . a ship on a STORM - tossed sea - night the wind howl , the storm rage in the chill water off the rocky coast of Maine . giant wave tower overhead , then crash over the deck of a fishing ship where desperate fishermen fight to stay alive . the captain yell order no one can hear in the deafen roar . int . ship be MAIN cabin - night the first mate yell into the radio , they only hope : first mate mayday ! mayday ! this be fishing ship " annabelle " ! we be floundering and take on water ! mayday ! mayday ! a enormous wave smashes against the bow of the ship , throw everyone in the cabin off balance . a glass shatter . the Captain enter , the two lock eye : it look bad . captain what 's we position ? sailor # 1 ( grim ) I do not know . captain if you do not know where we be then you do not know where we be go !! you could be run we right into the rock !! then : a voice break through the static on the radio . radio Coast Guard Portland Station to annabelle : do you read I ? as the mate start to answer , lightning strike the huge mast . it crash through the pilothouse window , smashing the radio . Glass , radio part fly . the Captain 's shoulder slump : now they be do for . on the deck - night the Captain come out on deck : he man stare at he , eye full of fear , desperation . then , impossibly ... the wind trail off . in second , the sea flatten into a sheet of glass . all be dead calm . it 's eerie . ropes creak . the man erupt in celebration , cheering , hugging each other : it 's over ! the angry Captain yell : captain it 's not over , you idiot ! it 's just the eye of the storm ! the man look around : far off on the horizon , the raging storm still surround the ship ... but overhead , star appear . it 's eerie , strange . fisherman look ! overhead , a new , brilliant star appear ... and it 's quickly grow larger . the blaze light speed toward the startle sailor , impossibly fast , intensely bright , blind , all go white ... kawhoosh ! the light crash into the sea . Water fly , the sea boil , churning , roaring , the water green - light from below . great cloud of steam billow and hiss . then , without warning , the raging storm roar back with a vengeance , a huge wave slam into the ship . again the fisherman fight for they life . but then a dim light appear , far off in the rain : a barely visible beam sweep back and forth in the storm . captain the lighthouse ! head for it ! the desperate man struggle to steer they limping ship toward the light . then , clang ! the ship shudder , stop instantly : the ship have slammed into ... a wall ! a solid wall , a wall make of ... iron ? 3. the sailor freeze , speechless : they look up the wall , up , up ... flash of lightning illuminate : a face ! twin beam of light come from what look to be ... eye , in a enormous face . a giant ?! make of metal ! thunder boom . the impossible face seem to turn downward ... and look at the man . the man quake . a huge wave crash over the ship and throw the man overboard , into the sea . the ship begin sink fast . in the water , near the cliff - night Men surface , cling to ship debris . two man in a lifeboat pull they comrade from the chill water . a wave washes over rock , leave behind a limp fisherman , cling to the rock . barely alive , whipped by wind and rain , he see lightning - brief glimpsis of the giant thing as it move off in the howling storm and dissapear . the view move up , up the rocky cliff to the lighthouse perch atop the cliff . the brilliant beam try in vain to penetrate the raging storm ... ext . hogarthas house - that night - establishing we push through the storm towards a upstairs window , and into ... int . hogarthas house - continuous a flashlight beam illustrate the STORM smashing against a window . a wide - eyed nine - year -old boy , hogarth , grip the flashlight . as the STORM rage , hogarth explore he room by flashlight . the moving beam give life to the room full of toy and memorabilia , the wind howl grow louder . glass shatter and a cold wind whip into the room . voice ( 0.s. ) hogarth ....?!! the door fly open and hogarth 's mother annie be there . late twenty , attractive . annie be you alright , honey ? hogarth yeah , Mom , I be okay ... Annie turn to the shattered window pane , then push hogarth 's bookshelf in front of it to block the wind . hogarth stare at he monther . she look spook . hogarth ( cont ’d ) ++. be you ? annie I hate when the power go out . but ... yes , I be fine . outside , the wind howl . hogarth wanna stay up with I for a while ? ( coax ) I could tell you a story ... Annie smile , touch . annie a story , huh ? what have you get for I this time ? hogarth well , it 's a story about ... hogarth scan the toy and souvenir on he bedside table . with a sudden flash of inspiration , he grab a baseball card . hogarth ( cont ’d ) mickey mantle . he have a magic bat , Mom . everybody say so . as Annie watch hogarth with motherly adoration , hogarth pick up a plastic dinosaur . hogarth ( cont ’d ) anyway , this be the story of mickey 's adventure with the stegosaurus . it 's get action and romance . and the best part be , it 's all true . Annie laugh and touch a fingertip on hogarth 's forehead . annie you have get a lot go on in there , do not you , hogarth ? ( more ) annie ( cont 'd ) ( wistfully ) just like you father ... for a moment hogarth beam . he look over at a frame photo that sit on he nightstand , that show a handsome man dress in a army uniform . and as he stare at the photo , a sad , pensive look come over hogarth 's face . Annie see it . hogarth I can not wait ' till he come back . annie ( gently ) we have be through this before , honey ... hogarth they find he plane , mom . they do not find he . he 's gonna come back . Annie see the resolute look in she son' eye and decide to change tack . annie so what could he do with that magic bat of he ? hogarth h ( lose in think ) huh ? annie mickey mantle . could he cast spell with it , like a magician ? hogarth oh ... ( brighten ) yeah . yeah that 's exactly what he could do . and that 's why he be know as the wizard of sherwood Forest . annie ( amused ) sherwood Forest , huh ? hogarth right . and then one day , this stegosaurus show up . and he say --— ( deep voice ) ( more ) hogarth ( cont 'd ) " who think he be mightier than I , the mighty thunder lizard ? " annie and this be all true , now ? hogarth every word , Mom -- I would not make this up . so mickey say , " I be the two time american League bat champ . I be MVP of the all - Star game three time run . I go anywhere I please in this forest ... " we drift back from mother and son , hunkere down in a pool of warm flashlight , surround by darkness ... ext . rockwell - the next morning the sun have rise on a beautiful Maine morning . the camera start high in a tall tree , where a bird be repair its storm - damage nest , and pan down from this literal bird 's - eye view to the street of rockwell , where stoic New englander be do repair of they own . down the middle of the street come hogarth , on a bike . in the wire bike - basket in front of he be a shoebox with hole punch in the lid . a couple of local be clear a fell tree . we hear they conversation as they drift across the screen in hogarth 's travel Pov . first local strangest storm I ever see . swept away my best iron wheelbarrow . but leave the handle behind ... now hogarth pass a pair of women who gossip as they rake up leave and branch . first woman my husband speak to one of that fisherman this morning . fellow would not talk about the shipwreck at all . Said we would all think he be mad . second woman now what do you think he mean by that ? first woman well , I be sure I do not know . ( lower she voice ) but it would not surprise I if the communist be involved . ext . the " chat ~ N -' chew " diner - day the " Chat on - '' chew " diner sit near the dock and the town square : the center of all social life in the village . hogarth arrive , at last , and park he bike . he take the shoebox out of he bike basket , open it a little and speak to whatever be inside . hogarth remember -- be charming . int . diner - day the diner be pack . everybody be here -- farmer , fishermen - - all swapping storm -story . it 's loud . and there 's no empty table , no place to sit . hogarth enter and look around . he spot Annie , now dress as a waitress and serve coffee from behind the counter . hogarth put on a big smile and wave at she . hogarth hey , Mom ! you will not believe we good luck ! look what I find ... he make he way through the coffee shop to the counter . as he pass by , various local lady -- the busybodies -- look up from they breakfast , mouth downcast and eye half - lidd -- ever ready to cast judgement , should the precious opportunity arise . hogarth arrive at the counter open the shoebox for Annie . a baby squirrel poke its head out . Annie roll she eye . hogarth ( cont ’d ) his tree musta get knock down in the storm ! can I keep he ? annie hogarth , we have be through this . no pet ... hogarth but he 's not a pet , Mom . he 's a friend . you be always say I should have more friend come over , right ? well now I have get one . ( sell it ) ( more ) hogarth ( cont 'd ) you gotta admit I be make sense here . annie hogarth , if there 's one thing we have learn from you many pet , it 's that claw and furniture do not mix . hogarth I know but -- annie no " but . " we have get to rent a room this year if we be go to make end meet ... nearby a busybody perk up she ear , elbow she neighbor , and raise she eyebrow significantly . annie ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) .».. and no one want to live ina place with shred upholstery . hogarth you will never know he 's there . I will keep he in a cage -- annie - until you feel sorry for he and " set he free " in the house . remember the raccoon , hogarth ? God , I remember the raccoon ... hogarth please , mom . at least look at he ... annie ( soften ) alright , where be this guy ...? hogarth grin and reach down for he box ... then notice there 's nothing inside it . the squirrel have escape . hogarth look back at Annie , hide he desperation . hogarth I ... will go get he ... okay ? hogarth turn , he eye darting around frantically . finally he spy a furry tail disappear under a four-person table with a single occupant , hide behind a newspaper . hogarth ( cont ’d ) Excuse I ...? Excuse I ... no response . behind the paper , smoke rise . hogarth ( cont ’d ) Sir ? still no response . hogarth be get exasperate . hogarth ( cont 'd ) Sir ...? sir? sir! excuse I , S -- hogarth stop with sudden realization . he slowly push down the top of the paper , revealing that the person he 's talk to ... ... be asleep . a light cigarette with a impossibly long ash dangle precariously from he lip . this be dean mccoppen . sport sunglass , handsome in a rumple sort of way . unshave , uncomb , unusual . a beatnik . here . hogarth 's hear of they , but this be the first one he 's see up close . the beatnik 's head loll ... ... and he cigarette drop in he lap . he wake . dean I be snore , right ? sorry , man . I be just not a morning person ... hogarth please do not move , sir . my pet 's under you table -- do not look - - if you make a scene my mom will not let I keep he . dean do not worry sonny , I be cool as a cucumb - ( shriek of pain ) he leap up , hollering , slapping at he smoking pants . on annie as she turn to watch the commotion from across the room . the busybody be all abuzz . who be the weird guy with hogarth ? 10 . resume dean & hogarth as Dean finally get under control . he look around . the whole joint be stare at he . he pick up he cigarette butt and hold it as he address the other diner . dean have a little cigarette mishap . it 's under control . show 's over . cool yourselves and resume breakfast , people . ( sit , to hogarth ) what kind of pet , kid ? hogarth a squirrel . do not worry , he 's friendly . annie be my son bother you , sir ? Dean stare at Annie , smile strangely . dean yes . no. call I Dean . as Dean and Annie size each other up , the three busybody whisper cattily back and forth . first busybody oh ! I do not know why they let such people in here . second busybody she ought to ignore he . third busybody you forget how single she be , dear . the busybody exchange smug , catty grin . ext . rockwell STREET - day the camera be very low , as a official - look car pull up , and come to a stop in front of we , its front grille fill the screen . the word " U.S. government " be print boldly across the top of the license plate . the camera pull out and the driver 's side car door open . a well dress man in he mid-thirty , kent mansley , step out , puff on he pipe and survey he surroundings with a steely - eye , square - jaw gaze . 11 . now a troubled look come over he , as he notice the US covernment decal on he car door be peel off . he press it flat -- it curl up again . he press it flat -- it curl . he lick he finger , rub it on the decal and press it hard -- and it hold . Kent 's look of confidence return . he slam the car door with authority ; one side of the license plate unhinge and hang at a angle . Kent sigh with defeat , and walk away . int . diner - day Annie speak gently to hogarth . annie hogarth . I think you be get you pet , honey . hogarth I will , mom . after I finish talk to - dean ( still smile strangely ) Dean . hogarth -- Dean . Annie shrug , exit . hogarth look at Dean curiously . dean I find you pet . hogarth where ? dean ( maintain clench smile ) up my leg , man . squirrel 's in my pants , hogarth . I be tryin ' not to wig out here . hogarth do not wig out . dean ( quietly , skin crawl ) okay ... he 's head north . ( finally ) I be sorry , kid ... Dean stand spastically , again address the room . dean ( cont ’d ) I would like to apologize to everyone in advance for this . he unzip he fly and out pop the squirrel . there be a collective gasp , then a series of shriek as the squirrel scamper around the diner . Dean zip up and sit back down . dean ( cont ’d ) check , please . Annie glare at a sheepish hogarth . ext . coffee shop - day Kent now hold a clipboard , take note as he talk to a old farmer . nearby stand a tractor with a bite take out of it . kent and do you see any strange light in the sky last night ? any saucer - shape fly object ? farmer no ... kent be any of you live stock disorient this morning ? do you cow appear anxious or depressed ? farmer no ... ( get suspicious ) ... who do you say you work for again ? Kent puff himself up a little bit . kent frankly I be not at liberty to reveal the particular of the agency I work for . he lean in confidentially . kent ( cont ’d ) but between you and I , I represent the United States government . u.p.d . the unexplain phenomena Department . the Farmer also lean in confidentially . 13 . farmer c.1.a .? kent huh ? oh , uh ... no . we scope be less limited than the CIA . unexplain phenomena , my friend -- that could be anything . farmer you work out of the Pentagon , then ? kent well , sure , we work near the Pentagon , yes . you know radcliffe Street ? farmer no . kent well , trust I , it 's pretty much Pentagon adjacent . and all that that imply . farmer so , what do you think get to my tractor ? something the commy build ? some kind of monster ? something from outer space ? Kent think for a moment , then deflate a little . kent no , it 's probably something else . ( sigh wearily ) it 's always something else . he make a note on he clipboard . in the background , Dean approach and hook up the tractor to he tow truck and haul it away . int . hogarthas house - that night hogarth come home . the phone ring , and he pick it up . hogarth ( automatic , without inflection ) hello this be hogarth Hughes speak who 's call please . 14 . annie hogarth , honey ... I be really sorry , but I need to work late tonight . there 's some cold chicken in the ice box . you can have that and some carrot -- hogarth I be already on it , Mom . he pull a box of twinky from a cupboard . annie good . I will make it up to you , okay ? hogarth okay . annie I love you honey . and hogarth ? no scary movie , no late snack , in bed by eight . get it ? hogarth get it . cur to : the clock be at 8:47 ... light up by the ghostly flicker light of the television . we hear creepy music filter through the tinny t.v. speaker . camera drift to : hogarth ... take a twinkie from a package . he shake up a can of whipped cream , jam it into the flat side of the twinkie , inflating it with additional whipped cream . he cram the twinkie in into he mouth , never take he eye off the screen . int . hogarthas house live room - night lit by the light of a black and white tv , hogarth have move furniture and pile up cushion , make a tv watch fortress . there 's a noise outside . hogarth jump . listen . must have be the tv . 15 . on the tv , a scientist and he assistant be involved in some kind of drama that include a murderous brain . another noise outside , louder this time . hogarth freeze : that do not come from the tv .... roar ! the tv screen go white with deafening static . hogarth no ! not now ! he smack the tv : no effect . he crank the big channel knob : thunk - thunk -thunk . all channel be static . hogarth ( cont ’d ) stupid antenna ...! hogarth stare at the screen , gather he nerve . he heft he flashlight and warily head upstairs . ext . the roof - a loft window - night hogarth peer out . all quiet , just a whisper of wind . he crawl out onto the roof , he flashlight beam follow the flat tv wire up the roof toward its peak ... and stop : the antenna be go , literally tear off the roof ! hogarth go . now hogarth pause and cock he head , listen . in the distance he hear a heavy " boom . " and then another . he peer off into the wood . in the distance he seem to see something move , just above the level of the tree . something enormous . hogarth ( cont ’d ) whoa ... int . hogarthas bedroom - night hogarth hurriedly equip himself : he tape a flashlight onto a toy bb - gun ; put on a football helmet . finally , he look in the mirror and salute himself . hogarth hogarth Hughes . ready for action . ext . hogarthas house - night hogarth hurry out , run up to the first massive depression in the grass . hogarth place he tiny foot beside the car - size depression , and very nearly lose he nerve . 16 . he take a deep breath and hurry into the wood . int . the wood - night a dark night , fog drift through tree . spooky . at the forest 's edge , hogarth look up , see break branch where something enter the wood ... something big . hogarth dart from bush to bush , follow the trail . time dissolve : hogarth creep on , the forest be now dense . more and more , the tree -damage begin to take shape , a tall tunnel form by break limb , until ... hogarth gasp : the tunnel form a perfect outline of a huge man-shape thing . he shiver , consider turn back ... but he can not . he creep on . hogarth hear a deep rhytmic humming that vibrate the ground . it sound strange ... alien . he creep on . ext . bushes near the power station - night the humming be loud . hogarth slowly part bush to see ... a power station : " danger - high voltage " . tall power line tower march through the wood . SPARKS SNAP . thump ! a giant metal foot slam into the ground right in front of hogarth , he yelp . thump ! thump ! thump ! ' two huge foot become two huge leg . hogarth look up , up ... a giant . make of metal ! forty foot tall , maybe fifty ! hogarth can not believe he eye ... the giant stare at the metal tower , make a metallic grunt that sound ... hungry . it reach out and snap off a thick piece of metal , pop it in he mouth , chews noisily , and swallows . burp . mmmm good ! hogarth wow ... it eat metal . cool . hogarth sit , hide in the bush , and watch , fascinate , as the giant " graze " the metal tower . SPARKS fly from now - loose flail powerline . the giant 's eat all the tower arm : he tug at a solid metal base : it 's stick . so the giant bend down to eat he way down the tall metal tower : chomp chomp chomp . hogarth realize the giant be chomping toward a mass of thick power cable that humm and spark . 17 . quick intercut : ext. / int . hogarthas house and power station - night Annie grab a flashlight by the door , illuminate the live room ... what a mess ! and ... no hogarth . ka - zappp ! electricity race up and down the giant 's metal , it jerk , fly backward , trail sparking powerline that wrap around he as he stumble into a tangle of more power - line : ka - zap ! it panic , flail , screeching , try to free itself , get more entangle . Annie search through the house by flashlight , for she son , become more and more frantic . annie hogarth ...? hogarth ! hogarth !! SPARKS SNAP and fly as the giant shriek in agony . a tower totter and fall ... smash into the ground just as hogarth jump clear . electricity arc up and down the giant 's body . the giant roar , a awful metal SOUND , fall to its knee , eye sparking , shorting out . hogarth look around , desperate : he 's get to save he ! he see a panel : " emergency CUT - off switch " . hogarth run toward it , spark raining all around he . he grab the panel ... lock . he swing he bb - gun like a club : crash ! the gun break , the panel door pop open . hogarth grab the huge switch and throw all he weight against it . clunk . the SPARKS slowly die away . ext . the deep , dark wood - night the daze giant , look around , dizzy ... he stand , sway , easily snap free of the wire hold he . his eye focus down ( way down ) on hogarth . the boy and the giant stare at each other for a long time . now what ? annie ( 0.s. ) ( calling ) hogarth ! hogarth turn : down the hill , through the fog , he see a light float through the tree . hogarth Mom ! 18. hogarth run down the hill towards the light ... then stop , turn back toward the giant .... ... but back where the giant stand , second before , be now only dangle sparkling power line . he 's go . hogarth stare : baffle . Annie rush up . annie hogarth ! she grab he by he shoulder , tightly , more out of fear than anger . annie ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) what do you think you be do ?!! do not you know better than to wander off at night , alone ?? what if something happen to you ??? hogarth I be sorry , mom ... Annie throw she arm around he , hugging he tight , desperately happy to know that she boy be safe . annie do not ever do that to I again , hogarth . I be so scared , I think I would lose you ... a long moment pass with Annie just hold he and rock ... then -- hogarth ( softly ) Mom , you will not believe it . some - thing eat we t.v. antenna . annie oh , hogarth ... hogarth no , I be serious ! and I go out to see what it be -- annie ( lose patience ) hogarth ... please ... hogarth -- and it be a giant metal -- 19 . annie hogarth ! stop it ! I be not in the mood . ( gentle , but firm ) come on . let 's go home . int . anniee truck - moment later hogarth sit in silence as Annie start the ignition . as they drive away , hogarth can not help but look back over he shoulder . backlit by the moon , he can just make out the outline of the giant , half -hidden by the tree ... watch they go ... dissolve to : ext . the forest tree - the next morning the North Maine wood , the tree sway , hold they secret deep within . int . elementary scool - day the teacher be quiz she student . hogarth be the smallest one in the class . on the chalkboard be write the word " russia " and " poland . " teacher and who can name another country that be part of the u.s.s.r .? hogarth raise he hand . teacher ( cont ’d ) anyone besides hogarth ? hogarth lower he hand . no response from the other . teacher ( cont ’d ) anyone actually listen to I other than hogarth ? hogarth , be we go to have to move you up another grade ? or should we move the rest of the class down ? alright , that 's it . everyone in the class except hogarth can write I a five page essay . call it " ally and enemy of the United States of America . " it 's due tomorrow . the class groan . a big kid turn around to hogarth , point at he , and give he the " slit throat " sign . hogarth wilt . 20 . ext . power station - day worker swarm over the tower , repair the damage . Kent be there , smoking a pipe as he talk to a foreman . foreman yeah , sometimes a line will snap if the weather 's bad , sure . but fora whole tower to get twisted up like that ? ( scratch he head ) I tell you , it 's get I beat . kent and not a single witness ... foreman ' fraid not , sir . kent could this have be cause by a giant metal monster , perhaps ? foreman pardon I , sir ? kent nothing . just repeat a yarn I hear from some fisherman ... just then , something catch Kent 's eye . kent ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . he walk a few step away , and hunker down beside a portion of the rubble . a trapezoidal piece of wood be stick out from beneath it . Kent pull it out . it 's the handle of a b.b. gun . on Kent 's look we cut to ... ext . classroom - day student pour out of hogarth 's classroom , follow at last by hogarth , who be a full head smaller than any of they . now hogarth 's face brighten , as a few kid he size pass by . hogarth hurry to catch up with they . hogarth hey guy ! the kid turn to hogarth without much enthusiasm . first kid hey , hogarth . 21 . hogarth listen , you be not go to believe what happen to I last night . I go walk into the forest , and I see this ... giant ! the kid exchange glance . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) it be make out of metal ! and it tore apart the power station . for a moment , the kid stare at hogarth blankly . finally , one of they speak . first kid you know what I just remember ? I be suppose to help some people do some stuff way over in some other place right now . second kid oh that people ? yeah , I be suppose to do that too . first kid Nice see you , hogarth . as the kid walk away , hogarth hear one of they speak quietly to the other . first kid ( cont ’d ) Boy , I hope they never skip I a grade . second kid he 's get really desperate . a determine look come over hogarth 's face we cut to ... the wood - that day hogarth march purposefully into the forest with a camera sling over he shoulder , and a sheet of metal in one hand . hogarth hellllllooo ! come ouuut ! dissolve to : 22. deeper into the wood - a little later the wood be denser now , with shaft of autumn sun punctuate the darken light . hogarth bang the metal loudly as he walk . hogarth hey , big metal guy !! it 's I , the kid who turn off the power for ya! dissolve to : a clearing in the forest hogarth set the metal down , then retreat a safe distance ... hogarth Metal ! delicious metal ! come and get it ! ... and settles in behind a large log . he aim the camera , and wait . and wait . and wait . this be clearly not as exciting as hogarth expect . he rub he eye , yawn , and lay he head on he arm . and the next thing he know , he 's waking up . the afternoon light have give way to the long shadow of early evening . hogarth look towards the clear -- the piece of metal be go . he gasp . he reach behind he for the camera , as he scan the forest , leave and right . suddenly he pause . his hand be not find the camera . he turn and look for it . it 's go . above he a flashbulb pop . a moment later , a roll of film drop from the sky and land at he foot . hogarth pick up the film , and swallow hard . he look up , a long way up , and see the giant stand over he , its jaw move , and a crunching sound come from its mouth . hogarth ( cont ’d ) aaaaagh ! hogarth run as fast as he leg will carry he . he cover twenty foot or so , when -- boom ! a enormous metal foot touch down in front of he . he run faster , faster , but with a single step , the giant cover all the distance between they . 23 . suddenly -- whack ! hogarth catch a tree limb across the chin , and be send sprawling to the ground . the giant loom over he . hogarth sit up , he eye wide with fear , and shout at the fifty - foot metal monster . hogarth ( cont ’d ) what do you want from I ?!! the giant sit down with a thud . then he reach toward hogarth with a close fist , turn it palm - upward and open he finger . there , in he hand , be the four- foot metal handle with " emergency shut - off " print along its length . hogarth ( cont ’d ) the shut - off switch ... hogarth look from the handle to the giant , in awe . hogarth ( cont ’d ) you see I save you . as boy and giant stare into each other 's eye , we cut to ... int . coffee shop - day some of the busybodies sit around sip coffee and gossipe . first busybody well , in my opinion , it 's a woman 's obligation to re-marry . if not for herself , than for she child . the busybody murmur they assent . second busybody do you know she leave she little boy all alone last night ? my son hear he go wander around all by himself . near the power plant ... at the mention of this word , a figure at a nearby booth lower he newspaper , and narrow he eye . it 's Kent . third busybody tsk -tsk . on the very night that power line come down ? the poor child could have be kill . the busybody gasp in shock and disapproval . 24 . first busybody it just go to prove my point . she ought to provide he with a father figure , if she care about the boy . annie ( 0.s. ) she do care about she boy , for you information . Annie enter , tie on a apron . the busybody blush and fan themselves nervously . annie ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) and she thanks you so much for you concern . ( then wearily ) more coffee , anyone ? kent ( 0.s. ) I would love some . Annie turn . Kent give she he best smile . Annie pour coffee , we see Kent study she with a thoughtful , almost sinister look . he glance at she name tag . kent ( cont ’d ) Annie . what a very lovely name ... Annie smile . int . wood - day the giant and hogarth sit face each other , each stare at the other with curiosity . hogarth so ... what be you ? the giant tilt he head curiously but say nothing . hogarth ( cont ’d ) do you talk ? the giant continue stare , puzzle . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) " talk . " you know , word ? " blah - blah - blah , " like that . can you do that -- " blah - blah -blah ? " the giant open and close he mouth in imitation of hogarth . a series of deep metallic rumbling and clanging come out of he mouth . 25 . hogarth ( cont ’d ) well , you get the concept , anyway . but we need to work on you vocabulary . let 's see . hogarth look around , see a rock , and pick it up . hogarth ( cont ’d ) see this ? this be call a rock . " rock . " try it . " rooock . " giant kraaan -chunk . hogarth " rooock . " giant kroooonk . hogarth ( patiently ) rock . giant rog . hogarth good ! see ? this be a ... rock . a look of dawn understanding come over the giant . he look at the rock in hogarth 's hand . giant rog . he pick up a nearby boulder . giant ( cont 'd ) rog ? hogarth yes ! the giant pull a tree out of the ground . giant rog ! hogarth no , no . that be a tree . Tree . ( point at rock ) rock . ( point at tree ) treeeee . 26 . the giant 's mouth hang open in awe . giant rog ... treeee -( SOUND of a truck beeing crushed in a metal compactor ) hogarth get it ? everything have a different name . rock. Tree ... the giant 's mouth hang open in awe ... dissolve to : same shot - hour later a very tired hogarth be still seat ( uncomfortably now ) in front of a still awe -struck giant . the giant pick up a piece of wood . hogarth ( tired ) branch . giant braaannch . the giant pick up another piece of wood . hogarth yeah , that 's a branch , too . giant braaannch . ( pick up a rock ) rog ? hogarth look , we have pretty much cover everything in the forest . and if I do not get home soon , mom 's gonna wonder where I be . ( get on he foot ) you stay here , okay ? I will come back tomorrow . hogarth wave to the giant and exit . now hogarth hear a boom behind he . he turn to see the giant follow he . hogarth ( cont ’d ) and do not follow I , either . 27 . the giant continue follow , happily . hogarth ( cont 'd ) I say do not . do not follow I . stay . go home . I mean it ! ext . railroad track near hogarthas home - day a fog be settling in , as hogarth leave the forest and cross a set of railroad track . he point to the house at the bottom of the hill . hogarth look . that 's where I live , okay ? I be go there , and you be not , understand ? so goodbye . hey ... he turn to see the giant kneel curiously beside the railroad track . he poke at they . giant ( hungry SOUND ) hogarth hey , wait a minute -- too late . the giant bite down on the twin strand of railroad track and rip they loose like spaghetti . hogarth ( cont 'd ) what do you think you're do ?!! the giant freeze , puzzle , long string of railroad track dangle from he month . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) put they back ! now the giant look confuse and guilty . ding ding ding ! the crossing signal blare , red light flash . the giant stare at the pretty light , entrance . hogarth gasp , look down the track . he hear a distant whistle blow : woo - wooo . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) oh no ... .( he run to the giant ) put they back right now !!! the giant stare , puzzle . hogarth groans , run to a piece of track stick up and push down on it with all he weight ... it do not budge . 28 . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) like this . help I ! the giant see hogarth struggle with the curl track , take one index finger , and helpfully push on they : ka - blam ! they be down . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) good ! that 's it ! the giant grunt , pleased with himself ... hogarth hear the train , close now . and then he see -- the piece of track do not meet up . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) put they together ! like this ! hogarth pantomime . the giant line up one track -- hogarth ( cont ’d ) now the other one ... hurry ! -- then try to line up the other side , but it 's tricky , the two chew - on rail stubbornly resist lining up . finally , the giant get they close . hogarth ( cont ’d ) good enough ! come on ! hogarth take off , racing like the wind to get out of there . he stop , look back ... the giant be still fussing with the track , try to get they perfect . hogarth no ! come on ! the train 's come ! the giant be intent on he puzzle : click . click . almost . now we see the headlight of a big freight train come out of the fog . the giant continue to fuss . hogarth ( cont ’d ) the train ! the giant finally snap the track into place . click . he grin . a train whistle shriek ! the startle giant look up as hogarth hit the dirt and -- ka-bloom ! 29 . ext . forest near power station - continuous Kent examine the break branch . hear the boom of the train wreck . resume train crossing - continuous steam fly . the explosion die away . hogarth look up . the giant be go . the train , its front end smashed , coast down the track , break squealing . hogarth look around ... then , thump ! the giant 's head land beside he . a arm fall here , a leg there . a hand fly down the hill , toward hogarth 's house . hogarth oh no ... hogarth see the giant lie around in big piece . he touch the giant 's hand gently , a look of pain and sadness on he face . hogarth ( cont ’d ) ( whimper ) and then , behind he , the giant 's head , still attach to its torso , sit up . hogarth yelp . the giant 's eye spark , flash and click on . he look around , daze , at he scattered part . hogarth ( cont ’d ) you be alive ! the torso have one leg and most of one arm attach . the other piece seem to come alive and scamper around as if confuse . a antenna rise out of the top of the giant 's head and begin to " signal " . all the piece SNAP to attention . they crawl toward the giant , who gather they up in he arm and look at hogarth , confuse . just then we hear voice come from the fog . voice hello ? be anyone out there ? be you alright ? hogarth squint into the fog . hogarth the train conductor . oh , we be in trouble now ... 30 . hogarth ( cont ’d ) ( turn to giant ) okay , look . I have change my mind . you can follow I home . he hurry off down the hill , with the one - legge giant hopping along behind he . int . hogarthas barn - day hogarth enter the barn , with the hopping giant behind he . hogarth you can stay here for now . the giant take a seat and set he body part down beside he . the giant 's arm part dutifully line up , the arm first . he pick it up and jam it into its socket . hogarth ( cont ’d ) and try to keep it quiet okay ? my mom 's not too big on I have any pet right now . " shhhh " -- get it ? ext . train track - continuous the train engineer and a conductor be examine the track in the swirl fog . conductor whatever we hit , it be something big . a tractor , maybe . engineer more like a tank , I would say . conductor so where the heck do it go ? out of the fog come Kent , pipe in hand . he cast a glance at the conductor and the engineer , then turn and look down the hill towards hogarth 's house . int . hogarthas house - continuous Annie enter from the kitchen , wiping she hand on she apron . annie dinner 's be on the table for twenty minute now . where have you be all afternoon ? 31 . hogarth I could tell you , Mom . but I really do not think you would believe I . annie somehow , I do not doubt that . int . barn - continuous the giant finish attach he leg , and be now all together save for a miss hand . he look around the barn for it . int . hogarthas house - that night Annie and hogarth sit at the dinner table . annie would you say grace , please ? hogarth fold he hand together , and start to bow he head when he stop : behind Annie , the giant 's hand crawl across the kitchen floor like a tarantula . hogarth oh my GOD ! Annie look up . hogarth roll he eye to heaven . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) oh my God , we thank you for the ... uh , food that Mom have put in front of we and -- stop !!! hogarth jump up . the curious hand -- now stand up on two finger and reach for a antique vase -- react to hogarth 's tone and shrink back . hogarth see Annie stare at he . again , he cover -- hogarth ( cont 'd ) - the Devil from do bad thing ... and -- ( to hand ) get outta here !...uh , Satan . go ! go ! so that we may live in peace . amen . annie amen . that be ... ( word fail she ) ... really unusual , hogarth . 32 . hogarth ( leap to he foot ) gotta use the bathroom . annie well ... ( he's already gone ) okay . live room - front entrance hogarth run up to the hand , block it from go to the cellar . he take one of the enormous finger with both hand , and lead it like a baby elephant to the front door . he open the door revealing -- -- kent , startle , about to knock . he smile he most charming smile . hogarth gasp , slam the door . he breathes hard , panic . but when he turn around , the hand be gone . the doorbell ring . not know what to do , hogarth open it . Kent 's still there , smile , as before . kent hey there , scout ... Kent mansley . I work for the government . you parent home ? hogarth we be eat . kent what 's wrong , scout ? you seem a little jumpy . annie who be it , hogarth ? Annie have enter the live room . Kent react . kent why , hello there ! Annie , be not it ? from the diner ? annie that 's right ! Mr. mansley ? kent please . call I kent ( wheel turn ) so this be you house ... ( to hogarth ) ... then you must be hobo ! 33 . hogarth hogarth . kent hobart . hogarth & annie hogarth . kent yes indeed . I be terribly sorry to bother you at this hour , but I be look into a little train accident that happen nearby and -- my goodness ! be there a blue - ribbon pie in the oven , or have I die and go to Heaven ? annie ( smile ) we have just sit down to dinner , Mr. mansley . would you care to join we ? kent if it 's not too much trouble , I would be delighted ! he flash she a thousand - dollar smile . as Annie turn she back to lead they into the dining room , Kent 's smile fade into a calculate look . hogarth see it all , and glare as Kent walk past he . Kent doff he hat , place it over hogarth 's head as he advance into the live room . kent ( cont 'd ) here . pretend you be a gangster . the hat cover hogarth 's head . he stand there , look ridiculous . int . hogarthas dine room - a little later hogarth , Annie and Kent be seat at the dinner table . Kent be pour on the charm to Annie , as hogarth continue to eye he suspiciously . Kent pat he stomach . kent well ! it certainly be true what they say ; the hospitality in this part be second to none . 34 . hogarth which part would that be , sir ? kent well , you know , uh ... Maine . hogarth I never hear anyone say that about Maine . have you , Mom ? annie hogarth ... kent oh , it 's alright . he 's a bright boy . I like bright boy ... he light he pipe and study hogarth closely . kent ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) so tell I , hogarth . what do you think of all the going - on around here lately ? hogarth play innocent . hogarth going -on ? kent you know , the power plant be destroy and all . annie careful , Mr. mansley ... he 's get a powerful imagination . kent please . call I Kent . I like to be on a first - name basis with first - class chef . Annie smile . hogarth roll he eye . hogarth if it 's alright with everybody , I think I will be excuse now . kent but you have not answer my question , hogarth . Kent lean in toward hogarth menacingly . 35 . kent ( cont ’d ) the powerplant . ( lean closer ) the train . ( even closer ) surely you must have a theory , hogarth . a bright boy like you . surely you must have a inkling -- hogarth ( blurt it out ) there 's a monster out there ! kent what ??? hogarth it 's a hideous creature , five storey tall , and if you go out look for it you will not come back alive ! there 's a moment of stunne silence . then ... kent you're ... kid . annie of course he 's kid . hogarth ( shrug ) I be a kid . that 's what we do . suddenly , a toilet flush upstairs . a puzzle expression come over hogarth 's face , then Annie 's , then Kent 's . kent do you have a guest ? annie no ... hogarth leap from he seat and dash out of the room . Kent raise a eyebrow . Annie look puzzle . int . upstair bathroom hogarth yank open the door , revealing : the giant hand , which crouch on the sink as it unroll a pile of toilet paper into a pile on the floor . 36 . hogarth shut the door behind he , startling the hand , which leap to the floor with a thud ! back to the dinner table Kent and Annie react to the sound , and stare at the ceiling . annie Excuse I . she exit . int . upstair bathroom hogarth labor as he pull the giant hand toward the open window . the hand resist mildly , like a distract child -- int . hallway outside bathroom Annie stand outside the door . she knock . annie hogarth ? be you alright ? int . dine room - continuous Kent turn he attention to the sound come from upstairs . he exit . int . upstair bathroom use he whole body , hogarth try to shove the giant hand out the open window . hogarth ( grunting sound ) int . hallway outside bathroom Kent have join Annie , and the two of they listen together . hogarth ( louder grunting ) kent this sort of thing be why it 's so important to really chew you food ... Annie shoot Kent a disapprove look . 37 . int . upstair bathroom - continuous with a mighty shove , he finally manage to get the hand out the window . hogarth -- rrrrrgggggghhhhh ! the hand land with a terrific crash , hogarth tumble to the ground , and Annie and Kent burst in through the door to reveal -- hogarth ... sheepishly stand there in a large pile of unroll toilet paper . annie good lord , you have be act strange lately . Kent look from hogarth to the open window . in the darkness outside , he seem to see a shadowy figure move in the dark . he turn to Annie , and give she he patent smile . kent do you have a telephone I could use ? int . hogarthas live room - a little later Kent , hunkere into a corner in a attempt at privacy , speak into a telephone in a loud whisper . Kent peer around cautiously , make sure he 's not observe . kent -- let I put it bluntly , sir . I be onto something big in rockwell , Maine . chief ( tired ) what be it this time , Kent ? kent this time -- well , this time it 's a giant , that 's roam around the town destroy thing . chief uh-huh . well , you be sure to file we a report , and we will be sure to process it . 38 . kent excellent , sir . and in the meantime , I would like to call in my team . chief you ... team ? kent my backup , my support squad . half a dozen man be all I need to start ... chief Kent , I know this will come as a shock to you , but we can not just give a team to anyone who ask . kent ( puffing himself up ) forgive my say so , sir , but I be not just anyone , and I have never ask . before . until now . ( there be a long silence ) Sir ? chief you have not really find something , have you ? kent I think I have , sir , yes . chief you think . do you have proof ? kent Sir , I have get a feel about this one , a gut feel ... chief that 's lovely , Kent . but let I try to explain how this work . if you call to tell I you would find , say , a giant footprint , I might send over a expert to make a plaster cast of it . if you see a chief ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) actual giant with you own eye , I might even send you the team you be ask for . heck , you go so far as to get I a photograph , I could probably get the U.S . ( more ) 39 . chief ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) Army over there to rockwell , Maine . but you tell I you have get a feel -- kent ( temper rise ) alright then , fine . you want evidence ? I will get you evidence ... chief ( tire ) that sound swell , Kent . kent and when I do , I be go to want a memo distribute ! and I be go to want that memo carbon copy and -- and re-distribute and -- the Chief hang up . as Kent stand with the phone receiver in he hand , a look of dark determination come over he face . and then we pan up through the ceiling above Kent , into hogarth 's room . hogarth also hold a phone receiver , with one hand cup over the mouthpiece . he look worried . ext . hogarthas house - the next morning Annie say goodbye to hogarth at the front door . annie bye , honey ! have a good day at school . hogarth ( waving ) bye , mom. hogarth pedal he bike away until he 's out of sight of the front house , then zip around the side of the house , ditch he bike and grab a little red wagon . in a quick montage : hogarth pull the wagon around , collect metal . he find some can , a old car muffler , a fall street sign , etc . int . hogarthas barn - a little later hogarth enter and find the giant sleep . hogarth ahem ... 40 . the giant open he eye . he see the wagon full of metal and look delighted . giant ( hungry SOUND ) hogarth it be not easy to fill this wagon . so try to not to eat it all at once - the giant pick the wagon up , and dump its entire content into he mouth . hogarth be speechless . hogarth ( cont ’d ) do you have any idea what it take to find that metal ??? I scour the neighborhood ! I have to ditch school ! I have never do that before , I - - the giant pick up the wagon and eat that too . hogarth sigh and take a seat . hogarth ( cont ’d ) so ... now that we have eat , how shall we spend the rest of we day ? the giant look at he , not understanding . hogarth ( cont ’d ) okay . I will teach you more word . hogarth stand up and point at he house . hogarth ( cont ’d ) that be my " home . " that 's where I come from . my ... ( point at himself ) home ... hogarth point to he house . the giant look at it . giant ( metallic clanking that sound something like " home " ) hogarth right . now where be ... ( point at giant ) ... you home ? the giant 41 . look at hogarth 's house , then follow hogarth 's point hand , and look at himself . then a look of deep sadness come over he face . his shoulder shrug , and he hand turn palm - upward in a puzzle gesture . giant ( puzzle , anguished SOUND ) hogarth you mean ... you do not know where you come from ? giant ( anguished , inarticulate giant sound ) hogarth wow . you poor guy ... now we hear a deep rumbling sound . the giant look down at he stomach hungrily . the giant he point hogarth ( cont ’d ) I know , I know . ( think for a moment ) okay , I know a place where it 's all you can eat . but not until after dark . stare at he , uncomprehend . hogarth ( cont ’d ) let I put it this way . at through the window at the sun . hogarth ( cont 'd ) " Sun . " giant " suuughn . " hogarth when the sun go down ... hogarth mime the sun arcing down the sky to sunset . the he tap on the giant 's iron belly . hogarth ( cont ’d ) feed time . get it ? giant ( comprehending SOUND ) 42 . hogarth good ! hogarth start to leave , then pause and turn back to look at the giant . hogarth ( cont ’d ) you be smarter than you look , be not you ? giant ( puzzle sound ) hogarth ( exite ) never mind . ext . rockwell in a time - lapse , we see the sun arc across the sky and set over picturesque rockwell , Maine . ext . hogarthas barn - night two silhouettes creep into the night -- one small , one enormous . ext . OPEN country - night a way off , hogarth relax . hogarth come on . let 's go ! hogarth start walk . the giant move past he - boom boom boom ! - and with a half dozen stride , be almost out of sight . hogarth ( cont 'd ) stop ! on the horizon , the giant turn , look puzzle : now what ? hogarth ( cont ’d ) not that fast ! sheesh ! come back here ! boom ! boom ! boom ! in two second , the giant stand at hogarth 's side and look down at he , confuse . hogarth ( cont ’d ) pick I up , ok ? 43. the giant do as he 's tell , lower he huge hand to the ground . hogarth climb up on it . the giant carefully raise up he hand , with hogarth on it . hogarth grab onto a finger , and point toward the northwest . hogarth ( cont ’d ) okay , now . March ! hogarth hang on for dear life as the giant quickly accelerate . hogarth look down , and gasp : they be really move ! ext . power plant - night Kent be hunt around the power plant with a flashlight , mutter to himself . kent ( scornful ) " evidence " . I will get you evidence ... he scan the vast expanse of forest with he flashlight , and sag hopelessly . kent ... somewhere ... ext . hill outside rockwell - later hogarth and the giant be march along a back road on the hill outside town . from hogarthas Pov it 's like a magic carpet ride , as the moon - light countryside below sail past he vantage point , fifty foot above the ground . hogarth point at a church steeple . hogarth Church . churrrch . giant churrr - ( crunch ) hogarth yes . people pray there . ( point at another building ) School . can you say that ? schooool ... giant skooo ... 44 , hogarth schooool suuuck ... giant skoooo saauuugz ... hogarth very good . and that 's all you need to know about school . ext . wood Kent have wander some distance from the power plant now . his flashlight beam sweep across the ground . kent nothing . nothing ... just then , he hear a noise behind he . he stop . wheel around -- and the beam of he flashlight catch -- --a moose . huge . enormous antler . look right at he . the moose snort . Kent backpedal , stumble backward into a ditch - kent ( cont ’d ) whooooa ! -- loudly enough to scare off the moose . he get up , dust himself off , shine he flashlight around and discover what he 's stand in be not a ditch at all , but a - - giant footprint , perfectly preserve in a patch of dry mud . Kent gasp . the gasp become a sound of delight . he begin to laugh ... and then a single rain drop fall on head . Kent look up . another drop fall . the laughter cease . ext . wood hogarth be still riding on the giant 's shoulder . rain have begin to drizzle down now . hogarth and that building there be the coffee shop . giant kau -( clang ) shawww ... he raise the giant 45 . hogarth that 's where my mom work . sometimes she have to stay late , to make extra money ' cause ... well , my dad 's away . you know what a " dad " be ? a " father ? " giant " pa-grrr ? " hogarth yeah . it 's like I ... ( point at himself ) only bigger . a hand indicate somone taller . hogarth ( cont ’d ) he use to take I to baseball game . this one time , we bring binocular , and we try to figure out what pitch the catcher be call ! one year we want to go to every home game ! I mean -- we want to ... stop walk and swivel he enormous head to face hogarth . for a moment , they stare at each other in silence , with the rain pour down around they . then hogarth burst out , almost angrily . the giant the giant hogarth ( cont ’d ) aw , what be I even talk to you for ? you can not understand a word I be say ! continue stare . hogarth ( cont ’d ) can you ? speak -- and somewhere within the metal clanging of he voice , there seem to be a note of sympathetic sadness . giant " fa-grrrr . " hogarth sigh , and pat the giant on the side of the head . hogarth well , I guess it 's better than talk to myself . 46 . the giant look pleased by this . they continue on they way . ext . wood Kent , soak to the bone , be sit on the edge of the giant footprint , which have become a soggy , nondescript mess . kent God hate I ... he pull out he pipe , and try to light it , but he soggy match will not strike . kent ( cont ’d ) damnation ! ( shouting heavenward ) can not a guy get a break around here ?!! suddenly the rain let up . Kent look surprised . then pleased . he light he pipe . then turn to heaven again . kent ( cont ’d ) thank you . waaagh ! he do a huge double take as he look up to see the giant 's smile head loom above he . the giant pick up Kent 's metal flashlight , eat it , and in three stride be go from sight , leave the terrify and exhilated Kent behind . under the gianth chin ... ... hogarth peek out , breathe hard . hogarth that can not be good . ext . dean's junkard - night a metal graveyard , sprawling as far as the eye can see . hogarth ( 0.s. ) this be it . the giant 's metal hand set hogarth down into frame . hogarth ( cont ’d ) all you can eat . the giant survey the metal in all direction : moaning happily as he spy a huge stack of car . he select one , and slowly ... carefully ... bite into it ... 47 . giant ( delighted SOUND ) he select another car , pick it up and bite into it like a gourmand taste a fine chocolate . giant ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) mmmm ... he taste another . giant ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) ooooooh ... -- cause the car horn to blast ! hogarth shhhh !! turn it off , turn it off !!! the giant look around nervously , helplessly , beginning to panic . he try shaking it , then sit on it ... but nothing work ; the horn be stuck . hogarth look back toward the house -- at the far end of the junkyard a light go on in a little house . finally , the giant take a monster chomp and snap the car in half . the horn strangle into silence . ext . junkyard house Dean reach the door , open it : a gasping , out - of - breath hogarth stand on he doorstep . Dean study hogarth for a moment . then break into a smile . dean hey , I know you . squirrel boy . hogarth hogarth . dean by night know as hogarth . get it . well , come inside kid . Hell , it 's raining out there , be not it ? int . dean's house Jazz be play on the hi-fi of this distinctly bohemian pad . Dean press a espresso . 48 . hogarth listen , you be not go to call my mom be you ? she do not know I be out . I could get in trouble . dean do not worry , kid . it 's not my style to report a guy to the authority . he bring over two espresso cup and hand one to hogarth . dean ( cont ’d ) espresso for I , bosco for you . but I think you would dig the little cup . hogarth look pleased . hogarth thanks . dean my name 's Dean . I be a nobody . and you be ...? hogarth hogarth . I be ... kind of a nobody , too . dean so what bring you all the way up here , hogarth ? you riding some kind of crazy inspiration ? hogarth I have be riding something alright ... the record finish , and in the silence : loud crunching noise from outside . Dean jump up . dean do you hear that ??? he grab a crowbar , run to the door ; hogarth jump up . hogarth no , wait ! stop ! ext . dean be home - night the door fly open , Dean leap out , yell : 49 , dean who 's out there ?! he hear a metallic gasp . he look up , up , up and see the gargantuan giant , tailpipe stick out of he mouth , freeze , a guilty " catch ! " look on its face . Dean yelp ... dean ( cont 'd ) -- my god ! run kid , run !!!! hogarth ( roll he eye ) it 's ok ...! but the heroic Dean seize hogarth and turn to duck inside -- -- which the giant immediately interpret as a threat and -- --slam he massive hand in front of the door , block it as hogarth try to break free of Dean , to explain -- hogarth ( cont ’d ) the giant be not -- let go ! as the giant grab dean , hoist he high in the air . hogarth ( cont 'd ) don't squash he !! do not sq -- the giant stop -- look down at hogarth , puzzle . hogarth ( cont ’d ) ... squash .... he . good boy . ( beat , heavy sigh , then - ) his name be Dean . we like Dean . Dean good . put he down . the giant Dean . the giant grin at Dean ; he sway , shocked , overwhelm . hogarth Dean , meet a friend of mine . Dean , giant . giant , Dean . the giant grin , and kind of " wave " . Dean stand there , pale , completely overwhelm . hogarth ( cont ’d ) more coffee ...? 50 . ext . deans house - some time later Dean stare , stunne , at the huge , impassive giant . dean so ... where would he come from ? hogarth he do not remember . he 's like a little kid ... dean little. ( mirthless laugh ) yeah . huh . hogarth he need food . and shelter . Dean stare at hogarth in expressionless shock . then slowly stand , pour out he coffee , go inside , lock the door behind he . same shot - 37 minute later the blind have be pull . hogarth stand at the Dean 's front door , plead . hogarth you get plenty of room here ! this place be perfect ! dean ( from inside , muffle ) go away . hogarth I can have he push the door down . you know I can . pause . the door open and there 's Dean , look annoyed . dean hogarth ! I can not hide it here ! hogarth him . not it . him . dean whatever ! you do not even know where he come from ! or what the hell he be ! 51 . hogarth ( stubbornly ) he 's ... my friend . Dean stare at immovable hogarth . behind he , dawn break . dean ( low mutter ) yeah . what be I , be I you friend ? bring some frankenbot with out of state plate over here and make I change my tune ... do not like that jazz ... God , I be tired ... Dean give up , stand , wear - out , exhaust . hogarth so ! he can stay ?! dean tonight . tomorrow , I do not know ... ( wander inside , mutter ) ... figure something out .... Dean stumble toward he home . hogarth grin , and look at the now-tire giant , yawning . hogarth let 's get you tuck in .... ext . dean's junkyard - night hogarth smile to himself , as he watch the giant sleep , now cover with a layer of junk , a camouflage - comforter . and then he hear a beeping noise . hogarth look up and see a army plane , fly towards he . the beeping get louder . hogarth realize it 's come from the giant . suddenly : whir , a panel on the giant 's arm slide open . a strange device pop out and start tracking the plane overhead . hogarth panic : as the plane come nearer the beeping become more insistent , the strange device track the plane : it look very retro-advanced and scary . the giant start moaning , thrashing in he sleep as if catch in a bad dream . suddenly he wake up and ka-chuk !-- the device withdraw . the plane disappear over the tree . hogarth look at the giant , stunne . the giant , unaware , look at hogarth , puzzle . 52 . hogarth it 's okay . go back to sleep . it be just a bad dream . the giant nod , comfort , and drop off into sleep . hogarth walk away , deeply troubled . int . hogarthas house hogarth creep upstairs to he room , pull back the cover , and be just about to dive in ... when Annie enter ; spy hogarth up and dress . annie you be up already ? hogarth tiredly replace the bedcover . hogarth ... just make the bed .... annie that 's nice . come downstairs . I have a surprise for you ... int . hogarthas house live room - live room a exhaust hogarth shuffles downstairs , and into the kitchen . int . kitchen he sit down sleepily at the breakfast table and then gasp : sit across from he , read the paper and look quite at home in a fatherly way be -- hogarth Kent ...? kent Morning , sport . sleep well ? he feel Kent 's know eye boring into he . hogarth moooooooom ! Annie appear , carry a plate of waffle . she set a plate down and lean in towards hogarth , beam . annie be not it wonderful , hogarth ? we finally get a border ! 53 . hogarth ( panicked ) oh no ... Kent look at he watch . kent you know , I mean to wake up bright and early this morning . but from the look of that waffle , I be still in bed dream ! annie oh , Mr. mansley -- ( Kent wag a finger ) -- kent Kent and Annie share a meaningful look . hogarth look ill . hogarth uh ... I be not very hungry . he exit . Kent watch he go , then pick up the fork that hogarth be hold , and surreptitiously drop it ina little plastic evidence bag . int . coffee shop - day hogarth stroll in and take a seat at the counter next toa man read a newspaper . a bored waitress approach . hogarth chocolate malt , please . ( she exit ) I have never be in here . Mom say the coffee 's weak and they put meat extender in the hamburger . man behind newspaper it be not the diner , sparky . but it 's more private . the man lower the paper to reveal he face . it 's Dean . he glance around cautiously to make sure they be not be watch . dean so. you friend 's get quite a appetite . hogarth yeah . when I find he , he be try to eat the power station . 54 . dean so where do he come from ? hogarth ( shrug ) he do not know . dean you can talk to he ??? hogarth kinda . he can not say a lot of word yet , but he understand thing pretty good . dean I wonder if he have something to do with the meteorite that splash down here the other day . then again , maybe he be the meteorite ... hogarth that 's what I be think ! he come from outer space !! dean maybe . or maybe he be launch into space from earth . hogarth hey , maybe the commy make he ! you know , in one of they secret lab . dean or maybe we build he in one of ours . we government have secret , too you know . hogarth ( get into it ) or maybe he come from underground , you know ? like , he 's this undiscovered species , that evolve from mineral or something , while we be evolve out of monkey . dean maybe , kid . and then , again , maybe the monkey evolve from we . Dean laugh and put he hand behind he head , and strike a philosophical pose . 55 . hogarth I wish we know why he be here . dean hey , I wish I know why I be here . hogarth put he hand behind he head and strike a philosophical pose , too . he seem to be enjoy the adult conversation . hogarth yeah . dean I mean if you think about it , nobody really know where they come from , why they be here , or where they be go . we believe . we hope . but we do not know . hogarth right , right ... dean and some cat , that scare them , you know ? hogarth you be tell I . dean they race around , play the game , chase money , chase power ... hogarth just so they will not have to wonder what life 's all about . dean exactly . ( beat , suddenly impressed ) hey ... Dean lift he coffee cup , salute hogarth . they sit in silence for a moment , happily contemplate the universe . int . dark laboratory as Kent look on , a agent in a lab coat study a spoon -- now dust with white powder -- under a microscope . 56 . after a moment , he look up , and gesture at the bb -gun , also dust with powder , which lie on the table nearby . the agent turn to the man in shadow stand over he . lab -coat agent it 's the same fingerprint . a match be strike . we follow it up to the man 's pipe , already in he mouth . as the match flare it light up Kent 's face . he smile diabolically . int . coffee shop - day hogarth contentedly slurp the last of he malt through a plastic straw . Dean work on a slab of apple pie . hogarth hey , Dean ? dean yeah ? hogarth what be life all about ? for you , I mean . dean for I ? well ... ( shrug ) I guess I would like to prove there 's something pure in I , you know ? they say the soul be part angel and part monster . sometimes I think life be a chance to set the angel free . hogarth the giant look like a monster . but inside he 's good . I can tell . dean I hope you be right , kid . the world could use a angel that size . hogarth you will not tell anybody about he , will you ? dean Nah . he 's a outsider . I have gota soft spot for outsider . 57 . ext . hogarthas house - day hogarth come riding home on he bike . he park it at the side of the house , and start to go inside , then hesitates . he hold out a hand , and feel a drop of rain , look up at the cloud ... then take he bike and wheel it toward the barn instead . ext . barn - day hogarth open the barn door , and gasp . hogarthas Pov : Kent and the labcoat agent sit at a small , improvise lab table . nearby be four other agent in suit and tie ; study map , monitoring listen equipment , generate artist conception of the giant . they look up , aghast . hogarth moooom ! int . kitchen - a little later Kent and the agent sit stoically at the breakfast table . Annie stand face they with fold arm . hogarth stand nearby , scowling . annie so you work for the government ? kent that 's right . a long pause ... annie we government ? kent of course . Annie , please , let I explain . every once in a while thing happen to people that just can not be rationalize ina conventional way . the unexplain phenomena Department be create to respond to the bizarre , the strange , the - - well , unexplainable event that happen every day all across this great land . from the mountain to the prairy , to the ocean -- 58 . annie ( interrupt ) do you actually work in Washington ? kent yes indeed . Washington d.c... as Kent begin to wax on about he work , we CUT to : flashback : WASHINGTON D.C. - morning Kent stride briskly through the crisp morning air , make he way through many equally ambitous go - getter on they way to do the nation work . familiar Washington monument fill the background . kent ( v.o. , cont 'd ) ... if you be of a mind to be a mover and a shaker , it 's the only place to be . flashback : government build - lobby - continuous Kent enter a impressive government building . while most of the workforce head up the massive marble stair , Kent head down the narrow stair off to the side . kent ( v.o. , cont 'd ) a place where a individual with pluck and ambition can really get ahead ... flashback : government build sublevel - narrow hallway Kent walk down the endless row of identical door , stop in front of one label " unexplained phenomena dept . " Kent unlock the door and enter a sparse , windowless office not much larger than the desk in the center of it . kent ( v.o. , cont 'd ) ... safe in the knowledge that the vast resource of the U.S. government be at one disposal . flashback : kenta office Kent sit idly at he desk , evenly space a row of sharpen pencil across the desktop . clearly there 's no action here . 59 . kent ( v.o. , cont 'd ) although we be simply inundate with call , we limit ourselves to only the most demand case . it 's a challenge , I will not deny it . the phone finally ring and Kent seize it hungrily ... flashback : appalachian mountain - day a couple of slack - jaw yokel gape as Kent pull a large deflate baloon down from a tree , " U.S. weather service " stencile on its side . Kent display it to they , glaring . they grin sheepishly . kent ( v.o. , cont 'd ) I could tell you many strange storey , but unfortunately , all of they be classified . resume anniee kitchen - kent & company Kent lean back in he chair , he story tell . kent I hope that help to calm some of you worry , Annie . and you , too , hogarth . hogarth ? the Agents all look around . hogarth be nowhere to be see . kent ( cont ’d ) you be suppose to be watch he ! the Agents hustle out of the room . kent ( cont ’d ) ( then smile , to Annie ) for he own good , of course . ext . enormous gate of iron - day hogarth open the blast door ! the massive gate open : hogarth , wear a space helmet and carry a plastic ray gun , walk through . widen to reveal : the gate be actually the giant 's two hand . hogarth ( cont 'd ) level two . Commander thruster to base ... I have find the escape vehicle . 60 . the giant 's hand take he up , up ... to a junk car atop a big junk pile . hogarth climb in , grab the wheel . hogarth ( cont 'd ) Main engine : 1 , 2 , and 3 ! blast off ! the giant grab the car and " fly " it around . angle on - dean's house Dean sit on he porch , watch . back to - the giant hogarth 's face compress from the G-forces . he look green . hogarth we be landing ... we be landing ! from he porch Dean watch , grin . the car " land " , hogarth stumble out , dizzy . the giant chortle . hogarth ( cont 'd ) only one creature could create such destruction . the hideous , man - eat kill machine ... robotron ! hogarth wait . the giant just stand there , stare at he . hogarth ( cont ’d ) ( impatienly ) robotron ... giant roarrrr .... hogarth no , no , no . bigger ...! giant rooaarrrr ! ! 1 !!! hogarth good ! okay , robotron ... take this !!! he whip he toy gun out , aim it at the giant and pull the trigger . it whine and spark . suddenly the giant freeze . his eye lock on the gun , and a reddish glow come into he eye . 61 . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) when I zap you , you be suppose to fall down . remember ? like I tell you ... with he eye still glow , the giant reach out both hand , zombie-like , towards hogarth . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) hey ... the hand begin close around hogarth , who be beginning to panic . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) wait a minute ! it 's I , hogarth ... he see that the giant be stare at he gun , and quickly slip it behind he back . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) you friend ! the giant freeze . the red fade from he eye . then he look at he hand which be close threateningly around hogarth . giant ( gasp of SHOCK ) hogarth ( cont would ) hey , it 's okay . I know you do not mean it . but , uh , maybe that 's enough play for now . hogarth get up and head for Dean 's house . as he turn away from the giant , we see that he wear a look of deep concern . ext . dean's house hogarth take a seat on the porch beside Dean , who be scan the hill with binocular . dean you be sure you be not follow ? hogarth yeah . it 's not too hard to lose that guy . dean do not get cocky . even guy in suit can learn . 62 . hogarth why do they want to get he , anyway ? just because he 's different ? dean that 's generally all it take . hogarth they do not even know he , and they just assume he 's dangerous . they stare out at the giant , as he open a car hood , pluck out the engine , eat it , and throw away the " shell . " the giant dean yeah . I just hope they be wrong . hogarth ( suspicious ) what do you mean ? dean look , I see what happen out there just now . when you draw a gun on he , he get a look in he eye ... hogarth it 's not he fault ! he can not help it . dean that 's what worry I . we do not know what he 's capable of . on the surface he may be gentle , but on the inside he could be a killer . look up curiously . hogarth shush Dean . hogarth ( whisper ) do not use that word around he ! dean why not ? hogarth because he care . I can not explain it , but ... he care about what he be . he 's get so he can understand all kind of stuff now . if he hear you use that word around he ... 63 . dean okay , okay . I be just say , be careful . ( pause ) so ... have we get a plan here ? I mean , he can not stay here forever . hogarth ( sadly ) I know ... dean the longer he stay , the better they chance of find he . we have get to get he out of here , hogarth . hogarth how ? he 's a little too big to smuggle out in a suitcase . dean we could do it in piece . hogarth you mean take he apart ? dean you think he would go for that ? I have get a junk -truck -- I be always haul scrap . in half a dozen trip , we could get he to Canada . there be place in the yukon , old mining site , no one around , plenty of metal . he could roam the earth and live off the land ... sound pretty good , actually . hogarth think about it . hogarth when ? dean the sooner the better . tonight if possible . hogarth tonight ??? but I only just meet he a couple day ago ! ( plead ) at least wait until tomorrow ... 64 . Dean look at the giant , loung peacefully in the junkyard . dean alright , I guess one more day will not make a difference . int . hogarthas bedroom - night r&b ; blare : Little Richard . hogarth draw picture of the giant , they be good . he hide the picture from view , carefully cover they with a book before exiting the room . int . kitchen hogarth sharpen some pencil with the sharpener mount on the inside of the broom closet . int . hogarthas bedroom hogarth return , go to he desk , stop stunne : the giant drawing be uncover . eye wide , hogarth look around he room : everything look slightly askew , as if it 's be ... searched . hogarth 's neck -hair tingles . he stare at the he bedroom door , slowly pull it toward he ... revealing : kent stand behind it ... smile . kent surprise . hogarth Kent . what be you do in my room ? he hold up a 45 rpm record , still in its sleeve . kent just be friendly . and all that that imply . I know how you kid like rocky roll , so - he go to the phonograph , and put it on the platter ... hogarth Pat boone ...? kent yeah , baby . it 's get that jungle rhythm , but you can understand the word ... 65 . hogarth uh .... thanks . Kent start to undulate awkwardly to the music ... kent come on , hogarth . let 's do the happy monkey . you know the one I mean ... hogarth edge toward the door , Kent follow , still dance ... kent ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) Friends , hogarth , that 's what we ought to be . but friend do not keep secret from each other . hogarth I do not know what you be talk about ... kent you do not . well , let I tell you a little story . you mom say you like them . Kent step in front of the doorway , he smile now chill . kent ( cont ’d ) once there be a boy who walk into a forest . he want to take a picture of a metal - eat giant -- but lo and behold , the giant eat he camera alllll up !! hogarth look baffle . hogarth how do you -- ? kent because in the process , the giant snap a picture of himself . ( hold up a roll of film ) and the little boy bring the film home . hogarth lunge for the roll of film . hogarth give it back ! 66 . Kent dangle the film over hogarth 's head for a moment , then drop it into hogarth 's hand . hogarth look at it . hogarth ( cont ’d ) empty ... Kent slip a black - and - white photo from he coat , and hand it to hogarth . it show the giant 's face , its mouth wide open . kent the Army arrive in twenty - four hour , hogarth . just think you would like to know . Kent dance out of the room . hogarth stare , helpless . int . hogarthas house - live room - night Kent puff on he pipe , as Annie knit . hogarth sit ina chair study they . Kent break the silence . kent well , be not this a fine way to spend a evening ? we be like one big happy family ... hogarth look up , stare darkly at Kent . hogarth you be not family . and when my dad find out you sit in he chair , he will hunt you down like a dog -- annie hogarth ! Kent turn to Annie . he make a half - heart gesture of get out of he chair . kent ( start to rise ) I be sorry , should I ...? annie no , no , do not get up . my husband -- hogarth 's father -- he 's ... he be a Air Force Pilot in Korea . a casualty . hogarth he 's come back . 67 . ignoring hogarth , Kent put on a look of deep sympathy , and turn to Annie . kent I be so sorry . hogarth no you be not ! annie hogarth ! hogarth but , Mom , this guy do not care about anything -- cat like he race around , play the game , chase money , chase power ... but he keep butter you up so you will not see that ! annie hogarth , that be enough ! I think you owe we guest a apology . kent ( chuckle ) oh , now , there 's no need for that . hogarth be right in a way . I be certainly ambitious . yes ... ( look pointedly at Annie ) ambitious , career -mind , stable -- hogarth he 's do it again ! Kent give hogarth a patronize smile . kent hogarth . I would have think a good american boy like yourself would have more respect for the work I do . the world have become a dangerous place , you know . the balance of power be delicate . I gather information . and the side that have the information be the side that will win . hogarth fix he eye on Kent with a intensity that 's unnerve . 68. hogarth they say the soul be part angel and part monster . one look at you and I know the monster be gonna win . annie that 's it . you either apologize or go right up to bed right now ! hogarth throw up he hand and march out of the room . annie ( cont 'd ) honestly , I do not know where he 's get this wild idea . he 's start to talk like that beatnik ... kent beatnik ...? int . hogarthas bedroom - night hogarth be in bed , the light be out . Annie appear in he doorway , silhouett by the light in the hall . she linger for a moment , thoughtful ... she exit . annie have you be out at the junkyard , hogarth ? hogarth ( after a long pause ) which junkyard ? annie the only junkyard . Dean 's junkyard . hogarth ( another pause ) if I have ... would you be mad at I ? annie no ... ( more quietly ) +..no . ( sad smile ) tell he " hi " for I . hogarth stare at the ceiling ... and sigh . 69 . ext . town - next day a convoy of Army vehicle be pour into town . Kent watch they enter , euphoric . he glance at he watch , and remember a appointment , rush off . int . coffee shop - day a Army General sit at a booth , study a map . Kent sit across from he , positively glow with pride . general Hills , valley , wood , ravine . lot of place to hide , around here . kent yes , it 's remarkable be not it , sir ? Kent look around at the various coffee - shop busybody , and speak loudly , for they benefit . kent ( cont 'd ) that one man , work alone , could have single - handedly find a monster in a place like this ? the busybody coo and murmum amongst themselves . general ( still study map ) hard to know where to start , really ... kent well , sir , perhaps I can be of some help in that regard . you see , I have have my eye on a odd little boy who seem to be connect to the creature in question . and I have reason to believe he 's be spend some time at a local scarpyard . from behind the counter , Annie look sharply at Kent , finally understanding he attention . general can you take I there ? kent but of course , sir . ( loudly , for the busybody ) ( more ) 70 . kent ( cont 'd ) when a five -star general need my help , I be only too eager to oblige . Annie come by and refill they coffee . annie I be the mother of that " odd " little boy . kent ( uncomfortable ) oh yes , ahem . annie and if you be go up to the junkyard , I be come along . int . dean's studio - day Dean be welding a sculpture of a hood executioner . instead of a axe , the executioner wield a flag -- part Hammer and sickle , part star and stripe . there 's a knock at he door . dean come in . in walk the General and Kent follow by a few soldier . Annie come in last . Dean take off he welding goggle , and study all the uniform . dean ( cont ’d ) I assume you be here for the lenny Bruce album . kent watch the wise crack , beatnik . we represent America . dean we all represent America , man . general Sir , my name be General Shannon rogard . we have reason to believe you be harbor a large ... ( find this hard to swallow ) +.. creature whose interest run counter to that of the United States . do you deny it ? 71 . dean ( shrug ) hey , man , if a cat need to flop , my pad spring eternal . the General and the Soldiers exchange puzzle glance . one of they lean towards the General and speak in hushed tone . soldier as I understand it , sir , a " cat " be a member of the counter - culture . general what rank ? soldier well ... as the General and the Soldiers continue to confer , Annie step forward and speak to Dean . Annie and cool . annie be hogarth here ? be he alright ? this people say he may be in some kind of trouble . dean he 's not here , Annie . but he be alright . ( then , gently ) believe I , I would never let anything happen to that little guy . Dean share a look . Kent see this and lose he kent alright , I have have enough ! he turn to the soldier . kent ( cont 'd ) you and you ! start rummage around ! tip some table over ! kick open door ! break stuff ! you know the drill ! Kent clap he hand . the soldier do not move . dean ( to Kent ) we all hear you yacking , daddy - of , but no one 's listen . 72 . Kent seethes . kent ( under he breath ) not yet . not yet . Annie look from one to the other , compare . int . wood - day the giant stroll through the forest , with hogarth on he shoulder . hogarth I know this be hard for you to understand , but ... well , it might be a real long time before we get to hang out like this again . the giant be oblivious to anything but the beauty of the day . he turn he face up towards the sun as it ours through the tree . bird be sing . all be peaceful . giant ( contented SOUND ) hogarth yeah , it be beautiful , be not it ? through a patch in the tree , they spot a deer . giant ( curious SOUND ) hogarth it 's a deer . " deeeer . " giant deeeer ... the giant take a step towards it . it dart away . hogarth point . hogarth that way ! full of childlike curiosity , the giant follow , and a game of hide and seek begin . hogarth laugh happily , as they dart in and out of the tree . at last he find the deer graze in a clear . the giant be fascinated . hogarth ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) shhhhh ... let 's get closer ... 73 . the giant try to sneak nearer , lean on a pair of tall tree , which begin to teeter . he grab one , and as he quietly push it back into place ... the other crash to the ground . the treetop land near the deer , who bolt away from it and directly toward the giant -- almost into the giant 's foot . the deer stop , puzzle by the strange metal obstacle . he look up ... right to the giant 's face . the giant smile -- -- which spook the deer , who dart off in the other direction . the giant reach out and catch it , in one huge hand , like a kid trapping a butterfly . hogarth ( cont ’d ) you catch it ! the giant laugh and open he hand . the deer lie motionless . the giant and hogarth look stunne . the giant tenderly lay the deer down on the ground , kneel , and nudge the deer with a big finger . nothing . it do not move . hogarth ( cont ’d ) it 's ... dead . giant deh ...? there be a long silence . the giant nudge the deer again . hogarth ( suddenly vehement ) do not do that ! it 's dead . okay ?? that mean it 's not go to move ! it 's go ! and it 's not come back , understand ?? ( softly , tear flow ) it 's not ever go to come back ... it begin to snow , softly . from high above , through the tree , the boy and the giant stare down at the lifeless deer . they bow they head in sorrow . ext . junkyard - later the snow fall harder now . the depressed giant sit ona hillside , snow pile up on he motionless bulk , stare out into the forest . Dean and hogarth watch he , worried . 74 . dean this be bad . this be very bad . the Army 's on it 's way . we have get to get he out of here ! hogarth he do not know how to think about it . dean you have get talk to he . you have get to get through to he . hogarth I ? I do not know about this stuff ... dean you know as much as anyone do , kid . and he trust you . speak from you heart . it 's the only chance we have get . hogarth look at the giant . hogarth alright . I will try . he walk over to the giant , climb up he leg , and sit on he knee . the giant turn and look at hogarth , with weary eye . hogarth sigh . hogarth ( cont ’d ) it be not you fault . no response from the giant . hogarth ( cont ’d ) thing die . it 's part of life . hogarth reach for the overhange branch of a nearby tree and pick two leave -- a brown on and a green one . he hold up the green leaf . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) life ... he hold up the brown leaf . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) .».. and death ... he gesture at the forest around he . 75 . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) ... they be part of the way thing be . he point at the giant and shake he head . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) you do not make it that way . do you understand ? it 's not you fault . the giant gaze at hogarth for a beat , then take the leave from the boy 's hand and study they . hogarth hop down and stand by Dean . dean what 's he do ? hogarth he 's think . it 's not a easy thing to understand . Dean look at hogarth with empathy . int . the army' temporary command CENTER - day Kent be on the phone with the chief . he 's visably pale . ( intercut the follow with the chief in Washington , d.c . ) kent but Sir ... you be make a big mistake ! we be close ... I have a real gut fee -- chief ( cutting he off ) mansley , if I hear about you gut feeling one more time I be go to vomit through the phone line !! the press have get ahold of this thing and now I be a laugh stock for spend tax dollar on you idiotic plan ! I be pull that troops out this minute ! before my career be as dead as yours !! the Chief slam the receiver down so hard , it hurt Kent 's hand in Maine . ext . dean's junkyard - day the giant still ponder . just then , a pair of Army plane come into view . we hear a beep sound . 76 . hogarth oh no ... dean what be it ? the panel on the giant 's arm slide open , and the strange tracking device pop out again . hogarth I be go to tell you ... the giant look confuse as another panel open , and what appear to be a rocket launcher poke out , tracking the plane . as they pass , the weapon recede and the panel close . the giant look distress . dean good God , hogarth he 's armed ??! how could you keep this from I ? hogarth would you have let he stay ? dean no! hogarth that 's why . dean oh , man . oh man , hogarth ! this be serious ! what be we do ?? he 's not some lose puppy ... he 's a weapon ! ! Dean be point at the giant now . hogarth see the giant watch Dean with eye wide . hogarth Dean , shh -- dean he 's a machine , hogarth ! he be make , design -- to kill ! the giant stand up . he look at himself , and then at Dean . and then , with a terrible roar , he run away . Dean and hogarth share a look of panic . dean ( cont ’d ) this be bad . 77 . hogarth we gotta find he ! dean come on ! they run for he house . ext . rockwell - same time Kent watch in despair as the army pull out of rockwell , take he credibility , and hope for the future , with they . ext . countryside - day the giant wander through the fall snow , deeply disturb and depressed , not know , or caring , where he 's go . int . dean's garage he wheel a motorcycle out . hogarth jump in the sidecar . ext . the deep wood - day the giant blindly march on , agitate , grieve . ext . dean's motorcycle - moving - day Dean and hogarth speed into the drive snow , follow the giant 's quickly fill footprint . dean he 's head right toward town . ext . the outskirt of town - evening filling the screen : a woman scream . loud . reverse : the giant peer down at a tiny woman , she tiny scream barely hear from he viewpoint . he wave meekly . back to : the woman scream ... run in , slam the door . the giant wonder ... he look behind he , be something back there ...? nope .... he shrug . he wander on , the street largely desert , the snow fall heavily . looking in a second - story window a toddler watch a tv monster movie . bore , he look out the window ... and see a real monster . he blink , be not sure whether to be scared or not . 78 . the giant see the kid stare at he . the giant smile , and wave . the kid grin , wave back . the kid hollers , in silence . two older kide join he at the window , look out , see a wave giant . they look stunne , and wave back . one yell a silent " mom ! " . mom appear at the window . the giant wave . she turn white , scream silently , yank down the window shade . the giant blink , disturb . bow-wow -wow ! he look down : a tiny terrier bark ferociously at he , then nip at he foot ... and yelp in pain . giant rock . the giant reach down for the terrier : it yipe and run away . the giant look disappointed . he look up : nearby , several villager stand in the fall snow , stare up at he . he wave . the villager run inside , slam they door . the giant moan , depressed . with dean and hogarth - moving in the snow , Dean drive flat -out . in the side - car , hogarth hang on for dear life . they blow past -- kent ... go the other way . Kent slam on he break , he suspicion arouse , and hang a u-turn , almost collide with the last of the troops . they truck screech to a stop . Kent jump out , wave he arm as he run up to the driver . kent stop ! I know this will sound crazy , but -- the middle of town a scene out of a 50' horror movie : a dozen villager run scream from a huge giant behind they .... but this giant just stand there , he shoulder droop , heartsick . he realize that everyone be terrify of he ... and he do not understand why . if the Iron giant could cry , he would . 79 . siren sound in the distance , get closer . the giant turn around and head back out of town , toward the junkyard and home . shreeeeek ! right in front of he , a woman scream , she hand fly up ... release she baby carriage which roll right up against the giant 's foot . the giant look down ... see a infant inside . the baby ccoos and wave at the giant , who grin and wave back . at last , a friendly face ! two police car screech up , two cop leap out and fumble out they gun . the mother scream . mother it 's get my baby ! the cop stare , stunne , at the giant tower over the baby . one cop radios for help . Annie exit the diner , see the scene , join the crowd , terrify , watch : the giant seem to be ... make face at the baby . the fascinate giant chortle and lean way down to look closer at the giggling infant : which look threaten to onlooker . the mother scream . mother ( cont 'd ) shoot it ! alarm , the cop raise they gun . Dean and hogarth screech up on Dean 's motorcycle .... hogarth no ! the cop FIRE . the bullet bounce off the giant 's side . the giant turn : what be that ? his eye zero in on the cop 's gun -- and turn bright red . with a heavy machinery whirr ... a futuristic weapon spring up out of the giant 's right arm , which he instinctively swing toward the police car . cop and soldier leap aside as a GREEN ray shoot and -- ka-thoooooom ! -- the police car explode in a unearthly blast that send a blue fireball roiling into the sky . the giant 's arm jerk round , catch the helpless cop and soldier in its cross - hair ... 80 . ... but the giant 's eye suddenly clear : alarmed , he knock he arm aside before it fire : ka- thoooooom ! the ray rip through the air , destroy a grove of tree on the far side of town . the giant recoil , horrify by he own destructive power . he force the gun back into he arm and rush away , vanish into the night . Dean and hogarth exchange glance . they turn to go and --- -- run straight into kent and a group of soldier . they have see the whole thing , and Kent have never look more smug . kent ( to soldier ) seize they . the soldier do as they be tell , grab Dean and hogarth . hogarth hey ! get you hand off ! let go of I ! you be hurt I ! help !! as they pass through frame we see that kent be hold a microphone , and recording hogarth 's protestation on a tape recorder . he smile . ext . forest - dusk the giant hide , anxious and watchful . then he hear a distant sound echoing through the tree , a voice ... hogarth let go of I ! you be hurt I ! help !! that 's all the giant need to hear . he 's off ... move swiftly through the dark forest in the sound direction . ext . rockwell - dusk the giant move to the edge of the forest , and pause distrustfully . the town be oddly still . hogarth 's voice can still be hear call for help . then the giant spy -- hogarth -- gag and tie to the top of a radio tower on the roof of the five story Cross building , the tallest in rockwell . he squirm . the moment the giant start to move toward the building the Army ( camouflage ) open FIRE . 81 . suddenly the giant be be hit from all side ( rifle , machine gun , bazookas ) : armor ( which we have not see before ) slide out of he body and lock into a cover around he . a stray shot take out of chunk of the base of the tower that hogarth be tie to , and it start to topple . the giant sees this and rush directly into the line of fire to shield hogarth from be crush by the tower . the giant pull the tower loose , slide hogarth into he metal hand . general he 's get the boy !! hold you FIRE ! kent it 's kill the boy !! do not let it get away !! a wall of artillery close the entrance to town ... and begin to fire away at giant . the giant look toward the sea - - but see armed ship out there , they gun point toward land . once again , various weapon begin to pop out of the giant 's arm . he press they back in . he turn , and run straight at the wall of artillery . and jump over it . everyone stare gape-jaw , then quickly try to swivel they gun in the opposite direction . but the giant be already gone . the general call to the AIR force . general this be General rogard ! code red ! repeat -- code red ! countryside - moving with the giant the giant , carry hogarth , hustle through the snow , slip occassionally , but move with surprising swiftness . behind they , jet fighter appear on the far horizon . and in a moment they be on top of they ... strafing the ground with machine gun fire , launching rocket , etc ... the giant burst through the tree , and suddenly find himself on a two - lane highway - - about to step on car and the terrify people drive they ! 82 . the giant sidestep to avoid they , lose he balance at full run and slamming into the snowy ground -- sliding thunderously for the better part of a mile , and cut a very large swath through whatever happen to be in the way . ext . rockwell STREET - day Annie struggle with two Agents , who hustle she into a car . annie let I go ! I have to get to my son ! what be go on ? agent # 1 I be afraid that 's classified , mar 'am . annie classify ? what do you mean ? she try the door . it will not open . she pound on the window . annie open this door ! hey ! and then she notice that she 's not alone in the car . beside she be Dean , who sit with he head in he hand . ext . countryside the giant try to swat at the fighter plane as they fly overhead , but they be just out of he reach . he grab a fall tree , swinging it like a club , clipping off most of one fighter ' wing . the pilot eject just before the jet plow into the earth , burst into a fireball . more and more fighter appear -- too many -- blasting away at the giant . he veer toward a high cliff -- and jump --- --into the sea underwater - continuous imagine a five story building smash into the sea and you might conjure the explosion of bubbles cause by the giant ... only moment before the fighter swoop the water surface , strafing it with machine gun fire . the bullet pull - up short , impotently . the giant feel safe . then he look to he hand -- hogarth be drown . the giant be stick ; he can not surface because of the jet , but he can not let hogarth drow . 83 . he reach up with he other hand , cupping it above the water surface , and pull it down below , allow hogarth to breathe in the pocket of air . just then -- a sub catch the giant in they sight . they launch torpedoe . the giant dodge they , but they explode into the base of the cliff not far away -- cause a avalanche of rock to splash into the ocean-- which the giant have to dodge while still hold hogarth in he pocket of air . more ship appear and they launch depth charge , which explode around the flee giant , convincing he he would best take he chance above water . int . agent car Annie stare out the window . Dean slump in he seat . dean it 's my fault . I should have do something ... something different ... annie I know the feel . dean I just think the kid could use a friend . annie you be right , Dean . you be right . the cliff with great difficulty , the Iron giant climb the rocky , crumble cliff face one - hand as the military keep the heat on . finally , unable to find purchase on the cliff face , the giant stay on a small outcropping , turn to face the onslaught . military helicopter descend into view , shine blindingly bright spotlight on the giant , who be now show a lot of wear and tear . weapon break out like hive all over the giant 's body ; it 's clear that the Army be about to get the worst end of the deal . 84 . close - the gianth face something change in the giant ; he will the weapon to retreat back into he body , and -- haltingly - - they do . inside chopper the pilot train he weapon on the giant and shout into he radio . pilot we have he in we sight sir ! ext . town STREET Kent be rabid . kent ( to General ) what be you wait for ?? FIRE !! the cliff face the giant turn -- but he 's surround . it look bad . then ... ... a low rumbling SOUND begins ... and build to a roar ... hogarth what 's happen ...? the giant ( puzzle SOUND ) both look down ; the giant 's foot begin to flame like rocket as he blast off into the night sky ! ext . the giant flying through the AIR - night the giant and hogarth be flying ... kind of . they blast along , out of control , the giant 's arm flail . hogarth steer that way ! the giant ( more puzzle sound ) hogarth I do not know !! Point you arm , maybe - - like superman ! the giant do as he 's tell ... and they fly ( more or less ) in that direction . the giant grin . 85 . hogarth ok ! now land ! ( giant look blank ) uh ... drop you arm ! the giant lower he arm to he side ... and the rocket sputter out . the two plummet to the ground . ka - thump ! ext . the wood - day hogarth and the giant , daze from they " landing " , collect they wit . and here come the spotter plane . ext . cliff - day hogarth and the giant stand together , and watch the Army close in . hogarth it 's no good . there 's too many of they . we will never get away . he sit down in despair . the giant sit down too . hogarth ( cont ’d ) they be go to take you away , giant . there 's nothing we can do . for a long moment they sit in silence . finally the giant speak . giant rock . hogarth ( look up ) huh ? giant roooock . treeee ... hogarth smile . hogarth yeah . remember when I teach you that ? giant churrrrch . skoooo saauuugz . hogarth ( laugh ) that be a great night , too . 86 . giant ( quietly ) faa-grrrr ... hogarth yeah ... giant deeer . hogarth ( tearfully ) I know . we have be through a lot together , have not we ? he put he hand in the giant 's hand . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) I be go to miss you so much . submarine periscope Pov through a long periscope lens , as the sub round the point , we see the cliff and the giant come into view . int . submarine the first mate look up from the periscope -- first mate I have get a visual on the monster , sir ! captain do we have a clear shot ? first mate not yet , sir . captain get closer ! do not surface until the last minute ! int . naval cruiser - bridge - same time spotter monster sighted off the port bow ! captain we will only get one shot !! full speed ahead ! 87 . underwater - the BAY - continuous the sub begin to rise to the surface , unaware that the cruiser be speed toward the same position . the cruiser swerve to avoid collision , but it 's too late ; the cruiser clip the submarine aft , cause a fatal breach that split the sub . inside the sub chaos ! the ocean rush in , as electricity arc up the severe wiring of the sub 's missle system . it fire --!! ext . rockwell - MAIN STREET - continuous three polaris missile break the water surface , one of which sport a large gash in its side , its circuitry sparking ; clearly malfunction . they second stage rocket fire , cause several cluster of townsfolk to turn to watch , mouth agape , as the missile climb up into the night sky . ext . cliff - day hogarth and the giant watch the missile streak into the sky . hogarth what 's happen -- ? hogarth look out at the sea . on the deck of one of the warship , he can see people panic . hogarth ( cont ’d ) there must be some mistake . he look up at the sky again . a look of fear come over he . he begin to pace . hogarth ( cont ’d ) oh no ... oh no ... in he voice be a note of desperation we have never hear before . the giant seem to notice . he look at hogarth puzzle , try to understand . hogarth point at the sky . hogarth ( cont ’d ) the missile . missile ! they be nuclear . nu-cle-ar . when they come down ... he mime a missile come down and explode . 88 . hogarth ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) death ... the giant react . hogarth gesture at the town around he . hogarth ( cont ’d ) ... everything ... the giant look at the sky , then at the town , and after a moment , back at hogarth . he pick up two leave , one green and one brown . he give hogarth the green leaf , keep the brown one for himself . hogarth ( cont ’d ) what ? what do you mean ? I do not understand ! the giant look at hogarth , gently touch the side of he face with a massive finger . and with that , the giant blast off into the sky . hogarth look at he leaf again , anda look of dawn comprehension come over he ext . space - upper atmosphere over eastern U.S. coast the giant blast along at full power to catch up . his radar tracking , the giant spot the missile . suddenly two of the missle ' rocket fire , send they off toward separate target on the earth 's surface ... ... while the damaged missle just fizzle , and slowly start to drop straight down toward Maine far below . int . agent car Annie and Dean look out the back window . annie what be it ? dean polaris missile , I think . annie should not we get to a shelter ? dean it would not matter . they look at each for a long , silent beat . then he reach out and take she hand . 89 . ext . rockwell a deathly hush have fall over all assemble . Kent , look ashen , start slowly back toward the jeep , and escape . without turn around , the General bark loudly at Kent . general this be you party , mansley . do not even think about leave early . Lieutenant ?? the Lieutenant pull he sidearm and level it at Kent . Kent wince , catch . ext . space - upper atmosphere the giant take off after the first missile . he concentrate , and the panel on he arm open up , revealing the now familiar weapon . he fire at the distant glare of the missile rocket ... ignite the warhead on the second shot . there be a blind flash , follow by a shockwave , but the giant remain intact . he double back in pursuit of the second missle . sighting it , he fire -- and miss repeatedly , lose valuable time as he move closer and closer to the missile . finally he hit it . it explode too near he , pummel he , throw he back . the giant recover and try to shoot the remain missile . ext . cliff several jeep pull up beside hogarth who be stare at the sky . the General and a group of soldier jump out . Kent , flanke by soldier with pistol on he , sit silently in the back of the jeep . the Captain scoops up hogarth in he arm and stare at the sky as well . in space - above the atlantic ocean the giant spot the third missile arcing down toward Maine and he beloved rockwell . he cut in he afterburner , zoom toward it . the giant catch up to the third missile , but he weapon be charree , unable to fire . there 's only one option leave ... with the giant the roar of he engine fade into silence as a look of peace fall over he iron face . he wrap he arm around the nose of the missile , close he eye ... 90 . ... and slam he fist into the tip of the bomb -- from earth the blackness of the night sky go brilliant white . ext . rockwell - night line the street , the town people see the brilliant white sky darken , turn back into night ... as one , the crowd cheer . ext . outer space over asia - night piece of the giant rain all over the Eastern hemisphere , in a spectacular display . ext . cliff the General get the word over he headset : general he do it ! the soldier cheer . the General approach Kent , still flanke by military officer . general ( cont 'd ) as you for you , mansley . you be under arrest ... " and all that that imply " . Kent visably wither . hogarth but ... the giant ... the General look at hogarth with great sadness ... and shake he head . hogarth hide he face and sob . the cheer trail off , as the soldier , realize the great sacrifice that the big metal monster have make for they ... and mankind . the General look at he man . general let 's go home . the General carry hogarth to the Jeep . hogarth stare at the GREEN leaf in he hand . we close on on the leaf and ... match CUT to : 91 . the same leaf it be now brown . we pull out to reveal that we be in ... hogarthas bedroom where the leaf sit on hogarth 's bookshelf beside the picture of he father . we pan out the window to rockwell itself . it 's springtime . and everything old be new again . ext . rockwell street - day Dean and Annie walk hand in hand with hogarth alongside . everyone smile and wave . all three be now celebrity , and even Dean seem well - like and respected . the busybody spot the trio , and whisper to each other . myrtle why , do not they make a lovely family ! Dean and Annie exchange a smile . this time hogarth smile and nod , too . then something on the ground catch he eye : a scorched piece of iron . hogarth pick it up , examine it , a bittersweet expression on he face . hogarth carefully put the piece in he pocket , and look up into the sky .... ext . northern india - night a lonely kid from India , sashi , a tinkerer , sit in he room work on a electronics project . it 's a poor but well - keep home . out a window , a meteor plow into they field : kaboom ! the meteor crater ropes lead down into the crater ; pull back to reveal sashi have a elephant pull out the meteor . sashi pull ! the elephant strain , pull : it 's the head of the giant . the boy leap into the air , shouting , overjoy . int . a " barn " in india - evening in a india-version of hogarth 's barn , sashi clean the giant head . but it look dead . 92 . india mother shashi ! dinner ! shasi come ! sashi walk out ... then crackle ! light flicker in the giant 's eye ... and the eye light up . the giant look around , come to he sense , see he predicament ... and the antenna rise up out of he head . angle : all over the world -- giant part , wherever they have fall , suddenly snap to attention . several nut and bolt dig themselves up out of sand . the piece start hopping away . part of a finger surface in the sea and worm toward shore . a sign by a ocean liner read " India " . several part sneak up the gangplank . int . hogarthas room - night hogarth be awaken by a rattling SOUND . he look to see the scorched piece of iron on he dresser as it drop to the floor and start move toward he window . hogarth beam ... ... and open he window to release it . music soar as the boy watch the piece of metal go , he mind swim with new possibility . above the planet the giant 's scorched hand orbit listlessly . suddenly it waken ... and slowly turn away from we . Burning as it hit the atmosphere , the hand reach toward earth ... fade everything to black ... except the tiny flame dot ... the end