the happy prince by rupert Everett int . nursery . london 1890 . 1 a extravagantly dress man read to two boy in a bed . man ' dear little swallow 's say the Prince . you tell I of marvellous thing , but more marvellous than this be the suffer of man and woman . there be no mystery so great as suffer . fly over my city , little swallow , and tell I what you see there . 's ext . paris 1900 . night . 2 heavy rain . blurr dreamlike image appear through it . a group laugh round a table . foot dash across wet cobble . a drench child begging by a Morris column . the black silhouette of a carriage and horse splash past he . a street materialise - see through a sheet of rain pour down the awning of a cafe . people be huddle comfortably inside watch the down pour . man v.o . so the swallow fly over the great city , and see the rich make merry in they beautiful house , while in the dark lane , the white face of starve child look out listlessly at the black street . at a table sit a break man , a empty tumbler by he side with a bunch of withere violet . he be a writer but he be too cold to finish he play . ext . cafe do LA paix . boulevard ST germain . night . 3 a blotchy elephantine vagrant sit alone in a ring of empty table stare into he glass . he wear a fray coat and have thin long badly dyed hair . he look up . straight at we . Dead watery eye . it be oscar wilde oscar it 's a dream ! he drain the glass , rummages for money , rise with difficulty , and shamble off down the crowded street ext . boulevard ST germain . paris . night . 4 the CITY of light in all its glory . cafe overflow onto the street . 3/11/16 Men and woman in evening dress take the air , the ' monde 's and the ' demi monde’ , urchin sell violet , the whole melting pot be out on this wet October night under the gas light , the plane tree and the swirl Van gogh star . the rain stop . oscar weave through the crowd with he head down . a beautiful woman flanke by two men in shiny top hat come onto the street from a restaurant . they be talk loudly in English . collision . the woman and oscar briefly lock eye , but he move quickly on . the trio continue , arm in arm . the two men chat amiably as the woman look puzzle . suddenly top hat one what be it , my dear ? woman I think I leave my fan . before top hat can object she have she stop . turn around just in time to see oscar disappear in the crowd . she follow , swim against the lose he . ext . side STREET . paris . night . in sharp contrast to the brightly alley be dark and empty . oscar be the far end . the woman appear at the corner . woman Mr. wilde ! oscar stop . pedestrian tide . she 's light boulevard this narrow a lumber silhouette at with she heart in she mouth the woman move into the shadow . he turn . wilde madam ? woman surely you remember I ? I be Mrs. arbuthnott . I come to all you first night ! 3/11/16 flashback . int . london theatre . night . 1893 . a stand ovation . no sound mrs . arbuthnott applaud enthusiastically . she be laugh . ext . side STREET . paris . night . oscar of course , madam . one never forget such a face . how kind of you to speak to I . you be well , I see . mrs . arbuthnott ( move ) I be well , sir , but how be you ? the two men appear at the end of the alley . man lydia . come here immediately ! mrs arbuthnott I shall have to go . oscar you could not lend I five pound , could you ? thing be a little tight at present . I feel ghastly ask like this , but ... mrs arbuthnott rummages in she purse . thrusts all she money into he hand . she be cry . man lydia ! mrs arbuthnott I be come ! Goodbye Mr. wilde . I wish ... oscar never wish , madam . it might come true ! but adieu , and thank you for a moment harmony in a discordant fugue . she turn and go back to the two men . man never speak to my wife again or I shall kill you , do you hear ? 3/11/16 10 flashback . int . london theatre night . 1893 . 8 the two men laugh and applaud . no sound . ext . / int . HOTEL D ’alsace . paris . night . 9 oscar enter the hotel do alsace . he climb the stair of this dark and dingy HOTEL . sound of a squabble as a door open and shut . he drag himself up by the banister . he stop to catch he breath . he hold he ear as if there be a deafen noise . M. dupoirier , the HOTEL manager be come down the stair with a tray . dupoirier ( in french ) any news of you bank draft , today , M. melmoth ? oscar ( also in french ) alas no , M. dupoirier , but fear not , M. Ross be arrive tomorrow with royalty , contract and cash . dupoirier excellent news , monsieur ! int . HOTEL d’alsace . bedroom . night . 10 lit by a flicker gas jet . oscar 's room be small with a linoleum floor and dark wallpaper feature tightly pack flower and leave . a small window look out onto a courtyard . oscar regards himself in a mirror . his ear be bleed . he touch it carefully with a finger , then smear the mirror with blood . oscar see ! see where Christ 's blood stream through the firmament ! his reflection shimmer and the room suddenly lurch behind he . oscar blink and clutches the table . oscar ( cont 'd ) what be happen to I ? 3/11/16 11 12 the strange spasm pass and he apply rouge and foundation . grease he hair with a evil look tincture , spray some perfume in he mouth and leave . omitted 11 int . bar calisaya . night . 12 a young man and a boy sit at a back table - jean a handsome twenty year old who sell violet , and he consumptive brother leon , a matchstick boy . although they be rough , leon be weep . jean see oscar and gesture . oscar ( french ) what be the matter with we little sparkler . dear Leon weep no more . I beg ! jean the sister from the orphanage come for he , and all he match get nick . leon ( burst into fresh tear ) do not let they take I back there jo . I will be more careful , I promise . jean all I be say be it could be better for everyone . you will be safe and I wont always be worry . it 's get too fuck dangerous around here . leon but we be brother . we should be together . leon put he head in he hand and cry . jean sigh and look at oscar for help . oscar well , this be too frightful ! but I too have news . a sudden windfall enable I to offer you both at least absinthe and cocaine on the eve of departure and a purple moment for I , if , Leon , you will lend I you relation for the usual consideration ? 3/11/16 13 he produce a coin . leon look up . take the coin . leon ( sniff ) well ... twenty minute . and you have to finish that story . int . squalid HOTEL bedroom . night . 13 oscar lie on a filthy bed in a squalid room . noise of bonk and bedspring through the ceiling . jean , a lithe panther with he trousers down , sprinkle powder into cotton wool ball , put one in the side of he mouth and give another to oscar . oscar you know I do not think I have ever be happier in my life . in this room . at this moment . the light from the street . jean what light ? oscar it carve you in marble , dear boy ! we be lose in we own world . shroud in a symphony of adjacent copulation . it 's really quite good ! he count out note on the bed . jean look at he with obvious affection . oscar ( cont 'd ) I know you love I , johnny , even though we purple hour be sullied by green note . but what can one do ? oscar lurch from the bed , do up he fly , tucking in he shirt , to the door . he open it . leon fall in . leon ( unapologetic ) that be nearly a hour . Story time . oscar where be I ? leon under the bridge . oscar oh , yes . under the bridge . 3/11/16 14 15 they all pile onto the bed . leon cough . oscar ( cont 'd ) under the bridge two little boy be lie in one another 's arm to try and keep themselves warm . how hungry we be they say . you must not lie here shout the watchman and they wander out into the rain . ext . paris STREET . night . 14 the incongruous trio walk down a rainy street . oscar v.o . the swallow fly back and tell the prince what he have see . I be cover with fine gold say the prince . you must take it off leaf by leaf and give it to the poor ; the live always think that gold can make they happy . int . cafe concert . night . 15 chaos. men in tall hat , tart and pimp . banquette overflow . waiter weave through the table with load trays . a stringy woman sing on a stage at one end of the hall . she be dress for a beggar ball and harshly light by footlight . oscar and the brother arrive . oscar surge towards the stage , interrupt the performance . oscar dear lottie , sing to I sweet nightingale and crack my calcify heart with you warble . garcon ! they settle at a table . a waiter appear oscar ( cont 'd ) absinthe . a young man in uniform , maurice gilbert be talk with another man in the shadow oscar ( cont 'd ) ahh , mon legionnaire ! maurice , come here immediately and ravish I ! 3/11/16 maurice prowl across the room towards oscar who watch he transfix . leon and jean giggle helplessly . maurice salute and oscar pull he on to he knee . a man with a tart watch they in disgust . man revolting pig ! returning to you vomit ! maurice grab the man by he lapel , still sit on oscar be knee . the tart shriek . maurice you insult my friend , monsieur . apologize now or I will kill you . man get you hand off I , filth . maurice leap up send the table fly . glass smash . wine be spilt . the tart scream again . oscar ( oblivious ) how could I resist . look ! the profile of napoleon ... maurice shake the man like a rat . a chair break . they fall to the floor . oscar ( cont 'd ) without any of the more disappoint feature ! maurice you do not speak to my friend like that , understand . cunt ! standstill . Music stop . waiter surge forward lead by the manager , a stocky woman in black . manager him , out ! take you tart with you ! you , soldier . sit down oscar ahh , Madame , a few ruffle plume , no more manager you ! shut you fuck face . look at the damage ! who 's pay ? 3/11/16 oscar I be . I shall sing for you . jean shut up , oscar . sit down . oscar ( wide eye ) May I ? the manager turn to the room . manager what do you say ? sing or pay ? the crowd sing ! lottie the stringy singer shield she eye and squint through the footlight . lottie what the fuck 's go on ? the boy pick up the table and haul oscar onto it . a shaky follow spot cross the hall , pick out sweaty face , glassy eye and open mouth till it circle oscar , panting and livid . maurice start a round of applause . whistles and cheer . the band play a introduction . oscar the boy I love be up in the gallery . the boy I love be look down at I . there he be ! can not you see ? waving he handkerchief . as merry as a cricket that sing on the lee the crowd enjoy the show and sing along with the chorus , to the delight of oscar and he friend . tremendous applause as the song end . oscar be bleed from the ear . his eye bulge and he be sweat . Hair dye and powder trickle down he ecstatic face . he swoops down into a elaborate bow and crash unconscious to the floor . a huge burst of applause . 3/11/16 16 17 10 flashback . int . london theatre . night . 1893 . 16 oscar ( back to we ) straighten from a deep bow . he be before a glitter first night audience . the theatre be pack . oscar the actor have give we a charming rendering of a delightful play . more applause . constance , oscar 's wife watch nervously . a group of young men , robbie ross , reggie turner , and other wear green carnation . oscar ( cont 'd ) and you appreciation have be most intelligent . face explode with mirth . detail of glisten tooth . ferocious eye . Manic applause . whisper in ear . mrs arbuthnott sit between the two men laugh . oscar look like a toad in the footlight and throw a huge shadow against the red velvet curtain behind he . he have a metallic blue carnation in he buttonhole and a gold tip cigarette smoking in he hand . oscar ( cont 'd ) I congratulate you on the success of you performance ... hysterical laughter . which persuade I that you think almost as highly of the play as I do myself . oscar wait for the next laugh , but there be none , only a uncomfortable silence with a few cough . constance cover she face with she hand . flashback . int . the old bailey . day 1895 . 17 another audience , grim and menace . another stage . the dock . a hammer knock three time . judge oscar wilde the crime of which you have be convict be so bad ... 3/11/16 18 19 20 11 oscar watch horrify . the marquis of queensbury stare at he intently from the front row of the court . judge v.o. that one have to put a stern restraint upon oneself from describe the sentiment which must rise to the breast of every man of honour who have hear the detail of this two terrible trial . robbie ross bow deeply as oscar be hustle through the crowd . prostitute dance on the street . news vendor shout . judge v.o. ( cont 'd ) it be no use to address you . the marquess of queensbury be mobbed on the step of the court . judge v.o. ( cont ’d ) people who can do this thing must be dead to all sense of shame . I shall under such circumstance be expect to pass the severest sentence that the law allow . omitted 18 omitted 19 flashback . int . reading gaol . day 20 oscar be head be shave . judge v.o . it be , in my opinion , totally inadequate for such a case as this . a naked oscar be plunge into a brackish bath . judge v.o. ( cont ’d ) the sentence of the court be that you be imprison and keep to hard labour for two year . 3/11/16 % ee 21 22 12 flashback . int . prison cell . reading . 21 to the sound of mayhem in court , oscar , in prison uniform , be throw into a cell . as the door slam and lock the roar cut out . a eye look through a tiny spy hole in the door . through the hole oscar sit on a board in the small brick room with he head in he hand . M. dupoirier v.o. monsieur melmoth . monsieur melmoth . you friend be here . oscar look up at the door . the eye disappear . int . HOTEL d’alsace . oscar 's bedroom . day . 1900 22 oscar open he eye . he be in bed . he sigh with relief . it be a dream . his ear be bandage . m dupoirier be stand over he . dr . tucker , from the british embassy , prepare a injection from oscar be point of view M. dupoirier flare and sparkles . the wallpaper pulse with oscar 's heartbeat . robbie ross lean over the bed . he wear a travel coat . oscar be hallucinate . oscar ( weakly ) Robbie ! my lonely rider of the apocalypse . you take I into exile , dear boy . where will you take I now . what ship ? Ireland , you say ? robbie sit on the edge of the bed and take oscar 's hand . robbie no ship , oscar . I be here in Paris . I have you allowance . oscar ah , good . good . I have be dinnerless . oscar stare at the wall . the flower shimmer and jump . he groan . oscar ( cont 'd ) I be in mortal combat with this wallpaper , Robbie . one of we have to go ! 3/11/16 23 13 robbie maurice say you make quite a scene last night . oscar it be more or less impossible to make good scene in such reduce circumstance as mine , but I believe I do my best . last night I dreamt I be supping with the dead . robbie you must have be the life and soul of the party , oscar . dr . tucker roll up oscar 's sleeve . oscar morphia be mere seltzer to I now , but good Dr. tucker will only give I ether or chloral on holiday of obligation . I be much distract dear boy . I have have a very bad time lately , and for two day not a penny in my pocket , so have to wander about , fill with wild longing , trap in the circle of the boulevard , one of the worst in the inferno . the needle go in . oscar visibly relax . oscar ( cont 'd ) I shall never forget you kindness , dear boy , when I be release from prison . what high hope we have that day ! but I be doom from the start . why do one run towards ruin ? why do it hold such a fascination ? ext . harbour of dieppe . dawn . may 1897 23 a green misty sky merge with the sea . robbie ross stand on the quay look out to sea . the noise of a horn bounce across the sleepy port and out the mist the newhaven packet ship materialize . smoke from the funnel curve across the sky . robbie catch sight of the boat and run down the jetty . on board the ship a lone oscar watch the harbour approach . 3/11/16 24 25 26 14 when he see he friend he throw back he head and laugh . the ship dock . oscar lumber down the gangplank . the man embrace warmly . robbie oscar , how be you ? oscar where be Reggie ? robbie he 's wait for we at the Hotel . he want to make sure there be no ... oscar what ? robbie difficulty . have you get everything ? oscar no . I leave oscar wilde at newhaven . he give robbie a folder that he have clasped to he chest . oscar ( cont 'd ) and this be the last thing she write . the great letter I tell you about . make three copy . send one to bosie Douglas . one to I , and keep the original under lock and key . oscar relax , as though a heavy weight be lift from he shoulder . the two men climb onto the carriage . omitted 24 ext . HOTEL sandwich . dieppe . day . 25 oscar and robbie drive through the town towards the hotel and climb down from the carriage . int . HOTEL sandwich hall . day . 26 oscar and robbie enter . 3/11/16 27 15 robbie ( suddenly tense ) if anyone ask you for document or papers , just say they be in you cabin trunk . before oscar have time to reply reggie well , well , well ! if it be not sebastian melmoth . dear boy , what a absolute joy . reggie turner , a portly brigadier with a handsome moustache leap from a chair . he hug oscar and then take he by the arm , lead he towards the reception counter . reggie ( cont 'd ) be this you first time in dieppe , sebastian ? what fun ! let I introduce you immediately to we dear friend the manager . Ring , ring , ring bang reggie on the desk . the HOTEL manager arrive with a servile smile . reggie ( cont 'd ) melmoth , this be m duroc . look after Mr. melmoth , would you ? the best room , and all that . I '’11 leave you to it , be you lunching ? before oscar can answer reggie leave . the manager proffer the registration book for oscar to sign . manager shall we take you valuable , you papers , Sir , and keep they in we safe ? oscar they be in my cabin trunk . oscar sign with a flourish and a sideways glance . a moment as the manager scrutinize the signature and beam . manager ( cont 'd ) monsieur melmoth . Bienvenue en France int . HOTEL sandwich . oscar 's suite . day . 27 in the sit room be flower , book , a smart set of new luggage monogramm with S.M. 3/11/16 16 a dress case fill with glass vial . there be new clothes and a pile of letter . oscar gasp with pleasure . robbie the case be from Reggie . and here be eight hundred pound we raise while you be in prison . it will keep you go until you begin to work again . reggie come into the room . the three man explode with laughter and hug . reggie darling oscar ! how do you like you new name ? oscar as much as I loathe the old one . ah , letter ! reggie produce a frame picture of queen victoria from the new dress case while oscar leaf through he mail . reggie and look ! no exile fairy 's toilet be complete without a sign portrait of the great widow herself . you must dance naked before it during the jubilee next month . oscar ( suddenly tense ) -+. it 's from he ! robbie oscar ... oscar I may as well tell you both now that I fully intend to affect a reconciliation with my wife - if she will have I . and rest assure that I shall never see Lord Alfred Douglas again . that part of my life be behind I . reggie well , he 's in Paris , and determine to see you . oscar as I be determine not to see he . oscar tear up a letter ostentatiously and throw it in the hearth . 3/11/16 28 29 17 int . HOTEL sandwich . corridor . day . 28 waiter push a fleet of trolley . a burst of laughter from inside oscar 's room . int . HOTEL sandwich . oscar 's suite . day . 29 the three men be sit around a table in a haze of cigarette smoke . waiter clear plate and pour coffee . reggie from what you say , oscar , it would seem that reading gaol be a enchant castle with the Governor as its preside elf . oscar Robbie ! I meet Christ in prison . reggie what be she in for ? oscar do not joke Reggie . in the cell there be only God and man . after three day in hell Jesus rise from the dead . discard he cerement , break open the tomb and take he place forever in the heart of man . after seven hundred day of hard labour my tomb have open , I have tiptoed to the boat train and I be bear again . through he with he and in France . robbie ( laugh ) very good oscar . we will make a Catholic of you yet ! reggie only unlike dear Jesus you have luggage and eight hundred pound to spend before you ascension into heaven . robbie or purgatory . I be afraid a delegation of fifteen young poet be arrive from Paris at the weekend to welcome you into exile . they be bring a cheque . 3/11/16 30 31 18 oscar oh good . all I be say , dear Reggie , be that I live in the grip of vice and pleasure . it be wrong and I have pay . perhaps the slate be wipe clean . perhaps it be not . we shall see . at any rate I be ready to return to life . int . HOTEL sandwich . oscar 's suite . day . 30 alone , oscar unpack . frame picture of constance and he child be extract from a open cabin trunk . he retrieve bosie 's shred letter from the fireplace , sit at the desk and try to reassemble it . bosie ( scream ) I hear from you so call friend that you no longer wish to see I ! can it be that you have forget all you say before you go to prison ? nothing but my love sustained you then , you soul clung to my soul . now you no longer wish to know I . God know I have suffer too during this two year . there be prison without prison , but I will tell you this . never , for one moment have the intensity of my love for you falter . I feel as I feel the day I meet you . I have wait for this day for two year . I be now half craze with grief . when this letter reach you I might be dead ! oscar laugh bitterly and sweep the tear page off the desk and start a letter of he own . seagull fade into the noise of child play . int . constance 's house heidelberg . day . 31 a thin hunched woman in a neck brace open a letter . it be constance , oscar be wife . outside in the garden two child play . oscar v.o. constance my dear good beautiful wife , there be nothing I can ever say that will undo the great hurt that I have cause you . we both know that . ( more ) 3/11/16 32 33 19 oscar v.o. ( cont 'd ) two year have I lain on hard board , knelt on cold stone , dine on shame and think of little else . oscar v.o. ( cont ’d ) you and my son be the only thing that tie I to life . be it not for the hope that one day I would meet you all again , I do not think I could go on . constance look sadly at she child play in the garden . int . HOTEL sandwich dine room . day . 32 oscar , reggie , robbie be serve a sumptuous lunch . a pretty waiter bend over the table . oscar 's eye briefly alight on he apron wrap posterior . after the boy have go everybody laugh . oscar be slightly indignant . oscar v.o . my desire to live , dearest constance , be as intense as ever , and though my heart be break , heart be make to be break . oscar gesture grandly for more champagne . int . HOTEL sandwich dine room . night . 33 with oscar 's gesture the room change to night . candle flicker on table . guest in evening dress . the champagne arrive at another meal . this time a dinner with fifteen young poet and student who have come from Paris to welcome oscar into exile . they be eccentrically dress and extremely rowdy . oscar captivate the table with tale of prison . other guest watch sternly . the party bay for a speech from oscar , bang the table . oscar v.o . that be why God send sorrow to the world . write to I as soon as you can and tell I that I be still you oscar . oscar stand to make a toast . 3/11/16 34 35 20 oscar that the delicate bud of french art should find they way to this desert outpost in order to welcome and raise this bruise and trodden lily from the slough of despond fill it with the tremulous hope that it could still live and bloom again on the double peak of parnassus ... the waiter bring the bill . oscar ( cont 'd ) oh , do I ask for that ? ext HOTEL sandwich beach . day . 34 oscar - a tiny dot - leave the Hotel and walk across a huge stretch of empty beach to a solitary chair . a group of english student play makeshift cricket far off . he sit and watch . a ball land nearby and a lithe boy in a bathing suit run up to fetch it . look at oscar . boy bonjour . oscar bonjour . the boy run back to the group . he tell they something . they look round towards oscar and laugh . ext . port . dieppe . day . 35 oscar nibble a croissant alone at a table , enjoy the bustle on the quay . the rowdy group of cricketer amble along the street and install themselves at the next table . oscar appraise they covertly . they see oscar and begin to whisper and giggle . oscar stiffen . english one not wear you lovely silk stocking today oscar ? the cricketer explode with mirth . oscar stare resolutely ahead . 3/11/16 36 21 english one ( cont ’d ) darling boy ? english two yes , my hyacinth ? english one remind I to change the sheet today darling boy . you slim gilt cheek have leave a shit stain all the way down you side of the bed ! hysteria . oscar stand . oscar you go too far , Sir ! english one stand . english one no ! you go too far . madam . he beckon to a waiter english one ( cont ’d ) garcon , there 's a lump of shit on the pavement . get rid of it ! a dangerous moment . reggie and robbie appear a little way off , take one look and storm across the street towards the cafe . reggie ah there you be , oscar . we be late . they be wait for we . he take a freeze oscar by the arm and lead he away before the situation have time to escalate . robbie follow . ext . side STREET . dieppe . day . 36 the three men walk fast reggie be you alright , oscar ? oscar ( weakly ) no , not really . reggie let go back to the Hotel the english men appear around the corner whooping and laugh . 3/11/16 37 38 22 robbie Christ ! they be follow we ! english one wait for I ! I want to cover you in honey and lick it off again . reggie this be intolerable oscar , reggie and robbie quicken they pace . the chase be on . they duck down a alleyway . the undergraduate stampede round the corner , bay and yelping like hound . they be intensely amused . one have pick up a branch and be bang it against dust bin and doorway . oscar robbie and reggie be run now . across a graveyard . through a gate . the undergraduate be get closer . jumping over the graveyard wall , laugh and shriek . oscar , reggie and robbie turn into a lane . it be a dead end . sweating and panting , they be literally up against the wall . the undergraduate surge around the corner . there be no escape . flashback . clapham junction station platform . day 1895 . 37 a crowd of angry travellers shout and jeer . a burly man jab he finger at the camera . ext . side STREET . dieppe . day . 1897 . 38 something click inside oscar 's head and with a roar he lunge at the first man , throw he to the ground with he enormous weight . he bounce up , rage and adrenalin pound through he vein , and hurl a second against the wall , he huge hand around the man throat . oscar ( shouting ) what more do you want ? the undergraduate be stunne . oscar throw the second man aside like a twig . he be hysterical now , a stampede elephant . 3/11/16 23 oscar ( cont 'd ) you have take everything , you little shit . everything ! my family . my home . my work . my freedom . everything . there be nothing else to take . oscar shove a ruddy cheeked boor in the chest . he back off oscar ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do ? kill I ? I be already dead , you cunt . now piss off all of you . the natural habitat of the hypocrite be England . get back there ! leave I in peace . go . the young men 's stand uncertainly for a moment then turn around and shuffle off . by the time they get to the corner they have recover they swagger and slap one another on the back as they run off . they whoops of victory sound like mad bird cry echoing through the village . it begin to rain . the three friend look at one another for a long moment . reggie I do not know you have it in you . oscar I do not . I have nothing in I , not even fear . 39 flashback . ext . clapham junction platform . day . 1895 39 a train noisily speed through the station revealing oscar , with a shave head , sit on a bench . he be manacle to a prison warden . oscar v.o. with no warning , I be transfer one afternoon from wandsworth to reading gaol . in broad daylight , by train , shackle to a warder like a perform bear , that journey be the most exquisite of the torture her majesty contrive for I . 40 int . HOTEL sandwich . oscar 's suite . night . 1897 40 oscar be in bed . reggie and robbie sit either side . oscar at clapham Junction we have to wait for a connection . ( more ) 3/11/16 24 oscar ( cont 'd ) half and hour , my dear , on platform three . sadly my public have not forget I . 4l flashback . ext . clapham junction . day . 1895 41 a small crowd begin to gather . a burly troublemaker begin to lecture the crowd . oscar v.o . at first they simply giggle and point , but then a man begin to shout . he pace up and down , wag he finger , as he catalogue my crime to he grow and spellbound audience . now the crowd be huge . the platform be pack . several hundred people press against the bench where oscar sit . the burly man be purple now . in slow motion he inhale and spit a huge gob which land on oscar 's face . the crowd applaud . 42 int . HOTEL sandwich . oscar 's suite . night . 1897 . 42 oscar at each new twist the crowd moan and sway as one , spitting and scream , howling for my blood . 43 flashback . ext . clapham junction station platform . day 18943 the warden read the evening paper with rapt attention as oscar be rain with spittle oscar v.o. while I ? I see the future . it be the end of all peace . 44 int . HOTEL sandwich . oscar 's suite . night . 1897 . 44 oscar ( simply ) I shall see it on my death bed . 45 int . HOTEL sandwich hall . night . 45 robbie and reggie be in the hall . the manager stiffly give they a letter . manager please give this to m wilde . 3/11/16 46 47 48 48a 49 25 reggie oh dear ! its from the Chief of Police . you read it . robbie open it . robbie it seem he be to be deport if he behavior do not improve . we celebration of young french poet do not go down very well in the voisinage . reggie well , do not show he now , for God 's sake ! in he current mood he could set fire to the Hotel ! thank Christ I be leave tomorrow . the go upstairs , arm in arm . reggie ( cont 'd ) you be careful , Robbie . he 'il eat you . ext . HOTEL sandwich . day . 46 oscar and robbie leave the hotel . they luggage follow , carry by bellboys . ext . HOTEL do LA plage approach berneval . day 47 the HOTEL stand above the dune . the beach stretch away in both direction . the sea crash and a flock of seagull wheel over the water diving for fish . ext . HOTEL do LA plage . berneval . day 48 robbie and oscar climb from a carriage and go inside . int . HOTEL do LA plage . berneval . day 48a the manager lead oscar and Robbie to they room . int . HOTEL do LA plage bedroom . berneval . night . 49 oscar and robbie at a table in front of a large window overlook the sea . they be finish a meal . there be a full moon . 3/11/16 26 robbie I read you letter from prison . it be really rather marvellous . you should call it De profundis . oscar well it be write from the depth ! robbie bosie will probably try to kill you when he read it . oscar I write some harsh letter to you Robbie . I be sorry . robbie you write harsh letter to we all . we be try we best . oscar I know . its hard to describe the feel of utter impotence and desperation in there . one become a fury . one never speak . one simply weep and have diarrhea . result : lunacy . do you forgive I ? oscar take robbie 's hand . robbie who would have think , that afternoon we meet , fifteen year ago , that here we have be . leper dining under a full moon ina foreign hotel . it 's quite romantic in a way . oscar except that you , dear boy , be not a leper . tomorrow you will blow away on the sea breeze - destination dover - like a dandelion seed . as to who would have think ? we meet in a public lavatory , bobbie dear , and we end up here . you would not have to be the sybil of mortimer Street to join the dot ! robbie I be go to a matinee ! 3/11/16 50 27 oscar and I be go to my club . a different corner , a minute later , another play , and maybe I should be the poet laureate , but I doubt it . intimacy in the sewer follow by fantasy in the god ! the rest be silence . flashback . int . public lavatory . london . afternoon . 1886 . 50 a quiet afternoon in the echoing underworld . cistern drip . robbie ( young ) stand at a long line of urinal . oscar breeze in , take a place further along the line . robbie move next to oscar . surprise , oscar look up . eye meet . robbie leave the urinal , and casually go into a cubicle . oscar button up and nervously follow . the queeny loo attendant raise a pair of pluck eyebrow , and continue to read he paper . Inside the cubicle a tremble oscar fill the whole space . robbie be squash against the toilet . neither one can undo they trousers . from a hole in the wooden partition a tongue waggle . oscar suppress a little shriek . robbie smile and put he finger to he lip as he try to undo oscar 's fly . robbie ( whisper ) get a place ? oscar look puzzle . robbie ( cont 'd ) meet you outside . he leave . oscar , alone , be undecided . the tongue waggle and speak . tongue go on dear , risk it fora biscuit . oscar ostentatiously flush the loo , and leave . 3/11/16 51 52 53 54 28 flashback . ext . public lavatory and STREET . afternoon . 51 robbie wait under a street light in the smoggy dusk . oscar lumber up the step from the underworld and join he , and they walk off into the fog together . flashback . int . SMALL london HOTEL room . night . 1886 52 a transfigure oscar hold a sleep robbie in he arm . int . HOTEL do LA plage bedroom . berneval . night . 1897 53 a distract oscar smoke in bed while robbie sleep beside he . int . bedroom . HOTEL D ’alsace . night . 1900 54 robbie sleep in a chair . oscar , clearly ill , watch he from the bed by the light of a low fire . oscar bobbie ! bobbie . robbie wake suddenly . oscar ( cont 'd ) dear boy , help I to the commode , would you ? robbie haul oscar from he bed and heave he onto the commode . the two man look at one another . oscar be now stripped of all dignity oscar ( cont 'd ) I have observe a very curious thing . just when one think there be no further to go , there be ... further to go . have I let you down , terribly , darling bobbie ? robbie ( move ) of course not oscar . oscar you have such plan for I . robbie I want you to be happy . that 's all . oscar happiness be cheep perfume that even I could not afford . 3/11/16 55 56 57 29 robbie I just .. want you to write . you make the world happy with you write . oscar some of it . but you never understand . there be nothing leave . just one spark , then black . ext . dune berneval . day . 1897 . 55 oscar walk across the dune towards a small bathing hut on the sand . he unlock the door and go in . a minute later he come out in a bathing costume and march into the sea , finally crash in like a porpoise . he swim back and forth without he hair get wet . wave splash in he face . oscar v.o . he do not wear he scarlet coat , for blood and wine be red , and blood and wine be on he hand when they find he with the dead , int . HOTEL do LA plage bedroom . night . 56 oscar sit back from he desk smile . oscar the poor dead woman whom he love , and murder in she bed ! superb . he continue write . int . constance 's house heidelberg . day . 57 two grave victorian men sit with constance . through a open window the child can be see play . mr . howard as the boy guardian I cannot impress upon you too strongly my alarm at you be in contact with you husband at all ! be extremely cautious , madam , when you reply to he letter . he pass she some papers to sign . 3/11/16 58 30 mr . howard ( cont 'd ) Mrs. Holland . constance Mrs. wilde ! mr howard constance . we have be friend for many year . I be the executor of you grandfather estate . you must trust we . please sign . the child be fight in the garden . she get up . she can hardly walk , practically bent double on two stick . constance cyril ! vivian ! stop fight ! she shut the window . sudden silence . the child fight on behind she in a dumb show . constance ( cont ’d ) my trouble be that once I have make up my mind to love someone , I can never change . ext . constance 's house heidelberg . day 58 cyril and vivian listen by the door to the conversation inside . constance v.o . I feel sure that if I see he once , I should forgive he everything . mr . howard v.o. precisely , my dear , and then you would be stick here in Heidelberg forever . Heidelberg ! constance v.o . we like it . mr howard v.o . you must wait ! think of you child . he must prove to you that he will change . that he can . you have time . do not hurry . constance v.o. very well I will do as you both suggest . I will harden my heart for the sake of the boy . 3/11/16 59 60 61 31 int . constance sitting room . day . 59 constance sit down and begin to write a letter . she look out of the window . the child be now sit quietly under a tree . omitted 60 ext . dune , berneval . day . 61 robbie and oscar walk on the sand . oscar since you leave I have be completely alone . robbie oscar , that 's simply not true ! oscar my wife have write I a revolting letter in which she tell I that perhap she will see I at some later date , but not in the foreseeable future , and the boy probably never ! robbie but oscar I be amaze that you should imagine that constance would want to see you at all ! you write she one letter full of you usual perfume shit and you suppose that everything you have put she through for the last few year can simply be forget ! oscar Robbie , if you have come here to upset I , I suggest you return to dieppe immediately where you will find a train that leave at three minute past the hour . every hour ! robbie I be not here to upset you oscar ! I just want you to be reasonable . oscar bosie , whom you all deplore , at least offer to help I . 3/11/16 32 robbie oh really ? how , oscar ? how be bosie go to help you ? oscar bosie love I Robbie . in a way that you could never understand . in any case he 's be come here next week . robbie then you will never see constance again . you seem to forget that despite everything you have put she through she still allow you four pound a week . that four pound , oscar , be dependant upon bosie 's absence from you life . but doubtless he will settle some money upon you when he get here . if he mother have give he any ! oscar ( scream ) I be all alone . I do not have anyone . why be you be so harsh robbie you have I , oscar ! I be here ! no reaction . robbie ( cont 'd ) but it 's not enough , be it ? why be it not enough , oscar ? oscar well frankly my dear you be not really grand enough and you be certainly not rough enough . let get a drink for god sake . oscar take robbie 's arm and they walk back towards the HOTEL in the distance . oscar ( cont 'd ) do not be cross , bobbie ! you be not build for rage . I go on the most marvellous pilgrimage yesterday to Notre Dame de liesse . do you know that liesse be the medieval word for happiness ? I go there every day . 3/11/16 62 63 64 33 ext /int . countryside and notre dame do liesse . day . 62 oscar walk through some field towards a small chapel on a hill . he be slightly breathless . oscar v.o . it take all of three minute to get to it and just as many to get back . the Priest , who be charming , have become a great friend . yesterday he show I all he vestment . he look particularly captivate in he martyr 's garb - rise doree streak with blood . oscar go in and sit alone in the chapel . a old bent priest come in and shuffles towards the alter , drop with difficulty to he knee , grasp the foot of a particularly gruesome crucifix and kiss the foot of Jesus . oscar be transport and for a moment christ seem alive . he gaze at oscar with great compassion . oscar v.o. ( cont ’d ) you see Robbie , suffer be nothing when there be love ! Love be everything . int . train to rouen . day 63 oscar lose in think . grubby window streak with rain . low cloud . Thunder . the rhythmic clanking of the train . flashback . int . reading gaol , treadmill . day 1895 . 64 a breathless oscar climb on the vast clanking machine oscar v.o. dear bosie , after long and fruitless wait I have determine to write to you myself , as much for you sake as for mine , as I would not like to think that I have pass through two long year of imprisonment without ever have receive a single line from you , or any news or message even , except such as give I pain . 3/11/16 65 66 67 34 flashback . int . cell , reading gaol . night 1896 65 oscar read through a stack of papers . oscar we ill fated and most lamentable friendship have end in ruin and public infamy for I , yet the memory of we ancient affection be often with I , and the think that loathing , bitterness and contempt should forever take that place in my heart once hold by love be very sad to I . int . train to rouen . day . 1897 . 66 oscar v.o . you come to I to learn the pleasure of life and the pleasure of art . perhaps I be choose to teach you something much more wonderful , the meaning of sorrow and its beauty . the sun come through the cloud . the train arrive in rouen . ext . rouen station platform . day . 67 the train pull away from the station . through the cloud of smoke oscar be reveal stand on the platform . in the distance bosie be still a golden youth in a dusty travel coat . he slowly walk towards a freeze oscar . finally , the two man face each other . Close up bosie be ravage and pinch . oscar begin to cry . tries to speak but can not . bosie oh come on oscar ! it 's not like you to have nothing to say . oscar heave . bosie ( cont 'd ) oscar ! bosie take oscar in he arm and hug he . they go to a bench . sit side by side . oscar be still prostrate . bosie hold he hand . 3/11/16 68 69 35 passerby be he alright . bosie he 's have some bad news ! oscar look up . smile . the two man begin to laugh and cry . a train pass . from the other side of the platform . now they be really laugh . talk . gesticulate another train . through the stream of passenger oscar and bosie be silent , sit side by side . the platform be desert again . a guard light gas lamp as the day fade . oscar bosie , about that letter I send you from prison ... bosie I never get it ! what do it say ? oscar nothing important now . it be just my testament . De profundus . bosie oh oscar , you silly old fairy , come here ! bosie take oscar in he arm and hug he . oscar I be my own juda . I need a drink . omitted 68 int . rouen station HOTEL dine room . night . 69 a few people dine . oscar and bosie sit at a table drink . travellers come and go . bosie what be you plan ? 3/11/16 36 oscar what plan can I have ? the doom of melmoth be to wander the earth seek shelter where he can . I may go south . bosie naple . see it and die ! oscar if only it be that simple ! a good train clank through the station . bosie have you write anything ? oscar a ballad about prison . its almost finish . Rather good . I do not know if I can write anymore . bosie why ? now more than ever you must write . oscar I write when I know nothing of life . now that I do know it there be nothing leave to write . bosie oscar , let run away ! somewhere no one could find we . naple in fact . oscar dear boy , you do not know what you be say . I be starve . do let 's order . Times pass . later ... oscar ( cont 'd ) why do we huddle without the city wall at a Station Hotel ? a man walk through the dining room announce a night train to Belgium . oscar ( cont 'd ) because I be a ruin man . if you come with I to naple the world would become a picture you could look at but never touch . do you love I that much , bosie ? and anyway , we have no money ! 3/11/16 70 71 72 73 37 bosie oh , money ! oscar , for Christ 's sake . my mother have get mass . what be you laugh at ? oscar nothing . something Robbie say . bosie Robbie have be against I ever since we meet . he be riddled with jealousy . oscar he love I , bosie , in a way that you could never understand . shall we take a room ? sudden tension . int . rouen station HOTEL bedroom . night . 70 oscar sit on the bed . bosie stand before he in he shirt . he begin to remove it . oscar turn out the light . in the darkness light flash across the wall as a train thunder through the station . the bloodcurdle scream of its whistle accompany oscar and bosie as they embrace . int . train to naple . day . 71 another train with oscar and bosie aboard speed through a long tunnel . the scream continue . they face be barely visible in the darkness . ext . train to naple . day . 72 the train thunder through the tunnel towards a dot of light . the scream intensify . int . robbie ross 's house london . day . 73 robbie read a letter . the noise of the train and its scream continue . robbie my go back to bosie be psychologically inevitable . I can not live without the atmosphere of love ; I must love and be love , whatever price I pay for it 3/11/16 74 75 76 77 38 robbie put down the letter and cry . int / ext . tunnel . day 74 the train explode from the tunnel into the light . ext . villa guidice . naple . day 75 the bay of naple be cover in a early morning mist . the scene be ravish . oscar stand on the terrace of he new home villa guidice in posilippo . oscar v.o . I dare say what I have do be fatal . I love he as I always do . with a sense of tragedy and ruin .. the train whistle turn into a high pitch human shriek . int . villa guidice bedroom . day . 76 bosie stand on a chair in he underwear scream as a huge rat dart back and forth across the room . three seedy neapolitan servant be try to kill it with broom and bat - carmine , a fat bearded lady cook , she husband peppino and they son michele . michele finally skewer it with a rake . it writhes about while the peppino club it to death and its brain splash across the floor . oscar rush in . everyone be shouting . bosie be hysterical . bosie oscar ! another rat . there be fuck rat everywhere ! michele pick the animal up by the tail and wave it victoriously . this be the last straw for bosie who leave the room cursing . carmine we need La corridone . oscar who 's she ? carmine the witch . rat very afraid of she . int . constance house . heidelberg . day 77 another scream . this one be strangle from constance . 3/11/16 39 constance I forbid it ! I forbid he to live with that infernal man . robbie there be nothing anyone could do . constance I shall not pay he he allowance . you may tell he as much when you see he . robbie that be unlikely madam . I have resign as he literary executor . constance regards robbie . constance he do not know you be here , I presume ? robbie no , madam he do not . constance why do you mind so much . robbie do not reply . constance ( cont ’d ) they all tell I to be wary of you , Mr Ross . they say you can not be trust . but we be the same , you and I . he have hurt you as well , have not he ? robbie cannot answer . constance ( cont ’d ) oscar destroy himself and everyone around he . look at I , Mr Ross . just look at I ! she look derange for a second . constance ( cont ’d ) he have kill I . and yet , I still love he . strange , be not it ? she shiver . constance ( cont ’d ) someone must be walk on my grave . 3/11/16 78 79 40 int / ext . villa guidice . day . 78 a ancient gypsy woman walk slowly around the house sing and wave burn twig . the staff be terrify and hold rosary . oscar watch from the terrace . the witch come into the garden and see oscar . oscar offer she cash . there be a deep rumbling noise . they look up . a cloud rise from mount vesuvius . the witch look at he for a long moment and shake she head , refuse he money . she turn away . walk through the house and out the front door . ext . restaurant . volcanic lake near naple . day . 79 the remain of a long and alcoholic dinner be strewn across the table in front of they . bottle of liqueur . a band play and a lady sing . a extremely attractive waiter serve a spellbound bosie . he mother , the proprietor of the restaurant observe happily . oscar the good news be there be no more rat . the bad news be that my allowance have be cut off . bosie do you always have to talk about money during dinner ? oscar obviously I should much prefer to discuss serve technique with we waiter but we must make some sort of plan , bosie . I come here at you invitation . you say you have fund . you do not . I accept that . but the fact remain we now have , what , six pound . bosie five . I have to pay last week renter . bosie wink at the waiter as he pass . oscar careful ! his mother be watch . 3/11/16 41 bosie yes , and she 's thrilled ! do not be a bore oscar ! what have happen to you ? oscar do not rise . bosie watch the waiter intently . bosie ( cont 'd ) we have six pound a week from my mother . we still have a hundred pound for the libretto you will never write . we still have stud and cufflink , friend and relation . and above all we still have each other . one of we could eat the other and make a tent out of the hide . for god sake stop worry . oscar remain silent . bosie beckon to the waiter , who rush over to the table with a bottle of wine which he uncork . bosie ( cont 'd ) ( italian ) what be you name ? young man Felice . bosie this be signor melmoth . I be Alfred . I have see you at the beach . you have a strong chest and shoulder . felice ( laugh ) si. he fill they glass . oscar you always talk to boy as though they be bloodstock , bosie . you should ask they to lift they hoof and show they mouth .. bosie and then thrash ’em . I need to make sure they do not fall at the first fence . the waiter leave . bosie follow he . oscar be leave alone . 3/11/16 80 81 82 42 int . villa guidice . night 80 through a crack in a door carmine and peppino watch entrance and horrify as oscar , hold a whip and dress as phedra recite racine . felice stand uncertainly in the middle of the room while bosie be bound and gag , tie naked to a chair . the crack of a riding crop against naked flesh . peppino wince . oscar v.o. come on , dear , fuck he ! int . villa guidice . bedroom . dawn 81 a mattress on the floor under a rip mosquito net . the debri of last night party on the floor . bosie and felice sleep tangle up in the dirty sheet . oscar watch from a chair . noise of sea crash and seagull scream . he get up and quietly leave the room . ext . villa guidice . day . 82 a huge red sun rise over the bay . a pink cloud sit on top of vesuvius . a fishing boat move slowly towards capri . fisherman dive from its prow . they voice come and go on the breeze . oscar watch . bosie appear wrap in a sheet . sit on the wall . light a cigarette , hand it to oscar . they smoke in silence . oscar ( finally ) its very beautiful . bosie you see ? oscar what ? bosie I can make you happy ! oscar yes . you can . no more anxiety , no more ambition . no time . just now . boy diving for pearl , a old sheep with he butcher , a bob boat on a silver sea , and scandal , just a small black dot against the edge of dawn . 3/11/16 83 84 43 ext country house england . day . 83 robbie walk to the front door . int . drawing room country house . day . 84 lady queensbury sit erect in widow black in a large beautiful room . a butler enter , follow by robbie . butler Mr Ross , m’lady . lady queensbury thank you paine . how do you do , Mr. Ross ? sit down will not you ? robbie thank you , Lady queensbury . lady queensbury I will come straight to the point . I gather my son be live with you friend in naple . I be reliably inform that you may be able to help I . I must rescue Lord Alfred from the clutches of Mr wilde . robbie or Mr wilde from the influence of you son , Lady queensbury . I be under the impression that you and Mr wilde be friend . lady queensbury indeed ? hardly . I be revolt by he on sight . a oily indolent toad dazzle by society . I say nothing of course - a mother know when to keep quiet -— although my flesh crawle when he enter a room . the connection with my son make he giddy . drunk. Lord Alfred be only twenty . robbie be you familiar with the circumstance of they early friendship ? the reason Lord Alfred approach Mr wilde in the first place . lady queensbury not exactly , no . 3/11/16 44 robbie then I shall tell you . you son be be blackmail by a young man at Oxford . bosie ask Mr wilde to help he . oscar do . a lawyer be find . money be pay - by wilde - never repaid . the problem be resolve and put on a ship bound for Australia . later on , it be you son who introduce oscar to the alley and lane of whitechapel , and the nighttime market of live flesh . just as it be you son who be guilty of all but one of the crime for which Mr wilde be later convict . nevertheless , Lady queensbury we should stand united . together we may be able to separate they . 85 int . villa guidice . bedroom . night 85 carmine , peppino and they son pilfer silently across the room , move through moonbeam while bosie and oscar snore in bed . 85a int . kitchen villa guidice . day 85a oscar have be cooking . bosie be dangerously drunk . bosie do you have any idea what a cunt you look in that apron . suddenly I be fuck you mother . oscar sit . be you fuck I ? bosie no. oscar yes you be . I can hear you . bosie ( imitate oscar ) all middle age poof end up like they mother . that be they tragedy . oscar look , bosie . it be not my fault we have be pillage by we own servant . try to be civil , or at any rate misquote I accurately . 3/11/16 45 bosie what be this anyway ? oscar pomodoro e aglio al forno . it be all mother Hubbard have leave in she cupboard . the postal order from you brother percy have still not arrive . I have be down to the post office three time already this morning . bosie God , I be sick of all this . always wait around for a hand out . they eat in silence . bosie ( cont 'd ) have you ever notice how people look around before they can even see we . at first I could not understand why . and then one day I see a man sniff as he turn . they can smell you come my dear . its quite a feat . the stench of raw scandal be quite overpower . oscar be stunne . oscar what be you try to say ? bosie I be not try to say anything . I be just sick of it , that 's all . oscar well maybe you should just pack up and get out . go back to you mother . bosie how could I ? they would say that I would abandon you . again . Robbie , Reggie , the whole Greek chorus . oscar well , maybe I could help you out . I be think of go to the beach this afternoon but , on reflection perhaps it would be more convenient if I simply adjourned to some overflow neapolitan latrine and blow my brain out ! 3/11/16 86 46 bosie possible ! oscar you would learn of the tragedy at tea time on the beach from one of you favourite sailor , and by supper time you would be in deep mourn on all four and the day would be yours . with he till the end . thick and thin . sickness and health you semi literate jump up little shit . bosie throw the content of he plate at oscar . a tomato land on he face . a moment stunne silence . bosie laugh . there be a knock on the front door . man voice hello ! be there anyone at home . oscar and bosie look at one another in disbelief . bosie oh , a visitor . be someone finally leave a card . Lay the tray for tea , oscar , there 's a pet ! ext . villa guidice . day . 86 bosie sit with a rather stiff English diplomat , beauchamp denis brown . bosie what bring you to naple , beauchamp . beauchamp various thing . I do not know whether you be au courant but the Prime Minister be building a house nearby . the ambassador want I to take a look . make sure everything be ship shape . have a few day to myself and think I have look you up . bosie how kind . I would offer you some tea but unfortunately the servant seem to have fle during the night . 3/11/16 47 beauchamp it could not matter less old boy . be not they absolutely hopeless here ? how be you dear ma ? bosie she be on splendid form . we spend a month together in bade bade . now she be back in England . 87 int . / ext . villa guidice . day . 87 oscar listen from the shadow . beauchamp v.o. bosie , I want to have a quiet word , if I may ? bosie v.o . by all mean . beauchamp v.o . the ambassador feel that you live here in broad daylight with er ... bosie v.o. oscar . beauchamp v.o . yes , precisely . live here with Mr wilde be very , shall we say , awkward . mal vu , you understand . Sir John have such fond memory of you long sojourn at the embassy and want very much to avoid any ... how shall I put it .... embarrassment , particularly with the pm in such close quarter . 88 ext . vila guidice . day . 88 oscar come into the garden with a tea tray still wear he apron . beauchamp look horrify . bosie ah , oscar . do you know beauchamp Brown . we be at school together . beauchamp stand . refuse oscar 's hand . beauchamp how do you do . 3/11/16 89 90 48 bosie beauchamp say that we live here together be a scandal . oscar . my whole existence be a scandal . tea , Mr. Brown ? beauchamp thank you , no . well I must be press on . do think about we little chat , will not you bosie and come and see we in Rome when you be pass through . bosie take he into the house . oscar stare out to sea . the front door slam . bosie walk slowly towards oscar . put he arm around he and lean he head on oscar 's shoulder . close he eye . they be silent for a moment . noise of sea etc . oscar you be right . it be a bore . ext . villa guidice . day . 89 oscar be write at a table under a tree . bosie be compose a sonnet . cricket buzz . boil noon . felice , half naked , be rake the gravel . oscar put down he pen . gather up the papers . look out to sea . oscar it be finish ! ext . vesuvius . day 90 a horse pull a cart up the steep volcano . bosie and oscar climb down and continue on foot . they be bicker . oscar v/o all man kill the thing they love . by all let this be hear . some do it with a bitter look . some with a flatter word . 3/11/16 91 92 93 94 49 int . cimetario della fontanella 91 oscar and bosie be show round this vast mausoleum carve into the rock by a guide with a flame torch . people pray in front of alter make entirely of skull . oscar.v/o the coward do it with a kiss the brave man with a sword . ext . naple street . day . 92 oscar and bosie walk down into the city , through thin dark street festoon with wash . they be not talk . oscar they hang he as a beast be hang . they do not even toll a requiem that might have bring rest to he startle soul ext . beach restaurant naple . day . 93 oscar and bosie deep in conversation . a young man pass . they both look up . oscar v.o . but hurriedly they take he out , and hide he in a hole . the chaplain would not kneel to pray ext . beach restaurant naple . night . 94 another table . bosie and oscar , dress in warm clothes be laugh . it be Christmas time . two young men pass . one , good look , turn back . oscar v.o . by he dishonor grave ; nor mark it with that bless cross , that Christ for sinner give , because the man be one of that whom Christ come down to save . later . the two young men sit with bosie and oscar . bosie be deep in conversation with the good look one . oscar make valiant headway with the ugly friend . 3/11/16 95 96 97 98 99 50 int . constance house . night . 95 cyril , vivian and constance be look at they Christmas tree . cyril be father all alone in the hospital ? constance of course not , darling . at Christmas all the patient have a party . int . villa guidice . night . 96 and what a party . bosie and the usual fishermen and sailor be play strip musical chair in front of a large tree light by candle . oscar play a piano . they wear paper hat and little else . the music stop and everyone run for a chair . int . constance house . night . 97 constance and she child hold hand and sing a carol int . villa guidice . night . 98 mayhem . a candle fall off the Christmas tree . the music start again . the group run around the chair wide eye and sweaty . a branch catch fire . the music stop and a fight break out between two fishermen . oscar come in to break it up . suddenly the whole Christmas tree be engulf by flame . int constance house . night . 99 the noise of flame become the rustling of paper . cyril unwrap a present from oscar , a ship in a bottle . vivian hide behind a curtain . cyril but this be a italian ship . vivian run to he mother . cyril roll he eye . 3/11/16 100 51 int . villa guidice . night . 100 smoke . scream . a bucket of water be throw . most of it land on oscar a local woman burst through the door . she be accompany by a shy girl of 18 clutching a wail baby in she arm . woman where be my son ? felice what be you do here ? the local woman lunge at felice . slap he hard . the young wife watch in horror . the baby scream . woman shame on you . look at she ! you wife ! how can you insult we like this . I know what you be do here . bosie and what might that be , madam ? woman where be the harlot , the loose woman who be lead my son to hell ? show they to I . I will drag they onto the street by the hair . afterwards my husband will castrate you S. melmoth . oscar but , signora . there be no woman here . bosie this be a gentleman 's party . woman liar ! the women stalk around the room , oblivious to the fact that almost everyone be half naked . she open door . everyone wait in silence . the young wife watch anxiously . the baby whimper . finally the woman come back into the room , laugh , go over to she son and kiss he on the head woman ( cont ’d ) oh bimbo , scusa I ! signor melmoth , I be sorry . I think there be woman here . but I see I be wrong . bless you signor . we will leave you . 3/11/16 101 102 she slap she son hard over the head , take by the arm . woman ( cont ’d ) do not make a noise when you come in , cicio . she leave . the company burst out laugh , dance around the burnt Christmas tree . int . constance house . night . cyril be try to remove the ship from the be give . constance vivian . this one be from papa . cyril vivian do not know who papa be . vivian yes I do . 52 the young wife and the party 101 bottle he have cyril look at he present for a moment , and then smashes it on the floor . int . villa guidice . night 102 bosie , deeply drunk , in he underwear have be cornere by felice who be hold a break bottle to he throat . oscar what on earth be go on ? bosie one can run up a bill for everything in this swamp except sex it seem . oscar there be never credit where love be concerned , bosie . you should know that . Felice , caro , believe I he be not worth it . shall I take that ? oscar take the bottle from felice 's hand , away . bosie start to speak . oscar ( cont 'd ) be silent ! now , what do he owe you ? felice my honour , signor . and lead he 3/11/16 53 bosie what bollock ! oscar I say be quiet . we be rather strapped for cash at present but this should see you through until tomorrow . oscar give felice a silver frame photograph of constance and the two boy felice thank you , signor melmoth . you gentleman , but this ! this be pig . oscar well spot . so clever of you to notice ! felice he do not know the value of anything . oscar nor the price , unfortunately . now let find you coat . you wife will be get worried . oscar usher he out of the room . bosie , pull up he trousers , lose he balance and crash to the floor . bosie what the hell do you give he that for ? oscar come back into the room . oscar a foolish question , I know , but why do not you just pay he ? bosie with what ? oscar with money . silence . bosie stagger to he foot . bosie I have not get any . oscar what do you mean , you have not get any ? silence . 3/11/16 54 oscar ( cont 'd ) well ? bosie my mother have stop my allowance . oscar what ? when do this happen ? oh Christ ! bosie I be wait for the right moment to tell you . oscar but in the mean time you imagine that wretch boy would fuck you for fun . bosie and why not ? oscar you vanity be extraordinary . the only person who ever fuck you for fun be I ! and look where it get I . the dock ! so that 's it then . we appear to have come to the end of the road . we be penniless . bosie well , not exactly . oscar oh ? bosie you could have two hundred pound and I could keep my allowance . oscar if ? bosie well , what mama and the family really can not stomach be the fact that we live together . she say that if we agree to separate she will reinstate my allowance and , very generously , I think , give you this substantial .... oscar tip ! for service render . to the family . would I get a good reference ? can I keep my cottage ? ( more ) 3/11/16 55 oscar ( cont 'd ) God , you all make I sick . you sanctimonious mother think that I can be bring off for two hundred pound . you family have destroy I , stripped I of everything , not least my genius . and all for two hundred pound ! bosie genius ! you destroy yourself , oscar , because underneath the pose there be no substance . one good comedy , three pot boil melodrama and that ridiculous fairy storey . that 's all you find if you scrape away the powder and the pancake . you success be interesting . you hunger for it perversely fascinating . but you , my dear , never be ! oscar you find I interesting enough when you be face with blackmail . bosie you be in you element . you see the green baize door swing open and you scuttle through it . oscar you be talk drivel . my father ... bosie be a drunken groper with dirty fingernails just like he son . oscar whereas you father be a assassin at large ! bosie oh , come on , oscar , you be still alive . oscar barely . oscar collapse to a chair gasp for breath and clutching he heart . bosie for God 's sake , stop act . oscar look up at bosie 3/11/16 103 104 56 oscar it 's strange . I have never really look at you before . I give you my whole life and now I see it before I daube in shit . int . station naple . night . 103 a porter load bosie 's luggage on to the train . bosie lean out of the window . oscar stand gloomily on the platform . bosie I will write to you when I get to Rome . where will you be ? oscar I have really no idea . I suppose I may as well stay here until the lease run out . then I shall probably go to Paris . who know ? at any rate we will be in touch . dear boy , do you mind awfully if I do not wait ? I be not really make for wave pocket handkerchief at parting train . he turn and lumber away down the platform wave as he go . oscar ( cont 'd ) I be too big ! bosie watch oscar disappear into the crowd . int . villa guidice . night . 104 oscar wake . the furniture be rattling and the room be bath in a weird glow . through the window vesuvius be erupting . lava spew from the crater . oscar watch entrance . the door open and constance appear . constance hello oscar . oscar constance ? be it ... constance where be Lord Alfred ? have he leave ? be you quite alone now ? oscar where be the boy ? 3/11/16 105 106 107 57 constance I must get on . such a long way to go . she rise , bent double and walk towards the wall . oscar constance , we never mean to ... constance I love you so much . always . odd , be not it ... constance disappear . a disembody girl voice sing . girl the boy I love be up in the gallery the boy I love be look down at I there he be , can not you see , wave he handkerchief ... violent knocking . int . villa guidice . day . 105 oscar wake and stumble to the front door . a urchin hand oscar a telegram . insert telegram : regret to inform you constance dead . genoa . internment private . Robbie . ext . villa guidice . day 106 a handcart be be load with oscar be batter luggage . ext . terrace villa guidice . day . 107 oscar look out to sea . he turn around and walk through the bedroom . he take the photograph of queen victoria from the bedside table . he walk through the house with it , drop the key on the floor as he go through the front door . without look back he follow the handcart . 3/11/16 108 109 58 int . train to paris . night . 108 oscar sit vacantly look through the window of a third class carriage ploughing through the night . constance v.o. will you be come home soon ? the boy miss you terribly . flashback . int . savoy HOTEL . day . 109 constance stand in the long hotel corridor . she have a pile of letter . oscar stand inside the door . he be not let she in . behind he a grandiose room can be see . oscar if only I could remember the address ! bosie appear in a djellabha . bosie what address ? be you leave I oscar ? how be you constance ? constance thank you , bosie . quite well . oscar , we shall be at home this afternoon . do try ! bosie oh , nursery tea ! what fun . we ’1ll both come , will not we oscar . oscar shut the door . that be a narrow escape . a stocky youth stretch in the bed . flashback . int . nursery . day . 110 constance preside at the table . oscar and bosie either side smoking and laugh at a private joke . the two little boy watch silently . int . train to paris . night . 111 oscar I be nothing . int . cafe do LA paix . paris . day . 112 snowflake flutter from a heavy white sky past the large window of a cafe . 3/11/16 59 oscar sit at a table in a shabby overcoat , lose in think . a young man , ( jean ) come into the bar with a wicker basket half full of bunch of snowdrop . he be rag and freeze . jean a bunch of flower sir . two for a centime . oscar wake from he reverie and gaze at the young man . oscar ah! snowdrop . the freeze tear of God . i’1l have they all . what be you name , dear boy ? jean Jean , sir oscar Jean , sit with I . have a drink to warm you up . jean ( look around ) not here , Sir . but you can buy I one later at the calisaya if you fancy . oscar I certainly do . int . bar calisaya . night 113 oscar and jean be drink absinthe . oscar I use to be quite famous , you know . jean roll he eye . jean oh , yes ! when be that ? oscar you do not believe I but it 's true . oscar momentarily lose he train of think . oscar ( cont 'd ) I be so famous that once I be even lower down a mine in a bucket . 3/11/16 114 60 jean what for ? oscar the dear miner have invite I to dinner . jean be uneasy . oscar laugh . two more glass arrive on the table . oscar put one arm around jean . with the other he pour water onto sugar cube in the two glass of absinthe . he be a deat seducer . oscar ( cont 'd ) yes , indeed . I travel the length and breadth of the Americas . my own train . the interior , upholster in green morocco . you very good health ! they clink glass and drink . oscar 's fleshy bejewel hand begin to crawl along jean 's leg . his face move in close , he voice be melodious and intimate . jean be mesmerize . oscar ( cont 'd ) I civilise America . it take quite a long time , but I think it be worth it . in the rocky mountain be a town call leadville . I speak to the young miner of leadville on the need for beauty . oscar be hand have arrive at jean 's crotch and squeeze . his eye widen . jean you be mad ! oscar yes , I be . quite mad . now , ona more serious subject where do you steal that two jewel . jean what jewel ? oscar you eye ! int hovel , clignancourt . day . 114 Black screen . a child voice count . oscar wake on a mattress that be more like a dog basket in a hut with a mud floor . 3/11/16 61 a thirteen year old boy ( leon ) be count match into match box in the corner of this shanty dwelling . oscar do not know where he be . groan . the boy jump up leon ( scream ) he 's awake . jean , the young man from last night , appear . oscar where be I ? and who be you ? jean clignacourt . I be Jean . and this be Leon . jean nudge leon towards oscar . the boy hold out he hand gingerly . oscar shake it . oscar extremely glad to know you , monsieur leon give I some money . jean slap leon over the head . jean oi ! behave . leon and I ‘'1l cook he a egg ! oscar how kind . now where be my pocket book ? to he surprise , he find it in he breast pocket . give a note to leon who dash from the house . jean watch as oscar rise with difficulty from the bed . oscar ( cont 'd ) I be afraid last night be rather a blur . I like you brother . jean start to make up a fire in a makeshift grate . jean he should not be here . have not see he in five year . then one day he just turn up . all the way from lille . 3/11/16 62 oscar look around . Rough plank wall . tarpaulin roof . dirt floor . a photograph be pin to the wall of a woman . oscar ah! family . so important . be that you mother . jean be . jean go outside . oscar ( look at the picture ) I have two son . jean come back in with wood . jean what ? oscar nothing . I have get quite a head . later , leon cook egg in a saucepan over a small fire at the side of the room . the brother eat , ravenously . oscar watch . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( deeply touch ) shall I tell you a story ? I be rather good at storey . jean ( mouth full ) another time , monsieur . we have to work . come on . ext . shanty . day . 115 oscar and the two boy walk through the snowy lane of the parisian favela . ext . cafe do LA paix . night 116 snow turn to rain . a summer downpour . the street glitter and steam . the terrace be pack . oscar , penniless , sit at a table and nurse the remain of a drink . later , he be talk to a english vicar and he friend , hold forth , as the bill arrive . oscar beam as they pay and leave . later he be alone look at the rain . waiter watch he from inside the bar . 3/11/16 63 suddenly the awning in front of the bar be cranke back , a huge deluge of water fall on oscar . the waiter laugh . a very drunk oscar sit in the pour rain . his hat be drench . people stare as they go past and he wave pathetically . robbie ross walk by . oscar see he oscar Robbie ! stop a moment . please ! robbie turn back . he be under a umbrella . robbie oscar ! why be you sit in the rain ? oscar I have spend all my ready cash on youth and beauty , and I can not pay . do help I Robbie . please robbie be shocked by oscar 's state robbie let go inside . int . cafe do LA paix . night 117 robbie and oscar sit . oscar , exceedingly drunk , call the waiter . oscar like dear St. Francis , I be wedd to poverty . only in my case , the marriage be not a success . Robbie , you be naughty . how long have you be here ? ( to waiter ) how much do we owe you ? waiter twelve francs . robbie ( roll he eye ) twelve francs ? God , oscar ! oscar its be a long day . do you have twelve francs or not , dear ? robbie of course ( to the waiter ) thank you . 3/11/16 64 oscar once again I be in you debt . ( to waiter ) absinthe . two . bobbie I have miss you so much . month of punitive silence . naple be , as you so accurately predict , a disaster . robbie smile despite himself . oscar ( cont 'd ) it seem as though I be always ask for it , but do I have you forgiveness ? robbie forgiveness be for amateur , and you , dear oscar , be a professional masochist . come on , I 'il take you home oscar oh , dear boy so cruel ! robbie anyway , to be pardon would mean nothing to you . you always want to serve the full sentence . can you forgive yourself ? oscar oh , Robbie , what a uncompromising curtain raiser . the ruin woman hardly know how to react . should I leave the room , or should I fall again into you arm ? of course bobbie , you silly little thing I shall never forgive myself for be bear ! 118 ext . street and HOTEL D ’alsace . night . 118 oscar and robbie walk back to the Hotel . robbie have to support oscar who stumble and weave . oscar to think that I have waste so much time , sacrifice everything , for a person who be quite simply not my style . however . now I have a young panther who quite twist my lip with kiss ... robbie spare I the detail ! 3/11/16 65 oscar with a little brother of thirteen who enjoy my storey . they live together at clignacourt the little one have the consumption and sell match . you shall meet they . they be quite charming . robbie indeed . but the poet . the artist . you old friend . what of they ? oscar lose in the mist , dear boy . I be a vampire . I lurk in the noon shadow , blanch by sunlight , but at dusk I bloom , a deadly nightshade that kill with a kiss . sometimes they see I . the old friend . leave a cafe . under a lamp . get off the omnibus , and I see they , they face twisted with terror and disgust , as though the gate of hell suddenly gape before they . it 's really quite amusing . robbie but you have not lose everything , oscar . reading gaol be the most successful poem ever write oscar most successful . most brilliant . most promise . most ambitious . most cruel . most sorrowful . most dangerous . most disgusting . word ! word ! word be irrelevant . do you think I be go mad ? robbie no , oscar , but I do not believe a ' word 's you say . oscar no . I be go mad . I shall never write again , bobbie . I do not need to . a life of squalor have be reveal to I . I embrace it . robbie oscar . you do not live in squalor . there be light and water ... 3/11/16 66 oscar and linoleum and indescribable wallpaper . but let we not squabble like two disgruntled housemaid . let we rather black we grate with a light heart and chatter about we better . bosie , we hear , have come into twenty thousand pound . he arrive next week . I think I might touch he for a tiny pour boire when I dine with he . what do you say ? robbie well , he have bring a stud outside Paris . oscar typical . he know absolutely nothing about horse and yet he always manage to back the loser . ( suddenly coy ) will you come up , Robbie ? robbie no , oscar . let forget all that . pause . oscar do I hurt you terribly ? the two men look at each other . finally . robbie I think you hurt yourself more . good night , oscar . oscar then until tomorrow . we shall have moule . good night dear boy . oscar go into the Hotel . int . cafe do LA paix . night 119 a ill assort group . robbie , oscar , bosie and he latest conquest . oscar be blotchy and cover with grease . bosie how long be you here , Robbie ? robbie I be join my mother in menton on Tuesday . 3/11/16 67 bosie more paraffin injection ? how lovely . you should take oscar . he look like a rotten egg in aspic . what happen ? oscar I be poison by a moule last week when Robbie arrive . I have have mysterious skin ever since . bosie oh , leprosy I expect . oscar thank you , my dear . but let we talk of more cheerful thing ! you father death , for example . how do it go ? bosie without a hitch for the most part . in and out of consciousness . oscar as in life ! bosie my brother percy go to see he just before the end . Father open he eye and spat at he . robbie queensbury rule until the end ! oscar well I , at least , have outlive my nemesis , although I be more or less starve at the moment . bosie shovel down lobster newberg ! oscar a magnificent treat . and at the moment , sadly all too rare . bosie dear , this bring I rather neatly to a awkward point ... bosie oscar ! do not ask I for money ! I have absolutely none to spare . 3/11/16 68 oscar but dear boy , you have just inherite twenty thousand pound , have you not ? surely you do not wish to see I on the street ? bosie as you be behave like a old prostitute , oscar , perhaps the street be where you belong . oscar shrug he shoulder and keep eat . robbie for god sake , bosie ... bosie this have nothing to do with you , Robbie . keep out of it ! garcon ! robbie unfortunately it have . since oscar throw in he lot with you at naple , he be cut adrift by everyone . constance have die . his son have be take away from he . his so call friend have desert he . and now you , who owe he everything , turn you back . bosie ( scream ) I be sick and tired of be blame for the self inflicted wound of a gluttonous snob . I be not my lover keeper . if he want to eat he should work ! oscar what have you write recently ? a waiter wheel a trolley towards the table . oscar ah . the pudd trolley . ( to the young man ) I see you little eye light up . what shall we have ? Robbie , dear , you will burst a hemorrhoid . it be only a pass think ... bosie like all you work . robbie you disgust I , bosie . 3/11/16 120 121 69 bosie do you suppose I care . I ask you a question oscar . do the flame still burn ? no , it do not , do it . so I be suppose to keep you in luxury while you stumble about the boulevard begging for drink . Christ ! some of we have to work . bosie throw cash on to the table and storm out drag the boy with he . with difficulty robbie help oscar get up from the table . int . HOTEL D ’alsace . bedroom . day . 120 in the same movement , robbie be now help oscar into bed as the image of the restaurant recede around they . dr . tucker , a surgeon and a nurse materialise . they be prepare for a operation . oscar be agitate . oscar have you tell bosie ? robbie I have not see he since the terrible lunch . oscar you must . if anything happen ... robbie it wont . the nurse begin to cover oscar in linen so that only he face and ear be visible . dr . tucker give oscar a injection . oscar be it really necessary , Dr. tucker ? I feel perfectly well , you know . dr . tucker we shall be as quick as we can . int . stair HOTEL D ’alsace . day . 121 M. dupoirier come up the stair with towel and a jug of water . a muffle scream from inside the room . 3/11/16 122 123 70 int . HOTEL D ’alsace . bedroom . day . 122 a medieval scene . the surgeon be cut inside oscar 's ear . there be blood everywhere . oscar have come round and have cramme he clench fist in he mouth to stop himself from cry out . the nurse smother he face with a towel drench in chloral . oscar be eye bulge and then close . int . HOTEL D ’alsace . bedroom . dusk . 123 oscar , truss up in bandage , sleep . robbie , maurice , dr tucker watch and whisper . he wake . the room seem tiny . just face press in . oscar try to focus . oscar be that you maurice ? come here immediately and ravish I ! dr . tucker ( stiffly ) no , it be i. Dr tucker . how be you feel ? oscar medium , dear , rather medium . dr tucker put a thermometer in oscar 's mouth . the door open and reggie come in wear a overcoat , carry a travel bag . reggie nurse Turner report for duty . everyone be momentarily lift . robbie and reggie hug . dr . tucker clap reggie on the back , and oscar 's eye bulge with pleasure . robbie thank God you be here . reggie how be the patient ? dr . tucker if he would only refrain from drink ... he remove the thermometer from oscar 's mouth . look at it . say nothing 3/11/16 71 reggie darling oscar . dr . tucker we should have he up and about in a couple of day . do try to knock some sense in to he , Mr Turner , while you be here . neither Mr Ross nor I seem to have any influence . oscar ( to robbie ) when be you leave ? robbie my train be at half past nine . reggie be you meeting you mother at the station ? robbie no , she 's already in menton . oscar Reggie . Dr. tucker . would you excuse we for a moment . everyone be surprised . robbie and reggie exchange look . reggie but oscar , I have just arrive . oscar Reggie , please ! dr . tucker of course . they leave . robbie what be it oscar ? oscar try to speak but can not . finally he burst into tear . oscar oh , Robbie . I shall never see you again . robbie of course we shall see each other again oscar . what be you talk about ? 3/11/16 72 oscar Robbie , do not go . stay a little longer . surely you mother can spare you ... robbie oscar , you know she can not . I be already a week late . oscar continue to cry like a baby . oscar I shall never see you again . I know it . hold I dearest boy . just for a minute . I be so afraid . renewed sob . robbie sit on the bed and put he arm around oscar . robbie do not cry or I will cry too . robbie rock oscar back and forth . robbie ( cont 'd ) I shall settle my mother and I be back . oscar really ? robbie untangle himself from oscar who sit in he bed look down and cry quietly . robbie open the door . reggie and dr . tucker come in . robbie Goodbye , Reggie dear . thank you so much . let I know how it all go , will not you . they embrace . robbie and dr . tucker shake hand . robbie ( cont 'd ) look after he , Doctor , and oscar . no drink ! oscar ( blow he nose ) no drink . robbie kiss oscar on the lip , hold he hand . go to the door . oscar look like a abandon dog , but try to put on a brave face . 3/11/16 124 125 73 oscar ( cont 'd ) Robbie darling , try to finda little cup in the hill above Nice where I might go to recuperate and be near you . robbie I will try . robbie turn at the doorway , and bow slightly . omitted 124 int . HOTEL d’alsace . bedroom . night . 125 reggie come into the room and stand at the door watch oscar . his eye be close but big tear roll from under the lid . reggie oscar , you old fraud . you look perfectly well . oscar I know . can you believe it ? one poisonous moule four month ago and I have be in and out of bed ever since . dear boy , behind the commode you will find a bottle of champagne . open it , and let drink to you arrival . reggie we should not really . oscar of course we should not . you have cross the water for a treasure friend . there be glass under the bed . reggie open the champagne . oscar clutches at he stomach and groan as he try to sit up . reggie poor darling ! but I hear you be do a new play . oscar ( uneasy ) yes , in a way . Robbie have leave I some divine note book in which to scribble beautiful thought , but unfortunately I have not have any this year . ( more ) 3/11/16 74 oscar ( cont 'd ) I will tell you a terrible secret - do not tell Robbie , please Reggie , there 's a dear . reggie pour champagne . oscar lean towards he and whisper . oscar ( cont 'd ) I have sell the play to three different individual , and I have not write a single word . Rather clever , do not you think ? there be nothing like a irish beggar , once he get into he stride . reggie but what will you do when the time come to deliver it ? oscar die ! I be paralyse by dark thought . sometimes I wonder . be it a moule ? it could be something else . oh God ! reggie what ? oscar be overwhelm , and put he hand on he ear . oscar why do constance die ? why have I become so mad ? Reggie , my brain have crash and shattered . be this ... oscar be tremble . reggie take he hand . reggie what , oscar ? from oscar be point of view the room be suddenly enormous . constance appear in the distance . she walk towards the bed sing . she be young and beautiful and regards oscar lovingly . constance ( whisper ) syphilis . she disappear and the room contract . oscar be rigid with fear . reggie watch , concerned . oscar do you see the hell in which I live ? Robbie want I to write a play and I be wrestle with my soul , Reggie . I can not write a play . 3/11/16 75 reggie ( kind but firm ) of course you can . you must ! now come on , oscar . pull yourself together . the doctor say in a few day we may take you out for a drive . you see ? we be go to have a lovely time . 126 omitted . 126 127 ext . bois do boulogne . dusk . 127 oscar , reggie and maurice drive through the park . Autumn leave fall . the sky be white and blustery . oscar what do it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose he own soul ? reggie what ? why do you ask ? oscar I be drive through the park , one Sunday , year ago , and close by marble arch there stand a little crowd of shabby look people listen to some vulgar street preacher . as I pass by , I hear the man yell out that question to he audience . it strike I as be rather dramatic . a wet Sunday , a uncouth Christian in a macintosh , a ring of sickly white face under a break roof of drip umbrella , anda wonderful phrase flung into the air by shrill hysterical lip . it be really very good in its way . the three men laugh . oscar be proud of he memory . reggie that 's marvellous oscar . do you remember everything you have write ? oscar be not it extraordinary . I can not think what happen last week . one 's whole life be a blur . all that remain , clear , black and white , carve in stone , be the word . ( more ) 3/11/16 76 oscar ( cont 'd ) word write on page under long forget moon . shall we stop off for a drink on the way back ? reggie you know what Dr. tucker say . oscar Dr. tucker be a quack ! that be the secret of he success . come on , Reggie . I be feel so much better . just not be coope up in that terrible room be a elixir ! reggie I could not agree with you more . but just one . 128 int . bar calisaya . dusk . 128 reggie and maurice help oscar into the bar . a waiter come to the table . waiter ahh , m melmoth ! we have be worried about you oscar absinthe , henri . Three . reggie oscar ! oscar fuck off , Reggie . one last drink before I die ! a couple raise they glass to oscar . this be he local and everyone be happy to see he back . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( to the waiter ) have you see the boy ? waiter they be here yesterday . reggie you be not die , oscar . oscar oh yes I be dear boy . it be November . I shall not outlive the century . the English would never permit it . 3/11/16 129 77 the couple have appear and sit down . oscar make introduction as drink arrive and more be order . a man enter the bar and greet oscar loudly . oscar wave grandly back . ccut to later , through the window of the bar , the last impromptu party be get out of control . oscar be surround , hold forth for the last time . more drink arrive . reggie , deep in conversation with maurice , be unconcern . int . HOTEL d’alsace . bedroom . night . 129 reggie and maurice undress a drunken oscar . a good deal of laughter . finally oscar be tuck up in bed and sneeze loudly follow by a fart . more hilarity . reggie and maurice tidy up and flirt . there be a knock on the door . reggie who could it be at this hour ? maurice open the door . jean and leon come into the room . they each have a bunch of flower . reggie ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) Christ ! be we to be spare nothing ? oscar boy ! what a marvellous surprise . sit down and have a glass of champagne . oscar pat the side of he bed , and the two brother gingerly sit down . introduction be make . oscar ( cont 'd ) and how be life on the boulevard ? all well in the underworld ? jean we hear that you be sick . leon be you die ? jean shut up ! leon because if you be , you have to finish the story . you still owe we ten francs , you know ! 3/11/16 78 oscar you see , Reggie , more creditor to add to we list . I be die beyond my mean ! dear boy , you shall have the story , we shall have champagne , cocaine , and perhaps one last mauve moment for I .... everyone groan . oscar ( cont 'd ) it be a joke ! now sit down everyone and we will begin . where be I ? leon the two emerald . oscar the two emerald . let I see . ' it be winter 's say the swallow . ' in Egypt the sun be warm . my companion be building a nest in the Temple of baalbec and pink and white dove be watch they and coo softly to each other . dear Prince , I must leave you , but I will never forget you and next spring I shall bring you back two beautiful jewel in place of that you have give away . turn down the gaslight would you Reggie ? in the light from the fire the group settles down . reggie sit on a small sofa next to maurice , and the two brother at the end of the bed . leon begin to cough . there be blood . reggie , horrify , cover he mouth with a handkerchief . oscar ( cont 'd ) ' in the square below , 's say the happy Prince , 's there stand a little match boy . his match have fall in the gutter , and they be all spoiled . his sister will beat he if he do not bring home some money , and he be cry . he have no shoe or stocking and he little head be bare . pluck out my emerald eye and give they to he , and he sister will not beat he . everyone listen . eye glitter in the firelight . reggie 's hand be stroking maurice 's leg later reggie be asleep , he head on maurice 's shoulder . the other be nodd off . only leon listen intently . 3/11/16 79 oscar ( cont 'd ) then the swallow come back to the Prince . ' you be blind now , 's he say , ' so I will stay with you always . ' then the snow come , and after the snow come the frost . at last the swallow know that he be go to die . 130 flashback . int . nursery . night . 1889 130 a different bed and different people . oscar 's two child listen enrapture as a young oscar read . oscar he have just enough strength to fly up to the Prince 's shoulder once more . ' Goodbye dear Prince ! 's he murmured . ' I be glad you be go to Egypt little swallow . 's Said the Prince . 131 int . HOTEL D ’alsace bedroom . night . 1900 . 131 oscar gasp , lose suddenly in memory . oscar it be not to Egypt I be go . it be to the house of death . death be the brother of sleep , be he not ? 's and he kiss the happy Prince on the lip and fall down dead at he foot . silence . oscar look around . oscar ( cont 'd ) the disciple sleep . the end be nigh . oscar sneeze extravagantly . the sound of distant applause . he smile . 132 int . london theatre . night . 1895 . 132 oscar and he two son watch a performance of ' the importance of be earnest 's from a box . dr chasuble be the cause of death mention ? jack a severe chill , it seem . 3/11/16 80 miss prism as a man sow , so shall he reap . dr chasuble Charity , dear miss prism , charity ! none of we be perfect . I myself be particularly susceptible to draught . will the internment take place here ? jack no . he seem to have express a desire to be bury in Paris . dr chasuble in Paris ! I fear that hardly point to any very serious state of mind at the end . the audience explode with laughter . the boy look at they father with pride . cyril ( lean over and whisper ) come home soon father . oscar tommorrow . I promise . 133 omitted . 133 134 int . HOTEL D ’alsace bedroom . day . 1900 . 134 oscar wave goodbye . the two boy shimmer in the distance . reggie watch concerned . oscar and tomorrow and tomorrow ! oscar eye fill with tear . reggie oscar ? oscar Reggie . the boy ! reggie which one ? maurice ? bosie ? oscar I be sorry . awfully sorry . so many break heart . ( more ) 3/11/16 135 136 oscar ( cont 'd ) they will have to live with it . for ever . World without end . 81 the boy fade away . the room contract . oscar have a massive stroke . he look wildly at reggie , mistake he for a waiter , and gesture feebly . oscar ( cont 'd ) garcon , encore du champagne ! int . HOTEL D ’alsace . corridor . night . robbie and reggie be outside oscar 's room . reggie thank God you have come back . yesterday she decide I be a waiter . robbie and today ? reggie God know . he have not speak . and now the Doctor say he can not last more than forty eight hour . robbie have you call a Priest ? reggie oh ! should I have ? robbie well , I will then . we must . they go in to oscar 's room . int . HOTEL D ’alsace bedroom . night . robbie oscar ? oscar ! no response . robbie take oscar 's hand . robbie ( cont 'd ) can you hear I ? a small squeeze . robbie ( cont 'd ) oscar , would you like I to fetch a Priest ? oscar look into robbie 's eye . a faint smile . he head and squeeze robbie 's hand . 135 136 nod he 3/11/16 137 82 robbie get up to leave but oscar hold on to he , look intently into he eye . robbie look around helplessly . reggie shrug , but M. dupoirier produce a rosary from he waistcoat and offer it to robbie , who press it into oscar be hand . oscar 's eye close . dupoirier you could try the passionist father on the rue du bac . int . carriage . paris . night . 137 robbie and a small irish Priest , fr . dunne be jolting back towards the Hotel do alsace . robbie I must tell you , father , the die man have be quite a well know literary figure . fr . dunne it 's all one and the same thing to we Lord . he have no time to read , Mr. Ross , with all of we sinner clogging up the road to hell . but who might you friend be who have come home so late and yet so thirsty for the sacred blood of Christ ? a moment silence . robbie take a deep breath . robbie oscar wilde . fr . dunne 's eyeball nearly pop out . fr . dunne Jesus Christ ! ( flustered ) have Mr wilde express a desire for extreme unction ? robbie most certainly . while he could still speak . fr . dunne have he be receive ? be he not a protestant ? robbie he be mean to be a Catholic . robbie break down . 3/11/16 83 fr . dunne oh , my son , do not worry . I be sure we can sort something out . I have everything we might need with I , unless of course exorcism be call for . fr . dunne laugh . robbie dry he eye . fr . dunne ( cont 'd ) just my little joke . I must say I be quite excited . I once sit , in the gallery of course , through a performance of the ideal husband . now there 's a play , although I gather Mr wilde be not much of one himself . still , God move in mysterious way , he wonder to perform . 138 int . HOTEL D ’alsace bedroom . night . 138 oscar lie still clutching the rosary with half open eye . reggie sit by the bed . dupoirier open the door . dr tucker listen to oscar 's pulse . fr . dunne ah ! we be in time . good evening m dupoirier . we miss you on Sunday . robbie go straight to the bed . robbie oscar , can you hear I ! this be fr. dunne . Reggie move ! reggie move into the shadow . robbie sit by the bed and take oscar 's hand . robbie ( cont 'd ) ( almost shouting ) oscar . fr. dunne be willing to receive you into the church and give you absolution but you need to sit up and pay attention .... fr . dunne now , now Mr. Ross , between the stirrup and the ground there be always time for a act of contrition . there 's no need to hurry . good evening Mr. wilde . I be Father Cuthbert dunne . now . ( more ) 3/11/16 139 140 84 fr . dunne ( cont 'd ) I be go to say some very simple thing to you but I need to know that you have understand . a small sign be all that I shall need . oscar raise he hand slightly . fr . dunne ( cont 'd ) that 's right . let we all kneel . robbie , dr . tucker , fr. dunne and dupoirier kneel by the bed and cross themselves . reggie uncertainly follow suit . oscar regards the face around the bed and begin to panic . he be somewhere else . fr dunne in the name of the father and the son and the holy ghost . amen . Father , look with pity on you servant oscar . absolve he of all he sin . Mr wilde . examine you conscience . Close on oscar . fr dunne ( cont ’d ) there be no secret between man and God . talk to he . where do you lose sight of we bless Lord ? oscar ( barely a whisper ) clapham Junction . flashback . ext . clapham junction platform . day . 1895 . 139 oscar in prison uniform , handcuff to a guard sit on a bench wait for a train . he be surround by a jeer crowd . fr. dunne v.o. Jesus Christ be nail to the cross at golgotha so that you sin may be forgiven . on the third day he rise again . int . HOTEL room . night . 1900 . 140 oscar convulse . robbie and reggie hold he down . fr dunne 3/11/16 141 142 85 I baptise you , in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost . amen . he raise he arm to sprinkle holy water on oscar . ext . clapham junction platform . day . 141 a burly man spit on oscar 's face in slow motion . the crowd laugh and other follow suit . int . HOTEL D ’alsace bedroom . night . 142 fr dunne stand up and anoint oscar . oscar be face be cover in tear . fr dunne though I walk in the valley of death , I raise mine eye to the hill whence cometh my delight . oscar look up into fr dunne 's eye . oscar' vision of jesus . jesus , bleed , crown with thorns , surround by radiance , take oscar 's face in he hand and kiss he forehead , then both he wrist . oscar reach out towards he but he 's go . in he place fr dunne make a final sign of the cross . the extreme unction be complete . oscar be more or less brain dead . everyone stand . fr . dunne there now . be not that beautiful . I will be away now . if you should need I again , we friend monsieur dupoirier know where to find I . robbie we be so grateful ... fr . dunne no , no , it 's be a privilege to meet such a distinguished author . in 1l find my own way down . fr dunne leave . dupoirier follow . reggie open the curtain . it be dawn outside . a cold clear light . 3/11/16 143 144 145 146 86 reggie it 's go to be a beautiful day . robbie sit down beside the bed , and put he head in he hand . in the silence a deep uneven rattle , like the clanking of a treadmill , come from oscar 's open mouth . the two men look up . the deathb vigil begin . robbie and reggie sit by the bed patiently watch . the only sound be oscar 's rattling breath . flashback . int reading gaol . treadmill . day . 143 oscar clamber on the big wheel . 1nt . HOTEL D ’alsace bedroom . morning . 144 robbie be still by the bed . reggie be at the window . dupoirier bring a tray of food . later . the death rattle continue . the food be untouched but the wine have be open . reggie be hold a glass . reggie oh , God , how much longer ? flashback . int reading gaol . treadmill . day . 145 oscar slip off the treadmill and bounce towards the ground but pull himself back up and continue . int . HOTEL D ’alsace bedroom . day . 146 maurice gilbert be sit by oscar hold he hand . dr . tucker stand at the end of the bed . reggie and robbie be sit by the window smoking and look down into the street where life go on in silence . suddenly the death rattle stop . they stand and move towards the bed . oscar be head loll to one side . his eye open suddenly fixate for ever on the frame photograph of queen victoria , which have follow he through exile . oscar' vision of paradise . 3/11/16 147 87 queen victoria , the prince of wale . princess alexandra , all the princess , there husband , the cousins , the grandchildren , and the court be sit in oscar 's room listen enrapture . oscar so they pull down the statue of the happy Prince . ' as he be no longer beautiful he be no longer useful 's say the art professor at the university . then they melt the statue in a furnace . we float from the bed , through queen victoria , and the row of stiff courtier , through a door and outside into daylight . oscar v.o. what a strange thing 's say the overseer of the workmen at the foundry . ' this break lead heart will not melt . we must throw it away . so they throw it on a dust heap where the dead swallow be also lie . ext . paris cemetery . day . 147 a coffin slide out of a hearse . it be carry through a shabby Cemetery and place in a open grave . robbie and bosie , reggie , jean , leon , maurice and Mr dupoirier stand by the grave . fr dunne incant the committal litany . bosie be sobbing hysterically . robbie for Christ 's sake , bosie , shut up . bosie you can not understand , Robbie . but how could you ? robbie understand what ? bosie the sort of love that oscar and I share . robbie you have never share anything with anybody . you be too fuck selfish . ( more ) 3/11/16 148 88 robbie ( cont 'd ) you so call love kill he . where be you when he be die ? reggie bobbie ! bosie here we go . you have never face the fact that oscar love I and not you . because he do not . do he ? however hard you try . and how you try ! robbie lose control and smack bosie hard across the face , nearly knock he over . robbie turn and walk away . reggie and maurice manage to stop bosie from fall into the grave . robbie leave the cemetery . in the background bosie scream . bosie ( cont 'd ) you second rate dwarf . do you know what oscar think about you ? reggie stop it , bosie ! bosie he think you be a useful bore . when history look back , it will not be at you . it will be at he and I . you will just be a footnote you dreary little cunt . Close on robbie . noise of a foghorn . ext . packet boat . dieppe . dawn . 1900 . 148 robbie be on board look back towards France as the boat pull out of the fog bound harbour and disappear into the green haze . oscar v.o . ' bring I the two most precious thing in the city 's say God to one of he angel and the angel bring he the leaden heart and the dead bird . 's you have rightly choose 's say God ' for in my garden of paradise this little bird shall sing for ever more and in my city of gold the happy Prince shall praise I . 3/11/16 149 89 int . nursery . night . 1889 149 a man blow out a candle by the bed of two sleeping child . he regards they lovingly , then quietly leave the room , close the door behind he . the end 3/11/16