the human stain screenplay by nicholas meyer base on the novel the human stain by Philip roth production — white February 25 , 2002 lakeshore entertainment '' lakeshore entertainment Corp. all rights reserved 1 ext . berkshire wood - night 1 a old volvo drive along a small , wind road ... nathan' voice over this be the story of the tricky life and bitter downfall of coleman silk . another angle on the volvo as the credit begin . we watch the car wend its moonlit way . the radio in the car be play Rogers and hart . 2 int . volvo - continuous 2 the driver , a attractive man in he mid-sixty . lean serenely against he , eye close , a handsome woman , mid thirty ... as the credit continue we occasionally CUT to a shot of a beat up red pick up truck sit ominously in the shadow at the side of the road . as the credit end we CUT to : close on the windshield of the pick up truck -- inside we see a shadowy figure . he Pov ( telephoto shot ) : ( look through the windshield ) in the distance the volvo round a curve in we direction . 3 ext . the parked red pick - up truck - continuous 3 as the headlight wink on , the pick - up roar to life and squeal onto the road , head in the opposite direction as the volvo . several angle -- we see the volvo and the pick - up head towards each other on the curving road . when the vehicle be near enough to see each other 's light , the pick - up abruptly swerve into the oncoming lane ... 4 int . volvo - continuous 4 the couple suddenly blind by the glare of headlight ! the woman wake up , startle , squint - driver Jesus - ! he pull the wheel over hard ! SOUND of squealing brake -! 5 ext . berkshire road - night 5 the volvo barely avoid the oncoming pick - up , but careen off the road , plunging wildly down a steep embankment , ricochett off tree and flipping into a small river ... 5s continued : 5 closer : no movement from within , there be a terrible silence . suddenly we hear the scream of a bird and CUT to : 6 ext . athena college - day 6 tight on a large crow as it flap it wing and fly away , screeching as it disappear into the sky . we see , in the distance , the tall steeple of a beautiful , white church , set against the berkshire in the distance . it be a idyllic set , over this we hear : a man' voice hey , if Clinton have fuck she in the ass , none of this would have happen . the camera move across to reveal a trio of tennis player { all middle - aged men ) - walk after a game , carry they racket , swigging bottled water and laugh . in the background we see a picturesque , small New England campus ; old , red-brick , ivy cover , white - column building , bisect footpath and huge , spread tree , bench ... 1st tennis player ( the original voice ) that would have keep she quiet . besides , in Arkansas , you be expect to be a ass man . that 's tradition . 2nd tennis player wait a minute , she be overwhelm by Starr 's team in that hotel room . 11 guy hit on she ? that be a gang bang ... 3rd tennis player come on , she be talk to Linda tripp , talk to everybody . she 's part of that dopey culture . yap , yap , yap - ~ 1st tennis player look , if Clinton could not figure monica lewinsky , then the guy should not be president ; that 's grounds for impeachment by itself . laughter . by now the three man have pass the camera and be head away from we . 2nd tennis player I keep tell you guy , in the ass be how you create loyalty . 6 continued : 6 3rd tennis player know what Kennedy would have tell she ? Nixon ? they would have tell she that not only would they not give she a job , nobody would ever give she a job again as long as she live . that she father would be out of work . and she mother and she brother . that no one in she family would earn another dime if she dare to open she mouth . 2nd tennis player yeah , he play it like a lawyer . that 's why he do not want to come . 1st tennis player hey , when he come , he be finish . evidence . the smoking come . ( laughter ) if he would fuck she in the ass , the nation would have be spare this terrible trauma . as the man continue walk away from the camera , laugh and talk , we hear : nathan' voice over 1998 be the summer of sanctimony . America be on a piety binge . propriety be king . after the fall of communism and before the horror of terrorism , there be a brief interlude when the nation be preoccupy by cocksucke . just then the tennis player intersect a attractive man in he mid-sixty ; he name be coleman silk and he be the same man we see earlier in the car crash . he wear a well cut , harris tweed jacket , grey flannel and carry a wear , but expensive briefcase . nathan' voice over ( continue ) what Nathaniel hawthorne call " the persecute spirit " be abroad in the land ... and Bill Clinton be not its only target . the camera follows coleman silk as he walk quickly across the campus head toward a classroom building in the distance . 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 nathan' voice over ( continue ) this be coleman silk . before the car crash , of course . once the powerful Dean of faculty and professor of classics at Athena College in western Massachusetts , one of the first Jews to teach in a classic department anywhere in America , coleman have spend over thirty year at Athena ... he take a pokey , sleepy hollow - type college and drag it kick and scream from mediocrity to excellence . as he enter the impose look building we hold for a beat : nathan' voice over ( continue ) of course , in the process , he make a good many enemy ... and finally " the persecute spirit " catch up with coleman ... dissolve to : 7 int . classroom - same : 7 on a beautiful palladian window -- that look out onto another impose church , this one in the gothic style . over this we hear coleman silk recite first in Greek , then in English : coleman' voice " sing o god , of the wrath of Achilles ... " the camera pan down from the window to coleman silk who stand in front of a desk on a raise platform . he hold a wear copy if the iliad in one hand coleman' voice ( continue ) all of european literature spring from a fight -- a barroom brawl really . and what be Achilles so angry about ? he and King agamemnon be quarreling over a woman , a young girl and she body and the delight of sexual rapacity ... Achilles , the most hypersensitive kill machine in the history of warfare . , 7 continued : 7 coleman' voice ( cont would ) Achilles , who because of he rage at not get the girl -- isolate himself defiantly outside the very society whose protector he be and whose need of he be enormous . Achilles have to give back the girl . ( a beat : ) this be how the great imaginative literature of Europe begin and that be why , three thousand year later , we be go to begin there today . miss ... ( scan the paper on the desk in front of he ) cumming , can you tell we ... coleman look up : he Pov : thirty student , silent , there be no sign of a response . closer on coleman --frown . coleman ( sardonic ) . still not here . and Mr. Thomas ?.. ( a beat : ) we be five week into the semester and I have not laid eye on either of this folk . do this people exist or be they spook ? freeze frame on coleman - nathan' voice over and now they have he . after thirty year of academic distinction , coleman silk would be bring down by the use of one single word . 8 int . faculty conference room - day 8 on professor delphine roux -- forty year old , chic , french accented . she be the chairperson of a faculty committee of seven . we note that one of the member of the committee be a middle age black man ( herb keble ) . professor roux be you aware , Professor silk , that Tracy cumming and William Thomas be African Americans ? 8 continued : 8 cross -cut to coleman who sit across the table from they , baffle . coleman ( with icy sarcasm ) how could I be ? I have never see they . professor roux but you be aware of the connotation of the word spook . coleman ( emphatic ) ghost . I be refer to she ectoplasmic character . he open he dictionary to the mark page - coleman ( continue ) here 's the first definition of the word : " spook . 1 . informal , a ghost ; specter . " another faculty member Dean silk , let I read you the second dictionary meaning : ( read ) " disparage . a negro . " coleman ( lean forward , speak emphatically , but with care ) I have never laid eye on they , how could I know they be black ? what I do know be that they be invisible . professor roux ( awkward pause ) nevertheless , they have lodge a complaint ... miss cumming be deva - coleman ( cut she off ) this student have not attend a single class ! " do they exist or be they spook ?! " consider the context . 8 continued : ( 2 ) 8 coleman ( cont would ) the only issue be the nonattendance of this student , they inexcusable neglect of work and they sheer chutzpah . to charge I with racism be not only false , it be spectacularly false . satisfied with he rebuttal , coleman rise and leave the room . hold on the faculty sit in silence . nathan' voice over however it be not go to be that easy . 9 int . Iris silk office in coleman' house - day 9 Iris they what ? Iris , coleman 's wife , a vital woman with a mane of crinkly , salt and pepper , fly-away hair , always threaten to burst the confines of band , pin , comb and pencil she thrust into it . she wear a ethnic but chic print dress and lot of " folkloric jewelry . " her office in they home be almost as much of a rat 's nest as she hair , bespeak she many civic and aesthetic activity - coleman accuse I of quote , employ a racist epithet . unquote . Iris what epithet ? coleman spook . fifty year ago , it be slang for - Iris ( cut he off ) I know what it be slang for . ( then : ) that 's absurd . do you remind they that when you be Dean , you hire the first black - coleman ( hasty irony ) African american - - 9 continued : 9 Iris hire the first African american ever on the faculty . what about herb keble ? he 's on the committee be not he ? herb and edith be friend of ours for God 's sake ! do not herb open he mouth ? coleman oh , yes ... ( a wither imitation of herb 's sonorous voice ) " I be sorry , coleman . I can not be with you on this . " closer on Iris -- outrage at the injustice . Iris well , we will fight they ! we will organize . my God , what a travesty - after thirty - five year of devote ... ( interrupt herself ) we will start a petition drive , that 's what we will ... ( racing ahead of herself ) we will get a lawyer . we will counterattack -- the camera hold on Iris as she continue , but the voice slow down and deepen , move out of sync with the image -- like a record slow down after the power have be shut off . Iris ( continue ) I have get friend among the - quick CUT of coleman -- as he realize something be horribly wrong . coleman ( a cry ) Iris ! very tight on Iris -- as she look toward she husband , a look of utter terror on she face . she know she be about to die . we slowly fade to black : nathan' voice over no , it certainly be not go to be that easy . 10 int . nathan zuckerman' cabin , berkshire - day 10 close on a desk cluttere with yellow legal pad , pencil , a computer . in the distance we hear the sound of a television set . nathan' voice over four hour later , Iris silk die in coleman 's arm . it be after that that coleman come into my life . the camera begins to pan past a cup fill with old coffee , half a sandwich , stack of book , etc. , etc . the impression : chaos which have not be touch to reveal nathan zuckerman , ( early 40' ) , stare at the tv ; he be the voice we have be hearing . Light flicker on he expressionless face . then , from 0.s. we hear the sound of someone bang on a door . Nathan Zuckerman pay no attention . we hear applause from the tv . the bang on the door become more insistent . Nathan reluctantly get to he foot - nathan ( yell ) I be come ... I be come ... on the door , he open it cautiously . nathan' Pov : coleman silk , wear chino and a sweater . what we notice immediately be that there be a ferocious intensity about the man ; a fire of what just might be madness in he eye . coleman Zuckerman ? Nathan Zuckerman ? nathan ( suspicious ) yeah ? coleman ( he charge inside without be ask ) we have get to talk . nathan I be afraid -- on coleman -- he turn on Nathan , suddenly suspicious . coleman you be the Zuckerman that 's the writer ? correct ? nathan yeah , but -- 10 continued : 10 . 10 coleman you last book win some sort of prize , right ? nathan ( start to get piss ) it be short list for the -- coleman that be five year ago ; what happen ? ( not wait for a answer ) blocked ? right ? you be block ; worried you do not have another story in you ? well I can fix that . I be the answer to you prayer . you know who I be ? nathan ( intrigue , at the very least ) Dean silk ? coleman Dean coleman silk , that 's right , the late , retire and now resign and unlament Dean silk , follow the murder ~ do you clock that ? - murder of my wife . ( face he ) how 's that grab you , Zuckerman ? good enough to get you juice flow ? huh ? nathan I be not sure I under - throughout the follow coleman pace around the room , pause sometimes to pick up something only to immediately put it down . occasionally he sit only to jump to he foot almost immediately and resume he pace . coleman that son of bitch kill my wife , Nathan - - you do not mind if I call you Nathan ? ( not wait for a answer ) they kill she as sure as if they have take a gun and fire it into she heart . who would have think Iris could not take it ... 10 continued : 11 . ( 2 ) 10 coleman ( cont would ) ( reflective ) strong as she be , brave as she be . ( back to Nathan ) but they kind of stupidity be too much even for a juggernaut like Iris . massive embolism . I get she to the hospital , but it be too late . ( fix Nathan with a look ) the point be they mean to kill I , and they get she instead ; all in the name of political correctness ~ - a oxymoron if I ever hear one . ( pleased with himself ) there 's you book , Zuckerman . nathan look , Dean - coleman coleman , just coleman . " all my other title I have give away " - nathan look ...ah , coleman , I can see you be devastate . and I be sorry , really sorry . but I write fiction -- coleman ( cut he off ) believe I , this thing will read like the manchurian candidate - they murder the wrong person , for chrissake , and for what ? one word . " spook " ? let I tell you something , Nathan . ( confidentially ) my father be a saloon keeper in New Jersey -- the only jewish saloonkeeper in East Orange . he only get as far as the seventh grade , but he insisted on the precision of word and I have keep faith with he . ( as though convincing himself ) I have keep faith with he . coleman have run out of steam for the moment . flop onto the ratty sofa as Nathan study he . then , cautiously - 12 . 10 continued : ( 3 ) 10 nathan if you do not mind a suggestion , maybe you ought to write this book yourself . coleman consider this . coleman maybe so . maybe I should at that . ( then , look around the room : ) you be divorced , right ? nathan do it show ? coleman Nathan , you have the look about you of a man at loose end . ( sigh ) take one to know one . nathan what 's the moment call in Greek tragedy - you know , the one where the hero learn that everything he know be wrong ? coleman peripeteia ... nathan ( rueful ) that 's I . tight on coleman -- he smile - different from the killer grin . open . coleman Nathan , by any chance do you play gin Rummy ? nathan' voice over and that be how we friendship begin . over this we hear : stompin ' at the savoy 11 ext . coleman' house - night il a big , white , rambling home , with light on and music blast from within . the screen - in porch be light up , too ... and inside we can see two figure play card ... 12 13 13 . int . coleman' screen -in porch - night 12 on a ping pong table with a computer , that be stack high with papers . the camera pan across to coleman and nathan play gin-rummy while drink Beer from bottle . on coleman --study he hand . coleman ( nonchalant ) why do you and you wife split up ? cross -cutting between they : nathan which wife -- the first or the second ? that get coleman 's attention . nathan ( continue ; grin ) you sure you want to discard that ? we hear ella fitzgerald sing " but not for I " as we CUT to : int . live room , coleman' house - day 13 close on a photograph of Iris silk -- it be a black and white photograph , we see she carry a placard that read , " freedom of Choice . " and this be obviously a rally ata woman 's clinic , because she be yell at someone 0.s.. she look both alive and vital , beautiful and plain , angry and thoroughly happy all at the same time . it sit on the mantelpiece , surround by other photograph of he family . we reverse on nathan -- he take the photograph from the mantle , so that he can study it more carefully . over this we hear : coleman' voice over forty year we be marry ... on the door leading from the kitchen into the live room -- coleman , in khakis and a oxford cloth , button down shirt , fray around the collar and shirt tail hang out , stand in the doorway hold two bottle of beer . coleman add on the six month we live together . that 's not bad - especially this day . nathan ( sympathetic ) you must have love she very much . 13 14 14 . continued : 13 coleman . after forty year , who could tell ? nathan kid ? coleman Jeff and Michael - both marry now , tenure professor out in California . and then there 's Mark , the thorn in my side ; marky , for whom nothing be ever quite good enough . ( sigh ) he 's a orthodox Jew , life with a dental technician , in queen , who support he while he write long , angry , unpublishable poetry . ( pick up the photograph of he daughter , smile ) and there 's my Lisa , she 's in New York ; teach remedial read . coleman study the photograph of Lisa a moment longer - then put it down as the music change again ; Dick hayme be sing " where or when . " int . screened in porch - night 14 once more we see the computer , if anything there be more papers pile on the ping pong table . the camera pan across to nathan and coleman . the gin rummy game continue ; both man whooping with hilarity as they slam down they card . Nathan steal a look at the ping - pong table - it be now cover with document , box , more file . Nathan glance back and see coleman have catch he look . coleman hey , you be the guy that throw away a chance at the pulitzer , not I . on nathan -- not faze in the least ; he smile , lay down he card . nathan gin. 15 . 15 int . / ext . porch - another evening 15 as Nathan take a pull from the bottle of beer , nod toward the ping - pong table : it 's empty . on the floor , a lot of file box cramme with papers . nathan what 's with the book ? coleman the book have come and go . nathan meaning ? ( he nudge a box with a toe ) meaning it 's worthless . you can not make a college without break egg-head and I could not write a book call spook that do not sound like a lunatic rave . all this ... onodd towards the carton of papers ) useless ; unless you count the dubious thrill of re-read old love letter . he take several letter that he have obviously just be be - read and drop they on top of one of the box . tighter in as a photograph fall out of one of the envelope . on nathan -- as he lean down and pick it up . he Pov : insert of the photograph -- it be a snapshot take in the late forty by a street photographer . it show the young coleman silk ; he dark hair be closely cropped ( in what use to be call a GI cut ) ; he wear a tweed jacket , oxford cloth , button down shirt ( not dissimilar to the one he be wear now ) , crew neck sweater . he be walk down the street , with a stunningly beautiful blonde girl , they arm around one another , laugh . however , what we notice most be that the girl look at he with total adoration . on nathan --look from the photograph to coleman . nathan this you ? coleman ( wry ) hey , I be young once . 15 continued : 16 . 15 nathan that 's not what I mean . who 's the girl ? coleman ( take the photograph ) her name 's steena paulsen . she be from Minnesota . nathan ( with a look ) forgive I , coleman , but you do not seem to I to be the Minnesota type . coleman ( with a laugh ) there be depth about I , young man , you will never plumb . ( then quickly : ) I meet steena when I be at nyu on the GI bill . almost marry she . ( a beat : ) what would my life have be like if I have . as coleman be talk " bewitch , bother and bewildere " start to play on the radio . coleman ( continue ; he stop for a beat , savore the music ) listen ... I hear that and everything within I unclench and the wish not to die , never to die be almost too great to bear . ( then : ) come on , let 's dance ... nathan ( take aback ) what ? coleman dance . you and I . do not worry , Nathan , I be not make a pass . come on , live a little . nathan alright , but just do not sing in my ear , okay ? 17 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 and the two man start to dance . nathan ( continue ) you seem pretty cheerful for a man whose book just tank . coleman ( a beat , then : ) I be have a affair , Nathan . nathan no kid ? coleman no kid , ... I be have a affair with a thirty - four-year - old woman . I can not tell you what it 's do to I . nathan I be get a pretty good idea ... coleman ( with great simplicity ) I think I could not take any more of anything . but ... when this stuff come back so ... late in life , ( thoughtfully ) completely unexpected , completely unwanted , it come back at you with such force and ... when there 's nothing you can do about it , when there 's nothing to dilute it . nathan and when she 's thirty - four . coleman ( grin ) and ignitable , Nathan . ignitable . ever hear of something call viagra ? without it I would still have the dignity befit a man my age and position . without it I could continue in my " decline year " to draw profound philosophical conclusion and have a steadying moral influence on the young . 18. 15 continued : ( 3 ) 15 coleman ( cont would ) without viagra I would not be do something that make no sense , something that be ill consider , and potentially disastrous for all involved . nathan so exactly where do you find , " La Belle Dame san merci " ? 16 int . athena post office - late afternoon 16 close on faunia farley , the woman who be next to coleman in the fatal crash . widen to reveal she mop the floor in the one room Post Office . a thin woman with high - cheekbone , and a certain aristocratic carriage , she wear a cut - off , a tee shirt and flip -flops . she 's the janitor . there 's a knock on the door . she ignore it . the knock be repeat , insistently . finally , with a exasperate sigh , faunia look up . her Pov - behind one of the glass door pane , a good-look older man - coleman - be peer at she , frown ... hold he hand to the glass like a salute so he can see inside ... faunia closed. ( louder ) close ! he can not hear she but say something she can not make out . knock on the glass again . he Pov - faunia come to the glass opposite - they stare at each other , each face frame through the glass pane . coleman I only want to use the stamp machine to get a -! faunia ( muffle ) can not you read ?! she point through the window to the sign where the post office hour be post - 16 17 18 19 19 . continued : 16 coleman come on ..! I just want to use the damn machine ... he point at the vend machine over she shoulder . she get it , consider , shrug , what the hell . unlock the door - faunia hurry it up , okay ? coleman thanks ... thanks so much ... coleman hastily go inside . she look briefly around - no witness , and close the door . Inside , coleman busy he book of stamp . closer on faunia -- as she study he . faunia could not wait till tommorrow ? coleman ( smile at she ) look , I really appreciate it ... he take he book of stamp and head out . as she re-lock the door we CUT to : ext . athena public library - dusk 17 another day . coleman , wear a different outfit , exit carry a stack of book . a academic couple he use to know give he a wide berth . pretend he have not see this snub , coleman get in he volvo and head out of town . int . coleman' volvo - dusk 18 on coleman -- driving home when he spot something ahead : he Pov , through the windshield , we see the SUN set behind a big , old chevy park on the side of the road and lean against it , smoking a cigarette - be the woman janitor from the post office . she wear a short denim skirt and a t-shirt . behind she a sign : audubon society . ext . road - same 19 wide shot --coleman stop he car beside the chevy . 20 . 19 continued : 19 coleman ( yell through the open window ) car trouble ? faunia ( shrug ) every other day . coleman can I give you a lift ? she look at he , consider - flick away the butt . 20 int . coleman' volvo - later 20 coleman drive . coleman where can I drop you ? faunia nickerson 's . coleman the organic dairy ? faunia yeah ... mind if I smoke ? ( she light up , not wait for a answer ) there 's two dyke that run it . ( inhale deeply ) I get a room in exchange for do the milk . coleman so you work in the post office and the dairy ... faunia and the college . " faunia farley , custodial staff " . say so on my name tag . coleman ( eye on the road ) sound like you keep busy . faunia action be the enemy of think . closer on coleman -- that get he attention ; he look at she . 21 . 20 continued : 20 coleman who say that ? he Pov ; close on faunia - nstare out the windshield . she exhales a long plume of smoke . we see that , much as she try to hide it , she be very beautiful . faunia Jesus , . you ask a lot of question . coleman ( reluctantly bring he eye back to the road ) you must know smokey hollenbeck . faunia smokey hire I . coleman ( glance in she direction ) and I hire smokey . faunia ( look he in the eye ) I know you do . coleman hold she look for a moment longer than necessary before turn he eye back to the road . 21 ext . barn at the dairy - twilight 21 wide shot -- as coleman 's volvo drive into a open area between a large dairy barn and several outbuilding . it come to a stop . 22 int . volvo - same 22 there be a beat of silence , then : faunia well , I guess this be the end of the line . thanks for the lift . coleman I enjoy it . I can not tell you how long it 's be since I have sit next to a attractive -- as he be talk , faunia take a cigarette , start to light it . 22 . 22 continued : 22 coleman ( continue ; quickly reach for the match ) here ... he strike a match and light she cigarette . tighter on they -- as she put she hand up and rest it gently on he hand . tighter on her as she blow out the match . faunia you wanna 's come in ? coleman ( suddenly flustered ) me? thanks , but no ... ah , I do not think ... ( then : ) look , this may sound odd , but ah , I have not be this close to a woman since -- faunia ( finish he sentence ) since you wife die . I know all about it . look , let 's get something straight , my friend . if you be look for sympathy , you have come to the wrong place . ( inhale deeply ) Sympathy 's definitely not my specialty . ( then as she get out : ) in any case thanks for the ride . coleman' Pov as she walk inside one of the building , leave the door open behind she . close on coleman -- he stare at she long after she have disappear , then look up , he spot he reflection in the rearview mirror - - grin . coleman action be the enemy of think . as he open the door and get out of the car we CUT to : 23 24 25 23 . int . outbuilding - same 23 on the door -~- as he push open the door . he Pov : although there be very little light we can see a stairway lead to the second floor where a door be open and a light on inside the room . on coleman -- as he start up the stair . int . fauniax room - same 24 on coleman --as. he step inside . the camera pan across to faunia in bed ; although the cover be around she we can see that she be naked beneath they -- clearly wait for he . closer on coleman -- he look at she for a long beat and the camera move with he as he cross to faunia , sit beside she on the bed . on faunia -- as he do she reach up , wrap she arm around he neck and draw he to she . as they kiss we fade to black : int . fauniax room at the dairy - later 25 it be obvious they have just make love . faunia now then , you gotta get out of here . nothing personal , but I do not get my beauty sleep , I do not wake in time to do the milk ... coleman will I see you again ? faunia ( guffaw ) Hell , you can not much miss I . on coleman ~- he lean forward , start to kiss the inside of she wrist , stop : insert ; he Pov : across the wrist we see a ugly red scar . the camera whip pan across to her face -- she look at he with a steady gaze . faunia ( continue ) the question be , will I see you again ? Te : now that you have see my wrist scar ? by way of answer , coleman lean down and kiss she passionately on the mouth . 25 26 27 28 29 24 . continued : 25 tight on the intense kiss - as coleman pull away , faunia 's eye be still close , but there 's a little smile - faunia ( continue ; barely a whisper ) now you be talk ... int . barton hall , athena campus - evening 26 the corridor desert at this hour . over this we hear : nathan' voice over but they do see each other again and again . int . english classroom , barton hall - evening 27 faunia be dusting , collect trash , etc . a car horn . she look out the window . her Pov - coleman 's volvo out in front . faunia 's face : no change of expression but she tug the kerchief out of she hair ... ext . barton hall , athena campus - moment later 28 faunia run out the door towards the car ; as she do she brushes past a woman carry a briefcase . faunia reach coleman 's volvo , jump inside and as the door slam behind she we reverse on the woman she passed -- who turn to look . it be delphine roux , the woman we see at the " spook " héaring . she watch the car drive away , she face a mask . int . coleman' porch - night 29 Nathan and coleman be play gin . Nathan be deal , he eye on coleman . nathan you ought to know something , coleman - - the jungle drum be beat , you know the sort of thing ... " small college town . distinguish professor flip out , see enter pharmacy , clutching prescription . " ( he discard ) 29 continued : 25 . 29 coleman ( study he hand ) ummm ... ( then : ) be you certain you want to discard that ? nathan yes . ( watch as coleman take he discard ) coleman , be you listen ? right now we be live at a time and in a country where people be do everything they can to bring down the President .- coleman who happen to be a jerk ... nathan nevertheless , if they be do that to he , they sure as Hell will not hesitate to go after you . we can not just - coleman ( look up at Nathan ) can I stop you right there ? if there 's one word I have struggle with all my life , Nathan , it 's the tyrannical word " we . " we must , we can not , we do not . I be not talk about we , I be talk about I . I be not hurt anyone , I be not break any law . ( grin ) I be just have fantastic sex . ( lay down he card ) close on nathan --study he friend . nathan ( with a look ) coleman , there be no such thing as just have fantastic sex . 30 ext . coleman' house - late at night 30 establishing shot -- the house be dark . 26 . 31 int . coleman' bedroom ~ night 31 the clock on a table beside the bed say : 12:15 . the camera move across to coleman -- who be awake watch faunia whose eye be close . coleman what be you think ? faunia I be think you be go to ruin it . coleman no I be not . faunia you be . " what be you think ? " why can not you leave well enough alone ? why do we have to talk ? he look at she , say nothing - she relent . faunia ( continue ; open she eye , look at he ) alright , have it you way . I be think I be a crow . coleman a crow ... why do you - faunia uh uh . you turn . he 's not sure where to begin - coleman I be wonder what it be like make love - faunia Fucking - coleman all right , " fuck " . what 's it like " fuck " a old man ? faunia perfect ; no surprise . what 's it like be out of a job ? coleman Lonely . like you , I suspect . my turn ? 27 . 31 continued : 31 she do not contradict he - coleman ( continue ) aside from that dumb car , you do not seem to have any possession . I mean , there 's not even a calendar on the wall -- she stop coleman and begin to kiss he with great passion . coleman ( continue ; come up for air ) action be the enemy of think ? she sit up , annoyed - faunia all right ! my life story , be that what you want ? ( fire up a cigarette ) Fine . I use to have lot of " possession " . my father be rich , I mean really rich . I grow up in a big house outside of Boston , oriental rug , fireplace in every room , a staff of servant -- the whole nine yard . ( notice he look ) you do not believe I ? coleman yes . yes , I do . she settles back , blow smoke - faunia then my parent get divorced . my mother remarry - another rich guy . the thing be this one could not keep he hand off I . ( a beat : ) bedtime storey be he speciality - sweetheart , lemme read you a story . before I know it he have he finger in my cunt -- ( uneasy ) look , you do not have to - 31 continued : 28 . ( 2 ) 31 faunia ( sharp ) hey , you ask . ( then : ) I tell my mother , but she do not believe I . nobody believe I . when I be fourteen he try to fuck I . that 's when I split . ( shrug ) no possession . I travel light . coleman I be really - she sit up abruptly - faunia what 's that ? coleman what 's w- faunia sssh ! they listen . Dead silence except for cricket ... coleman it 's nothing . what could it be ? faunia it 's les. coleman Les ? who 's -? faunia ( peek out the window ) my ex-husband . he work at a garage in town . follow I around ... shit . coleman ( slip on he trousers ) if he 's bother you , I will deal with he ... faunia ( alarmed whisper ) no! 31 continued she grab 29 . > ( 3 ) 31 coleman hey , once upon a time I be count a pretty fair boxer ... he - faunia this be no joke . he 's out of he mind . he be in viet nam ... two tour of duty . he use to kill gook and keep they ear on a string . just ... ( she listen , then release he ) maybe I imagine it . she sit on the bed , shaking . he put a arm around she . faunia ( continue ) if I move in my sleep he think it be gook . use to beat I so bad ... one time I be in a coma . coleman Jesus ... why do he follow you ? faunia he 's crazy , I tell you . ( then she get to she foot and start to dress ) I have get to go . coleman ( concerned ) stay . faunia no. ( then : ) no , I never stay . 32 int . dairy barn - the next morning 32 on faunia -- she wear short , high , rubber boot and a tee - shirt , not exactly romantic , but on she the effect be curiously carnal . she move through she morning routine of milk . she nudge a cow into position - 30 . 32 continued : 32 faunia c'mon maggie , that 's a good girl ... ( then : ) move you ass , flossie you old bitch . suddenly faunia realize that she be not alone ; she look 0o.s. smile : coleman silk -- who know how long he have be stand watch she ; coleman ( return she smile ) hi ... on faunia -- she look at he and nod ; there be a unexpected dignity in she gaze . coleman ( continue ) I , ah ... get to think and ... ah , when you reach my age it would not hurt if I be to start drink more milk . I mean ... ( embarrassed ) calcium - - that sort of thing . faunia ( amused ) the milk 's in that old fridge by the door . leave a couple of dollar in the mason jar on the top . coleman Fine ... nevertheless , he do not move . close on faunia in a series of dissolves we see : faunia gently , but firmly shove the cow into position . we see she attach the cup to the cow teat and massage the udder . there be patch of sweat between she shoulder blade and beneath she breast . her short be rip along the side and we note that she be not wear underwear . this be all powerfully erotic without be premeditate in the least . coleman watch , mesmerize . all through this she be talk to he . faunia come on , Daisy ... after I leave Boston , I be in Florida for a while , do this and that . 31 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 faunia ( cont would ) a girl like I can always get by . Hand I that hose - the red one - coleman hand it to she - enchant by she sensual movement as she go about she work ... she hand ... faunia ( continue ) then I get tired of that , come up here and marry - guess what - a dairy farmer . lester farley . I be 20 ... ( she look at coleman who be watch she ) what be you look at ? closer on coleman -- hew smile , shrug . tight on faunia -- she return the smile , then go back to work . faunia ( continue ) I remember one time we get in this huge fight in the barn and I throw cow shit at he . he throw cow shit back at I ; next thing you know we be both cover in cow shit and laugh like hell . best day of the marriage . coleman ( more to make conversation than anything ) you never have kid ? faunia ( a beat : ) no. no kid . 33 int . VA hospital - day 33 close on lester farley -~ he be the same man who we see in the open sequence , sit in the truck ; the same man who run coleman silk and faunia off the road . psychologist ( 0.s. ) do you ever kill anyone in Vietnam , Mr. farley ? 32 . 33 continued : : 33 les ( he look around amused ) do I kill anyone ? ( take out a pack of cigarettes ) be not that what I be suppose to do when they send I to Vietnam ? Fucking kill gook ? they say everything go so ... I guess everything go . you have a match ? a moment later someone from 0.s. hand he a pack of match . les ( continue ; good manners ) thanks . ( he light he cigarette , inhale ) look , let 's get something straight right off the bat , I never hurt she , okay ? never . and I never hurt the kid . that be all lie . she never care about anyone but herself . I should have never let she go off with the kid . she -- ( interrupt himself you sure you do not mind I smoking ? psychologist ( o.s. ) not at all . les she wait until I be in rehab . that 's why she want to get I in rehab to start with , so she could take the kid . she use the whole thing against I to get the kid away . she have no right to steal my kid . and now she 's fuck this old Jew . ( quietly ) I should have kill she back then . 34 int . vermont " madamaska inn " restaurant - night 34 coleman have take to faunia to a candlelit dinner at a New England gourmet inn . faunia be nicely dress ; coleman wear a tie . 33 . 34 continued : 34 faunia ( uneasy ) I do not know why we have to do this ... coleman ( smile ) it 's a meal , not a commitment . faunia ( suspicious ) have it you way . voice hope I be not late ... they look up . it 's Nathan . tight on faunia -- she turn to coleman with the look of ' a animal catch in a trap . coleman ( to Nathan ) we just get here . ( to faunia , ignore she look ) faunia , I would like you to meet my friend Nathan . nathan hi . he extend he hand , which she ignore , glaring at coleman . Nathan sit , recover , just then the maitre would appear hover at faunia 's shoulder . maitre 'd ( hand she a menu ) Madame the specialty of the house be game ... ( point ) perhaps the venison . silence . maitre 'd ( continue ) or perhaps Madame would prefer the fish . in that case I would recommend this ... ( point to one item on the menu ) or this ... 34 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 35 36 she slam the menu into the waiter . faunia whatever he 's have ... ( indicate coleman ) ditto for I . quick CUT nathan -- as he suddenly realize that faunia can not read . tight on faunia -- who interpret Nathan 's avoidance of he friend 's gaze correctly . faunia ( continue ) that 's right , Mr. Zuckerman . I can not read . and she 's out of there . coleman be on he foot now - nathan coleman - coleman ( go after she ) look , I be sorry - nathan another time ... coleman right ... Nathan sit alone at the table set for three ... ext . madamaska inn - night 35 coleman pursue faunia as she storm into he volvo . as coleman climb into the driver 's side , int . coleman' volvo - same 36 she 's stare straight ahead ... faunia full of surprise , be not you ? coleman take it easy . he 's my friend , okay ? I want you to get to know one another . 36 37 38 35 . continued : 36 faunia because you be so proud of I , right ? ( lighting a cigarette ) you have really come down in the world , have not you ? Dean of faculty , professor of classic - and look at you , fuck a clean lady who can not . even fuck read ..! coleman say nothing . there 's nothing he can say . faunia ( continue ; she voice . quiet ) you be go to drop I now , be not you ? coleman why be you always - faunia because you be not up to fuck somebody who can not read . that 's what you be think - it 's exactly what he be think , but coleman kiss she hard , he hand on she breast . coleman you be wrong . I be go to fuck you extra hard because you can not read . faunia ( throaty laugh ) now you be talk . ext . volvo - same 37 coleman 's car pull out and the camera pan over to reveal the red pick - up ( the same one that force coleman 's car off the road earlier ) . after a pause the pick - up 's engine rumble to life and it begin to follow the volvo . ext . the dairy - night 38 we see coleman 's volvo park near the small house where faunia stay . all the light be out ; everything be quiet . the camera pan away from the volvo , past the barn and come to rest on the red pick up . it move slowly around the corner of the barn , light off , and come to a stop face the house , the motor idling . 38 39 40 36 . continued : 38 close on the truck -- through the window we see the flare of a match as lester farley light a cigarette . int . fauniax room at the dairy - same 39 the room be dark , light only by the moonlight come through the window . the camera pan across to the bed where faunia and coleman lay sleep , wrap around one another . the camera move into a close shot of faunia as she come wide awake . in the distance we hear the sound of lester 's truck idling . her sudden motion bring coleman awake . coleman what be it ? what 's wrong ? faunia ( a whisper ) it 's Les . he 's out there . I can hear the truck . in the silence we can hear the engine of the truck as Les revs the engine slightly . coleman grab for he trousers . coleman I will take care of this . faunia ( panic ) no , do not ! he 's crazy . but it be too late . coleman have he trousers on and be pull a sweater over he head . ext . barn - moment later 40 as we watch , the high beam of the truck be turn on . a moment later lester farley appear in front of the truck silhouett against the glare of the headlight . les ( yell ) come out of there you murdering bitch ! on the door -- as it open and coleman step outside hold a tire iron . coleman come here you . I wanna talk to you ! closer on les : lock eye with coleman . 37 . 40 continued : 40 les do she tell you ?! do she ?! I bet not ! ( shouting so faunia can hear ) I bet you fuck do not ! ( back to coleman ) do she tell you she be give some guy a blow job while she kid be catch fire ? do she ? coleman get out of here before I brain you ! les put that fuck thing down before I ram it through you fuck skull ! fauniax voice Les ! tight on les -- he stop , look at she . at the sight of she he face suffuse with pain . he Pov : faunia stand just outside the door , now she be wear coleman 's shirt and baggy work pants . she hold up a revolver for he to see . faunia ( from she tone of voice she be practice in deal with she ex-husband ) do not try anything , Les . I have already call the police . close on les -- he stand in the open area , stare at he wife , he chest heaving . les you murdering , fuck cunt ! in the distance we hear a police siren approach . coleman get the fuck away from here . just then a squad car with light and siren roar up . close on les ~ - he freeze . on the squad car -- the door open and two cop race towards les. 40 continued : he swing 38 . ( 2 ) 40 les look who 's here ! Fucking government gonna stick I back in rehab ?! no fuckin ' way ..! 1st cop come on , Les ... faunia watch out -! at one of the cop , two more grab he from behind . he struggle but to no avail . les Fucking payback for what I do in ' nam -! the cop have tackle Les but it be not easy . they wrestle he to the ground and drag he to the squad car . les ( continue ) rehab again , right ?! thorazine for breakfast , right ?! Fucking government . this be the fuck thanks I get for serve my country -- for all the shit I go through . ( as they drag he back towards the police car ) they do not give we a fuck chance . they say we lose the war . we do not lose the war , the fuck government lose the war . I walk the walk , man . you can not know the shit I have see . and then I come home to this ! the cop have reach the squad car , they open the back door very tight on les -- as they force he into the back seat , he stare at he wife with a terrifying ferocity . les ( continue ) Fucking a goddamn carpenter while she kid be on fire ! I shoulda kill you and my kid when I have the chance - ! as the door slam , block he from view , we CUT to : 39 . 41 int . fauniax room at the dairy - later 41 faunia sit on the edge of the bed , shiver . coleman be beside she , say nothing , watch she patiently . finally faunia ( a whisper ) you want to know why I do not have any possession . well , now I guess you find out ... she fumble under the bed . fish out a small urn and place it on she lap . faunia ( continue ; stare at it ) this be what 's leave of my kid . ( a long beat ) it be a accident . a space heater tip over and the place catch fire . tear stand in she eye - spill down she cheek ... faunia ( continue ; clutching it to she breast , rock it ) I can never figure out what to do with they . keep they ? bury they ? my sole remain " possession " and I do not know what to do with it . you get any bright idea , Professor ? or be this all too trailer trash for you ? he put he arm around she , allow she choke sob - coleman ( gently ) it 's all right . it 's over . it 's all over now ... nathan' voice over but it be not . not by a long shot . 42 int . coleman' house , kitchen - morning 42 coleman stand at the counter , the New York Times in front of he , spritzing a cappuccino a portable phone tuck to he ear ... music on the radio ... coleman Lisa , darling , it 's dad ... how 's it go ...? what ? I can not hear you . 42 43 40 . continued : 42 he turn down he radio - int . lisa' tiny NYC apt . - morning 43 Lisa , at she cluttere desk , fill with paperwork . she 's attractive , with she mother 's important hair but without Iris ' aura of authority . Lisa be always overwhelm . and just now upset as well , curt ... lisa I say I be fine . intercut with a puzzle coleman - coleman you do not sound fine . ( no reply ) how 's the class come ? ( smile ) what happen to the little kid who could not recognize the letter N ? do he ever get it ? Lisa ? lisa everything 's fine . coleman ( frown ) would you care to know how I be ? lisa I know how you be . coleman ( vague premonition ) do you ? she 's stare into space , pass a hand over she forehead . coleman ( continue ) sweetheart , what 's the matter ? you sound - lisa dad , marky tell I all about it ! coleman told you all about what ? lisa dad , everyone in Athena know - ~- 43 44 41 . continued : 43 coleman ( he anger rise ) who ? who be everyone ? the line go dead . coleman ( continue ) Lisa ? Lisa ...! int . nelson primus ' law office , athena - day 44 insert : a neatly fold piece of typing paper --written in big block letter with a red ball point pen we read : " everyone know you're exploiting a abused illiterate woman half you age . " nelson . primus voice over everyone know you be exploit a abuse illiterate woman half you age . reverse on nelson primus , coleman 's attorney , a amiable fellow in he thirty ; he wear a suit that hint of Ralph lauren more than brook Brothers . Nelson rapidly reread the letter , mumble the word together - nelson " evéryone know you be exploit a abuse illiterate woman half you age . " a grim smile as he set aside the letter and look o.s. : nelson ( continue ) well , if this do not take the cake - cross -cut to coleman --pace back and forth in front of he attorney 's desk . coleman that 's not all ; my kid have even get wind of it . nelson you do not say ... coleman what 's more , I know damn well who write this - delphine roux . 44 continued : 42 . 44 nelson who ? coleman Professor of Languages and literature . ( irate ) I hire she for Christ 's sake ! I hire all of they ..! nelson why would she send you something like this ? coleman I have no idea . how should I know ? you be my lawyer . I want you to send she a letter and warn she off . nelson she will just deny she ever - coleman that 's she write ! any handwrite expert would con - nelson you be be hasty - coleman no ! no I be not - nelson yes you be , same as when you resign from the college , just as the whole " spook " thing be on the point of blow over . I tell you then - coleman and I tell you : they kill my wife ! what else could I - ? nelson coleman . slow down . sit . reluctantly , coleman obey . Nelson study he . nelson ( continue ) listen to I , professor . forget about the letter . you get bigger fish to fry . what be you go to do about lester farley ? 44 continued : ( 2 ) coleman get a restrain order , a injunction , I do not know ... nelson a restrain order . have you any idea what you be get into here , coleman ? what it look like from the outside ? ( lean back in he chair ) after thirty - some year of academic distinction ina community you virtually create from scratch , suddenly you have go off the deep end . you want I , to fight a legal war for you on two front - one of they with a phantom correspondent and the other with a psychotic who 's be lock up twice in the mental ward at the VA hospital in northampton , under real restraint , not legal one . before coleman can get in a word - nelson ( continue ) sure I can get a restrain order , but will that restrain he ? I can get you a handwrite expert . I can get you a bulletproof vest . but what I can not provide be what you be never go to know as long as you be involved with this woman : a scandal - free , farley - free life . be she HIV negative , by the way ? do you have she test , coleman ? do you use a condom , coleman ? and if you do not use protection , do she ? how do you know she do not want to use you to help make up for what she 's lose ? do I represent you in the paternity suit , coleman ? coleman I can handle lester if I have to - nelson but why do you have to ? give up the girl , Achilles . 43. 44 44 continued : 44 , ( 3 ) 44 coleman ( stiffening ) I beg you pardon ? nelson ( grin ) I take you intro to european light umpteen year ago as a undergrad . never forget you lecture on Homer . Achilles , listen to I : you have to give up the girl . give she up and you trouble go away . I be speak as you friend as well as you attorney . faunia farley be not in you league and she 's not from you world . last night you get a good look at she world - coleman , the fact be she be not worth it . ( a amiable smile ) Achilles on viagra - how much sense do that make anyway ? coleman look up at he - he 's pale with fury . but when he speak , it be with deadly quiet - coleman be you quite finish ? the tone give Nelson pause . coleman rise to he foot . coleman ( continue ) you be a genuine vocal master , Nelson . and so rich with contempt for every last human problem you have never have to face . nelson listen , I be only - coleman you listen : I never again want to hear that self - admire voice of yours - or see you smug , lily white face . and with that he turn and stalk out . we hold on the OPEN door to the outer office as Nelson 's secretary stick she head in . secretary be anything wrong , Mr. primus ? 44 45 45 . continued : ( 4 ) 44 on nelson -- he stand look after coleman . nelson ( to himself , perplex ) what the hell do you suppose he mean by , " lily white . " wham ! the SOUND of a punch : landing -! int . gymnasium boxing ring - day 45 tight on a irish kid -- big , although he cannot be more than eighteen as he take the jab , blink in surprise ; then lash out in a fury . tight on the young coleman silk -- age 17 as he easily step away from he opponenent 's punch , feint with he leave and slam a right hook into the irish kid mid-section . note : as coleman box , we notice the barest trace of a smile on he face ; he know just how good he be . then in a series of very quick cut we watch as coleman bore in on he opponent , easily dance out of the way each time the other boy try to throw a punch . over this we superimpose : " east orange , new jersey 1944 . " then , as the bell ring we CUT to : wider angle -- we see we be in a gymnasium , where a group of twenty - five or thirty man have crowded around a box ring , cheer on the two young man . in coleman' corner , doc chizner , coleman 's coach . a dentist in he 50' , Doc coaches kid but also referees big match in madison Square Garden . coleman , cover with sweat , breathe hard return to he corner , drop onto a stool . doc coleman , wait for it ! wait for it ! let he do the work ... ah ..! as Doc and the cutman work he over : doc ( continue ) listen to I , kid . you be smarter than he , you read I ? smarter . he 's a putz . you counter punch . ( tapping he on the side of the face ) coleman , pay attention ... 45 46 46 . continued : 45 coleman , breathe deeply , stare at he opponent across the ring , nod . doc ( continue ) counter punch . that 's you game . just then the bell sound . coleman charge out . as Doc watch , coleman put he strategy to devastating effect - it 's like preview of Mohammed Ali . coleman dance away , dodging the punch - he 's enjoy himself , enjoy use he brain in this brawny situation ... bob and weaving . and then - wham ! the counter punch from nowhere . as the irish kid drop to he knee . ext . gymnasium - later 46 on the door -- as it open and the young coleman , carry a gym bag in one hand and a stack of book in the other , step out . he hold the door open for Doc chizner . doc next week , West Point ... coleman ( worried ) Doc , that guy 's get five pound on I . the camera track with the two men as they walk towards Doc chizner 's car . doc ( confident ) but he 's slow . you can take he easy . besides the Pitt coach be gonna ' be there . he 's a buddy of mine . I want he to see you fight . coleman so ? they walk in silence for several beat , then : doc so , once he see you fight and once I tell he about you grade , I be pretty sure he will offer you a scholarship to Pitt . coleman ( shake he head ) I can not go to Pitt . my father want I to go to Howard . 47 . 46 continued : 46 47 doc he 's a optician , you dad ? coleman use to be , he lose he business in the depression . by now they have reach Doc chizner 's car . . boc look , coleman , just box for the guy . that 's all . then let 's see what happen . he start to get into the car , stop , turn back to coleman . doc ( continue ; embarrassed to be say this ) one thing . when you meet the guy from Pitt , do not tell he you be color , okay ? coleman do not tell he ? doc do not bring it up . you be neither one thing or the other . you be silky silk . that 's all . coleman he will not know ? doc how 's he gonna know ? here 's the top kid from East Orange High and he 's with Doc chizner ; he 's gonna think you be jewish . and with that , Doc get into the car and drive away as we hold on you coleman watch the car disappear a thoughtful look on he face . ext . alleyway , east orange - twilight 47 tracking with coleman -- as he race down the alleyway , push he way through a back gate and dash up a short staircase , two step at a time . on the back door -- where he sister ernestine , a light skinned African american girl of fifteen be wait for he . 47 48 49 48. continued : 47 ernestine ( a urgent whisper ) you be late ! int . silk house , east orange , NJ - night 48 as coleman push through the door , hand ernestine he gym bag . coleman I know . hide this for I willya - the camera move with they as they walk through the kitchen toward the dining room . ernestine walter 's home on leave -! int . silk dine room - evening 49 on the door -- as coleman step through the door into the dining room ; it be attractively but inexpensively furnish . frame reproduction of flower painting and landscape be on the wall . the camera pan across to the dine table where the silk family sit at dinner . coleman 's parent be light -skin African Americans . coleman 's mother be a primly attractive woman who sit very straight in she chair - a nurse by profession . coleman 's father be a barrel - chest man with intelligent feature . he wear a tasteful , but inexpensive suit . the atmosphere in the room have a definite chill . on coleman -- as he take a seat next to he brother walter , who be wear a spiffy army uniform - coleman sorry , I be late -- on coleman' father -- who say nothing , do not look up at he son . walter ( come to coleman 's rescue ) what 's this I hear about you be class valedictorian ? Mr. silk continue to eat , say nothing . walter throw a glance toward coleman . coleman shrug . 49 . 49 continued : 49 just then ernestine enter the room have stashed coleman 's gym bag somewhere . ernestine hey , with the only four point of grade average , who else be they -- mrs . silk yes , we be very proud of coleman . nothing . Mr. silk do not bother to look up . mr . silk ( icy ) May I inquire how you do , coleman ? tight on coleman --again he shoot walter a look , this time walter shrug . coleman how I do ? mr . silk night before last , at the Knights of pythias arena . I be ask whether you win or lose you bout . coleman ( furious , to ernestine ) do you tell they ? however before she can reply : mr . silk kindly answer my question . coleman ( glum ) I win . mr. silk ( like a prosecute attorney ) and how many fight have you win so far ? coleman ( quiet ) eleven . mr. silk and how many have you lose ? 49 continued : 50 . ( 2 ) 49 coleman none , so far . mr. silk ( acid ) and when be you plan on turn professional ? walter ( come to coleman 's defense ) dad , he 's only -- mr . silk ( not bother to even look at walter ) this do not concern you , walter . ( to coleman ) I ask you a question , young man . coleman ( eye avert ) Doc say I could get a athletic scholarship , maybe to Pitt . mr . silk like walter , you will go to Howard . and after Howard , should you choose to become a doctor , you will not be do you hand any good , pummel they in a box ring . ( get to he foot ) you know , if I be you father , coleman , you know what I would tell you now ? coleman you be my father . mr . silk I be not at all sure . I be think that Doc chizner be you father . coleman he 's my coach , that 's all . he teach I how to fight . you be my father . mr . silk well if I be you father , you know what I would tell you now ? sl. 49 continued : ( 3 ) 49 50 S1 coleman ( he voice a whisper ) what . mr . silk I would say , " you win last night . good . now you can retire undefeate . " ( firm ) you be retire . ( get to he foot ) now , if you will excuse I , I do not want to miss my train . a shrill train whistle over ..! int . pennsylvania railroad dine car - day 50 fill with diner and uniform waiter bustling among white tablecloth , Mr. silk , among they , carry a overload tray . diner Boy , this fish be overcooked ... mr . silk sorry , sir ... diner I would like to change my order ... mr . silk yes , sir , very good , sir , ... he pick up the man 's plate , put it on the laden tray along with food , glass and utensil , start back to the galley - suddenly he collapse , bring down dish with a crash ! that startles everyone in the dining car . ext . east orange cemetery - day 51 a dreary spot . a knot of mourner across from Mr. silk 's coffin . Mrs. silk upright as always , she hair now tinged with grey , a handkerchief to she mouth , hold ernestine 's hand . ernestine 's tear stream silently down ... 51 52 52 . continued : 51 the minister " coward die many time before they death ; the valiant never taste of death but once . " clarence silk know well that line from julius caesar . but I do not think there 's any question here about who be valiant . pan to coleman , stunne - the coffin now lower into the ground ... the minister' voice ash to ash ... int . ( coleman be ) dark room - evening 52 at first we do not know where we be . then a door be open , revealing a silhouette - mrs . silk coleman ? coleman leave it off ... please ... mrs . silk alright . she close the door and walk tentatively towards coleman , who lie in he bed . gradually , we eye become accustom to the dark ; he mother sit on the edge of the bed . she 's in she crisp , starch white nurse's uniform - coleman you on duty ? tonight ? mrs . silk it 's better this way . for I , anyway ... coleman I never know he . not really . I do not have any idea what he go through . every ... ( on the verge of say " godamn " but check himself in front of he mother ) ... single day ... 52 continued : 53. 52 mrs . silk I do not believe he want you to know , dear . he could not see the point . coleman I can see the point . the point be if you be color it do not matter how much you know , you work in the dining car . that 's the point . mrs . silk coleman , if it 's you education , you do not have to worry . you father 's insurance and you own academic record will see to it that you get into Howard . coleman Mom , Howard be not 'a real university . Howard 's no different from East Orange . mrs . silk ( sharp ) coleman ! coleman ( he must make himself hear , despite the cost ) I hear all about Howard from Walt . he say they be always talk about " the negro people . " about " we the negro people . " Mom , I be not a " political " person . I do not know who this " we " be . mrs . silk you father want you to know who you be ; to be proud of you race . coleman ( with passion ) what about I ?! what about just be proud of be I ? I do not want to be part of some group . I do not want to be " a Howard negro . " mrs . silk coleman , you father want the best for you . he -- 54 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 coleman and what about what I want ?! it 's my life ! do not I get any say in the matter ? ( soften he tone ) Mom , I just want a chance to be the best I can be . why be that so wrong ? mrs . silk I be ' not clever enough to argue with you , coleman ... coleman ( he put a arm around she ) then do not . do not let 's argue . I love you , Mom , but do not ask I to go there ... mrs . silk coleman ... you be barely eighteen ; what be you go to do ? 53 int . federal build , naval recruiting office - day 53 score of young men fill out form . pan the room to reveal a large calendar with the date - October 6 , 1944 and several propaganda poster which inform we that " there 's still a war to be win " in the Pacific , " one down , one to go " etc . discover coleman stare at he application form . he Pov : on the query demand he age and date of birth . coleman fill out the data , then look over to - pan to the next question : race the form offer white , negro , oriental , other coleman stare at the box - white ... negro ... instinctively he look around the room before return he scrutiny to the category . then : close on he pencil making the MARK in the BOX marked white . wider angle -- as coleman hand the form to the navy recruiter , a young man ( white ) in a crisp white uniform . he study the form , look up at coleman . close on coleman --certain that he have be find out . 53 continued : 53 54 cross -cutting between they : naval recruiter {a big smile ) welcome to the navy , young man . int . nathan' cabin , berkshire - night 54 nathan , who look up from the letter , which he have just read . nathan so what do the lawyer say ? coleman , still dress as at primus ' , pace , irritate , confuse - coleman he would not even discuss the letter , he just ... well , he ~ nathan ( not really a guestion ) be more worried about lester farley ? coleman . I do not want to talk about lester farley ..! nathan ( hand he the glass ) what do you want to talk about ? you show up here , all in a lather - silence , as coleman struggle with he emotion . Nathan study he , then , softly - nathan ( continue ) listen , I be at the post office this morning , I hear people say you get faunia farley pregnant , that she have a abortion and try to kill herself -- coleman ( cut he off ) do they add she 's a opium eater , while they be at it ? and do not forget the best part , she 's a " illiterate woman " ! 56 . 54 continued : 54 nathan coleman , I know it 's bullshit , I be you friend , remember ~-? coleman bang down the glass of ice tea - coleman then act like it . nathan coleman , do not take this people on . ( gesture toward the television where the impeachment hearing be play ) they be all crazy to blame , crazy to punish - coleman so I just throw she to the wolf ? ( realize ) she 's wait for that . to she , sex and betrayal be as basic as bread . nathan I be not think about she . I be think about you . but coleman be cranking up ... coleman Christ , my own kid - I never allow any of they to watch tv and they manifest the mentality of a soap opera . the best school , superior sat score , post graduate degree and where they father 's concerned , Jerry springer be the best they can do -?? do not be like they . nathan ( helpless ) I do not know what you want I to say ... coleman I want you to acknowledge that something important be take place between I and this woman - something worthy of respect . do not judge I . 57 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 55 coleman ( cont would ) and for heaven sake do not judge she . Nathan be flummox , have trouble follow ... nathan she 's - what be you tell I ? she 's the love of you life ? coleman okay , look , grant , she 's not my first love and grant , she 's not my great Love , okay ? but she 's sure as hell my last Love . be not that worth something ? be not it ? and he open the door and walk out into the night nathan' voice over and with my failure to reach he , all the door but one have be slam in coleman 's face . int . coleman silk bedroom , athena - night 55 coleman and faunia together after make love , listen to " the man I Love " ... she 's smoking ... coleman dance for I . ( she look ) dance . undismay and naked , faunia stub out the cigarette , get out of bed and undulate to sultry gershwin . coleman this be more than sex . faunia no , it 's not ... you just forget what sex be . do not fuck it up by pretend it 's something else . stay with coleman , watch , not a deplete old man , but a lover ... faunia 's performance darkly reflect in a antique oval mirror above the head of the bed just over coleman ... she dance . he watch . a connection between they ... faunia be not self conscious . 58 . 55 continued : 55 her movement be small , not dance really , rather rhythmically exhibit herself in tiny gesture for he ... then in a series of slow dissolves as the camera move in on her : faunia ( continue ) do not fall in love with I . coleman keep dance ... faunia ( dance ) you be fall in love ... look at you , coleman , you be a little boy in love with he piano teacher . you be much too young for I . ( she smile ) I need a much older man . at least a hundred . you know anyone in a wheelchair ? coleman do not stop . faunia I can not stop ... coleman this be all there be . faunia now you be talk . stay angry . angry bring we together . lemme tell you , pal , you pick the right dance girl ... coleman you be wiser than you year ... faunia I be dumber than my year . be stupid , that 's my achievement . turn out I have be watch you dance . I know all about you , coleman . coleman that a fact ? she 's dance closer to he now , she body glisten - 55 56 57 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 faunia you imagine you have keep secret from I ? coleman you never know ... faunia what could there possibly be I do not know about you by now ..? int . movie theatre - night 56 close on a beautiful young girl ( steena ) ; she be blond and can not be more than nineteen . hers be the face we see in the photo with coleman earlier . just now she 's alone - ed herlihy's voice the war be over and hundred of thousand of american soldier , reverse on the newsreel she 's watch - ed herlihy sailor and airmen be return to a grateful nation where , thanks to uncle Sam , a college education await , courtesy of the GI Bill ..! as the newsreel about the GI bill continue , we CUT to : coleman silk , now 21 wear a tweed jacket and look very collegiate . he sit several row behind steena ; he eye fix on she . then , just as he be about to make a move toward she , three young woman crowd in on either side of steena and they all begin whisper and giggle among themselves . reluctantly , coleman get to he foot and start up the aisle of the theater , throw one last look over he shoulder , towards the girl as he do . int . stack , nyu library - day 57 on coleman -- he move through the stack , carry a couple of book ; clearly search for another . he pause , about to remove a book from the shelf when he look o.s. : he Pov : in the distance we get a glimpse of the beautiful blond girl we see in the movie theater . she instantly disappear ; and for a moment coleman be not sure whether what he see be real or a apparition . closer on coleman ( tracking with he ) - - he instantly start in hot pursuit of the girl . 60 . 57 continued : 57 58 as he reach the end of the row ; he stop , look around . he Pov -- at first there be no sign of the blond . then he spot she disappear into another row of book . on coleman ( again tracking with he ) as he duck into another row of book , move parallel with she , intend to head she off . coleman' Pov ( tracking shot ) : look though the shelf we get a glimpse : of the blond several row away . once again she disappear . on coleman --brush past a browser in the stack . coleman Excuse I ... throughout this we be continually cross - cutting between coleman , and he Pov of the girl ( never get more than glimpsis of she ) . on coleman as he round a corner and stop dead in he track : he Pov : there be the blond , she stand not far away , she back to he , still intent on the book she be read . tight on coleman -- there be a half smile on he lip ; the same half smile we see in the box ring . tighter on the blond -- her back be still to we . coleman' voice over hi ... as she turn to camera we see she for the first time and realize that she really be that beautiful . int . coleman' greenwich village apt . - day 58 on the door -- as it be unlock and coleman bring the blond in ... blond I really should not - coleman one cup of coffee , that 's all . I promise . Library stay open till five ... as he lead she inside we see he apartment for the first time . it be a attractive one room apartment with a simple fireplace and a kitchenette off to one side . 61 . 58 continued : 58 the wall be white , there be reproduction of Paul klee and chagall . the bookshelve be one by eight with brick at each end serve as riser . there be book everywhere , on every surface ; on the table we see a pair of box glove ( not the kind you use in the ring , but lighter one , the kind fighter use for work on the heavy bag ) . the bed have be carefully make , dish put away ; the impression we get be one of order and neatness . steena GI bill pay for all this ..? on coleman -- as he begin fix coffee . coleman how do you take it . I be sorry , say you name again ..? steena -? blond steena palsson ... black be fine ... how would you get that cut over you eye ? coleman steena ... what be that , swedish ? steena Close . norwegian . I really should - coleman you be not from New York ... steena ( embarrassed smile ) how could you tell ? fergus Falls , Minnesota . he walk over to she , smile - coleman you be make that up , right ? steena no , I - he 's stand so close , she 's desperate for a diversion - see something ... steena ( continue ) you be not kid ... that cut ... she pick up he boxing glove - 62 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 coleman it 's just a hobby . ever try ? steena I ? be you - coleman here ... very therapeutic ... steena I dunno ... coleman ( hold up he hand , palm out ) c'mon , try it . live a little . steena coleman - coleman do not be afraid . now - ( he help she adjust she arm ) right hand ? okay , you use you right to punch , but you keep you leave up , like so ... ( he gently position she leave hand beside she face ) .. this protect you . now you jab with you right . try a few jab . she do ; aim at he open palm . coleman ( continue ) that 's it ... now , use you foot , dance with I . she continue to throw jab , relax , laugh . coleman ( continue ) be you smart - ? steena ( breathless ) smart - ? he easily take hold of both she hand in he ; now he be very close to she . 63 . 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 coleman box be really all about how smart you be ... he lean forward , kissing she lightly . then again . then again , this time she move toward the kiss . steena ( sudden think ) do you do this a lot ..? coleman ( smile reassuringly ) practice make perfect . he 's kissing she again . dissolve to : 59 int . coleman' apartment - later 59 the glove on the floor , rise up to reveal the two of they lie in bed together . she 's stunne . steena I can not believe this . coleman grin - steena ( continue ) I mean I can not believe I do something like this ... coleman wait for lightning to strike you dead ..? steena well ... where I come from - coleman fergus Falls , Minnesota ... steena people do not just hop into - coleman let I guess . first there 's eyeing one another in church on Sunday ... 59 continued : 64 . 59 coleman ( cont would ) then , as fall slip into winter and the air turn cold , there 's sleigh ride , skate on freeze lake , sing carol around the yuletide - steena very funny ... coleman go on then , give I the straight dope . tell I about real american courtship ... steena ( startle ) you be american . Jews be american . he 's kissing she again - and again she 's succumb - 60 ext . STREET - day 60 on coleman and steena -- as they round the corner of a street near nyu . the camera move with steena and coleman as they walk , they arm around one another . steena so all I be say be that Achilles be the first real individual in all of western litera -- coleman ( shake he head ) not a chance ... ( grin ) look , Achilles succumb to to group pressure , right ? I mean , he give up the girl - a girl he really want - so the Greeks could keep go with the trojan war . he give in to group pressure . steena from which you conclude what - that group be -? coleman how tall be you ? steena be this the same conversation ? 60 continued : 65 . 60 coleman I would say you be maybe five , ten , right ? steena where be this le - coleman do you play basketball in high school ? steena sure ... coleman and I bet you be good . steena well , I - coleman but let I ask you this . do you want to play ? steena do I -? coleman in America , if you be a girl and you be five ten they make you play basketball . it 's a give . they do not ask if you want to play , if you be interested in the game . height equal fate . you play . you do what the group say . steena I like basketball ... coleman what if it be something you do not like ? say all girl over five ten have to shave they head . they be both laugh , steena turn and look at coleman with a look of total adoration steena oh , God , coleman ... I think I be in love with you . at that moment we hear a click . the picture freeze and turn to black and white . it be the snapshot Nathan Zuckerman see in coleman 's house earlier . 60 61 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 60 on a STREET photographer -- he have just take the photograph we see earlier in the scene with Nathan . the one coleman have keep all this year and now we know why . STREET photographer ( hand coleman a card ) picture of you and you sweetheart for a dollar ? as coleman happily dig in he pocket we hear : Dick hayme sing " we Love be here to stay . " int . record store - day 61 it be in the day when lps and 45s first come out ; there be bin fill with hit singles . Dick hayme continue to sing as we see steena and coleman in a listen booth . coleman come out to look for another record as steena remain in the booth continue to listen to a record . the camera pan ahead of he to reveal a very pretty young salesgirl , she be a coffee color African american . her name be ellie and she watch coleman with interest . we move with she as she cross to a bin where coleman be flipping through 78s . ellie can I help you ? coleman ( glance up ) I be ... look for edith piaf , " La vie un Rose . " ellie this way .. the camera move with they -- she walk very close to he so that they brush against one another . ellie ( continue ; innocent ) have you hear the new Louis armstrong ? coleman no , I be not -- ellie ( amused ) what about " Black and Tan suite ? " it 's the best thing ellington 's do in -- 67 . 61 continued : 61 coleman I be sorry , I be really not -- ellie ( nodd o.s. ) that you girlfriend ? her Pov : steena in the booth , move gently in time to the music . coleman yeah . ellie ( flirt ) here ... ( she hand he a 78 record ) take this , Roy eldridge , " the man I Love . " this '1ll do the job a hell of a lot better than edith piaf . we hear ~- the man I love . 62 int . coleman' apartment - night 62 close on coleman and steena -- in a passionate embrace , as they come up for air . although " the man I Love " continue to play ; we be close enough to coleman and steena to be aware of they breathe . coleman ( a whisper ) dance for I ... closer on steena -- she step away , look coleman in the eye for a long , long beat as she come to a decision . then , with the arest trace of a smile , she remove first one earring and then the other . she begin a languid , undulate motion as she take coleman 's hand , open it and drop the two earring into he palm . then , continue the slow rhythmic movement begin to undress slowly . this should be a very different steena from the girl who first walk into coleman 's apartment ; some deep , erotic part of she have be unlock and at moment she display a way of move that be uncannily like faunia 's . in a series of slow dissolves we watch as she strip to the sensual music of gershwin . 62 63 68. continued : 62 by the end , when she have remove she last undergarment and dance in front of coleman absolutely naked , the record come to a end and we hear the scratch of the needle of the record player on vinyl . it be as though at that moment she come out of a trance . she immediately put she hand to she face to cover she embarrasment . reverse on coleman coleman ( continue ) that have get to be the single most sexy dance ever to be dance by a girl from fergus Falls in the history of the world . on steena -- she hand remain cover she face ; both mortally embarrassed and profoundly exhilated . steena oh , God , coleman , I love you . I want to spend my life with you . coleman what be you do Sunday ? closer on steena -- she lower she hand from she face . steena ( in answer to the question we hear the older coleman ask ) Sunday ? nothing . why ? reverse on the younger coleman coleman on Sunday we be take the train to New Jersey ... {a beat ) to have dinner with my mother . ext . central avenue , east orange , new jersey - dusk 63 coleman and steena walk towards he house . steena be carry flowers . coleman point out various landmark . coleman ... that 's where I crash my bike into old man Harris ' front porch ... my dad make I pay -- just then we hear : 63 64 65 69 . continued : 63 a man' voice ( call out ) coleman . coleman look 0.s. wave . there Pov : across the street a young man ( African american ) , a few year older than coleman wave . on coleman and steena --coleman wave back , then quickly glance in steena 's direction to see she reaction . ext . the silk family house - moment later 64 on coleman and steena --his arm be around she , he lean forward , press the bell and turn to steena . coleman ( very nervous ) I love you , you know that do not you ? before she can answer the door open and there be Mrs. silk , she hair be grayer , but otherwise she look the same . mrs . silk well , be not this lovely . ( she kiss she son , then to steena ) hello , you must be steena ... please come in ... tight on steena -- she have be bring up very well and , although she world have just collapse around she , she manners be impeccable . steena I bring you this ... mrs . silk be not they beautiful ? I will just put they in water ... she lead they in as the door close on we . int . silk dine room , NJ . - night 65 coleman , he mother and steena at dinner - the dining room look a little empty with only three ... as she speak , steena seem to be breathe in all the wrong place ... Mrs. silk be wise enough to understand what she son have not tell steena ; therefore she do everything in she power to make this poor girl more comfortable . 65 66 70 . continued : 65 steena .».. it 's a beautiful city , fergus Falls , unusual because it have the otter tail Lake just to the East ... my father have a hardware supply store and a small lumberyard ~ he 's the disorganize one , cut himself and do not even bother to wash it ; they be tough , that icelander - I do not even know they be call icelander . my mother , she 's a rasmussen - she 's the opposite : set the table for Saturday dinner at five the night before . I guess I be catch between the two extreme , so I decide to get away for college , you know , out of they reach , and ... that 's how I come to New York ... a caesura in she breathless delivery ... steena look pathetically around , then - mrs . silk I have never be to the mid-west but I be sure I would like it . coleman , would not you like to see the mid west ? steena , would you like another biscuit ? steena 's look of gratitude . steena thank you . thank you so much . int . pennsylvania rr train - night 66 coleman and steena , virtually alone in the chair car , head back for the city . steena lean against the window , silent , stare out into the night . coleman sit next to she , watch she carefully , hold she hand . coleman steena ? silence , then with the screeching of brake the train pull to a stop . the conductor ( black ) walk through the car , announce Penn Station , the final stop . the people get up and leave the car , still steena do not move . coleman ( continue ) honey ...? 71 . 66 continued : 66 67 close on steena -- as she turn to coleman , we see for the first time that she have be cry . she look at he for a long beat , just shaking she head . steena I be sorry . coleman , I ... I love you but -- ( she break off ) I can not . I be really sorry , but ... ( shaking she head ) I just ... can not ... I be sorry ... I be sorry ... and without another word , blind with tear , she flee . coleman do not go after she . he just sit there . alone . as we fade to black we hear the roar of a crowd . int . ST . nicholas arena - night 67 wide shot -- of the crow , still relatively sparse since it be the first or decond match of the evening . the camera pan across to the ring where a african american boxer wait , bounce up and down , throw punch at the air , reverse on the young coleman as he climb through the rope along with he cornerman who be african- american . solly , a small time fight promoter who manage coleman , climb up lean in and whisper to coleman . solly hey , silky ... take it easy with the nigger , okay ? let 's give the people they money 's worth . coleman stare 0.s. at the fighter , he face a mask . solly ( continue ; smile ) dance he around for three , four round , then go to work . the bell sound , coleman move into the ring more rapidly than usual . the formality over , the man begin to feel one another out . we notice that the usual smile be go from coleman 's face ; it have be replace by a look of grim determination . after one or two punch , coleman nail he opponent with a right cross and then methodically begin to pound the black fighter , knock he out before the round be half way over . there be boo from the crowd . 72 . 68 int . coleman' ready room - moment later 68 coleman 's African american cornerman stripping off he glove , gear , as solly return , study coleman , who do not look up - solly I ask you nicely to give folk they money 's worth . you could have stop the nigger in the fourth round instead of the first . coleman ( do not look up ) I be a hundred thirty - nine pound , five foot nine and this guy 's one forty - five , five foot eleven . I be suppose to let he hit I in the head five , ten extra time to put on a show ? ( look up ) I be not hold up no nigger . the cornerman do not react ~ 69 int . nightclub - night 69 it be a nightclub in the Village , late at night . coleman be dance with ellie ( the pretty girl from the record store ) . the music be slow and they be dance very close together . ellie what be you anyway , coleman silk ? coleman what be I ? play it anyway you like . ellie so white girl think you be white ? coleman whatever they think , I let they think . ellie and what about you family , do they know about this ? coleman I do not see what good it would do to tell they . ellie and I ? what about I ? 73 . 69 continued : 69 70 coleman a guy from school see we the other day and say , " what 's it like with a color girl . " and I tell he , " man , they be completely hot . " ellie laugh , move even closer to he . ellie ( a whisper ) then let 's let they know how right you be . she lean up and kiss he ; he kiss she back . int . coleman' apartment ~ night 70 the room be dark . hold for a beat then : ellie' voice coleman ? coleman' voice over you think what I be do be wrong ? on coleman -- he stand at a window , look out into the night . on ellie -- as she reach across , turn on a bedside lamp . ellie ( reach for a cigarette ) pass ? closer on coleman ~ - as he turn to she . coleman but that 's just it . I do not tell people I be white ; I do not tell they I be jewish . oh , I know it 's pass in one sense , but it 's not because I want to be white . it be not . I do not want to be white . ellie ( weary ) well , honey , you sure do not want to be color . ( then : ) what happen with you girlfriend ? coleman we break up . 70 71 74 . continued : 70 ellie do she know you be pass ? silence . ellie ( continue ) do you ever tell she you be pay for you ph.d in a box ring ? silence . ellie ( continue ) how come ? nothing . ellie ( continue ; with a sigh ) I be start to think you be right . this be not about you be color or white . coleman silk , I be start to think this be about you be the kind of man who just love have secret . ext . nyu campus & greenwich village ST . 1951 - day 71 a rally to save the rosenbergs from execution . Iris gittelman ( 20' ) , wave a placard and awkwardly offer a petition . attractive , she 's dress in earth tone and navajo jewelry . we recognize she at once because of she flamboyant hair ... Iris save the rosenbergs ! sign now ! there 's no time to lose ! save the rosenbergs ! hey , buddy -! justice - she literally yank the guy around to face she . it 's coleman . he wear a smart tie with he tweed jacket and , as always , pack book - which now go fly ... Iris be doubly startle - and flustered . coleman be movie star handsome . he crackle with sexual electricity . Iris ( continue ) hey , sorry ... embarrass by he great look , she clumsily ditch she placard , clunking he on the head with it - oy ! 71 72 75 . continued : 71 as she squat to help he retrieve the volume , she 's blush - Iris ( continue ) so , you gonna sign the petition ..? coleman ( pick up book ) I be not really a political person - Iris what 's that mean ? you will potchke in front of a blackboard while the rosenbergs get the chair ? coleman ( amused ) I suppose you think alger hiss be innocent , as well ... Iris alger hiss be as innocent as you be ! freeze frame on coleman 's reaction : she think I be innocent . close on a photograph of Iris , feature she fly away hair . pull back to reveal ; int . mrs. silk ' parlor , east orange , NJ - day 72 as coleman 's mother study the photo . coleman sit opposite she . mrs . silk Iris . Nice name . and when be the happy day ? coleman June 14 . mrs. silk June 14 . she 's white , of course . ( pause ) have you tell she ? coleman - no. 76 . 72 continued : 72 mrs . silk when will you ? ( no reply ) you plan on bring she here for dinner ? coleman you see what happen when I try that . they eye lock . Mrs. silk suddenly understand - pow . coleman ( continue ; quietly ) I tell she my parent be dead . mrs . silk Dead ... that you have no brother , you have no sister . there be no ernestine . there be no walter . coleman I do not want to be coleman silk , the negro classic professor - and that 's how it would always come out , Mom . you know it and I know it . he speak urgently , desperate for she to understand - mrs . silk funny , I never think of you as black or white . gold . you be my golden child ... coleman Mom , look , I have not work the whole thing out , I be just - mrs . silk will you have child ? coleman I suppose ... Mrs. silk will not raise she voice - mrs . silk you be never go to let they see I , be you ? my grandchild ? Mom , you will tell I , sit in the wait room in Penn Station at 11:25 be . I will walk by with my kid in they Sunday best . 77 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 mrs . silk ( cont would ) that will be my birthday present five year from now . and you know I will be there . the train station , the zoo , Central Park - wherever you say . or maybe you can hire I to come over as Mrs. Brown to baby sit . I will do it . put they to bed and clean you house . but be not you take a risk have child ? the suspense will be unbearable . suppose they do not emerge from she womb as white as you ? wo not you have some explain to do ? will you accuse she of adultery ? with a negro ? but she will know that be not true ... she pick up Iris ' photo and realize - mrs . silk ( continue ) maybe it will not come to that . look at that hair . coleman , you seem to have think of everything . if they have hair like they mother 's , that will explain away a lot , will not it ? be you marrying she for she hair ? coleman ( stiff ) of course not . ( get to he foot ) I have to go now , Mom ... mrs . silk you think like a prisoner , coleman . you be white as snow and you think like a slave . he bend down kiss she ; she pull she head away . mrs . silk ( continue ) murderer ... on coleman -- he straighten up , turn and as the camera track with he , walk from the parlor , through the live room and into the front hallway . just as he be about to open the front door , he pause , sense something behind he as he turn we CUT to : 72 73 74 78. continued : ( 3 ) 72 he Pov : stand in the shadow in the dining room we see Mr. silk ( coleman 's father ) . he wear the white jacket of a waiter in a railroad car ; he hand be clasped in front of he . he stare straight at he son . dissolve to : int . coleman' apartment - night 73 close on coleman -- he read , or pretend he be read . we hold on he as we hear : the angry noise of the buzzer from the vestibule . coleman 's head turn at the sound , but he do not move . a moment later Iris appear behind he , she be wear a loose fitting robe and be in the process of drying she hair . Iris who could it be , this late ? instantly coleman be on he foot . coleman I will get it . int . hallway just outside coleman' apartment - same 74 as coleman step outside . he Pov : through the mesh grill we see a shadowy figure in the vestibule . on the door as coleman open it to reveal walter , older , heavier and now wear civilian clothes . walter grab coleman shove he against the wall . walter do not you ever come near Mom again . coleman Walt , wait a-- walter you do not call , you do not write , you do not nothing ! he let go of he brother , look at he with utter contempt . walter ( continue ) I never want to see you lily - white face again . and he turn and walk away . over this we hear : 79 . 74 continued : 74 nathan' voice over with coleman 's decision he fate be decide ... dissolve to : 75 ext . harmony palace chinese restaurant - night 75 the screen be black . the camera pan down and we see the roof of a brightly light chinese restaurant . the camera continue it's move and we see a scatter of car in the parking lot . as we watch a black van pull to a stop in front of the restaurant ... nathan' voice over everything be prepare for what be now inevitable . one of the van door open and a man in he fifty ( bobcat ) get out . nathan' voice over ( continue ) though many year in the future . closer in on lester farley -- he sit be the passenger seat , stare straight ahead ; he have a cigarette in he mouth and be try to light it , but he hand be shaking so that he can not louie come on , Les ... les can not do it , louie ... cross -cutting between they : louie yes you can . it 'ss just a chinese restaurant . les you do not get it they be gook in there bobcat they're chinese Les , not vietnamese . 80 . 75 continued : 75 les ( turn on he ina fury ) asshole ! I do not care what the fuck they be ! they count as gook ! louie ( calming Les down ) I know how hard it be , buddy , but you know you can trust I and I be tell you : you can do this . still lester farley do not move . louie ( continue ) tell you what - you wanna leave after soup and we be out of here , " kay ? we be go . say the word . les what word - ? louie we will have a code word . say the code word and we split , we be go . Les , listen to I : how you gonna see the Wall when it come to pittsfield if you do not - les told you ! ai not go to see the fuckin ' wall ... louie that 's what they all say at first . Les , I know , I be there . look at I , Les - I be twelve year off drug . I 'mclean . I stick to my med . I know what the Wall do for vet like we . trust I , it will work for you ... 76 int . harmony palace chinese restaurant , lennox ~ night 76 on a large table -- the vet be all seat - Chet and bobcat flank Les , in case anything go wrong . Swift be do all the talk . swift you know what piss I off about this pussy from the Gulf War ? they biggest problem be they can not go to the fuckin ' beach . 81 . 76 continued : 16 swift ( cont would ) they -- les ( startle by something 0.s. ) what 's he doin ' ? louie he 's the owner , Les . his name be Henry . he only want to help ... les I gotta’ get out of here . louie not yet . let 's focus on soup - what kind of soup be you have , Les ? les uh. uh ... what be you guy have ? swift wonton - bobcat wonton - louie what about it Les ? lester manage a nod . louie ( continue ) ' kay we be all have wonton . now we be gonna order the other stuff . Les , you want chicken , vegetable , pork ? you want lo mein ? noodle -? from the corner of he eye , Les see a chinese waiter begin he approach - he eye widen with hatred and fear ... les what the fuck - louie can you stay back please ? five wonton soup ! just give we a minute ; we will come to you - baffle , the man step back uncertainly ; Louis turn to Les - 76 continued : 82. ( 2 ) 76 louie ( continue ) double sauteed pork ? double sauteed pork for les. okay , concentrate , Les - Chet , will you pour some tea ? the waiter move forward to help again ~- Chet pour tea ... les just keep the fuck waiter - louie Sir , sir ! Sir , if you just stay there , we will come to you with we order - just ... keep a distance . okay ? right . you stay there . perfect . okay , Les ? swift you be do real good . I remember my first time . think I would never make it . could not even open the fuck menu ... les what 's the fuck code word ? louie tea leaf . just say tea leaf and we be out of here ... the waiter emerge from the kitchen with the soup . instantly , Chet and Swift head off the waiter and take the tray ... les ( to louie , he voice low ) this almost over ? because I be tellin ' you now I can not take much more . I can not fuck take any more ... louie I do not hear the code word , Les , so we be gonna keep go - sir , will you please stay back ! just , stay back - ! we will bring we order ... the waiter stop . close on les -- try to spoon he soup - he hand be shaking . 83. 76 continued : ( 3 ) 76 77 78 louie ( continue ) you be do great , Les ... you be doin ' just great . over this we hear a pianist play prokofiev . int . concert hall , tanglewood ~ day 77 on a pianist -- wear a sweater and jeans be play prokofiev . behind he we see a small chamber group also casually dress . the pianist stop almost mid-phrase as a violinst come over to he and the two man begin to discuss the music in whisper . over this we hear : nathan' voice over I have be both miss coleman and miss the experience of have a intimate friend , .. on the audience --a handful of people , dress as casually as the performer be scattered around the concert hall use for chamber group . behind they , through a large open we can see the berkshire in the distance . on nathan -- he appear at the side move through row of empty seat ( some of which have sweater drape over the back to mark they as occupy ) look for a chair . meanwhile the rehearsal begin again . nathan' voice over ( continue ) ... so I drive to Tanglewood to listen to a rehearsal of the evening 's performance . closer in on nathan -~- as he take he seat and spot something o.s. : he Pov : coleman and faunia be seat several row ahead of Nathan . we see coleman lean across and whisper something to faunia . she smile , but say nothing in response . ext . lawn outside the concert hall - late 78 it be intermission , coleman and faunia be huddle together , he be talk as she light a cigarette . she be listen , although it be obvious that she be very uncomfortable . nathan ( 0.s. ) coleman . coleman look up , a flash of panic in he eye . 84 . 78 continued : 78 coleman ( then smile ) Nathan , I think I see you ... what a surprise ... ( to faunia ) you remember Nathan Zuckerman . coleman take a gentle hold of faunia 's arm so that she will not bolt this time . faunia ( neutral ) I remember . coleman ( step quickly in ) Mr. bronfman 's something be not he ? I be tell faunia that he take ten year at least out of that piano cross -cutting between they : nathan I be think along that line myself . ( a beat , then : ) I have miss you , coleman . maybe I can take you two to dinner some night . coleman ( once more a flicker of panic ) good idea . yes . let 's do that . the intermission bell ring . coleman try to hide relief . coleman ( continue ) uh oh , we have get to run . he 's pull faunia away but Nathan can not help himself . nathan coleman ! coleman I will call you ! as he hurry she away into the crowd we hear : 718 719 80 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 nathan' voice over I try to use my imagination - not to speculate where they go . that be not hard . but rather to ponder what they mutual rage have make of they : outcast , alone together , they be now stripped down to the simple version of themselves . with nothing between they and they destiny . int . bedroom , coleman' house - night 719 close on faunia - ~- as she lean over , kiss coleman . faunia I have to go . coleman stay here tonight . she shake she head , smile ... faunia how many time do I have to tell you ... ( kissing he again ) I never stay the night . although she have say this many time , she heart be not in it coleman ( lean forward to kiss she gently ) just this once . we fade to black : int . coleman' kitchen - next morning 80 on coleman -- he sit at the kitchen table , read the New York Times . a cup of coffee be in front of he and laid out on the table be a elegant breakfast : orange juice , toast in a silver toast rack , egg benedict ( in a cover plate to keep they warm ) . he look up , smile . coleman ( cheerfully ) good morning . reverse on faunia -- she stand in the doorway , wear sweatpant and a wear tee shirt . 86 . 80 continued : 80 coleman ( continue ) sit down , you egg will get cold . faunia sit ; she have the look of a animal whose instinct sense a trap . coleman ( continue ; make conversation ) do not look like monica be go to find a job in New York any time soon . faunia stare at the plate in front of she - her Pov - beautifully prepare egg benedict ... coleman read - coleman ( continue ) " accord to Vernon Jordan -- faunia can not you avoid the fuck seminar ? coleman ( look up at she ) I be only - faunia hurl she cup of coffee across the room , shatter it and its content against the cabinet - faunia I do not give a fuck that poor monica can not find a job ! do fuck monica worry if my back hurt from milk that fuck cow ? do she worry about I sweeping up people 's shit at the fuck post office ? you think lose you job when you be about to retire anyway be a big deal , it 's not , I hate to -tell you . have you step - father put he finger in you cunt , that 's a big deal ; a husband who come up behind you with a iron pipe and hit you in the head that 's a big deal ... have two kid suffocating and die , that 's a big deal ! 87 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 81 82 83 84 faunia ( cont would ) ( tear start ) shit ... ( look around like a trap animal ) why do I fuck stay ?! it be a mistake . even fuck whore know better : " Men do not pay you to sleep with they . they pay you to go home . " and she run out of the house and leave he alone . ext . road - late 81 the same twist two lane we see at the start . faunia 's chevy squealing around curve ... the chevy pass the sign at the head of a dirt road : audubon society - where coleman first give she a lift . her big car squeal to a stop out of frame . int . fauniax chevy - day 82 faunia lean on the wheel , think . crying . ext . audubon society build - day . 83 a gray - shingle two story house nestle in the wood . wind chime . once a residence , now the start of trail into the bird sanctuary ... faunia 's chevy bump uncertainly into the parking area and stop . faunia get out , walk to the door . int . audubon society build ~-day 84 close on a cage with a crow ( prince ) inside ; he move back and forth in a excited manner . fauniax voice hi Prince ... the camera widen it's angle -- and we see faunia approach the cage and the bird get as close to she as it can . faunia ( softly ) how be you do my Prince ? on a door leading to the office -- inside a young girl be feed a animal ; she see faunia , who be obviously a regular visitor . 88 . 84 continued : 84 girl oh , hi. ( nodd toward the cage ) he get out the other day . cross -cutting between they : faunia but he always come back , do not you , boy ? can I have he on my shoulder ? honey , it 's faunia ... the Bird watch she from within its cage . girl you can try , but he will not come out of he cage if he think you want he to - faunia open the cage and hold out she hand , but Prince will not budge - faunia oh , I know all he little trick , do not I , Prince ? ( over she shoulder ) he be famous in seely Falls when I live there , use to go for all the bright object in the parking lot , barrettes in the girl ' hair , key and tin foil . the newspaper write he up ... all about the folk who raise he after the nest be destroy ...one . girl yeah , we use to have the article on the bulletin board , but he peck it all to piece ... faunia ( laugh ) he tore up he clipping ? ashame of you background ? do not want anyone to know about you past ? oh , you good boy , you good crow ... girl he be fly around outside like I say , but the other crow start attack he - they would have kill he . he do not have the right voice . 89 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 faunia it 's from be hand raise ... ( stroking the bird 's breast ) hanging around all he life with people like we . the human stain ... suddenly Prince erupt in he own strange caw - girl see , he imitate the school kid who come here , but it 's not the crow language and they catch on . Prince be a crow that do not know how to be a crow . careful , he bite . tight on prince faunia ( 0o.s . ) oh , I know . listen , he 's hum ! listen , child ... oh , child ... close on faunia -- to the camera : faunia the first time I try be a month after they die ... oh , I be ecstatic , get myself ready , that first time ... I try so hard ... I be so happy . I remember the gin and the valium and the rat poison . it taste bitter so I fold it into the butterscotch pudding ... I be so happy ... why do they break down the door ? I still do not know who do that , who ruin it ... the second time my heart be not in it . it be just impulse and I slashed . tight on the bird -- watch she . faunia ( v.o. ) you remember , do not you , boy ... on faunia -- lean close to the cage , whisper to the bird . faunia this morning I make a mistake . ( she take a last look ) farewell , my Prince . 90 . 85 ext . shopping mall , pittsfield ma . - day 85 establishing shot -- the travel wall ( a reproduction of the Vietnam Memorial in Washington ) have be set up outside a shopping mall in pittsfield . there be a number people ( family member along with Veteran ) seaching for the name of comrade or relative who be kill in action . in spite of the fact that it be a large crowd it be more quiet than you would expect as people move about , talk quietly among themselves ... from the distance we héar a speaker . speaker the people whose name be inscribe on this wall be you relative , friend and neighbor . as the speaker continue we CUT to : close on the wall ( tracking shot ) -- row upon row of the name of the dead . on les , bobcat and louie ( tracking with they ) louie what 's Kenny 's last name ? nothing . Les be mesmerize by the wall . les Les ? les ( continue ) Peterson . Kenneth Peterson ... what follows be a montage as we see couple , they arm around one another look at the wall . a child place a small boquet of flower by the wall . a man about fifty , kneel beside the wall he hand rest against the wall as though it hold some magical power . and all the time we continually cross - CUT tighter and tighter on the name . tighter and tighter on lester farley . finally the camera come to rest on kenneth brigg . louie ( nodd 0o.s. ) he 's right over there , Les . lester farley do not move . louie ( continue ; quietly ) Kenny 's right over there ; he 's wait for you . 85 86 91 . continued : 85 finally Les cross to the wall , stand in front of Kenny 's name for a long beat , then drop to he knee . jump CUT in tight on les as he touch the letter a spasm of pain cross he face ; then he lean forward and kiss the name . on louie and bobcat -- deeply move . louie ( continue ) I tell you the Wall would work . he 's gonna ' be okay . ( tear in he eye ) Les be gonna ' be okay , now ... int . coleman' kitchen - night 86 coleman enter and react - faunia be there . she 's clean the whole place , put away saucepan and wiping off the coffee-staine cupboard from the morning 's debacle . coleman hi ... faunia hi ... custodial staff ... just do my thing ... he say nothing . faunia ( continue ) where be you ? coleman I go to the movie . another pause . faunia I be sorry . for what I do . for what I say . coleman you be right . what happen to I be nothing . faunia they take away everything you have , everything you do - all over one stupid word ... that be not nothing . 92 . 86 continued : 86 87 faunia ( cont would ) anyway , I do not think you can measure sorrow ... they have drift towards one another ; she 's in he arm . they stand in the middle of the kitchen , hold one another . very close in : coleman 's head rest against faunia . coleman ( a whisper ) can you keep a secret ?... she pull away , take he head between she hand , faunia later . as she kiss he we dissolve to : ext . road - dawn 87 on the pick - up truck -- it be park by the side of the road , the light be off ; it sit silent and ominous in the gray light just before dawn . over this we hear : les ' voice ( exhaust ) numb. fuckin ' numb . no emotion . as lester farley continue the camera slowly move in on the truck . les ' voice ( continue ) numb to the death of my own kid . Vietnam . that 's why I never do cry for my kid . he be five and she be eight . she be a stranger , my little girl . that fuck Vietnam , you cause this . my feeling be all fuck up . I say to myself , " why can not I feel ? " I say , " why do not I save they ? why could not I save they ? " I keep think about Vietnam . about all the time I think I die . by now we be close enough to see the silhouette of lester farley , slump down on the driver 's side . he light a cigarette and for a instant we see he face . 87 88 89 90 93. continued : 87 les ' voice ( continue ) that 's how I begin to know I can not die . because I die already . lester' Pov ; ( telephoto shot ) : in the distance , from around a turn we see the light of a car approach . it be the identical shot from the open of the film . les ' voice ( continue ) because I die already in Vietnam . tight on lester -- he lean forward , turn on the ignition on the truck -- as the headlight turn on . again , it be the identical shot from the open of the film . as the truck pull away we CUT to : telephone ringing over : int . nathan' bedroom - early morning 88 Nathan asleep , be awaken by the telephone . groggily , he fumble for the receiver . nathan hello ..? as he listen we hear from the distance , " bewitch , bother and bewildere . " play on the radio : ext . coleman' house 89 wide shot -- it be a summer night , coleman and Nathan be dance . over this we hear : coleman I hear that and everything within I unclench and the wish not to die , never to die be almost too great to bear . ext . waterfall , outside athena - day 90 on a gray sky -- we see crow circle overhead the camera pan down past a freeze waterfall ; in the f.g. be a precipice where a handful of people have gather . the camera come to rest on nathan zuckerman stand at the edge of the crowd . he Pov : of the mourner . a small woman with granny glass ( sally ) be speak . 94 . 90 continued : 90 91 a woman' voice we all live with faunia up at the farm and that 's why we be here this morning , to celebrate a life . faunia farley be , as you know , a deeply spiritual person . as Sally 's eulogy continue we pan across to nathan who be look o.s. he Pov : among the mourner we notice a older , aristocratic look couple ( fauniax mother and step -father ) ; she wear a fur coat , he be perfectly groom . they look very out of place . nathan' voice over not a word about the accident itself . and certainly not a word to suggest what I know without a doubt - that it have be no accident . close on a pair of hand -- hold a urn ; as we watch it be tip and faunia 's ash spill out into the river below ; a moment later the box contain the ash of faunia 's child be hold up and it be overturn as well . int . NORTH hampton VA hospital conference room - day 91 we see a blank wall , the lighting be flourescent and institutional . in the foreground we see lester farley . he be be interview by a psychologist . what we be watch be videotape . les they think the Wall have save I , but I fake they out . use my vehicle , that be the plan . along the river , come right at they , same lane ... suicide mission ... psychologist at what point do you get in you truck ? les this be all confidential , right ? psychologist ummm . . . les after dark . 91 continued : silence . 95 . 91 psychologist have you have dinner ? les no dinner . psychologist why do you get in the truck ? les to get he . psychologist to get who ? les the Jew professor . psychologist why be you go to get he ? les because I have to . psychologist why do you have to ? psychologist ( continue ) you be go to kill he . les oh , yes , all of we . psychologist there be plan then . les no plan . psychologist you know what you be do ? les yes. psychologist but you do not plan it . les no. 91 continued : with that the screen suddenly go black and we CUT to : ( 2 ) psychologist do you think you be back in Vietnam ? les no Vietnam . psychologist be you think about the kid ? you tell I this woman kill you child . be this payback ? les no payback . psychologist be not you try to get revenge , to take revenge for that ? les no revenge . psychologist be you depressed ? les no , no depression . psychologist angry ? les no more anger . psychologist but you drive you truck into they car ? les I do not kill they . psychologist then who kill they ? les ( he smile for the first time ) they kill themselves . 96 . 91 97 . 92 int . administrative office , NORTH hampton hospital ~ day 92 we see the psychologist who interview lester farley with he supervise doctor ; they have be watch a videotape . doctor well ? supervisor do you check the police report ? psychologist yes . doctor ( write as he be talk ) be there any mark on farley 's truck that would indicate a collision with silk 's car ? psychologist no , but he could -- doctor ( he continue to write ) any sign on coleman silk 's car that he be sideswipe by farley 's truck ? the psychologist shake he head . doctor ( continue ; he look up , smile ) delusional . lester farley be completely delusional , but harmless . continue with the regular outpatient treatment . thorazine where indicate . as he close lester farley 's folder we CUT to : 93 ext . pathway in the wood - day 93 a path , lead from the place where faunia ' service be conduct toward the road . the camera track with faunia 's mother and she husband ( fauniax stepfather ) . fauniax mother ( agitate ) but I be she mother ! if she keep a diary -- 93 continued : 98. 93 as they walk past the camera we see Nathan behind they , listen . just then nathan' voice over so faunia know how to read . fauniax stepfather it 's filth ! fauniax mother ( 0.s. ) but it 's all I have leave . Nathan catch up to they . nathan Excuse I , I wonder if I could have a word with -- fauniax stepfather ( stiff ) we be catch a plane . nathan ( press on ) coleman silk be a friend of mine and -- the follow be all overlap . fauniax stepfather ( grow angry ) I tell you we have no -- nathan ( raise he voice ) he do not drive he car off the -- fauniax mother listen to the man , Charles -- fauniax stepfather this be insane ! fauniax mother ( to she husband ) stop push I , nathan it be you daughter 's ex-husband . he kill they -- fauniax stepfather this woman be seriously ill -- 99 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 nathan but you have she diary -- fauniax stepfather there be no diary . I have burn the diary . he take he wife by the arm and they walk away we hold on nathan watch they . nathan' voice over although , I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that lester farley have murder coleman and faunia ; whatever proof I have be go . what could I do about it ? what should I do about it ? we hear : bach fugue in D minor - 94 int . rishanger chapel , athena college - day 94 on a stained glass window nathan' voice over by contrast to faunia 's funeral , coleman 's be stage manage to the noh degree by he family . this be to be coleman 's formal rehabilitation into the Athena College pantheon of heroes - and coleman 's child have spare no pain to get out the vote . they have even find a sacrificial lamb . pan down from to herb keeble as he mount the pulpit . there be a beat of silence . herb ( quietly ) my name be Herbert keble . I be chairman of the political Science Department - and I be among that who do not rise to coleman 's defense when he be accuse of racism . throughout this we cross CUT to the silk pew - where coleman 's child sit : Jeff , Mark ( wear a yarmulke ) and Lisa in tear . we also see all the character from the college we have meet , from the couple who avoid coleman outside the library , even a stoic delphine roux along with Nelson primus and he wife . and near the back Nathan Zuckerman off by himself , listen , watch . 94 95 100 . continued : 94 herb ( continue ) " coleman , I can not be with you on this . " that be what I say , to my everlast shame . oh , I have my reason . I think I could help better behind the scene . if I ally myself publicly , I tell myself , I risk be label a uncle Tom and thereby useless . I be wrong ! I should never have say to my friend , " I can not be with you on this . " I should have say , " I must be with you on this . " I should have speak up to say what I want to say now in the presence of he former colleague and especially in the presence of he child : that the alleged misconduct never take place . coleman silk and he wife Iris be betrayed by the moral stupidity of a censorious , coercive community and I be a member of that community . we all be . Nathan look around . people be cry . ext . cemetery - later 95 the service be over , people drift away from the gravesite . close on two adjoining tombstone which read : Iris silk 1934-1998 coleman silk 1930 - Nathan remain , lose in think as people disappear around he . only gradually be he aware ... there 's a woman perhaps 62 , still stand by the grave , primly hold she purse , a blank expression on she face . she be a light -skin African american . nathan Mrs. keble ? ( she look at he ) I believe you husband 's eulogy change everything today . the woman turn to he . 95 96 101 . continued : 95 woman I be not Mrs. keble . tight on nathan , as he slowly realize - nathan you're ... be you coleman 's sister ? int . madamaska inn - later 96 Nathan and ernestine be sit in the lounge of a quaint , country inn . tight on the hand of a waiter -- as he serve they tea . nathan lemon or milk ? ernestine milk . ( then : ) that day walter tell coleman never to contact mother again - he froze everything forever . nathan you mother obey walter ? ernestine all the silk man from my father on down be very decisive , Mr. Zuckerman . yes , she do . but I do not . I would phone coleman on he birthday , thing like that ... I be try to reach he two day ago , he seventieth birthday ... the day after he be kill . ( realize ) I must have speak to one of my nephew - ( she look away for a moment then regain she composure ) I do not blame walter ; he be try to spare my mother more heartache . nathan do he succeed ? ernestine when she die in the hospital , she be delirious . : 96 continued : 102 . 96 ernestine ( cont would ) she keep say , " oh nurse , get I to the train , I get a sick baby at home ... " over and over . walter and I know who that sick baby be . nathan be walter still alive ? ernestine oh , yes . we be all a family of teacher , Mr. Zuckerman , imagine . even coleman 's side of the family - I wish we parent have know that . and walter be the first color superintendent of school in the state of New Jersey . ( smile ) I guess you can tell what generation I be - I say " color " and " negro " . nathan do you know why you brother resign from the college ? ernestine . I gather he be accuse of racism . ( smile sadly ) that beat all , do not it ? nathan for use the word " spook " . ernestine sound like from what I have hear today that anything be possible nowadays . people be just get dumber - but more opinionate . the year I retire , youngster be tell I that for Black History month they would only read a biography of a black by a black . what kind of silly idea be " Black History month " anyway ? if you be go to study Charles Drew , you do he when you do " science " , do not segregate he in " Black History month " , for heaven sake . nathan I be afraid I do not know who Charles Drew be . 96 continued : 103 . ( 2 ) 96 ernestine shame on you , Mr. Zuckerman . Dr. Charles Drew discover how to prevent blood from clotting so it could be bank . then he be injure in a car accident and the nearest hospital would not take color , so he ble to death . silence as Nathan contemplate this . she look at he - ernestine ( continue ) you know what 's sad , Mr. Zuckerman ? nowadays it 's impossible to imagine anyone do what my brother feel he have to do then ... construct he whole life around a lie . he could have stop that racism charge in its track - I wonder if that solution even occur to he . tell I something , Mr. Zuckerman . do he ever acknowledge what he would do ? to anyone ? close on nathan -- he be silent for a long beat . nathan no , I do not think so . I do not think he do . ernestine ( a rueful smile ) so he be coleman until the end . set out to do something and do it all the way . even to the point of be bury as Jew . ( sadly ) oh , coleman ... she stand ; Nathan stand as well . ernestine ( continue ) well , it 's be quite a day ... the camera move with they as they start towards the door . nathan be you go to tell walter ? ernestine not unless he ask . 104 . 96 continued : ( 3 ) 96 nathan what about coleman 's child ? ernestine it be for coleman to tell they ; not I . nathan 97 98 but you tell I . ernestine no , you say , " you be coleman 's sister , " and I admit it . I be not the one with something to hide . ernestine ( continue ; she extend a hand ) thank you for you hospitality ... nathan May I come and visit you in New Jersey ? I would very much like to meet walter . ernestine let I think about it ... and she walk out the door . int . nathan be car ~- dusk 97 Nathan drive carefully , lose in think . abruptly he react - he Pov - parked by the roadside , a snow - cover , red pickup . Nathan study the car , slow down ... stop . get out - the middle of nowhere on a chilly twilight . Nathan walk around the truck , study it ... the murder weapon ... on the rear bumper : mia / pow ... footstep in the snow lead into the wood ... Nathan look around , hesitates , decide to follow they ... ext . wood - twilight 98 several angle - Nathan make he way cautiously through the whiteness of tree ... until he come out onto - 105 . 99 ext . frozen lake - twilight 99 as Nathan emerge from the wood , look ... nathan' Pov - a stun vista of white ... the lake be freeze over . no sign of civilization , but - in the middle of the lake , a lone figure sit on a upturn yellow bucket , hunch over a hole in the ice , a fishing line in he hand : lester , dress in black wool cap , pull down over he forehead and ear ... heavy overall , boot , etc . Nathan do not move . but the figure see he . now or never . Nathan 's expression of fear and determination ... close : nathan' foot step gingerly onto the ice . it hold . then he other foot . the foot start walk ... low Pov - Nathan 's feet , the figure of lester get closer . finally , Nathan 's foot stop , twenty foot away from he ... les ( do not look up ) you be on thin ice . the man look at one another . nathan I would say we both be . Fish bite ? les not too good ; not too bad ... he glance away . Nathan do too and perceive several neat circular hole dig randomly in the ice - and a four foot metal shaft end in a corkscrew blade : a lethal - look auger , rotate by the cranke handle on top . Nathan 's glance up from the deadly tool bump into Les ' eye . nathan beautiful spot . les why I be here ... nathan peaceful . les away from all the craziness . I be out of it . ( steal another glance ) Long as I can keep it secret ... 106 . 99 continued : 99 nathan true enough . only now I know . Les glance up again , then back at he fishing line - les you look like a man who can keep a secret . be not you the writer ? nathan what do you think about if the fish be not bite ? he do not answer for a moment , then - les I be think if I have a son he would be out here with I now , fishing . that 's what I be think when you walk out here . think you might have be my son . nathan do you have a son ? les no. nathan never marry ? another pause . then , finally , he make a face - les doom . ( he jiggle the line ) when I come back from Vietnam I could not relate to anybody . ( look around ) clean clothes , folk say hello , go to party - I could not relate to it anymore . use to get in my car and drive around . my buddy be afraid I be go to die in a car accident , they be - nathan be you ever in a car accident ? les ( smile ) would not know if I be . 99 continued : 107 . ( 2 ) 99 nathan you still have ptsd ? Post traumatic stress disorder ? les well , I tend to isolate , do not I ? what do you think I be do out here ? nathan but no more car accident ... les there be never any accident . do not you listen ? nathan and no kid . les nope . you ? nathan no . les married ? nathan no more . les so , you and I in the same boat . what kind of book you write ? nathan i. write about people like you . les be that so ? what 's the name of one of you book ? nathan ( hesitates ) the human stain . it 's not finish . les when it be , I will buy it . nathan I will send you a copy . what 's you name ? 99 continued : 108 . ( 3 ) 99 les Les farley ; send it care of Pete 's garage ... nathan I will if you promise to read it . Les rise , put down the fishing line and pick up the dreadful - look corkscrew auger . as Nathan , transfix with fear watch , Les bring it over to he , crunching ominously on the thin ice , hold it under Nathan 's nose . do we hear the ice cracking under they combine weight ? Nathan so satisfied les I start ice fishing after my wife leave I . all you have to do be dress warm and own the right equipment - like this auger . you drill a hole through the ice . this ' 1ll cut through just about anything - and drop you line with you favorite lure right through . frighten he can not speak - les ( continue ) any flash down there and the fish be attract . they be sensitive to movement . the smallest vibration can alert they - even in the dark . and it 's way dark down there ... that Nathan be frighten , he tone change - les ( continue ) if I have a son , Little Les , a son of my own , I reckon I would be teach he all this stuff instead of you . nathan it 's cold out here ... les you better believe it . 109 . 99 continued : ( 4 ) 99 100 nathan ( take a step backwards ) I should be go ... les but you know you ice fishing now , do not you ? you can put it in you book ... Nathan continue back up , still face Les and that drill -~ nathan do not worry - I will ... les and you know my secret place here . you know everything now , do not you ? but you will not tell , will you ? nathan I hear you ... les ( a beat then ) and , hey , Mr. Zuckerman . on nathan -- he freeze . les ( continue ) what about the book ? nathan you get it , it 's in the mail . wide angle ( nathan be Pov ) : Les stand motionless on the ice , hold the auger , as Nathan slowly , cautiously , turn and walk back towards shore . snow begin to fall and as we hold on les farley the snow grow thicker until the screen be white . we hold for a beat SOUND over : the light clicking sound of typing on a computer keyboard ... close on computer screen as typing appear - 100 this be the story of the tricky life and bitter downfall of coleman silk . Nathan 's voice mumble the word over he type ... widen to reveal '' mowtd ol fava - " atts uewset top ' puetaz aw fo ttefumop 7929 tq pue eztt ayotarz ey jo az0 as |y I st stul '' wat ueuleqtod , ez0zeq , pusettazz aw , spzom eyq ut sed aq ueuje N u - jo ttefumop teq3 tq pue exgtt ayotia ey jo azo ys |yr ST stul , zteiwiw " " * 2t pusure 02 sayoesz pue so uuejuss sty a 3e sumoifz ueuien lhdin - acal S , nvhlyn oot * cahnnilnood oot '' ott