the session ( formerly the surrogate ) written by Ben lewin base on a true Story ext . berkeley , california . day 1 1 subtitle Berkeley , California - 1981 - dissolve to actual tv news footage from 1981 a busy intersection near the uc Berkeley campus . a strange , self - propel motorize gurney whirr into view and make its way over a pedestrian crosswalk . the passenger , MARK o'brien , in he early 30 , be visible only from the neck up . the rest of he be cover by a blanket . he operate the gurney with a mouth control and a set of mirror position around he head . news reporter ( v.o . ) Mark o'brien have be go to uc Berkeley since 1978 . that 's o' brien in the motorize gurney head for class last week . the gurney continue along a leafy promenade on the campus . passer - by just go about they normal business . news reporter ( v.o . ) he have polio when he be 6 year old . the disease leave he body crippled but he mind remain sharp and alert , and since he want to be a writer , Mark o'brien enter Cal to major in English and learn he trade . we hear a voice recite a verse of poetry as we follow Mark in he contraption . MARK ( v.o . ) graduation today I hear the crowd 's applause receive congratulation from my friend today I ask if I have find a place among the rest I hope you see a man upon this stage who study ...read .. write , and pass the test in cap and gown , diploma on my chair the scene change to the interior of a large auditorium . a graduation ceremony be in progress . suddenly , everyone in the hall , graduate , they family , academics and other , rise to they foot as Mark , in he gurney , buzze across the stage , a mortar board hang on one of the handle . 1a . news reporter ( v.o . ) and so , Mark o'brien graduate from Cal , one of 250 English major to receive degree today . 2 . the dean step forward , congratulate Mark and place a diploma on he blanket . the gurney make its way across the rest of the stage to thunderous applause . the scene change back to the campus exterior . the news reporter talk to camera . news reporter if this report tell we anything , it be that a disability be not necessarily a handicap . in the background , Mark 's family and friend be gather round he in a jubilant mood . news reporter ( cont 'd ) Mark o' brien teach we that courage and perseverance overcome obstacle . with Mark o'brien at uc Berkeley , Bill hillman , Channel five eyewitness News . end of news footage 1a ext . san francisco . night 1a classic shot of the illuminate Golden Gate Bridge . super caption : " a few year later " ext . STREET outside MARK 's. night 2 2 it be about 4.00 a.m . all be quiet . we follow a mean-look alley cat to the front of a modest , ground - floor apartment . it pause , then slink round the side , onto a ledge and in through a partially - open window . int . mark place . night 3 3 the cat come through the window , hop onto the floor and quickly find a nice little plate of food scrap that have be set out specially . as it settles down to its meal , we become aware of a heavy and regular sound , like a ship 's pump , come from somewhere close - by . in the center of the room be a object that look like a prop from a ` 5as sci-fi movie . a human head protrude from one end . the object be a iron lung , and its purpose be to keep its occupant , Mark o'brien , breathe . every 4.5 second , the pump mechanism create a vacuum inside , force Mark 's chest to expand and suck in air . he be fast asleep . 2a . MARK ( v.o . ) breathe look you this most excellent canopy , the air , press down upon I at 15 pound per square inch a dense , heavy , blue-glow ocean . teasing I with its nearness and immensity . and all I get be a thin stream of it . a finger 's width of the rope that tie I to life . have now eat its fill , the cat have a good scratch , then wander over to the iron lung . 3. it hop up onto the small platform that support Mark 's head and slide itself along he face , once this way , once the other way , then jump on top of the iron lung and walk its length . through the porthole , we just make out the shape of Mark 's bent , undersize body . suddenly , Mark 's nose twitches . he open he eye and grimace . MARK shit ! his face continue to contort as he try to cope with the terrible itching . he shake he head violently , then stop suddenly and close he eye . we hear he thought . MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) okay , just focus . now , scratch with you mind , okay , you mind , scratch with you mind ... after a couple more nose twitches , he settles down . it seem to have work . in he peripheral vision , Mark can see the cat make itself comfortable in a corner chair , one of the only other piece of furniture in the room . the first hint of dawn start to appear through the curtain . they illuminate a large frame portrait of the virgin Mary hang on the wall . Mark acknowledge it . MARK ( cont 'd ) good morning . sunlight stream in , make the picture look truly sacred . ext . mark place . day 4 4 joan , a solid but slovenly woman in she late 30 , walk up to Mark 's front door , take a key from she purse and let herself in . int . mark place . day 5 5 she come in . joan good morning . Mark do not immediately acknowledge she . MARK you be late . a little later the center of the iron lung , basically a thin mattress , have be sly out , and Joan be in the process of give Mark a bed bath . he be frail and helpless . 4. there be a look of resentment in he eye as this apparently unfeel woman exercise total control over he , at least temporarily . MARK ( v.o . ) Joan I swear this be one crazy bitch who would swing I about enough to scare I , but careful enough so she could say : " now what be all the yell about ? you polio be screamer . always be . " I do not say a word , but type my skinny novel in my head , and think about revenge . in the course of wash he private part , Mark have a involuntary erection . Joan give he a shriveling look . he feel belittle and humiliate . a little later Mark be on he side , he trousers be on and she be buttone up a bright red shirt . it be a awkward business . they do it in silence , avoid eye contact as much as possible . ext . STREET outside mark place . day 6 6 Joan push Mark along in a gurney , similar , but slightly different from the one in the news clip . there be no mirror and no motor , just a oxygen tank , a tube and a mouthpiece just next to Mark 's mouth . most of he be cover with a colorful blanket . the whole thing be a sport - coupe version of he iron lung . joan would you mind if I ask you a favor ? MARK you need help move furniture ? she have no apparent sense of humor . joan I need a advance on my pay , like two week . that 's not a big ask , be it ? Mark look rightfully shocked . MARK what if you do not last another two week ? 4a . he give she a look , and mean it . we hear he thought . MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Joan never fail to put I in a crappy mood . it be also a drag that I be no longer allow to use my other gurney , the self - propel one . it have cause a couple of spectacular accident . they turn a corner and approach a church . 5 . MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) basically , in spite of all the mirror , I could not see where I be go . 6a ext . catholic church . day 6a Joan push Mark 's gurney into the sanctuary . int . catholic church . day 7 7 father brendan be give a sermon . Mark listen with satisfaction . there be not many other there . father brendan the Apostle luke tell we that when Elizabeth speak to Mary , the baby in she womb leapt - " for lo , as soon as the voice of thy salutation sound in mine ear , the babe leap in my womb for joy " . so Mary 's fear and apprehension slowly give way to pride and purpose . Elizabeth see the greatness in Mary . " bless art thou among woman " . Elizabeth , pregnant herself with St. John , feel the power of this wondrous woman . it be Elizabeth , and she absolute faith , that give Mary the courage she be lack , and she give thanks say : " my soul doth magnify the Lord , and my spirit hath rejoice in God my saviour " . May the spirit of the Lord be amongst you and remain with you always . mass be over . people come up to Mark and place a hand on he head or chest and say , " God bless you . " in the background we can also hear Father Brendan . father brendan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) May the peace of the Lord be with you . parishioner and also with you . a little later 5a . 7a int . side chapel . day 7a Mark wait alone in a tiny chapel off to the side of the church . he turn he head , take a suck on the mouthpiece of he portable respirator , then look around at the impressive stain glass window . the expression on Mark 's face be that of a true believer . MARK ( v.o . ) I be definitely a true believer . but I believe in a God with a sense of humor . a wick sense of humor . one who create I in his own image . Father Brendan enter . there be a awkward short moment when he realize that there be no point in offer to shake hand . for no good reason , he nod instead . father brendan hello . I be Father Brendan . I do not think we have meet . 6 . MARK no , we have not . I be Mark o'brien . I know Father seamus very well . I be sorry that he 's not here any more . father brendan as be many other . I be go to do my best to fill he shoe . I understand you would like I to hear you confession . MARK yes , I would . by the way , I enjoy mass . I like you tone . Father Brendan be not sure how to take this . father brendan thank you . MARK you do not believe absolute privacy be a essential part of the confessional , do you ? father brendan no , I do not . I believe sincerity be the most essential part . MARK I tell my attendant to come back in half a hour . be that okay ? father brendan yes , take you time . I be in no rush . MARK do Father seamus say anything to you about I ? father brendan no one say anything to I about you . MARK I can be a bit time consume , but I be worth the trouble . Father Brendan break a smile for the first time . father brendan I be here for you Mark . 7. MARK look , this be not exactly a confession . I have not yet do the deed . I be hope to sort of get a quote in advance . Father Brendan sit down . father brendan tell I what 's on you mind . MARK the most immediate thing on my mind would be my attendant , Joan . I be think of get rid of she . it 's a evil think , but I can not help it . father brendan be she dishonest , or incompetent ? MARK no , neither of that . she look at I the wrong way . it 's that you - need - me-more- than - I - need - you look . I would like to show she she 's wrong , just for the evil satisfaction it will give I . be that a sin , Father ? father brendan well , it obviously trouble you . MARK yes , it trouble I a lot . because maybe it 's really a power trip . I against she . I against the world . father brendan I really would not worry too much about that . the question be whether you like have she around . MARK I can not stand she . father brendan then get rid of she . if I be in a position to choose , I would get someone nice . even it be a power trip . MARK then I have you bless to fire she ? 8. father brendan unofficially , yes . MARK that 's good enough for I . father brendan please , if ever you feel I can be useful , do let I know . it be a pleasure talk with you . MARK same here . int . mark place . day 8 8 we see a pencil eraser on the end of a stick slowly tapping the key on a electric typewriter . at the other end of the stick , which be about a foot long , be Mark , manipulate it adeptly with he mouth . there be a white index card in the typewriter on which he be type a job notice . we see the first word . " poet " ext . berkeley college . day 9 9 a community notice board . a young female hand reach in and take a index card off the board . the card read : poet / journalist require assistant with advanced sense of humor we see amanda 's face as she smile . she be in she early 20 . MARK ( v.o . ) amanda would have be a pretty girl to touch , to hold , to kiss , to take to bed . 10 omitted 10 int . mark place . day 11 11 Mark be in he iron lung . amanda sit in a stiff chair a few foot away , be interview . Rod be work in the kitchen . Mark 's poem continue . 9 . MARK ( v.o . ) her perfect , pale skin , her tudor court face her strong , fleshy leg drive I into ecstasy of despair . Mark ask a question . MARK do you have any experience ? amanda no , none at all . MARK that sound perfect . Mark stare at she lovingly . int . mark place . day 12 12 from Mark 's Pov , amanda slide he out of the iron lung . it be she first time , and it be a awkward business . amanda how long can you stay out ? MARK Three or four hour . depend whether I be have fun . 12a int . mark place . 12 a day it be some time later . amanda be give Mark a massage . with enormous satisfaction , he feel she curvy part move around he and sometimes press against he . he also get a bird 's eye view of she breast . MARK ( v.o . ) she would count in french before lift I , un , deux , trois , quatre ! I would scream tug by she athletic arm from the everlast gravity . ext . park . day 14 14 Mark , on a blanket , be on a outing with amanda , Matt and another couple . they be play scrabble . 9a . MARK ( v.o . ) she take I on a picnic once , with she boyfriend and another couple . lust crackle in the air between that twentyish people . amanda be clearly pay more attention to Mark than to Matt . MARK ( v.o . ) what do the boyfriend think ? that I be in he way ? I be always in somebody 's way , I think , the sun in my eye . 10 . we sense Mark 's deep satisfaction as he close he eye and the sun warm he face . MARK ( v.o . ) as she glide through crowd of life she could not leave I lie there dried out bubble gum stick on the underneath of existence . int . bathroom . night 13 13 amanda and she boyfriend matt , be share the tub . matt do you touch he ? amanda I do everything . any other question ? matt you do not have to be so defensive . I be not about to get jealous . amanda why not ? he 's a much nicer person than you be . she get out of the bath suddenly . int . mark place . day 15 15 amanda be shave Mark . MARK what do you boyfriend think of I ? amanda he 's a asshole . it do not matter what he think of you . MARK I be interested in the opinion of a asshole . amanda he think you be some kind of svengali , and that you be go to hypnotise I into you cult . MARK he 's right . 11 . amanda he say he can already see change . she finish shave he and clean he up . his eye feast on every detail of she face . cut to somewhere at night , amanda be give Mark a pole dance demonstration , complete with disco beat and mirror - ball lighting . MARK ( v.o. ) so with she gentle fearless heart she take I in . I thrive in she garden and want more . a16 ext . STREET near clothing store . day a16 amanda wheel Mark towards a clothing store . int . clothing store . day 16 16 amanda be wheeling Mark in he gurney around the store , stop from time to time to take something down from the shelf . she pick out a shirt . amanda this you must have . as she lean over to show it to he , Mark do not seem to be listen . he whisper to she . MARK I love you . she say nothing and give the faintest of smile , then put the shirt back . they continue round the store in thoughtful silence and avoid eye contact with each other . we sense from the look on they face that this moment spell the end of a beautiful friendship . 17 omitted 17 int . side chapel . day 18 18 Mark and Father Brendan be huddle together in the little chapel . father brendan do she reciprocate you feeling ? MARK she do not seem to . 11a . father brendan sometimes people can be very shy about they emotion . 12 . MARK well , in case she do not get it the first time , I tell she again that I be in love with she , and want to marry she , think it might swing thing . father brendan do it ? MARK yes . she leave . they sit in silence for a while . Father Brendan seem to be at something of a loss . father brendan I wish I know what to say . I mean , welcome to the human race . every day someone break someone else 's heart . and as I say , I be here for you . I just wish I have something more useful to offer . all I have be this vague idea about life and death that priest be equip with . have you ever think of discuss you feeling with a therapist ? MARK not as yet . Father , I think I need a hug . after a moment of surprise , Father Brendan rise to the occasion . he seem to know how to move Mark gently and efficiently . they hug . ext . mark place . day 19 19 Rod be in the front yard pick up the newspaper . he see vera , chinese , mid -20s , a sensible type , approach Mark 's front door . rod hi. Vera ? vera yes . he offer he hand . 13 . rod I be Rod . I do four to twelve . int . mark place . day 20 20 Vera sit in the same spot where amanda be interview , but without the same aura , although she be far from ugly . MARK have you have any experience ? vera some . she be reserve and unsmile . Mark seem disinterested in the whole process . the phone ring . they both look at it . MARK would you get that , please . Vera pick up the phone and answer a little hesitantly . vera hullo . after a few moment , she turn to Mark . vera ( cont 'd ) it 's Sandy , from Pacific News service . MARK could you press that button and put it on the speakerphone . she do as she be ask with perfect efficiency . MARK ( cont 'd ) hi , Sandy . sandy ( v.o . ) hi , Mark , how you do ? MARK I be good . I have a new attendant . she answer the phone . her name 's Vera . sandy ( v.o . ) welcome , Vera . vera thank you . 14 . sandy ( v.o . ) Mark , we have get sponsorships to do a series on sex and the disabled and we would like you to do some interview in the Berkeley area . could you do that ? say in the next week or so ? Mark be momentarily take aback . MARK why now ? sandy ( v.o . ) no particular reason . if you be work on something else , then we can talk about it later . MARK no , now be fine . ext . carmen' driveway . day 21 21 Vera wheel Mark towards he first interview . the more we see Vera , the more we like she . MARK ( v.o. ) there be no deny it . a door have open which I could not close , and in invisible write it say : " do not enter " . int . carmen' place . day 22 22 we see the slowly rotate reel of a portable cassette recorder . we hear a female voice . carmen ( v.o . ) some position , like that one , be pretty much impossible . carmen , early 30 , be a paraplegic in a wheelchair . she be pretty and animated , and have full use of she hand . carmen I do not know if you can quite visualize it . it 's call a lateral , or sideways reverse cow - girl . it be obvious that Mark can not visualize it . although she do not give much away , we sense that Vera can . 14a . carmen ( cont 'd ) do not worry about it then . it 's just a question of depth of penetration . ( more ) 15 . carmen ( cont 'd ) to some people it 's really important , like my partner , for example . it 's not such a big deal for I . I get just as excited when he lick my nipple , if and when he bother to do it . Mark look troubled . carmen ( cont 'd ) I think the tape 's about to run out . at that very moment , there be a click , and the tape run out . Vera flip the tape over , set it run in record mode , and take she place again behind Mark 's gurney . carmen ( cont 'd ) do you want to keep go ? MARK uh , I think I have actually get enough to work on . thanks . carmen get back to I if you need anything else . oh , and let I give you greg 's phone number . he 's full of stuff you would not think be possible . int . mark place . day 23 23 Rod vacuum the floor while Mark tap away on he typewriter . Mark look troubled . 23a ext . greg' place . day 23a we hear voice . MARK ( v.o. ) okay , shall we start ? greg ( v.o. ) sure . we hear the cassette recorder click on . 23b int . greg' place . day 23b greg be a handsome quadriplegic . Vera be there with Mark . 16 . greg oral sex be a matter of taste . Mark do not get it . Vera , as usual , be impassive . greg ( cont 'd ) and one thing that really work in my favor be that I smoke so much weed that my taste bud be pretty jade . this give I a great deal of stamina in the tongue department , and stamina be key in cunnilingus . int . mark place . night 24 24 the alley cat creep in through the open window . Mark watch it approach from he iron lung . MARK who be this people ? I feel like a anthropologist interview a tribe of headhunter . the cat seem to understand . ext . university admin build . day 25 25 a lady with a crisp voice answer the phone . lady ( v.o. ) good morning . ucsf . on the other end of the line , Mark try to control the shakiness of he voice . MARK ( v.o. ) uh , may I please speak to someone in the Center on sexuality and disability , please . a pause . lady ( v.o. ) I be sorry sir , the Center on sexuality and disability have be shut down . int . mark place . day 26 26 Mark look immensely relieved . he close he eye . 17 . MARK thank God . lady ( v.o. ) Sir ? MARK I be sorry to have bother you . lady ( v.o. ) it 's no bother ... Sir , before you go , I can give you a phone number for one of the therapist who use to work there . would you like that ? Mark hesitates . he wince under the strain of have to make a decision . lady ( v.o. ) Sir , be you there ? 27 omitted 27 omitted 28 28 ext . build . day 29 29 it be a typical , modern , multi-purpose office building . we hear the sound of grunt , bump and clanging . int . lobby . day 30 30 there be something of a commotion go on at one of the elevator . Vera , and a small , well - meaning crowd , be try to get Mark and he gurney inside . it will not fit horizontally . as they angle it up , Mark begin to panic . MARK it will not fit . it 's not go to fit . let 's go back . a muscular latino guy reassure he . latino hey , it 's fine . we get you . this be go to work just fine . Vera guide he . vera the top have to go over to the leave . 17a . MARK I do not feel so good about this . let 's forget it . the latino guy take no notice . Vera be flushed and angry . 18. vera look , do you want to see this woman or not ? MARK no ! one more heave and the gurney go in with a jolt . MARK ( cont 'd ) aah ! vera well , it 's too late . the elevator door close . int . laura' office . day 31 31 Laura , a well - dress , attractive woman in she late 30 , sit in a chair a few foot from Mark . his gurney take up most of the available space in the room . LAURA do you ever discuss sex with you parent ? MARK no . that would have be unthinkable . LAURA why ? MARK that 's the way they see the world . it be not just that polite people do not think about sex . no - one do . it be never discuss . as far as they be concerned , there be nothing down there . Laura listen . she be pretty in a dark , angular way . a phone on she desk ring . LAURA sorry about that . she walk over to it , push a button , then come back . she have a noticeable limp . MARK what 's that from ? LAURA cerebral palsy . 19 . MARK you would hardly notice . LAURA people notice . it 's not easy , the whole thing , attract a guy , dating , sex , all very problematic . MARK I find that hard to believe in you case . LAURA well , you better believe it . MARK so , what sort of chance do you give I ? LAURA of achieve you romantic fantasy ? very small to minute . MARK look , there 's no need to pull any punch . you can be as direct as you like with I . she smile . LAURA Mark , I be just a humble sex therapist . I try to help people with sex problem that can be address . you problem , I understand , be that you have never have sex . MARK that 's correct . LAURA would I be correct in assume you be unable to masturbate ? MARK correct . LAURA have anyone do it for you ? MARK no . LAURA have you ever ask anyone ? 20 . MARK not specifically . I ask someone to marry I . she decline . do that come close to masturbation ? LAURA you know , be with the person you love be not the only way of express yourself sexually . there be people call sex surrogates . MARK oh ? LAURA psychotherapist and psychiatrist be not allow to have sex with they client , even if it seem like a good idea . sex surrogates do not have that limitation . MARK would this be cover by my medical benefit ? LAURA unfortunately , no . you would have to pay the full fee , whatever that be . MARK so , basically , I would be pay for sex . LAURA yes Mark , you would be pay for sex . but the person you would be pay be not a hooker . she be a highly train and sensitive professional , who be not motivate by money . just as I be not . in fact , you can think of a surrogate as a extension of I . do I seem like a hooker to you ? Mark think . 31a omitted 31a 21 . 31b int . laura' office . day 31b Mark come back to reality . MARK what sort of cost would I be look at ? LAURA it depend how many session you need . MARK say , one , just to try it and see if I like it . LAURA I be sorry , it do not work that way . it 's a process . you have to be patient with yourself . there can be quite a lot of talk involved . MARK I have set aside $ 500 . do you think that would cover thing ? LAURA oh yes , that 's ample . so , what do you think ? 22. int . church . day 32 32 Rod wheel Mark into the church . int . side chapel . day 33 33 Mark wait in the little side chapel . Father Brendan enter . father brendan hi , good to see you . how be thing ? MARK thing be sort of confusing at the moment . I would appreciate you advice , as a friend , if you know what I mean . Father Brendan sit down on the end of a pew next to Mark . father brendan sure , and I understand what you mean . MARK do you remember at one point you suggest I might see a therapist ? father brendan yes . MARK well , one way or another , it 's a long story , I end up see a therapist , a particular sort of therapist , a sex therapist . father brendan uh-huh . MARK my penis speak to I , Father Brendan . sometimes I ejaculate during a bed bath in front of my attendant . ( more ) 23. MARK ( cont 'd ) all I feel be shame and mortification , while other man , apparently , get pleasure . I be sorry if I sound angry . father brendan do not worry about it . go on . Mark pause to take a few breath on he oxygen mouthpiece , then go on . MARK this therapist suggest I could work with a sexual specialist , have sex with someone know as a sex surrogate , who would be sensitive to my special need . I have be give it some think . Father Brendan interrupt he . father brendan hold on . what do you mean " have sex " ? MARK well , I do not really know how to describe ... father brendan sorry , that be not what ... I mean , be we talk about sexual intercourse ? MARK I think so . father brendan outside marriage ? MARK I do do my best on the question of marriage . Father Brendan shake he head with concern . father brendan what be the difference between this sexual specialist and a common prostitute ? MARK I do not know , but I think there 's a difference . 23a . father brendan how do you know she 's not some hooker gussie up as a social worker , who 's just go to rob you ? MARK I trust what my therapist say about she . father brendan how old be you ? MARK thirty-eight . father brendan why exactly now ? MARK I never have any spare cash before . that 's a major factor , and I be probably get close to my use - by date . father brendan and this be what you want my advice about ? fornication ? MARK you advice as a friend . father brendan and do I have the casting vote , so to speak ? MARK let 's say I value you advice just as much as I do the therapist 's . father brendan you be serious , be not you ? MARK I think sex be a serious matter . it 's one of the most persistent theme in the bible . ( more ) 24 . MARK ( cont 'd ) so , be it possible for I to know a woman , in the biblical sense , and do I want to find out ? father brendan and you want my opinion ? MARK please . Father Brendan contemplate for a few moment . he look up at the statue of Jesus , then make a decision . father brendan I know in my heart that he will give you a free pass on this one . go for it . MARK what ? father brendan I say , go for it . MARK really ? father brendan if you feel up to it . do you feel up to it ? MARK to tell the truth , I be scared . father brendan then we should pray . Father Brendan and Mark pray together . father brendan ( cont 'd ) sweet Jesus , Mark and I sit at you foot and pray that you bless this little journey , this one small step for a man . 34 omitted 34 35 omitted 35 25 . 36 omitted 36 37 omitted 37 37a omitted 37a ext . STREET near carmen 's. day 38 38 rod be wheeling Mark along in he gurney . MARK I really feel proud of myself , impose on someone I hardly know , to fornicate in they home . rod get over it . it 's perfectly normal . they arrive at carmen' place . 26 . int . carmen' place . day 39 39 carmen , in she electric wheelchair , be the woman Mark have earlier interview . she push a button on a remote control , which open concertina double - door , which reveal a adjacent bedroom . carmen tada ! the bed itself be set at a perfect height for someone in a wheelchair or gurney . the room have be deck out with flower , candle and incense . MARK wow ! carmen point to the bedside table . carmen there be all sort of useful thing in that drawer there , if you guy feel like explore . Mark do not even begin to get it . MARK no , I will bring my own sheet , towel and anything else we need . carmen no , no . everything will be provide . I be honore that you ask I . it will be great karma for the house . ext . STREET near carmen 's. day 40 40 Rod be wheeling Mark back home . MARK great karma for the house . my God , the pressure , already . I can not stand it . 41 omitted 41 42 omitted 42 27 . 43 omitted 43 ext . STREET . day 44 44 we be outside a old - style wooden house with a volvo wagon park in front . a phone ring . int . cheryl' kitchen . day 45 45 we hear the sound of sneaker on a wood floor . tony , a adolescent with a pony tail pick up the phone . tony hey , this be tony . he listen , then look away from the phone and shout . tony ( cont 'd ) Cheryl ! cheryl ( v.o . ) what be it ? tony phone ! he talk into the mouthpiece . tony ( cont 'd ) she 's come . cheryl arrive . she be in she mid-30s . she grab the phone , put she hand over the mouthpiece and glare at tony . cheryl I be not you girlfriend . when someone call , particularly someone you do not know , you can use the word ' Mom ' . 28 . tony glare back . Cheryl take off she right earring . cheryl ( cont 'd ) hullo , this be Cheryl . LAURA ( v.o. ) hi , it 's Laura . cheryl I have not hear from you in a while . how be you ? LAURA ( v.o. ) pretty well . look , I call to ask how you would feel about work with a severely disabled client . suddenly , Cheryl notice that tony have open the refrigerator and be drink straight out of the orange juice bottle . cheryl hold on a moment , please . she cover the mouthpiece of the phone . cheryl ( cont 'd ) hey , cut that out ! he take no notice . she put the phone down and move towards he . he close the fridge door and run . int . mark place . day 46 46 Mark be have a bed bath . his shoulder and neck be cover with soap sud . Rod be wash he back . the phone ring . MARK would you get it please ? rod sure . Rod ease Mark back onto the rubber mattress and go to answer the phone . rod ( cont 'd ) hullo , Mark o' brien 's phone . he switch it to speaker so Mark can hear . cheryl ( v.o . ) hi , this be Cheryl Cohen - greene . May I speak to Mark ? 29 . Rod hold the phone toward Mark like a question . Mark 's face look drain of blood . rod just one moment , please . Rod switch the phone off speaker . rod ( cont 'd ) what be I do here ? yes or no ? make up you mind . Mark hesitates , then nod weakly . Rod put the phone back on speaker . MARK hullo , this be Mark . cheryl ( v.o. ) hi , Mark . I be Cheryl . Laura call to introduce you . I understand you would like to meet . be that right ? Mark can hardly speak . he eventually force the sound from he throat . MARK uh , yes . cheryl ( v.o. ) I could see you on the seventeenth , at eleven o'clock . would that be any good for you ? MARK uh , yes , I think that would be fine for I . cheryl hey , where you from ? MARK Boston . you ? cheryl Salem . small world . MARK would not want to paint it . int . cheryl' kitchen . day 47 47 Cheryl be on the phone , hold the receiver with one hand while she put away grocery with the other . 29a . cheryl we will be talk for a while to begin with . then , if you agree , we can also start do some body awareness exercise in you first session . int . mark place . night 48 48 the iron lung pump away . Mark be alone . he stare at the picture of the virgin Mary . 30 . MARK Holy mother of God , what be " body awareness exercise " ? ext . STREET outside mark place . day 49 49 Vera let herself in . int . mark place . day 50 50 Vera hold up two shirt for Mark to see , a dark red and a light blue . vera which one ? Mark be lie on he side , shirtless . his face be even more grim than when we last see it . MARK do not matter . vera will you stop act as if you be go to you own execution . MARK I be not act . ext . carmen' driveway . day 51 51 Vera wheel Mark to he doom . vera try and think of something else . Baseball , for example . that 's what they usually tell boy to do . MARK who be " they " ? Vera ring the front doorbell . they wait . MARK ( cont 'd ) she 's forget . Vera say nothing . she ring the bell again . MARK ( cont 'd ) my God , she 's forget , or she 's get the date wrong . okay , we might as well turn round and go back . come on , let 's go . 30a . vera she have not forget . from inside the house , we hear the faint buzz of a electric wheelchair approach . the door open . Mark close he eye in despair . 52 omitted 52 31 . int . carmen' place . day 53 53 Vera ease Mark onto the bed , positioning he so that he can see the doorway . as a finish touch , she dab a little cologne behind he ear , then put the mouthpiece of he respirator within easy reach . carmen pick up she bag and wheel herself to the door . carmen okay , I be go . I will be back some time after one . if I be not here , just let yourselves out . vera bye . MARK ( weakly ) bye . carmen have fun . she let herself out . MARK what 's the time ? vera twelve after eleven . MARK I think there 's a strong possibility she 's have second thought . vera Mark , please calm down . MARK and if she do arrive , she would be perfectly within she rights to turn around and run . 32 . the doorbell ring . they stare at the door . Vera finally go over and open it . silhouett against the light be Cheryl with a substantial bag . she could be the avon lady . she have a light blouse , light skirt and she long hair be loose . cheryl hi , I be Cheryl . I be sorry I be late . vera no , that 's fine . come in . I be Vera , I be one of Mark 's helper . Cheryl see Mark . there be no noticeable reaction in she face , just a smile . cheryl hi , Mark o'brien . Mark clear he throat with a little difficulty . MARK hi , Cheryl Cohen greene . Vera be already at the front door . vera I will be back , say , in two hour ? cheryl yes , two hour , that would be perfect . she close the door behind she . Mark feel totally abandon . cheryl ( cont 'd ) so ... Mark blurt out . MARK you money 's on the dresser . Cheryl walk over to the dresser . when she back be turn , Mark screw up he face in self - disgust . she find a envelope . cheryl thank you . she put it in she bag . Mark eye she carefully . MARK that be the wrong way to start off . 33. cheryl yes , it be . shall we start again ? MARK please , you start . she sit down on the bed and look at he . it be a very frank stare . she be try to take a lot in . cheryl although the aim be for we to have sex , I be not a prostitute and you do not need to pay I up front . I have nothing against prostitute , but there 's a difference . we can talk about that later . MARK I be sorry . cheryl the other thing be , there be a limit to the number of session we can have together . do Laura mention that when you see she ? MARK I be sorry , I do not remember . cheryl the limit be six . but that give we plenty of opportunity to explore . now , I understand you be able to have a erection . MARK yes , but not out of choice . cheryl do you know how many man there be on this planet who would give anything for a natural erection ? she look around the room . cheryl ( cont 'd ) be this you place ? MARK no , it 's a friend 's . the only bedroom furniture I have at my place be a iron lung . I have sometimes think about buy a futon , in case the need arise . cheryl it 's worth think about . 34 . MARK I have get the space . it can be expensive though , a nice futon . I mean , how much do you think a good one would cost ? cheryl Mark , just take a deep breath , then let go . MARK do I seem anxious ? cheryl you do a little . Cheryl lie down beside he . cheryl ( cont 'd ) Laura tell I you be a poet . what 's it like to be a poet ? MARK it 's a way of live inside you own head , which be where I spend most of my time . cheryl but not today . by the way , I like you shirt . he smile , genuinely flatter . MARK thank you . cheryl so I need to ask you some basic question . okay ? MARK sure . cheryl what be the iron lung for ? MARK it keep I breathe . I can spend a few hour outside of it , with my portable respirator , depend on how I feel . but I work and sleep in the iron lung . 34a . cheryl how do you feel right now ? 35 . MARK out of my league . cheryl I mean you breathe . MARK oh ...fine . in fact , better than usual . cheryl that 's great . do you have any area of unusual sensitivity ? any part of you body you do not want I to touch ? MARK I have normal sensitivity all over . it 's just that my muscle do not work . you can touch I anywhere . cheryl shall we get undress then ? Mark be take by surprise by the suddenness of it . he hesitates momentarily . MARK sure . Cheryl start to unbutton he shirt . Mark 's terror be visible in he eye and she can also feel he heart palpitate . she start to slowly extract one of Mark 's arm from he shirt - sleeve . suddenly , he let out a pierce scream . MARK ( cont 'd ) ow ! ow ! stop ! it hurt ! she recoil , shocked . cheryl what 's wrong ? MARK Holy mother of God ! cheryl tell I what 's wrong . MARK my finger ! they be catch ! she discover that he finger have be snag in the fabric of the shirt and he finger be be bent backward . 36 . cheryl okay , okay , I have get it . do not worry . she carefully frees he finger and ease the sleeve off . MARK be careful , please . cheryl Mark , I be go to be really careful with you . I do not want to hurt or injure you in any way , but it 's really not sexy when you yell at I . okay ? MARK I will not yell at you any more . cheryl but you will tell I calmly the moment anything start to hurt ? MARK yes . cheryl now , let 's do the other arm . Little by little , she extract the other arm . he grimace he way through it , but more in fear than in pain . she finally set he shirt down on the end of the bed . cheryl ( cont 'd ) Nice shirt . MARK you already say that . cheryl do I ? I guess I be a little anxious , too . she undoe the top of he pants . cheryl ( cont 'd ) okay , I be go to slide this down . hold you breath . she pull . he scream , in fear more than pain . MARK shit , fuck ! no , do not do that ! 36a . int . bathroom . day 54 54 Cheryl sit down on the edge of the tub and take a couple of deep breath . 37 . int . carmen' place . day 55 55 Mark , he body now under the sheet , look towards the bathroom door . he can hear the sound of water run . he look at a wall clock and note the pass of time . int . bathroom . day 56 56 Cheryl turn off the tap . she have do a great job of pull herself together , and be wrap in a kimono , which she have bring herself . int . carmen' place . day 57 57 Cheryl emerge from the bathroom and start to undress . cheryl ready ? MARK no . Cheryl continue undress , Mark look away . cheryl okay , the difference between I and a prostitute be that I do not want you return business . I be here to help you communicate about you sexual feeling , so you can share they with a future partner . she stand there for a few moment , but he keep he eye avert . she turn back the sheet , get into bed beside he and he finally look at she . MARK whenever I be naked , everyone else in the room be usually dress . now that I be in bed with another naked person , I be very confuse . she stroke he hair . cheryl so , why be it confusing ? MARK I would always expect that God , or my parent , would intervene to keep this moment from happen . she slide she hand down . she can feel he heart thumping . 37a . cheryl Mark , close you eye and focus on you sense of touch . he close he eye . cheryl ( cont 'd ) I would like you to tell I how it feel each time I touch a different part of you body . if something feel good , tell I . if something feel ticklish or bother you , let I know . I do not want you to tolerate anything . I be go to start with the top of you head ... she stroke he hair . cheryl ( cont 'd ) you have soft hair . it 's nice to the touch . so you like it ? MARK I do . she move she finger round behind he ear , then the front of he ear . MARK ( cont 'd ) that feel weird . cheryl weird good ? or weird bad ? MARK just weird . she move she hand down he neck . MARK ( cont 'd ) good . his shoulder . cheryl still good ? MARK everything good so far , except the ear . she move she finger along he side , very , very lightly . for Mark , so far , this be the best . 37b . MARK ( cont 'd ) be this the body awareness exercise ? 38 . cheryl you be clever to have work that out . her hand massage they way down he torso . Mark 's reaction be a little like shock wave . MARK people tell I I be very perceptive . cheryl would you like to see what I feel like ? she carefully take he hand and caress the finger around one of she breast , then put he hand back . Cheryl 's hand move further down he body . cheryl ( cont 'd ) be you wear cologne ? MARK yes . cheryl mmm , my favorite brand . okay , I be go to move my hand along you stomach ... and down to you pen ... the expression on Mark 's face change to one of shock , then agony , then ecstasy . MARK oh , oh . 58 omitted 58 int . carmen' place . day 59 59 the clock on the mantelpiece say 12:48 . Cheryl be now fully dress . she snap open she briefcase , take out a diary with a pen attach , then walk over to the bed , sit down beside Mark and flip through the page . cheryl next week , Friday the twentieth , same time ? MARK that 's good for I . 39 . cheryl next time we will start to work on intercourse . she gather she thing together and get up . cheryl ( cont 'd ) be you afraid at the think of see I ? MARK I be terrify . cheryl you can be proud of yourself . you do great . we have make real progress . MARK can I ask you something ? cheryl of course . what would you like to ask ? MARK anything , really . tell I something about yourself . anything . cheryl sure . I be a very private person . I have a private life , I do need you to be aware of that , but that 's about it . this therapy be about you . there be a discreet knock at the front door and then a key turn in the lock . a few moment later , carmen and Vera come in . MARK welcome back . cheryl perfect timing . carmen I hope you guy keep the noise down . ext . STREET near carmen 's. day 60 60 Vera wheel Mark back the way they come . she be very discreet and they travel in silence for a while . finally , curiosity overcome she . 40 . vera how do you feel ? MARK cleansed and victorious . vera do not get any better than that . MARK tell I about you first sexual experience . vera let I think . it be not all that pleasant . I mean , it be consensual and everything , and I really be in love with the guy , but he dick seem enormous to I , I do not think it would fit . it be scary . but he be nice . I guess he could not help it . MARK be he chinese ? vera be you kid ? I only hang out with white guy at high school . MARK why be that ? vera I do not know . to stick it to my mum and dad , I suppose . MARK be they happy now you have get a chinese boyfriend ? vera they be happy . I be happy . MARK what 's he dick like ? vera perfect size . MARK why do you call it a dick instead of a penis ? 41 . vera penis sound like some vegetable you do not want to eat . Dick sound like what it be . they continue in silence for a little while . MARK the thing be , it be all over so damn quickly . vera yes , tell I about it . ext . cheryl' place . night 61 61 Cheryl 's car be park outside . the house be mostly dark . int . cheryl' place . night 62 62 Cheryl be at a tiny desk , dictating into a recorder . cheryl first session . Mark be the oldest of four child and raise Catholic . he be extremely nervous . he yell a lot when I take off he shirt , but I think more out of fear than pain . he can not masturbate . have only have the occasional kissing experience . he be capable of achieve a erection easily , but the unusual curvature of he body could be a serious obstacle to intercourse . she put the recorder away in a file drawer and lock the drawer with a key , which she keep with she . int . cheryl' bedroom . night 63 63 Cheryl get into bed beside she husband josh , who be apparently asleep . cheryl this gentleman I just start work with . he spend most of he life trap in a big metal box . her husband josh turn over and mumble something completely incomprehensible . she nudge he . cheryl ( cont 'd ) do you hear what I say ? 42 . josh yes , I hear what you say . you be a saint . he kiss she . cheryl do not forget to put the trash out in the morning . she turn around and go to sleep . int . side chapel . day 64 64 Mark be in the little side chapel with Father Brendan . MARK I do not know what I have envisaged it would be like , the first time I mean . but that be not the image I have . I think there would be more to it . not that it be unpleasant . after all , I be in bed with a naked woman . she compliment I on my shirt and my hair . she hold my penis . I have not even see my penis for over thirty year . anyway , onward . be I share too much ? father brendan no , I be use to it . int . mark place . night 65 65 Mark be in he iron lung . with he mouth stick , he turn the page of one of that anatomical instruction book on sex . there be the typical graphic cross-section diagram of penise enter vaginas . ravel 's " bolero " play quietly in the background as he read to himself . MARK " sometimes the head of the penis may be too large to penetrate the vaginal open smoothly , in which case the application of lubricant be recommend to avoid possible ... " oh , my God ! ext . STREET outside mark place . day 66 66 this time Rod be wheeling Mark . he seem only slightly less anxious than the first time , but still noticeably anxious . rod what 's on the menu today ? 43. MARK we be attempt intercourse . rod uh-huh . that 's a big one . MARK what do you think of it ? intercourse . rod overrate , but necessary . there 's plenty of other way of achieve the same result , but somehow you do not feel you have actually do it till you have go all the way in . this do not help Mark 's state of mind . 67 omitted 67 int . carmen' place . day 68 68 Cheryl take off she clothes . cheryl I want you to look at I this time . go on , lift you eye , look at I . he lift he eye . she pause . cheryl ( cont 'd ) do you like watch I undress ? MARK I do . as she move towards the bed , almost naked , the last thing she take off be she bra . cheryl from now on ... she pull back the bed cover and get into bed with Mark . cheryl ( cont 'd ) you be go to start to understand the signal from you body ... they body touch . he look blissful . cheryl ( cont 'd ) ... and learn how to control ... then suddenly ... 43a . MARK oh God ! oh God ! Mark 's expression of bliss turn to one of anger and frustration . 44 . MARK ( cont 'd ) damn ! shit ! int . side chapel . day 69 69 Mark be in the side chapel with Father Brendan . MARK I do it again . this time , I ejaculate on she thigh . Father Brendan wince . MARK ( cont 'd ) I feel curse , that the whole enterprise be curse . it seem like a totally just punishment . God be not actually deny my sexuality . he be merely point out to I how useless it be . father brendan it 's amazing to I how often God be bring into the sex act . I understand that even amongst non - believer , the most common expression of sexual ecstasy be " oh , God ! " 70 omitted 70 71 omitted 71 int . carmen' place . day 72 72 Cheryl return from the bathroom and slide back into bed . cheryl okay , I do not want to hear any more about God cursing you . I want the credit . it be my overpower beauty that do it . it take you by surprise . now , where be we ? MARK what do you mean , where be we ? cheryl I be go to touch you ... I be touch you ... and when we both feel you be arouse , then I be go to guide you into my vagina . MARK be there anything I need to do ? 45 . cheryl Close you eye , feel you body , that 's all you need to do . Mark close he eye . in he mind 's eye , he see the saintly figure in the beautiful stain glass window of the church with the afternoon sun blaze through . a equally saintly , but naked amanda float towards he , she arm beckone . when he open he eye , Cheryl be straddle he , but in a lean Tower of Pisa sort of way . it be a struggle for she , but somehow she be manage to get Mark into a workable position for intercourse . suddenly , he panic . MARK it will not fit . it 's not go to fit . cheryl no , Mark , it will fit just fine . MARK no , it 's dangerous . it 's too big . cheryl it 's not too big . relax . MARK it will not fit . it will hurt . it 's too risky . cheryl please , stop this . I promise you , nothing bad will happen . now , let 's try again while you be still hard . she attempt to guide he in again . Mark grimace , make a strange noise . we realize that he have just ejaculate again involuntarily . MARK shit ! int . bathroom . day 73 73 Cheryl step out of the shower . int . carmen' place . day 74 74 Cheryl get into bed . MARK I be really sorry . 46 . cheryl stop be sorry . and stop read that stupid sex manual . she snuggle up beside Mark . cheryl ( cont 'd ) we still have some time . we can talk , which you seem to like , or you can suck on my nipple , which you also seem to like . or , which one would you like to do first ? gradually , Mark be reassure . ext . cheryl' place . night 75 75 Cheryl 's volvo be park in its usual spot out front . there be one light on in the house . int . cheryl' place . night 76 76 Cheryl be at she desk , dictating she note . she also have a notepad with some jotting . cheryl Mark seem to be at he most relaxed when I suck he penis . at the moment he be fixate on penis - vagina and he anxiety be focus around that . the root of he anxiety be he parent and he religion . he believe he do not deserve sex . he believe he be responsible for he little sister 's death at the age of seven , because he mother be too busy look after he . int . laura' office . day 77 77 a copy of Cheryl 's note come through on Laura 's fax machine . we hear she familiar limp as she come over to collect they . she read the note with interest . cheryl ( v.o. ) we discuss he fantasy . they be mostly masochistic . ( more ) 47 . cheryl ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) again , the idea of be punish . he have never see female genital before and seem quite frighten by the idea . int . side chapel . day 78 78 Mark and Father Brendan be in the little chapel . MARK I be sorry to lay all this on you , Father . my worry now be that it 's never go to happen . I be never go to have intercourse with Cheryl , or any other woman . maybe intercourse would prove I be a adult . maybe I do not want to cross that line . maybe this be a bad idea . father brendan do you want to know what I think ? MARK please . father brendan I would forget the psychobabble . I grow up on a farm . it even take the animal a few time to get it right . can I suggest you try and enjoy it more ? do not worry about the technical stuff . you be a poet . be romantic . ext . clothing store . day 79 79 Vera wheel Mark and he gurney to a rack in front of the store . she take shirt and model they for Mark . he settles on a dare but beautiful silk shirt . a man in a pink unitard ride by on a unicycle . 80 omitted 80 int . mark place . day 81 81 Vera carefully do up the button on Mark 's new silk shirt . Mark look thoughtful . vera you nervous ? MARK only a little . 48 . vera would you like a shpritz ? MARK yes , of course I would . Vera get a bottle of cologne and give Mark a couple of burst behind the ear . MARK ( cont 'd ) I have a good feel about today , a very good feel . vera great . MARK I have a terrible feel it be never go to happen , but I think today 's the day . vera can I make a suggestion ? MARK please . vera stop think about it . 82 omitted 82 ext . carmen' driveway . day 83 83 Vera wheel Mark up to the front door . MARK you could not have wish for nicer weather . vera you be not listen , be you ? I say , stop think about it . MARK beautiful weather . she step up to ring the bell , then hesitates . there be something of a hubbub come from inside . both she and Mark can hear it clearly . 49 . int . carmen' place . day 84 84 the doorbell ring , amidst a loud background chatter . we reveal a roomful of women , gather for some intense group activity of some kind . carmen buzze she way to the front door in she wheelchair . she open it . she have a expression of horror . carmen oh , my God , I forget ! oh , Mark , I be so sorry . the entire roomful of woman stare at Mark and Vera . in the background we see Cheryl 's car pull up . ext . carmen' place . day 85 85 Cheryl , Mark and Vera be by the car . Mark look grim . vera she be very apologetic . they be all shaking they head . Cheryl have a think . cheryl look , it may not be exactly what we have in mind , but I notice there 's quite a nice motel just a couple of block from here . maybe it 's worth check out . int . motel reception . day 86 86 Mark and Cheryl wait outside while Vera go in . vera have you get anything on the ground floor ? the motel clerk be also chinese . he look at the rack of key . clerk I have get a single . vera how much ? clerk thirty - five plus tax . vera my boss be the gentleman in the gurney . ( more ) 50 . vera ( cont 'd ) he 's suppose to be have a therapy session right now , but the facility we normally use have a schedule mix-up . we only need the room for two hour . can you do it for twenty cash ? ext . motel . day 87 87 the clerk lead they to the room and open the door . clerk there 's a soda machine around the corner . MARK thanks . clerk and a ice machine , if you need it . MARK I be sure it will come in handy . int . motel room . day 88 88 Cheryl , Vera and the gurney enter the room . the clerk watch in the background . Cheryl and Vera lower Mark onto the bed . allow for the gurney , there be not a lot of space leave in the room . vera okay , I will see you . I have get a book to read . I will just hang around the reception if you need I . Vera leave . Mark look around . MARK very atmospheric . cheryl some people find motel exciting . MARK do you think I could be one of that people ? she sit on the bed and start to undo he shirt . cheryl another nice shirt . MARK as in racy and sophisticated ? 51 . cheryl you take the word right out of my mouth . int . motel reception . day 89 89 Vera be have coffee with the clerk . clerk what 's wrong with you boss ? vera basically , he can only move he head . clerk so what sort of therapy be they do ? vera they be have sex . clerk you be bullshit I . vera okay , I be bullshit you . clerk no , tell I for real , what be they actually do ? vera well , today , after some appropriate foreplay , they be go to try to achieve full penetration . the clerk stare at she . int . motel room . day 90 90 we see Cheryl from the breast up . we hear violent cough from down below . MARK ( v.o. ) I be choke Cheryl move away . we realize she have be perch astride he face , more or less . the cough continue . Mark look a bit panicked . MARK the mouth-piece . 52 . Cheryl locate the mouth - piece to he oxygen supply and put it between he lip . after a few breath he be relatively relaxed . she lie down beside he . cheryl I guess that one 's off the menu until further notice . Mark finally let go of the mouth -piece . he look melancholy . she do not fail to notice . cheryl ( cont 'd ) come on , lighten up , will you . Mark smile . he seem to be lose in some memory . MARK pony girl , pony girl , wo not you be my pony girl ? he look at Cheryl . MARK ( cont 'd ) that be what my father use to sing to my little sister , karin . that be before she die . she be kind of a sad little girl . it do not do much good . I be really sorry that the last time I see she , I fight with she . I make she cry . Mark 's eye begin to look teary . MARK ( cont 'd ) my parent could have leave I in the nursing home , you know . they find out the average life expectancy for polio in nursing home be 18 month . so they take I home . they give I a life . Cheryl prop herself up on one elbow . cheryl Mark , I be just go to go the bathroom for a quick pee . when I come back , we be go to achieve full penetration . but before I go , I want you to close you eye . MARK be this a game ? cheryl no , it 's not a game . just do as I say . Close you eye . 53. he close he eye . cheryl ( cont 'd ) picture yourself as a six year old boy at the beach . can you do that ? MARK yes , very easily . ext . beach . day 91 91 the scene have a hazy , dreamlike reality . we see the six - year old Mark , able-body and full of energy , run and play in the sand with he dog . int . motel room . day 92 92 cheryl describe some of you feeling . MARK I feel very exhilated , run next to the Atlantic Ocean , feel the wind and the wet sand between my toe . cheryl do you really feel like he ? MARK yes , I really feel like he . cheryl but can you really picture he ? MARK I do not understand what you mean . I say I can feel like he . of course I can picture he . cheryl from the outside , I mean , as a adult , as you be now , look at he with he crew cut and he little face ? MARK yes . cheryl and be you mad at he ? do you blame he for get polio ? be it he fault ? 53a . Cheryl get up and go to the bathroom . Mark be obviously affect by she question . 54 . int . side chapel . day 93 93 Mark have a faraway look . MARK she either forget to close the bathroom door , or do not bother to close it . Mark pause as he hear some distant footstep . Father Brendan look over he shoulder . they finally pass . Mark continue . MARK ( cont 'd ) I find the sound of she pee incredibly erotic , and the sound of she tear off toilet paper incredibly intimate . by the time she come back I have a terrific boner . int . motel room . day 94 94 Cheryl get herself into position on top of Mark . cheryl I be go to rub the tip of you cock around my vulva . when it 's ready , I will guide you in . breathe slowly and think of something delicious . Mark think . through he mind 's eye , we see a succession of image . fingertip stroking a cat 's fur . in the background , the sound of tom-tom . a tribal initiation rite . drum , dance , trances . then ravel 's " bolero " . clint eastwood say " make my day " . suddenly , and with a big yell , Mark come . MARK aahh ! int . motel reception . day 95 95 Vera be still there , read she book . the clerk look at he watch . clerk they have be in there a long time . vera yes , some people can do that . he do not get it . 55 . clerk do you want another coffee ? vera no thanks . clerk do you live with you parent ? vera no . clerk you at Berkeley ? vera uh-huh . clerk do what ? vera Architecture . clerk you have a boyfriend ? vera yes . do you ? int . motel room . day 96 96 Mark and Cheryl be lie together . he have he eye close . there be something on she mind . cheryl you awake ? 56 . MARK uh-huh . cheryl to answer you earlier question , I grow up in Salem , bring up Catholic , like you , but the church do not appreciate my attitude towards sex . MARK you have a attitude towards sex ? cheryl yes , I like it . they like to think they throw I out , but I throw they out . so for year I do not believe in anything , and now I be convert to Judaism . MARK I guess it 's good to have some kind of insurance . cheryl I do not think of that . MARK then why be you do it ? cheryl my husband ask I to do it before he grandmother die . the idea be , if it make she happy and he happy , then it will do the same for I . we son be neutral on the subject , but theoretically , if it look like it make I happy , it will make he happy too . that 's the way my husband 's family talk , and think . the fact that I be happy already , do not seem to be relevant . MARK what 's you son 's name ? cheryl tony . he 's 14 year - old and very smart . you would like he . Cheryl and Mark lie together in content silence for a while . MARK do he know what you do ? 56A . cheryl he know I be a sex therapist . there 's a certificate on the wall . but he have not have sex yet . so ... how much can he really know ? he 's not a boy , he 's not a man . MARK how much do you want he to know ? cheryl well , I want he to have some idea in he head . I hope it 's a nice one . 57 . MARK what do you husband do ? cheryl he 's a philosopher . MARK wow ! you mean , like , at a university ? cheryl no , in he own mind . he run the house , play guitar , think a lot . she notice the time . cheryl ( cont 'd ) it 's kind of late . she get up and start to get dress . cheryl ( cont 'd ) hey , we do really good stuff today . you be fantastic . you be a fully fledge male homo sapien endow with a handsome and substantial penis which now have a prove track record . you should be pleased . MARK be I really inside you ? cheryl you be really and truly inside I . MARK for how long ? cheryl five or six second . MARK be that all ? cheryl that 's a long time for some people . you be pretty excited . I do not know what you be think about . MARK I be sorry , I could not tell one thing from another . it be all a jumble of sensation . 58 . cheryl well , you definitely achieve penetration . it be penis-vagina all the way . and you definitely get a a for orgasm . she be ready to go . she come over to Mark and kiss he on the cheek . MARK do you come ? cheryl no , Mark , I do not . MARK can we try for that next time ? she hesitates for a moment . cheryl if that 's what you want . MARK yes , that 's what I want . cheryl okay then . int . laura' office . day 97 97 Laura be on the phone to Cheryl . LAURA how 's it go ? int . cheryl' place . day 98 98 Cheryl be at she desk . cheryl he read too many book . he have it in he head that after meeting three time , we should be able to have penetrative sex which result in simultaneous orgasm . boom ! just like that . int . laura' office . day 99 99 LAURA that 's very funny . 59 . int . cheryl' place . day 100 100 cheryl I guess . yes , it be . LAURA ( v.o. ) what do you think of he ? Cheryl think . int . laura' office . day 101 101 LAURA I say , what do you think of he ? cheryl ( v.o. ) I like he . ext . STREET outside mark place . night 102 102 Father Brendan approach and arrive at the front door . he ring . Rod let he in . int . mark place . night 103 103 Mark be in he iron lung . Father Brendan , wear civilian clothes , come in with a 6 pack of beer . father brendan I be in the neighborhood . how be you ? MARK still exhaust . father brendan so , on reflection , be you ... fulfil ? MARK it be okay . I like some of the other thing just as much , or better , but I be glad it 's behind I . father brendan well , so be i. congratulation . 60 . MARK when this be all over , I be go to write a article about it . after all , sex sell . seriously . father brendan so you be really do this for the money . MARK absolutely . father brendan well , that make I feel much better about the whole thing . can I ask what she 's like ? Cheryl . you have never really say anything about she . MARK she 's the most wonderful person on the planet . I be glad we finally have intercourse , because now I realize that everything I do with she feel just great . ext . cheryl' place . night 104 104 as usual , Cheryl 's car be out front . 105 omitted 105 int . bedroom . night 106 106 Cheryl crawl into bed beside josh . she lie there with she eye wide open , unable to sleep , she mind full of thought . although she have not yet notice , josh be also awake . josh what 's on you mind ? cheryl oh , nothing . josh do not believe you . cheryl okay , I have be think about the whole conversion thing . 61 . josh still do not believe you . cheryl then , whatever it be , I guess I be not in the mood for talk . josh what sort of mood be you in ? cheryl another sort of mood . they get into the business . int . mark place . day 107 107 Mark be also awake , stare at nothing , he mind full of thought . as a distraction , he eventually turn and look at the picture of the virgin Mary . MARK so , what do you think ? int . cheryl' place . day 108 108 the phone ring . we hear footstep approach . Cheryl answer it . cheryl hullo , this be Cheryl . she smile . cheryl ( cont 'd ) Mark ? int . mark place . day 109 109 Mark be in he iron lung . MARK can we meet somewhere for a coffee ? somewhere nice . my treat . int . cheryl' place . day 110 110 cheryl I do not normally meet with client outside of work hour , you know that . 61a . int . mark place . day 111 111 MARK how could you possibly describe anything to do with I as normal ? int . cheryl' place . day 112 112 MARK ( v.o. ) we do not have to talk about business . 62 . Cheryl smile . ext . cafe . day 113 113 a waiter approach Cheryl and Mark with two beautifully make cup of coffee . one of they have a straw accompany it . he set they down . Mark look up at the waiter . MARK could you put my cup right on the edge of the table there , and stick the straw in my mouth , please ? waiter sure . the waiter do exactly as ask . waiter ( cont 'd ) be that okay ? MARK perfect . waiter Sir , I would wait a couple of minute . that coffee be pretty hot . MARK thanks . waiter you be welcome . the waiter leave . Mark and Cheryl look at each other . cheryl so , what shall we talk about ? MARK we do not have to do much talk . Cheryl smile at he . she be look gorgeous today . cheryl then why be we here ? MARK I just want to be see with you in public . I find that as sexy as anything we have do so far . he sip on he coffee and soak she in with he eye . 62a . cheryl I be glad you enjoy look , after all . MARK I want people to say " who 's the guy with the blonde ? how do he get so lucky ? " cheryl or so rich . MARK okay , if some old girlfriend from school you have not see for year turn up suddenly , like right now , how would you introduce I ? as you boyfriend ? cheryl no , as my husband . why not go all the way . MARK really ? cheryl do that shock you ? MARK yes . cheryl then I guess it would shock she as well . MARK who ? cheryl my old school friend that 's go to come along any moment . MARK you really can picture I as husband material ? cheryl as long as we be pretend , sure . MARK would you write down you address for I , please ? 62b . 113a omitted 113a 63. ext . cheryl' place . day 114 114 josh walk unhurriedly to the letter box at the front gate and collect the mail . as he flip through the envelope , he stop at one which be address to Cheryl , sniff it , then open it . it contain a sheet of paper on which be type what seem to be a poem . he read it with interest , which develop into mild shock . int . cheryl' place . day 115 115 Cheryl and josh be in the kitchen , argue . josh you say yourself , it 's not suppose to get personal . cheryl that 's another thing altogether . what I want to know be where do you get off open my mail ? josh it be scent . I assume it be just junk mail . cheryl even less reason to open it . where be it ? give it to I . josh you be not get it . cheryl this be absolutely none of you fuck business . josh you be still not get it . I throw it out . cheryl you do not . josh I fuck do . tony arrive home from school . as he come in , he parent fall silent . he realize he have walk in on a argument . he look at both of they . 64 . tony what 's up ? a little later . the three of they be sit round the dining table eat dinner in total silence . the hostility between Cheryl and josh be palpable . when josh finally do speak , he address tony . josh would you please ask you mother to pass the salt ? tony Cheryl , would you please pass the salt ? Cheryl glare at tony and go on with she meal . int . cheryl' place . night 116 116 Cheryl be at the dining table , with she recorder and file in front of she , plus a late - night snack . cheryl Mark appear to be indulge in typical transference behaviour . this be not unusual after first successful intercourse , but I think he be especially susceptible . he can not help see I as the multi- functional , all - purpose woman , mother , sister , schoolmistress , whore , lover and best friend . at the same time , he anxiety about sexual performance have diminish . int . bedroom . night 117 117 josh crawl into bed with Cheryl . she be still awake . he snuggle up to she . josh I be sorry . I really upset you before . cheryl no , you do not . I be fine . josh you sure ? cheryl yes , I promise . josh really ? 64a . cheryl yes , I have come around to you point of view . you be right . you be generally right about this thing . josh it be quite a nice poem . I mean , nothing astounding , but heartfelt , at least . cheryl josh , I need to go to sleep . everything 's good . josh okay . good night . they kiss . 65 . int . cheryl' place . night 118 118 Cheryl rummages around in the kitchen garbage . she find nothing . she storm off to the laundry , fling open a cupboard , poke around and come up with a flashlight . ext . cheryl' back yard . night 119 119 Cheryl make she way to the end of the yard . holding the flashlight between she tooth , she rummages around in the outdoor trash bin . finally , she find what she be look for . a envelope . she take the poem out of the envelope and read it . cheryl let I touch you with my word . for my hand lie limp as empty glove . she go over to the back step , sit down and continue read . she put it back in the envelope and walk back inside the house . she be visibly affect . 120 omitted 120 66 . 121 omitted 121 ext . STREET outside mark place . day 122 122 from behind , we see Vera wheeling Mark in he gurney . another female figure creep up beside Vera and whisper in she ear , all unbeknownst to Mark . the other female figure take over from Vera , who trail along , a few foot behind . Mark remain unaware . he have a new and different- look shirt , even more out there than the previous one ? MARK do you think she will like the shirt ? amanda I like it . do that count ? Mark can barely believe it . MARK amanda ? ext . park . day 123 123 they be stop at a park bench . Vera be hover in the background , out of earshot . MARK it 's be a while . amanda I know . I be sorry . I be go to Germany . I want to say goodbye to you before I leave . MARK why be you go to Germany ? amanda to study german . 67 . MARK for how long ? amanda one or two year maybe . but we should keep in touch . MARK but why go to Germany ? it 's the only place in the world where humor be actually forbidden . she laugh , then smile quietly , then touch he . amanda you could always make I laugh . I love you , Mark . I really do . Mark 's face be a picture of anguish and confusion . MARK really ? int . side chapel . day 124 124 MARK yes , I love you , but not in that way . I love you , but I be not in love with you . blah , blah , blah . you know how it go . Mark let out a deep , meaningful sigh . for a time , he and Father Brendan maintain a respectful silence . ext . park . day 125 125 amanda I think it 's great what you be do with this surrogate lady . she lean over and kiss Mark on the lip . MARK it could have be you . amanda it could have be , but it be not . int . side chapel . day 126 126 MARK I have this faint hope that she would show the merest hint of jealousy . it show you how nave I be . ( more ) 68 . MARK ( cont 'd ) the fact that I be no longer a virgin , that I be a `made man ' , so to speak , make no difference to she at all . ext . motel . day 127 127 Cheryl 's car be in the parking lot . we see she draw the blind . int . motel reception . day 128 128 clerk take two beer from a mini-bar and hand one to Vera . vera thanks . clerk you want to go out some time ? vera no , I do not think so . clerk what , you boyfriend ? vera no . clerk you parent ? vera no , I be busy , that 's all . what 's wrong with this , anyway ? we be have a nice time , be not we ? clerk it 's okay . vera or do you have thing to do ? I can go for a walk if you be busy and come back later . clerk no , no , stay . be this go to be a regular thing ? vera what ? clerk the therapy . 69 . vera I do not know . I be not the therapist . clerk what sort of a therapist be she , really ? vera I tell you the first time , she 's a sex therapist . the clerk look at she closely . she appear to have a completely straight face . vera ( cont 'd ) today they be work on simultaneous orgasm . clerk what 's that ? int . motel room . day 129 129 Mark and Cheryl be in bed , they face close . MARK Boy , be I glad to see you . cheryl do not you say that to all the girl ? MARK yes , but I always mean it . they kiss . then Cheryl 's head slide down and disappear from view . cheryl ( v.o. ) remember about the breathe . concentrate on breathe out rather than in . think of anything neutral . Sky , water , tree , ship , music , nothing too dramatic . Mark close he eye . int . side chapel . day 130 130 MARK the first time , I really do not know what be go on . technically it all happen , but nothing really happen in my head . ( more ) 70-71 . MARK ( cont 'd ) this time it do , and my head have never experience anything like it before . of course , I ignore Cheryl 's advice about have neutral thought . int . somewhere . night 131 131 amanda be give Mark a pole dance demonstration , complete with disco beat and mirror- ball lighting . 132 omitted 132 int . motel room . day 133 133 Mark open he eye and look up at Cheryl . she seem divine . his excitement increase . we hear the change in he breathe . also in she breathe . int . side chapel . day 134 134 the expression of elation on Mark 's face morph dramatically into something else . MARK then afterwards , there be this moment , this glimpse of a awful sadness to come . Father Brendan close he eye and nod knowingly . 135 omitted 135 136 omitted 136 72 . ext . cheryl' place . night 137 137 the volvo be park out front . the envelope be still on the dash . 73. int . cheryl' place . night 138 138 Cheryl be dictating . cheryl Mark achieve a erection as soon as I start to suck on he . he do the control breathe , as I have suggest , and I be able to get on top and guide he in quite easily . int . motel room . day 139 139 we see Mark 's face from Cheryl 's Pov . his eye be still close . MARK be it in ? be it really in ? cheryl yes , it 's really in . we hear Mark 's thought . MARK ( v.0 . ) I could not believe it . we hear the sound of type . int . mark place . day 140 140 Mark be in he iron lung , type . at the top of the page , we can see the title of the piece : " on see a sex surrogate " page 8. MARK ( v.o. ) I be finally there . too soon , I come . but she keep hold I inside she . then a look of pleasure brush lightly over she face ... int . motel room . day 141 141 we see Cheryl 's face from Mark 's Pov . it be as beatific as we have ever see it . MARK ( v.o. ) ... as though a all - day itch be finally be scratch . letting I go , she put she hand down on the bed by my shoulder and kiss my chest . this act of affection move I deeply . 74 . Cheryl 's action follow Mark 's description . int . side chapel . day 142 142 Mark be with Father Brendan . MARK I almost wept . no - one have ever kiss I there before . it be so unexpected and so natural . int . motel room . day 143 143 Cheryl 's lip move away from Mark 's chest . she kiss he on the lip , light and linger . as soon as there be enough space between they , he whisper to she . MARK I love you . she whisper back . cheryl I love you , too . MARK do you come ? cheryl yes . int . cheryl' place . night 144 144 Cheryl continue dictating . cheryl Mark be breathe well and learn to pace himself . there be no real physical impediment to a variety of sexual activity , give the right sort of partner . his deeper emotional need be outside the scope of my potential involvement . Cheryl pause , then go on . cheryl ( cont 'd ) as anticipate , this be the final session . tony appear . he seem to have some understanding of what be go on . he and Cheryl hug . int . motel room . day 145 145 they be still in the same intimate position . 75 . MARK what happen when ... cheryl what happen when what ? MARK when people become attach to each other . cheryl what people ? MARK just people . what 's the chemistry of it all ? when people be attract to each other . cheryl be you attract to I ? MARK we be just talk hypothetically . cheryl hypothetically , they write poem , they have sex . MARK and what happen next ? cheryl after poetry and sex ? nothing or everything . the rest be by negotiation , as it be . MARK what do you mean ? cheryl I mean , you can just leave it at love and attraction , or you can make thing complicated . as most people do . MARK have you ? cheryl oh , yes . 76 . 77 . int . motel reception . day 146 146 the clerk look bored . Vera look at the time . she seem a little anxious . vera can I use that phone to call the room ? clerk sure . 78 . 147 omitted 147 148 omitted 148 int . motel room . day 149 149 the phone ring , Cheryl pick it up . later Cheryl , already dress , be get Mark dress . she do up every button of he shirt lovingly . cheryl what shall we do next time ? any request ? Mark do not answer . cheryl ( cont 'd ) Mark ? MARK I be think . she finish buttone he up in silence . a strange feel , a kind of chill that Cheryl sense , pervade the atmosphere . MARK ( cont 'd ) we have two session leave , be that correct ? cheryl that 's right . or ... MARK or , what ? cheryl or , we could stop now . MARK you mean , make this the last session ? cheryl yes . 79 . there be a pregnant pause . MARK what do you think we should do ? cheryl it 's not we , it 's you , Mark . it 's up to you . MARK I want to know how you feel . cheryl that do not come in to it . MARK yes , it do . I do not just write poem to anyone . cheryl Mark , what do you want I to say ? how much I be touch by that ? how special this have be to I ? be that go to help you ? no , it 's go to make thing worse . MARK you mean to say , come the sixth session that will be it ? cheryl yes , that will be it . I explain that the first time we meet . Mark have a serious and painful moment . cheryl ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . if it 's any consolation , it 's also hard for I to think about it . MARK then maybe we should pull the plug now . cheryl I think maybe we should . it 's only go to get harder . I guess you might as well save the money . maybe buy yourself a nice futon . a little later . 80 . Cheryl be get dress . Mark watch pensively . she pause and look at he . he keep a brave face . there be a knock on the door . cheryl ( cont 'd ) just a moment . she and Mark make eye contact for the last time . they manage to smile at each other . MARK ( v.o. ) I desperately want to feel that because of Cheryl , my life have change . but it have not . apart from she usual thing , she be also carry a long mirror . cheryl bye , Mark MARK ( v.o. ) bye . as Cheryl go out , Vera come in . vera everything all right ? cheryl he do great . see you . I be sorry , I have to run . vera see you . Vera walk in and close the door behind she . ext . motel room . day 150 150 Cheryl go to she car and open the trunk . as she be put the mirror inside , the chinese clerk , who be show a couple to they room , give she a odd look . Cheryl take no notice , get in she car and start the engine . just then , Vera run up and tap on she window . the window wind down . Vera hand Cheryl a envelope with money in it . at first , Cheryl just look at it , then realize what it be . vera you forget this . Cheryl smile . 81 . cheryl I know there be a reason I come here today . Vera wave goodbye as she go and Cheryl sit contemplate the envelope in she lap . then she toss it onto the dash and drive away . ext . STREET outside mark place . day 151 151 Vera wheel Mark home . they travel in silence . int . side chapel . day 152 152 Father Brendan and Mark be together in the chapel . MARK I feel I would just be through a ceremony that I do not know the meaning of . I keep think , be that all there be ? just a empty hole at the end of it ? a bigger hole than there be before ? father brendan I be sorry Mark , you can not always trust you feeling . you have achieve a great thing . it may take you a while to realize that . time pass . int . mark place . night 153 153 it be a moonlit night . on the opposite wall from the virgin Mary be a picture of amanda and Mark . Mark lie in he iron lung stare at it . MARK ( v.o. ) I write letter to amanda in Germany . five , six page long a year pass , Heard nothing . be it my fault ? of course it be . but the guilt be not enough to patch over the rage . I pound the inside of my mind with word , such puny fist , and nobody hear . 82. the poem end and we hear instead a radio broadcast of a Giants ' game . Mark be engross . suddenly the broadcast stop . the digital read - out on the clock radio , which say 12:57 , disappear . a street light , visible through the window , go out . the electric pump under Mark 's iron lung whirr to a halt . we hear the sound of air escape , then a eerie silence . even the cat be motionless . for a few moment , Mark seem hypnotize . then , he twist he head and clamp onto he mouth stick . he manoeuvre it over to the speaker button on the phone and manage to press it in the semi-darkness . we hear a dial tone . int . rod' bedroom . night 154 154 there be a answer machine on a bedside table . rod' voice hi , this be Rod . leave a message , or not . MARK ( v.o. ) Rod , it 's Mark . I need help . the power 's go out , include the pump on the iron lung . I would say I have get about three hour before I start to turn blue . I hope you get this in time . int . mark place . night 155 155 Mark wince in frustration . MARK okay ... nine-one-one . he swing the mouth stick over to the 9 button . as he press it , he lose he grip and the mouth stick fall to the floor . MARK ( cont 'd ) shit ! at first , he seem panicky , but after a few moment he begin to control he breathe and gradually psyches himself into a strange calm . MARK ( cont 'd ) so this be how it end . time pass . we see Mark from a high angle . more time pass . we see Mark 's face as he slip into unconsciousness . 83. int . mikvah ( jewish ritual bath -house ) . day 156 156 Cheryl enter the room wrap in a white , terry cloth robe . the room be dominate by a small , beautifully tile immersion pool with a hand rail and step . the mikvah lady get up from she chair and approach she . mikvah lady be this you first time ? cheryl yes , it be . I be convert . she take off she robe and hand it to the mikvah Lady , who do not fail to notice Cheryl 's body . mikvah lady so , what do you do ? Cheryl close she eye and think for a moment . cheryl I do not think you would understand . mikvah lady you can try I . cheryl okay . I be a housewife . mikvah lady why should not I understand ? cheryl I guess I be mistaken . Cheryl step towards the pool . mikvah lady I see you be very comfortable with be naked . she take hold of the rail and put she foot in the water . cheryl that have never be one of my problem . mikvah lady sometimes new bride come with they mother . do I have to take this off ? can I please leave this on ? they have never be naked before . no honey , it all have to come off . 84 . cheryl and it do ? Cheryl take another step into the water . mikvah lady and it do . they stand on the edge of that pool without anything to cling to but themselves . nothing to hide behind . this be you body . this be the body that God craft for you . Cheryl immerse herself up to she chest . mikvah lady ( cont 'd ) immerse completely . go completely under the water , without touch the wall or anything . she immerse completely . we see she under the water . she hear a voice in the distance , she own voice . at the same time , there be a look of elation in she eye . cheryl ( v.o. ) okay Mark , you can open you eye now . int . motel room . day 157 157 Mark be on the bed alone . he open he eye . cheryl ( v.o. ) this be you body . a few foot in front of Mark , Cheryl be hold a full - length mirror . the angle be such that he can see all of himself . he be mesmerize by he own image . flashes of light from the mirror flicker over he face . MARK ( v.o. ) so this be the body that someone be able to love . not quite as bad as I think . int . hospital corridor . day 158 158 overhead fluorescent light flash by , as we observe the ceiling from Mark 's point of view . we also hear the sound of rapidly roll rubber wheel , and a voice . voice Mark , can you hear I ? open you eye . 85 . int . hospital . day 159 159 Mark be in a regular hospital bed , with a temporary plastic cocoon over he in place of he iron lung . there be a volunteer call susan in the room with he . susan they will be let you go today . whoever look after you will leave the portable respirator switch on at night , fully charge , so you ' will have at least one back - up system . MARK how close be I ? susan to what ? MARK you know , to that tunnel thing and the light , and the voice say do not go near the light . susan be that what you remember ? MARK no . I assume I pass out . before that , I remember feel sorry for myself . susan do you feel relieved now ? MARK no . I mean , I be relieved that Rod get to I in time , but I still feel sorry for myself . susan I be sure there 's a cure for that . would you like to talk to someone ? MARK I feel comfortable talk to you . susan I be only a volunteer , not a therapist . I can refer you to someone if you like . Mark break into a broad smile , then a chuckle . 86 . MARK I be sorry , I do not mean to be rude . I be just smile at the idea that a therapist could do anything useful for I right now . my priest could not . susan be you religious ? MARK yes . I would find it absolutely intolerable not to be able to blame someone for all this . be you ? susan no , I do not go to any church and I do not think about God very much . but I believe there 's a mysterious logic , or poetry to life . I guess that make I a spiritual type . MARK yes , that would count . susan would you like I to visit you ? MARK be you marry ? susan no . MARK do you have a steady boyfriend ? susan no . MARK then please visit as often as you can . ext . hospital . day 160 160 she smile . Mark be load into a ambulance . susan bye . take care . MARK there 's just one more thing I want to tell you . 87 . she get into the ambulance and squat down next to he . MARK ( cont 'd ) I be not a virgin . she look genuinely pleased to hear it . susan so , be you in a relationship at the moment ? MARK no , it be a pass thing . the driver be ready to shut the door . susan thanks for share that with I . she get out of the ambulance and wave . int . ambulance . day 161 161 Mark be accompany by a ambulance officer . we see clear blue sky through the back window . the sun shine in and warm Mark 's face . he close he eye in contentment . ambulance officer Nice day , be not it ? MARK the best . ambulance officer good to be alive , huh ? ext . hospital . day 162 162 we see the disappear figure of Susan from the point of view of the depart ambulance . MARK ( v.o. ) I meet Susan five year before I die . she be the love of my life . we have the same priority , baseball pretty much come first , and we write each other mushy poem . I never expect it , nor do she , but that 's often the way thing turn out . int . mark place . day 163 163 Rod show Father Brendan into Mark 's room . 88. Father Brendan sit in a chair next to Mark 's iron lung . father brendan that be quite something . what do you propose to do for a encore ? MARK yep , I almost find out the big secret . but here I be , back with the live . if there be another place , then I think they take one look at I and decide to throw I back . father brendan and welcome back . MARK and thank you for come to visit . father brendan I know it 's be awhile since we talk about this ... about Cheryl . at the time , you seem to feel so badly about she ... or about it ? MARK I no longer feel like that . Father Brendan be rather take by surprise . father brendan oh ? that 's good to hear . in the end , you be glad that you do it ? MARK yes , I be . in fact , at this point in time , I feel very bless . father brendan bless ? MARK yes , bless . they put I on this new anti-depressant and now I can really see life from the cup half full rather than cup half empty point of view . Father Brendan look truly amaze . 89 . MARK ( cont 'd ) it take about six week to kick in , but when it do , you can really tell the difference . father brendan hey , that 's great . Mark grin . MARK I be pull you leg , Father . I be not on drug . I have a girlfriend . father brendan you be kid I . a real girlfriend ? MARK a very real girlfriend . she adore I . she will do anything for I . and I can get pretty kinky sometimes , believe you I . her name be Susan . father brendan I be flabbergasted . be she pretty ? MARK she sure be . father brendan have she get a sister ? MARK as a matter of fact ... father brendan I be kid . MARK no , you be not . anyway , we be start a publishing company together . Father Brendan smile and shake he head . father brendan here I be , all prepare to offer comfort to the forlorn - that 's suppose to be my specialty - and now I can just throw away that little speech . MARK no , no . please make the little speech . I would love to hear it . 89a . father brendan okay , but I will try and keep it short . MARK do not make it too short . father brendan okay , fine . here go . the meaning of love . Love be a journey . 90 . MARK I already like it . there be a pause . father brendan that 's it . that 's all of I have get . I tell you it 's short . Love be a journey . Mark laugh . 163a omitted 163a ext . mark place . night 164 164 Father Brendan let himself out and walk back the way he come . there be definitely a smile on he face . int . mark place . night 165 165 Mark also have a smile on he face as he lie awake . MARK ( v.o. ) actually , I be on drug , I be take anti-depressant and they be help a bit . at least I be able to see the cup -of- life metaphor as a useful tool . of course , the two halve be never even . not in my case , that 's for sure . look at all the year of unendurable crap I have have to put up with . that fill most of the cup . but in the little bit that 's leave , what do I have to show for myself ? journalism ? poetry ? at the very least , three beautiful woman who all love I and will all show up at my funeral . ext . cheryl' place . day 166 166 josh saunter out to the mail box . he retrieve the mail , sift through it and pause over a letter . he be tempt to open it , but think better of it . ext . cheryl' backyard . day 167 167 Cheryl be plant stuff in the back yard . josh approach she with the letter . josh it 's from a Susan fernbach . 90a . she take it and open it uncertainly , somehow anticipate its content . ext . church . day 168 168 a full - blow Catholic funeral be happen . meaningful hug be exchange . eye be dabbe . we hear Mark 's voice . MARK ( v.o. ) Three reason to live the mundane : o God , it be boring , but I do it get it out of the way the transcendent : we have this agreement -- God give I life for a while I give him gratitude for a while and it work out ok the curious : you know how every day be different ? I just want to see what would happen next int . church . day 169 169 Father Brendan deliver a eulogy . we see member of Mark 's family , all teary - eye . father brendan ( to MARK ) Mark , I know you be watch . I be sorry , my friend , but we have to do this . just bear with I , and I think you might like it . father brendan ( to the congregation ) ( cont 'd ) I have be branching out lately , read Native american storey about the character of the trickster . sometimes he show up as a coyote , sometimes as a raven , but he always do the unexpected . the trickster break the rule . Mark o' brien , whose life we be celebrate today , be very much the trickster -- anyone who know he know that . ( more ) 90b . father brendan ( to the congregation ) besides he irreverent humor and alarming honesty , he always do the unexpected . in nearly every aspect of he life , Mark do the unexpected . his be a dynamic voice in a paralyze body , a full life live long after he should have be dead . he graduate from college , write and publish article and poem , and -- against all odd , by he own admission -- enter into the fully human experience of physical love . in this way , Mark live from day to day to day , from breath to breath to breath , for 49 year . he love , and he be love and in he quiet voice , he speak loud truth . 91 . we see Rod , Vera and Laura the therapist in various row . also amanda , hold a toddler in she arm and sit next to a tall , boring - look husband . father brendan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Susan fernbach will now read one of Mark 's favorite poem . susan ( v.o. ) this be call Love poem for no one in particular . we see susan at the lectern , read from a book . susan let I touch you with my word . for my hand lie limp as empty glove . let my word stroke you hair , slide down you back and tickle you belly . for my hand , light and free-flying as brick , ignore my wish and stubbornly refuse to carry out my quietest desire . we see Cheryl , as deeply touch by the word as she be the first time . susan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) let my word enter you mind , bear torch . admit they willingly into you be so they may caress you gently within . int . mark place . night 170 170 in the middle of the room , moonlit , be Mark 's iron lung , empty and majestic , with the cat sit on top . as we move around the eerie capsule , we hear the sound of the french can - can slowly fade up . it continue over end credit .