" the jolson story " screenplay by Stephen longstreet adaptation by Harry chandlee & Andrew solt fade in : open title they roll up , sepia - tinted , as jolson sing " let I sing and i'm happy . " fade out . fade in : ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. STREET - day a quaint turn-of-the -century STREET with horse -drawn carriage and the capitol build in b.g . super : " WASHINGTON , D.C. at the turn of the century " dissolve to : ext . kernan' theater - day the marquee read : " kernan' burlesque . " below it hang a sign : " gordon & white's parisian night : 20 beautiful girl . " we hear the SOUND of the orchestra inside playing a upbeat number . tilt down to the busy sidewalk . dissolve to : int . kernan be - the stage - high angle from the balcony six girl sit on the stage , legs outstretched , in golden skirt as a seventh , with one leg raised to her shoulder , dance on one foot in front of they . closer angle from the balcony the girl behind her do a tumble and a traveler come down . the audience applaud . still closer - angle over the orchestra the orchestra plays a final chord , then the traveler rise again . pan left to where the spotlight wait . steve ( o.s. ) ( call ) hey , over here ! the stage - high angle from the balcony the spotlight swing to the right to illuminate steve martin , a crusty vaudeville veteran in a tuxedo and top hat . he hold a viola and plays a note . medium shot - steve steve Steve Martin 's the name . he play the note again . reverse angle - the balcony the patron laugh . sitting in the second row be asa yoelson and ann murray , each about 13 year old and childhood friend . the stage steve plays and dance to a russian song , kicking he feet out in front of he and do tumble . wider angle - over the orchestra he doe one last tumble , rise to he feet and throws he arm up . he left hand reach offstage , then return holding a cello instead of a viola . he doe a double - take and point to it with he bow . steve it grow ! the audience laugh again . Steve walk to center-stage . a chair slide out from the wing , stop right behind he . steve thank you ! medium shot - steve sit in the chair . steve tell ya what I will do . you call out a tune and I will play it . he look around . wider angle on the stage a man' voice call out from the audience : man' voice " stay in you own backyard ! " Steve it 's too dirty back there ! the audience laugh . Steve raise he hat , revealing that he bang be sewn into it . he put the hat back on . reverse angle - over steve at the audience steve any other tune ? a man rise . man " bank of the wabash ! " Steve begin to point at he with he right hand . onstage steve point at the man with the forefinger of he left hand , which also hold the bow . steve " bank of the wabash . " all right . now I will tell ya what I will do . I will play it if you folk will sing it . right ? ( gesture to the conductor ) the key of " C , " Professor . he put he bow to the cello and play a low " C . " then he start to play " bank of the wabash " with the orchestra , but no one sing . he look around disconcerted , tap the bow against the stage , stopping the orchestra , and hang a arm over he cello . steve so you will not sing , heh ? be I ask you to do I a favor ? ( point the bow at the audience I be do you a favor ! when you sing , what happen ? you lung get full of oxygen . it put rose on you cheek ! reverse angle - over steve at the audience steve as a matter of fact , you either sing out or you get out ! he point to the exit . the audience laugh . front angle on steve steve now that we understand each other ... ( point he bow at the conductor ) let 's go , professor . he start to play again . the orchestra join in but , again , no one in the audience sing , except ... in the balcony - asa and ann asa start to hum the song , then he sing it . onstage steve , amazed at the voice he's hearing , stop playing , rest he bow against the side of he cello , and look up at the balcony , just listening . in the balcony asa finishes the song . the audience applaud exuberantly . onstage steve applaud with they . in the balcony asa look around , impressed at the reaction . onstage steve Fine ! Fine ! stand up and let the folk see ya ! in the balcony asa shake he head , too shy for accolade . steve ( o.s. ) ah , do not be bashful ! come on , stand right up ! onstage steve wave he hand in the AIR , goading the audience to make asa rise . steve come on , folk . let 's make he stand up . the audience applaud loudly . in the balcony asa rise to he feet . steve ( o.s. ) attaboy ! angle over steve at the audience steve let 's have it again ! ( point he bow at asa ) give that boy a spotlight ! in the balcony a spotlight land on asa . he squint up at the glare . steve ( o.s. ) Professor , let 's have the chorus again ! the orchestra play the intro to " bank of the wabash . " onstage steve , sitting in he chair , wave he bow around as if conducting the intro . in the balcony asa sing the chorus again . ann look at he adoringly . he finishes with he arm outstretched . the audience erupt in applause . onstage steve applaud enthusiastically . in the balcony asa , almost embarrassed , sit down again . a patron behind he pat he shoulder . intercut - asa in balcony / steve on stage steve what 's you name ? asa asa yoelson . steve be you in show business ? asa ( look at Ann and smile shyly ) no , sir , I be not . Steve where would you learn to sing like that ? asa well , I sing with my father at the synagogue . Steve where ? asa at the synago -- ( catch himself ) the synagogue ! he suddenly look at Ann in a panic . medium shot - the balcony asa grab ann' hand and they run up the step . wider angle - over steve at balcony he call to they helplessly as they keep running ... steve hey , wait a minute ! ( jump to he foot ) sonny , wait a minute ! dissolve to : ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day asa run up a sidewalk holding he cap , ann running behind he . angle on the synagogue asa reach the front door but stop , hearing he father singing inside . he run to a back door . int . synagogue - long shot - same time asa' father , cantor mose yoelson ( known as " papa " ) , lead a boy chorus in a hebrew song . closer on the chorus asa enter through a back door wearing a prayer shawl and yarmulke and take he place among the other boy . intercut - the yoelson family during the song - medium close -up : papa look at asa sternly . - angle on asa ( over papa' shoulder ) : asa start singing harmony with he father . - in the gallery : mrs . yoelson ( known as " mama " ) look on . she look classically beautiful in a formal dress . she glance down at her prayer book . - asa continue singing harmony . - papa continue singing , conducting the other . - asa continue singing harmony . - angle over asa at papa : papa sing the final phrase . - angle over papa at asa : asa harmonize the ending with he . - close on asa : he sing the final note . dissolve to : int . yoelson apartment - live room - day asa sit on the arm of a chair . papa and mama look on . papa answer I , asa . where be you all that time ? closer on papa papa you come like someone who be run a race . it be not good to run a race with God , asa . asa remain sit on the arm of the chair as mama look at he . two - shot - asa and mama mama where be you , asa ? asa I be ... sing . angle on papa pan on he as he walk over to asa and mama . papa you mean you stay home , practice ? be that what you mean ? asa no. papa then where be you sing ? -- stop crack you knuckle . mama in the street maybe ? asa that 's not exactly where I sing . papa sing prayer in the street ! asa well , no , not exactly . papa exactly ? asa , you must have be exactly somewhere , sing exactly something , and for some exact reason . asa yes , papa . the doorbell ring . they all look over . mama go to answer the door . angle on the door mama open the door . steve enter , holding he hat in he hand . steve ( to mama ) my name be Martin and I ... ( look over and see asa ) ... I would like to talk to you for a minute . asa look up at papa and back at Steve , panicked . four-shot pan on steve as he walk over to asa . mama follows he . steve hello , asa. ( extend he hand to papa ) you be cantor yoelson . I be Steve Martin . papa ( shaking he hand ) how do you do ? Steve I be glad to know ya . you son have a real voice . papa oh , you be at the synagogue today for the service . Steve uh , I ? uh , no . I just go by there to find out where you live . papa well , then where do you hear my son sing ? Steve at kernan 's . mama kerna n 's ? Steve yeah , the burlesque house a few block from here . papa the burlesque theater ! Steve do not you ever go there ? papa no , I do not ! they all look at asa . steve that boy 's get a future in show business . you see , I have be look for something like he for a long time . I would like to make he a regular part of the act . you have get nothing to worry about . I be book solid for the season and I move on to Baltimore tonight . asa Baltimore ! Steve oh , I know he 's pretty young , but when a boy 's get a voice like that , he ought to let people hear it . papa you be right , mister Martin . asa will sing , but where he people have always sung . Steve I know how you feel , mister yoelson . it 's a beautiful thing to sing in church . but there 's a lot to say for the theater , too . and if you be worried about my take good care of he , why , I -- papa Excuse I , mister Martin . I think I know what 's best for my son . Steve ( look to mama then papa ) I be afraid that 's how you would feel about it . ( to asa ) sorry asa. ( to mama and papa ) good night . papa good night . pan on Steve as he walk to the door and let himself out . three - shot - papa , mama & asa papa walk up behind asa . pap asa ... ( he hold asa 's arm from behind ) ... I want you promise that you will never go to that place again . asa cannot , do not , say anything . mama walk up to he . mama asa ? asa I can not . I -- I can not promise . papa go to you room . asa walk off . dissolve to : int . asa' bedroom - night he pace the floor . suddenly he stop and look back at the door . he turn to he dresser , take some item from a drawer and put they in he pocket . then he grab a black cap and goe to the window . angle over asa' shoulder - ann' window asa doe a three - note whistle . ann walk to her window across from he ; she wear pajamas and hold a book . she smile at he . intercut - asa and ann asa Ann ! go downstairs and get a ladder ! put in here ! Ann why ? asa hurry up ! get the ladder ! Ann , puzzle , turn away , then asa turn away put on he cap . dissolve to : ext . WASHINGTON railroad yard - night asa , wearing he cap , run along the track . the capitol build loom in b.g . asa run across some track and jump onto the side of a moving freight train . pan on the train as it move off , to reveal a rounded sign that read " WASHINGTON yard limit . " dissolve to : ext . baltimore railroad yard - day angle on a rectangular sign that say " baltimore yard limit . " pan over to the train as it come to a halt . asa still cling to the outside of a railroad car . he jump down and brush himself off . dolly in as a railroad guard walk up to he from behind . the guard grab he arm and walk he away . dissolve to : ext . a sign - day the sign read : " ST . mary home for boy . " dissolve to : int . ST . mary - corridor - day a priest ( JOHN ) walk down the hall . following he be a irish policeman with a thick accent ( reilly ) and asa , whom reilly hold by the arm . asa hold he cap in he hand . pan on they as they pass a statue of jesus . asa what do you bring I here for ? why do not you let I find Steve Martin ? Reilly ( sniff ) shush ! what kind of car be that you jump out of ? asa a cattle car . what difference do that make ? Reilly all the difference in the world , my boy . int . father mcgee' office - day - same time father mcgee stand waiting for they , hand behind he back . reilly escort asa into the room ; JOHN stand by the door . reilly here 's another one , father . Reilly take he hat off , still hold asa 's arm , as John close the door . asa let I go , will ya ? mcgee yes , let he go , Reilly . ( Reilly oblige ) do not mind he . he just think he have to behave like a policeman . ( to Reilly ) and I do not think he understand boy . Reilly oh , no ? I have only get seven of them meself . mcgee that 's just what I mean . ( touch asa 's elbow ) now , suppose you tell I about yourself . asa sit in a chair . mcgee where be you from ? asa look down , say nothing . mcgee where be he pick up at ? Reilly in the freight yard . he come in on a cattle car . can not ya tell ? mcgee " tisk " at asa . mcgee if you know anything about freight train , you would never pick a cattle car . asa I have to get here . mcgee to Baltimore ? why ? Reilly he 's get a job here . mcgee what kind of job ? asa sing . mcgee sing ! where ? asa in a show with Steve Martin . he 's in Baltimore right now ! mcgee what about you family ? do they know about this ? asa look down again , not answer . mcgee , with JOHN beside he , look down at asa . mcgee I see . you know , before we do anything else , I think you would better have a hot bath . ( turn to John ) and something to eat , John . John come on , my boy . asa rise and face mcgee . asa why do not you find Steve Martin and ask he ? mcgee ( take asa 's elbow ) that 's just what I will do . mcgee turn asa toward John . dolly in on they . mcgee ( continue ) and since it 's sing he 's interested in , John , why not let he sing ? asa turn back in surprise . asa sing ? dissolve to : int . chapel - day close angle on asa stand amidst a boy' choir . he wear a pink stripe shirt , hold a lyric sheet and look around uncomfortably , listening to the other sing " ave maria " in latin . finally he join in . dolly back to show the entire choir . int . mcgee' office - same time mcgee stand lighting a cigar as steve sit across from he . the boy choir be heard in b.g . mcgee tell I a little more about you work in the theater , mister Martin . Steve I have tell you about all there be . ( rise ) pardon I , father . I do not get it . why would you be bring I here , ask I all this question ? be there something you want I to do ? mcgee I will come to the point in a little while , mister Martin . in the corridor - same time reilly lead mama and papa around a corner and down the hall . papa wear a black hat . he sees the statue of jesus . mama gesture to he . papa hesitantly remove he hat . int . mcgee' office - same time mcgee and steve stand waiting . from outside , reilly open the door and mama and papa enter . mcgee ( politely ) cantor yoelson ? I be Father mcgee . they shake hand . Reilly exit , close the door behind he . papa how do you do ? mcgee turn to mama and shake she hand . mcgee miss yoelson . Steve ( look over mcgee 's shoulder ) hello . glad to see ya again . mcgee oh , you know mister Martin ? papa we know he . mama be we boy here ? papa the description be like asa . mcgee I have a very strong feel that ... the sound of asa 's voice now come through sing above all the other . he sing in Latin . papa so have I ! mcgee lead they to the door to the chapel . closer angle mcgee open the door . dolly in behind they as they enter the chapel . the choir , in front of they , continue singing . there Pov - the choir asa , in the CENTER of the group , keep singing . four - shot - mama , papa , steve and mcgee mama step forward , concerned . mama asa ! there Pov - the choir keep singing . two - shot - mama and papa mama keep looking as papa look over her shoulder . papa ( shaking he head ) sing without he cap on ! two - shot - steve and mcgee mcgee give papa a kindly look . mcgee it 's not so much what 's on the head as what 's in the heart , be it , cantor ? mama and papa papa give mcgee a kindly look . close - up - asa he sing " amen , " looking idly around . suddenly he eye land on something -- he parent . four-shot mama , papa , mcgee and steve look on as asa and the choir sing the penultimate " amen . " angle on the choir the other boy sing the final " amen . " the choir director look back . mcgee signal to asa . asa step forward . the foursome asa approach they . asa hello , mama . hello , papa . beautiful song , be not it ? they all walk into mcgee 's office . dolly in after they . int . mcgee' office - same time dolly back as asa stop at mcgee' desk and sets the lyric sheet down . mcgee close the door . papa get ready , asa . we be go home . asa ( turn to face he ) I will do it again , papa . I will run away . I will find mister Martin someplace . Steve hold he hat out . steve now wait , asa ... medium close shot - steve he hat be at he side again . steve do not ya understand ? I would not have you in the act if I do not have you father 's consent . asa persist . asa then I will get in another act . I will keep run away . mama what be we go to do with he ? papa we will decide that at home . mama ( face papa ) maybe we should decide now , papa . ( to Steve ) you say you would take very good care of we boy ? asa look on in amazement . papa you would consider this foolishness ? mama I be only ask , papa . if asa be go to keep run away , I have a right to ask . mcgee I make inquiry about mister Martin , and he 's a man who can be trust . Steve oh , I be sorry I start all this trouble , cantor . and I would not have anything more to do with it -- except consider how asa feel about show business -- papa show business ! mama ( to Steve ) tell I , mister Martin . exactly what would asa do ? asa the same as I do at kernan' , mama . be not that what you mean , mister Martin ? Steve yes . asa sit in a chair . asa you see , mister Martin 's on the stage ... ( mime bow a cello ) ... and he ask everybody to sing , but nobody do , because everybody wait for somebody else to begin . now ... asa move into a chair . mcgee , Steve , mama and papa look on . asa ... I be up in the balcony , and mister Martin say , " come on , folk ! join in the chorus ! " Steve sit in the chair opposite he and gesture upwards . steve do not be bashful ! all together now ! asa and then , all of a sudden , I stand up in the balcony and start sing ! Steve ( o.s. ) I be dumbfounded at the kid 's voice and I say ... dissolve to : int . theater balcony - night asa stand in a gray suit with a gray hat in he hand . a spotlight move onto he . steve ( o.s. ) ... give that boy a spotlight ! asa sing " when you be sweet sixteen . " intercut - steve he sit in a chair onstage , playing he cello while asa sing , then leans back and fold he arm contentedly . when asa finishes , the audience applaud vigorously . asa smile back at the people behind he in the balcony . dissolve to : int . train compartment - moving - day asa , wearing a gray suit and cap , write on the back of a postcard . steve sit stoically beside he , arm fold . close shot - the postcard it read : " dear mama and papa , get lot of applause . next week Philadelphia , then Pittsburgh . feeling fine , you loving son , asa yoelson . " dissolve to : int . yoelson live room - day mama read the postcard aloud as papa stand , watching and smoking a cigarette , and ann linger in b.g. mama next week , Philadelphia , then Pittsburgh . feeling fine . you loving son , asa yoelson . ( look at papa ) he 's feel fine . mama turn to a bulletin board . nothing be post on it . dolly in as papa and ann follow her . mama pin the postcard onto the board . papa Philadelphia , Pittsburgh . Washington be to small for asa . dissolve to : the bulletin board be now cover with postcard . dolly in on a postcard that say , " view NORTH on MAIN STREET . " dissolve to : montage - asa' postcard pan across they as asa , he face superimposed , sing " after the ball . " mama and papa comment on each card in turn : - the first postcard be labele , " indianapolis . " mama ( o.s. ) indian-apolis . papa ( o.s. ) Indians ! he will come home scalp , yet ! - the next read , " kickabock , Iowa . " mama ( o.s. ) kickabock . be this in the United States , papa ? papa ( o.s. ) ach ! do not be foolish ! - the next read , " dubuque , Iowa . " mama ( o.s. ) doo-boo-kay , Iowa . papa ( o.s. ) oh , no . that 's pronounce " dih - Bik , " mama . Ann ( o.s. ) dih-byook ! mama ( o.s. ) anyway , in doo-boo -kay , he sing two encore . dissolve to : int . train compartment - moving - day asa and steve sit facing each other in train seat . steve hold a book ; asa hold a pencil and note - pad . steve now spell , uh , " tedious . " asa t-e-d-o -... Steve wait a minute . that 's wrong . try again . " tedious . " asa you would not know how to spell it if you do not have that book in front of you ! Steve ( glower back ) I be not learn , I be teach ! dissolve to : int . theater - balcony - night asa , in a dark gray jacket and tie , sing " by the light of the silvery moon , " clapping he hand together on the beat . when he get to the word " moon , " he sing it " moo -hoo -hoon . " onstage - steve be dancing while he hold he cello and twirl he bow on he finger . he suddenly doe a double - take . asa resume singing normally and steve regains he composure and start dancing and twirling he bow again . in the balcony when asa get to the line " we'll be cuddling soon , " he add a jazzy " uh - huh . " onstage - steve sitting in he chair now and playing the cello , hit a sour note . he look up at the balcony nonplussed . in the balcony asa finishes the song . the audience applaud . asa nods back to they happily . onstage steve look at he glowering . dissolve to : backstage - a corridor a very grumpy steve come down from the wing as dancing girl head onstage . at the same time , asa come down a staircase from the balcony holding a black cap . as asa pass steve , steve tap he shoulder with the bow . steve just a minute ! dolly back as they walk down some step and along the corridor . steve how come , all of a sudden , in the middle of the song you put in a " moo-moo ? " asa I think it would be a little better that way . Steve oh . you think it would be a little better . if the guy who write the song want to say " moo - moo , " he would write it that way . asa I just get tired of sing it the same way every time , mister Martin , so -- they arrive at they dress room door . Steve gesture with the bow . steve so you think up " moo-moo . " asa I do not think it . it just come out . Steve oh . it just come out . ( hold he bow out angrily ) well do not let it come out ! you sing that song just like it 's write and I do not want to hear no more " moo-moos . " Steve go into the dress room . asa yes , sir . Steve ( o.s. ) heh ! how do you like that ! in the dressing room - steve sets he cello against a wall . steve he get tired sing it the same way , so he put in ... ( make a face , roll he eye and snap he finger ) ... " moo , moo . " as if that make any difference ! he cross past asa to the door and hang up he coat . steve and another thing . you be sing it a little faster every night . ( into asa 's face ) be that because you be tired , too ? asa no , sir . that 's because you be play it too slow . Steve , take off the hat with fake bang , suddenly freeze . steve I be play it slow ? Excuse I ! I have only be in this business for thirty year -- make a very nice live . but maybe a old trooper like you oughta come down on the stage and have people -- asa oh , I have think about that . I mean , I could sing much better on the stage . Steve you do not tell I ! asa yes , because then I could sing right to them instead of the back of they head , and I could see how they face look . Steve face ? asa unless you can see the people 's face , it 's no good at all . Steve you do not say . and tell I , mister yoelson , with that spotlight shine right in you eye , how ya gonna see face ?! asa well , that 's easy . if you turn up all the light in the theater , then they can see I and I can see they . Steve start to mull it over , then do another double - take and glare at asa again . dissolve to : int . yoelson live room - day mama hold a postcard , looking at it excitedly . mama asa in long pants ! papa rise , smoking a cigarette , and look over she shoulder . there Pov - the postcard it picture asa wearing a checkered suit and trouser and holding a hat with he arm on a chair . dissolve to : int . theater - balcony - night asa , wearing the same suit , sing " goodbye my blue bell . " people behind he look on smiling . onstage steve dance , twirling he bow . in the balcony suddenly asa tries to hit a high note and he voice break . onstage steve stop dancing and look at he . in the balcony asa look back at the spectator , who laugh at he now . onstage steve beckon anxiously to he to continue . in the balcony asa tries again to sing but barely croak the word out . he hold he throat . more laughter from the crowd . in a panic , he look behind he , then suddenly he put he finger into he mouth and start to whistle -- a whistle as sharp and true as a musical instrument . onstage steve look up in awe , rise smiling and point he bow at asa . intercut asa continue whistling as steve dance merrily again . at the end of the song , both steve and the audience applaud wildly . asa run from the balcony . dissolve to : int . dressing room a dejected asa sit in a chair with steve looking on . steve you do not want to be in the act any more ? asa ( tear in he eye ) no , Steve . I be goin ' home . Steve ah , do not be silly . you voice be change , that 's all . in a couple of year you will get it back , better than ever . ( lean over to he ) and listen . the way you pull that whistle out of the hat , that 's showmanship ! do not you hear they applaud ? asa but it be not the same . Steve what be not the same ? the act 's just as good as it be before ! asa when you whistle , they face do not look the same . Steve ( throw he arm up ) yah , face again ! ( pace ) this kid will drive I crazy ! ( kneel beside asa ) listen . I do not say you be gonna whistle the rest of you life . just for a while . look. ( hold asa 's shoulder ) you know what we be gonna do ? we be gonna work up some whistling routine and you be gonna work on the stage with I ! what do ya think of that ? asa look at he like a ray of sunshine . steve and do ya know something else ? then you be gonna get billing ! yes , sir ! meet that scintillating team of artist , Steve Martin and asa yoelson ! ( he rise , think ) asa yoelson . he stroke he chin . dissolve to : int . yoelson live room mama walk through the room reading another postcard aloud . mama now I whistle in the act . everyone seem to like it . you loving son , ah -- she stop , puzzle , and look more closely at the card . then she call out . mama papa ! asa be not asa any more ! papa what !? hurrying to she side , papa take the postcard and look at it . it be sign " Al jolson of Martin and jolson . " papa ( o.s. ) Al jolson ?! dissolve to : montage - more of asa' postcard dolly in on the bulletin board , now cover with postcard . dissolve to a pan across several card as asa , superimposed , whistle and mama and papa comment as before . - the first postcard depict " reno , nevada . " mama ( o.s. ) in reno , papa , he 's pick up time . papa ( o.s. ) be time something you can pick up ? this be crazy ! - the next postcard read : " walla walla . " as we see it , asa 's image dissolves into a image of the adult jolson . papa ( o.s. ) walla - walla . this town they like so much they name it twice ! - the next postcard read : " Los Angeles , California . " mama ( o.s. ) he say he can not come home this summer , papa . maybe next spring . the superimpose jolson stop whistling and smile . dissolve to : int . yoelson live room - day mama , flanked by papa and ann , hold a postcard and smile at it . papa shake he head in admiration . the postcard show the adult jolson posing with steve . dolly in on the image of jolson . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - close - up of jolson - night he lie on he back in bed , hand behind he head , and hum a few bar of " when you be sweet sixteen . " the next line he sing : jolson ... since first I meet you on the village green ... he stop sing and smile , impressed with he voice . wider angle jolson throws back the cover , jump up , hurrie over to steve's bed and slap he bottom . jolson Steve ! Steve ! listen to this ! jolson sit on the edge of Steve 's bed . steve ( awaken ) what 's the matter ? what 's the matter ? jolson listen to this ! ( resume sing ) come to I , for my dream of love be all , I love you as I love you , when you be sweet , when you be sweet sixteen . ( speak ) what do you think ? Steve be we go into this again ? in the middle of the night ? jolson but it 's get better every time , Steve ! Steve all right , all right . it 's get better . I tell you , let it alone . give yourself time . go away . go sing in the bathroom . jolson why not let I try ? Steve you mean , all of a sudden , come on maybe , in the middle of the act , you want to bust out sing ? jolson why not ? Steve you be daffy ! jolson why ? Steve we be not changin ' no act in the middle of the season and fall flat on we face ! we be gonna do like I say . we be gonna knock off a month next spring ! wider angle steve snuggle against he pillow . steve wo not take no ! never stop ! pan on jolson as he walk back to he bed . steve ( o.s. ) this guy will drive I crazy ! dissolve to : another postcard it read " churchill downs , louisville , kentucky . " mama ( o.s. ) he 's get close to home ! we will see he soon , papa ! dissolve to : int . theater - backstage - night jolson and steve walk in through the back door and turn to a old man behind a desk . jolson hello , pop. how 's trick ? Old man ( stand ) letter for you ! he hand jolson a letter from a cubby-hole . jolson look at it . jolson mama . always on time . he tear the envelope open and take out the letter . meanwhile we hear the stage manager ( jonsie ) call out : jonsie ( o.s. ) overture ! Steve ( look up at where the voice come from ) come on , Al . wider angle dolly back as jolson and steve walk up some step and across the stage to the backstage area . jolson read the letter to himself . jolson gee , mama 's excited . Three more week and we go home , Steve . Steve I could use a nice month 's rest . jolson ah , not a month ! I do not want to stay home that long . just a few day . then we have to get right to work on the new act on the stuff I be gonna sing . Steve I know , I know . there will be time . take it easy . just relax . two - shot - tracking - jolson and steve dolly back as they walk off the stage and down a few step to the corridor where the dressing room be . jolson start to hum " sweet sixteen . " steve stop argue ! jolson just hum a little . Steve when you start sing , that mean you be get idea . jolson well , I be think of something . Steve uh-oh . jolson in Nashville and Charleston , the last two date we play , why can not I sing just one chorus of " sweet sixteen ? " Steve no. jolson just to see how it sound . it will not matter if I flop . two girl in pink dress pass by . one of the girl hello , Al ... jolson ( off-handedly ) hello. ( to Steve ) just in Charleston , then . let I sing it once the last night . they stop walk . Steve look at jolson . steve that little carney kid be awful sweet on ya . why do not you give she a tumble and get you mind on something else for a change ? do not you ever think of girl ? jolson ah , I have not get time . ( take Steve 's arm ) Steve , all I be ask be just one chance ! that 's all . Steve stop argue ! baron ( o.s. ) ( drunk ) hiya , boy ! doorway to baron' dressing room tom baron , a vaudeville performer , look out into the hall at jolson and steve . half of baron' face be " blacked up " and he hold up money in both hand . baron I bet the kentucky derby winner ! I win a snootful ! Steve a snootful be right ! in baron' dressing room steve and jolson step inside . steve you would better get ready , Tom . Baron I get ready , boy , and I win ! they seat he in a chair in front of a mirror . jolson Tom , get yourself together . you be on in a little while ! Baron I will be there with fly color ! closer angle tom look down at the cash in he hand and talk to it . steve he can not go on like that ! we would better tell jonsie to skip the act . come on , we gotta get ready ourselves ! jolson you get make up , Steve . I gotta try and pull this guy together . Steve all right , but hurry up ! Steve leave the dress room , close the door behind he . jolson pull off he overcoat and toss it aside . then he push baron back in the chair . jolson Tom ! there 's a big derby crowd out there tonight ! the house be pack ! you gotta go on ! he start patting burnt cork onto Baron 's face . int . martin / jolson dressing room - same time steve hurrie in , shut the door and take off he top -coat . int . baron' dressing room - same time baron I be rarin ' to g -- go ! he pass out drunk in he chair . jolson Tom ! Tom ! Tom ! he slap Baron 's face . Baron be dead to the world . dolly in on jolson as he back away . he look into the mirror at the burnt cork on he hand , take a towel and start to wipe it off . suddenly he stop , looking at he hand again . he lift baron be head , put he head against it and look into the mirror . that settle it . jolson grab baron under the arm and turn he face - down onto he cot . jolson rise and take off he coat , sit in baron' chair , take off he hat and look in the mirror . onstage - angle from the wing - same time a male acrobatic act finishes performing . the traveler come down . the two girl in pink , holding hoop , wait in the wing to go on . front angle on the stage the orchestra plays a introduction . angle from backstage the traveler rise again and the two girl move onstage . angle on the stage the two girl start to perform . int . baron' dressing room - same time jolson , sitting in baron' chair and looking into the mirror , put on a wiry black hairpiece . he get up , walk into b.g. , take a coat from a hook and turn forward again , revealing himself in blackface . onstage - angle from the wing the two girl keep dancing . meanwhile , oscar hammerstein and lew dockstader take seat in a BOX across from they . backstage - same time jonsie , the stage manager , shield he eye from the footlight and look at the BOX . he assistant stand behind he . jonsie sees hammerstein and dockstader settle into there seat . jonsie oscar hammerstein and lew dockstader ! what be they do here ? Assistant stage manager down for the race . in the BOX hammerstein nudge dockstader . hammerstein lew , why do you drag I here when we could have be play poker ? dockstader anything on a stage , oscar . I love it . I see them all . int . baron' dressing room - same time jolson , in full costume and blackface , look into the mirror and start to put a derby hat on . a knock sound at the door . male voice ( o.s. ) you be on , mister Baron ! jolson ( in a low register ) ready ! as Tom lie comatose in f.g. , jolson put on a hat , straighten he big black tie , look in the mirror and smile broadly at himself . then he walk over to Tom and put Tom 's jacket over he shoulder . jolson goe to the dressing room door , unlocks and open it . the coast be clear . he step outside . in the corridor jolson close the door behind he and lock it . a showgirl in a black dress pass by . jolson cautiously walk up the corridor and up the step into the wing . int . martin / jolson dressing room - same time steve put he hat on and look back at the door . steve ( call ) Al ! backstage dolly back on jolson as he walk past the assistant stage manager and jonsie . he stop in the wing , waiting to go on . in the corridor steve walk to the door to baron' dressing room . he find it locked . steve ( call ) Al ! Tom ! hear no answer , he turn and head to the wing . onstage - angle from the wing the girl in pink keep dancing . jolson , he back to US in the wing , wait to go on . in the hammerstein / dockstader BOX hammerstein turn to dockstader . hammerstein any time you be ready to go , lew . in the wing steve round the corner , looking around . jolson look back . they see each other . jolson look forward again . steve walk up to he as the music for the current act conclude . steve Tom , be you all right , eh ? jolson nod . steve where 's Al ? jolson shake he head . steve he be with you , be not he ? jolson nod . steve where do he go ? jolson shrug . the girl come offstage . jonsie ( o.s. ) all right , Tom . Tom 's music begin -- the introduction to " ma blushin ' rosie . " Steve look at jolson . jolson shoot he a look back and run onstage . onstage jolson run to CENTER stage . in the wing steve angrily gesture to jolson to come back . onstage jolson straighten he hat and tie and start to sing the verse . jolson there 's a little bunch of sweetness that I long to call my bride , and believe I , I be not happy -- ( talk ) but -- baby ... huh , funny thing . I have s-sung this song a thousand time , and I why I forget it tonight , I do not know . in the wing steve roll he eye skyward and cover he face . in the hammerstein / dockstader BOX hammerstein look disappointedly at dockstader , who look at the stage with encouragement . onstage jolson start humming the melody , then sing again . jolson you will hear I call she name . ( talk ) I get it now . jolson throw a look back at Steve then sing the rest of the song with tremendous power . in the wing steve look on as if he's watching GOD . in the hammerstein / dockstader BOX both men watch impressed . dockstader Baron 's develop a very nice style . very nice . hammerstein nod happily . onstage jolson finishes the song , take off he hat and bow . the audience applaud -- among they a happy hammerstein and dockstader . in the wing jolson run up to steve . steve Al , be you nut -- jolson do you hear that finish ?! jonsie ( to jolson ) c'mon , Tom ! get out there ! jonsie turn away . jolson look frantically at Steve . jolson but Steve , I do not know any more of Tom 's song ! Steve well , take a bow and collapse ! get yourself off ! go on ! onstage jolson come onstage again , feign illness , holding he hat in one hand and the other hand to he forehead , and stagger back into the wing . in the wing steve hold jolson up and lead he backstage . jonsie Tom ! what 's the matter ? Steve he 's sick . can not ya see ? Assistant stage manager let I help you . Steve I will take he back . Steve and jolson turn a corner . meanwhile jonsie signal to a stage - hand : jonsie Jimmy , get the adagio team ! hurry up ! a kid run into frame , nod and run off . in the corridor steve lead jolson down the step into the corridor where the dressing room be . suddenly they separate . steve I will murder you ! gimme the key to Baron 's room ! he could get throw out of the business for this ! jolson but the way I sing that finish , Steve ! Steve gimme that key ! we gotta get Tom on he foot ! jolson hand Steve the key and Steve unlock the door to Baron 's dress room . in baron' dressing room baron sit on the edge of he cot . the door open and steve enter followed by jolson . the hat be again on jolson's head and he take it off along with the wig . steve ( to jolson ) get that make - up off ! ( to Baron ) and you get yours on ! Baron stand up . steve jonsie , the stage manager , will be here in a minute to see if you die ! Baron I gotta go on ! Steve grab he by the shoulder and make he lie on the cot . steve get this through you head ! you have be on ! you just come off ! you get sick and have to quit after the first song ! Baron ( rise ) I do ?! Steve ( push he down again ) do not you understand ? jolson look over from the sink where he be wash he face . jolson you be not on at all ! you could not make it ! Steve ( gesture at jolson ) and that idiot go on and sing for you ! jolson you be a big hit , Tom ! Steve shut up ! I will talk to you later ! get that make - up off ! in the corridor jonsie walk to baron' dressing room door with hammerstein and dockstader behind he . jonsie tries to OPEN the door then knock . jonsie Tom ?! in the dressing room steve apply burnt cork to baron' face . steve ( call back ) oh , he 's all right , jonsie ! nothing to worry about ! in the corridor jonsie mister hammerstein and mister dockstader be here to see he ! in the dressing room jolson turn from the mirror where he's be drying he face . jolson hammerstein ! dockstader ! wider angle another knock sound at the door . jonsie ( o.s. ) what 's the matter ? let I in ! Steve just a minute ! he set the make - up container on a table and pull a blanket over Baron . meanwhile jolson reach for a blue bathrobe and put it on . steve ( to Baron ) be you all right , Tom ? do you hear what I tell you ? jolson ( lean over he ) see , you be a big hit , Tom ! Steve keep still ! Steve spit on he hand and wipe some burnt cork on he pant leg . then he unlock and open the door , revealing jonsie , hammerstein and dockstader outside . jolson finish tie the bathrobe around he as they enter . steve come in , gentleman ! he 's feel much better . just a little indigestion . jonsie ( point to Baron ) mister Baron gentleman !... mister dockstader , mister hammerstein . hammerstein shake Baron 's hand . hammerstein I be glad to know you , Baron . you be great out there tonight . sorry you could not do more . baron thank you , mister hammerstein . jonsie oh , this be Steve Martin , gentleman . jonsie leave the room , close the door behind he . steve how be ya ? ( point to jolson ) my partner , Al jolson . jolson how do you do ? Steve ( take he hat off ) Martin and jolson . hammerstein ( to Baron ) I have a idea you might do very well at hammerstein 's Victoria , Baron . if you would consider open in , say , two week ? two - shot - jolson and dockstader as baron and hammerstein talk , dockstader look at jolson . baron ( o.s. ) well , I , uh -- I do not know , mister hammerstein . I -- jolson he do not know . that 's wonderful . he get a offer to play on Broadway ... dockstader look behind jolson 's ear . dockstader Pov - jolson burnt cork remains behind jolson's ear . jolson ... and he do not know ! Steve ( o.s. ) that 's a great break , Tom ! dockstader look back and forth between jolson and baron as hammerstein talk to baron . hammerstein ( o.s. ) I do not carry a contract around with I , but anything will do . two - shot - jolson and dockstader dockstader ( to jolson ) I would like to talk to you . jolson who , I ? dockstader outside . dockstader turn to the door ; jolson follow , bounce a fist against he palm . Steve watch they go , then start to follow . meanwhile : hammerstein ( o.s. ) I be certain we will not have any trouble about the term . I say , you be go to enjoy play my theater . in the corridor dockstader pace to the opposite wall then look back at jolson . dockstader what do you say you name be ? jolson Al jolson . dockstader do you ever sing in blackface , jolson ? Steve emerge from the dress room . steve him ? never ! y'see , he -- he just whistle , mister dockstader . dockstader black up behind the ear to whistle , huh ! jolson feel behind he ear . dockstader you see , I have see Baron work before . hammerstein have not . Steve I will go in and explain to mister hammerstein . dockstader I would not . hammerstein know what he 's do . and I do not tell tale . ( to jolson ) and as for you , jolson , you can join dockstader 's minstrel in Saint Louis next week . jolson ya -- you do not mean it ! ( turn to Steve ) Steve , you hear that ? Steve that 's from heaven , kid ! jolson ( pace back then turn around again ) Saint Louis next week ! ( to Steve ) then we have to leave the show on Saturday , Steve . we can fix that , can not we ? ( to dockstader ) ah , sure we can ! and there 's a lot of new stuff we be plan to put in the act ! we will have it ready Saturday ! dockstader I can not use a act , jolson . I only have a place for one man . jolson oh -- oh , you mean -- you mean you just want I ? Steve well -- well , what do you think ? what would I be do with minstrel ? jolson ( to dockstader ) oh , well , Steve and I have be together a long time , and -- and we be work up a lot of new idea . Steve not I . you . but this be what a guy like you pray for . dockstader 's minstrel in one jump ! dockstader where you can sing you head off . jolson oh , you mean the job call for a singer ? Steve what be you talkin ' about ? what do you think ? jolson ( to dockstader ) oh , then I would not be interested . see , I like whistling . Steve and I argue about that all the time . he -- he keep want I to sing , but at heart I be just a whistler . only thing that make I happy . the assistant stage manager pass by . assistant stage manager Martin and jolson , five minute ! jolson well , that 's we . ( shake dockstader 's hand ) well , thanks a lot , mister dockstader . and if you ever need a whistler , let I know , will ya ? ( pinch Steve 's cheek ) be with you in a minute , Steve . jolson walk off . dolly in on Steve and dockstader . steve when be you leave town , mister dockstader ? dockstader tomorrow evening . Steve I might drop around to you hotel in the morning . dissolve to : int . train carriage - night bell SOUND . jolson walk down a aisle carrying he bag with a topcoat over he arm , steve behind he . jolson sit in a seat and steve sit beside he , looking around . steve I wonder what the porter do with my bag . they be not here . jolson must be on the train somewhere . Steve I will see . Steve walk back up the aisle , pass dockstader and tap he shoulder . dockstader look at Steve and Steve look back at he . dockstader smile , rise and go to jolson . dockstader hello , jolson . jolson ( look up , surprised ) hello , mister dockstader . I think you be go to Saint Louis . dockstader I am. ( sit beside jolson ) so be you . jolson stare at he , think . conductor ( o.s. ) all aboard ! jolson ( suspicious ) where 's Steve ? dockstader he 's not come . jolson then I be on the wrong train ! dockstader ( hold he shoulder ) no , you be not . this be the right train . Steve want you to go with I . jolson ( pick up he baggage ) I can not do it ! dockstader try to block jolson as he get up . dockstader but you be throw away a great chance , jolson ! jolson I can not , mister dockstader ! at the door a conductor shut the door and turn away . jolson hurrie to the door and look outside . steve stand there as the train leave the platform . jolson Steve ! he try to open the door . jolson be Pov - steve hold he hand together in a gesture of " good luck . " angle on jolson jolson ( desperately ) Steve ! dissolve to : int . theater - onstage a troop of EIGHT blackfaced minstrel dance onstage leaning forward , jolson in there midst . they sing " I want a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad . " dolly in on they . close - up - jolson sing enthusiastically with they ( but we don't hear he voice ) . in the wing dockstader in blackface and wearing a gold top - hat nods he head with they . a stage -hand pass by in b.g. onstage dolly back from the minstrel as they finish there song and raise there hat in the AIR . dissolve to : int . the wing dockstader , in blackface and gold top - hat , turn away from the stage . jolson run up and touch he elbow . the orchestra be playing " way down upon the swanee river . " jolson Excuse I , mister dockstader . you see , it 's be almost a year now -- dockstader and you be do fine , jolson . you be make real progress . I have some idea for you . I be go to move you into a quartet . jolson ( hold dockstader 's elbow again ) well , thanks a lot , mister dockstader . but , you see , I have some idea myself , and -- dockstader ( hold he hand behind he back ) Steve Martin say you would break out with a rash now and then . idea about what ? jolson well , I mean , I want to talk to you about the kind of song we be sing . same one all the time , in the same way ... dockstader ( gesture toward the audience ) that 's what they come to hear ! it 's a matter of tradition ! jolson but they might like something different . dockstader my boy , minstrel have be do fine for fifty year , and we take pride in do it like it 's always be do . jolson oh , I know that , mister dockstader . dockstader but you have get a great point there , jolson . we will talk it over some time . yes , we will talk it over . dissolve to : onstage jolson in a quartet sing " I want a girl . " dolly in on jolson as he sing . ( this time we hear he voice . ) dissolve to : int . corridor - outside dockstader office jolson stand outside a door that just say " no . 1 . " he almost knock but turn away . just then dockstader emerge from the office smoking a cigar . jolson turn back . jolson Excuse I , mister dockstader . I have be look for a chance for week to -- dockstader ( take the cigar from he mouth ) I agree , jolson . you have work in that quartet long enough . time you move up . I be go to give you a chance in a duet . jolson well , that would be fine , mister dockstader . but the point be , if I do , I would like to try a different kind of song . I mean , something with a style that 's better for I -- faster tempo , more rhythm . I would like to look for something like that . dockstader sure , sure . talk to you about that again , jolson . must be some song around you would be happy with . must be some song . dockstader walk out a stage door past a old man read a newspaper . dissolve to : onstage jolson in a duet sing " I want a girl . " in the wing dockstader watch in blackface and gold top - hat , nodding he head with they . the same stage -hand pass by in b.g . dissolve to : ext . theater backdoor - night jolson's partner walk outside followed by jolson , both wearing straw hat . partner where be you go to eat ? jolson I think I will take a look at the town . I have never be in New Orleans before . partner do not get lose -- we have get a show tonight . dissolve to : ext . new orlean STREET - night jolson walk down the STREET past vegetable vendor . closer shot - jolson walk along disinterestedly . suddenly he hear jazz music playing . he look ahead , very interested . angle on a door the music come from behind the door . jolson step up to the door . closer angle jolson look in through a SMALL window in the door . jolson be Pov - the jazz club black musician be playing the jazz . reverse angle jolson look in through the window and smile . dissolve to : int . theater - in the wing dockstader stand in the wing in blackface and he gold hat . a assistant walk up to he . " way down upon the swanee river " be be played in b.g . assistant mister dockstader , jolson have not show up yet . dockstader it 's too late now , anyway . cut the duet . dissolve to : int . jazz club - night the black musician continue to play . jolson sit on a table - top , legs fold , listening and bouncing with the rhythm . dolly in on a trumpet player playing smoke . jolson sit loving it . suddenly he take he watch from a coat pocket and look at it . he get up , hurrie to the door , then wave at everybody . they all wave back . he run out the door . dissolve to : int . theater - backstage dockstader walk down some step as jolson enter through the stage door . he run down the stair after he . jolson mister dockstader , I be sorry ! I be late , I know . dockstader it 's intermission . we have to skip you number . dockstader go into a office . jolson follow . int . office - same time jolson I -- I be very sorry . I just forget . I know that sound crazy , but I hear some music tonight -- something they call " jazz . " dockstader go behind the desk , sit down and look at some papers . jolson some fella just make it up as they go along . they -- they pick it out of the air ! they tell I they play for wedding and funeral and ... dockstader ( look up , not amused ) funeral ! dockstader get up , walk to a shelf and take a account book . jolson but do not get the wrong idea ! you have never hear anything like this ! I start to sing with they . nothing with word , because the song do not have any . dockstader sit behind the desk again . jolson in fact , it be not even a song . but you could make it one and get word to fit it . it just need to be work on a little . it 's exciting . it will make the show a hundred time better ! dockstader I be happy with the show as it be , jolson . but you be not , be you ? in fact , you never will be . you will always be chase something up ahead and keep forget you act in a little thing like a minstrel show . ( more ) dockstader ( cont would ) so maybe we ought to call it quit . ( he rise ) do not you think so ? jolson yeah , I think you be right . dockstader ( hold he hand out ) well , good luck , jolson . I hope you find what you be look for . jolson shake he hand . jolson thanks , mister dockstader . jolson leave the office , close the door behind he . fade out . fade in : int . yoelson live room - day papa walk up to the bulletin board and look at asa' postcard . mama look at he through the dine room archway . mama papa , you be not go to start again tonight ? papa can not a man ask himself question ? in six month , three card . I would only like to understand . he leave dockstader and then no card . why ? because he do not leave dockstader for a better position -- because for a long time he be not work ! the doorbell ring . papa walk the few pace to the door and open it . there stand jolson . jolson Excuse I . do you happen to be the yoelson who have a talented young son in show business ? papa asa ! jolson ah , ha-ha ! papa kiss jolson on both cheek , then mama run up , excited . mama oh , asa ! she give he hug and kiss . jolson yup , it 's the right yoelson ! ( he look at she at arm 's length ) mama , you get young ! mama oh , no ! papa ( slapping he back ) why do not you say you be come ? jolson well , be not this better ? this way mama 's have a good cry ! mama asa , how be you ?! look at he , a man ! papa ( grab he hand ) do you eat , asa ? jolson eat ? what 's that ? papa well , mama , he do not eat ! mama do not eat ? come on ! sit down ! mama take jolson by the arm and lead he into the dining room . mama papa and I just finish , but there 's plenty ! I have get everything ! she run toward the kitchen , then turn back . mama ooh , I have get to tell Ann ! sit down ! make he sit down , papa ! mama run off , call : mama Ann Murray ! Ann ! dolly in as papa unbutton jolson 's overcoat . papa ( nervously ) well , why -- why be she so excited ? ( take off the overcoat ) what 's there to be so excited about ? dissolve to : int . yoelson dine room - night jolson sit eating at mid - table with papa on one side of he and ann on the other . jolson mama take all the medal . still the best cook in the United States . mama walk to the table hold a plate of gefilte fish . mama after what you have be eat , by comparison I be wonderful . she slip jolson a yarmulke as she set the plate in front of papa . mama ( continue ) look at he . show you what you can tell from picture . he 's skin and bone . jolson smile at the yarmulke and put it on . Ann look at he and grin . papa ( turn to jolson ) you see , asa -- ( he stop , notice the yarmulke ) well , that 's nice , to put a cap on when you eat . but asa , do you wear one all the time you be away ? jolson as a matter of fact , I do not . papa well , for I it 's not necessary . papa take the yarmulke from he head . mama walk in with another two plate -- one large and one SMALL -- and sets they in front of jolson . mama here , gefilte fish I make this morning . papa ( fold the yarmulke ) and horse radish , fresh grate a hour ago . he hand mama the yarmulke . she look back at he . ann look out for it , asa . it 's very strong . jolson ( look at she ) who 's that again ? not Ann Murray ! papa well , of course ! she grow up ! and look how pretty ! jolson that 's what I mean ! it can not be . she be just a funny little girl with funny ribbon in she hair . jolson cut the fish with he fork and dip a piece in horse radish . papa oh , and listen to that , mama . and you be such a prize I suppose , huh ? mama asa be a beautiful boy ! jolson ah , you see ? mama let he eat . asa , the fish . jolson ( hold he fork up ) ah , I can taste this already . he put a red-coate bite into he mouth . ann not too much horse radish ! jolson I do not have to worry about -- = he suddenly gag . mama pat he back , then Ann do . jolson magnificent ! mama see , I know he would like it ! jolson wipe he eye with he napkin . jolson oh , wonderful , mama . wonderful . really the best you ever make . mama , you be terrific !... tell I , papa . how 's everybody be ? papa oh , mama and I have be well . by the way , do you know who come to see we a few week ago ? Steve Martin . jolson Steve ? how be he ? papa I do not know . he do not look so well . he say he be " pick up time . " be that good , asa ? jolson if you have not get regular book , that mean you be pick up whatever work you can get . papa uh-huh , uh-huh . and you ? you ...? mama eh , papa , please . he 's eat . you can talk business later . papa I be sorry . jolson it 's all right , mama . it 's true , I have be pick up a little time now and then . that 's all . papa ( to mama ) uh-huh . you see ? jolson now , but wait . I could have have regular book if I want it . mama ( to papa ) see ? jolson but I have have other idea . they sound a little crazy to anyone but I . Ann like what , asa ? jolson well , like spend most of my time in hotel room with song - writer whenever I meet up with one . try to make song out of music I pick up . Music nobody ever hear of before but the only kind I want to sing . papa be this music so peculiar ? jolson you sing it all the time , papa . papa you want to sing prayer on the stage ? jolson no - no - no , just the feel in prayer . that 's what 's in the people I get it from and that 's what 's in they music , even when it 's fast and happy . but they tell I it will not go , papa . it 's never be do . in fact I will tell you a secret . they say you son 's a little crazy . papa well , mama , we son be a little crazy . but what can we do ? he be we boy . we have get to love he . but about crazy people , asa , it 's -- it 's very funny . you see , once they prove they be right , they be suddenly great people . Ann smile . the phone ring . mama I will go . eat , asa . dolly back as mama walk into the live room . mama ( answer the phone ) hello ?... yes ?... New York ...? hello , hello . yes ?... who ?... Al ?... oh , asa ! asa be right here ! yes . and who be this , please ?... Baron ...? jolson ( walk up to she ) Baron ? mama ( hand he the phone ) a mister Tom Baron . jolson ( into the phone ) hello , Tom ? how be ya ? where would you drop from ? how would you know I be here ? int . baron' office ( winter garden ) - same time baron get you home address from a agency . it 's about this , Al . you remember that contract with hammerstein ? huh ? well , I be so bad that he pay I off if I would stop sing . that 's how it happen I be manage the new Winter Garden theater . I have get you to thank for the whole thing . and look , my friend , we open in three week , and there 's a spot in the show for you if you want it ! int . yoelson live room - same time jolson if I want it ?! ( sit , dazzle ) Winter Garden ... mama and papa look on . jolson yeah ... yes , I hear you , Tom . it 's just a spot , but -- but Broadway ! except , tell I , Tom . what do I do ? I mean , exactly what do I sing ? Baron well , I do not know . any one of the song that 's be write for the show . jolson why can not I pick my own , Tom ?... well , not exactly my own . I mean , it 's stuff I pick up . terrific song . they just need to be polished up by somebody good in New York . would not take more than a week . in baron' office baron ( on the phone ) they be terrific but not write yet ?! in the yoelson live room jolson but what 's the good , Tom , if it do not help the show and if I can not do what I can do . I do not care if it 's the biggest show in the world ! I would rather pass it up ! mama and papa look at he , concerned . jolson let I bring the stuff on and help I get it into shape ... ya , you will ? ah , you be marvelous !... yeah . why , I can leave right away . I will be on that train in a hour ! papa he just come home ! jolson right , Tom . the minute I get there ! jolson hang up and pick mama up by the waist . jolson ah , ha ha ! papa asa , you be leave ? jolson just right next door , papa . New York ! I will be back ! he pick Ann up by the waist . jolson ah , honey ! what a break this be ! New York ! Broadway ! Winter Garden , here I come ! in baron' office baron ( put a cigar into he mouth ) how do you like that ! it 's gotta be he own song , and he own way of sing it ! dolly back to reveal Steve sit in a chair across from Baron 's desk . steve have not change a day . ( rise ) thanks a lot , Tom . do not tell he I have anything to do with it . Baron this could turn out to be a pack of trouble ! Steve ( head for the door ) al? trouble ? can not imagine what you mean ! Baron plug the cigar into he mouth then do a double - take at Steve . dissolve to : ext . winter garden theater - marquee - night dolly in on a lighted sign that read : " winter garden open tonight gaby desly in vera violetta " dissolve to : int . winter garden - backstage - same time jolson stand waiting in the wing to go on . he be in blackface and wear a dark suit and over - size bow tie . dancing girl in red , white and blue be onstage . the audience look on nonchalantly . backstage stage manager show 's run too long . ( look at he watch ) it 's almost eleven now . who 's on next ? Assistant stage manager ( point ) jolson . stage manager well , cut jolson out and jump to the finish . jolson hey , wait a minute ! stage manager phone the orchestra leader . tell he we be cut the jolson number . jolson look , I wanna go on ! stage manager finale . jolson where 's Baron ? ask Tom Baron ! stage manager Baron be not run this end of it , I be ! the assistant stage manager get on the phone . jolson run onstage . assistant to the assistant ( grab jolson 's arm ) hold it ! you be not on ! jolson ( break free ) that 's what you think ! Assistant stage manager ( on phone ) we be cut the jolson number . the curtain part and jolson stick he head out . jolson I be next , folk ! ha-ha ! you lucky people ! conductor ( on phone ) but he 's here , right in front of I ! backstage the assistant stage manager doe a double -take . onstage jolson ( to the conductor ) oscar , what be you doin ' with that phone ? this be no time to call up woman ! the audience laugh . meanwhile : conductor ( on the phone ) I can not get up there and pull he off ! Assistant stage manager Close the curtain on he ! jolson oscar , if you insist on phonin ' , get one for I , huh ? the curtain close . Steve , sit in the balcony , look on puzzle . onstage jolson part the curtain and step onstage again . jolson hello , oscar . remember I ? jolson. ( gesture to the wing ) now , boy , take it easy ! the stage manager and he assistant glower back at jolson . jolson next thing you know , they will turn out the light on I , but I would not mind that ! Professor , my song , if ya please ! the orchestra play the intro to " my mammy . " jolson settle back , folk . you be not hear nothin ' yet ! in the audience steve alone clap he hand . the people around he look at he like he's crazy and he quickly stop . onstage jolson sing " my mammy . " as he win over the audience , the stage manager look at he in awe . mid - song , jolson get down on one knee and fully emotes . he end the song stand and flinging he hand into the AIR . the audience give he a stand ovation . steve look around overjoyed for he . jolson wave to the audience . dissolve to : ext . a newspaper rack - day jolson pull a " variety " off the rack . dolly in as he circle the sub - headline : " al jolson , mammy singer , surprise smash . " dissolve to : int . yoelson dine room - day mama look over papa' shoulder at the sub-headline . mama asa smashed something ? dissolve to : ext . a billboard dolly in . it read : " gaby desly with al jolson . " dissolve to : ext . winter garden marquee - night it read : " gaby desly with al jolson in vera violetta . " dissolve to : ext . a billboard dolly in . it read : " al jolson with gaby desly . " CUT to : a newspaper headline it read : " all record . show continue to pack they in . jolson still sets pace , playing to standee at every performance . " tilt down to the bottom corner of the page . there , a BOX read : " steve martin and he cello at LIBERTY . " dissolve to : int . jolson's dressing room - night jolson pat he face with a towel . baron enter , reflected in jolson's mirror . baron that actor you want to interview for the new show . wanna see he now ? jolson ( dourly ) send he in . jolson wink to Baron in the mirror . Baron open the door further . Steve enter the dress room , hold he hat in he hand . jolson get up and shake he hand . jolson hello , Steve . have not see you in a long time . how have you be ? Steve Fine . glad to see you , Al . jolson sit down . just clean up . jolson sit again . Steve walk up behind he as Baron watch . steve look , about this part , Al . it 's nice of you to think of I . but it might not be right . you see , I be consider a few other thing ... jolson sure , sure . I realize that . but you see , it 's like this , Steve . I have sort of click on Broadway , and thing be kinda pile up on I . Music contract , record make , sheet music . Baron and now we be put together a new show -- star Al . jolson it 's a great show , Steve . you should hear the song . we go into rehearsal next week . Steve yeah , but , what 's this get to do with the part ? jolson I be tell you the part . I need a man who know show business . I need a man to move in and help I run this career of mine . I need a manager . what do you say ? Steve rise petulantly . steve that 's a nice part , mister jolson , but not in my line . jolson ( rise ) ha-ha ! Steve , you old dog ! you get to do it ! I need ya ! be lookin ' all over for ya ! Steve quit kid . you have get Tom . Baron I get all I can do to run the show ! somebody 's gotta run Al ! jolson come on ! say you will ride along with I , Steve ! Steve at my age , ride on a comet ? jolson Tom , meet my new manager . mister Steve Martin ! Baron ( shaking Steve 's hand ) great pleasure , mister Martin ! dissolve to : ext . a billboard - night dolly in . it read : " honeymoon express - open tonight - starring al jolson . " dissolve to : int . winter garden - onstage - night jolson , in blackface , sing " i'm sittin ' on top of the world . " he wear he standard costume of black suit and oversize black ribbon bow - tie . the second half of the song be presented in a single close - up without editing . dissolve to : int . yoelson live room - night papa pace , looking at he watch . mama and ann look on . papa twenty minute to twelve . why do not he phone ? Ann the show be not over yet , that 's all . mama so what be you worried about ? papa mama , when will you learn about show business ? ( he pick up a variety and slap it ) running time be everything . you can have a smash show , but if it 's too long , it can take a nose -dive . ( shrug ) happens all the time . he look at he watch again . mama look at ann. dissolve to : int . winter garden - onstage - night jolson talk to a southern damsel ( sally ) who sit on a chair weeping . a traveler behind they show a southern plantation . jolson what 's the matter , miss Sally ? just tell you old uncle Gus everything . it can not be as bad as all that . in the wing ( stage right ) steve , baron and the assistant stage manager signal urgently to jolson to look at he watch . onstage - angle from the wing revealing jolson and sally CENTER -stage and , in the stage - left wing , the leading man , henry -- a southern gentleman in a frock coat and top -hat . sally Henry will never believe I love he and not lester . in the wing ( stage right ) steve , baron and the assistant keep signaling to jolson . onstage - angle from the wing jolson sees they and take a pocket watch from he coat pocket as he continue the scene . jolson look . well , why do not you just explain it to Henry ? Sally he will not even listen to I . jolson ( look at the watch ) he will not , huh Sally no . jolson look at the audience , smile and point to the watch . jolson well , honey , Henry have better listen pretty soon , or this show be go to run till one o'clock ! the audience laugh . in the wing ( stage right ) steve , baron and the assistant look on dumbfounded as jolson continue : jolson ( o.s. ) a lot of this folk live in Brooklyn . they gotta catch a train . the audience laugh again . onstage jolson y'see , he really love she , and she really love he , and it come out all right , anyway . so -- ( call into the wing ) well , henry , will you please come out here and tell her you love her so we can get to the finale ?! the audience applaud . jolson c'mon , Henry . c'mon out . jolson take Henry 's hand , lead he onstage and stop he jut in front of Sally . Henry take off he hat . jolson ( to the audience ) you remember Henry ! ( to the actor ) well , go ahead , kid . do you stuff . Henry and Sally start to kiss . jolson push between they , send they apart . jolson that 's enough . besides , you be gettin ' pay . jolson move toward stage- right rub he glove hand together . jolson well , now that we get that set ... ( gesture backstage ) take this curtain up ! in the wing ( stage - right ) steve look on mutely as baron react . baron have he lose he mind ? onstage jolson go ahead , take it up ! the traveler rise . jolson pass under it to the main stage where actor scatter in panic . jolson hello , kid . how be ya ? -- whoa , wait ! wait a minute ! hold it ! do not go ! the audience laugh and applaud . jolson gesture to the company to sit on a set of step . jolson do not mind the customer . do like I tell ya . everybody , come back and sit down . in the wing ( stage - right ) baron give steve a odd look . onstage - angle from the wing jolson anyway , kid . you be tired and this may go for a long time . angle over jolson at the audience a panoramic shot of the audience . jolson step to the footlight . jolson because I think I have get another dozen song in I and I be rarin ' to go ! the audience applaud . only the first few row be illuminate by stage light ; the rest of the house be dark . medium shot - jolson the entire chorus sit behind he now . he hold he hand up for quiet . jolson wait a minute ! I have make up my mind . if I be gonna sing to ya , I wanna see ya ! ( call backstage ) Steve , tell the electrician to turn up the light ! in the wing the startled electrician doesn't react . steve look at he . steve well , go ahead ! medium shot - jolson jolson ( still call backstage ) all the house light -- every one of they ! in the wing baron houselight ? why ? Steve how else ya gonna see face ? Baron do a double - take at he . angle over jolson at the audience the houselight come on , illuminating the entire audience , including the balcony . jolson well , now . that 's more like it . medium - shot - jolson jolson I have be waitin ' for this a long time ! Professor , " you make I Love you . " and if that be not a song cue , I never hear one . series of shot - intro - as the orchestra plays the intro , the audience look on and laugh at jolson's most recent line . - in the wing , steve and baron look on smiling . close - up - jolson he sing " you made I love you " all in a single close - up without cutting . as he sing , dolly in slightly on he face and fade in a superimposition of a pan across the audience . each patron look on happily . then fade out the super and dolly back slightly from jolson's face as he finishes . at the end of the song he throws he head back , smiling . fade out . fade in : variety dolly in on a headline : " honeymoon express still socko in 40 th week . " below it be a sub - headline : " jolson's winter garden show continue to be leader despite new arrival . " dissolve to : int . yoelson live room papa hold a variety , reading enthusiastically . papa beginning of the second year and still socko , mama ! dissolve to : int . winter garden - back of the house - day jolson stand with steve and baron looking across the auditorium . jolson gesture . jolson I want to get way past that footlight and a lot closer to the audience ! I want a runway from the stage run right down the center of the house ! then I can sing right at he ! Baron Al ! you put a thing like that up , you will lose a hundred seat every performance ! jolson and you show have twice as long a run at sheer profit ! now , look , right down here ... he motion to the placement of the runway as we hear the intro to " swanee . " dissolve to : int . winter garden - night jolson perform " swanee " on the runway . ( the real al jolson be in this three - shot sequence . ) dissolve to : int . yoelson live room - day papa read aloud from variety . papa " ' Robinson crusoe , ' after two year , still sockeroo ! " mama what be sockeroo , papa ? papa sockeroo , mama ? it 's double socko . mama ooh . dissolve to : int . jolson's dressing room - day steve sit writing at a paper - filled desk as baron pace nearby . baron take a big Broadway show like this on tour ? drag it all over the country ? into tank town ? Al 's out of he mind ! it 's never be do ! Steve neither be lighting up the audience , or runway . Baron but why this Steve ? Steve because it 's a brand new audience , he say . million of them -- people who never see a Broadway show and never hear he sing . Baron throw he a irritate arm wave . medium shot - steve steve but you go ahead , Tom . talk he out of it ! Baron ( o.s. ) I will ! Steve look off as we hear a door close . dissolve to : variety dolly in on the headline : " jolson will tour U.S. " below it , a sub - headline read : " singing STAR blaze new trail in show business . " dissolve to : ext . a passenger train - day it race along as we hear jolson sing " toot toot tootsie good bye . " as the song continue , dissolve to : montage - mama' scrap book in a angle over mama' shoulder , she sit at the dine room table turning page in a scrapbook , looking at a series of newspaper clipping about jolson . ( there be also clipping on the back of page but these be not clearly shown . ) dolly in on the scrapbook . the headline : - in variety : " jolson phenomenal as he tour stick , " with a picture of jolson singing in blackface . - in the philadelphia gazette journal : " jolson start nation wide tour tonight at bijou theater , " with a picture of jolson singing without make - up . a sidebar story add : " broadway show great success . " - in the chicago record : " windy CITY roar welcome to jolson , " with a portrait of jolson without make -up . a side - bar story add : " jolson show slate tonight . " - in the kansas CITY time : " K.C. opera house a sell - out for al jolson " , with two picture of he performing -- one in blackface , the other not . a side - bar story add : " jolson on tour great success . " - in the des moine dispatch : " jolson in town , " with two picture of jolson performing in blackface . - in the lincoln gazette : " town turn out for jolson , " with two picture of he performing -- one in blackface , the other not . - in the cheyenne globe time : " jolson day in cheyenne , " with two picture of he performing -- one in blackface , the other not . - in the spokane sentinel : " first broadway show visit northwest , " with two picture of jolson performing in blackface . - in the seattle transcript journal : " al' here ! theater goer get treat , " with two picture of jolson performing , one in blackface , the other not . a side - bar story add : " innovation in entertainment . " dissolve to : - in the denver examiner : " al jolson's show a sellout , " with a picture of he performing in blackface . - in the fort worth blade : " texans put on show to welcome al jolson , " with a picture of he performing without make -up . two side - bar headline read : " al jolson amaze " and " singer captivate the south . " - in the new orlean recorder : " jolson and extravaganza in town , " with a portrait of jolson and a picture of he performing in blackface . a side - bar story add : " tonight jolson . " - in the memphis STAR : " mammy singer captivate the south , " with a picture of jolson performing in blackface . a side - bar headline add : " welcome al jolson . " the song end . dissolve to : ext . passenger train - day pan on it at it race by , then hold on the side of a passing car . CUT to : int . dine car - day - same time a waiter walk away from there table . jolson have he legs up , reading a script . steve be reading a letter . steve here 's a laugh , Al . some boy at the club be say , why do not you give Sunday night concert so actor and people in show business will get a chance to see you perform . how d'ya like that ? jolson look up enthralled . jolson why , it 's the most exciting audience in the world ! that 's a great idea ! make a note of it , Steve . tell Tom to arrange it ! Steve wait ! the minute we get back to New York , you wanna start right to work on the new show . without even a day 's rest ! jolson so what ? Steve so pretty soon you be doin ' eight performance a week again -- like you have do steady for five year . and now you want to add a extra show on Sunday . ( point at he ) that 's a short - cut to the morgue . jolson sweetheart , what you like do keep you healthy . Steve oh , I know you would rather sing to a live face than eat . but I call this wind up with nothing for yourself . I be talk about some life outside of a theater . jolson ( look up ) like what ? Steve like slow down a little and have some other kind of fun -- like a family . like some girl . jolson do not worry , pal . there 's always be a girl . look , when do we play Washington ? Steve two week . jolson the night we open there , let 's make it a real celebration . get a box for mama and papa , and Ann Murray and she folk , and tell papa to bring the president . Steve of the United States ? jolson no , the synagogue . dissolve to : int . winter garden - BOX seat - night mama and papa sit together in the BOX . beside they sit ann and a unknown , well -dress male ( roy anderson ) . behind they sit mr . samuel , the president of the synagogue , and mr . and mrs . murray . ( papa doesn't wear he yarmulke . ) dolly back as the intro plays to " the spaniard the blighted my life . " wide shot - the stage jolson make a grand entrance dressed as a spaniard riding on a flower cart pulled by a donkey , and surrounded by dancing girl . jolson ( sing out ) hamburger ! hamburger ! hamburger ! the chorus lift jolson atop the cart and he sing " the spaniard that blighted my life . " in the middle of the song he doe a comedy bit with a flute player , who keep try to make he sing higher . finally jolson sing some nonsense word with he then add : jolson one of we should have stay home ! in the meantime , Steve , stand in the wing , look up at the balcony and see Roy sit with Ann . a look of concern cross Steve 's face . when the song end , two male dancers raise jolson aloft as everyone sing " ole ! " the audience applaud . dissolve to : int . jolson's dressing room - night jolson greet mama and papa in the entryway . behind they be ann' parent . jolson shake everyone's hand . papa a Spaniard all of a sudden ! jolson mister and miss Murray , glad you be here . Mr. Murray you be great . I enjoy you very much . jolson turn to Mr. samuel and shake he hand . jolson Mr. samuel , how be you ? dolly in as jolson talk to mama and papa . jolson well , how would you like it ? papa when I sing in the synagogue , I never get applause like that . jolson ( patting papa 's shoulder ) papa , if you want to get ahead sing , you have get to have Steve manage you affair . they all laugh . mama asa , you look thin . you need a rest . Steve look back from a tray of hor d'oeuvre . steve Rest ? there 's a new show come up , and now a performance every Sunday night . mama Sunday night , too ? jolson by popular request , mama . do not worry about it , honey . ( look up ) Ann ! jolson walk over to greet Anne and Roy come in through the doorway . ann Al , it be marvelous . jolson gee , I be glad to see you , ann. ( notice the other man ) say , I know he . Ann that 's Roy Anderson , Al . he be in school with we . jolson ( shaking he hand ) sure . hello , Roy . Roy how be ya , Al ? Ann we be go to be marry next month , Al . close - up - jolson he tries not to let he anguish show . close - up - steve look up , knowing jolson hurt . jolson ( o.s. ) you and Roy ? Ann ( o.s. ) uh-huh . close - up - jolson as it sink in : jolson well , what d'ya know . dissolve to : ext . winter garden marquee - night it read : " winter garden al jolson in sinbad " below that ( not light up ) be the word , " sunday night concert . " and below that hang a banner that read , " open tonight . " dissolve to : ext . a poster - night dolly in on the poster which read , " sinbad - 28th week - al jolson . " dissolve to : ext . poster - night dolly in on the same poster but it now read : " 94th week . " dissolve to : ext . winter garden marquee - night dolly out from a banner that say " open tonight " to reveal the marquee above it : " winter garden al jolson in bombo " dissolve to : ext . a poster - night jolson and he name be picture and the poster bear the word " 97th week . " dissolve to : ext . winter garden marquee - night the marquee read : " winter garden al jolson in big boy open tonight " CUT to : ext . the same marquee - night but now it say " 75 th week . " CUT to : ext . the same marquee - night now it say " 102nd week . " CUT to : ext . the same marquee - night now it say " 3rd year . " dissolve to : int . jolson's dressing room - night steve leans against a wall puffing a cigar as dick glenn , a hollywood producer , pitch a movie to he . glenn we have be experiment with talk picture for year . we know it will work . but we want a star in we first sound picture . Steve but why Al ? Glenn well , that 's logical . he 's the biggest sing star in the country and he 's lead the way in show business ever since he begin . Steve so Al should risk he career on a newfangled invention like this . what if this thing be a flop ? Glenn with jolson , we do not think it will be . jolson enter through a archway with a valet . steve even so , before Al go into anything like this , he 's gonna knock off for a year and rest . jolson ha-hah ! how many people do you figure see a good movie , Mr. Glenn ? Glenn fifty million in this country alone . jolson and the rest of the world besides , huh ? never be a audience like that in history , Steve . the valet help jolson into he jacket and brushes it off . steve that may be true , Al , but -- jolson it 's a audience that never see a live show . people in small town who can afford a movie where they can not afford anything else . a audience of million . and I would be sing to every one of they at the same time . from o.s. , music start to play . jolson that 's really something ! stage Hand ( o.s. ) ready for the finale , mister jolson ! jolson ( head out the door ) stick around , mister Glenn . we will talk about it later . pan on jolson as he leave the room . dissolve to : variety dolly in on a headline : " rumor al jolson will make the first talking picture . " below that , a sub - headline read : " broadway STAR to gamble on new invention . " CUT to : int . yoelson dine room - day papa read variety as mama sip tea . mama picture that talk ? be that possible , papa ? papa well , certainly . it 's just ... a new invention . mama but tell I , exactly , how do this work ? papa well , uh ... he motion with he hand as if form a shape , then give up . papa well , it 's very complicated , mama . you would not understand it . he look at the paper then glance up at she . dissolve to : ext . a poster - night it read : " tonight sunday concert with al jolson " dolly in on the poster . dissolve to : int . winter garden theater - night the orchestra plays " mammy . " in the back of the house jolson shake hand with glenn as steve and baron look on , both of they in tuxedos . jolson wear a suit . glenn well , Al , " the Jazz Singer " be all set . all that 's leave to do be to make the announcement . Steve Al , there 's you music ! jolson announcement ? there 's only one place to make the announcement ! he pull off he overcoat and hat , sling the coat over he arm and stride onto the runway . in the auditorium pan on jolson as he walk down the runway and greet people . jolson hi , folk . hello , Jerry ! wider angle showing the entire house . jolson continue down the runway . jolson show people be crazy . you work in the theater all week long , and on Sunday you come here . well , I be crazy , too . onstage jolson arrive on the stage . jolson tonight , folk , I be only gonna sing two thousand song -- one to a customer . I should live so long ! he toss he coat and hat to someone in the orchestra . jolson hold this , will you , Henry ?... sorry I be late tonight , folk , but we be discuss a little business deal in the back of the house . as a matter of fact , I be gonna tell ya about it right now . y'see , tomorrow I leave for Hollywood . I be go into what they call " talk picture . " do not know what 's gonna happen to I -- but if I want to come back , you will let I , will not you ? the audience applaud . jolson thanks , I will remember that . so this be a kind of a farewell . if you do not mind , I will -- I will sing till you ask I to stop ! you be not hear nothin ' yet ! more applause . jolson notice someone in the audience . jolson well , I see a rival producer sit down front . angle on the audience florence ziegfeld sit in the second row with a pretty redhead -- julie benson . jolson ( o.s. ) Mr. Ziegfeld . Ziggy , will you stand up and take a bow ? onstage jolson try and stop he ! in the audience ziegfeld rise and turn to the audience . they applaud . onstage jolson not too much , folk . not too much . he suddenly catch himself , look into the audience again . close shot - julie she look up smiling at he . onstage jolson say , Ziggy , who 's that pretty gal with you ? in the audience julie glance down diffidently . ziegfeld rise again . ziegfeld this be Julie benson , the star of my next production , " show girl . " he point to she and the audience applaud . onstage jolson ( lead forward ) Mr. Ziegfeld , you will please not advertise on my time . in the audience the audience laugh . ziegfeld smile and sit again . onstage jolson glad to know you , miss benson . she nod courteously to he . jolson look , I be give a little farewell party up at my place tonight , miss benson . I do not live very far from here . you can bring mister Ziegfeld along . Julie and Ziegfeld laugh . jolson ( to the audience ) well , what will it be ? man calling out " swanee ! " another man call out " rock -a - bye ! " jolson ( hold he hand up ) wait a second ! hold it ! I do not care what you mug want ! I want to know what miss benson would like to hear . Julie sit think and glance at Ziegfeld . jolson step onto the runway . jolson miss benson , what be you pleasure ? Julie ( after a moment ) " April shower . " the audience applaud . jolson " April shower . " ( to the conductor ) let 's not keep the lady wait , Henry . the orchestra play the intro to " april shower . " on the runway jolson sit across from julie on the runway , singing right to her . after the first line ( " though april shower may come you way " ) he add , " just for you . just for you . " she be amuse at first , but then look at he curiously . onstage after the first chorus , jolson wink to her , return to the stage and sing the chorus again with full embellishment . julie watch with a smile . when he finishes , the audience applaud and julie mime the word to he , " thank you . " jolson wave to the audience , gesture goodwill to julie then hold he hand up for quiet . jolson folk , I be callin ' the next one . I want to sing about that big , beautiful state I be go to -- and I do not mean Florida ! medium - shot - jolson dolly back as the orchestra plays the intro to " california here I come . " jolson sing it . julie watch with increasing interest , almost studying he . again , jolson doe a big finish with full embellishment . dissolve to : int . jolson's apartment - in the live room julie parodies jolson in a full song -and -dance rendition of " california here I come " to a piano accompaniment . as she sing , jolson , steve and baron ( all in tuxedos ) walk into the entryway and watch her . at the end of the song she get down on one knee and outstretch her arm . jolson walk over , take her wrist and lift her up . jolson I be afraid I will have to talk to you , my friend . pan on they as they pass other guest and exit onto a balcony . ext . balcony - night - same time they step outside and jolson close the door . julie please , mister jolson . I will never do it again . jolson you sure ? Julie ( walk to the railing ) a million imitator of Al jolson , but none of they touch the original . jolson ( walk up behind she ) uh-hmm . that 's a cute speech . you know , I would sort of like to touch you . I -- I do not know . it 's funny . I can not seem to make it . Julie that 's good . jolson you know , you get prettier every time I see you . Julie well , the first time be just a few hour ago . jolson yeah ? well , then , you get prettier since then . Julie thank you . jolson look , will you do I a big favor ? Julie what ? jolson will you marry I , miss benson ? Julie I will do you a bigger favor , mister jolson . I will not marry you . jolson I do not suppose you would , but you could think about it , huh ? of course , you would have to decide tonight . y'see , I be go to California tomorrow . Julie well , then , this last weekend belong to you friend . jolson wait ! you mean in there ? tell ya a secret . do not even know most of them . Julie how would they get there ? jolson well , it always seem to happen . y'see , I ask a few people up , and then they ask some people I never hear of , and that stranger ask some other stranger , and before you know it ... Julie ... you be sing for they . jolson yeah -- just for three or four hour . Julie ( astonished ) you mean you work till midnight and then you come home and work three or four hour more ? jolson I do not mind . Julie you mean you love it . jolson yeah , I guess I do . it 's more than just sing . I -- I do not know how to tell you . it 's ... Julie well , you do not really have to , mister jolson . jolson oh , yes -- yes I do . I gotta tell you everything ! he hear Steve 's voice call : steve ( o.s. ) Al ! three -shot - al , julie and steve steve have just opened the balcony door . steve it 's get late and the gang want -- jolson go away , Steve , I be busy ! caught a cold ! can not sing a note ! go away ! Steve look sourly at he then return to the live room . two - shot - jolson and julie she turn toward the door . julie you really ought to go in , mister jolson . jolson ( hold she arm , stop she ) no . I have get to tell you how I feel . and it 's gonna take I hour . of course , I should not be rush you like this . you will think I be kid . but look . y'see , I have be wait for something for a long time . I do not know what it be . Steve 's be try to tell I , it be about -- well , about get everything and nothing out of life . I do not know what he be talk about , and then I see you . yes sir , then I see you ! -- look , get a great idea . suppose you and I get marry and go to California together ? how about it ? Julie well , of course , I be rehearse " show girl " and we open in two week . jolson ah , yeah . that 's too bad . if it just be not for that , huh ? Julie and a few other thing . jolson go ahead , tell I . that 's what I want to know . like what ? Julie well ... ( gesture ahead ) that STREET down there . jolson Broadway ? heh , what a street ! there Pov - broadway a long shot showing light blazing at night . back to scene jolson y'know something , baby ? it belong to I . and y'know something else ? if you want it , I will give it to you ! Julie well , that 's the point , and -- it 's yours , all right . it 's you whole life , too . but I do not think it will ever be mine . jolson why , it 's gonna say " Julie benson " down there in great big light . do you mean to say you do not want that ? Julie oh , yes , I want that . I be just normal enough to want that . jolson sure . you be just a little scared now . wait will you get some confidence ! you will begin to love it , begin to feel it in you blood ! Julie that 's the big difference . jolson what 's the big difference ? Julie it be in you blood when you be bear . but I be just a pretty good hoofer , and I get a lucky break . all I know be , I -- I want a lot besides this . jolson like what , Julie ? gotta know . Julie well , in the first place , like -- like a real home . jolson sure , everybody want a home . Julie Nah , you would not care for the kind I be think of . jolson why not ? why would not I ? Julie it would have to be far enough away -- maybe way out in the country -- so that by the time you get there , and close the door , you would have forget all about show business . jolson it 's funny . all of a sudden that 's what I have always want , to close a door . I will tell ya something , Julie . I know just the spot . it 's up in Westchester . acre of pretty land , tree all around . Steve 's voice interrupt they again : steve ( o.s. ) Al ! three shot - jolson , julie and steve jolson go away , Steve . feeling worse all the time . go away . Steve start to turn away . jolson tell Ziggy I will see miss benson home . Julie it 's really get pretty late , mister jolson . Steve go inside again and close the door . two - shot - jolson and julie jolson late ? but , baby , I be go away tomorrow , and we be just get place . ( motion with he head ) come here , sit down . oh , look , can you cut out that " mister jolson ? " why do not you just call I by my southern name : honey . he wink to she and walk she off . CUT to : ext . broadway - night a panorama of the entire area with light blazing . dissolve to : ext . broadway - day the same view but now bathed in daylight . morning have come . dissolve to : int . jolson's live room - day steve , still in he tuxedo , lie asleep on the couch . the SOUND of a door open awaken he . jolson and julie walk in from the balcony . jolson I know what 's the trouble , baby . you just do not believe I . you do not believe I want anything different . and I be tryin ' to tell you , honey , I be barging through this great , big , beautiful world like a fool ! Julie oh , I do believe you , honey . but I always think I would like to fall in love with the man I be go to marry . jolson ( walk off with she ) oh , you be absolutely right , and I be not gonna rush you , baby . Steve look up from the couch incredulous at what he 's hearing . jolson ( o.s. ) in fact , y'know something ? we will not get marry till I get back from California . how 's that ? Steve look off at they in disbelief . fade out . fade in : ext . passenger train - day the train race along the track . dissolve to : ext . train station - day dolly in as jolson alight from the train and a studio assistant shake he hand . dissolve to : ext . studio - day dolly in on a convertible car , with jolson in the back seat , stopping at a studio gate . the gate say simply : " studio . " jolson shake hand with the guard . dissolve to : int . gleno' office - day jolson and glenn shake hand . dissolve to : int . studio - day dolly back on a script that say " the jazz singer - final script . " a pair of hand be passing it to jolson . dissolve to : int . dressing room - day dolly in as hair and make - up men work on jolson's face . dissolve to : int . SOUND stage - screen test - series of shot - long shot : jolson sit on a chair in a darkened set as technician # 1 point upward . - medium close shot : technician # 2 turn on a klieg light . - medium shot : jolson wince at the bright light . technician # 1 gesture to the other to AIM the light lower . - medium close shot : technician # 3 turn on another klieg light . - medium shot : jolson wince again . - medium long shot : technician # 4 turn on another klieg light . - close -up : jolson wince again . - medium shot : technician # 5 turn on another klieg light . - close -up : jolson wince again . - medium shot : dolly in on a camera with two cinematographers working it . - medium close shot : a technician hold a slate in front of jolson's face . jolson be eye glance down at it : " wardrobe make - up test name : al jolson prod . jazz singer " - dolly in close on the camera . - dolly in close on jolson's face . he smile . dissolve to : int . jolson's HOTEL suite - live room - day jolson , wearing a shirt , tie and bathrobe , be talking on the phone . jolson Julie ? hello , darling . how be you ? how would the dress rehearsal go ? int . julie' dressing room - day julie be on the phone . julie Fine , Al ... oh yes , honest . but open tomorrow night will be something else again . I be scared to death . in jolson's live room jolson ah , you get nothing to be scared about , honey . you be gonna be wonderful ... yeah , I be still at the studio , work hard . we shoot pretty soon ... oh , it 's gonna be all right , I think , when I find out which end of the camera 's which ... listen , baby , get a good night 's sleep and do not worry , you hear ? you be gonna knock them dead ! wider angle - jolson's live room a wider angle reveal jolson sitting on a couch and steve sitting across from he in a chair , reading a script . jolson ( into phone ) yeah , I will call you again tomorrow night . Goodbye , angel . jolson hang up . steve she all right ? jolson she say she 's scared . she sound it . -- Steve , if I get a plane -- a special plane to fly right through -- I could be in New York for that open tomorrow night . Steve what can you do in New York ? jolson I do not know , but I wanna be there . get on that phone , Steve ! get the plane ! dolly in as they walk into jolson 's dress room . steve you can not walk out on the studio like this ! jolson be back in two day and work twice as hard . Steve but Al ...! jolson ( take he robe off ) oh , and phone Ziegfeld . tell he to hold I a seat and not to tell Julie I be come . jolson walk around a corner . Steve pace back into the live room , pick up a phone and start to dial . dissolve to : int . a spinning program cover it come to a stop and read : " florence ziegfeld , JR . present show girl star julie benson . " we hear a male chorus sing the open bar of " liza . " dissolve to : int . theater - night ziegfeld lead jolson down a aisle to two vacant seat . they sit beside each other . the chorus keep singing . long shot - the stage a dozen chorus men in blue suit point up at julie , who stand , all in gold , on the top step of a series of disk . medium shot - julie dolly in tight as she hold her arm out . in the audience jolson leans forward , watching . high angle on the disk julie start dancing as the men start singing the chorus of " liza . " in the audience jolson still leans forward . ziegfeld tap he arm to signal he to sit back in he seat . long shot - the stage julie start dancing down the series of disk . angle on the disk julie continue down three disk then make a wrong turn and almost fall . medium shot _- julie catch herself , frightened , and stop dancing . in the audience jolson watch anxiously . medium close shot - julie still hasn't caught her bearing . in the audience suddenly jolson rise and start to sing " liza " with the orchestra . julie hear he and happily resume dancing . when she reach the bottom disk , she jump into the AIR . the men catch her in a sitting position and bounce her to her feet ; she twirl a few time then pose grandly for the finish . the audience applaud . julie blows jolson a kiss as the curtain come down . dissolve to : int . julie' dressing room - night the entire room be full of flowers . julie walk in with her dresser and doe a double -take . jolson rise from a chair across from her . jolson hello , baby . Julie hello , honey . she go to he and they embrace and kiss . dissolve to : int . steve's bedroom - night steve be asleep in bed . the phone ring , awakening he . he roll over and answer it . steve ( into phone ) hello ?... who ?... Al ! ( rise to he elbow ) how be you ? tell I , how would it go ?... what ? I can not hear ya !... Connecticut ! what be you do in Connecticut ...?! ( sit up shocked ) you what ? dissolve to : int . yoelson live room - day jolson stand in the doorway with julie . jolson meet miss jolson . reverse angle mama and papa look on a few feet away . mama oh , my ! mama run to Julie and hug she ; papa run to jolson and hug he . papa asa ! mama ( to Julie ) I be so -- I be so happy , dear ! papa ( tapping mama 's shoulder ) mama ! mama , please . please give I a chance ! mama move over to hug jolson while papa hug Julie . dissolve to : int . yoelson dine room - night the foursome -- jolson , mama , julie and papa -- sit at the table eating . mama I do not understand . married a few hour , he run to California -- jolson it will just take I a couple of month to make this picture , mama . then I will be home . Julie and that 's where he 's gonna stay . [ papa lean forward and say something but there be no sound . the next shot start with jolson nodd in acknowledgement of what papa say . ] mama asa stay home ? that will be a miracle . papa Julie , there 's only one thing the matter with asa . he 's get to sing . it 's a wonderful thing . success be beautiful . but mama and I have worried , because a home with love in it be even better . jolson the way you say that be a little corny , papa , but you be right . Julie agree with you . what do you think we be gonna do ? we be gonna build a real home and settle down -- out in the country where it 's nice and quiet , nothing but cricket and frog . Julie I will teach the frog to sing " mammy " so Al will not be lonely . the other laugh . jolson thank ya , honey . papa asa , be you serious ? jolson sure . in fact , Julie do not know this yet . I have get a architect at work . Julie Al ! jolson I tell he , " build a house for Julie . the sky 's the limit . " papa well , that I approve of . mama so do i. ( she hand Julie a plate ) here . here , have some gefilte fish with the horseradish , Julie . jolson look out for the horseradish , honey . that stuff will curl you hair . -- y'know , I think we will have a barn mama . and some cow . gonna milk them myself . papa you ? Julie take a forkful of gefilte fish and coat it in horseradish . mama you milk cow , asa ? papa you have to get up at five o'clock ! Julie well , we will keep the cow up at night so they will sleep later in the morning . everyone laugh . Julie take the bite of gefilte fish . jolson ( in a panic ) Julie , you have get too much ! she shake she head then suddenly swallow and gag . she cover her mouth with a napkin as jolson hand her a glass of water . she drink . fade out . fade in : variety a page turn to reveal a ad : " a exciting event ! World premiere show tonight al jolson in the jazz singer the first talking picture winter garden theatre . " at the same time we hear a orchestra play the intro to " there's a rainbow ' round my shoulder . " dissolve to : int . winter garden theatre - night the jolson party sit in a BOX watching the movie ( jolson , julie , steve , mama , papa and glenn ) . we never actually see the movie they 're watching . we hear the " movie jolson " start to sing the song . jolson start humming along in harmony with himself . a grumpy man in the row behind they get increasingly irritate and finally blurt out : grumpy man let jolson sing it , mister . he 's do all right . jolson ( smile back at he ) think so ? jolson stop sing but excitedly sway in he seat to the music . when the song end , the audience around he applaud and he look back at they . dissolve to : int . jolson live room - night baron sit at a grand piano reading a copy of variety ; mama , papa and julie surround the piano , all with there own copy . papa ( read aloud ) " ' Jazz Singer ' mark the end of silent picture . " mama ( read aloud ) " first talk picture sensation . " papa I have follow show business for many year , but I must say I have never see a thing like this . mama oh- ho , my expert . Baron I have not see anything like it either , cantor . mama ( look at she watch ) ooh , it 's almost three o'clock . where 's asa ? Julie well , you know what a half - hour business talk be , mama . you should really go to sleep . Tom and I will wait up for they . papa who can sleep on a night like this ? jolson enter . Steve follow . julie Al ! she run over and give he a hug . jolson ( embrace she ) hello , everybody . gee , we do not realize how late it be . papa asa , do you see the papers ? jolson yeah , we see they in Glenn 's office . they're -- they be really something . papa " something , " he say ! jolson ( to Julie ) I be sorry , baby . I want to celebrate tonight , but -- well , you see , honey , we -- we get to talk about -- Julie I know . they want you to go right back to the Coast and make another picture . jolson how would you know ? Steve that be tough to figure out . jolson well , they argue this way . this first talk picture will be a great hit and it ought to be follow up with another one right away . Julie they be right , Al . I think you ought to go . jolson but that 's the point , baby . I would have to go all by myself again . you can not leave you show in the middle of a run . papa watch they , aware a conflict be build into they relationship . julie well , we will just have to wait a little while longer . Baron ( rise , concerned ) what happen to the new Winter Garden show ? Steve that wait like Julie do . jolson yeah , Tom . we will talk about that later . mama wait a minute . Julie will be here , asa in California . so where will you build you house ? in Kansas City ? jolson and Julie both laugh jolson do not worry , mama . we will build it . ( to Julie ) ah , you be terrific to take it this way , baby . it 's another bad break , but it will not be for long . ( hugging she ) ah , gee , then you will get everything you want , angel . ( back up ) in fact , listen . while I be go , you go ahead with the house , see ? get it ready . start building it and start teach that frog how to sing " mammy . " they both laugh and then they embrace and kiss . dissolve to : ext . a poster - night dolly in . it picture julie and read : " show girl julie benson final week . " dissolve to : int . julie' dressing room - day she be on the phone . a framed photo of jolson rest on a table -top . julie yes , we be close Saturday , Al . it 's definite . int . jolson be HOTEL room - same time at the other end of the line , he recline on a couch . a framed photo of julie be on a table -top . jolson Julie , I want you to fly out here the minute you be through . intercut - jolson and julie julie ( disappointed ) you be come east when you be through . jolson a little change in plan , baby . dolly in as he look at she picture . jolson a big surprise . Julie but Al ! jolson be on that plane no later than Sunday . I be die to see you . Julie ( laugh ) California here I come ! fade out . fade in : int . jolson's rented mansion - day jolson show julie into the giant entrance hall . steve follows with glenn . the hire staff look on ( henry the butler , alice the maid , a woman in black and a maid in black ) . jolson here we be , baby . Home . ha-ha ! this be really something ! Steve ( to Henry ) hiya , Henry . jolson ( to the other ) oh , meet miss jolson . great to have she here , be not it ? ( take Julie 's coat ) here , baby . let I take this . he toss it to the woman in black . jolson let 's , uh -- oh , ya want something , baby ? ya want to clean up ? want something to eat ? Henry will rustle up some grub for ya . Julie no , I do not want a thing . jolson come on , let 's go inside then . come on , fella . pan on they as they pass through a archway into the live room . int . live room - same time jolson and julie enter followed by steve and glenn . jolson ah , it 's be a long time , honey . here , wait a minute , let I look at you . he turn she by the shoulder and look into she face . jolson never gonna let you out of my sight again . Julie good for you . they kiss . steve ( to Glenn ) sit down , Dick . this may take a little time . pan on the party as Julie lead they further into the room . a grand piano come into view near a large window . julie ( look around ) hmm . a little large , be not it ? jolson well , it -- it be not exactly small . Steve y'see , they use to play football here before they build the coliseum . the other laugh . jolson ah , no , honey . you would not care for a place like this , but do not let it get you down . Julie darling , since we do not have to stay here very long , I just love it . jolson ( a force laugh ) yeah , that 's right . and yet , on the other hand , baby , y'know ... he turn she toward the couch . jolson come here . sit down . get something to tell ya . Julie ( sit on the couch ) on the other hand , what ? Steve on the other hand , he 's talk through he hat ! ( catch himself ) ( more ) Steve ( cont would ) oh , uh -- uh -- we have a little dinner plan , Julie , and -- jolson forget it , Steve . forget what we arrange . I can not wait , gotta tell she now . jolson sit on the couch beside she . julie what go on here ? jolson now , honey . talk picture be here for good . they be get better all the time . in a couple of year , they will have audience nobody ever dream about . the studio 's get terrific plan . all I know be , a man would have to be insane to walk away from this now . Julie Al , you go and do it . jolson what ? Julie you buy a house out here . jolson no ! Julie or you be building one -- jolson no , no ! Julie with sink garden . jolson no ! jolson get up laugh . julie that be the surprise you talk about . jolson no , honest . Steve you be not hear nothin ' yet , Julie . jolson you say it ! jolson get down on one knee . jolson now , baby . now , listen . Julie Al , be you gonna sing " mammy ? " jolson quit clownin ' . look . you do not think I would ask you to give up the stage and dance and just have you come out here and settle down ? Julie I might consider it . jolson no , but I would not let you do that . you be too terrific . in fact , do you know what picture need ? talent , and something beautiful at the same time , like you . Julie whoa ! wait a minute ! jolson listen , show business be here now , baby . you belong in it -- you and I both . and if we be together , who care where we live ? the world 's gotta hear about you , honey . you name on billboard in ninety - seven language . the great star picture ever have ! you can not miss . ( to Glenn ) where 's the document , Dick ? you do not forget to bring it ? Glenn hand jolson a blue-backed contract . glenn it 's right here . jolson ( tapping Glenn 's chest ) you studio 's about to own the biggest hunk of talent in the land . ( to Julie ) papa 's be work on this contract for week , honey . ( he sit beside she ) it 's all ready to sign . Steve wait a minute ! Julie have not say anything ! Julie ( dumbfounded ) well , I -- I can not think of anything . jolson there you be . Steve maybe she do not want she name in more than seventeen language . or maybe none . jolson Julie , do not listen to this guy . for week he 's squawk about I rush you into this . Steve and Julie , this guy be out of he mind about picture . the latest type of jolson rocket have take off . I have be riding that dizzy thing for year . it 's all right with I , but maybe you have something a little slower in mind . jolson baby , what 's he talk about ? Julie have not the faintest idea . ( to Steve ) my dear mister Martin , picture need talent . and what girl would take seventeen language when she can have ninety - seven ? ( start to take she glove off ) shall I sign this now , mister jolson ? jolson laugh and give she a hug and kiss . jolson thanks , Steve . you talk she into it . here you be , baby . get a pen , Dick ? we be gonna do this right now . Steve look at Julie . she return the look , then turn to Glenn . jolson call the studio . miss jolson be ready for she first star vehicle ! dissolve to : series of shot - julie' first movie throughout these shot , a orchestral version of " lullaby of broadway " be heard . - zoom in on a rehearsal call sheet . dissolve to : - dolly in on a door labele " rehearsal stage 3 . " the door open . dissolve to : - int . rehearsal hall : julie dance in front of a mirror as a pianist plays . dissolve to : - medium shot of julie' legs dancing . dissolve to : - medium close shot of julie' legs dancing . dissolve to : - julie wipe the back of her neck with a towel . dissolve to : - zoom in on another rehearsal call sheet . dissolve to : - medium shot of julie dancing . dissolve to : - medium close shot of her legs dancing , reflected in a mirror with a " infinite regression " effect . dissolve to : - close -up : julie spin around at the end of the dance . dissolve to : ext . a theater - night klieg light shine in front of a theater where the marquee read : " julie benson 42nd STREET . " dissolve to : a scene from " forty - second STREET " julie dance on a stage with a chorus of men and they sing " she' a latin from manhattan . " dissolve to : hollywood reporter a page bear the paper' logo be in a typewriter . someone have typed , in black ribbon , " movie review - forty second STREET . " below that be a sub - headline in red : " julie benson a new sensation . " below that , the keys be typing , " tonight when forty - second " ... dissolve to : int . jolson's rented house - julie' dressing room - night julie sit on a large chair ; jolson , steve and glenn surround her , all holding champagne glass . a bottle of champagne be in a bucket near steve . jolson ( toast ) here 's to the real star of this family . Julie I will have a drink to that ! I think I be pretty good ! Glenn and now to Julie 's next picture . Julie no , wait . let 's not even think about it ! not another one , not right away . I could not go through all that work again . jolson ah , ya can not stop now , sweetheart . you be up there ! do another one right away and prove the first one be not a fluke . you will not mind the next one , honey . you be use to it now . Steve and after the first dozen you will not mind anything . Julie Dozen ? dissolve to : montage - julie' career throughout the montage we hear a orchestral version of " we're in the money . " - julie' legs dance in yellow short during a rehearsal superimposed over call sheet , finger playing a keyboard and drumstick hitting a drum . again , her legs be reflected in a mirror creating a " infinite regression " effect . dissolve to : - julie dance in a rehearsal hall in blue jeans as a man plays a upright piano behind her . CUT to : - julie' face as she spin around dancing . dissolve to : - a poster which read : " julie benson in ' shipmate forever . ' " dissolve to : - julie' legs dancing in a mirror again ; this time she wear a white skirt . dissolve to : - drumstick hit a drum . dissolve to : - julie dance in a rehearsal hall in black short . dissolve to : - another poster : " julie benson in ' dame . ' " dolly back . during the shot , superimpose finger playing a piano . then fade out on everything . fade in : int . jolson's rented house - night julie walk upstair in a expensive bathrobe . in b.g. we hear jolson singing " avalon " on the radio . steve hurrie to catch up with her ; he wear a suit . steve Julie ! ( take she arm ) my mother say , " always be kind to tired lady , especially when they be pretty . " ( they walk up some step ) be the mob get you down , babe ? Julie oh , no . I like people , Steve . I just wish sometimes there be not so many of they . Steve funny how they never get tired listen to he , night after night . Julie not so funny . he 's a pretty remarkable fella . the song on the radio end to applause . steve that he be . well , pretty soon now , you and Al will wash up this picture and you be both gonna knock off for a long rest . Julie that will take a miracle , Steve . when I be finish , he 's in the middle of one , and vice versa . we will never come out together . they reach the top of the stair . steve then somebody 's get to quit for once and wait for the other guy . Julie no wait , no delay in the life of the jolson . Steve just a matter of put you foot down once . Julie he will know the right time , Steve . he 's happy , so be i. ( tap he tummy ) and it 's not nice to put you foot down . ( pinch he cheek ) good night , my friend . she turn toward the bedroom . steve Julie , remember that plan you have for that house in the east ? Julie ( stop ) yeah . Steve well , I just happen to think of that the other day . why do not you find a piece of land out in the country around here , over in the Valley , for instance , and get the thing build ? you would get a big kick out of that , would not you ? Julie ( turn back ) oh , I do not know , Steve . that be just a romantic idea I once have . what 's wrong with this house ? it 's get marble , even . ( pat he shoulder ) good night , Steve . I be absolutely dead . she go into the room and close the door . dissolve to : montage - julie continue to work throughout the montage we hear generic fanfare music : - close shot of a drum roll . fade in a superimposition of julie' legs dancing again , in black short . dissolve to : - julie' head whirl around . super over it a billboard : " julie benson in ' gold digger . ' " within the super , dissolve from her face to her legs and dolly out on the poster . dissolve to : - finger play a piano keyboard again . fade in a super of julie in a flowered dress holding a parasol . dissolve to : - another billboard : " julie benson in ' flirtation walk . ' " superimpose over it dancing couple . dissolve to : int . gleno' office - day medium shot of jolson looking down . jolson oh , I agree with you , baby . no more contract . I have tell Dick how you feel . dolly back to include Glenn behind he desk , Julie in a chair across from he and Steve pace behind they . jolson but this last one , honey . this be not just another one . this be you and I in the same picture . that 's one thing I have always have my heart set on . when we have do that , we have do everything . then we blow this town , do anything you want . Glenn the script be ready , Julie . jolson and it 's good . Glenn you could shoot in a month . Julie yeah -- a hard month of dance rehearsals . jolson Julie , but this will be fun . Steve Al , why do not you go away for a year or so and do this thing when you come back ? jolson ah , that 's no good ! jolson lean forward brace on the arm of Julie 's chair . jolson say " yes , " Julie ! Steve you can say " no , " too . you be a citizen . jolson ah , shut up , Steve . tight two - shot - jolson and julie jolson huh ? Julie smile and nod she head . a orchestra play the intro to " a quarter to nine " come up . dissolve to : ext . a poster - night as the music continue , the poster read : " julie benson al jolson in ' go into you dance . ' " pasted over that be the word : " world premiere tonight . " dissolve to : a scene from " go into you dance " jolson sing " a quarter to nine " as he dance with julie . dissolve to : int . jolson's rented house - night henry wait at the OPEN door as jolson , julie and steve enter the house . julie good evening . jolson Henry . Henry how be the picture ? Julie it be really wonderful . Steve Henry , it be a mild sensation . Henry oh , I would glad . pan on jolson as he walk to the entrance to the live room , surprised . the room be empty . jolson ( look back ) hey , there 's nobody here ? reverse angle dolly back on steve and julie as they walk through the entrance hall . steve well , what do you know ? a big jolson preview and no mob wait at home ! jolson what do you suppose happen ? Julie well , it -- it could be I . jolson it could be you ? Julie well , I tell Henry to tell any caller that we go straight from the theater to Santa Barbara for the weekend . suppose that do it ? jolson you be kid . the doorbell ring . julie shh ! she close the door to the entrance hall as Henry go to the front door . julie show you how it work . listen . Henry 's Voice ( o.s. ) sorry . mister and miss jolson leave for Santa Barbara . man' voice ( o.s. ) oh , that 's too bad . say we stop by , will you ? good night , Henry . Henry 's voice ( o.s. ) good night . they hear the front door close . julie simple . jolson sweetheart , that 's cute . Julie should have think of it a long time ago . you do not really mind , do you , Al ? jolson mind ? Julie you see , tonight 's a different night . the last picture 's finish . we be free . not a contract in the world . Steve the governor send the pardon . Julie that 's right . so I think a quiet evening around the fire , discuss plan for the future . ( take they arm ) look , sandwich , coffee ... reverse angle she walk they further into the room . julie ... and we will play some record by a fella name all jolson . very talented . jolson ah , that guy 's wash up . have not even get a picture contract . Steve sit in a chair . julie have some coffee , Steve ? Steve thanks , Julie . I believe I will . jolson walk up to she as she pour a cup for Steve . jolson y'know , honey , you sound like a gal with a program all figure out . Julie uh-hmm . first we shake this town for point east . maybe farther east than that -- across the Atlantic , who know ? -- cream for you , steve. ( she add cream to he cup ) and when that 's out of we system , there 's a little matter of building that house . dolly back as jolson sit on a couch across from Steve . Julie hand Steve he coffee and start to pour a cup for herself . steve that I gotta see if I never see another house in the world . jolson y'know , I kinda get a hankerin ' to see it myself . Julie I be glad to hear that , because I can have it up in no time . I know every room in the place . I have even get it furnish . just one thing : in we travel to find the right place to put that house . jolson you , uh -- you do not mean the east , do ya , baby ? she almost respond but hesitates . steve that be the original idea . why change it ? jolson we have get use to this country out here . I like it . I do not know , it feel more like home than any place in the world . and it do not matter too much to you , do it , sweetheart ? Julie ( a pause ) no , not really . and if it do to you , Al ... jolson well , do not put it that way , honey . there 's nothing so special you want in the east , be there ? Julie well , no . that 's true . that settles it . it 's go to be here . jolson wonderful . Julie ( to Steve ) and you keep quiet . jolson sit on the couch again . Julie sit beside he . julie only , Al ... we could get out in the country a little way , could not we ? jolson sure , why not ? Julie thanks . ( kiss he cheek ) that 's all I want . Steve with no number on the house and a couple of vicious dog in the yard , you can keep the caller down to practically nothing . jolson laugh . steve well , this be Friday . what about train ticket out of here , say , Sunday ? Julie I can be ready tomorrow , but Sunday will have to do . jolson hey , what 's the rush ? let 's give ourselves a little time . let 's say a week or so . Julie what will we want with a week or so ? jolson no kid . a week would wrap up everything fine for I . Julie what have you get to wrap up ? Steve ( rise ) nothing . he just think he have . nothing important at all . ( to jolson , quickly ) have a cup of coffee , Al . it 's great . Julie look , boy , be something cooking ? Steve no , there 's nothing cooking . jolson no , baby , it be just a idea , that 's all . there 's a proposition come at we about put a company together and make we own picture . and -- Steve , look over Julie 's shoulder , wave to jolson to be quiet . jolson ( add quickly ) oh , nothing definite , just talk about it . of course , in a week or so , it could gel . it might be a pretty exciting thing to come back to . and , well -- that 's all it be . Julie ( hold he arm ) sorry , darling . no gell . first thing you know , you have set a date to make a picture . then we will have to travel with one eye on the calendar -- jolson I promise you , baby . Julie or something just as bad : talk about a picture all the time we be go . jolson no , sir . not a peep . give you my word . Julie Fine , darling . but -- well , I know this be silly , but it 's -- it 's get to be a sort of principle . once we do say we be go to quit for a while -- jolson oh , who say we be not ? Julie well , then whatever this proposition be , it will still be there in three month , or six month -- Steve and just as hot , so why bother now ? why do not you lay off , Al ? jolson ( pace away ) wow ! what a beat I be take here ! ( turn back ) but look , honey . remember I ? this be jolson . I go with the principle every time . but all I be talk about be a couple of day ! Julie but when you want to spend they that way , Al , that 's where the principle be ! it be not the day . ( more ) Julie ( cont would ) it do not have anything to do with time . ( cry ) if you can not see that , Al , I would not know how to -- ( wipe she eye ) Holy smoke , this be a kid stunt , be not it ? jolson look at she amaze . julie I will be right back . Julie run off . in the doorway julie open the door to the entrance hall and hurrie out of view . in the live room jolson first time I ever see Julie cry . must be something wrong with I , I guess , Steve , huh ? Steve yeah . have be for a long time . jolson give Steve a hard look then walk off . int . julie' dressing room - night she sit in front of a mirror crying . in the mirror we see jolson open the door behind her and entering . he take a few step toward her . julie Al , you be go to hate to stop work and go away , be not you ? jolson no , baby . Julie it 's go to be awfully tough , be not it ? not sing always be . and here I be ask you to go away without any plan , without even any work to come back to . jolson honest , it do not matter that much , baby . you know how it be when a old fire horse hear the bell . Julie I do not say it be you fault . ( rise and face he ) that 's not what I be try to say . what we have get to discuss be you and I . jolson Julie -- Julie please , Al , just listen hard for once , will you ? ( she turn away ) you see , I be like somebody with one desperate chance leave . I could not go on this way if I want to . that mean you would have to change . you would have to get off this merry - go-round and quit for once , for a long time . and I know you would make promise and try to keep they . but I would know how you feel . and I could not have any happiness out of wishing the tiniest misery on you . so you see , Al , any way you look at it , there 's get to be misery for both of we . and the way we feel about each other , and rather than let that die a slow , painful death , I think we ought to have the courage to quit now . jolson that 's the one thing that can not happen , baby . Julie ( turn to he ) be honest , Al . jolson I never understand a thing . she walk past he . he speak to she from behind . jolson look , Julie . you have hear of fella who hit the bottle and wind up hopeless drunk . well , whatever drive I that way and will not let I understand , it 's the same thing . I have be like a fella who 's be drunk all he life . and you know , a guy like that will get so bad he will pass up the thing he want more than anything else in the world . Julie you do not have to tell I how you feel about I , Al . I know that . jolson no , listen , baby . I do have to tell you because , listen . I have be kick around in my time . I think I could take anything . but have you say you want to quit because -- well , look , baby . if it mean lose you , it be not even a contest . I do not want any part of any more contract , or show , or any sing in the world . Julie Al , you can not make I a gift of you whole life . I just could not take it . jolson no , look , baby . it 's give you nothing , except this show business , and that 's cheat I all my life . it stand to cheat I right now , because I know what would happen . I would just go on the same way , work my head off , live everybody 's life but my own , and at the same time lose the only thing I be lucky to get out of it . I know what you be think , baby . I be kid myself and do not know it . well , maybe yes . I -- I do not know . when you have be like I have all my life like a drunk , you can not quit all of a sudden . sometimes you crave the stuff . dolly in closer as he turn she around . jolson but I be sober now , baby . and I want you to help I . if I start yell , hit I over the head , tie I down . because when you go , baby , I get nothing leave . so be a pal , Julie . do what I ask you . he hug she tightly . dissolve to : ext . jolson be encino home - day a car drive up the road to a ranch house . dissolve to : int . jolson be encino home - day jolson carry julie in over the threshold . henry hold the door OPEN for he . alice stand nearby . jolson hello , Henry . Henry Sir , welcome . Steve follow they inside and Henry close the door . jolson ( look around ) honey , it 's a miracle ! why , it fall from heaven . Julie hey , you be over the threshold , you fool . put I down . laugh , jolson set she down . steve it 's a sensational job , Julie . Julie thank you , boy . thank you . ( turn back to the servant ) oh , Alice , Henry , the house look beautiful . you have do a wonderful job . but , look , you have work hard enough now . so why do not you take the rest of the day off ? jolson yeah , that 's right . go ahead . Julie and do not worry about dinner . we will get a snack straight out of the kitchen . jolson Kitchen snack . that 's for I . Henry shall I take the bag up now ? Julie no - no - no , do not worry about it . we will take care of it . jolson yeah , so long , Henry . have a good time . Henry and Alice exit out a back door ( presumably to the servant 's quarter ) . meanwhile jolson notice a checker table and clap he hand together . jolson wow ! checker . ( head for the table ) I use to be a champ back in Washington . come on , honey , I will play you a game . Julie okay ! they sit at the table . Steve look on cantankerously . steve checker ? now ? you just come in ! how about unpack ?! jolson ah , we get month to unpack ! Julie month ! Steve shrug and turn away . meanwhile jolson notice the fireplace . jolson hey , wood and everything ! I will light a fire . ( walk to the fireplace ) we will play right over here , nice and cozy . Steve it 's not cold enough for a fire ! jolson strike a match and light some kindling . julie if he want to light a fire in he own home , he certainly can . jolson that 's tell he , baby ! honey , move that lamp off . we will bring the table right up here . Steve , get this one out of the way . Steve ( reach for the table ) what will I do with it ? jolson put it anyplace . Steve pick up the coffee table . just then the phone ring . julie oh , get that , will ya , Steve ? Steve stop and look around . julie in the library . she point off to the side . Steve turn back to put the table down where he find it and bump into jolson . jolson put it there . -- Steve , the phone ! the phone ! Steve set the table down and walk off . jolson and Julie move the checker table over to the fire . jolson huh-huh ! let 's take that telephone out , Julie , huh ? Julie do not be silly . we have get to have a telephone . jolson ( pull up a chair ) why ? people get along without they for thousand of year . anybody want to get in touch with we , let them do it by carrier pigeon . Julie pull she chair up . jolson laugh and kiss she lip . jolson we have retire , sweetheart . come on , sit down . I will play you for , uh -- I will play you for who 's go to be boss in the house . they both sit at the table . steve walk in from the library . steve it 's Dick Glenn , the studio . jolson not here . Steve he want to wish you luck in the new home . jolson tell he thanks . -- oh , and Steve , if the studio have this telephone number , change it . ( he move a white piece ) you move , baby . Steve go back into the library . wider angle - taking in the fireplace julie move a black piece . julie Big fire , be not it ? jolson yeah , it sure be . ( feel the heat ) uh , want to move this way a little bit , baby ? Julie all right . they move the table further from the fireplace . Steve walk back in and look at the table . julie cozy , huh , Steve ? Steve ( unbutton he coat and fan himself with it ) for a turkish bath , it 's very nice . jolson uh , be it a little warm in here , baby ? Julie it be , a little . jolson ( put he hand under the table ) hmm ? he and Julie move the table still further from the fireplace . Steve continue fan himself , then look down at they in consternation . steve there 's nothing like a five - alarm fire on a nice spring day . Julie ( to jolson ) you know , darling , I never want this table in the live room . it should be in the library . it 's much cozier in there . jolson you want to move in there now , honey ? Julie yeah , let 's . jolson and Julie pick up the table . jolson we will be with you in a minute , Steve . just sit down and relax . it 's you home , too , y'know . they walk off with the table . Steve look back at the fire that now burn only for he . he take off he jacket , undoe he tie and sink back in a chair . dissolve to : series of shot - magazine article - close shot of the title : " the jolson in retirement : mammy singer find happiness back in he own back yard . " zoom out to show the whole article , which include a photograph of jolson and julie playing with a dog . dissolve to : - close shot of the title : " the jolson say they 've just begun to live . " zoom out to show the whole article , including the MAIN headline : " al and julie off to see the world " and a photograph of they waving as they board a train . dissolve to : - close shot of the title : " al and julie still remembered after two year . " tilt down to show a photograph of they sitting at a table cover in fan mail and the caption : " fan mail heavy after two - year absence from screen . " dissolve to : ext . jolson be encino home - backyard patio - day jolson sit on a chaise lounge wearing a turtleneck and sport coat and reading a fan letter . jolson New Zealand . " go into you dance " be play there lately . hmm , funny . still hearing from place like that after all this time . dolly back to reveal Steve seat in a chair across from he read a script . steve it 's the fan letter from China I like to read . jolson where 's Julie ? Steve she will be back . jolson for lunch ? Steve that 's what she say . jolson well , where would she go ? Steve into town . I do not know . jolson well , why do not she tell I ? I could have go along for the ride . Steve you folk ' wedding anniversary tomorrow . you will phone them , huh ? jolson yeah . I wish we would have go east and celebrate . Steve Julie want to go and you say " no . " jolson I know . I just do not feel like it then . we should have bring the folk out to California for they anniversary this year . we talk about do it every year , and never do . it would have be nice . Steve nod . jolson get up and pace across the patio . jolson ah , I wish Julie have tell I where she be go . Steve she will be here in a little while . look , Al ... Steve get up and approach he . steve this manuscript of Baron 's new show . do you want to change you mind and read it , or shall I send it back ? jolson ( impatient ) I do not know . better send it back . Steve he 's wire about it twice . jolson well , why do not he stop wiring ? we have tell he fifty time in this last year I be not interested in any show . Steve wait a minute , Al . Tom know that . all he want be you opinion , and any idea you might have . jolson ( glance at the script ) well , tell he I be sorry , Steve . I do not want to read it . have not the patience . Steve turn away . angle on the doorway just then julie step out onto the patio . julie hello , Al . jolson stop and turn , smiling . jolson there she be -- he suddenly freeze . in the doorway mama and papa step around the corner . julie surprise ! Steve ( o.s. ) surprise ! angle on jolson he be dumbfounded . jolson mama ! papa ! he run to they . mama asa ! they embrace , then jolson turn to papa . papa asa ! they embrace . jolson ah , what a surprise ! who think of this ? Julie Steve . Steve ( walk up to they ) Julie . papa mama . mama no , papa . papa well , look . he 's gonna cry . jolson ah , go away ! he turn and hug mama again . mama a big boy like he ! she and Steve laugh . dissolve to : ext . patio - day the family ( jolson , steve , julie , papa and mama ) sit around a table eating as henry goe inside . papa ( with a sigh ) this be the life . you know , mama , if I try , I could get use to this . the other laugh . jolson you go right ahead and try , papa . Henry return with a tray and serve some food to mama . julie that 's right . you and mama ought to move out here . a doorbell ring . julie Henry , will you see who that be , please ? Henry nod and leave the table . julie ( to mama and papa ) you know , we have get acre of land . we will build you a house right next door . mama next door ? and how would papa get to a synagogue on the sabbath ? papa you know , on the sabbath , you must not ride . Steve it would be a long walk back to Washington , especially two trip a week . the other laugh . in the doorway henry walk outside followed by baron . henry mister Baron . Baron hello , everybody ! Julie get up and give he a kiss . julie Tom , how wonderful to see you ! jolson meanwhile look up glaring at he . steve ( go to he ) hello , Tom . you be look fine . where would you drop from ? Baron New York , Steve . how be you ? papa ( rise ) mister Baron . Baron ( shaking he head ) cantor , please sit down . papa thank you . Baron ( take mama 's hand ) miss yoelson . mama how do you do , mister Baron ? Baron ( turn to jolson and shaking he hand ) Al ! you look wonderful ! jolson hello , Tom . when do you arrive ? Baron just fly in . I have no idea I would find the whole family here . jolson you lose no time find I . Baron well , that 's right . naturally -- jolson well , you waste a trip , Tom . you can turn around and go back . I be not interested in you show . do not want to read it . Steve 's tell you that , have not he ? Julie look on alarmed . steve Al , wait a second ! jolson I have quit . I have work enough . yes , and for you in my time , too . and busting out here like this will get you nothing . Julie Al , what 's the matter with you ?! jolson catch himself . baron you happen to be wrong , Al . you see , to cast a Broadway show this day , you have to come to Hollywood to find the actor . I can not imagine come out here and not say hello to you after quite a few year together . jolson be remorseful now . julie of course . Tom , you will have lunch with we , will not you ? Baron well , Julie , I would love to , but as a matter of fact -- jolson take he arm . jolson as a matter of fact , we would not think of let you go . Henry , set mister Baron up here . move over , Steve . Julie look on , relieved . jolson pull a extra chair up to the table . jolson come here , Tom . sit down . Tom sit at the table . jolson look , pal . look , everybody . there be a crazy fella here a minute ago , but I think he 's go now . you can relax . mama and papa look relieved . jolson ( to Tom ) how long be you stay , Tom ? Baron I be fly back late tomorrow night . jolson Julie , mama and papa have the guest room , but there 's a studio bed in the library for Tom tonight , with bath . what do you say , mister Baron ? Baron no , I really -- Julie that 's settle . and tomorrow night you will attend the wedding anniversary dinner of cantor and miss yoelson . Baron oh , I would not miss that for anything . but about tonight , I have get a hotel room . jolson sorry , you be stay here , my boy . and look , son . gonna read that little show of yours tomorrow . yes sir , I be gonna give it mister jolson 's personal attention and advice . and tomorrow night -- mama , what do you say to we have the dinner party right out here ? what do you think of that idea , papa ? papa this I could also get use to . everybody laugh . jolson return to he seat at the head of the table . dissolve to : ext . patio - night henry light candle on a beautifully set table . int . jolson live room - same time julie plays " liza " on the piano . steve and papa stand nearby and mama sit on the couch . papa it 's go to be beautiful out there tonight . Steve ( gesture toward the library ) it 's about time that two stop talk in there , be not it ? int . jolson library - same time baron sit appreciatively behind a desk as jolson sets the script down . jolson ( raise a glass ) well , luck to it , Tom . Baron ( lift a glass ) you have be a big help to I , Al . jolson ( thumb through the script ) I get a kick out of work on it . like old time . it happen to be good . in fact , y'know , if I ever have any idea of go back to the old grind , it 's the kind of a show I would want . not that I have any such idea , Tom . matter of fact , I -- I could not stand it . Baron what do you mean ? jolson well , a show 's a big job . you gotta be up to it . look at I . laying off for a long time like this . the pipe not what they use to be . I will tell you something you never know . every open night of my life , I use to have knot right in here . ( clenches a fist against he stomach ) no , that 's all behind I , tom. ( raise he glass ) well , luck again , pal . they toast each other and drink . in the live room julie get up from the piano and walk over to steve . julie Al have not be as excited about anything in a long time , have he , Steve ? Steve oh , I do not know . Julie must be a good show . Steve not bad . he give Tom some good idea this afternoon . Julie go around the room clean out ashtray . mama Julie , make he sing tonight . Julie I be afraid we will not have any more luck than we have last night , mama . he will play record again , but that 's all . papa ( rise ) well , I can understand . he have sung enough . let the record sing for a change . Steve Nice idea , cantor . Julie speak of change , papa , do you think it 's be good for Al ? papa good ? how do you mean ? Julie I mean , do he seem happy to you ? papa well , of course . Julie exactly like he use to be ? papa a little more settle , maybe . after all , it 's time . he 's no boy any more . Henry ( o.s. ) dinner be ready , miss jolson . Steve good . I will break this up . Steve walk to the library door and open it . steve all right , that 's all , boy . join the party . dinner 's serve . jolson emerge slapping he hand together . jolson ha-ha . well , that 's that . wash everything up . Baron follow he from the library . jolson ( give mama a kiss ) from here on , mama , we belong to you . I be hungry . let 's go . Julie ( to papa ) my dear cantor , if you will give you arm to the bride and lead the way ... papa take mama 's arm and lead she outside . jolson take Julie 's arm and she start to hum the " wedding March . " Steve and Tom bring up the rear , link arm and hum the " wedding March , " too . dissolve to : ext . patio - night the party all sit at the outside table , except steve be stand , delivering a toast . steve the cantor and miss yoelson be the youngest couple I have ever know . it do not matter how many year they have be marry . ( more ) Steve ( cont would ) all that count be the spirit . and I wish they a hundred more young year of happiness . l'chaim . the party toast and drink . Julie applaud . papa thank you , thank you . Baron speech , cantor ! the other all applaud . steve yeah , speech ! come on ! papa oh , no , I -- mama come on , papa . come on . papa rise . papa thank you , mister Martin . thank you . that be very beautiful . in fact -- ( he feel he head ) ooh . that wine be very good , mama . -- I mean , what you say before , about the spirit , mister Martin . by a strange coincidence , we actually say something just like that the night of we wedding ... ( he stroke mama 's cheek ) ... while mama and I be dance . I say , let 's always dance . oh , and how we dance that wedding night . asa -- asa , you should have see we . -- oh , oh , I remember , you could not be there . the other burst out laugh . papa anyhow , I -- I thank you . I thank you all . the other applaud . jolson ah , that be very good , papa . very good . papa lift he glass and start to hum " the anniversary song . " papa remember that , asa ? jolson I have hear you sing it a thousand time , papa . papa that be the waltz at we wedding . come on , asa . come on , sing with I . Julie look from papa to jolson , certain he will not sing . jolson no , you go ahead , papa . papa oh , ho. listen to this . Julie look back at papa . papa as a little boy , he use to sing with I at the synagogue . well , what 's the matter ? too -- too big a man now , huh ? jolson look down . Julie look at jolson again . her expression almost ask he to sing . papa mama , mama , tell I the truth . who be always a better singer , I or asa ? she wink at jolson then turn back to papa . mama you , of course , papa . papa uh-huh . ( to jolson ) do you hear that ? ah , come on . please . papa hum the " anniversary song " again . jolson join in , harmonize with he . papa gesture to mama to dance with he . she shake her head at first , then get up with he . julie look on as they begin to dance . then jolson start to sing the chorus . julie look at he surprised . jolson keep singing . steve look at he with a trace of sadness . mama and papa continue to dance . in the middle of the song , jolson raise he emotional and volume level . julie give steve a concerned look as if asking if jolson really want to quit singing . steve avoid her glance and look at jolson . jolson continue singing . julie give steve another look , but steve can only look back with a poker face . mama and papa continue dancing . jolson finishes the song and look down thoughtfully . julie also look down , concerned . jolson pick up a drink . jolson well , that 's that . mama and papa look back at he . papa thank you , asa . that be very nice . they return to they seat . Steve watch they . everyone be quiet . Steve break the ice . steve cantor , you two have a fine dance act there . papa do you think we could pick up a little time ? the other laugh . steve I can book you solid for the season . Baron oh , it be a beautiful party , Julie . you know , I would like to take over from here on . suppose we drive into town and you all be my guest at a nightclub . what do you say ? jolson look down , not like the idea . Julie look at the other uncertain what to think . mama nightclub ? now ? Baron yes . we can see a early floor show and I can catch my plane . jolson no , let 's not . Baron why ? jolson well , I have not be in one of that spot in year . Julie look at he searchingly . jolson you see , we be just country folk , Tom . we do not go for that fast life . and anyway , mama and papa would not be interested in a nightclub . papa yes , yes . mama yes , we would . the other laugh . baron well , there you be . and it 's not you anniversary , son . it 's theirs . come on , let 's go . dolly back as they all get up from the table . dissolve to : int . nightclub - night a floor show be underway featuring a big band and dancing girl . at a corner table a maitre 'd show the jolson party to a corner table , where they all sit down -- except papa , who remains on he feet looking at the dancing girl . the girl shake and twirl on the floor . mama tug on papa' coat sleeve and he finally sit , still watching . in the wing the maitre 'd run up excitedly behind the manager ( eddie ) , tap he shoulder and talk animatedly while motioning toward jolson's table . eddie smile broadly . he walk over to the bandleader , cup a hand over the microphone and whisper to he . the bandleader keep conducting but turn to say something to the band . at the table mama ( to papa ) in all you year in show business , papa , you do not see anything like this yet . papa oh , no . he laugh and pat she hand . onstage the dancers finish with a flourish and run into the wing to applause . the band plays a brief coda of exit music . then eddie get on the microphone . eddie lady and gentleman , I be go to interrupt the show to make a announcement . we have a celebrity with we , a man you have enjoy and admire for many year . jolson look the other way and light a cigarette . eddie he 's be away for a long time and we have miss he a lot . but he still be the great entertainer of they all . Baron wonder who he mean . Eddie it 's a honor to introduce ... the band play the intro to " my mammy . " jolson steam and look at Julie . she look back serenely . eddie that 's right , folk ! it 's " mammy ! " and the man who make it famous -- the one and only Al jolson ! the crowd applaud . a spotlight land on jolson . he politely rise , nod to the crowd and sit down . jolson the idiot . Julie look on with a enigmatic smile and finger a string of pearl around she neck . Steve , concerned , look at Julie then at jolson . eddie and there 's a chance in a thousand if we ask he hard enough , just for old time ' sake , mister jolson might give we a song ! jolson this guy 's crazy . the crowd applaud and cheer . someone yell out , " come on , Al ! " jolson tries to wave they off . jolson sorry , no . the applause continue and the spotlight remain on he . baron they be not go to stop . better do it and get it over with . jolson look at the audience then back at Julie . jolson baby , it look like I be not go to get out of this . I be sorry . Julie grin and look around at the audience . jolson stub out he cigarette , rise and walk through the cheering crowd to the stage . the spotlight follows he all the way . eddie sets down a microphone stand for he . jolson thanks , Eddie . thank you , boy . that be a big introduction . ( indicate the mic ) just talk into this ? ( address the crowd ) thank you , folk . it 's -- it 's nice to be remember . I can not tell ya how nice . but , about sing for you , y'see , I be a little rusty . but -- well , you ask for it , so we will just make it a quick one , huh ? ( to Eddie ) what will the boy handle that I can sing ? Eddie anything . jolson ( call back to the band ) " Robert E. Lee ! " ( hand the mic stand to Eddie ) I do not think I will need this , Eddie . Eddie walk off with the mic stand . the band plays the intro to " waiting for the ROBERT E. lee . " julie look on still with a enigmatic smile and fingering her pearl . jolson sing the song full throttle . papa smile and sways to the music . julie maintain the enigmatic smile and keep fingering her pearl . at the end , the entire jolson party join the audience in applauding . baron great ! jolson wave to the audience and walk away from the stage . suddenly the crowd jump to there feet , blocking he path and calling , " more , more , more ! " jolson tries to work he way through but the crowd hold he back . at the table everyone but baron look on concerned . steve ( rise ) they will mob he ! papa cast a wistful look over the top of he eyeglass at Julie . she maintain she enigmatic smile , glance from side to side . near the stage jolson finally give in . jolson ( nodd ) oh , all right ! all right ! he back up toward the stage . at the table julie suddenly lower her hand from her necklace , concerned . papa look at her with concern , then at jolson . onstage jolson goe to the stage and wave to the wing . jolson come on out , gang ! everybody ! everybody in the show , come on out and sit down ! the dancer come out and sit on step lead up to the band . jolson you know , you work hard every night . you must be tired of do this show . just sit down and I will take over for you tonight . steve unsmiling , he look over at julie then back at the stage . onstage jolson have not work in a long time . just gather around , make yourselves comfortable . you be not hear nothin ' yet ! julie look at jolson and quietly nods , as if finally realizing where they stand . onstage jolson you pick it , Professor . what will it be ? the band play the introduction to " rock -a - bye you baby with a dixie melody . " jolson ah-ha ! " rock -a - bye ! " yes sir , I think I remember that one . jolson sing " rock - a - bye , " thoroughly enjoy himself . at the table mama , papa and julie look on . julie have one hand on the table and with the other keep fingering her pearl . papa glance at julie again over the top of he glass . close - up - julie now she hold both hand clasped at her throat . julie you see , what he do not have at home , mama , be a audience . live face . be not that it , Steve ? wider angle on the table steve look at julie with a poker face . she look again at the stage , still with the enigmatic smile and fingering her pearl . onstage as jolson sing on , fade in a superimposition of a pan across the audience . each patron look on happily . then fade out the super . the song continue . at the table julie quietly shake her head as she watch . papa glance at her sadly over he glass . julie you see , papa , Al be sure he do not want to sing any more . he want to be with I . I think I let he make the wrong decision . Steve I do not get this , Julie . papa look sadly at Julie again . julie I think papa do . papa cast he eye downward . onstage jolson finishes the song to a tremendous ovation . he step back waving to the audience . voice call out for another song : " april shower . " at the table julie , still smiling enigmatically , look at jolson then around at the audience . onstage jolson ( to the conductor ) you hear they , Professor . at the table as a piano plays the intro to " april shower , " steve look over at julie . she keep looking at jolson . onstage jolson start to sing . at the table steve look at julie again . her gaze remains on jolson . onstage jolson continue to sing . close shot - julie she sigh deeply , appear close to tear . julie Excuse I . she get up . medium close shot - papa look up at her sadly . medium long shot - the table julie pat papa on the shoulder , grab her coat and head down a corridor toward the foyer . onstage jolson continue to sing . in the corridor dolly back on julie walking . steve rise from the table in b.g. and run after her . pan on her as she head for the entrance . steve Julie ! she pause . he turn she gently by the shoulder to face he . steve where do you think you be go ? angle on julie over steve's shoulder julie Home . throw some thing in the car . I will be go by the time he get back . Steve do not do that , Julie . Julie he try awfully hard , Steve . but you and I know : he 's get to do that . Steve now , wait ! Julie see that he 's on that plane with Tom tonight . they will do a great show . Steve y'know , this be gonna kill he , Julie . Julie it be not go to be so good for I , either . but look . when do you last see he as happy as that ? Steve look back over he shoulder . medium shot - jolson continue to sing . tight two - shot - steve and julie she touch he arm . julie and , Steve , when he get home night after the show , do not let he sing too long . wider angle she kiss he on the cheek and turn away . pan on her and dolly in as she walk toward the entrance . she stop in a archway to the foyer , take a last look back , then walk to the door . a doorman open it . she walk out and he follows , shutting the door behind they . medium shot - the stage crane back to a high , wide angle as jolson sing the last line of the song . fade out . the end