the whistleblower written by eilis kirwan &amp ; larysa kondracki August 3 , 2007 1 blackness ... 1 girl voice ( o.s. ) ( ukrainian ) I can not see anything ... be you there ? silence . girl voice ( o.s. ) ( ukrainian ) ( cont 'd ) be you there !? giggle . luba , 15 , dangerous , flick a lighter , sparking a cigarette , and grin in the flicker flame . luba ( ukrainian ) God I be drunk ... where 's this damn door ? she scan the space with the lighter . illuminate ... raya ( ukrainian ) watch it ! that 's my hair ! let I try . raya , 15 , pretty , guileless , take the lighter , search ... click . she have it . they burst out the door , laughing , onto ... 2 ext . rooftop - apartment build - night 2 a party . rock music blare . drunk teens dance around burning barrel . group lounge on ratty couch and turn over box skulling can , make out , talk shit . a boy , 17 , light a molotov cocktail and hurl it off the roof . luba and raya join three guy . one of they piss onto a cloth , stuff it in a bottle , and try to light it . it fizzle . everybody burst out laugh . raya ( ukrainian ) it 's ammonia , not alcohol . boy ( ukrainian ) ( drunk ) you be so smart . I love you ! he lunge in for a kiss , but she dodge he , laugh . luba give he the finger , pull raya toward the dance into ... teen mayhem : raya let herself go . she get lose in ... a whirl of drunk and happy teens . it 's tribal . they dance , silhouett against the fire and the black sky , they back to the run-down Soviet building ... tonight , they do not want to think about what life hold in store . raya stop . dizzy . she look at she watch , suddenly aware of the time . yelling over to luba ... twb 2 . raya ( ukrainian ) I have to get home . mama 's gonna kill I . luba ( ukrainian ) no , you be stay with I tonight . Roman want we there at 9 in the morning . raya look at luba . torn . luba ( cont 'd ) it 's just a few month work in a hotel . you want to work at copyshack like you mother ? marry one of this asshole ? there 's nothing here !.. he say it be both of we or no go ! raya sigh , want to , but unable to agree . luba hesitates ; she need this so badly . luba ( cont 'd ) fuck you mom ! but raya shake she head , eye apologetic . she push past luba who watch she disappear . 3 int . raya' apartment - kyiv - late night 3 raya tiptoe through a modest apartment when .... the light come on . raya turn back to see halyna , 35 . her face tear between anger and relief . raya ( ukrainian ) I know I be late . I try to leave , but -- halyna ( ukrainian ) it 's three in the morning . halyna shake she head , disappointed . then turn off the light . raya stand alone as halyna go into she bedroom . slam . raya look around the apartment , it 's poverty , it 's measly aspiration ... 4 ext . kyiv - morning 4 the silver mist of dawn rise over the Golden dome of kyiv . 5 int . apartment - kyiv - morning 5 raya sit on a stool before a white wall . luba smoke a cigarette . roman , 40 , smiley , fix a camera to a tripod . roman ( ukrainian ) Big smile ! twb 3. luba read a swiss HOTEL brochure , then look up . luba ( ukrainian ) ( practice ) I be natalya verbova . I be go to budapest to buy carpet for be - sell . I be stay two day ... raya see zenia , 30 , peek in the door . raya smile . Zenia , nod , demure . Roman look through the camera . luba ( cont 'd ) no -one 's gonna believe we really do it ! luba beam at raya , who can not hide she own excitement . camera Pov : raya look into the camera . her face light up with hope ... flash ... the image freeze ... we burn to white . then the title of the film fade in ... " the whistleblower " a flashlight cut across ... 6 ext . suburban house - lincoln , nebraska - night 6 police officer leed scan the side of a house . rounding to the front porch he shake he head at he partner , kathryn bolkovac , 38 . earthy and athletic . she be in great shape , but she eye tell of a life fully live . she 's look at a husband and wife stand in the doorway . husband it just get a bit heat , you know how it get . I will apologize to the neighbor tomorrow . Kathy nod , humoring . a police radio buzy . officer leed ready to go ? Kathy eye the wife , try to see past they into the house . kathy you sure everything be alright , ma'am ? the wife be still . Kathy eye she , gently . then , calm ... wife really . it be nothing . twb 4 . the husband shift he weight . Kathy flit a look behind he , notice ... jacket hang from the wall . her gaze lower to a hook hang much lower than the rest of the jacket . kathy you all have any child ? husband nope . the wife look down . the man stir , agitate . husband ( cont 'd ) so if that 's all Officer ... kathy I would like to take a quick walk through the house . husband you can not do that without a warrant . kathy yes I can , Sir , please step aside . the wife move out of the way . the man panic . Leeds head up the porch . Kathy step over the threshold . when ... husband you be not come in my house ! he block she , but Kathy push past he , and then he ... grab Kathy . hurl she into a wall . crack . Kathy yell in extreme pain . o.s. police siren blare 7 int . hospital hall - night 7 Three police officer linger . they peek through a door at ... 8 int . hospital room - same 8 Kathy . she sit up on a gurney . the doctor examine she shoulder . it 's bruise purple . doctor painful there ? Kathy wince . twb 5 . captain hawk , 5as , African american , walk in , notice she expose shoulder , and turn , uncomfortable . Kathy cover . hawk I be she Captain . doctor her collar bone be break . and I be go to have to set she arm in a cast . hawk lookin ' for a route to the desk ? kathy yeah , I be gonna break every bone in my body until I be captain . Hawk laugh . kathy ( cont 'd ) I be fine . I be sure you have a hotter date than this tonight . hawk I wish . kathy just when my self esteem be gettin ' so healthy . hawk we find a boy lock in the basement . badly beat . we charge the husband with domestic assault . you make the right call . but you should have wait for backup . ( sighing ) ... I wish I do not have to say this -- kathy you be give deke the gold shield . hawk I have to Kathy . he have seniority . Kathy shake she head , deeply disappointed . hawk ( cont 'd ) you deserve the promotion . you should be a detective and if we have more opening -- kathy that gold shield be the first one in four year ... Sir ... I be go to have to resign , and take that position overseas . twb 6. hawk I think that 's a mistake . I want you on my team . Kathy sigh , touch . but ... kathy Frank , I be nearly forty . I can not be on the street much longer . not if I do not know there 's something on the other end . she look up at Hawk , but he 's stare past she at ... the door . Kathy turn , see ... a young , scared girl , 15 . this be erin . Kathy 's daughter . she 's hear everything . Hawk eye Erin , sympathetic . hawk just think about it , will you ? he leave , pass Erin , who push down tear . Kathy eye Erin , full of love , but not know what to say . 9 int . hospital room - later 9 Erin stare out the window . Kathy watch she , concerned . erin I wish you could stay here . kathy I too . Erin turn . serious . weigh ... erin I mean it 's fine live at dad 's , but ... now I really will not see you for a while . kathy I be do this for we . if I have a better job , I can give you guy more . Erin nod , tear again . erin when do you have to decide ? kathy come here . Erin move over , hesitant . Kathy pull she in to a hug , wince slightly in pain . but keep a brave face . twb 7. erin be you sure it 's not dangerous ? kathy of course . it 's be four year . thing be get back to normal over there . smash CUT to : a bombed out building , spray with red graffiti . debris everywhere . torn clothes . a sign . cyrillic letter : sarajevo - 3 km . spray across it in red : turn around ! 10 ext . countryside - day 10 a silhouette break the horizon and speed towards we , throw up gravel : a dent white bus , emblazon with large black letter : " UN " . a UNITED states flag on it . title card : bosnia -herzegovina 1999 11 int . bus - continuous 11 Kathy sit in a bus full of blue beret . she look out the window , she eye drink it all in ... voice ( o.s. ) you come here today as a beacon of hope , as representative of humanity 's high aspiration . in the opposite direction , a U.S. military tank roll past . a soldier look out from the hatch . Kathy turn to see the only other woman on the bus , carmen , 20 , latina . she smile cheekily , give Kathy the `peace ' sign . Kathy smile . immediate solidarity . in the opposite direction , two other UN buse pass , one flanke by a canadian flag , the other with a french tricolor . the bus crank around the corner , enter ... 12 ext . sniper alley - continuous 12 the final stretch into sarajevo . famous from so many war report , site of many death . the broad , pock - mark avenue be barren . shell high rise lean like hungry face , gouge from they once - solid structure . live room be expose to the element , wallpaper blow in the wind like tear skin . twb 8. in the bus : carmen tap Kathy , point out the window ... carmen sniper alley . see , the bullet mark be at eye level . people just run to the store . all the wall be splatter at head level . Kathy be overcome by the stark reality of war . worse than she ever imagine . intercut with : move along rapt face ... young men , middle - aged men , head hold high , ready for anything . we be in ... 13 int . meeting hall - later 13 bill hyne pace before the assemble new recruit . he 's in he 5as , distinguished and seemingly in charge ... bill hyne you have be hire by dyncorp aerospace International to represent the US as monitor for the United Nations , which mean you be the only national contingent come from a private military . so you people choose to come here . and for the next few week , we will teach you how to protect the rule of law in a war zone , how to rebuild a civil society brick by brick ... moving over more recruit ... on they lap , " dyncorp " orientation folder . men , listen , determine ... 14 ext . outlying suburb - day 14 Kathy and recruit receive training from a pakistani monitor , shadow he as he hand food - pack to a line of refugees . bill hyne ( o.s. ) ...to ensure the dignity , equality , and inalienable human rights of every single person in this devastate place . the refugee turn they haunt eye to the fresh face of the new recruit . Kathy extend a parcel to a old man . he hesitates . then she see ... he have no arm . she 's unsure what to do . a young boy take the package , lead he grandfather away . Kathy stand : where am I ? assembly hall : Bill hyne stand before a map of the balkan . twb 9. bill hyne ( cont 'd ) the dayton peace accord of 1995 end this war , dictating that a International Police Task Force - you - would smooth the transition from war to peace . 15 ext . outskirt of sarajevo - day 15 kathy and three new recruit be lead down a path along a mountainside . they move toward a underground bunker . child play at the edge of a overgrown field . a boy hop up on a post , about to jump over , when the leader , todd myer , 30 , a seasoned pro , yell at he , point out ... a sign closer to the barbed wire , fring the field ... a skull and crossbone . " landmine not swept " bill hyne ( o.s. ) but you will learn that peace be harder win than war .. Kathy watch the boy run back up the road . the recruit head down steep step into ... 16 int . artillery deposit - moment later 16 Light sneak through crack , catch on the oil black barrel of thousand of gun . Todd hand out binder . todd myer we be still in the process of disarming the Muslim , croat , and serb militia . you will be catalogue this arm for decommission record . Kathy eye the unending stash of gun . 17 ext . sarajevo suburb - dusk 17 Kathy drive past a military base , a italian flag fly ... a few hundred yard up the street , a bar ... bella luna bar driving past a another bar . german flag ... a sign : berlin night ... Kathy pass by , amused . 18 ext . american dorm - sarajevo suburb - evening 18 Kathy and carmen be lead by a monitor through a sparsely furnish unit . a poster of ` bear in the USA ' on the wall . twb 10 . bill hyne ( o.s. ) you will learn that every morning 's hope ... carmen bounce she butt up and down to test she mattress . 19 int . local grocery store - day 19 Kathy inspect item on the shelf . nothing familiar . moving Pov from bus - earlier a cluster of women in black burkas . they sway like reed in the wind , grief overcome they as they watch : bill hyne ( o.s. ) ... be haunt by yesterday 's nightmare ... UN blue helmet supervise the dig of a mass grave . body be reveal . a child 's shoe be uncover . a burly peacekeeper turn , sicken . 20 ext . tito barracks - afternoon 20 the bus arrive . the base be surround by barb wire and overlook sight , manned by armed military . meeting hall : hyne look out at the new batch . proud . bill hyne but today be a new day . as head of the United Nations Mission here I trust that we stake we high value , even we life , on the belief that we can rebuild , we must renew , we will witness the rebirth of this country . the recruit be hype , the rhetoric be work . moving over they , man by man , we reveal in the back : Kathy . in she crisp navy blue iptf flack jacket . her blonde hair make she stand out . she be one of the only woman in the room . her eye ablaze . she be completely fire up . 21 int . kitchen - iptf dorm - evening 21 Kathy sit at the table spread stuff on dark bread . carmen across from she . Kathy take a bite and grimace . kathy I think this be peanut butter but -- twb 11 . carmen it 's ass paste ? I know . I buy it too . let 's get out of here . I need a drink . 22 ext . STREET - sarajevo - night 22 rock music echoes from several bar . carmen head toward one , when a american iptf monitor stop she . american iptf that 's a military bar . you want the party in there ... he point to big neon sign : the INTERNATIONAL bar . tiki light illuminate a broad patio . a pig roast on a spit . Kathy follow carmen through dozen of off - duty iptf , sfor and UN worker who drink and trade storey with machismo . there 's a palpable sexual tension in the air . bosnian waitress flirt with officer . guy paw girl with trays . carmen fuck I , we be outnumber . good odd . kathy hon , they be all yours . they make they way through the crowded bar , feel the officer ' double - take . carmen smile coyly at Kathy , then zeroe in on jan van der velde , 35 , handsome . he be surround by a group of iptf with dutch flag on they shoulder . carmen throw she arm around they , jovial . carmen okay , fine , if you insist . mine 's a jaegermeister . Jan laugh at carmen 's forwardness , he eye on Kathy . but she spot Todd myer across the bar , and be on she way , when ... jan what about you ? you do not have a order ? kathy no. I be the polite one . jan I like polite . carmen turn he head toward she . twb 12 . carmen I be gonna be the drunk one . let 's get toast . Kathy smile , a little too old for this game . carmen lean into Kathy 's ear . she smile , and move off . at the bar Kathy move to Todd and the Americans , catch Todd 's eye , but be distract by a waitress writhe on a italian soldier 's lap . the waitress dart Kathy a look , contemptuous . and the soldier notice . one leer at Kathy ... italian soldier I would pay double for a woman in uniform . Kathy look he over . kathy sorry pal , I be not for sale . the soldier be stung . the italian laugh . todd myer ( o.s. ) we be dyncorp . we be all for sale ... Kathy , right ? Todd put he arm around Kathy , bring she to a table of american iptf . they greet she , friendly . todd myer ( cont 'd ) look the basic lay of the land be we have to work with the other national , but we do not mix with they at night . jim higgins , 25 , and even young look ... jim higgins lucky that wop do not carry gun or we would have have ourselves a situation . Fucking unarm mission . I be hope we would get to squeeze some off . todd myer at who ? better odd you will step on a land mine and what the hell 's a gun gonna do for you then ? jim higgins ( embarrassed ) I would kill the fucker who bury it . everyone laugh . Todd turn to Kathy . twb 13 . todd myer you ever have to take someone down ? kathy just once . the other see she 's the real deal . Kathy feel good . 23 int . patio bar - late night 23 Kathy move through the now-hopping bar . she 's ready to leave . she search for ... carmen . she 's in a corner . still with the group of dutch officer . Kathy approach , concerned , when Jan cut she off . he 's watch carmen , who 's teeter , drunk . jan you should probably get she home . kathy you probably should not have let she drink that much . Kathy move past he , irritate . but he grab she . jan hey . I ... do not worry . I know that guy . nothing be go to happen to she . Kathy shrug , it do not mean much to she . jan ( cont 'd ) I be hope you would come back . kathy well I do . and now we be both leave . 24 ext . sarajevo - morning 24 early sun break through the fog over the valley . 25 int . dorm - kitchen - morning 25 Kathy try to work the bosnian coffee maker , a confusing relic . carmen come in , hold she head . carmen what the hell happen last night ? Kathy smile , pour she a cup of the tar-like brew . they both look at it , a little scared . Kathy eye the clock . twb 14 . kathy let 's move . we be gonna be late . 26 ext . STREET - ilidza , bosnia - day 26 industrial plant dominate the skyline of this sarajevo suburb . Kathy drive frantically past bomb - out building . carmen study a map beside she . they hit a red light . and stop . a group of muslim women cross the street . one question Kathy with a linger gaze . carmen stare at she map ... carmen do you have any idea where we be ? Kathy shake she head . no idea . 27 int . ilidza station - moment later 27 a run-down prefab office , with date 80s equipment . a couple of small office off the open center . Kathy and carmen rush in . a iptf officer stand wait for they ... Jan Van Der velde . jan late night lady ? they eye he , embarrassed . he hand they each a thick binder . jan ( cont 'd ) I be you duty officer . you check the duty roster . every day . you be each assign to monitor and instruct a group of bosnian local police . we work in six week shift . you instruct in the morning , then go into the field with they in the afternoon . one of you need to go now . he eye a eager Kathy . carmen shrug . jan ( cont 'd ) they be wait at the 5th canton . out the gate , then leave , leave , park , right ... Kathy rush off , then stop . Jan toss a set of key . jan ( cont 'd ) my van . there 's a map in front . she drop the key , grab they , and rush out . 28 ext . 5 th canton - ilidza , bosnia - morning 28 a school spray with graffiti and bullet . twb 15 . 29 int . classroom - morning 29 a abandon classroom . shabby corkboard with yellowing psa poster , rag kid ' drawing , and tired sticky tape . Kathy skim through the training binder . the door open and a group of local police file in . they whisper , exchange lascivious glance . Kathy straighten she uniform . kathy feel free to sit wherever you like . Kathy wait for they to take they seat . they do not . a bosnian woman , pretty , rush in . spot Kathy ... bosnian woman sorry I be late . I be you interpreter . kathy great , well ... I just ask they to sit . the interpreter shake she head benignly . they take they seat . the interpreter look at Kathy . bosnian woman they like to be difficult . they understand if you be clear . mostly they have trouble speak English . but let 's see if you can get they to talk at all . Kathy look out , suddenly daunt . she press on , open she binder as authoritatively as she can . kathy okay , I be go to be talk about crime scene investigation today . if we could -- a older officer , danik , stand , defiant . danik ( broken english ) where do we sign to say we come ? kathy actually , you sign the attendance at the end of the session . it 's a UN mandate -- danik or we sign now ? full of malice . Kathy put the sheet away , then ... kathy we sign later . twb 16 . the cop scoff , and sit . 30 int . classroom - later 30 Kathy stand in front of a blackboard with drawing on a crime scene . she cross off two area on the board . kathy ... keeping the crime scene clean be number one . a weak smile . nothing from the crowd . she trundle on . kathy ( cont 'd ) interpreter remember you could be pamyatayte scho vu bu mholy step on the very evidence stavatu to scho nam pokazaye that could incriminate . you yaka bula nespodivanka . treba have to track anything you vcyo datu v torbu . bag . we call that ' chain of evidence . ' Kathy look out . the cop be barely pay attention . one stub out a cigarette . another close the binder , defiantly . danik we sign sheet now ? Kathy lean back , disappointed . she hand he the sheet . they all sign , apathetic . danik ( cont 'd ) you will tell UN we be cooperate ? Kathy try to retain a poker face but they indifference sting . and just as they be about to leave ... kathy we have to go to the hospital together . the cop eye she , agitate . 31 ext . hospital - day 31 Kathy 's suv pull up behind the cluster of local police car . iptf officer clarkson stand outside . he eye he watch . Kathy rush to he , but he 's already a foot in the door . kathy we get here as quick as we could . clarkson ( british accent ) just try to get they here on time . twb 17 . 32 int . hospital - day 32 Clarkson lead Kathy and the bosnian police through the hall . gurney 's and ivs suggest it 's a hospital , but you would not want to be examine here . some window be still cover with wood slat , and paint barely cover old bullet hole . the floor still hold the stain of old blood . Clarkson grab a file , and speak without look back ... clarkson seem we have two stabbing , one shoot , and a man with a break leg and a bad hangover who can not remember what happen ... average night back in Brighton . the cop stare at he , lose . as they file into a SMALL room fill with tightly draw curtain . they all squeeze into the center together . Kathy be press against the large cop . Clarkson pull back a curtain , revealing ... zlata sehik , 40 , Muslim . her face be cover with wound . she avoid the gaze of the police who stare with contempt . she pull she bed - sheet up to she chin as ... clarkson ( cont 'd ) ( read chart ) " facial contusion from repeat beating with fist " , " laceration on the eye cause by the edge of a iron " ... he pause . look at Zlata , he move she sheet up to expose she leg . Zlata 's eye tear . Clarkson read ... clarkson ( cont 'd ) " the right hand be the first entry point of a large kitchen knife " ... " the second entry point in the upper leave thigh " ... it go through she hand and into she leg ... who 's go to take this report ? Kathy look out at the bosnian cop , but they stare at the ground . one cop peek into the next cubicle . Kathy look at Clarkson for a cue . he hold out the clipboard . clarkson ( cont 'd ) anyone ? no answer . Clarkson look to Kathy to take control . she turn to she group , but they have even less respect for she . she go to speak , when ... viko , 25 , look up , hesitant . twb 18 . viko ( broken english ) I will take it . the cop turn . Clarkson unclick he pen . viko see Kathy , hungry for support . but danik scoff . danik ( bosniak ) ( at Zlata ) tze ye yiyiy vuna . Zlata 's face tighten . viko turn to danik , angry .... Kathy look to Clarkson , who give she nothing . kathy what do he say ? viko she be Muslim . he say she deserve it . clarkson alright , that 's it . everyone out . kathy ( at Clarkson ) be not she filing a complaint ? the other cop eye Kathy , defiant . this be we turf . Clarkson usher the cop out . Kathy catch viko 's eye . simpatico . then follow the other out . Kathy look back at Zlata , who lie helpless . 33 int . hallway - hospital - moment later 33 Clarkson lead the group . Kathy push up toward he . kathy she have to file a complaint . a woman get stab in the face and there be no repercussion ? Clarkson pull Kathy aside . viko stare . clarkson quit it ! you hear I ? Kathy redden . the local cop look over . clarkson ( cont 'd ) we be not investigator . we be monitor . you do not know a serb from a croat or a bosniak . you have get ethnic hatred that start a war . this be not just police , it 's diplomacy . twb 19 . Kathy blushes , feel like a chasten schoolgirl . clarkson ( cont 'd ) we do not run the show , we make sure the show run smoothly . 34 int . bedroom - iptf dorm - evening 34 Kathy sit up in bed read from she dyncorp / UN manual . she flick , not find what she 's look for . carmen come out of she room , dolled up for the evening . carmen come out . you can not solve this tonight . I be not take no for a answer . 35 ext . local cafe - sarajevo market - night 35 Kathy have dinner with carmen , who talk away . Kathy watch the world go by . she notice a older , large iptf monitor walk with he arm around a young girl , 16 , dress in a short skirt . Kathy turn back to carmen who be still talk . 36 ext . sarajevo - morning 36 chant echoe from the sinanova house of the dervish order . 37 int . ilidza station - morning 37 viko come in , scan over iptf monitor . spot Kathy . 38 int . ilidza station - moment later 38 viko lay down a pile of file . Zlata 's picture on top . viko Zlata sehik have be to the hospital eight time because of she husband . every time she try to file a complaint , my boss send she back . they always laugh at the woman ... they laugh at my mother . they do not make prosecution of domestic violence . I want to get enough evidence to do this . Kathy be not sure . she look around , almost guiltily ... viko ( cont 'd ) this be why you be here , no ? Kathy look at he , strike by the truth of this . she take the file , flipping through they . think ... twb 20 . kathy with no police report ?.. maybe , if you go back to the hospital ... you can pull the record for every one of she visit . 39 int . file room - hospital - day 39 a hospital administrator , who hand viko a stack of file . 40 ext . hospital - day 40 Kathy sit in a UN suv . viko watch as she go through Zlata 's hospital file . she 's encourage . kathy okay , now get the same thing from all the doctor who treat she . they will have to testify on Zlata 's behalf . 41 int . law library - evening 41 viko and Kathy sit behind a pile of legal book . viko show Kathy a page , a question look on he face . kathy this be good . let 's cross reference each injury with other case where felony assault be rule . can you get something like that ? viko turn to see a librarian at the main desk . kathy ( cont 'd ) ... because if stabbing someone in a bar be illegal then the same standard can be apply to a domestic assault . 42 int . courthouse - day 42 viko sit behind Zlata and counsel while a judge rule . kathy ( o.s. ) if a attorney present this properly , reference international standard , you might be able to get a conviction . viko and Zlata wait ... then breathe relief . they win . viko turn to the back of the courtroom : Kathy smile , at last feel they can really accomplish something . 43 int . jan' office - ilidza station - day 43 Kathy come inside , interrupt Jan and franz , dutch iptf . twb 21 . kathy sorry , you want to see I ? franz excuse himself , eyeing a tense Kathy . Jan close the door behind franz , turn to Kathy . all business . jan madeleine Rees want to see you . head of the Office of the United Nations High commissioner for human rights . kathy what ? why ? jan I be sure it 's fine . you follow protocol , right ? Kathy rush out , worried . Jan smile , in on a secret . 44 int . madeleine rees ' office - sarajevo - morning 44 Kathy sit alone in the office . degree , plaque , and award cover the wall . picture of madeleine Rees with kofi annan , Bill Clinton , Nelson mandela ... Kathy be intimidate . madeleine rees , 5as , tall , commanding , short blonde hair , british . she sashays in with a doberman on a leash . madeleine rees do not mind helen , she 's a total sap . Kathy eye the malevolent hound . kathy Ms. Rees , I -- madeleine rees madeleine . you have be stir thing up . kathy be this about Zlata sehik ? if I have overstep protocol -- madeleine rees you have do in two month , what we have be try to do for year . madeleine sit . Kathy straighten . twb 22 . madeleine rees ( cont 'd ) all due respect to viko mezovic , but you just facilitate the first conviction for domestic abuse in bosnian history . I be bloody impressed . so be the dutch duty Officer who recommend you . Kathy take it in . madeleine look out the window at two glass tower that punctuate sarajevo 's skyline . madeleine rees ( cont 'd ) the iptf have a gender affair Office at Mission headquarters . dervla Hughes , the current head , be leave and I think you be the right person to take over . Kathy be take aback . madeleine rees ( cont 'd ) you would be oversee 12 regional office . any gender report come through you . this involve anything from equality training to domestic and child abuse case , fallout from war crime against woman , prostitution . woman in Bosnia be treat like second class citizen . you could have a real impact on they life . what do you think ? be you interested ? this be everything Kathy come to do ... kathy absolutely . 45 int . bedroom - iptf dorm - night 45 Kathy pace , phone to she ear . her suitcase open , she 's pack at the same time . carmen help . kathy ( into phone ) I know hon , it 's very exciting . if this work out . it 's a real opportunity for the future , but it mean I have to , I have to extend my contract for another six month ... hello ?.. Kathy stop pace . kathy ( cont 'd ) ... Erin ? Kathy pull the phone close , listen . carmen eye she . twb 23 . kathy ( cont 'd ) no I do not . I will look right now . Kathy go over to a computer , click open a email . on the screen : a picture of erin in a prom dress . Kathy sit back , flushed with emotion . her enthusiasm complicated by the realization of what she 's miss back home . softly ... kathy ( cont 'd ) you look beautiful ... 46 ext . american apartment complex - night 46 carmen help Kathy load box and suitcase into a suv . carmen I can not believe they be move you into the city . I be so jealous . so where 's you office ? kathy Mission headquarters ... unmhq . carmen but madeleine be unhchr , right ? kathy ( smile ) I know . I do not even know if I be still iptf . carmen well I do not give a f.u.c.k. all I know be I be gonna miss you . stay in touch with the little people ! they hug . Kathy smile , and hop into the car . 47 ext . sarajevo road - night 47 Kathy drive into the CITY centre . 48 int . kathy' apartment - night 48 Kathy put the last box down . she step out onto the balcony . look out at sarajevo , city of survivor , she new home . 49 ext . UN mission headquarters ( unmhq ) - sarajevo - morning 49 member nation ' flag slap in the wind . hundred of UN suv . Kathy drive up . she take in the huge building . almost in disbelief that she 's part of it , at the center of it all . twb 24 . 50 int . lobby - unmhq - morning 50 the modern lobby buzze with UN official and diplomat . Kathy follow rick jone , 30 , athletic , crisp . rick jone I be glad to have a american in the mix . you will be report to I . kathy oh ... I , I think I be report to madeleine Rees ' Office . rick jone it 's a joint office . she 's human rights . but you be Police Task Force . so you go through I . but we all report to Bill hyne anyhow . they walk through two large door into ... the Inner sanctum . 51 int . corridor - unmhq - continuous 51 Rick and Kathy round a corner to a medium -size office , box everywhere . Rick eye the ... mess . rick jone yeah , you ah ... predecessor 's file ... we be wait for Archives to get that out of here . I will put another call in . Kathy nod , take in the disarray . Dust sit on the stack of box , on papers and file strewn about . kathy it 's fine . thanks for the tour . rick jone great . I will leave you to it . good luck . he leave she . Kathy run she eye over the place . the reality of she office less exalt than she imagine . but she 's raring to go . she eye a name plate : kathryn bolkovac - head of gender affayr . Kathy stand in she office doorway , glance up the hall . the hall be empty . the exit door at the end swing shut in the flicker fluorescent light . twb 25 . 52 ext . old town turkish quarter - sarajevo - night 52 Black cobble . merchant line the narrow pathway . open - door cafe serve coffee to unemployed youth . Kathy and Jan walk along . he 's delighted . she 's restrain . jan I be wonder when you would ask I out . kathy it 's not a date ... no , seriously . it 's not . I know you have a lot to do with my promotion , so I want to thank you . he grab she by the hand , ducking into a SMALL archway . a narrow passage open up onto a charming restaurant . 53 ext . cafe - old town - later 53 Kathy and Jan sit at a table , watch a waitress put down a carraffe of wine and ' cevapcici ' ( lamb dish ) . jan here 's to not dating . kathy listen to I . I be not joke around . you be a nice guy . but I ... the waitress reach across Kathy with a plate . wink at Jan. waitress you be certain you have everything you need ? the waitress eye he coyly . Kathy study the exchange . jan we be fine thank you . the waitress leave . Kathy shake she head , amused . jan ( cont 'd ) you be say I be a nice guy -- Kathy be watch the waitress hit up another table . kathy you must be in heaven over here . jan the war leave behind a lot of widow . twb 26 . kathy you do not find that -- jan I find it uncomfortable . a lot of guy do not . I do not know what else to say about it . now finish you sentence , I be a nice guy but -- kathy I can not afford to mess this up . jan it 's only dinner . how bad can it get ? kathy ask my two ex-husband . he grin . Kathy look at he , unsettle by the chemistry between they . 54 int . corridor - unmhq - day 54 Rick introduce Kathy to various iptf and UN colleague . 55 int . kathy' office - unmhq - day 55 Kathy stack unpack box out of the way . she organize a big bulletin board into 12 canton . 56 ext . eighth canton - afternoon 56 Kathy follow a iptf monitor , barry , 30 , irish past the front of a UN bus . a dozen muslim women disembark and look up , they hand over they mouth , keen . barry this be the first time they have see they home in year . iptf monitor help with unload batter suitcase and belonging . three carry a couch up the step of a building as a young brother and sister watch . stand back , a elderly woman weep in disbelief as the monitor lay final touch on makeshift storm window on she aparment . Kathy watch , Barry by she side . kathy they be all widow ? barry that 's why they be so frighten to come back . ( more ) twb 27 . barry ( cont 'd ) they could not believe they would be safe . that what happen before would not happen again . except now with nobody to protect they . Kathy shake she head . the woman enter the building , they past life in shard at they foot . one woman , 40s , stand numb , a bundle of book in she arm , tear run down she face , as she teenage son beckon she to come in the door . kathy except we . barry I always think help refugee get home would be one of the best part of the job . but it 's so hard for they . Kathy nod , move . kathy thanks for take I through this . fill I in when you be do , and I will send my report to Rick Jones . another field officer rush up . a urgent look on he face . 57 int . iptf field office - afternoon 57 the field officer lead Barry and Kathy round a corner , to ... a young girl nearly pass out on the couch . her face bloody and swollen . Kathy run up to the girl , who can barely sit up . softly waking she . the girl come to , take in she surroundings , and ... jump up . a unmistakable look in she eye . terror . Kathy eye the field worker . he shrug , lose . Kathy turn back to the girl , and slowly place a hand on she shoulder . the girl flinch , then inch back ... shaking she head . kathy it 's okay , it 's -- but the girl hold out she hand , stop Kathy . she look around , completely disorient . desperately search for a exit . she eye they all , realize she 's surround and then ... she wail . lose control . slap at all of they . Kathy move to she , try -- gently -- to hold she tight . the girl sob . hopelessness in she eye . and then ... twb 28 . she faint . Kathy and Barry bend to catch she . kathy ( cont 'd ) ( at field worker ) call a medic ! he rush off . Kathy and Barry lay the girl down . she lie on the ground , breathe slowly , look close to death . Kathy hold she hand . kathy ( cont 'd ) who be she ? field worker I find she out in the wood . she be speak , I do not know , she 's not local . I think she 's one of the girl from the bar . look at the girl , Kathy push a strand of hair from she face . and as we stay a moment longer , we realize this be ... raya . a long way from home . but then ... the door OPEN . a frantic human rights worker carry irka , 17 , into the room . her clothes tear , she body and face bruise . Kathy look up ... human rights worker she be further back in the wood . irka see raya . sudden relief . then realize ... irka ( english / russian ) Florida bar ... ciysh ... six girl there ... iy policai ... Kathy look to Barry . barry it 's a bar in the hill . Kathy shake she head . she look at raya and irka . barry ( cont 'd ) I will take they to the woman 's shelter at Zenica . Kathy rummages through she file , catch up . kathy yeah . good . I will follow up at the bar . Barry shrug . Kathy 's mind be racing . twb 29 . kathy ( cont 'd ) where exactly be this bar ? 58 int . / ext . - UN suv - day 58 Kathy drive up a wind mountain road , check direction on a hand -drawn map . a local police car swerve by in the opposite direction . 59 int . UN suv / ext . florida bar - day 59 Kathy 's suv throw up gravel . out she windscreen , she see the florida bar : a dilapidate two story building , paint a garish pink . crude palm tree paint on the side . Kathy jump out of she suv , and move towards ... local police smoke by police car . a local cop lead a cluster of young women out the door . they blink in the glaring light , pale , out of place , lose ... at the end of the line , be luba . her eye darting between Kathy and the local cop , helpless . Kathy rush towards the cop . he eye she , dubious . kathy what 's go on here ? local cop ( serbian ) xo brovnic ce klety scey forzcic nay . he move past she , with the Girls in tow . kathy hold on . where be the iptf monitoring this raid ? shout echoes from inside the bar . two cop drag out tanjo zravbic , 5as . he see Kathy 's uniform and shout at she . tanjo ( serbian ) Zra slobovik brvicetic revic barziny traba ! motherfocker ! the cop shove tanjo in a car , and slam the door . Kathy turn to the local cop , stand with the group of girl . kathy be that the owner ? be you take he into custody ? twb 30 . local cop xivy slovic drinjnislava porslivky . Kathy look around , frustrated . kathy be there a translator on the scene ? translator ?... wait . he stop , impatient . Kathy pull out she walkie . kathy ( cont 'd ) this be Kathy bolkovac . I need a interpreter . at the Florida bar . the local cop watch she . Kathy 's eye rest on the girl . walkie voice ( o.s. ) ( accented english ) okay . I need a time and date . kathy now . walkie voice ( o.s. ) that 's impossible . we need advance notice for field call . the local cop talk at the girl . they do not understand he , but he tone be clear : total disrespect . Kathy move toward they , protectively , then see ... two UN suv park on the other side of the bar . two iptf monitor emerge from the bar . Kathy approach they . they seem surprised . kathy hey . I be from gender affair . I - - fred murray hey . Fred Murray . he shake she hand . tanjo bang on the window , inside the police car , apopleptic with rage . Kathy glance over she shoulder . kathy be that the owner ? ( off Fred 's nod ) I try to get a interpreter but -- fred murray no , no ... that 's fine . we be pretty much do here anyway . twb 31 . kathy oh ... okay . but there 's ... we just have two girl come in to a human rights Office , say they escape from this place . Fred seem confuse . Kathy pull out a clipboard . fred murray yeah . local police have be watch the place for a while . this whole thing happen pretty fast . I guess that girl must have run for it . Kathy look over as the girl be put into a van . kathy well , the girl in we field office seem pretty scared . I should follow up with this one . the local cop start to move , stubbing out cigarettes , get in car . the local cop shut the door of the van . fred murray you can see where they be take they , but I can not intervene . you know the drill . he shrug and smile . Kathy hear the police van 's engine start . turn to it ... kathy thanks . I will look out for you report . she rush after the van . Fred eye Kathy confer with the Van driver . he and the other monitor , drive off . Kathy be leave alone in the silence . she turn to the bar . 60 int . florida bar - moment later 60 Kathy move inside . the place be rank and dingy . a small stage with a pole in the centre . tables fan out around it . CUT wire hang over the stage . the bar area be fill with photo : young girl in various pose with man , iptf soldier . they range from the illicit to the obscene . kathy Jesus ... twb 32 . Kathy stop on a photo of a naked girl on stage hold the two open wire over she head . behind she , soldier applaud . Kathy take down the photo , horrify . turn it over . scrawle in marker : sarajevo firecracker ! she turn to the stage . plug in one of the wire . a huzz of electricity . tiny spark fly . she turn , and under the bar see ... a safe , smashed OPEN . a handful of U.S. bill scattered about . and ... passport . romanian , ukrainian , Polish . all for young girl . she gather they , surprised , and stuff they into she file . her eye be draw to a back wall . she stop at a panell door . and push . it open onto ... step : she shine she flashlight up the dark passage ... the beam of the flashlight find a door . a glint off metal ... at the door handle , a large padlock , smashed open . Kathy dart the beam over the other two door ... both equip with padlock . smashed . Kathy push through the first door into ... 61 int . hidden back room - continuous 61 Kathy 's flashlight over : hanging bedsheet separate the room into cubicle . putrid mattress . condom on the floor . her eye catch marking under a mattress . she pull it away . and see girl ' name scratch into the floor ... under each name , etched in , a list of amount : 50 , 100 , 30 , 200 , 20 ... some kind of record . Kathy pull back other mattress . dust. some family photo . and ... a rag piece of paper : crude drawing of sexual position . a number by each one : $ 20 , $ 30 , $ 50 , $ 100 , $ 200 ... the amount correspond exactly with the table on the floor . Kathy look around , sicken . 62 ext . women' medica shelter - sarajevo suburb - night 62 a run-down Community Center nestle in a shabby area outside the city . it 's completely unassume . from the outside , you might think it be abandon . twb 33. 63 int . hallway - women' medica shelter - moment later 63 the shelter be a convert gymnasium . peel wallpaper . Long - forget notice from before the war , postcard . patchy linoleum curl at the edge . a soft hum . voice in room that Kathy can not see . she walk down the hall with milena , 40s , bosnian , down - to-earth , forthright . milena ( accented english ) this girl be tell they have be buy and must repay the debt . they be tell a outrageous sum , think they ' will be let go when they earn back that money . but they never be . Kathy stare at she , take aback . milena ( cont 'd ) sex trafficking be one of the worst thing to happen after this war . milena hand over a medical report . milena ( cont 'd ) raya have a severe internal infection . the doctor find ( read ) " intentionally place foreign object cause a disruption of the vaginal wall " . kathy foreign object ? milena coin . she 's not the first . Men can feel deficient pay for sex , so they find other way to feel powerful . milena push through a door . to a dark hallway ... hanging bulb flicker intermittently . they walk . avoid drip leak in the roof . milena ( cont 'd ) we give she penicillin , but the doctor be worried there could be something more serious . kathy when will he know ? they pass a eating area . teen girl sit , pick at food , chain - smoke and flip through magazine . they be clean , but weak . twb 34 . milena unfortunately that 's all we can do for she . we be just a volunteer organization . Kathy stare at the girl , the sheer number of they ... kathy but if there be so many victim . milena we lose we funding because of that . ... she point at a basket of condom near the coffee . milena ( cont 'd ) it 's the U.S. Department of State . they have they rule . I will do anything to give this girl some protection . but the Department of State think " condom encourage prostitution . " ngos catch give they out , no longer receive US funding . kathy but this girl be not prostitute . milena shrug . milena they do not realize the cycle they start . if there be no condom in the bar ... they pass a room divider . see ... more girl . in there teens . all break . and desperate . milena ( cont 'd ) ... the guy want to find way of avoid std . aids . they solution ? pay more for virgin ... Kathy see a girl sit in a corner . she could not be more than ten year old . she sit alone . milena ( cont 'd ) so the trafficker bring more in . younger and young . now it 's a global industry . simple economics . if there be demand , you supply . milena open a door , revealing ... inside the room : a volunteer nurse sit by raya 's bed . she lie asleep . in another bed : irka sleep . Kathy watch . hushed ... twb 35 . kathy where can they get help ? milena try the Global displacement Agency . they have good medical care , lot of funding . they might take they . whether they ' will keep they or not ... I do not know . kathy where be the other girl from the Florida bar ? milena look at she . blank . kathy ( cont 'd ) the local police be bring they here . milena that girl never arrive . 64 ext . sarajevo - morning 64 unmhq stand over the crumble red roof of sarajevo . in the foreground , a cemetery pack with crooked wooden cross . 65 int . administrative office - unmhq - moment later 65 Kathy walk in . carmen sit behind a desk , pile with file . carmen hey , where have you be ? kathy I will tell you about it over a drink . could you just check something for I ? I want to get a copy of the monitor 's report from a raid on the Florida bar yesterday . carmen nod , and click on she computer . carmen you job be so exciting . the only thing I get to raid be the fridge . ( reading off the computer ) ... you sure there be a raid ? there 's no record here . kathy no . that 's definitely it . there be six girl remove from the bar and I need to know where they be take . twb 36 . carmen sorry . no record of any raid . Kathy think . something 's not add up . 66 int . corridor / office - unmhq - morning 66 Kathy walk . monitor greet she as she pass . she reach a office , and knock . kathy I be look for Fred Murray ? 67 ext . mine field - bosnian countryside - day 67 five local men in fatigue scan the field slowly with hand - hold minesweeper . one man hold up he hand as he device beeps . at the edge of the field , Fred Murray blow a whistle . everybody else stop . the man bend down , as all wait ... Kathy approach from the road , behind a fence . Fred smile . fred murray we meet again ! Kathy look out , suddenly aware of the dangerous situation . kathy be it okay for I to be here ? fred murray sure , sure . you be fine here on the gravel . what 's go on ? kathy I just want to follow up with you on the raid yesterday . that girl do not show up at the shelter , and I want to locate they . fred murray yeah , the whole thing be a bit of a mess . turned out it be a local police mistake . mix - up with the tip off or something . think they have a prostitution bust , but the bar be legit and that girl be just waitress . kathy Waitress be not keep under lock and key . another whistle blows . Fred turn to the field . twb 37 . fred murray shit . can we go over this later ? I get to get in there . before she can answer , Fred be move down the field . she watch he go . 68 ext . women' medica shelter - day 68 Kathy and milena lead raya and irka out to she suv . 69 ext . global displacement agency - day 69 a stark contrast , the gda be a new and shine edifice . Kathy 's suv pull up front . 70 int . global displacement agency - moment later 70 Kathy and the girl sit in the wait area . the place be modern , western ... corporate . in platinum base relief over the reception desk : global displacement agency . the lobby . magazine on a coffee table . the wall adorn with a huge framed poster of a young girl in a spiderweb . a caption : " traffiku zhinok ye sprav . 1999 " Kathy scan the hall . Endless poster . 1998 , 1997 , 1996 ... LAURA levin , 30 , american , groom , business - like , come around the corner . her assistant , 20 , lead the girl away . kathy Kathy . the new head of gender affair . LAURA levin I hear . Laura levin . my assistant will take they to the medical center . as soon as they get medical clearance we will know where we stand . kathy what do you mean ? LAURA levin well , it 's yet to be determine if they will cooperate with the repatriation program . that 's the only way I can allow they to stay at the gda . twb 38 . kathy they be critical ... witness for a situation I be ... monitoring . I will need to speak with they when they be ready . LAURA levin I understand . I will be in touch . kathy will you be contact they parent ? Laura nod . something still on Kathy 's mind ... kathy ( cont 'd ) the other girl from the raid be suppose to go to the woman 's medica shelter , but they never show up . do you have any idea where else they might have be take ? LAURA levin I do not know there be any other . Kathy eye the girl down the hall . raya turn , a last look . 71 int . / ext . UN suv / gda - night 71 Kathy start she car . she pull out , turn leave . then , crank the wheel right . 72 ext . road - night 72 Kathy 's UN suv swerve along the serpentine mountain road . 73 int . LAURA levin' office - gda - later 73 Laura in she office . high modernity . she work through she file . open one with raya 's photo on top . she dial . intercut with : 74 int . raya' apartment - night 74 the phone be ringing . halyna rush to it . out of breath ... halyna ( ukrainian ) hello ? LAURA levin ( russian ) Mrs. kochan , I be call from the Global displacement Agency in sarajevo to confirm you have a daughter name rayisa ? twb 39 . halyna ( russian ) ( straighten ) yes . yes ! LAURA levin we have locate she ... halyna fall into a chair , she chest heaving relief . 75 ext . florida bar - night 75 Kathy pull up to a parking lot full of car and UN suv . music spill out . back in business . she get out of the suv , move inside ... 76 int . florida bar - continuous 76 Kathy in the doorway . the place be dark but light by lamp along the wall . music pump . the place be hopping . a scantily - clad girl dance on the stage , she body writhe but she eye dead . along the edge , girl - the very same girl Kathy see release at the raid - ' socialize ' with customer . many of the customer ... in iptf uniform , other with off - duty iptf sweatshirt , and internationals in civilian casual . a few local at the bar , where ... tanjo command the scene , cheery , chat with a iptf officer at the bar . Kathy stand , freeze , until she catch the eye of ... luba , sit on the knee of a middle - aged iptf Officer . Kathy be fill with ... anger . 77 int . / ext . UN suv - short time later 77 Kathy speed up the mountain road . past many bar . one after another , after another ... all fill with UN suv . group of drunk officer spill out . she stop across from one , see : Jan come out of the bar . Kathy watch , stunne ... Jan help a drunk friend pile into a suv . he look up and see Kathy as a car beam slide over she . she pull away . 78 int . kathy' apartment - night 78 Kathy stand on the balcony . take in the cold air . a knock . jan ( o.s. ) Kathy , it 's Jan . kathy go home . twb 40 . jan ( o.s. ) I do not understand . what 's wrong ? Kathy stand , quiet . jan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) let I in . please . Kathy wait a moment , breathe ... 79 int . kathy' apartment - short time later 79 Kathy pace as Jan struggle for word . kathy how can you go up there , when you know what happen to this girl ? jan it be a good - bye party . I be -- kathy they be thirteen , fourteen , fifteen -- jan I know . if you let I finish , I get a call . some friend need a lift home because they get drunk . but hey lady , you better wake up ! everywhere be a brothel . the coffee shop down the street . the post office . my corner store . that 's how it be here . I be not interested , and I try and stay in clean place . and if you do not believe I , then fuck you . he look at she , hurt - he care what she think . Kathy see this . something she have not feel in so long ... need . jan ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? kathy no ... I be not okay . this girl ... what be this guy think ? she look at he , fight the urge to trust he . Jan brushes a strand of hair from she face . she let go . he pull she in . kathy ( cont 'd ) can you tell I what you know ? twb 41 . 80 int . kathy' apartment - late night 80 Jan and Kathy in front of she computer . they be on a iptf message board : flashes of various post : New girl at the Berlin bar ; New twelve Year - Old pussy at the Old Grill . they scroll down dozen of post . Kathy look at Jan , shake by the banal malevolence of a boy club go wild . 81 int . kathy' aparment - night 81 Kathy watch Jan , asleep in she bed . 82 ext . central sarajevo - morning 82 fog hang low over the waking valley of sarajevo . 83 int . gda - morning 83 a doctor sign off on a final examination of a now much healthier look raya . he smile . she sign a form . 84 int . laura' office - gda bosnia - day 84 Laura hover in the background as raya dial the phone . her face raw with emotion . intercut with : 85 int . raya' apartment - kyiv - same 85 the phone in the hall ring . but no one be there to answer . 86 int . roman and Zenia' apartment - afternoon 86 halyna at the door . Zenia pale . o.s. a kettle whistle . zenia ( ukrainian ) Roman will be home soon . halyna ( ukrainian ) make you tea . I will be quick . kitchen - moment later Zenia pour tea out of a chrome kettle . her hand shake . halyna stare at a new dishwasher . then a microwave , blender and small lcd tv . suspiciously out of context in kyiv . halyna ( ukrainian ) ( cont 'd ) Roman seem to be do well . zenia ( ukrainian ) milk ? twb 42 . halyna I need to borrow money . Zenia look up , unsure . halyna ( cont 'd ) they find raya in sarajevo . I want to go and get she . I do not need much . Zenia nod , keep still as possible . halyna ( cont 'd ) do he still hit you ? Zenia choke on she tea . conflict between love and guilt . she want so badly to say ... but she can not . halyna ( cont 'd ) you know I hate to ask . but she 's my daughter ... and you niece . please -- zenia I will get you the money ... but you have to go . Roman will be home soon . he will not give it to I if he know it 's for you . 87 int . rick jone ' office - morning 87 Kathy watch Rick flip through she report . kathy Fred Murray . there be other officer too . but the raid be not in the book . this girl be just send back . they be clearly not waitress . they be victim . I think iptf be pay off to turn a blind eye . rick jone that 's a serious allegation . and you do not have any evidence . I can not open a investigation base on a hunch . he drop the papers . rick jone ( cont 'd ) you be gonna need more than this . 88 int . gda bosnia - afternoon 88 raya and irka sit across from Laura levin . she slide a document over to each of they . twb 43. LAURA levin ( russian ) if you sign here , you confirm that you be voluntarily enter the repatriation program at the gda . raya eye irka , confuse . Laura soften slightly ... LAURA levin ( cont 'd ) this mean we can get you out of Bosnia . be not that what you want ? raya 's eye widen . irka be shocked , but joyous . they never think this moment would come ... LAURA levin ( cont 'd ) you will stay here for two week , to continue medical treatment as well as psychological counsell . we will give you a ticket home and a stipend of $ 200 to get start when you return . suddenly irka 's face drop . irka ( russian ) but ... what do I do then ? my parent be kill in kosovo . it be my brother who sell I here ... can not I go somewhere else ? Laura fumble . LAURA levin we can only send you home , but what you choose to do after that be up to you . but now , angry tear well in raya 's eye . she look up , tear . raya ( russian ) what about the other , the girl in the bar . my friend luba , we run , she could not ... I do not know where she be ... I can not go without she . please ... Laura pause , take aback . LAURA levin I be sorry , but my role here be to get you home . otherwise you stay in Bosnia , where you ... could face charge for illegal prostitution . raya stare , reeling ... to be make to feel like a criminal ? twb 44 . irka I will sign . raya look at she , but irka do not look back . 89 int . kathy' office - unmhq - short time later 89 Kathy stare out across the central courtyard . into the adjoin building . through the glass , she watch ... Fred Murray lead new recruit through the hall . he joke around , as the officer eye he with respect . the phone ring . Kathy turn . 90 int . gda - afternoon 90 Kathy stand in disbelief . Laura be stern . kathy raya and irka could be key witness in a UN investigation . I think we be all on the same team . LAURA levin irka can stay . but I can not keep raya here . she be refuse to cooperate in the repatriation program . kathy please , just let she stay two week . then we can take it from there . LAURA levin we only house fourteen girl . it 's a valuable spot . kathy two week . if she 's go to testify , she 's not safe anywhere else . Laura shrug , resign . 91 int . interview room - short time later 91 Kathy sit across from raya . a translator to the side , translate as raya speak . raya ( ukrainian ) we be suppose to work in a hotel . ( shaking she head ) now ... I can be charge with prostitution ? twb 45 . kathy there be another option ... I want to help you find you friend . but you need to help I do that . Kathy take out the photo of Fred Murray and lay it on the table . raya eye it , defiant , no reason to trust she . kathy ( cont 'd ) none of this be you fault . I want to go after the people who hurt you . but I need to know exactly what happen . as a witness in UN custody , you will be protect and will not be charge for any crime . raya stare , still not convinced . raya I ... the translator start . raya stop she . frustrate . turn to Kathy ... raya ( broken english ) ( cont 'd ) UN will protect I ? they do not protect I when they drink in bar and fuck I and my friend . Kathy be humble . she look at raya , open , raw ... kathy I have a daughter , just you age ... I would not stop until I find she . the two woman stare at each other . a silent connection . raya look down , almost ... ashamed . struggle to get this out ... raya I only leave because ... there be nothing , no job , no ... chance . I be good in school . but with no money ... my mother ... she be on she own . she work so hard . but nothing change . I think I could help she . he say we would work in a hotel . with good wage ... tear gather in she eye ... it 's terrifying to remember ... raya ( cont 'd ) but ... when we get there ... other girl be there . like we . from Ukraine , moldova , Romania , everywhere ... we be in the middle of nowhere . ( more ) twb 46 . raya ( cont 'd ) nobody could hear we ... they ... rape we ... one girl go crazy , scream ... he shoot she . he shoot she right in the head . then we be ... sell . like animal . raya be stop by a rush of tear . Kathy reach for she hand . look at this girl , so young ... raya look Kathy squarely in the face . she slide the photo of Murray toward she . kathy do you know this man ? raya nod . raya he be not the only one . they come every month . tanjo give they money , so they do not raid the bar . that day you come ... tanjo do not want to pay . they want to punish he . take he money . his girl . I run ... raya sob , know she have betrayed the system . betting she life on the hope that this system will not betray she . 92 ext . women' medica shelter - night 92 milena lead Kathy through the hall . kathy I need to get evidence . how many girl do you have here ? milena at least thirty five . montage : Kathy sit with girl after girl . listen to they storey . write furiously ... Kathy interview eva , 16 . she talk through grateful tear . eva ( broken english ) ... many of they come in . uniform like you . different flag on the shoulder . I will testify . I do not care anymore . one bring cigarette . his name be Peter ... Kathy with a different girl , fadila , 17 . twb 47 . fadila ( macedonian ) ... sometimes if it 's a party , a birthday , they pay for a group of girl , all together . do whatever they want . Brian , the irish guy , say Bosnia be better than Thailand for girl . another girl , jasmila , 18 - stun , with haunt eye . jasmila ( broken english ) the soldier from Italia say I be he girlfriend . I ask he to help I . but the bar owner pay he off . he have a tattoo of Tiger on he arm . yet another , nadia , 14 , nodd . nadia ( broken english ) paolo come every week . he have a thin moustache , the other ... here I have a picture ... Kathy be not expect that . nadia throw down a photo . nadia ( cont 'd ) he love the firecracker . nadia lift up she sweatshirt , revealing a long scar . Kathy inspect the photo : nadia with a south american and U.S. iptf : they arm around she . one lick she face . nadia ( cont 'd ) they burn I . then they laugh . Kathy eye nadia ... silently in awe of she strength . kathy do you have any more picture ? 93 int . kathy' office - unmhq - day 93 Kathy pin nadia 's photo on a large bulletin board . step back . the wall be cover in photo of girl . Kathy reach for the phone . dial . erin ( o.s. ) ... hello ? kathy Erin . what be you do ? twb 48 . erin ( o.s. ) it 's three in the morning , mar ... I be sleep . Kathy sit back , relieved . erin ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Mom , be you okay ? kathy yeah . I just be think about you . erin okay , can I go back to bed now ? kathy yeah . of course , I just ... it 's great to hear you voice . 94 int . rick jone ' office - unmhq - day 94 Kathy stand before Rick 's desk . he smile at she , convivial . rick jone how're thing ? kathy busy . I follow up on the Florida bar . it 's worse than I think . there be a protection racket . iptf ... Americans , romanian , be take pay-off to make sure the place be not bust . that raid be a punishment bust , because the owner stop pay . but he must have settle it because the girl be right back where they start . lock up in the hill . Rick scramble for word , but Kathy 's not finish . kathy ( cont 'd ) I talk to thirty five girl at the shelter . all this testimony can not be ignore . we guy be patronize the bar in large number . Rick , serious abuse be take place . it 's all in my report . Kathy lay she stack of file on the desk . rick jone okay , let 's back up a second here -- twb 49 . kathy I have get two girl ready to testify about iptf take pay-off -- rick jone testify where ? kathy in court . rick jone a bosnian court ? not gonna happen . all International personnel have immunity . Kathy be stop . kathy I know . but there must be some channel , some exception -- rick jone look , you have do really good work here . this be serious allegation . let I look into how to handle it . I will get back to you . 95 ext . old town - sarajevo - evening 95 the market shut down . the Catholic Church bell ring . across the square the call to prayer echoe from old loudspeakers` . 96 int . kitchen - kathy' apartment - night 96 Jan stir a pan . Kathy awkwardly cut vegetable beside he . jan it 's different for we . we be all military or police . every contingent except for the u.s... if someone do something wrong , they have to answer to a military tribunal at home . with the Americans ... you dyncorp guy ? I do not think you have that . kathy so the Americans be not legally accountable for anything ? jan to be honest , I think we superior would keep it quiet too . I mean , I have not see a military tribunal . twb 50 . Jan can not help notice that Kathy be make a mess of the vegetable . he take the knife . she walk away , preoccupy . jan ( cont 'd ) you know my mission stay be up in a few week ... you could come home with I . kathy to do what ? she turn , glass of wine in hand , lean on the counter . jan I be just ... this place , y'know , it get to you . I be , I be worried what will happen to you a year from now . she put down she glass of wine , irritate . kathy you do not need to worry about I . jan someone do . she look at he , see ... it 's not discouragement . it 's love . kathy so Fred Murray could just walk up to a man and shoot he in daylight and he would never see the inside of a courtroom ? jan in Bosnia , yes ... but ... I mean , something that public could get he send home . and try in he own country . Kathy get a idea . 97 ext . olympic stadium - sarajevo - day 97 a crumble edifice , once home to the world 's finest , now a reminder of humanity 's worst . inside ... Kathy walk with madeleine , who unleash helen the hound . madeleine helen love it here . I think she have Olympic ambition . Kathy hand madeleine the file . she flip through . twb 51 . kathy I want this girl to testify in a trial against the iptf officer . but -- madeleine the immunity problem . kathy okay , but if the girl testify in a bosnian court against they trafficker ... tanjo ... they would have to mention what else go on in the brothel . madeleine nod . the dog come bound back . madeleine it could work . if you make certain that in they testimony they mention every sordid detail of iptf involvement -- kathy that be they testimony . then it would be on record . somebody would have to pay attention . like ... the State Department ? madeleine grin , proud . madeleine they be gonna answer for this . 98 int . basement - unmhq - day 98 Kathy weave around the corner of a dimly light , shabby hallway . she arrive at a doorway : vehicle dispatch . 99 int . vehicle dispatch - unmhq - moment later 99 Kathy talk to lewis , 20 , american . kathy ... and the two girl have to go to the hospital to get immunize , or they can not stay in the country . I need a armored security vehicle . Lewis look at she , almost laugh . lewis you be lucky you have a car at all . we be stretch to the limit . besides , be not this a local police matter ? try they . twb 52 . 100 ext . local police station - day 100 Kathy park she suv . 101 int . local police station - day 101 Kathy walk into the station , draw the attention of the local cop . danik roll he eye . kathy I be look for -- danik turn away ... danik ( bosniak ) viko ... you american girlfriend be here ! Kathy eye danik . viko come out , smile broadly at Kathy . 102 ext . local police station - moment later 102 Kathy and viko walk out , energize with a sense of purpose . viko it 's no problem . the Van be just sit here . let 's go . they arrive at a police van . Kathy eye it . viko ( cont 'd ) it 's not exactly armored , but it will do the trick . you follow I , yes ? he jump in , and start it up . Kathy follow in she UN suv . across the street , a local man watch from inside a car . 103 ext . gda bosnia - evening 103 Kathy swerve up . viko have the Van park right up against the door . Kathy jump out . 104 int . foyer - gda bosnia - moment later 104 Laura lead a very scared raya out . Kathy smile , gentle . kathy ( at Laura ) where 's irka ? Laura take a deep breath , eyeing raya ... LAURA levin I need to have a word with you . twb 53. Kathy look at she watch -- at raya . viko tap she shoulder . viko I will take she . meet we when you be do . as viko and raya leave , Kathy stop she ... kathy I will be right behind you . be you okay ? raya nod , trust in Kathy . who turn , angry , back to ... LAURA levin I be go to call you . there be a problem . during we repatriation procedure , we realize irka have no passport . kathy so we get she one . where be she ? LAURA levin you do not get it . she be trafficked from belgrade . her parent be kill in kosovo . and she have no documentation . no embassy will recognize she . she be a girl without a country . kathy she be a witness for a UN investigation ! gda employees peer . a intern betray a twinge of complicity . LAURA levin we hand she over to the police a few hour ago . I could not keep she . I have already do every favour I could for you . this be not on I . kathy you have no right to do that ! LAURA levin I have every right . we have a system that work here . you be the one disrupt it . Kathy stare at she . fuming . kathy where do they take she ? Laura shrug . shake off guilt have become a necessary habit . just then the door open . and ... twb 54 . halyna walk in . disorient , emotion rise ... halyna ( broken english ) I ... look for Laura levin ? LAURA levin ( russian ) that 's I . Kathy hold she anger , smile respectfully at halyna . Laura lead she away . Kathy search for a answer , she eye landing on ... the intern. unrelent ... kathy if you know anything , this be on you . intern I think the cop leave they somewhere near the border , so that with no papers , the girl have to cross the border illegally . take the 103 to visegrad . 105 int . / ext . UN suv - night 105 Kathy . speed down the 103 . a two - lane wind road . see ... nothing but the 20 foot she headlight show . intercut with : 106 int . / ext . police van / sarajevo - same 106 viko steer the Van around a corner . raya sit in the back . 107 int . LAURA levin' office - gda bosnia - same 107 Laura hand a excited halyna a cup of tea . LAURA ( russian ) she will be back in about a hour . 108 int . / ext . UN suv - same 108 Kathy 's eye glued on the road , try to make out a sign ... landmine . then another sign ... visegrad pravo . sharp turn . onto a gravel road . she brake . skidding . 109 int . police van / ext . sarajevo - same 109 viko stop at a traffic light . raya peer out a crack in the van . see ... Young women in the street . laugh . twb 55 . 110 int . / ext . UN suv - same 110 Kathy slow she car ... flickering light . she approach ... a border station : a gravel road lead up to it . Kathy slow . border guard smoke and play card . one guard saunter over . kathy I be look for a girl . she be drop here a few hour ago . he shrug , shaking he head . kathy ( cont 'd ) can you check the border log ? she 's about 15 , the police bring she here but she do not have a passport . maybe -- guard Lady . I know what you be look for . that girl do not go through the border . they go through there ... he point ... a thick Forest . stretch for mile . guard ( cont 'd ) to Serbia . Kathy stare at the endless forest . a dirt road cut through the middle . she jump in she suv , and hurtle down the road . 111 int . / ext . police van / sarajevo - same 111 viko turn down a narrow street . he glance in he rear view mirror . a old trabbant follow he . he veer down a alley . 112 ext . forest - night 112 Kathy 's suv crawl alongside the forest . highbeam off the top of the car . scanning all around . then , in a clear up ahead ... a silhouette . Kathy accelerate . 113 int . / ext . police van alley / sarajevo - same 113 viko eye the mirror . all clear . turn onto a deserted STREET . 114 ext . forest - night 114 Kathy hurtle closer to the silhouette ... twb 56 . she turn . it 's irka . Kathy crank the wheel , drive off the road and onto ... a wide field the suv be jolted by the uneven terrain . irka peer into the blind light . then run ... 115 int . / ext . police van / sarajevo - same 115 viko drive up the desert street . suddenly two batter mercede fly out from side road and block the way . viko brake hard . raya be throw to the side of the Van . 116 ext . forest - night 116 Kathy stop the car , jump out , and run after irka . kathy irka ! irka 's leg start to give . Kathy gain on she . 117 int . / ext . police van / sarajevo - same 117 viko reverse and turn -- but a mercede roar -- ' round the other side -- bashing the side of the Van . 118 ext . forest - night 118 Kathy feel irka slow down . 119 int . / ext . police van / sarajevo - same 119 two men jump out of the car . with rifle . viko speed forward . but .. gunfire . raya scream . a tire blown out . the Van skid to a halt . viko smashes against the window . raya try the door , but they will not open . she wail , slamming herself against the door . desperate . 120 ext . forest - night 120 Kathy raise she arm , wave ... irka turn . Kathy can see she clearly now , disorient beyond bear . irka shield she face from the distant headlight . twb 57 . Kathy step out of they glare . and then ... irka recognize she . she collapse , release confuse tear . Kathy walk over , careful , slowly bend to help . irka please ... let I die . Kathy hold she . as the young girl cry . 121 int . / ext . police van / sarajevo - same 121 the Men approach the Van . raya 's banging echoes from inside , reverberate around the empty street . nobody can hear she ... 122 ext . bosnian countryside - night 122 isolate star peek through cloud , drift over dark hill stretch far into the horizon .... 123 int . kathy' office - unmhq - night 123 Kathy and viko sit silent . Barry hang up the phone . barry okay . we have get a safe house in the mountain . nobody know she 's here , so we be clear to take she there now . Kathy look across the room to irka , who sit hunch , look out the window . totally alone . 124 ext . farm house - mountain - night 124 a middle aged couple lead irka inside a small home . in the middle of nowhere . shroud in the black night . nobody will find she here . in the doorway , irka turn to Kathy and viko . irka ( broken english ) where be raya ? they stare back at she . the woman close the door . Kathy and viko stand in the dead silence . his face bruise . kathy let 's go back to the Florida bar -- viko you think he would be that stupid ? kathy I do not care ! I have nothing else to go on , do I ? adrenalin overtake sadness . viko follow Kathy to the car . twb 58 . 125 ext . florida bar - night 125 Kathy and viko pull up . it 's in full swing . 126 int . florida bar - night 126 they step inside , and in one glance , see ... the whole set of girl be different . no luba , no raya , no tanjo ... the iptf barely notice she . 127 ext . florida bar - night 127 Kathy step out . furious . viko they move they already . kathy fuck ! at the end of she rope . 128 int . gda - night 128 Laura , at a total loss , eye ... halyna . sitting . terrify . halyna ( russian ) ... how could ? no , no , no ... my , raya .... what !? what will they do to she ? 129 ext . mountain road - night 129 a brown van snake through the distant mountain road . 130 int . brown van - same 130 ivan , 40s , drive . tanjo be in the passenger seat . tanjo ( serbian ) we will stop soon . we be far enough now . Ivan nod . tanjo crane into the back of the van . he turn on a overhead light , revealing ... five girl . huddle in the back . tanjo ( russian ) ( cont 'd ) so you want to testify ? all the girl turn to ... raya . they conscience paralyze by the need to survive . terrify , raya look to ... luba . her eye plead for support . but luba turn away . twb 59 . tanjo ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . we all move to a new bar now . somewhere no one will come look for you . then we have a conversation . the girl avoid raya 's gaze . she sob . tanjo turn off the light . the van drive off into the unknown . 131 ext . parking lot - back entrance - unmhq - morning 131 Kathy stand by she suv , watch monitor set off for the day . then she see ... Fred Murray emerge with colleague , laugh . he stop when he see Kathy , gaze over , serious . 132 ext . parking lot - unmhq - day 132 Kathy and Fred walk between the park car . kathy she 's fifteen . I be begging you -- fred murray I do not know what you be talk about . kathy if you know any of the other bar he own , anything ... I be appeal to -- fred murray hey . I be gonna say this one more time . and you can put this down in you investigation on I . I do not know what you be talk about . he leave . Kathy stand , a black speck in the patchwork of white UN suv spread across the lot . 133 int . rick jone office - unmhq - day 133 Rick 's secretary shake she head at Kathy . secretary I have call and page . he say he can not get into this now . kathy do he know that one of my witness be abduct ? where be he ? secretary sorry Kathy , he really do not tell I . twb 60 . 134 int . madeleine rees ' office - morning 134 madeleine it 's not you fault . Kathy be downcast . she nod , not totally convinced . kathy irka will not testify now . it 's completely understandable . she 's way too scared . I just ... I do not know what to do with she . the gda will not take she and she trafficker will find she if she 's in this city . emotion take over ... kathy ( cont 'd ) this girl be drag into this country like cattle and then the system that 's suppose to help they spit they right back out . it barely recognize sex trafficking as a problem even though it 's a fuck epidemic , and everyone know it . be we suppose to wait around for that to change ? madeleine maybe it 's time for a little diplomacy ... do you have a nice frock ? 135 int . kathy' aparment - night 135 Kathy stand in front of a mirror , in a black dress , she hair hang down to she shoulder . she stand , awkward . kathy really ? you think it 's okay ? she turn to Jan and carmen , sit on she bed . Jan smile . jan you be beautiful . but carmen be tilting she head , doubtful . carmen you can stop stand like a farmer 's wife for starter . this people be dignitary . you gotta up you game . she approach she , and sweep she hair up into a elegant chignon . she take off she own earring and put they on Kathy . Jan nod , impressed . Kathy eye herself , pleased . twb 61 . 136 int . / ext . car / sarajevo hill - evening 136 a white volkswagon rabbit speed though the sarajevo hill . madeleine be elegant in a suit . Kathy look at she black dress , self - conscious . kathy be there a specific way of address the High commissioner of the Mission ? madeleine I call he Bill . Kathy nod , nervous . they pull into a circular drive ... 137 ext . U.S. ambassador's residence - short time later 137 the house be incongruous in its context : manicure garden , remodelled facade . and tonight its black tie and catering . a elegant woman come to greet they . she be ... madeleine ( familiar ) Mrs. ambassador ! how do we do ? janet well we do what we can . great to see you madeleine . Janet smile with the delicatesse of a diplomatic spouse . madeleine I hope you do not mind , I have bring along a friend . this be Kathy bolkovac . Kathy hold out she hand , a little nervous . janet well great . I need as many gal pal as I can get . look at this place . she gesture toward the room . a haze of cigar smoke hover over the gaggle of man . Kathy 's eye zero in on Bill hyne surrounded by a group of japanese diplomat . Bill notice she and madeleine . he wave , familiar . madeleine nod , humoring . ambassador JOHN well , 40s , slide he hand on Janet 's back . ambassador well what be you thought on dinner ? twb 62 . janet well I think people be still busy drink . John shake madeleine 's hand , darting he eye over Kathy . ambassador well speak of , what can I get you lady ? madeleine look at Kathy . kathy thank you , Mr. ambassador . ah , I will have a wine please . ambassador well ( nodd ) come right up . madeleine , white for you ? Kathy notice the respect he show she . Janet lead they in , chat with madeleine . Kathy survey the room full of dignitary . 138 ext . back patio - U.S. ambassador's residence - night 138 a stun view of sarajevo at night . Kathy stand alone . a waiter offer she a convolute hor d'oeuvre . she take it , gracious . try to figure out what it be when ... man' voice ( o.s. ) Nice view , no ? Kathy turn to ... peter ward , 40s , smoking a cigarette . kathy oh I ... I just need some air . peter ward trust I , I know the feel . I hate this stuffy event . you never know anyone 's agenda . he eye she . she look past he ... at Bill hyne . Peter see . peter ward ( cont 'd ) oh ... well that 's a plan . madeleine ( o.s. ) actually , I have a different one in mind . madeleine and Janet come through the door . Peter stub out he cigarette , and move back inside . twb 63. madeleine ( cont 'd ) ( arm around Janet ) behind every good man ... patio - short time later Janet 's eye betray empathy . she shake she head , upset . janet well they just leave she there ? at the border ? poor girl ... just the psychological trauma . how can I help ? kathy she 's very vulnerable to re-traffick . internationals get she in this situation . we owe she the chance to get out . Janet be keen to follow , but a little lose . madeleine we want to repatriate irka to the United States and find she a foster family . I be hope you could use you influence -- Janet hold up she hand , nodd emphatically . janet well we be go to find she a home . Kathy eye madeleine . impress . kathy I also think the american embassy should be aware of some of the problem we be have with we officer . madeleine interject ... madeleine you help with irka 's case can really raise awareness in the Mission around the issue of trafficking . madeleine give she a reassure glance . Kathy see the difference between a cop and a diplomat . 139 int . kathy' office - unmhq - night 139 Kathy stand . still in she dress , go through file . proud of the night 's accomplishment , but she eye linger on the board of girl ... on the picture of raya 's apb . twb 64 . 140 ext . bosnian countryside - early morning 140 Sun over the hill . a dog follow a young boy , 5 , through a field . the boy stop , see a brown van down the road . he run , wave as the van approach . it slow to meet he . in the van ... Ivan roll down the window . boy ( serbian ) can I come with you ? ivan ( serbian ) not today . the boy look down , disappointed . ivan ( cont 'd ) tell you mother I will be home for dinner . then you and I will go for a walk . I have a present for you . boy what be it ? Ivan shrug jokingly . then smile as he drive away . 141 ext . bombed out build - bosnian country house - morning 141 the brown van pull up . Ivan come around it , and open the back door . he reach in and pull out ... a old bicycle . tanjo ( serbian ) you could not buy he a new one ? you have money now . ivan ( serbian ) I will fix this one up this afternoon . I have one like it . tanjo light a cigarette , move to the destroy building . tanjo they be downstairs . I want to get they out today . 142 int . stairwell - bombed out build - moment later 142 Ivan follow tanjo down rickety step . cry and whimper grow louder as they descend into a basement two men stand guard . tanjo walk past they . open a door . ushering Ivan inside where ... twb 65 . girl be huddle together . luba , and three other . they look up ... petrified ... offsccreen , the cry swell . we realize the sound be not coming from this room . tanjo wave he finger , methodically ... tanjo ( russian ) c'mon , let 's go . the girl stand , help one another . tentative but submissive , they move toward he . he hold open the door . tanjo ( cont 'd ) I want to show you what happen when you decide to talk to cop !!!! they jump back . his scream echoe . they move through the hall to a door on the other side . tanjo nod . a guard open the door onto a horrific site ... luba close she eye . but tanjo push the girl in , one by one they go through into a barren room and see ... raya ... naked . held down by four men . spread eagle on her front . wailing . her face show unimaginable pain . and we see that ... two of the man hold she down be extinguishing lit cigarettes into the ball of her foot . raya ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!! but we realize ... this be not the great cause of she pain . luba 's face whiten . eyeing one man at raya 's backside . a flash of shame in he eye as he step away from raya , and drop ... a pipe onto the ground . the man step away . leave raya . collapse into a ball . now the girl all understand ... there be no hope at all . 143 ext . conference room - unhcr - day 143 madeleine stand before a small group of reporter . madeleine the young woman , who shall remain anonymous , arrive in Bosnia as a victim of sex trafficking and have survive horrific abuse . ( more ) twb 66 . madeleine ( cont 'd ) ordinarily she would be repatriate to she country of origin . but because she be a orphan , she find herself without a home . I be pleased to announce that we have find a foster family in the United States . I want to thank Janet Wells for she assistance in make this happen . I believe this can stand as a signal that the International community in Bosnia and beyond be finally ready to recognize the grow epidemic of sex trafficking , a human rights abuse as abhorrent as the war crime that draw the International Community to intervene in Bosnia in the first place . thank you . reporter now that the UN be finally recognize sex - trafficking , how be you go to monitor it ? Reporters flock with question . Kathy stand in the back , proud . on the other side , Rick Jones watch . 144 ext . front step - unhcr - short time later 144 Kathy and madeleine emerge , buzzing with they success . madeleine nothing on raya ? Kathy shake she head , sadden . kathy I have send a apb out to all police station and UN field office ... but I be push ahead with the other girl in milena 's shelter . I be create a photo - line - up use the UN id database , so they can identify all internationals involved . we have get to make they accountable . 145 int . corridor - women' medica shelter - short time later 145 milena look through a glass window into ... 146 int . interview room - women' medica shelter - evening 146 Kathy sit with girl include fadila , nadia , Eva ... she bring up id photo of iptf officer , scrolling down the page . fadila point at one and nod , speak . Kathy write . another girl , jasmila , point at a picture of ... twb 67 . a iptf officer . she nod . Kathy bring up a new page of id photo . flick through page after page . the girl identify several officer . 147 int . personnel - unmhq - day 147 Kathy find carmen behind a computer . kathy I have a favour to ask . carmen shoot . kathy you have access to all transport vehicle checkout , right ? carmen I be a fountain of useless knowledge . kathy can you see how often Fred Murray have check out raid vehicle ? carmen Fred Murray ? Kathy nod . carmen look at she , surprised . carmen ( cont 'd ) Fred be send home . Kathy stand back . confused . kathy what ? why do not anyone tell I . be he be discipline because of my -- carmen shake she head . carmen he 's just go . meaning investigation over . they want he out of here . people be talk . come on , let 's get some lunch . 148 int . cafeteria - unmhq - afternoon 148 Kathy and carmen at a table in the corner . twb 68 . carmen kath , you gotta be careful . look , I know you be do you own thing and all , but you be investigate you colleague . kathy you have see what they be do . carmen I know . I know . I just , the stuff people be say , I be catch snippet , and I be worried about you . think about you kid . Kathy be silence . then ... a tap on her shoulder ... monitor look for you in human resource . carmen eye Kathy , concerned . Kathy follow the monitor toward the exit . monitor and civilian buzz about , talk . but all around Kathy , the air be silent . some iptf officer eye she , coolly . be she paranoid ? 149 int . human resource office - unmhq - day 149 officer blakely smile formally . Kathy shift in she seat . blakely I be John blakely , human resource . Kathy eye he , dubious . blakely ( cont 'd ) in go through you record , I see you have get quite a case load . it must be stressful . kathy ( deadpan ) a bit . blakely would you say you be under extreme stress ? kathy Excuse I ? blakely there be concern among some of you superior that you have become impulsive , reckless in you position . Kathy sit , shocked . twb 69 . blakely ( cont 'd ) we would like to suggest take some time off . you have some leave time ... Kathy eye he coolly . he slide over a booklet . blakely ( cont 'd ) see here ? you can consolidate you leave . we will contact we head office in the U.K. and ensure none of you pay would be deduct ... just ... take a little vacation . go home . see you kid . we be simply suggest this out of concern for you . kathy be you suggest I take time off . or be you tell I ? blakely this be simply out of concern for you . Kathy push she chair back , and leave . 150 int . live room - kathy' apartment - night 150 Kathy sit at the table , cover in photo of girl , flipping through the dyncorp manual , irritate . kathy consolidate my leave ... a fuck vacation ? she shake she head , overwrought . flip through the manual , see ... kathy ( cont 'd ) who be this people ? ( stop on a page ) and why do dyncorp , a company that send american peacekeeper , have it 's corporate headquarters in England ? she look up at Jan . he shrug , sympathetic , want to help . kathy ( cont 'd ) of course I want to see my kid , of course . but ... not like this . not by be send home like some hysterical woman ... my God , it be not that easy to up and leave they . if I go home like this ... it 's like come here , this whole thing be a ... mistake . twb 70 . she shake she head , lose in think ... maybe it be ... Jan sit beside she , concerned . jan nobody who know you could think that . kathy really ? I be lose witness , suspect ... it 's one step forward , two step back ... Jan try to jump in . but -- kathy ( cont 'd ) no , seriously . I be just a cop from nebraska . what do I know ? Jan shake he head . jan it 's not what . it 's who . you know they . he point at the file and photo of girl splay all over the table . Kathy eye they , tear between self - doubt and something much more instinctive ... 151 int . LAURA levin' office - gda bosnia - evening 151 Laura sit across from halyna , who be heartbroken . LAURA ( russian ) Mrs. kochan ... it 's be a few week now . I do not know if there 's much point -- halyna ( russian ) but we -- I must -- I have to do something . there have to be something I can do ?! Laura take a second . suddenly strike with a idea . 152 ext . oasis bar - morning 152 a large wood house with a neon camel sit in the mountain above the city of tuzla . a van pull up . 153 int . oasis bar - moment later 153 raya , luba follow Ivan up stair . Ivan unlock a back bedroom he bang on a wall . five girl wake in cot on the ground . he motion for they to go in . they do . twb 71 . mara , 19 , hand raya and luba a piece of paper with crude drawing of sexual position . a price value by each . mara ( russian ) you work in two hour . Ivan and mara leave , lock the door behind he . the other girl go about they business , barely notice raya and luba . but julia and tanya , 16 , come over . julia ( russian ) you sleep on whichever mattress be available . the last two girl in have to share . tanya ( russian ) they bring we food in the morning . you have to eat it all , or you get fine . raya grab she head . feeling faint . she look for a place to sit . Julia and Tanya help she to the ground . julia do not let he see you like this . luba walk over to the other side of the room . find a spot and sit . raya watch she , hurt . Julia push a mattress aside . underneath be a ... counting system scratch into the floor . each girl ' name scratch with number beside it . julia ( cont 'd ) I be the close . then I can go home . raya barely have the energy to hold herself up . tanya what 's you name ? raya ( ukrainian ) rayisa ... raya kochan . Tanya scratch raya 's name into the floor . then one mark . luba ( russian ) it 's all bullshit - - julia no ! he send a girl back three month ago . I be here ! ( to luba ) what be you name ? raya eye luba who 's conflict between loyalty to she friend and she own sense of survival . luba tear up , but turn away . twb 72 . raya ( softly ) her name be luba . luba pankiw . 154 int . kathy' office - unmhq - morning 154 Kathy work , angry , urgent now . on she desk ... closer : report : photo id line -up . Kathy match circle id photo of iptf alongside testimony and Polaroid of girl . she work fast . circle the photo , slapping file close . when a ... mail boy slide in a cart , and place a stack of report on Kathy 's in - BOX . she pull the first one off the top ... a sticky note on the first page : insufficient evidence . Kathy grab another ... sticky note : unreliable Witness . she see the name nadia at the top of the statement . she grab ... another : unreliable Witness . and another ... transferred to Internal affair . Kathy fly through the rest of the file . one after another : insufficient evidence -- insufficient evidence -- transferred to Internal affair -- unreliable witnesses -- insufficient -- a photo fall out of one of they : raya . Kathy stare at it . her eye wander over the room , and fall on she predecessor 's batter old file box , still wait for Archives . she move to they . cut the string on the top box . rip the top off . Inside ... report file . slott in tight . she grab one . sticky note : insufficient evidence . kathy Jesus . she start ripping through they all -- yellow sticky note on all of they . voice ( o.s. ) kath ... it 's Jim higgins , out of breath , in the doorway ... twb 73. jim higgins they have call a assembly for all dyncorp personnel . 155 int . conference room - unmhq - night 155 Kathy and Jim walk into a room fill with dyncorp boy . jim higgins anyone know what this be about ? no one do . Kathy sit amongst the guy . until ... Rick walk up to the front . rick I have some not so pleasant news , but bear with I . ( off a prepare statement ) lately , local police have raid some house of `ill repute ' and a number of `lady of the evening ' have be take into custody . while the credibility of this witness be questionable , apparently photo line - up have be make available to they . Rick eye Kathy , pointedly . rick ( cont 'd ) this issue be currently receive a lot of attention . guy , you gotta be careful ... Kathryn bolkovac be head up this investigation . if you have any question refer they to she . all eye on kathy . they disperse , pass she , camaraderie obliterate . Kathy walk , livid ... kathy you have give every officer time to create a alibi . rick I be not go to subject my man to this witch hunt base on the testimony of some hooker ! prostitution be illegal ! you witness be criminal . Kathy can not believe what he 's say . kathy they be slave . by any american or International law . twb 74 . rick this slave be lie about they presence in Bosnia . you be come after american officer with baseless claim . kathy ... you know they be not baseless . rick jone if you have get a problem , go call the ambassador 's wife . 156 int . / ext . lobby - unmhq - evening 156 elevator door OPEN . Kathy come out . see ... iptf officer . all eyeing she . she hurry through they . 157 int . kathy' apartment - night 157 Kathy sit , anxious . Jan touch she back . jan they hire you to do a job they do not want do . it 's a p.r. position . she turn to he . kathy Rick publicly oute I , jeopardize that girl . I have to go over he head . but I ... I never think I would have to go into Internal affair . the guy back home would never understand this . jan I understand you . kathy yeah ? and how long do you plan on be around , because the last two guy who say that be not here . jan do not . kathy it 's just I wait so long you know . I want my kid to know I do something , to be proud . jan they be . twb 75 . kathy no . you kid be proud . you go on this mission and you be a big hero . I go and I be a bad mother ... ( tear up ) I can not believe I be gonna disappoint they again . jan so do not . he come closer . she look up . decide . 158 int . / ext . car - parking lot - unmhq - early morning 158 a blast of light through Kathy 's windshield . the lot be empty . she look at a pile of report on the passenger seat . 159 int . long corridor - unmhq - morning 159 Kathy , report in hand , turn a corner , and ... bump into a officer . she drop some file . he move around she , as she bend to pick they up . she walk the rest of the hall , focus , and stop at a brass plaque : internal affayr . 160 int . office - internal affayr - unhmq - morning 160 Kathy march in , nervous ... monitor turn and see she , know who she be , but try not to show it . she approach a male monitor at a desk in the front . male monitor what can I do for you ? the monitor keep type as she talk . Kathy hesitates , then kathy it 's , I need to speak in - camera with a senior ia official . I do not have a name , but -- Kathy recognize Peter Ward work in a back office . he see she , then close the door . male monitor just a moment please . 161 int . close office - internal affayr - unmhq - day 161 Kathy sit across from a ia official , 5as . he skim through the report , nodd . twb 76 . kathy I do a photo id line - up with victim who testify to international patronize of brothel , as well as complicity in trafficking itself . he look at she . kathy ( cont 'd ) all the case I file to my superior have come back , shut down . some of they be mark as refer to ia . official I have not see that . kathy really ? he shake he head , stand . official it 's possible they be still in the pipeline , in preliminary processing . I be sorry to have to rush this , but I have to get to a meeting . thanks for come in . he hand she a form . official ( cont 'd ) you need to sign here , that you be ask for this investigation . 162 ext . hill - night 162 Kathy jog along a ridge , with a view high over sarajevo . determined , panting ... she push past she fatigue . 163 int . kathy' aparment - short time later 163 Kathy come in , soak in sweat . the phone ring . she rush to it . caller id : unknown number . she pick up , breathless . kathy hello ?... sorry , who be this ?... just one second ... she grab a pen and pad . write : the holiday inn . 513. kathy ( cont 'd ) can I get you name ? hello ? hello ? she look at the phone , spook . twb 77 . 164 int . lobby - holiday inn HOTEL - sarajevo - day 164 Kathy move through the lobby , scan the scene of liquid lunch and diplomat . she keep she head low , focus on the elevator ding . the door open . Kathy step in . as they close ... two diplomat slip in . the elevator ascend . Kathy stare dead ahead . 165 int . hallway - holiday inn - moment later 165 Kathy stand at door 513 . she take a moment , then knock . 166 int . HOTEL room - holiday inn - moment later 166 Kathy be lead in by Peter Ward . she come inside , tentative , unsure who she 's deal with . Peter smoke furiously , a burn - out mission lifer , who 's bright , intelligent eye betray a last spark of the idealism that bring he into this world . he seem nervous . kathy that be you today , in ia ? peter ward ( nodd ) would you like a drink ? Kathy eye he , dubious . he pour she a drink . peter ward ( cont 'd ) I see you file ... Kathy nod . Peter slap down a file . Kathy look at it . kathy what 's this ? peter ward you file . kathy I do not understand . peter ward they be investigate you . Kathy stare at he . peter ward ( cont 'd ) do not you get it ? they be circle the wagon ... what do he tell you ? he have not see anything from you until today . twb 78 . she nod . peter ward ( cont 'd ) bullshit . top level dyncorp commander be walk into ia and remove you file . I have be tell to shut down all you investigation . kathy why ?.. there have to be some sort of a international court or body that can turn this around -- peter ward the United Nations . you be here . Peter think about how to put this ... peter ward ( cont 'd ) dyncorp 's contract with the State Department in Bosnia alone be worth 52 million dollar . we be pay ninety , a hundred grand , right ?. but it 's a drop in the ocean compare to they profit . this be a global corporation , top five defense contractor in the state after Halliburton and kb&amp ; R . you think they be gonna let some sex scandal threaten that ? kathy I do not want a scandal . I just want -- peter ward nobody care about you . it 's design that way . no oversight . no national or international accountability . kathy dyncorp 's headquarters be in England -- peter ward exactly . nothing lead back to the State Department . that include you ... so if something be to happen to you it would not even make the news at home ... no one would ever know ... poof . you be go . Kathy sit . scare . finally understanding the world she 's in . o.s. voice . Kathy jolt . Peter move to the door . through the eye -hole : a couple check in across the room . Peter turn back . see a panic-stricken Kathy . twb 79 . peter ward ( cont 'd ) if you be go to keep go , you have get to stay under the radar . make copy of all you file , keep they under lock and key . just ... be careful ... and know who you be up against . 167 ext . parking lot - holiday inn HOTEL - sarajevo - day 167 Kathy . unstrung . she cross the labyrinth of white suv . she look up at the osce tower . feeling watch . two sfor soldier walk toward she . eyeing she . she slip a car key between she finger , arming herself . watch they as ... they pass . Kathy pick up she pace . get to ... her suv . her pulse racing . paranoid . she check around ... the lot be empty . quiet . she be alone . 168 ext . UNITED nation mission headquarters - day 168 a row of international flag flap in the wind . 169 int . kathy' office - unmhq - same 169 Kathy watch the flag . she shift she gaze to the bulletin board . eyeing the picture of raya . then ... she move to ... the file cabinet . she pull out every file . photocopy they . then ... open the bottom filing cabinet -- push file to the front -- place the copy in the back . she step away ... close the cabinet . and lock it ... know she be operate outside of protocol now . 170 int . back bedroom - oasis bar - evening 170 raya stare at herself in a mirror . dress as a whore . 171 int . oasis bar - evening 171 it 's more of a medium -size hall . a bar , some table and a few `home touch ' . Maps of Yugoslavia . picture of tito . and full of iptf . raya walk through , ogle . she see ... luba , sit on mara 's lap . surrounded by ten irish soldier . the soldier ply they with drink , vwin ' they with charm . luba blend in with remarkable ease . rory you feel like a party ? rory , irish , grab raya 's hand . twb 80. raya ( force ) yes ... of course . he lead she to the back of the bar . raya look to luba , but realize she be alone . they walk through a back door into a room full of beds separate with curtain . we barely make out the shape of various soldier with girl in each cubicle . all busy . until a curtain open ... and Jim higgins walk out . his rite of passage complete . rory pull raya to the cubicle , as Julia come out . 172 ext . sarajevo airport - evening 172 halyna board a plane with passengers , but without raya . 173 int . kathy' apartment - night 173 Kathy open the door into the empty apartment , see a rapidly blinking light on a digital display : 14 message . answering machine click . click . click . each message a silence follow by a hang -up . Kathy stare at the blink light as the click keep come . click , click , click ... she rip the machine out of the wall . 174 int . kathy' apartment - later 174 we hear a dial up connection . Kathy 's at she computer . she bring up a Yahoo ! search page . type in : rick jone 2103 match for Rick Jones . she type again . close on : rick jone + colorado spring 482 match for Rick Jones + Colorado Springs she scan down the page . none of the match work . she shake she head , about to give up , when ... Chief of Police R. Jones in $ 1,000,000 Law suit a picture of Rick Jones accompany the article . close on word : Richard Jones fire for sexual harassment twb 81 . 175 int . kathy' apartment - short time later 175 Kathy sit at the empty kitchen table look at the picture of she kid . she hold she head in she hand . 176 ext . american apartment complex - sarajevo suburb - night 176 distant music echoe through the night . voice of guy hang out on they balcony . Kathy cross the lot , cut through the dark night fog . 177 int . / ext . suv / road - night 177 Kathy drive . Wide awake . the only vehicle on the road . 178 ext . ilidza station - night 178 Kathy sit in the suv . stare at the station . through the window ... Jan work the late shift alone . 179 int . ilidza station - night 179 Jan and Kathy sit . several empty coffee cup . kathy this be ... I can not believe you timing ... jan it 's a rotation . they be send we back a month early . I try to get a extension , but ... Kathy just stare ahead . Silent ... a long time . kathy I be not even sure I be stay . Jan sit back . stun . kathy ( cont 'd ) this guy ... Jones be a sexual offender . dyncorp hire he ... this private military be a sham . there 's no way around they . jan if that 's what you instinct be tell you ... kathy I have child , I have to think about they ... twb 82. 180 int . oasis bar - late night 180 a big iptf party . at the bar : raya wait with a empty tray . luba pull out a heavy crate of bottle . she hurt she back . raya ( ukrainian ) here , I will help you . luba slam two bottle on raya 's tray . luba ( ukrainian ) I be fine . I earn this job . raya I be just try to -- luba do not . you will get we in trouble . a iptf officer , mike sear grab raya from behind . shake she , jokingly . she laugh , familiar . almost routine .. mike sear how 's my favorite girl ? raya I be good . everything good . she smile , hollow and take the tray over to a table . Julia and Tanya sit with four men in suit . they be plaster . suit 1 ( german accent ) I wanna party all night . the girl smile , nodd , play along ... suit 2 ( american ) let 's go out . I wanna take you home . he squeeze Tanya tight to he , kissing she sloppily . suit 2 ( cont 'd ) Ivan ! c'mere ! raya eye Julia . Ivan come over , smile , a gregarious host . suit 2 ( cont 'd ) we wanna party on mate . how much to take they home for the day ? Ivan eye the girl . think ... twb 83. ivan ten time normal . pay upfront . and extra deposit . but you can not take she . he point at raya . ivan ( cont 'd ) Three thousand each . ( off they scoffing ) you bring back , you get back deposit . Ivan smile . the other two man be dubious . but suit 1 and suit 2 exchange glance ... daring each other . suit 1 you be on . Ivan wave to follow he . they walk with Julia and Tanya . raya watch Ivan throw in a bottle of whiskey . they pay he . Julia catch raya 's eye . they exchange ... a look of promise . 181 ext . bus depot - morning 181 the dutch contingent board a bus . Kathy stand aside with Jan. say goodbye ... franz pat Jan on the back . franz I will keep a eye out . Jan shake he hand . franz wink at Kathy . franz ( cont 'd ) ( to Kathy ) it 's finally we time . she smile , soft . drain of energy . jan get outta here . franz anything you need you call , okay ? he will kill both of we if you do not . franz move away leave the two alone . Jan hug Kathy . jan you come to I ... when you be do . he kiss she . the bus engine start . 182 int . kathy' office - unmhq - day 182 Kathy watch out the window . diplomat walk the hall . twb 84 . madeleine what 's this I hear about you leave ? Kathy turn to madeleine in the doorway . kathy how would you -- madeleine the dutch Officer ring before he leave . c'mon , I want to show you something . Kathy follow , downbeat . 183 int . oasis bar - morning 183 the girl clean . raya sweep , watch mara teach luba how to restock the bar . Ivan come out of the office . a bag in hand . 184 ext . women' medica shelter - day 184 madeleine 's UN volkswagon pull up . milena wait , smile . madeleine after we get irka repatriate , I have some call from other private party that be interested in help . we have gather $ 40000 so far . I have apply for match fund , so that ... we can completely rebuild this shelter . milena Separate from the gda . we run it we way . the victim come first . madeleine thing be change Kathy . Kathy be move , see a light at the end of this . the three woman stand , united ... then ... a shelter volunteer come out . shelter volunteer there 's a important call inside . milena Excuse I . shelter volunteer no . the call be for Kathy . 185 ext . oasis bar - morning 185 Ivan put a bag in a car trunk . he turn to ... mara twb 85 . ivan ( russian ) remember I can bring you back here the second you fuck up . mara nod . he shake she hand . Ivan hand she a passport . she jump into the car . it 's a odd farewell . Ivan head back to the oasis he scan the room . his eye land on luba . raya watch Ivan nod to luba . a silent exchange : luba accept mara 's role . suddenly ... honking . outside a car speed up . the two suit from last night appear at the door ... without the girl . 186 int . / ext . kathy' UN suv - short time later 186 Kathy slow ... see local police in the distance . 187 ext . roadside - outside sarajevo - continuous 187 Kathy pull up . through gather local cop , reveal ... Julia and Tanya . disorient . still in last night 's clothing . 188 ext . roadside - moment later 188 Julia and Tanya be frantic , talk fast . julia ( broken english ) they take we home . they be so drunk . we run . tanya ( broken english ) there be more girl ! you must to get they out ! go now ! they appeal to Kathy . julia Oasis bar . in mountain . Kathy eye viko . as the girl talk at she , Kathy know she be never go home . this be where she need to be . 189 int . hallway - gda bosnia - moment later 189 Kathy bring Julia and Tanya in . a intern lead they down the hall . viko come in ... viko should I call for a raid ? twb 86 . kathy no . he will walk . we have no proof they be trafficked . let I talk to they . see what else they know . 190 int . office - gda bosnia - short time later 190 Laura watch video footage on a tv . halyna appear on the monitor . her assistant pause it . assistant that 's they first cut . I will pass on you note , and they should have it ready for the grant proposal in time . a knock at the door . 191 int . lobby - gda bosnia - moment later 191 Kathy stand , curt now with Laura . all business . kathy I have no option right now . the gda be more secure than milena 's shelter ... can they stay before you do the paperwork ? LAURA levin they will go on record ? Kathy nod . Laura shrug in assent . 192 int . kitchen - gda bosnia - later 192 Kathy listen to a tearful Julia . julia ( broken english ) Ivan be good friend with the soldier . they come all the time . kathy and you be say this soldier bring you into Bosnia . through the border ? you be sure ? julia yes . in a van . White van . like yours . they both nod . emphatic . Kathy think ... kathy they have uniform ? like mine ? the girl nod again . absolutely sure . twb 87 . julia April 8 . I never forget . the day I leave my home . we come to Bosnia some day later . I know because we stop at the border . we be six of we . Men from the border , they open the door ... we give they we fake passport . my name be irena woycek . I think they would see the fake passport , I think ... she hesitates , the memory flooding back ... julia ( cont 'd ) I think they would save we . 193 ext . gda bosnia - day 193 viko follow Kathy out . viko if there be record show that girl come through the border with iptf -- kathy then you have conspiracy to traffick . and I can take it to Bill hyne . that 's enough to do a raid that will stick . viko the main border station keep the log . Kathy head to she suv . viko shake he head -- point at a old trabbant ( a life- size matchbox car ) . 194 int . / ext . trabant - night 194 the ride be bumpy . viko shout over the engine ... viko best if it look like a local matter . get more info . you be my UN monitor , okay ? Kathy smile , cramped , but appreciative of he help . 195 ext . border police station - night 195 viko talk to a border cop sit at a ancient Mac Computer . Kathy notice a calendar of pamela Anderson frolick in foamy surf . viko so when a vehicle be stop , you will keep all this on file here ? twb 88. border cop of course ! it 's we fuck job ! viko and other station up the border send all they file to you ? border cop some do , some do not . fifty -fifty chance . disappoint . viko light a smoke , offer one to the cop . border cop ( cont 'd ) you say 30 minute outside sarajevo ? maybe visegrad ? you might be lucky . lanky guy in they archive love to send file . Kathy look hopefully at viko , who shrug . click ... border cop ( cont 'd ) okay , 11th ... ( mumble ) ... no , no . you like ?.. Big exciting to watch bosnian police do boring thing ? Kathy smile . he turn back , click . then stop . border cop ( cont 'd ) you owe I ! UN vehicle with 6 girl in back . stanley Harris . he turn proudly to they . border cop ( cont 'd ) what you think ? all he little sister come to visit from America ? viko look knowingly at Kathy . kathy that 's it . conspiracy to traffick . he slap a key . the file print out on a old daisy - wheel printer . Kathy scan the page ... 196 ext . border station - moment later 196 Kathy and viko hurry to the car . kathy we arrest the buyer first . the bar-owner . the border log corroborate the victim ' testimony . once he 's in custody , we raid he place and get that girl out . twb 89 . Kathy jump inside the car ... kathy ( cont 'd ) the raid have to be small . no - one know the bar till we be on we way . 197 int . reception - bill hyne ' office - unmhq - evening 197 Kathy wait , nervous , hold the border log . the receptionist eye she . receptionist he should not be long now . 198 int . bill hyne ' office - unmhq - night 198 Bill on the edge of he desk . Kathy pace , frantic ... kathy that 's why I come straight to you . they be bring across the border by we guy . I need two back - up security van for a raid , with well - train -- bill hyne we resource be tight . I have to prioritize -- kathy ( hold the border log ) this be real evidence . and that 's just a drop in the ocean . I have hundred of file . photo , corroborate statement . we can build this case and get the perpetrator out of the mission -- Bill shake he head . bill hyne if I could give you a piece of advice it would be to think of the future . kathy this girl -- bill hyne be collateral damage . whore of War . it 's nothing new . every conflict produce they . kathy you know as well as I do , that girl be not a product of the war . ( more ) twb 90 . kathy ( cont 'd ) they be a product of the peace . for the peace - keeper . Kathy be repulse . Bill take a seat . bill hyne this be you first mission . you be eager . but we work in a very grey area and that can get messy . everybody want the UN to take the glove off but they do not want we to get we hand dirty . it 's a fuck catch - 22 . so what do we do ? we prioritize . we do we best and we always look at the bigger picture . you be a mother . Fine . I see what you be do with this girl . maybe that 's why you be think with you heart not you head . but you have a chance at a career in the international sector . ride this out . get a promotion . human rights in Liberia , Afghanistan ... I do not give a shit . and then , when you be run the show , you can implement whatever change you see fit . but right now be smart and shut this bullshit down ! the veil be lift . Kathy stand freeze . the blunt working of the machine be laid bare . 199 ext . plaza - unmhq - day 199 Kathy lean on a balcony overlook the main plaza at hq . she observe the sleek facade of honor and power . she straighten , and walk away without look back . 200 int . local canton station - night 200 a raid team suit up : five local cop and three iptf officer . viko turn and hand Kathy a helmet . kathy ( to viko and other cop ) try and get he outside first , then arrest he . once you have get he outta there we will go in . I want the girl to know they be safe . 201 ext . highway - night 201 a police van speed down the road . two UN van follow . 202 int . UN van - same 202 Kathy focus in the cabin fill with suite iptf officer . twb 91 . 203 ext . oasis bar - night 203 viko pull up to the bar . the UN suv skid into the shadow . viko and danik go inside . Kathy glance back at she iptf officer as they -- pull they visor down , and wait -- quiet -- wind in the tree -- music echoing from inside as ... viko and danik emerge , chat with Ivan . suddenly ... Ivan jolt back -- cop grab he -- he 's yelling -- handcuffed -- kick . punch -- they push he into the van -- viko slam the door , turn to the UN van and nod ... 204 int . UN van - continuous 204 Kathy look back to the iptf officer , raise three finger ... then two ... one ... the police van squeal away , as ... they slam open the door of the bar and rush into ... 205 int . oasis bar - continuous 205 bursting in the door -- client scatter -- rush to the exit Girls turn from the bar , the stage , the seating area -- disorient -- eye darting ... local police spread around the bar , slamm , push client outside . Kathy pull off she helmet and scan the room . viko we have a warrant to search this premise . the owner of this bar Ivan bladzic have be arrest and take into custody for human trafficking . the girl look at one another . be this for real ? the barman step forward ... he look like he 's have a few drink . barman fuck you ! Kathy eye the girl . they confusion , they fear ... danik , hesitates , confront with the vulnerability of this girl ... his face soften . he look to Kathy for direction . kathy you do not have to be afraid of Ivan bladzic . he can not hurt you now . twb 92 . but the girl do not move ... Kathy look out -- stun -- because she see ... raya . stand . shock . no idea who to trust anymore . one last shred leave of the dream of escape ... Kathy go to she . but raya 's eye dart to ... luba . then to Kathy , recognize the last kind face she see ... barman ( broken english ) this girl work here . they have all document , passport ! you can fuck off . two local cop grab he . danik cuff he . the girl be astound . viko hold up passport . viko fake . bad one . the barman be drag outside . Kathy scan the girl . ending on raya ... she faith awaken . kathy we want to get you out of here safely . that be my absolute priority . the girl exchange a flurry of look , speak volume ... should we trust she ? can we risk it ? kathy ( cont 'd ) ( to viko ) get that blanket out of the van . let 's get this girl out . but the girl still do not move ... raya . fracture with despair ... after all she have be through , all the punishment , all the pain ... raya hold luba 's gaze - maybe even she could be convinced ... and raya start to step to Kathy ... when ... behind Kathy , a iptf officer remove he helmet . Mike sear . he stare at raya . petrify she . Kathy see it in she -- whip around . Mike sear avoid she gaze . Kathy turn back to raya . move closer , quietly , out of earshot of the other ... twb 93. kathy ( cont 'd ) you just have to tell I you want to go . that you do not work here voluntarily . and we will get you to safety . raya want so badly to answer . kathy ( cont 'd ) you can leave with I this second . all of you can . but I need you to say it . raya eye Mike sear - he look to luba . luba turn back to raya - plead -- do not do it . kathy ( cont 'd ) you know I . raya can not look at Kathy . tear stream down she face . kathy ( cont 'd ) you can all leave with I ! ( to raya ) let 's go . raya . with she heart break ... raya no . Kathy look at the all girl . they eye flitting between Mike and Kathy ... and she understand ... Kathy reel around . grab Mike by the collar -- shove he to the door -- slamming he against the wall . kathy who the fuck be you ? what have you do ? what 's wrong with you ? what 's wrong with you ? you fuck ! Mike push back ... mike get off I , you crazy bitch ! kathy they be suppose to trust US ! viko and danik pull they apart . viko c'mon Kathy . it 's over . twb 94 . she step back -- catch she breath -- shake she head -- not again ... she look at raya , tear stream down she terrify face ... kathy I know this girl . I know she . we can not leave they here . we be suppose to -- viko if they will not come , we can not force they . nothing will hold up in court . they will be return and punish ... do you want blood on you hand ? the girl all return to they position behind the bar , clean , sit around the edge ... not one will catch ... Kathy 's eye . she glare at Mike sear . Kathy watch across the room , devastate ... as raya turn , give up she last chance to leave , and exit to a back room . 206 ext . oasis bar - night 206 Kathy pace frantically in the darkness . eye wild . viko come out the door , as it hit she like a blunt kick in the face : sheer helplessness ... she turn - fuck diplomacy , fuck bureaucracy , fuck protocol - and rush back towards the bar . viko stop she , grab she ... Kathy 's eye fill with tear she cannot cry -- her heart break . viko hold she tight , and pull she away . 207 int . / ext . UN van - night 207 Kathy sit in total silence , she face white , stare ahead . 208 int . bathroom - oasis bar - night 208 raya crouch in a corner , stifling she sob . 209 int . halyna's apartment - night 209 halyna pour water into a kettle . in the live room a tv show footage of the gda documentary : the gda logo spin . footage of halyna on screen : twb 95 . halyna ( on tv ) ( broken english ) it take I very long time to realize there be name for this of trafficking ... that there be big organization like gda who work for against this crime all this year . we see footage of the gda office . the place be busy , the staff member look sharp and efficient . close on : LAURA 210 int . madeleine rees ' office - unhcr - same 210 madeleine watch the same footage . close on screen : Laura . LAURA levin ( on screen ) with renew funding support from usaid , the Global displacement Agency continue to be the pioneer leader in international counter - trafficking . milena sit by madeleine . both sadden realize ... milena and we match fund go to the gda . madeleine ( shaking she head ) the State Department money monster . ironic , be not it ? that the very people whose money we need to fund a shelter to protect this girl , be the exact people they need protect from . she turn up the tv , onto ... halyna's interview ... o.s. a kettle whistle 211 int . halyna's apartment - same 211 halyna put tea leave in a strainer . listen to a tv in the adjoin live room . where footage of the gda play . girl voice # 1 ( o.s. ) ( broken english ) ... my husband tell I , I will be go one month . his friend arrange for I a job . but he friend buy I for two thousand dollar . halyna pour water through the strainer . girl voice # 2 ( o.s. ) ( broken english ) my sister arrange for my papers . her boyfriend do this for 12 other girl ... halyna put down the kettle . a academic speak on tv ... twb 96 . academic more often than not , trafficker prey on that they know . bank on the fact that a girl will trust they . trafficker be father , brother , sister , uncle and aunt ... halyna 's face whiten . it hit she ... 212 int . roman and Zenia' apartment - day 212 halyna glare at Zenia , who heave tear . zenia ( ukrainian ) I want to tell you -- halyna silence she with she hand . she walk around the apartment , take it all in . the money be in the detail . a lcd tv , dvd player . halyna 's hand trace over the thing ... halyna ( ukrainian ) it 's how you pay for this ... zenia Roman , he do ... I be -- halyna stiffen . a anger she think impossible . she grab a vase . she want to throw it at Zenia , but at the last minute she throw it into a wall . Zenia fall as the vase smashes . halyna ( ukrainian ) how. could . you ... sell you own blood ... tu xorobo ... where be she ? zenia ( ukrainian ) I do not know . halyna ( ukrainian ) where be she ?! where be she !? whe -- Roman walk in . halyna lunge at he . he knock she onto the ground . Zenia crawl to she sister . Roman step between they . roman ( ukrainian ) she be no longer you sister . stay away from I ! stay away from she ! halyna spit in he face . he smack she . she lift she hand to punch he , but he grab it and push she out the door . on the STREET halyna bend over , heaving . she run at the door , bang on it . pedestrian stare . a lunatic 's rage in halyna 's eye . twb 97 . 213 int . kathy' apartment - night 213 Kathy hold the phone . her hand shake . tear stream . erin ( o.s. ) Mom , what 's wrong ? kathy Erin ?... no ... nothing 's wrong . I just need to ... I need to say I be sorry ... I be sorry if you ever feel I be not there for you , but ... I love you . Kathy can not keep it in anymore . she let 's go and cry it all out , to the one person she want to be so strong for . 214 int . kathy' apartment - later 214 Kathy stare at she computer ... she press new message . close on a blank email , the " to " line be empty . Kathy type . we see the follow address : " UN chief of staff " , " high commissioner bosnia " , " UN secretary " ... she continue type . close on the subject line : do not read if you have a weak stomach or guilty conscience Kathy pour she heart into the keyboard . as she type ... kathy ( v.o. ) I be a police officer obligate to report crime . I have take statement from woman describe they physical , psychological , and emotional torture ... 215 int . oasis bar - back room - late night 215 the girl sleep . raya lie awake cry . kathy ( v.o. ) ... on arrive in Bosnia this woman be sell , and force to provide sexual service ... 216 ext . border station - night 216 a iptf van stop . the window roll down : it 's Mike sear . twb 98 . kathy ( v.o. ) ... they clientele consist of sfor , iptf , local police , and International employee . worse , they have become involved in the trade itself . 217 ext . halyna's apartment - night 217 halyna sit at a empty table . her face gaunt from worry . kathy ( v.o. ) ... it be time each and every one of you realize this be a serious organize crime , with enormous profit . 218 int . local police station - night 218 the Oasis barman dump a stack of dollar on the counter . fill out a form . Ivan bladzic be release by a cop . kathy ( v.o. ) you be peace keeper who come to protect the innocent but now prey upon they in the worst way possible ... 219 int . market - night 219 line of young girl . a buyer approach one of they . she close she eye , too tired to fight . kathy it be time to face the truth of what be happen . we can right we wrong , and move forward , ashamed , but accountable and transparent ... 220 int . kathy' apartment - night 220 Kathy finish type ... kathy ( v.o. ) we may be accuse of think with we heart instead of we head , but we will have we integrity . we pull back as she sit in front of the computer . nothing but the screen illuminate she face ... 221 int . back bedroom - oasis bar - morning 221 the girl can not sleep . the door open . luba come in , quickly close the door behind she . she rush to raya . twb 99 . luba ( ukrainian ) he 's come back in the morning . he 's furious . convince you will talk . the other girl rally around , supportive . raya shake . luba look into she eye , suddenly melting . raya ( ukrainian ) but I do not say anything . I will not say anything . I do not ... ( sobbing ) luba hold she tight . they friendship not bury after all . luba unlock a window , and give she some money . luba he 's gonna kill you . go! go! raya 's eye widen . terrify . she jump out into the unknown . 222 int . kathy' apartment - morning 222 Kathy button up she uniform . log into she email ... mailbox full in the inbox : email after email . all with the same subject : re : do not read if you have a weak stomach or guilty conscience 223 int . bill hyne ' office - UN mission headquarters - day 223 blakely , Rick and JOHN morgan , 5as , State Department , stand behind a fuming Bill hyne . he throw down Kathy 's email . bill hyne what be this ? kathy a email I write . Bill suppress he anger . he hold out he hand ... blakely hand he a document . Bill place it before Kathy . bill hyne the action I be take be for you own benefit . we be seek you repatriation back to the United States . kathy ( stunne ) you can not -- bill hyne I be do this for you own good . twb 100 . Kathy eye he , she gaze shifting to Morgan . bill hyne ( cont 'd ) right now , we be still willing to pay you way home . you need to sign this , to start you check - out procedure . you will be out of this mission by Sunday . kathy no . she leave . without signing anything . 224 int . / ext . madeleine rees ' office - afternoon 224 through the window : Kathy pace , nervous , tell all ... madeleine stand , resolve . say something . Kathy nod , skeptical . madeleine pick up the phone . 225 int . bill hyne ' office - unmhq - day 225 madeline slam the door , have burst in . she stop . squaring off with Bill . two warrior . Bill keep calm ... bill hyne I be start to get a fuck headache . all you people do be gender ... madeleine right . it be a core function of the gender Office . he look over , unimpress . madeleine ( cont 'd ) about the memo -- bill hyne the email ? it seriously concerned I . the level of recklessness she use speak volume toward she mental state . this be for she own good . madeleine bullshit . you can not just fire she without cause . you need a reason that would stand up in court ! bill hyne she 's burn out madeleine ! madeleine she be not burn out , she 's be burn ! twb 101 . bill hyne you hire she . you keep she under control . you have always want to run this you way . but I be not go to let anyone interfere with the way I run my mission ! madeleine then start run it with some integrity ! it 's you people perpetrate crime against humanity ! she go to the door furious . but before she leave ... bill hyne madeleine . Drop this . it 's come from above my head . she stop . madeleine this be come from Washington ? bill hyne yes . they want she out . madeleine leave . focus . something up she sleeve . 226 ext . american apartment complex - night 226 sulpher light . Kathy approach the building . the american flag hang from the window . but it 's quiet . spookily quiet . Kathy move quickly . alert . something move -- behind a car -- flash of a man -- Kathy pick up she pace -- eye forward , but ... the man ... come up behind she . Kathy flinch , as ... he grab she . she turn quick . realizing ... it 's franz . frank let 's go . like nothing 's wrong . 227 int . kathy' apartment - moment later 227 franz take apart Kathy 's phone . removing ... a small device . Kathy stare , alarmed . franz look around , frantic . search ... the computer . he rush over . turn it on ... on screen : a cursor flash ... franz type ... I have friend in british intel . twb 102 . he point to the ceiling . Kathy eye the wall ... linger over each corner and crack . franz grab the keyboard ... people be listening to you . Kathy watch the screen . afraid . 228 ext . drive way - sarajevo - night 228 franz lay talcum powder under a UN suv . 229 int . franz ' house - night 229 franz ' house be small , a bit messy . Kathy 's on the phone ... kathy he 's powder my car . intercut with : 230 int . jan be home - the netherland - same 230 Jan shake he head , horrify he 's not there . jan the door handle too ? check thoroughly to see if there be any print before you get in that car tomorrow . Kathy , be you listen ? Kathy nod . still grasp what 's happen . kathy so you know how we talk about live together ..? it may be a bit sooner than we plan . she offer a nervous laugh . jan Kathy , maybe it 's time to come home . she hang she head . then ... a knock at the door . Kathy turn . she put down the phone . inching forward ... eye on the door . reaching it , Kathy look through the eyehole ... and exhales . she open the door to ... madeleine Rees . 231 franz' house - moment later 231 Kathy listen , anxious as madeleine lay it out ... twb 103 . madeleine it 's bollock . absolute and total . you have sign a contract with dyncorp aerospace Operations U.K ... and there be no provision under English law for summary dismissal without due process or a investigation . madeleine stop ... see Kathy be overwhelm . madeleine ( cont 'd ) but there be something else Bill say ... if this be come from above ... Kathy , you need to prove that they be dismiss you because you be uncover wide - spread corruption within this mission . if you can prove that this be indeed come from Washington , that the State Department be instruct dyncorp to fire you . then we be talk about a conspiracy . kathy they tell I ... people disappear . they bug my house . I mean , I be sit here , worried there 's a bomb in my car -- madeleine we can fight this . kathy this be not just my career , it 's my life . I do not know if I be ready to be a scapegoat . madeleine that 's exactly what you be . kathy whose ? she eye madeleine , point . madeleine sit back . madeleine I do not know what to say to that . think about this . let I know what you want to do . I will support you either way . 232 ext . mountain - bosnia - early morning 232 a aerial glide over the mountain of Bosnia . twb 104 . 233 int . oasis bar - back bedroom - morning 233 the girl sleep in they cot , when ... bam ! Ivan kick open the door . he throw raya in . on the ground . the girl wake . Ivan . he pick raya up by the neck . she fight . luba run in . raya ( russian ) I do not say anything . I never will . why be you do this ? I just want to go home . I want to see ... mama ... mama ... but he kick raya in the stomach . she roar in pain . he flip she over . shake she . he look to the other girl . furious . ivan ( russian ) this all happen because of you . he pull out a gun . raya look to luba for help . but it 's too late . Ivan press the gun to raya 's head . he glare into raya 's eye . a flash of ire . raya reach again ... luba step forward , when ... bang !!!! 217 raya 's body fall . luba turn away . she cup she hand over 217 she mouth . but a loud cry wail through ... 234 ext . mountain - bosnia - day 234 the sound of luba 's scream fade over the morning . the wide horizon be calm . but a closer look reveal ... 235 ext . river - mountain - bosnia - day 235 police cordon off a river bank . through a open we see ... viko . keeping local cop at bay . behind he be ... Kathy . in civilian clothes . stand over a ... dead body . raya . Kathy stare , expressionless . viko clear the cop out . Kathy turn , and retch . she pull air into lung , then straighten . she look up to the tree , the apex of this leafy cathedral , as if invoke some higher power . 236 int . madeleine rees ' office - day 236 Kathy come in . madeleine look up from a phone call . kathy what do I do ? twb 105 . madeleine Hand in a appeal . keep report to work . watch how they respond . build you case ... and catch they in they lie . 237 int . unmhq - day 237 Kathy hold a envelope . hyne ' secretary look at Kathy . muffled scream from he office . Kathy leave the letter . secretary Ms. bolkovac ... I , I and the other secretary ... you email be the bravest thing anyone 's even do in this mission . Kathy nod , truly appreciate that . she walk away , she silhouette grow smaller and smaller down the hall . the secretary take Kathy 's letter . walk into bill hyne ' office Bill pace around Rick Jones , ambassador Wells and John Morgan . hyne grab Kathy 's letter . morgan get something on she ! get anything ! 238 int . personnel - UN mission headquarters - day 238 carmen listen to a anxious Kathy . kathy if you could just go into my office , I will give you a key to the cabinet ... but carmen can not even meet Kathy 's eye . carmen kath ... my parent really need the money I send home . it 's a lifesaver for they . my dad have medical bill ... I be so sorry . Kathy nod , understanding but disappointed . she be alone . 239 int . bosnian department store - day 239 out of date , and under-stocked , the store be as spruce as a little post - war tlc could make it . Kathy stand at a counter , where a clerk put down a chunky portable cassette recorder . kathy you do not have anything smaller ? twb 106 . 240 int . franz ' house - day 240 Kathy pace . she hold a tape recorder to the phone . kathy yes , this be Kathy bolkovac and -- intercut with : 241 ext . airstrip - sarajevo - continuous 241 ambassador Wells in ushere toward a UN plane . into a phone : ambassador well I can hardly hear you . can you yell - kathy ok . can you hear I now ? ambassador well yes . go ahead . kathy this be kathryn bolkovac . I wanted to discuss my termination -- ambassador well this be between you and the iptf . kathy ok . it's just that I be told you met with mr . hyne about I . ambassador well that be totally untrue ! who told you that ? I barely recognize you name . I can't talk right now . the plane engine be roaring . Kathy can not hear he . she slam down the phone . stare at the recorder . think . 242 int . / ext . UN suv / unmhq parking lot - day 242 Kathy , park . rip open a cassette tape . she look at she personage - this be not fitting anywhere . rain hit the windshield . the glass become blurry in the haze of water . Kathy grab a UN windbreaker from the back . stick the recorder in its pocket . 243 int . / ext . lobby - unmhq - day 243 Kathy flash she UN id . the guard eye she . passer - by also . twb 107 . 244 int . hallway - unmhq - day 244 Kathy walk down the hall . feeling it close in on she . turn a corner , to ... kathy' office Peter Ward stand in front . he can not look she in the eye . Kathy slip she hand into she pocket . fumble ... then look up . she 's get it . ecu of tape wheel turn . Kathy move forward . come closer , she see behind Peter ... a notice on the door : gender office shut down . Peter hand Kathy a envelope . look up ... apologetic . she read , stunne . kathy timesheet violation ? they be fire I for time sheet violation !!! peter ward you should go . kathy I be not go anywhere . not without a investigation . madeleine Rees be -- peter ward hyne have send a delegate to Vienna to have madeleine Rees remove . Kathy be stop short . peter ward ( cont 'd ) State Department auditor be here . ask for file on trafficking , prostitution and time sheet . Kathy stop . realizing ... kathy can you repeat that ? he look around , nervous . peter ward look , this be between you and I , but dyncorp and the State Department ... you know it 's a dual thing , and this be the action they have take , whether right or wrong ... I be be tell to do this . twb 108 . kathy so you be say the State Department be instruct dyncorp to fire I . Peter nod . and Kathy have what she need . kathy ( cont 'd ) please ... can I just go in for one minute , get my personal belonging . she eye he . know who he be inside . he should not ... but Peter open the door . Kathy go in kathy' office - continuous close the door behind she . rushing -- to the file cabinet -- take out she key -- to the bottom drawer -- Kathy push back front file -- take file out -- look around -- -- she grab a gym bag -- stuff in as many file as she can . she zip up the bag . look at the door . still close . she ... take out her tape recorder . huddle down behind she desk ... presses play . but all she hear be fuzz . peter ward Kathy . she turn . Peter stand over she . eyeing the tape recorder . peter ward ( cont 'd ) scramble device . she look at he , wait for he next move . his eye soften . peter ward ( cont 'd ) it probably will not work in most of the room . now c'mon . get out of here . she smile , silently thanking he . she shove the recorder in she pocket . grab the bag . thrown by it 's heaviness . Peter help she get it on she shoulder . he usher she out . lock the door behind they . they move down the hall when Rick Jones barrel after they . waving Kathy 's appeal . iptf officer come out of they office . Kathy rush into the elevator quickly look around the metal paneling . she drop the bag . a echo reverberate through the hollow shaft . Kathy turn ... twb 109 . again slip she hand in she pocket . this time determine . rick jone I be gonna tell you this in front of he and everybody else , you no longer have a UN id . you no longer have a UN job . you do not have a job with the Department of State . the Department of State hold you contract . they be the one who be pull it . you will not have a appeal . you will not have a hearing . you will not have anything . do you understand ? Kathy let the door close without say a word ... 245 int . kathy' office - mission headquarters - same 245 the light be off . the office sit untouched . move over the bulletin board , still overflow with face of girl . 246 int . hallway - UNITED nation headquarters - night 246 the hall . quiet . still . no sense of the noise to come ... reporter' voice ( o.s. ) ... suspect UN involvement in international sex trafficking . rumor of this allegation begin surfacing after a email be send describe ... 247 int . studio - BBC hardtalk - day 247 BBC chime . Bill hyne talk to tim sebastian . bill hyne I can categorically state that not one United Nations Officer have be involved in the trafficking of a single woman . tim be you say that you believe all this victim ' claim to be false ? bill hyne ( o.s. ) I do not want to make accusation about that girl . but I will assert over and over again , I run a zero tolerance program for that type of activity ... 248 int . franz ' house - day 248 Kathy watch footage of Bill hyne on BBC . she stare in disbelief . then pick up ... the gym bag full of file . twb 110 . 249 int . " brothel " - day 249 a iptf swat team burst down the door of a bar . they move in , wave flashlight over girl run in all direction . 250 int . editing room - UN mission headquarters - day 250 on a tv : Girls in silk robe . no sign of torture . they smile at they saviour . Knights in bullet - proof vest . the screen pause . a editor turn to Rick Jones . rick jone any unused footage . use it all . I want the press flood with epk . 251 int . madeleine rees ' office - day 251 madeleine speak to reporter . reporter what do you say to rumor that dyncorp be work to have you remove ? madeleine try I ... this raid be for show and completely amateurish . this be the biggest cover - up I have ever see ! 252 ext . basarabska market - day 252 Kathy move through tourist browsing for jewelry . holding the gym bag tight . she turn a corner down a side STREET 240 narrow . two people wide .. keeping she eye to the ground . 240 bill hyne ( o.s. ) we have have a UN inspection by senior investigator from New York . we have have inspector from the State Department . 253 int . UNITED nation headquarters - day 253 John Morgan lead state department auditor into the lobby . 254 ext . narrow alley - basarabska market - day 254 Kathy turn into a pizza shop . flanke by american family . she walk , knowingly ... into a back patio . 258 small and dark . Kathy spot ... a woman in the back . 258 twb 111 . 255 ext . back patio - pizza shop - basarabska market - day 255 Kathy sit across from joanna paul smith . eyeing she gym bag . joanna paul smith ( british accent ) I have be work at human rights watch for fifteen year . we have be keep close tabs on this . no one have come forward with anything solid before . kathy I have everything you need . when I arrive in Amsterdam safely , I will go on record . joanna nod , a glimmer of admiration . Kathy stand , shake she hand , and leave ... disappear into the crowd . 256 int . / ext . car / road - night 256 Kathy drive alone . check the rearview mirror . a car pull up behind she . it 's bright light blind Kathy . the car close in on she . she wince , but ... the car pass . it 's just Kathy on the road . the gym bag on the seat beside she . the culmination of everything she 's be fight for . her red tail light disappear into a dark mountain tunnel . fade up on : 257 ext . courthouse - london , england - day 257 reporter snap picture of Kathy . BBC reporter ( o.s. ) expecting a verdict today . two year ago , Ms. bolkovac take she case against she employer , dyncorp , to a industrial tribunal in southampton , because the company be govern by UK employment law . 258 int . courthouse - day 258 a three judge panel in a hearing room . Kathy and karen bailey , she lawyer . across from they , a team of dyncorp defense attorney . Rick Jones in the seating area . intercut with : twb 112 . 259 ext . independance square - kyiv - day 259 luba walk through a crowd . she stop at a fountain and look around , nervous . then she spot ... mara . mara ( russian ) Ivan let you go . this be what you do now . luba nod , understanding . back in the courtroom Karen squeeze Kathy 's hand . Kathy look to the back of the courtroom ... Erin smile at Kathy . so proud . judge swiss hold up Kathy 's tape recorder ... Kathy straighten . the judge read from a verdict . Karen 's face light up . Kathy 's win . Jan breathes , relieved . 260 int . coffee shop - kyiv - day 260 mara and luba sit across from a young girl , 16 . the girl excitedly flip through a swiss HOTEL brochure ... young girl ( ukrainian ) you both work here ? mara look at luba , a ' do or die ' look in she eye . hiding she shame , she gather she strength for this lie . luba ( ukrainian ) yes . it will change you life . and in the courtroom flashbulb pop as Kathy stand ... please , but not elate . the dyncorp team file out . as the judge stand , one of they eye Kathy . and they connect . as only true lawmen do . but in this moment , the judge , Kathy and we ... we all know ... she never want to win . she just want to do she job . 261 ext . kyiv - night 261 the sixty -story high statue of mother ukraine guard kyiv . 262 int . SMALL church - day 262 a priest deliver a sermon . his eye on halyna . she sit , hold a picture of raya . a sprinkle of mourner near she . twb 113 . 263 ext . mosque - sarajevo - night 263 worshipper kneel and pray . 264 ext . UNITED nation mission headquarters - night 264 the member country ' flag crack in the wind . white UN vehicle be park outside . the United Nations stand watch . fade out . fade up on : 265 int . BBC hardtalk - day 265 we end this film with footage of the real kathryn bolkovac in she BBC hardtalk interview with tim sebastian . show ... tim sebastian we talk to Bill hyne , who be the senior UN official in Bosnia at the time , we talk to he a year ago , on this program about some of you allegation . he say they be not true at all . he say ' we have have senior official from New York , we have have investigation from the State Department ... I can now categorically say that not a single UN official be involved in trafficking ' . kathy I think that Mr. hyne know this be a false statement . tim sebastian so you be accuse he of lie . that not a single word he say be true . kathy I watch that ... yes . Tim shift . Kathy sit calm . tim sebastian would you do it again ? kathy yes I would . no doubt about it ... I would definitely do it again . I be not the type of person who would ... as a law enforcement officer , I be hold to a higher standard . blackness . twb 114 . end title read : after a two year battle , a british tribunal rule that kathryn bolkovac made a protected disclosure and be unfairly dismissed by dyncorp for blowing the whistle . kathryn bolkovac be yet to be re-hired in the INTERNATIONAL sector . her name would threaten a institution funding . in 2003 , dyncorp won a multi - million dollar contract in iraq . this in addition to contract in columbia , liberia and afghanistan . trafficking in person be a global crime . over two million people have be trafficked for the purpose of sexual slavery . the number of unknown case be impossible to tell . please stop the traffic .