I be legend screenplay by Mark protosevich base on the novel by Richard matheson in 1995 , researcher at the University of Kansas use viruse link to healthy respiratory cell to destroy and replace disease cell in patient afflict with lung cancer . in 1997 , scientist at the krippen Center for genetic Research in Berkeley , California make a significant stride forward . by manipulate the genetic information in a common blood cell and infuse it with the characteristic of a potent virus , they be able to create a biological warrior cell -- the viragene . once introduce into a host , the viragene could hunt and obliterate the body 's natural enemy -- tumor , thicken artery , decaye bone . anything . the 'enemy ' would be consume , digested , and transformed into energy to fuel the viragene . it be a perfect tool . and the possibility be limitless . aids , cancer , muscular dystrophy , even the flu -- the viragene could beat they all . the first human trial begin in March of 1998 . the initial trial group , dub the ' krippen ten ' , be afflict with leukemia . this individual , along with Dr. krippen , be about to make more than medical history . they be to forever change the course of humanity . " be unconquerable lie with yourself ; be conquerable lie with the enemy . " Sun tzu , the Art of War . " we use to wonder where war live , what it be that make it so vile . and now we realize that we know where it life . that it be inside ourselves . " Albert camus , notebook . " ' let there be light ! ' say God , and there be light . ' let there be blood ! ' say man , and there 's a sea ! " Lord Byron , Don Juan . a video image flicker to life . a ruggedly handsome man with dark , haunt eye . eye that have see hell . neville my name be Robert neville . today be October 17th , the year 2002 . I be bear in 1960 , on this very day , so that make today my birthday . ( remember ) every year for my birthday , my wife ellen would throw I a party . a kid 's party . cake , ice cream , funny hat , " pin the tail on the donkey " . one year she rent a pony . it do not matter that we be grow - up and this be all kind of silly to the neighbor . she just do thing like that . she bring such joy into everything she do , everything she touch ... ( too nostalgic ) I be forty - two today . I feel fine . I feel fit . my mental state be ... pretty good . ( withdraw ) let 's start over . ( focus ) my name be Robert neville . I be bear forty - two year ago in Des Moines , Iowa . I have a wife ellen and a daughter Grace . my father 's name be Bill and my mother 's Charlotte . they be farm people . I hope ... someday ... when someone find this tape ... you will know who I be . what I be about . what I try to do . what I try to do . ( withdraw ) I think I kill six last night . the video image turn to static . int . neville's house - day ROBERT neville switch off the video camera point at he . he collapse the tripod and rest the apparatus in a corner . he wear short , a t-shirt , tennis shoe . he slice a CD into a impressive music system and mahler 's " resurrection " symphony blast from speaker throughout the house . int . neville's house - exercise room - day a serious workout facility . weight , boxer 's heavy bag , row machine , etc . neville push himself through a series of strenuous exercise . his body be in fantastic shape . taught muscle . lean , not bulky . his movement be lithe , almost graceful . more track athlete than body builder . int . neville's house - shower - day neville wash he body and we notice the scar . on he ankle , wrist , neck , stomach , back . a few be the result of crude stitches , the other ... bite mark ? scratch ? int . neville's house - library - day neville pass shelf fill with compact disc , audio cassettes , and videotape . another section fill with book and painting . only a carefully select few hang on the wall -- dega , klee , Rothko , Van gogh . the rest be stack like pallet . they must be copy . must not they ? a television give we the " today show " , a radio , NPR 's " Morning edition " , " resurrection " in the background . a wall of sound . the sound of everyday life . normal life . neville descend a spiral staircase lead to the ground floor . int . neville's house - greenhouse - day neville stroll the aisle of a hothouse . vegetable , fruit , herb , potato . all in carefully compartmentalize lot . pane of glass on the roof allow in sunlight . neville notice a loose screw on a shutter and pull a square of metal from he pocket . it 's a all-in-one - tool --someth neville be never without . only two inch - by- two inch , it have a screwdriver tip , a serrate ' see ' edge , a knife edge , magnify glass , etc . neville tighten the screw , hold the tool in he tooth --a habit - - and make sure the window be shut tight . neville pick a few strawberry , check the condition of a tomato plant , and trim a vine with the knife side of the tool . int . neville's house - kitchen - day neville sit at a table eat a bowl of oatmeal with fresh s-strawberry , sip a cup of coffee . on a wall mount television , Katie couric and Bryant gumbel . neville watch with a almost disturbing gaze . he mouth along with they , somehow anticipate the " live " dialogue ... neville / katie and for that of we who would like to lose a few pound , Dr. Art ulene will be here to tell we about he new weight loss plan ... ( if we pay attention we would notice the information contain in the tv show and radio " broadcast " be old and familiar . we know this storey . there 's nothing " new " about the news . ) outside , we hear a dog barking . neville enter a room adjacent to the kitchen - - a state - of - the- art medical facility . operate table , pharmacy , i.v.s , ekg , surgical equipment , you name it . he use a hypodermic to withdraw blood from he arm . he fill two plastic vial and toss the syringe into a biohazard waste bin . int . neville's house - bedroom - day spartan . bed , read lamp , a few book . a photo of he wife and child . on the wall , a historical painting show napoleon 's surrender at waterloo . nearby , within a second 's grasp from bedside , be a shotgun and a .44 magnum . at a closet fill with very few clothes -- all the same type -- neville lose the robe and step into a black tight - fitting bodysuit . similar to a diver 's wetsuit , but the material be more flexible . it 's some type of protective undergarment , compose of a kevlar- like mesh . he don a kevlar vest , a work shirt and durable pants . he slip on combat boot , tuck the pants into they , and tape they . he add a " utility " belt and fit the blood vial into a secure pouch . he strap on two wristwatch and chain a electronic pocket watch to he belt . again , the dog bark outside . neville all right , all right . keep you fur on . he pick up a remote control and switch off the tv , radio , and music . it 's replace by a eerie silence . int . neville's house - garage - day a no -frill underground garage . a land rover , sport car , and motorcycle . ( now shut off , the wall be line with halogen lamp . ) neville walk to a electronic control panel and hit a button . the garage door open , but it do not open vertically . instead , a horizontal panel slide back , parallel with the earth 's surface , revealing a slant cement ramp lead to the garage below . sunlight pour in from above . the dog bark . a muscular canine silhouett at the top . neville whistle . the dog bound down the ramp , delighted to see its master . neville react coldly . no , " hi , boy , how ya doin ' ? ! " nothing . we know the dog want a reaction , but neville be firm . he open a cabinet , grab a bag , and pour some chow . the dog hungrily devour he breakfast and neville see the bag be empty . he open another and find it 's crawling with ant . neville terrific . he dump the infest bag into a trash container . neville whistle and point to the land Rover . the dog leap into the vehicle . neville shut the passenger door and we see the Rover have be customize . the roof , hood , door , and trunk be crisscross with barbed wire . all window -- save the windshield , and that be protect by chicken wire -- have be replace by thick metal plate . sly be cut into the steel , but visibility be limited . int . land rover - day neville climb behind the wheel . the interior of the vehicle be outfit with emergency medical supplies , flare , heavy - duty flashlight , lamp , rope , wire , tool . the dog settles a a blanket a the floor . neville hit a few switch and close - circuit monitor flicker to life . via video , they show the side and rear view from the land Rover . neville start she up and the soupe - up engine roar to life . we stay within the land Rover as it ascend the ramp . neville ( don sunglass ) another beautiful day . ext . CITY STREET - day the land Rover speed along . we vaguely recognize the road as one of street of san francisco , but something 's wrong . the road be in great disrepair and litter with debris . the tree be barren , the area deathly silent , and there be absolutely no other traffic . int . land rover - day neville continue to listen to resurrection a the Rover 's CD player . he spot a drive - way and turn into it . ext . radio station - day High on a hill sit a abandon broadcasting facility and tower . this too be in utter disrepair . the land Rover be park outside , the dog a guard . a desolate wind whistle . int . radio station - basement - day very familiar with the equipment , neville connect wire , throw switch , and power up the emergency generator . int . radio station - dj booth / control room - day neville adjust the mixing panel and take a seat behind a microphone . ( throughout this scene we will notice that the radio station look like a tornado blow through it . ) neville good Morning San Francisco . Big Bob neville here with you this morning , as I be every morning . Monday through Sunday , seven day a week , three hundred and sixty five fuck day a year . traffic ? there be none . weather ? who care . News ? I be still alive . what about you , San Francisco ? how ' bout give I a call ? 1-800 -f-u-c-k-y-o-u . he glance to he right . the telephone switchboard panel be shattered , dead , cover with dust . neville wow . the board 's light up like a Christmas tree . too bad we time be up . if you would like to see I in the flesh , however , I will be do a personal appearance this afternoon at Golden Gate Park . today and every day . 12 noon . all you have to do be show up . ( dead air ) please ( more silence , then pop a tape cart into a player ) I leave you today with one of my favorite . I know you be sick of the fact that I only play classical music , but frankly , I do not care . I like it . and right now ... that 's all that matter . a Eric satie piano concerto . melancholy and haunt . ext . downtown street - various - day music continue as the land Rover cruise through the heart of the city . we do not spend much time here and it 's frustrating , because we can not fully comprehend the visual make - up of downtown . the street be desert , litter and dust blow freely with the wind and the building look ravage . loot ? burn ? destroy by earthquake ? ext . pet store - day neville and the dog exit the Rover and for the first time we notice neville wear a shoulder holster contain a .45 automatic . and carry a m - 16 machine gun . a high -intensity flashlight be attach to the machine gun barrel and extra ammo clip tape to its handle . int . pet store - day merchandise be scattered on the floor -- chew toy , plastic bone , etc . -- and the dog be draw to it . neville whistle and the dog obey , disappointed . neville switch on the flashlight and head for a storage room . int . pet store - storage room - day neville kick in the door . the flashlight beam dance to all corner . nothing but old supplies . the dog prance in and lead neville to the bag of chow . he heft they onto he shoulder . whistles . the dog do not follow . his vision be lock on a thick piece of rawhide . he turn he sad eye to neville , who give in , nod . the dog happily grab it between he tooth . ext . golden gate park - day the monument still remain , but the grass be scorched , tall , and dry . neville eat a sandwich he make at home and the dog chew the rawhide . neville check he watch . 12:45 . scan the area . absolutely no one in sight . forlornly , he stare at the ground , the crack in the pavement ... alone . ext . downtown STREET - day the street be abandon , building desert . the land Rover park at a intersection , the dog on lookout . neville stand beneath a lamp post , a coil of wire over he shoulder . he measure a length , toss it over the arm of the post , and create a old - fashioned snape out of the cable . he adjust , tighten , and pull one of the vial of blood from he utility belt . he take a rag , douse it with the blood , and position it as " bait " in the snare . satisfied with the trap , he whistle for the dog and return to the land Rover . ext . another STREET - day neville set another snare . ext . department store - day the land Rover pull to a stop in front of what use to be nieman - Marcus . right now , it look like a ghetto tenement . int . land rover - day neville 's eye be glue to something across the street ... ext . STREET - day a body dangle from one of neville 's trap -- one he must have set a previous day . it hang limply , ankle ensnare by the cable , its head hang a few foot above the ground . ext . land rover / STREET - day with the dog at he heel , neville chamber a round in the .45 and approach the body . another angle quite abruptly , we be watch neville from across the street , high above , from a sixth or seventh story window . we hear movement and labor breathe . back on the STREET neville reach the body and spin it around . as soon as he see the face of a mannequin , he know he 's fuck . the high angle we hear a bolt slide on a rifle and we realize we be watch neville through a sniper' scope . neville 's chest dead in we sight . we FIRE . back on the STREET neville hit the dirt . the first bullet explode in asphalt . neville roll . the second bullet just miss he . he dash behind a abandon car , escape yet another shot from the sniper . the dog stand in the middle of the street , barking at a upper story window in nieman - Marcus . neville shout ... neville get out of the STREET ! the dog continue to , its eye on a specific section of the building . neville steal a glance and see a rifle barrel poke out of a shattered window frame . another shot whistle past the dog 's fur . the beast flinch , afraid . neville get over here ! he wave he arm and the dog come run to he side . he pull the dog close to he , shelter he from the gunfire . neville dumbest goddamm dog I ever have . blam ! a bullet hit the car . neville be pin down . neville great , Bob , just great . he look at the pistol in he hand . it 's useless against a rifle . and unfortunately , the machine gun be in the land Rover . he can not make a move . unless ... along the curb , hide from the sniper 's view , be a storm drain . neville inch he way toward it and slither inside . the dog try to follow , but neville motion for he to stay and speak . the dog understand and bark at the sniper . int . STORM drain tunnel - day crouch down , neville be able to scurry to the other side of the street . he inch he way through a crevice . int . department store - day neville crawl into a dilapidate bathroom in the store 's first basement . the plumbing have be back up for god know how long and neville can barely tolerate the stench . int . department store - first basement - day what use to be " houseware . " neville spy the no-longer - function escalator and stride upwards . int . department store - escalator - various - day neville reach the fourth floor . we catch glimpsis of bizarre graffiti , but mostly we be take aback by the sheer emptiness of the store . int . department store - seventh floor - day neville creep up the escalator . he hear the sniper , but it 's difficult to see anything because the window in this section have be cover with sheet of cardboard , blanket , and plywood . the only light be a tiny shaft come through the crack pane the shooter be use for he rifle . the shooter himself be bundle in rag . glove cover he hand , a parka hood hide he head , and a scarf shield he face . we see no detail , only a shape . in a corner be a sort of " tent ' make from bedsheet and blanket . the sniper watch the street . faintly , we hear the dog barking . the sniper shoot . a distant ping !-- the bullet hit the abandon car . neville gauge he surroundings , he enemy . thinks . position himself about twenty foot behind the sniper . lock target with the .45 . neville hey . the sniper jump , turn around , and shake in he shoe at the sight of neville . he fumble with the rifle . neville ah-ah - ah . the sniper stop . it 's no use -- he would never be quick enough . neville slide the gun over here . the sniper have no choice . he set the rifle on the floor and shove it at neville , who quickly examine it . neville a hunter 's gun . where would you find it ? no reply . neville point the .45 , shoot and blast the window behind the shooter . Glass explode and sunlight pour into the room . the sniper scream with fright and scurries for darkness . neville aim he pistol at another window . neville ( a threat ) where ? sniper ( he voice a raspy hiss ) up north . in the mountain , a cabin . neville you be not part of cortman 's bunch . sniper who ? neville never mind . in the mountain ... be there people ? like I ? sniper if there be , we would not have have to come to the city , now , would we ? neville you be a smart one . sniper thank you . neville you say " we . " the sniper realize he error . go tight - lipped . neville how many ? no answer . neville flip back the top of the " tent " and see three sleep area . neville where be they ? the sniper refuse to respond . neville blast another window . more light . like a snake escape a predator , the sniper slither away , but neville pounce on he and jam the .45 into the center of he back . he pin one arm and extend the shooter 's other arm into the path of the light . sniper no ! the sniper be in agony . neville tell I . frustrate , neville , pull off the man 's glove . first , we see that the flesh be pale white . so pale it 's almost translucent . second , we see the effect of sunlight -- the skin blister and blacken . neville where be they ? the sniper scream . neville release he and he hide in the shadow , caress he torture limb . the sniper decide to pull off he hood and remove the scarf , revealing ... a demonic visage . ghostly white flesh so devoid of pigment we can see the blue and purple vein beneath the surface . his eye be a unearthly cold blue / grey and white . he be completely hairless -- nothing on he pate , no brow , no facial hair . his lip a deep ruby red . this thing be once human , but now , now ... sniper ( somewhat awed ) you be he , be not you ? you be neville . neville reach into he belt and take out a vial of blood . the sniper 's eye light up . neville where be they ? the sniper be mesmerize by the blood . sniper ( can not help himself ) the bay ... the basement . neville I be in the basement . sniper down ... below ... by the ... subway . neville do they have gun ? he will not answer . neville pour a few drop of blood and step back . thirstily , the sniper lap it up with he tongue , like a cat to some spill cream . neville look away . the sniper fall back onto a pile of rag and let he " fix " kick in . his body spasm and he face contort . the sniper 's arm jerk and he let out a satisfied breath . a junkie feel the high . sniper we hear about you . Way up in the hill we hear about you . miraculously , the sniper 's char hand begin to heal . neville you friend . gun ? sniper no . we find only the rifle . his hand form a fist . a sinister , unearthly hiss emerge from he gullet . he look at the vial in neville 's hand . sniper more . neville you will get more if you tell I the truth . sniper more ! and something dark , something terrible fill the sniper 's eye . he lunge at neville . blam ! blam ! blam ! neville pound he with three bullet . two in the stomach . one in the shoulder . blood spatter . the sniper teeter , but do not fall . neville aim at the heart and fire , but he weapon be empty . he mutter " shit , " hastily load a clip . the sniper clutches at he wound , kneel and touch the floor with he finger . he take a deep breath and enter into some kind of meditative trance . he summon ... the scattered drop of he blood heed he call . like droplet of mercury draw to a common source , the blood move across the floor and flow up he finger into the open bullet wound . and heal they . neville that be clever , the mannequin . that take some think . you nearly have I . click . neville jam in the clip . the sniper move . pow . pow . pow . pow - only this time , neville aim at the window . glass shatter and a wall of light pour in , hit the sniper like a freight train . sniper noooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the skin on the sniper 's face blister . smoke rise from beneath he protective clothes . he howl . neville , with intense calm , holster he .45 and raise the rifle . neville you know , I can understand I . but why shoot at the dog ? what do that dog ever do to you ? the sniper stagger toward neville , one last attack . neville shoot , hit the sniper square in the chest . the force of the blast propel he backward , to the open window . the sniper slip on the break glass and fall ... ... out the window . Seven storey to the street below . neville move to the window , lock at the sniper 's body on the concrete . the dog emerge from behind the abandon car , sniff in the direction of the corpse , and look up at neville in the window . neville shout down ... neville stay away from he ! you stay away ! the dog sit . neville good boy . ext . department store - day a bandana act as a mask on he face , neville pull a spare gas can from the rear of the land Rover and douse the sniper 's corpse ( blacken in the sun ) with fuel . he ignites a book of match , toss they at the body , and whoosh -- instant funeral pyre . neville reach into a supply chest in the rear of the land Rover . he pull out a mean look , more powerful machine gun , two ammo clip , a portable high - intensity halogen lamp , a combat knife , three small electronic device , and a customize remote control . he hang a pair of night -vision goggle around he neck and instruct the dog ... neville come . int . department store - sub - basement - day neville walk past rusting generator to a collapse wall which connect the store to a old subway tunnel . the flashlight on the barrel of the machine gun illuminate the path . the halogen lamp be strapped to he shoulder , but for now , it 's switch off . neville allow the dog to sniff a rag take from the sniper 's ' tent . ' have the scent , the dog proceed into the tunnel . Prior to follow , neville fix one of the SMALL electronic device to the to the wall . int . subway tunnel - day a dank , dark , creepy place . no more electricity to feed the light or track . neville pace himself behind the dog , flashlight illuminate old cigarette ad , a 49er billboard , a pile of cat and rat skeleton , the rail , more graffiti . which we now see more clearly . this be not the creation of homeboy gangbanger . it be fierce and savage in its beauty . Wild symbol , pattern , and color . majestic . tribal . neville have see it many time before and do not like it . it spell trouble . he stop and attaches another electronic device to a overhead pipe . the dog stop and utter a soft bark in the direction of a wreck subway car spill on the track ahead . neville shut off the flashlight and don the night-vision goggle . he raise he finger to he lip and the dog know to proceed quietly . neville attaches the final electronic device to the door lead to the car and silently enter . int . subway car - day through the greenish tint of the goggle , we scan the interior . ripped seat , trash , and in one corner , a human form . a emaciated corpse . stripped naked , every ounce of blood drain . a fester bullet wound in the chest , the skin puncture by tooth mark . on its chest , a elaborate tribal design , much like the graffiti , somehow raise from the skin , similar to a cattle brand . neville check out the opposite end . sleep there be two form . breathe . he remove the goggle and motion for the dog to move back . he ready he weapon with one hand , and reach back with the other , ignite ... the halogen lamp . instantly , bright white light flood the compartment . the two figure stir awake and screech . neville don't move . but they do not listen . instead , they reach into they bedding , pull out two handggun and FIRE . not what neville expect . as bullet whiz past , he unleash the machine gun , fire a spray across the car . one of the sleeper ' bullet take out the halogen . it shatter , burn neville 's cheek . more gunfire . be he hit ? neville fall back . a firefight in close quarter be not what he want . he maneuver back into the tunnel . take cover behind a pile of rubble and find the dog already there . neville never believe they , Robert , never . blam ! blam , ! bullet explode in the wall near he head . he sneak a peek and see the two sleeper fire at he from inside the train . neville reach into he belt and pull out the customize remote . he press one of the button and kablam ! the car be rock with a small explosion . the door be tear from its moor and one of the sleeper be ripped apart - the wounded sleeper howl with pain and fall to the tunnel floor , barely able to keep he body from split in half . amazingly , he 's still alive . blam ! the other one 's still shoot . neville take cover . the second sleeper exit the car and tend to its wounded comrade . both be the same type of creature as the sniper , but this one , the live one , be female . her die partner , a male , be finish . she caress he face , then bury she mouth in a open wound , infuse herself . Dark blood cover she chin and chest , but as she walk , the liquid crawl across she skin into she mouth . it seem to give mass and power to she body and rich color to she translucent skin . she raise she gun . neville duck just as she fire . beep beep beep . his electronic stopwatch sound a alarm . he switch it off and look at the sunlight pour into the tunnel . its quality slowly start to shift . movement . both neville and the female react to sound behind they , past the wreck subway car . neville know what 's come . Far in the distance , we see more form . what could be a army . he and the dog race to the crumble wall of the department store . the female screech and give chase . she 's very fast , like a panther . neville glance up , run , press the remote ... the second device explode , collapse the roof of the tunnel . pipe , concrete , dirt -- it all cascade down . a shaft of light be in from the street above , stop the female dead in she track . the light separate she from neville and she do not like it . frustrate , she snarl ... int . department store - sub basement - day neville help the dog through the hole and head for the escalator . press the remote . the third device explode , sealing shut the connection from the store to the tunnel . ext . department store - day neville and the dog hurriedly enter the land Rover , haphazardly toss supplies and weapon into the rear . neville start the vehicle and check the sky . must be about a hour before sunset . ext . san francisco - day the land Rover zip down California Street and we pull back , far back , revealing the scope and breadth of the city . San Francisco have be rape , mutilate , and murder . building burn , street litter with rusting car , tree and grass dry , dead . no bomb be drop -- too , y of the structure be intact -- instead , it feel as though something sinister and insidious rotted the place from the inside out . most startling be the golden gate bridge . barricade , barb wire , empty national guard tank -- all scattered about like a child 's toy . it look like a war zone . the bridge itself be char and tear , unstable , sway in the wind . ext . chinatown - day this area too - have be ravage . wind kick up leaflet . the land Rover speed through , kick up the old papers . close on a leaflet as it sail to the ground . it read : you be not alone . I am a survivor just like you . I will help . you can trust I . there be hope . my name be ROBERT . meet I in golden gate park . portal of the past . 12 noon . midday . every day . when the SUN be highest in the sky . please . the leaflet be yellow and dirty . this thing have be float around for a long time . ext . hill district - day land that once hold the beautiful home of Pacific Heights , nob Hill , and Russian Hill now look like terrain in Bosnia . or the surface of the moon . atop one of the hill still stand one edifice -- neville 's house . the land Rover climb . int . land rover - day neville press a remote garage door opener . ext . neville's house - day the vehicle slow outside a massive gate fashioned out of wringht iron , corrugate steel , and barb wire . it wheel open , allow entry , then clang shut once the Rover 's inside . pull back to reveal the rest of the house a turn -of- the-century house . the kind you can not find in other city . from a distance , it almost lock " normal . " but normal it be not . every window and door have be brick and cement shut . small sly have be cut into the wall at strategic point to provide some vantage . this portal be cover with chicken wire and be outline by sharp nail point outward at jag angle . the exterior wall be cover with a hodgepodge of metal plate -- steel sheet , corrugate iron . the gable bound by coil of barb wire . High - intensity lamp ( now shut off ) and security cameras jut out at odd angle , point at every corner of the surround landscape . and what a terrifying landscape it be . in the immediate vicinity , every other house -- to the north , south , east , and west -- have be burn and raze to provide neville with a unobstructed view , and to prevent he enemy from use other structure as basis of attack . outline the perimeter of neville 's house be two fence . the interior fence , only fifty foot from the house itself , be seven foot high and construct of wooden beam and ribbon of barbed wire , crisscross and interlace . from within the house , once could see through , but no one could get past . the outer fence , much higher and forebode , form a impenetrable square . it be compose of railroad tie , telephone pole , metal sheet , iron staff , barb wire , and massive amount of razor wire . outside and in , it be border by row upon row of sharp wooden pike , point out . between the two fence , within the compound , be a three foot deep ditch , fill with muddy water . a crude moat . its circle break only by a thin land bridge , over which now come the land Rover . we a electronic whirring and a steel door , level with the ground , slide back , revealing the slant driveway into the underground garage . int . underground garage - day neville and the dog climb from the stop Rover . he look up the ramp and see the sun begin its descent . he hit a button and the upper door slide close . he wince with pain as he pull off the shattered halogen . int . neville's house - basement he bolt and lock the door to the garage , ignites three big generator , open a fuse box , and flip the circuit breaker . artificial light flicker on throughout the house . the basement act as a workshop , tool room , and repair facility . all manner of hardware be in stock as be various chemical , electronics , and instruction manual . at the opposite end of the room be a weapon arsenal and target range . neville deposit the bust lamp on a workbench and check the rifle take from the sniper . neville sight 's for shit . he dump it on the workbench and select a gorgeous marksman' rifle from he well - stock arsenal . neville now , if you have this , I might not be here right now . ( sardonically ) too bad . int . neville's house - bedroom - dusk neville peel off the bodysuit . we see that he shirt be rip above the sleeve and a shoulder badly bruise . he examine the vest and find a bullet flatten into the fabric . he pries it out and hang the suit in he closet . he slip into some loose fitting black pants , black t-shirt , and sneaker . clothes for mobility , agility . int . neville's house - live room - dusk neville look at a shelf of videotape : NBC nightly news / JUNE 5 , 1992 , NBC nightly news / august 5 , 1997 , ABC nightline / december 12 , 1995 , CBS evening news / october 27 , 1994 . he pop one into a vcr and Dan Rather report on the day 's event . a long ago yesterday 's event . neville slide a CD into a player . gorecki 's miserere . like this morning , a wall of sound . comfort . " normal . " int . neville's house - kitchen - dusk neville dig into a freezer and pull out two freeze steak from a dwindling supply of meat . neville it 's my birthday . why not ? int . neville's house - kitchen - early evening a rather sad figure , neville sit at a lonely little table eat he steak . next to it , a lumpy muffin with a thick candle stick in its heart . a pathetic " birthday cake . " uneaten . on the floor , the dog devour he steak -- raw . neville 's disturb by the bloodiness of the meat and can not watch the red juice drip from the dog 's mouth . nearby , past a tv play the news video , be a wall of close - circuit monitor show grainy black - and - white image of the area surround the house . there 's movement on a few of the screen and neville attune to it instantly . neville they be early . he snap into action . move to a large computer set - up near the security video console , take a seat , and call up a program detail the various electronic control connect to the compound . Hit the keyboard ... ext . neville's house - early evening light . dozen of bulb along the outer fence ignite . other atop the roof spray light onto the compound . int . neville's house - dine area - early evening neville grab the muffin off the table , blow out the candle , and toss it to the dog . neville happy birthday . the dog sniff and do not find the prospect too appeal . int . neville's house - basement arsenal - night neville check and load a series of weapon . int . neville's house - various - night he place gun around the house and head upstair . ext . neville's house - roof - night a hatch open onto a protected deck --a makeshift " crow 's nest . " it screw with the aesthetics of the old home 's architecture , but it serve a purpose , provide neville with a high , secure vantage point . he rest he marksman 's rifle in a crook , climb up a small " lookout post , " and raise a pair of night vision binoculars to he eye ... in the distance , through the foggy green light of the glass , we see form beyond the outside fence . right now , there be a dozen , perhaps twenty . however , to the leave , to the right , more , many more , be journey up the hill , toward the house . hiding in the shadow creep behind rubble , crawl through trenches . on the roof , neville slide down the pole , into the house . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville open a door , revealing a small room within- - a convert closet . he move inside and we see its wall be line with numerous holy texts and figure of worship -- a crucifix , the buddha , a celtic cross , rosary beed , hindu god , a menorah , norse rune stone , you name it . neville light a candle and incense , silently pray . the dog rest outside the door . he become alert , hearing the SOUND before he master . a eerie moan . low , resonant . a C Far in the distance . Beyond the wall , beyond the fence . the moaning intensifies . the dog whimper . neville I know . the moan subside . it be replace by a deep , rhythmic drumming . there be something powerful and dangerous to the beat . and it affect neville . int . neville's house - live room - night neville play a CD . crank up the volume . the music be loud , angry and disturbing . krzystof penderecki . neville move to the computer station , press a co ext . neville's house - night music blare from speaker mount on the roof . outside the fence , the drumming intensifies . Combined with neville 's music , a odd , discordant symphony be create . int . neville's house - live room - night neville sit on the floor , hand cover he ear . the dog whimper he concern . finally , neville scream ... neville stop ! he shut off the music . outside , the drum continue . neville grab the dog by the collar and jerk he to a small hatch cut into the kitchen door . he slide back a bolt and push the dog outside . the dog look back at neville with sad , frighten eye . neville angrily instruct ... neville it's you job . go . he slide the hatch back in place , lock the dog outside . ext . neville's house - night the dog begin he patrol of the inner perimeter . it be he job to alert neville to anyone who make it this far . out here , the drumming be much louder . ext . neville's house - roof - night neville emerge from the hatchway , grab the marksman 's rifle , adjust the sight with the screwdriver tip of the all - in-one -tool , and position himself in the crow 's nest . he arm the weapon and raise the infra -red scope to he eye . neville all right , cortman . I be ready . ext . barren landscape - night we shift we point-of-view to the area far beyond the outer fence , to the source of the drum . and what we see should be terrifying ... a army . a horde of awesome , frightening creature . Close to three hundred in number . male and female . all have the pale , translucent skin of the creature neville encounter in the department store and subway , the same lack of hair , the same disturbingly blue grey / white eye . but this group , this tribe , have something different about it . something strong . something imperious . something savage . they wear very little clothing a they magnificently shape body . most of the man and many of the woman be topless , proud of they muscular torso and ghostly flesh . unique tribal marking and jewelry adorn they body . however , all , each and every one of they , bear one identical mark a they chest . the " brand " neville see a the drain corpse in the subway car . it be they mark . there be a hierarchy to the assemble : lowest be caretaker , who nurse and tend to the wounded . above they be the drummer . they intone frightening chant and beat out powerful rhythm a large decorate drum . next be the cleric --a somber , serious bunch whose marking be very ornate , very significant , very " holy . " the great in number be the warrior . the strongest , the fiercest , the most savage - appear . hate fill they eye . hate fuel they . a pure hate for one man-- neville . very near the top be two lieutenant , one leader of the cleric , the other leader of the Warrior . the cleric Lieutenant be christopher . a intense , almost sensitive look fellow whose body be the most decorate , the most artistic in its impression . the warrior Lieutenant be eva . a fantastically strong , vicious woman whose body bear the scar of warfare . she possess a manic , ferocious energy . and the leader . the leader be cortman . he exude the confidence and power of a king . his body be chisele , he visage haunt . he command this group with the calm of a head of state , the drive and focus of a field marshall , and the brute force of a tribal warlord . he stand a a promontory , a big jag hunk of concrete jutting from the earth 's surface . it provide protection and perspective -- beyond the range of neville 's gun , but close enough to observe he activity . there be constant movement in the rank , but all await and heed the word of cortman . ( * note -- although this creature consume blood , be allergic to light , and bear other similarity to vampire , they be not . they be something new , something we have never see before , something strikingly different . there be nothing but they existence or behavior that be base in the occult or supernatural . they be real . and we will learn how and why soon enough . for the purpose of this screenplay , we will call this creature hemocytes . ) cortman raise he arm and the drummer cease . cortman bring she to I . two warrior shove forward the female hemocyte neville encounter in the subway . Eva force she to " bow " , in submission . cortman gently stroke the female 's cheek . cortman you wish to join we . she nod in the direction of neville 's house . female he kill my love . cortman neville have slaughter so many we love . you want to see he dead ? see he punish for this injustice ? female yes ! cortman you want to feed on he . female yes ! cortman why should we grant you that privilege ? female why ? she reach into the small of she back and pull forth the pistol she use against neville . female I will give you this . cortman and other laugh . he take it , examine it . cortman I have not play with toy since I be a child . what about you , Eva ? he toss it to she . she look at it with disdain . cortman do you really think I need this relic of the past ? I have every weapon I need . my body . my mind . my soul . ( be the gun ) such toy be pointless . ( more ) cortman ( cont would ) neville . he need they . take they away , and he be naked . to prove a point , cortman nod to Eva and she shoot he twice in the stomach . he laugh and we watch he body heal itself , blood refuse to flow , flesh sealing the hole . Eva throws the gun into the night . cortman remind she of what she have do . Christopher turn to he cleric and they bring forth the drained corpse the female and she " Love " feed upon in the subway car . there be real anger in the eye of the cleric . cortman you recognize he ? the female realize she be in trouble . cortman show she the distinctive brand on the chest . cortman touch he own brand . other in the tribe touch theirs . cortman it be we mark . it distinguish we and unite we . without it , we mean nothing . without it : , we be no better than you . and you disgust I . female please ... cortman " please . " ( be the corpse ) do he beg ? whimper and plea ? if so , what : be you response ? how do you react ? with understanding ? compassion ? or with hunger ? and brutality ? cortman extend he arm . he concentrate and the muscle and tendon of the forearm thicken . elegantly , he nail grow , creep forth from the flesh , form razor - like talon . cortman life be eternal . he slashes she throat . slashes she chest once , twice . her body spasm and twitches at the massive blood loss , but there 's clearly still life in she eye . her flesh try to heal itself , to heal the wound . cortman look to Eva . cortman who go forth tonight ? she motion toward ten hemocyte warrior , they face and body paint differently than the other . cortman feast on she . let the blood give you strength . you brother 's spirit will live within you . go. drink . the ten move on the female like vulture to carrion . she scream and within moment , she be drain . the other hemocytes link hand and surround the warrior . cortman approach the body of the female , a last glimmer of life in she eye . he whisper ... cortman this be not a punishment . it be a gift . his talon puncture she heart . the talon recede and she blood form a pool in the " cup ' of cortman 's hand . cortman you have be choose on this night of glorious darkness to do battle with a anachronism . we nemesis . say he name . together , the warrior chant , " neville . " cortman allow the blood to flow through you , allow its power to strengthen you limb , you flesh , you soul . feel its beauty . feel its immense force . fuele by the fresh blood , the body of the ten man and woman seem to grow in mass and muscle . they skin thicken , form a kind of flesh armor . they open they eye and they be red with ferocity , cortman raise he own hand to he mouth , drink , and kiss each warrior on the mouth . cortman feel the power . he repeat this down the line , and when finish , the warrior be frighteningly pump up , they body and spirit now adrenalize with terrible dark energy . everyone chant , " ne-ville " . again and again - " ne-ville " . cortman signal the drummer who begin a accelerate beat , a accompaniment to combat . like magnificent predatory beast , the ten warrior move across the barren landscape and gather at the outside fence . cortman stand atop the promontory and point at the house . cortman destroy the devil ! the warrior scream . ext . neville's house - roof - night a dark intensity in he eye , neville watch the perimeter . the howling and drumming of the hemocytes echoe through the night sky . he do he best to block it out . block it out . in the distance , long pole be raised against the outer fence . the ten climb , reach the razor- wire crest . neville look through he infra - red sight , find the chest of one warrior and fire three round -- two find the heart . the warrior drop . neville search for another target . atop the fence , the warrior struggle to avoid lacerate themselves with the razor wire . three strong hemocyte leap over the wire and land in the compound , avoid the row of pike before the moat . on the roof , neville switch on super bright light aim at the outer fence . ( we notice a considerable dimming of other light in and around the house -- this lamp draw power ) . atop the fence , six hemocyte be blind by the light . one lose he foot and fall back onto the exterior pike , horribly impale . another badly cut himself on the razor wire . the blood loss be too great and the warrior nearest he --a beautiful female -- will it to she , draw the fuel into she mouth , into she system , and leap into the compound . in the crow' nest , neville remove the sight and use the high-intensity lamp to seek out the three remain hemocytes on the fence . he shoot . hit one square in the chest , drop he . shoot . bullet tear into the flesh of another , but they be off-center and the wound heal . this hemocyte leap , join the other inside the compound . the last of the three jump down , but neville fire , catch she in mid - flight , spin she off - balance . she try to correct she fall , but land on the interior pike . her body be speared in three different place , but she 's still alive . on the roof , neville shut off the high-intensity lamp ( return power to the other utility ) . Inside the inner perimeter , the dog bark , alert neville to the five hemocyte who make it into the compound . neville I know , I know . he climb through the hatch into the house . int . neville's house - live room - night neville propel himself down the spiral staircase and move to the monitoring station - on the close - circuit screen , we can see foggy image of cortman and he follower outside the compound , image of the five hemocyte just inside the compound , and the dog patrol the inner perimeter . he check the computer and we see a electronic graphic -- a overview layout of the compound . neville check the video of the five within the compound , near the moat . neville you like surprise ? ext . the compound - night the five hemocytes gather around the warrior impale on the inner pike . she struggle to pull herself off the sharp pole , but the blood continue to seep out of she . warrior one --a muscular male -- gently lean in ... he kiss she . the other congregate and drink she blood . the impale warrior die . again , we see the body of the hemocytes grow stronger . they turn , hiss at neville 's house , hiss at the dog , move through the pike , and toward the moat . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville bound upstairs , to a second story slit / window . he punch out the protective chicken wire with he fist and reach for something on a table ... a flare gun . neville I like surprise . ext . compound - night warrior two and warrior three try to leap across the ditch , but do not make it . they slide into the watery mud . warrior one succeed in jump across . warrior four and the beautiful female warrior approach the edge of the moat . four be about to slide into the muck when beautiful recognize odor , inhales deeply and realize something terrible . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville aim the flare pistol at the moat and fire . neville happy birthday , Bobby . ext . compound - night the flare sail from the bedroom window into the moat . it take only a split second for the hemocytes to realize the ditch be fill with gasoline . warrior one be blast back by the eruption of flame . two and Three howl with despair as they be roast alive . FIRE spiral into the black sky . the beautiful female pull warrior four to safety . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville watch as the flame spread around the moat , form a circle of FIRE . as the flame grow higher , the drumming and chanting of the hemocytes abruptly cease . neville get you attention , cortman ? ext . surrounding area - night cortman and he follower watch in horror . eva be furious . eva we go ! now ! all of US ! christopher when we send more , it simply mean more dead . we dead . eva he can not kill we all ! cortman he can . he would . even if it mean kill himself in the bargain . eva coward ! we be coward ! cortman grab she by the throat and lift she into the air . cortman you call I coward ? you question my judgement ? he heave she away like a rag doll . Eva land hard . cortman intimidate the hell out of she -- out of everyone . cortman who else challenge I ? who among you ? int . neville's house - live room neville check the screen , but smoke obscure the view . he look at the computer . move he mouse to a area label motion detector / sensor and create a electronic " X " on the screen for each of the hemocytes in the compound . neville press a button and a overlay grid appear . ext . compound - night warrior one -- through the flame lick the moat -- encourage warrior four and the beautiful female to press on . warrior one look to the inner fence . Beyond it be the dog , barking fiercely . when the warrior approach , the dog run . int . neville's house - live room - night neville observe the computer as one of the " X "s step onto a red quadrant of the grid . neville presses a button . ext . compound - night we hear a electronic " beep " before warrior one step on a remote - controlled mine . the concussive blast propel he up and back , into the fiery ditch . across the moat , warrior four and the beautiful female look on in horror . frightened , warrior four slink back in the direction of the outer fence . warrior four we will never get inside ! the beautiful female look at he with disgust . she notice the blast have tear a hole in the fence , create easy access to the house itself . she turn to she cowardly comrade . beautiful female I have a better idea . she extend she razor sharp talon ... int . neville's house - live room . - night neville 's eye watch the monitor he can barely make out two hazy figure beyond the moat . suddenly , one drop from view . he check the computer screen . the sensor only show the area between the outer fence and inner fence . ( the area between the house and inner fence be unmonitor to allow for the dog 's patrol . ) there be still one " X " outside the moat . ext . compound - night the beautiful female stand over the corpse of warrior four , he throat slashed , body pale and drain . rich crimson drip from she lip and she body grow in strength and energy . she set she sight on the house . in a magnificent leap , she hurdle over the moat , through the flame , and land on the other side . the dog growls . she hiss and move toward he , talon ready . int . neville's house - live room - night neville react with surprise as the final " X " disappear from the screen . he adjust the grid , fiddle with the mouse , check the video screen -- nothing . outside , the dog wildly , then manically scratch at the " dog door . " neville rush to it , but can not open it -- it 's stick . the dog yelp in fear . neville try to force open the hatch , but it will not budge . the dog bark a warning . then silence . he rush to the monitor , but can not see anything . just smoke and dead hemocytes . he frantically pace . then grab a flashlight and head to the basement . int . neville's house - basement - night near the garage entrance , neville remove a steel plate from the wall , revealing a tunnel -- about two foot high , three foot wide -- lead from the house , below the compound . he grab two .45 automatics from the arsenal , tuck they in he belt and slither into the tunnel , flashlight show the way . int . tunnel - night neville reach a specific section of the crawlspace . directly above he be another hatchway . he undoe a bolt , slide it back , shut off the flashlight and sit for a few moment in darkness , listen for movement above . when he 's satisfied with the level of quiet , he reach for the hatch . ext . compound - night the hatch , camouflage by dirt and dry grass , fly up from the ground . in a flash , neville spring up , .45 at the ready . silhouett against the gasoline flame in the moat , he survey the area between the inner fence and the house ... nothing . he silently move to the hole in the barb wire , inspect it . he follow footprint around the house , eye move side to side , behind , above . he round a corner ... movement . raise he weapon . and find ... nothing . movement . he spin , ready to shoot ... the dog . on the opposite side of the barb wire fence , near the moat . neville scold the dog . neville what be you do over there ? neville point to the hole . neville get inside . the dog head for the hole , then stop . he bark wildly . neville spin , but the warning come too late . the beautiful female hemocyte stand a few foot away from he . completely nude . her talon be sheathed , the blood wipe clean from she mouth and chin . although she pallor be ghostly , there be no deny she body be comely , seductive , and magnificently shape . proud and calm , she extend she hand toward neville , as if welcoming he . he raise one of the weapon and aim at she heart . she pout . and take a step toward he . neville 's hand shake . his face sweat . his finger can not pull the trigger . the dog sense he master 's dilemma and run for the hole . beautiful female please do not hurt I . I want to ... the beautiful female step within inch of he . neville hate himself for be unable to act . beautiful female ... touch you . her hand caress he face and she kiss he neck . her hand move down he body , along he arm , pull the gun from he finger , and drop they to the ground . she pull neville 's hand to she breast . beautiful female touch I . as neville become lose in she flesh , the beautiful female extend a arm . talon emerge from she finger . her eye glow with hate , with blood lust . beautiful female so easy . as she razor - sharp finger move to he throat , the dog tackle they both . neville snap out of he sexual reverie and push she away . she lash out , slashing he forearm . neville scramble for the gun . the dog jump at the hemocyte , but she bat he away , knock he unconscious . neville aim the .45 . fire . Three - four-five - six shot from each gun . protect herself , the beautiful female turn sideways and cover she chest with she arm . the skin thickens a command , form a protective shield . the bullet penetrate , but do not cause damage . neville drop the spend , smoking weapon to the ground . the beautiful female stand and " command " she skin to return to " normal . " she look the helpless neville up and down and laugh . a superior , cruel laugh . she bare she tooth , hiss , and move in for the kill . like lightning , neville reach into a boot sheath , pull he combat knife , and drive it into he attacker 's heart . the beautiful female screech with SHOCK . neville twist the blade . she fall to she knee and try to summon she body to heal , but the damage be too great , the loss of blood immense . she hiss and die . as life drain from she , she eye become soft , almost human neville be haunt by the transformation . and can not bear to watch . a whimper . the dog be regain consciousness . neville lift he in he arm and head for the tunnel . ext . surrounding area - night cortman kneel , deeply feel . he rise . stoic . majestically raise he arm ... cortman let they hear you . tell they soul we do not forget . Christopher and he cleric lead the tribe in a mournful chant . the drummer provide haunt accompaniment . there be something disturbing , yet beautiful about the sound . int . neville's house - medical facility - night neville be shirtless , tend to the laceration on he forearm . he disinfect , bandage , then look to the dog who lie on a exam table , stunne , but conscious . neville examine he pelt for cut , check he bone for break . neville you okay ? the dog look up at he with sad eye , then lick he face . neville you be okay . the dog react to the distant mournful SOUND generate by the hemocytes . neville too can not seem to deny its power . he lift the dog in he arm . int . neville's house - live room - night neville huddle in a corner , cradling the dog in he arm , need the contact with another live thing . the mournful chanting intensifies . and neville fight back tear . he desperately hold the dog , bury he face in he fur . fade out . fade in : ext . surrounding area - dawn the hemocytes be long go . the body of the warrior who never make it past the outer fence have be take away . ext . compound - dawn however , the body of the hemocytes who die within the compound remain , smolder in the early morning light . the gasoline fire have die and black acrid smoke form a fine mist over the compound . int . neville's house - live room - dawn neville and the dog slumber in the corner . a alarm sound from the upstairs bedroom and neville bolt awake , reach for a gun that be not there . the dog spring away . body aching , neville initiate he daily routine . int . neville's house - various - morning classical music --upbeat ( vivaldi ? ) - - play over the follow . neville work out in the exercise room . shower . apply a new bandage in the medical facility . he select a video - another past episode of the " today show " -- and a tape of " Morning edition . " the sound of " normalcy . " he remove steel shutter from the roof of the greenhouse . and pick fruit and vegetable for today 's meal . he stop near a section of flowers , take by they simple beauty . int . neville's house - kitchen - morning he surprise himself by further deplete he supply of meat and give the dc >g another steak . the dog , too , be shocked , but delighted . neville sit at the small table , barely touch he oatmeal and strawberry , and watch the dog . neville you save my ass last night , you son of a bitch . ( be the steak ) for what it 's worth ... enjoy . int . neville's house - bedroom - morning neville dress . he find himself stare at the photograph on he bedside table . his wife and daughter . both beautiful . smiling . neville 's eye be cold . almost blank . int . neville's house - kitchen - morning neville address the video camera . his daily journal . neville my name be Robert neville . I be bear in Des Moines , Iowa , October 17th , 1960 . my father be Bill , my mother Charlotte . I have a daughter Grace . my wife ... ellen . he stop . continue ... neville ten last night , there be ten . tonight , they will mourn and there will be no attack . I will have " peace . " but tomorrow it will start all over again . why do not he give up ? why not , cortman ? thinks . neville why do not you , Bob ? why do not you ? he stare into the camera . ext . compound - morning - later the land Rover wait near the inner fence . the dog observe neville 's bleak task -- the carting away of dead hemocytes . Three corpse lay pile on the roof of the vehicle and neville drag two more out of the moat . he wear glove and a bandana cover he mouth and nose to block out the stench . he tend to the sun-ravaged body of the beautiful female , but can not bear to look at she face . lift she in he arm . ext . presidio - day the land Rover turn off California Street just below highway 1 , onto the grounds of the presidio . it look as though , at one time , a small war be fight here . neville steer the vehicle onto what once be the Army golf course . no link here . only deep pit dig far , far into the earth . a old sign read : U.S. government CENTER for disease control emergency cremation CENTER . the land Rover stop . ext . presidio - cremation pit - day - minute later the dog stay inside the Rover , hat the smell of this place . neville line the hemocyte corpse along the edge of the pit , douse they with gasoline and push they over the side . the beautiful female be the last to go . he light a molotov cocktail and lobs it into the pit . a burst of flame rise into the air . camera crane to reveal the expanse and awful nature of this place . three deep crater fill with the bone and ash of human being . it be a disturbing , unforgettable image . neville take something from , the Rover and walk to the edge of another pit . he kneel and we see a small bouquet of flowers in he hand . he whisper ... neville I love you , Gracie . ext . presidio - day the land Rover exit , black smoke still rise from the pit . ext . golden gate park - portal of the past - day neville sit , wait . it be so silent , the air incredibly still . no movement , no sound , nothing . neville can not bear it . he erupt with frustration , scream at the sky . ext . cemetery - outer gate - day the fence and gate of the cemetery look like Fort knox . more barb wire and evidence of conflict . sign read : entry forbidden ! absolutely no entry past this point by order of U.S. national guard . trespaspers shot on sight . the land Rover wait outside a heavily fortify gate . neville carry a huge circle of keys . use one to open a padlock and chain . ext . cemetery - day many grave have be dig up , many vault rip down . other carry biohazard warning label . the land Rover stop at a beautiful tomb guard by statue of angel . the door to its interior lock and chain . neville wait . it 's difficult for he , whatever he 's about to do . int . tomb - day the door crack open and neville use all he weight to push it in . light fill the crypt , illuminate dead flower on a stone casket . follow by the dog , neville enter , collect the old flower and lay fresh one in they place . he kneel , shut he eye , and silently pray . neville it be my birthday yesterday , ellen . forty -two . you would not recognize I , sweetie - - I be in better shape today than I be when we get marry . ( think of something ) Gracie 's birthday be next month , be not it ? she would have be ten . that 's a big birthday for a kid . he can not continue . whisper ... neville I miss you , ellen . I miss you so much . flashback to : int . neville's house - bedroom - day a beautifully decorate , sun -fill room . ellen neville , a pretty , gentle woman , lie in bed , half -awake . in he bathrobe , neville read the morning paper . neville do you hear about this guy ? ellen what guy ? neville Dr. John krippen . he 's at the U. ellen what about he ? neville this be really something . ellen would you tell I , already ? neville wow . in theory , this could cure aids . ellen what be you talk about ? neville " krippen 's viragene . " ( laugh ) sound like something you would buy from a infomercial . neville read to she from the article . neville " a simple hemocyte ... " ellen what 's a hemocyte ? neville a blood cell . ( continue ) " ... which have be genetically alter and adhere to a virus . " ( explain ) they start with lung cell a couple year ago , but krippen 's work with blood -- on leukemia . ( read ) " the alter cell -- the viragene -- be injected into the bloodstream where it destroy all cancerous cell and , by utilize the property of a virus , replace they with healthy cell . " it eat disease and make you healthy . " Dr. krippen state that , in theory , use of viragene could be apply to HIV , other form of cancer , damage nerve , blindness -- virtually any ailment . " ellen let I get this straight . genetic engineering and viruse ? neville the property of a virus -- I guess so it can multiply and grow throughout the bloodstream . but they disable it ( more ) neville ( cont would ) somehow , so it 's not harmful . this be amazing ! and it 's bury on page 12 . ellen it sound dangerous , Bob . neville ellie ... ellen all this so-called scientific breakthroughs . play with the building block of life . as a race , do you think we can catch up ? I mean , we be back here , and they be twenty mile down the road . neville ( significantly ) it could cure cancer . all form of cancer . ellen ( sadly ) maybe there 's suppose to be cancer . do anyone think about that ? what if there 's a reason ? what if ... all this go against God 's plan ? neville I think God 's plan be simple . she wait . neville to love each other , ellie . to lend a help hand to someone in need , to care for one another . compassion . ellen Bobby , you be a idealist . you always have be . neville I have hope . you can never lose hope . grace's voice mommy ? they daughter appear in the doorway . ellen what be it , honey ? grace I do not feel good today . ellen oh , come here , sweetie ... Grace join they in bed . ellen hug she close . neville finish the article in the paper and join they neville ( whisper in ellen 's ear ) I be go to see he . this Dr. krippen . abrupt CUT to : int . tomb - day end flashback . neville stand . dispassionate , almost militaristic in he movement . he collect the dead flower and exit . ext . cemetery - day neville lock the outer gate , climb into the land Rover and drive away , the SUN a hour or two away from set . int . ext . neville's house - various - day / dusk neville secure the house for the evening . fill generator with gasoline , check power connection , repair the hole in the inner fence , load weapon , etc . int . neville's house - kitchen - dusk neville barely touch he dinner as the dog devour its bowl of fresh chow . int . neville's house - live room - night the sun 's last ray shine through the window slit . neville wash dish . the dog glance at the " doggie door " lead outside . neville tell he . neville not tonight . you can stay in tonight . the happy dog follow he to the video monitor / computer station . neville check the screen -- no activity yet . he sit behind the computer and look at a chess program --a game already in play . he analyze the board , but be distract . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville go through he archive of video tape . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville sit up in bed , the dog at the foot , on the floor , watch tv . gun in close proximity . a videotape play John Ford 's the lost patrol . a small group of british soldier crack under the pressure of attack by a superior force of Arabs . neville 's see it many time . he 's see all he favorite too many time . he get bored with it , stop the tape , return to the archive and move to another . he hesitates . wanting to play certain tape , and desperately not want to play they . he give in , select one , and move to the vcr . int . neville's house - bedroom - night - moment later video image . his wife ellen and daughter grace ( 5 year old here ) wash the car in the back yard . both wear bathing suit and be have a terrific time with the water and soap sud . ellen turn the hose on the camera and we hear . neville's voice hey ! this thing cost a lotta money ! the video camera duck out of the way and we see neville 's bare foot . typical home movie shenanigan . he refocus on he wife . she look quite lovely in she bikini . ellen how come we be do all the work ? grace yeah , how come ? I think you should wash the car , daddy . neville uh-uh . mommy and I make a bet and she lose . ellen you cheat ! reveal neville . sitting on the edge of he bed , haunt by the image . haunted by he vibrant little girl , mesmerize by he wife 's vitality , she beauty . and then we hear ... mournful chanting . slow , rhythmic drumming - the ghostly cry ... voice outside neville ... neville ... neville shut he eye . cover he ear . the dog go to the balcony , demurely bark a reminder . neville look out . in the distance , in the darkness , the hemocytes continue to mournfully wail . neville slam shut the steel shutter . int . neville's house - live room - night neville move to a alcove contain a ham radio setup , don headphone and juice up the system . he scan and listen . nothing . the static and dead air , however , block out the cry of the hemocytes . neville switch to the emergency frequency and lean into he microphone ... neville San Francisco kdx-cfy-ca 1971335 . San Francisco kdx-cfy-ca 1971335 . listen . he 's do this far too many time . try too many time . but still , he listen . neville San Fran -- he stop . what be that ? he turn up the volume and now we hear it , too . be it ? a human voice ? unintelligible , staticy . what do it say ? be it " help I ? " be it ?! he adjust the scanner , crank the volume . it 's go . just like that , it 's go . be it even there ? neville hello ? please ... static . there be nothing . you be crack up ! neville rip the headphone from he ear , throw they . neville there be nobody . nobody . he look at the monitor , the hemocytes . the chanting very loud now . neville scream . neville leave I alone ! for god' sake . manically , he run upstairs , grab a handgun on the way . ext . neville's house - roof - night neville indiscriminately fire the pistol . neville leave I alone ! he futilely empty the clip . the hemocytes collectively hiss . he throws the gun into the compound and fall to he knee . he cradle he head in he hand . neville dear Jesus , why ? please . why ? int . neville's house - bedroom - night he secure the hatch and collapse onto he bed . the dog sadly approach . soften greatly , neville lay he hand on the dog . his eye move to the photo of he wife . ext . surrounding area - night the hemocytes stand hand - in-hand in mournful vigil . cortman the blood be on you hand , neville . you be the murderer .. try to sleep tonight . try . remember the face of that you kill . we will never forget . and one day , you will pay . I promise you that . there will be retribution . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville 's haunt face stare at the ceiling . cortman' voice retribution , neville . dissolve to : ext . neville's house - next morning neville drive the land Rover out of the compound . int . land rover - day eye hide behind dark sunglass , a quiet , solemn neville cruise the desert city street . ext . civic CENTER - day City Hall be in ruin . the Federal Building blow to bit . the Library have suffer damage , but the structure be intact . neville , loop of wire in hand , set another snare on a lamp post and keep a watchful eye on the surround building . what be that ? do something move ? nothing . nothing , Bob . ext . embarcadero - day the land Rover stop near the Bay Bridge . neville look around . Cars be overturn , burn , rusting . boat in the harbor be ravage , sink . ext . embarcadero - day - a hour later neville have strung a series of five trap along the street . he 's work on he sixth when he realize he will not have enough wire . he return to the land Rover , pet the dog , and set he machine gun on the roof of the vehicle . he remove the kevlar vest and he shirt . it 's hot today . he drink from a bottle of water , grab a fresh spool of wire , and return to the post . he arrange and set the wire and prepare to bait it when he stop . absolutely dead stop . movement . about half a block away . he locate the source of the SOUND and see something in one of the abandon building . neville reach for he machine gun . but it 's not there . it 's on the fuck roof of the land Rover . the dog be hyper-alert . he hear it , too . keeping he eye glue on the abandon building , neville move toward the vehicle ... the dog bark a warning , but it 's too late ... neville have step into the snare of he own trap ! SNAP ! the wire whip taught jerk neville off he foot . he smack he head on the asphalt as the wire pull up . the snare lock into place and neville hang above the street , upside - down , he head about three foot from the surface . the all-in-one -tool fall from he pocket . he reach for it , but it 's already on the street . the dog bark and bark . panicked , afraid , scolding . neville be so piss at himself . the wire cut deep into he ankle . blood drip to the street . he 's a little daze , but neville 's desperately try to maintain clarity . the dog circle below , bark and whimper . neville breathes deeply , gauge he surroundings . what to do ?! and then he realize why the dog be so frantic . the sun be set . as if on cue , he electronic pocket watch sound its alarm . beep -beep -beep . the color drain from neville 's face . beep - beep -beep . neville angrily throws the watch down the street . the dog continue to bark he warning . neville shut up ! don't you think I know ?!!! the dog back off , circle the area , sniff . whimper and growl . transform into defensive posture . sound of movement in a nearby building . neville hear it . look at the sky . about thirty , forty minute before sunset . damn ! he calm himself . can not panic , absolutely cannot panic . he try reach for the wire , to pull himself up , but it 's just beyond he reach , the strain too great . he remember he knife in the ankle sheath . pull it and hack at the wire . no good . it would never cut through . he tuck the knife back into the sheath . thinks . crash ! something fall and break in one of the shop . more movement . the dog react , bark and run to check it out . neville no ! stay ! neville can do nothing . the dog 's go . must act quickly . although it make the wire cut deeper into he ankle , neville swing back and forth , make he body a pendulum . reaches for the post . miss . swing back . forth . grab it . hold on for dear life . in a impressive feat of strength and dexterity , he twist and pull himself up the post , to the overhang bar , and crawl along it , even though the tension it create on the wire be shredd he ankle . neville desperately try to untangle the snare . his finger can not quite do the trick , so he pull the knife and use it to saw into the cable . a howl from within a building . neville glance in the direction of the sound . just as the blade succeed in slice through enough of the wire , it weaken and snap ! releasing a unprepare neville . he fall and land hard on the asphalt . a bone break in neville 's wrist but that 's the least of he worry . he land on the knife . it 's stick straight through the meat of he thigh . he scream in pain ! reaches for it , but that arm have a break wrist -- and that 's agony ! he roll to he side , feel for the handle with he good hand and psych himself up for what must be do . he pull the blade , scream , and pass out . the image lose focus ... fade ... to black . silence . fade in to grey . unfocus , gain sharpness ... a SOUND . a wet sound ... the dog lick neville 's face and poke he , urging he to consciousness . when neville awaken ... it be night . the look of terror on he face be unmistakable . the dog whimper , prod he , begging he to move . a small pool of blood have collect around neville 's thigh and ankle . his break wrist be swollen and he have a bad bump on he forehead . he cough , spit , raise he head ... the atmosphere of the embarcadero have change . go be the deadness and silence -- replace by sound . some far off , some closeby . activity . there be life . some kind of life . the dog 's defense be way up . he sniff and growl . the land Rover be about fifty foot away . such a short distance , but now , for neville , in this condition , it be more like fifty mile . he examine he wrist , he ankle . the blood have coagulate and he look to the thigh . he rip part of he shirt into a tourniquet . it 's difficult to work with the break wrist , but he manage to stop the bleed . he try to stand , but that be a joke . the ankle be bad enough , but the thigh wound be just too deep -- it can not take the pressure . he fall back to the asphalt and catch he breath . he find the knife , clutches it in he fist -- just in case -- and begin to drag himself toward the land Rover . sound . movement . all around he . something --footstep ? -- circle the area . neville accelerate he pace . the dog viciously growl , bark ! and then neville hear it , too . snarling . howl . not footstep . paw on pavement . neville know what 's come and it terrify he . again , he try to stand , but fall hard onto the street . he drag himself toward the vehicle , and he dog begin to circle , barking , urging he to move faster . neville stop when he see the first one ... a black dog . a hemocvte dog . stand on top of a pile of rubble . watch he with icy grey eye . the beast 's fang be bare -- long , sharp , vicious thing . it assess neville and he dog . it bark and howl . neville 's about twenty foot from the Rover . he remember the machine gun on the roof and yell at he dog . neville the gun ! get the gun ! but this be not " rin-tin-tin . " the poor thing have no idea what neville mean . neville get the fucking gun ! no use . neville press on , drag he wounded body toward the land Rover . hold tightly to the knife when he see ... five more dog . dane , brown , boxer , white , and grey . all muscular , sharp - fange , and icy -ey . they snarl and sniff , calmly wait , gaug they best attack ... the dog move in close to neville , guard . neville fear the worst . Hit the dog with he arm , instruct he ... neville go ! run ! get the hell out of here ! the dog do not move . neville go ! you stupid thing ! go ! but the dog will not leave he . and the attack begin . Black bark and three rush in . neville 's dog meet brown , immediately engage in combat . neville know he dog be doom , but can not think about that now . the other two be upon he ! he lash out with the knife , rip white open along the ribcage . the beast yelp and retaliate and bite into neville 's thigh . neville scream - and knee White with the opposite leg . grey bite into neville 's break wrist . the pain be unimaginable , but neville stab grey in the chest . again and again . blood burst from grey 's heart and the dog die . neville spin to see white in the air , pouncing , eye on neville 's jugular ... but the beast be broadside by neville 's dog ! batter and bleed , he fight with a proud ferocity . neville see the badly wounded brown come , licking blood from grey to gain strength . as he dog engage in struggle with White , neville see boxer and dane move in . and neville know there be only one chance . summon every ounce of strength and adrenaline in he body , he rise to he foot and emit a guttural , primordial scream . grimace , deny the pain , he move to the land Rover , force he fragile limb forward . as neville 's dog and White engage in a brutal dance , brown-rush on the fresh blood -- set he sight on human prey . neville make it to the land Rover . he rest against it - just for a moment -- then reach up and grab the machine gun . he turn . just in time to see Brown come at he . neville open FIRE and Brown be rip in half . neville whistle and he dog break away from White . neville shoot White , then sprays bullet at the oncoming Boxer and dane . the automatic weapon fire have the desire effect and the two beast -- sufficiently intimidate -- run away . neville and he dog relax for a moment , then , almost simultaneously , realize they have forget about the leader , the black . who erupt from behind , knock neville to the ground . the Black be about to devour human neck when neville 's dog bite into Black 's hindquarters . the Black yelp , spin , and lock its jaw onto the dog 's neck . neville no !!!!!!! neville smack the Black with the butt of the machine kick he away , and open FIRE , empty the clip into the hellish thing . until it fall . Dead . neville check he dog . the poor thing be bleed badly . fuele by desperation and conviction , neville lift the dog and deposit he in the Rover . now well beyond pain - transcendent , really -- neville shut the door , climb behind the wheel , and get the hell away . int . land rover - night neviile drive in darkness , one hand comforting the dog ... neville it 's okay , boy . you be gonna be okay . ext . area surrounding neville's house - night the hemocytes on they nightly vigil . cortman observe neville 's house . the light be off . no music , no sign of activity within . curious . a trap ? perhaps not . cortman leap off the promontory and lead he follower across the barren landscape , toward the outer fence . int . land rover - night neville look ahead , observe the terrain . he 's about half a mile away from home and can see the hemocytes surround the compound . he stop the vehicle and turn to the dog ... neville I be go to get we home . ext . land rover - night neville exit , open the trunk , strap on two shoulder holsters with fully load automatics and grab two more clip for the machine gun . he take a jerry can of gasoline , a rag , and quickly manufacture a king -size molotov cocktail . ext . STREET leading to house - night with its light still off , the land Rover slowly move up the hill . and violently accelerate . ext . area - surrounding compound - night the hemocytes furthest from the fence have no time to react to the speed , armor-plate Rover head straight at they . int . land rover - night neville hit a series of switch . ext . area surrounding compound - night a burst of light ! not only from the lamp , but from a rack of light on the roof , two high - beam lamp mount near the side mirror , and four light rig near the trunk . the hemocytes screech and retreat . a few react like deer , freeze , and the land Rover just plows through they . near the fence , cortman react . he see the Rover roaring toward he and realize neville be outside the compound ! he stand at the gate -- the only way into the compound -- and bellows ... cortman stop he ! int . land rover - night neville maintain focus . his eye stay fix ahead . he see the Warrior form a wall in front of the gate . take a deep breath ... and stop the land Rover . ext . area surrounding compound - night hemocytes form a circle around the vehicle . the light blind they and scorch they skin , but they must take advantage of this opportunity , they must get neville ! int . land rover - night neville ready the machine gun , undoe a ceiling bolt . ext . area surrounding compound - night a hatch open on the roof of the Rover and neville pop up . he sprays machine gun FIRE in a circle , keep the hemocytes at bay . intensely fire at the Warrior barring the gate . neville crawl out farther , rest the machine gun , and pull out the jerry can . two brave hemocyte rush the land Rover , smash a side lamp and headlamp , and crawl toward neville . he pull a sidearm and shoot ! Dead shot in they heart . take a lighter from he utility belt . more hemocyte move toward the Rover . neville spot they . lift the machine gun . fire , keep they back -- momentarily . he try to light the rag in the jerry can , but he hand be not work well and the lighter slip down the windshield . neville curse , crawl out , reach for the lighter ... his arm be grabbed by a hemocyte . eva . they lock eye . she smile and talon emerge from she fingertip . neville 's weak hand fumble for a sidearm and pull the trigger . a bullet rip through Eva 's shoulder , send she back , spin off the vehicle . neville snatch the lighter , ignites the rag , and throws the jerry can at the gate . it land with a thud . neville fire the machine gun . bullet rip into the can and blam ! a fireball ! at least a dozen Warrior be roast . they stumble away , screeching . cortman know what neville have in mind and hurriedly lead a charge at the land Rover . int . land rover - night neville drop into the driver 's seat . he reach up to close the hatch and see the face of a hemocyte . he fire . the shattered hemocyte face disappear from view and neville shut the hatch . presses the remote control . ext . area surrounding compound - night the gate slide OPEN . halfway to the land Rover , cortman realize he 's make a error . cortman back ! inside ! inside ! he change the direction of the charge just as the Rover roar through the FIRE . six hemocyte manage to jump on the vehicle as it speed into the compound and abruptly stop . its rear lamp shine on the open gate . int . land rover - night neville hit the remote . ext . area surrounding compound - night the gate start to shut . cortman and he Warrior run to it . the hatch on the roof of the land Rover flip OPEN . neville emerge , machine gun in hand . first , he blast three of the hemocytes cling to the Rover . ( the other three be smarter and hang onto the side of the vehicle , out of neville 's field of vision . ) next , neville sprays the gate with machine gun fire , keep cortman and the hemocytes at bay . neville can only urge the gate to move faster ... neville come on ! come on ! he empty one clip , load the last of the three , take a few more shot , then relax when the gate be shut . int . land rover - night neville accelerate , shut the hatch , hit another remote . ext . compound - night the other gate -- for the inner fence -- slide OPEN , as do the door to the garage , revealing the sloping driveway lead underground . the land Rover roar over the moat . the three hemocyte hold tight as the Rover descend . int . underground garage - night the Rover screech to a stop , almost crash into the wall . the overhead door start to close ... int . land rover - night neville check the dog , comfort he , and almost open the door . he stop when he faintly hear a scratching on the outer shell of the vehicle . int . underground garage - night the Three hemocytes quietly release they hold on the land Rover and set foot on the garage floor . they look to each other and devilishly smile . int . land rover - night neville check the video screen . there they be . neville be you fella Boy stout ? you know what the scout always say ... ? he flick a switch on another remote . int . underground garage - night the three hemocytes barely have time to notice the halogen lamp lining the wall of the room before they burst on . the creature screech ! with pain . sunglass cover he eye , neville calmly open he door , step out , and proceed to exterminate the three pest . quick machine gun burst to the heart of one and two . when the clip run out , a pistol for the third . neville be prepare . as they lay die , neville shut off the wall lamp , open the passenger door , and gently carry out the wounded dog . int . neville's house - medical facility - night neville deposit the dog on a exam table . how can he stand the pain ?! his body shinner with sweat from exertion , he eye barely open , barely conscious . after make sure the dog be stable , he tend to he own wound . can not help the dog ' till you help yourself . he go to a cabinet and inject himself with a small dose of morphine to eliminate the pain . to keep himself alert , he sniff a capsule of amyl nitrate , then inject himself with a antibiotic . he take a scalpel and cut open he pants leg . the thigh be damn bad . he clean it -- which sting like a mother -- bandage it , then release the tourniquet . God , it hurt ! he think about another shot of morphine , but he must stay conscious . he painfully remove he boot and clean and bandage the ankle . now the wrist . swollen , throbbing . he feel the tendon , the bone , locate the affect section . he ready a splint , some tape , and more amyl nitrate . and then , amazingly , neville set he own break bone . the pain be intense . he nearly pass out , but manage to crack open another capsule of amyl nitrate . he apply the splint and tape . it 's sloppy , but it do the job . neville turn to the dog . he inject the poor thing with a strong dose of morphine , knock he out . he clean and bandage , make sure bleed have stop , but he know , and we know , that this wound be deep and serious . neville watch the dog 's sad eye as the morphine kick in . he lean in and pet he faithful companion . neville they will not have you . I promise . int . neville's house - live room - night neville move to the central security panel . switch on the monitor , boot up the computer , flick switch , etc . ext . compound - night light . on the roof , along the fence , in the compound . everywhere . light at maximum power . ext . area surrounding compound - night the hemocytes react to the shock of illumination . they scurry for cover , for pocket of shadow and darkness . cortman defiantly stand near the gate , at the fall body of he soldier . he scream a fierce cry of anger as he skin sizzle from exposure to the light . christopher run to he side and pull he to safety . behind a wall of rubble , cortman and Christopher join Eva and the other . the group appear dispirite , disillusion . other be angry , ready to attack . cortman how many make it inside ? christopher a half dozen . cortman and the other ? how many , Christopher ? christopher altogether , over twenty dead . ( a plea ) we number dwindle and we lose strength . perhaps it be time for change . time to move on . he be just one man . cortman after what he have do ? the blood he spill ? all the soul take ? we must never cease , we -- all of we -- can never change . not if change mean allow neville freedom , life . that can not be . he look at the wounded , the dead . cortman but you be right about one thing , Christopher . that must change . we have lose too many . neville 's death will come , of that I be certain , but it can not come at the expense of we life . no more . ( to he follower ) he will not have that pleasure . but neville will pay . we will feast on he flesh and drink he blood . ext . neville's house - roof - night neville manage to pull himself into the crow 's nest . he 's armed to the tooth -- ready for a onslaught . he raise a rifle to he eye and look through the scope . neville all right , cortman , come on . he Pov no one there . he scan the area around the fence . there 's one , two ... a few . but they back be turn and they be walk away . no chant , no drum . silence . defeat . be he grateful ? astonish ? or disappointed ? int . neville's house - medical facility - night neville hobble over to the exam table and turn he attention to the unconscious dog . he stitches and disinfect -- as if this be the most important medical procedure ever perform . he will not let this dog die . he lift one of the dog 's eyelid and despise what he see . a faint greyness to the iris . int . neville's house - basement - night neville search for something near the arsenal . int . neville's house - medical facility - night neville rest a heavy kennel cage / carrier on the floor . he put a child 's blanket within , then place the dog inside . strangely , he chain and bolt the cage to the floor and wall . he give the dog a sad , know look and exit . int . neville's house - live room - night neville sit himself in a chair , elevate he wounded leg , and load another shot of morphine . he inject himself and finally , mercifully , he sleep . fade out . fade in : ext . neville's house - dawn the sun have rise . int . neville's house - live room - morning clang ! clang ! neville stir from he drug-induced slumber . instant pain ! his leg and wrist be throbbing ! clang ! clang ! noise from the medical facility . he lower he leg . when the blood return to they , the pain intensify . neville administer another low - level shot of morphine , get to he foot and hobble toward the sound . int . neville's house - medical facility - morning clang clang clang ! the dog be not happy about be in a cage . bark at neville when he enter . neville prepare a sedative and carefully inject it into the dog . int . neville's house - garage - day neville switch off the power for the exterior light . Hit the switch for the overhead door and remember the hemocytes he encounter here last night . he step to the land Rover . there , on the floor , be one , two corpse . both be completely drain of blood . there be three . where 's the third ? neville turn ... and see the third hemocyte stand before he . mouth red . body gorge on blood . death lust in he evil eye . neville be so tired . and do not have a gun ! thank god for the SUN . as the hemocyte make he move , the overhead door slide open . neville back up the ramp , into the light as it cut into the room and descend upon the horrify hemocyte . the creature 's skin blacken and blister . with a disturbing intensity , neville grab the hemocyte by the throat and drag he up the ramp , into the harsh sunlight . toss he into the compound like a bag of trash . neville ( exhaust ) leave I alone . ext . neville's compound - day neville carry out the morning 's grim task : gather the corpse of the hemocyte kill last night . because of he weaken state , he build a pyre in the moat , add the one he just finish off . so sick of it . just sick of it all . ext . deserted highway - day the Rover head out of the city , crossing the BAY bridge . ext . berkeley - day the land Rover speed through the ravage , desolate college town and veer toward the university . ext . U.C. berkeley - day the campus look like the scene of a war . not a riot , a war . it be perhaps even more bleak than anything we see in the city . the land Rover head past a group of dead building , building which hold a terrible secret . the sign read : medical science - krippen CENTER for genetic research spray-paint over the sign be one word : armageddon ! ext . krippen genetics build - day the Rover stop and neville hobble to the bunker - like structure , drag a portable generator . adorn the exterior wall -- and we will see it within , too - - be a logo . a circle with a spiraling line cut through the center . we recognize it as the " mark " of cortman and he follower . int . krippen CENTER - day the lobby once see awful carnage . dried blood cake the wall as do scorch mark from fire . bullet hole be so plentiful , they create a odd " mural . " more significantly , there be something ominous about this place . the serpent 's lair in the Garden of eden . or Satan 's throne room in Hell . neville wheel the generator to a thick metal door . impenetrable . he remove a panel from the floor and access a bundle of electrical wire . he fire up the generator and attaches feed connection to the bundle . attaches a bypass circuit and punch in he own code ... g-r-a-c-e . the mammoth door hiss , groans and open , as if respond to a occult charm . int . krippen CENTER - day neville step into the first room of a large genetics lab . there be numerous room , each color and number code , i.e. DNA storage - orange 7 . the color and rating correspond to germ - free environment , biohazard condition , etc . amazingly , much of the interior of the krippen Center be clean and in work order . but there be hint of disaster and violence - - a bullet hole here , a blood spatter there . neville deposit the dog cage outside a room label animal research lab - red 9 and walk to a lower level room -electrical - blue 5 . he open a panel and find circuit breaker label emergency generator . switch they on . throughout the facility , overhead light flicker to life . the empty sterile room gleam with a antiseptic sense of dread . we see a few of the room --- blood lab - red 9 . audio visual - GREEN 2 . virus storage - red 10 . int . krippen CENTER - audio visual room - day shelve fill with videotape . neville find the animal testing section and select a handful of cassettes . int . krippen CENTER - animal lab - day empty cage . surgical table . microscope . a vcr and tv a a/v cart sit in the corner . neville pop in a cassette label test result / domestic animal / krippen 5/12/98 . sit in a chair , elevate he leg , and watch as the tv play ... on the tv screen , we see the face of dr . JOHN krippen . a intelligent , passionate face now panicked and deaden . his eye have see great disappointment . and even great horror . he speak to a camera which he run himself . krippen ... the viragene appear to have no discernible impact a bird . when injected into subject , no matter the size of the dosage , the result be death . no mutation . the same result with fish and reptile . ( gravely ) we have no such luck with the feline , canine , and rodent host . all accept the viragene , all mutate . the mouse and rat exhibit no hostility when infect , nor do the cat , not really . they predatory instinct be elevate , yes , but they maintain a more calculate , cun approach to ... feed . the dog ... sadly , they ... we see the most alarming result with the dog . the viragene seem to bring out a savage instinct , a primal brutality that go beyond mere survival . ( beat ) just like the human . the large image show we video footage of a german shepherd dog in a strong metal cage . the SMALL image be footage take through a microscope of the dog 's blood cell . a LED read - out at the bottom of the screen show date and time ( 5/4/98/6:20 a.m . ) . krippen 's voice provide commentary on one audio track , the sound from the dog in the cage on the other . there will be abrupt cut and jump , the tape have be hastily prepare . large image : scientist inject the dog . SMALL image : strange new cell mix with the other . ( 5/4/98/6:25 a.m . ) . krippen hemocyte viral genetic agent introduce into normal canine circulatory system . abrupt CUT . large image : the shepherd be happy and playful . SMALL image : the strange cell appear to be gobble up select other . ( 5/4/98/7:02 p.m . ) . krippen just over twelve hour . the viragene have eliminate any disease or unhealthy cell in the host . abrupt CUT . large image : the shepherd be lethargic , depressed . SMALL image : the strange cell be eat healthy red blood cell . ( 5/4/98/11:10 p.m . ) . krippen sixteen hour . the viragene turn to healthy blood cell for fuel . abrupt CUT . large image : the shepherd be magnificently healthy . very active . hyper-alert . he glow with remarkable strength . a eerie blue - greyness in its eye . its fang appear sharper , more savage . SMALL image : fresh blood be introduce and we see the strange cell grow and multiply . ( 5/5/98/l:38 a.m . ) . krippen one liter of transfuse blood introduce into canine system . the viragene feed and multiply at a rate of .25 percent per minute . multiplication rate increase exponentially to amount of blood injected into host . note increase in muscle strength , bone mass , pulse , adrenaline flow . abrupt CUT . large image : the shepard be weak , emaciate , irritable and hostile . he bark and lunge at the scientist near he cage . SMALL image : the strange cell be desperately search for blood cell , devour they like candy . ( 5/7/98/2:00 a.m . ) . krippen viragene consume blood at a astonish rate . if more blood be not introduce , subject will perish . abrupt CUT . large image : the shepard be die . a awful blackness in its eye . SMALL image : the strange cell have eliminate all healthy blood cell . they move anxiously , search , desperate to survive . they lose momentum and cease movement . ( 5/7/98/3:33 p.m . ) . krippen no additional blood have be give to the host . subject terminate . abrupt CUT . large image : the dog 's dead form lie motionless . a scientist carefully inject it with blood . SMALL image : fresh blood cell swim past the dead cell . they flicker to life . ( 5/9/98/4:24 p.m . ) . krippen no heart , respiratory , or brain function in forty - eight hour . fifty cc 's of blood injected into expire host . large image : the shepherd 's limb twitch with life . the bluegreyness return to its formerly lifeless eye . krippen reanimation occur in 15.6 second . large image : the shepard stape at the surveillance camera . bare its fang and snarl . neville abruptly stop the tape . he move to the dog 's cage and unhinge the door . the dog be still sedate and neville locate a syringe and draw blood . he place a drop on a glass slide and examine it under a microscope . he rewind the videotape in search mode and freeze it so he can compare the SMALL screen image to what he see under the microscope . the dog be still in the first stage . neville note the LED readout -- 5/4/98/7:02 p.m. ) . he fastforward in search mode and stop on the image of the lethargic , depressed , hostile shepherd . ( 5/4/98/11:10 p.m. ) . sadly realize how little time he have ... int . krippen CENTER - office - day the nameplate on the door tell we this be the office of dr . JOHN krippen . neville glance at the memento on the desk - photo , award -- and wall -- diploma , certificate , a photo of the entire academic staff of Berkeley . stand among the distinguished gentleman and lady be Robert neville . flashback to : int . krippen CENTER - office - day dr . krippen escort a visitor into he office . offered a chair , neville sit opposite krippen . look every bit the professor in tweed jacket and corduroy , neville smile ... neville thanks for see I , Dr. krippen . krippen be happy , energetic , pleased with himself . krippen we do not get too many visitor from the History Department . ( recall ) we meet at the Christmas Party , do not we ? neville yeah , Jeff introduce we . krippen that 's right . neville listen , I know you be busy , so I will get right to it . the work you be do with leukemia- - from what I read in the paper , it seem to I the same principle could apply to other form of cancer . krippen absolutely . we choose leukemia because , well , if we can do it with blood , we can do it with just about anything in the body . once we tackle blood , the rest ... neville the lymph system ? krippen down the line , yes . neville how far down the line ? krippen what 's the problem , Professor ? neville six month ago my daughter Grace be diagnose with lymphatic cancer . krippen how old be she ? neville seven. ( a plea ) if you could see she ... krippen I would be happy to recommend someone , but there 's really nothing I can do . neville please ... krippen 's secretary pop she head in ... secretary the " nightline " crew be here . krippen have they set up in the lab , margie . oh ! and let Ben know they be here . secretary right . she exit . neville feel insignificant , reject . krippen go to be on tv tonight . neville sort of nod . krippen scribbles a name and number on a piece of paper , give it to neville . krippen Dr. Tom bernardi . he 's the best pediatric oncologist I know . make sure you tell he I refer you . neville we have a doctor . krippen well . I see . if you will excuse I , professor . neville nod , stand , as krippen show he the door . neville sure . int . krippen CENTER - MAIN corridor - day krippen hurry to the lab . neville stand outside the office and crumple the piece of paper in he fist . through a glass partition , we catch sight of a patient . as if he sense neville 's stare , the man turn ... it be cortman . healthy . human . end flashback : int . neville's house - medical CENTER - day neville offer a bowl of food to the dog , but it be uninterested . neville try a dish of water . no reaction . the dog sadly curl up in a corner of the cage . dissolve to : neville examine a recent blood sample from the dog under the microscope . his reaction tell we thing be get worse . dissolve to : neville sit in the corner , on the floor , watch the dog slowly die . the poor thing be wither away to flesh and bone . neville can not stand it . he rise , reach for a gun , and aim at the dog 's heart . his arm hang there , wait . the dog 's pain eye look to he ... why ? neville cannot do it . lower the gun . and make the decision . he take a syringe and begin to withdraw blood from he own arm . he allow a catheter to pour the red liquid into a pan . when he 's lose about half a pint , he stop the process , open the cage door , place the dish inside , lock it . he can not watch as the animal hungrily lap up the blood . dissolve to : ext . neville's house - rooftop - night neville stand in the crow 's nest , rifle nearby . he raise the night-vision binocular to he eye ... nothing . no sign the dog . forever change . rejuvenated by the blood . possess a new strength . it pace , gnaw on the bar , and growl at neville . the icy grey - blue eye of the dog do not see a friend , a master . they see food . howwwwwwwwllllllllll ! the beast 's appetite be great . the hunger painful . neville curse himself for what he have do . slam shut the door . int . neville's house - media CENTER - night neville crank music - tchaikovsky 's 1812 overture . loud . neville sit . thinks . nervous . concerned . he lurch to the stereo and shut it off . be draw to a stack of videotape . most label krippen . another handful : cortman . a tv screen flicker to life : nightline with Ted koppel . neville stare . painful memory ... ted koppel ... and this be ' nightline . ' the world of medicine have see its share of miracle cure , from polio vaccine to heart transplant . however , all past achievement may pale in comparison to the work of Dr. John krippen ... the tape fast -forward . dr . krippen engage with koppel ... krippen the process be simple . a blood cell be genetically engineered to incorporate the property of a virus . when this viragene be introduce into a disease circulatory system , the new cell seek out the cancerous cell , destroy they , and replace they with healthy cell . ted koppel there be some concern , though , doctor , because of the viral element . krippen we need to use a powerful virus , yes , but the virus itself be make impotent . we simply utilize its essential characteristic , its benefit -- rapid duplication , molecular strength . this be not really a virus . it 's not contagious , it 's not destructive . neville laugh . he fast - forward . the video image now include cortman . he and krippen be seat in the lab . cortman be the picture of vitality and health . although a bit pale , he 's muscular and charismatic ... ted koppel join we from Berkeley be " patient one , " Mr. Benjamin cortman . cortman hello . ted koppel Mr. cortman , one year ago , you be diagnose with terminal cancer . leukemia . cortman that 's correct . ted koppel and today ? cortman I be cure . thanks to Dr. krippen . every blood cell in my body be 100 % healthy . better than ever before . ted koppel indeed . there have be rumor , Dr. krippen , that you viragene not only eliminate disease , but revitalize the system as well . krippen that be a positive side effect , yes . ted koppel what other side effect be there ? cortman none , really , that ... krippen ... photosensitivity ... cortman ... oh. yeah . the sun ... my skin be really sensitive to light krippen which have to do with blood supply ... koppel yes , and that bring up the harshest criticism of you work , Dr. krippen . the tremendous amount of donate blood need to pursue this experiment ... ellen' voice he 's very handsome . neville turn ... reveal we be now in he old bedroom . watch tv with he wife . they daughter grace fast asleep in neville 's arn . ( nightline continue in the background ) . neville krippen ? ellen no , silly , the other one . the patient . neville he be there today . I see he . he have scary eye . ellen scary be attractive . do not you know anything , Bobby ? close on cortman' face . video static . the nightline tape have be replace . we be now watch a in - house interview with cortman inside the krippen Center . he be inside a padd cell . the camera recording this must have be behind a thick wall of plexiglass . cortman stare at the lens . he be naked save a pair of boxer short . his body be muscular , he extremely pale skin drench in sweat . he 's lose most of he hair and he eye be ice . he 's in a very agitate state . he pace , no stalk around the cell , occasionally pound he fist against or headbutting the plexiglass wall . krippen' disembodied voice be pipe into the cell . krippen' voice Ben ? cortman slam he body into a wall . krippen' voice Ben ? why do not you try to calm , down ? cortman rush to the plexiglass and sneer ... cortman calm ? calm ?! you want I to fucking calm down ?!! you go to hell , krippen . you go there and meet you maker . krippen' voice Ben ... cortman give it to I ! ! ! ! we hear krippen push something through a sliding tray into the padded cell . Inside , cortman lunge for the content of the drawer - - a plastic packet of blood and a syringe . krippen' voice please use the syringe this time , Ben . cortman throw the needle . rip open the blood packet and drink . every drop . lick the plastic clean . mouth smear with crimson , he placidly approach the plexiglass ... cortman you do not understand , doctor . it 's the taste . the flavor . ( lose in reverie ) I can feel it ... feel it inside I . ( laugh ) God . it 's so beautiful ... the blood race through he vein , apparent to we due to the translucence of cortman 's flesh . his muscle grow - pectoral , biceps . a transformation from man to superman . cortman you do this . you make I . I be the future , Dr. krippen . live with that . video static . a new tape . krippen . a shell of a man . a wreck . in the b.g. , a blaring alarm and flash emergency strobe light . from head to toe , he be soak with water . he clutches computer print-out . clear he throat and try to muster up he former pride and dignity ... krippen the latest estimate have it spread to the rest of the country in six day . by the time it hit New York , ninety - five percent of the population of California will be infect . the fight in the street ... the bloodsh ... I fear be nothing but a harbinger of the real battle yet to come . ( fight back nausea ) we have determine that exposure to sunlight , plasma starvation , oxygen depravation , massive blood loss , and severe damage to the heart be the only lethal mean of stop that ... infect . even so , cremation be the sole guarantee that reanimation will not occur . he wipe moisture from he eye . the alarm stop . somewhere , beyond the thick wall of the center , we hear the cry of the hemocytes ... voice outside krippen ... krippen ... krippen yes . well . my latest blood test reveal I be in stage two of the disease . already my mind be beginning to deteriorate into fantasy of savagery . I feel the desire to feed , but I can not bear the think of it . nor can I bear the think of ... of cortman rip I open . gutting I . feasting ... he pull something from he pocket . a lighter . we finally notice a object in the background . a empty gasoline can . that 's not water he 's cover with . krippen God forgive I . he ignites the lighter . his body burst into flame . neville shut off the tv . why ? why do I watch it again ? why torture myself ?! he press he fist against he temple . close he eye . howwwwwwwwwllllllllll ... the dog again . it bark and moan ... neville stop it ! stop ! neville watch the security monitor . where be they ? hoooowwwwllll ... damn dog . neville storm to the medical center . he look like he could strangle the beast , but he stop and lean against the door ... neville I be sorry ... dissolve to : morning . neville asleep . slump against the mo center door . all be quiet . but the silence be break by a horrific cry of pain . neville bolt awake . he fling open the door . int . neville's house - medical CENTER - morning a shaft of sunlight slice through the room to the cage . the dog desperately try to stay away , but the light touch its tail and sizzle . the dog cry . neville shove the cage aside and cover the window with a blanket . he move to tend to the dog , hut it snarl at he as he approach . the dog 's body be thin and weak . its eye be blank , the tongue a sick , pasty white . neville draw blood from himself , but place the packet in a refrigerator . the dog see they , and it drive he mad with thirst . he yelp and whine , begging for the blood , but neville betray no emotion . how could he torture the poor thing like this ? ext . neville's house - outer fence - day neville walk the perimeter . int . neville's house - kitchen - day a stoic neville eat breakfast . int . neville's house - greenhouse - day neville tend to he garden . int . neville's house - garage - day neville repair the land Rover . four o'clock . int . neville's house - medical CENTER - day neville enter , careful not to allow in sunlight . switch on a flashlight . its beam find the dog . Inside the cage . Dead . this be what neville expect . he cover the cage with a blanket and retrieve the blood from the refrigerator . ext . wood / park - day the land Rover drive over rough terrain , through a unpopulate , thickly wood park area , and stop at land 's end , overlook the Pacific Ocean . neville climb out , machine gun in hand , and survey the area . the dirt reveal SMALL animal track and up above , in the sky , be a few seagull . neville can not believe it . he have not see a bird in quite awhile . when they see he , however , they take flight , soar out to the ocean . neville step down to the beach . to he right , a lighthouse and pier . to he leave , build into a hillside , be a thick iron door . a weather - beat sign read san francisco underground transit --maintenance tunnel . int . lighthouse - day neville search . empty . nothing life here . when he reach the top , neville look out at the majestic ocean , the sun beginning its descent . he look down at the pier . and spy a old tugboat moor there . int . tugboat - dusk neville take a closer look . apparently , the craft be still seaworthy . what about it , Bob ? just go ... ext . beach - dusk neville remove the cage from the Rover and pull off the blanket . he fill a syringe with he blood , take the already - prepare packet and rest they on the ground . he look at the dog 's dead eye and whisper ... neville good-bye . he open the cage door , inject the beast with blood , then quickly run to the land Rover and lock himself inside . int . land rover - dusk neville watch as the dog 's body twitches back to life . it lift its head and color -- icy blue-grey -- return to its eye . they find neville . he exchange one last look with the dog , then speed away , unable to linger . ext . neville's house - night again , cortman and the hemocytes do not come . int . neville's house - kitchen - night a forlorn neville sit at the table , he dinner uneaten . int . neville's house - live room - night neville watch the surveillance monitor . nothing . int . neville's house - bedroom night neville in bed , wide awake . int . neville's house - kitchen - morning neville stare at he uneaten breakfast . in a sudden burst of violence , he swipe the food onto the floor . int . neville's house - bedroom - day although it 's the middle of the day , neville lie in bed , eye stare blankly ahead , gently rock himself . int . neville's house - meditation room - day neville stare at the religious icon . they mean nothing . ext . neville's house - day the land Rover roar out of the compound . ext . suburb - day the vehicle stop outside a decaye grocery store . int . grocery store - day neville fill a satchel with bottle of liquor --scotch , wine , gin , vodka . what the hell , grab cigarettes , too . int . neville's house - night neville stand at the kitchen table . fill a goblet with wine , a tumbler with scotch , and a martini glass with gin . the ritual be complete . just one last step . just go ahead ... he lift the tumbler of scotch to he lip . stop . he return it to the table and go to the media center . locate and play a videotape . one of he " diary " tape , clearly make awhile ago . this neville be pudgy , pasty , heavily bearded , and very drunk . he hold a pistol in one hand and a bottle of booze in the other . neville ( on tape ) ... nobody tell Bob neville what to do . that 's because there be nobody -- not one damn body -- to tell I anything ! ( laugh ) what the hell difference do it make , anyway , right ? most people be bore , or asshole , or creep , or ... people betray you , people criticize you , people steal from you . who need people ? ( laugh hard ) people who need people be the stupidest people in the world . in the background , we hear voice bellow , " neville ... " neville ( on tape ) shut up ! sonsofbitch ! he fire madly at the wall . hurl the bottle , shatter it . neville ( on tape ) fuck . what 'dja do that for , Bobby ? that be the last of the scotch . stupid . he point the gun at he own temple . pull the trigger . click . empty chamber . neville break up with laughter . the tape be shut off . neville stare at the blank screen . int . neville's house - kitchen - night neville empty the bottle of liquor into the sink . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville lie in bed . Wide awake . dissolve to : int . neville's house - greenhouse - day many of the fruit and vegetable be rotting . int . neville's house - kitchen day dirty dish pile in the sink . int . neville's house - basement day the shoot range be empty . Exercise equipment unused . int . neville's house - media CENTER - day no wall of sound . no " normalcy . " int . neville's house - bedroom - day neville still in bed . empty food wrapper and water bottle litter the floor . he stare at the photo of he wife and daughter . he 's be stare at it for day . finally , before he -- and we -- can take it no longer , he sit up ... neville get up , Bob . just get up . int . neville's house - kitchen - day the video camera sit before he , recording . neville stare at the lens , word fail to come to he mouth . and then ... neville my name be Robert neville . I be bear in Des Moines , Iowa . I have a wife ellen and a daughter Grace . since this all happen , I have have many dog . they be good scout , good sentries . they be necessary . and disposable . but this last one , he ... he be a good dog . he seem to ... Gracie would have like he . it be my fault . my own stupid fault . ext . golden gate park - day dishevel and depressed , neville wander around the park and find himself at portal of the past . somewhat daze , he sit on he usual bench . one of he old leaflet at he foot . he smirk at he desperate plea for contact then realize something be write on the other side ... where be you ROBERT ??? for a moment , he think he 's go crazy . but no , it 's there , right in front of he . and then he notice the entire bench be cover with leaflet . crudely , quickly tape down . all bear variation of the same message ... where be you ? he stand . disbelieve . exhilated . terrify . suspicious . he rip the flyer from the bench , frantically gather they . one which convey a more detailed message ... I have tried for day to meet you . where be you , ROBERT ? I am alone and need help . be you for real ? neville feel a shiver run through he body . he search he pocket for something to write with and scrawl a reply ... I be sorry , I be sorry , I be sorry . I should have be here every day . I will be here tomorrow , I will . 12 noon . when the sun be high in the sky . I be real . I will help . I be here . he sign he name and tape it to the bench . neville I be here , ( shout ) i'm here . ( at the top of he lung ) I am here . his voice echoes throughout the city . ext . neville's house - night again , the area be devoid of hemocyte activity . int . neville's house - various - night like a housewife prepare for company , neville clean the house from top to bottom . change bedding , wash clothes , tend to the garden . there 's a manic energy to he activity . he 's not entirely " all there . " and then , when everything be clean , when the house sparkles , he turn to himself . he shower , shave , clip he nail , wash he hair . stare at himself in the mirror , smile . and the smile fade as a moment of clarity prevail . int . neville's house - basement - night near the fire range , neville dismantle a thick wire door use for storage . he gather some lumber , some metal plate , and he tool . int . neville's house - medical CENTER - night neville dump everything from the basement into the room . clear out a corner and get to work . ext . neville's house - day wearing a fresh outfit , bulletproof pad , and heavily armed , neville climb into the land Rover . ext . golden gate park - day neville stake out the surround area . check any place where someone might hide . place motion detector in a circle about two hundred foot surround the bench . doublecheck he weapon . look at he watch . 11:45 . he wait . not sure what to expect . he rest a electronic device next to himself on the bench . it will alert he to anything that move past the sensor . 11:55 . the area surround the bench be relatively free of clutter . a waste basket , rotting garbage , newspaper , etc . 12:01 . neville look around . already anxious . clutch he machine gun . he do not hear or see the pile of rotting garbage move . he do not see a hand . he do not see a human figure emerge from a hole , dig into the ground behind the bench , a gun in its hand ... however , neville do feel the barrel press into he neck . woman' voice do not move . neville do not panic . simply do as he be tell . woman' voice now . Real slow . put the gun down . neville follow order . the gun barrel fit snugly into the base of he skull . woman' voice well , well , well . I be beginning to think you be a fairy tale . she start to move around he . the gun move with she . neville oh no . I be real . and with the quickness of a cat , neville duck and backhand she hard . she fire a wild shot . neville punch . squeezy she wrist until she release she gun . neville grab it and pistol butt she in the forehead , knock she out . he stand . finally able to look at he attacker . she 's cover in filthy rag from head to toe . neville pull back the cloth cover she face ... although sheathed in dirt and grime , she be beautiful . her flesh do not boil and blister in the sunlight . he brushes away she long dark hair . she can not be over twenty . she 's still a kid . neville check the area , the sensor . no , she 's alone all right . he check the hole and find a full backpack . grab it , toss it over he shoulder , lift she in he arm , and carry she to the land Rover . int . neville's house - medical CENTER - day the girl lie on a exam table , unconscious . neville remove the filthy clothing , stripping she down to t-shirt and legging . can not let he eye dwell on she breast , she ... he wash she face and tend to she forehead . he prepare a syringe and when he look for a vein , he see track mark run up and down each arm . he move to she backpack and dump its content . a few can of food , round of ammunition , a flashlight , battery , syringe and ampule of Red Cross morphine . neville shake he head . he take the syringe and carefully withdraw a blood sample from a vein in she hand . despite the long , dirt - encrust fingernails , they be beautiful hand . exquisite . he look away . take the blood sample , inject it into a test tube , and place it in the centrifuge . ext . neville's house - night all be quiet . again , the hemocytes fail to appear . int . neville's house - medical CENTER - night neville sit at the table , eat dinner and look at bloodwork through a portable microscope . from the Medical Center , we hear a rattling . then a terrible scream . neville expect this . he take a plate of food from the stove . int . neville's house - medical CENTER - night neville open the door and we see the girl be trap inside a cage . construct last night by neville specifically for this purpose . she be not happy . like a rabid , feral animal , she rattles she cage and scream . he set the plate of food on the counter and sit in a chair a few foot away from she . calm . cool . wait for she to blow off steam . neville you hungry ? the girl let I out !!! neville what 's you name ? the girl go to hell ! that 's my name ! go to Hell . he open he hand revealing a vial of morphine - she stop . neville you be addict ? the girl that 's mine . neville you blood 's full of this shit . the girl give it to I . neville but you be not infect . ab negative . you be immune . like I . the girl I say that 's mine . you have no right . neville that be pretty good . you little stunt in the park . get the drop on I . the girl I ... neville yeah ? the girl I be not sure . it coulda be a trick . you coulda be one of they . when they first get it , they can still take the sun . that 's why I be in here , right ? you be not sure about I , either . neville that 's right . the girl but ... you see my blood . you know I be okay , so let I out . he grab a sponge , soap , and a bowl of water . place they - and the food -- on the floor just outside the cage . neville you should eat . and wash up . you smell pretty bad . the girl fuck you . neville ( be the morphine ) do it and you get some of this . the girl give it to I now . neville this be not a negotiation . she lift the bowl , soap , sponge and hurl it at neville . he sidestep as it shatter on the wall . she lift the food and throws , splatter he shirt . the girl no no no no no no no ! neville Fine . we will try this again a little later when you be feel more ... civil . the girl GOD damn you to hell ! outside the room , neville shut the door , lean against it . close he eye and cover he ear , try not to be affect by she cry . he can not let she see he like this . he can not be weak . he must be in control . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville change he shirt . for a brief moment , he 's draw to the photo of he wife . the girl 's scream have become pathetic whimper . she 's cry . in desperate need of a fix . neville sit on the edge of he bed . compose himself . int . neville's house - medical CENTER - night neville step inside . the girl lie on the floor of the cage , sweat , shiver . between sob , she plead ... the girl please , mister . I be sorry . neville prepare a morphine vial and syringe . neville you have to cooperate . I will cooperate , too . you talk to I , tell I a few thing , and I give you this . the girl Fucking blackmail . neville what 's you name ? no response . just eye on the morphine . neville come on . the girl Anna . neville Anna . Anna what ? anna please ... neville Anna what ? anna Anna mccauley . neville Anna , I be Robert . Robert neville . ever the gentle , he extend he hand for she to shake , but she just smirk at the gesture . anna I know who you be . everybody know who you be . neville everybody . what do you mean everybody ? anna where I come from . neville where 's that ? anna give I the fuck drug . neville where ? anna just outside Portland . there be ten of we live in the wood . it be good , you know , real nice , a real " family . " then ... six month ago , the first one ( more ) anna ( cont would ) come . we kill most , but more show up the next night . I and Doug be the only one to get away . the only one leave alive . neville where 's Doug now ? anna Doug 's dead . give I the drug . neville why come here ? to the city ? anna we run into some people in Eureka . they get a whole operation up there . Soldiers start it up . gung-ho asshole . survivalist . they get food , gun , a hospital . they know about you . down here . all on you own . neville bullshit . anna it 's not . I swear . neville why not stay with they ? anna because I do not want to spend the rest of my already pathetic life get gang - rape , okay ? they murder Doug . and they have other plan for I . but I get away . I get away . neville explode to he foot . angry . confused . neville there 's no one ! no one else ! I try ... the radio , signal flare , it 's pointless . for year I have try ... anna then how do you explain I ? he approach with the syringe . anna thank you . she stick she arm out of the cage . neville can not find a vein . anna yes you can , yes you can . neville finally locate one and inject . once the syringe be emptied into she arm , he step back . Anna smile and lean against the wall of the cage . her eye open wide with fear . her body shake . she look nauseous . anna this be not morphine ! neville no . no , it 's sticelezine . they develop it for rapid heroin detox , but it will work for morphine addiction , too . anna you prick ! she lunge at he , but she stomach cramp and she fall . neville it 's a severe shock to the system , but the treatment only last twenty - four hour . anna I swear , I will kill you . she collapse . lose consciousness . neville you will not go through withdrawal -- it 's not a painful process at all . you will be asleep most of the time . there 's risk of heart attack , but I will be monitoring you . Anna 's eye roll back into she head . her body go limp . neville unlock the cage door and lift she into he arm . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville rest Anna on he bed . she 's still filthy , so he make the decision to wash she . he cut away she t-shirt and legging with surgical safety scissors and throw they away . he try very hard not to be entrance by she young , thin body . he simply do a job . or try to . he fill a basin with warm water , soap a sponge , and gently wash she body . up she leg , she buttock , around she stomach , she breast . shampoos and rinse she hair . softly caress she face with a washcloth . it 's a undeniably sensual experience , but neville do not cross the line . he be respectful . we see he have the heart of a caretaker . there be a gentleness to he action which inform we that he must have be a wonderful husband . and a caring father . neville open a trunk and find a nightgown among he wife 's thing . carefully fit Anna into it . he step back and observe she . peaceful . beautiful . angelic . just like ellen . he kneel , almost in prayer , then hook she up to a i.v. and adjust the flow of the medication . neville take towel and blanket , rip they into strip , and secure Anna 's wrist and ankle to the bed frame . she 's comfortable , but secure . int . neville's house - greenhouse - dawn neville select the best fruit from he garden . int . neville's house - kitchen - dawn neville place the fruit in a blender with some protein powder and water . boil some oatmeal on the stove . int . neville's house - bedroom - morning Anna be somewhat conscious . neville undoe she wrist tie and sit she up . like a father with a newborn , he attempt to feed she . she spit up and he wipe she face . neville we have get to get something into you . he lift a glass of the protein shake to she lip and she manage to drink some down . neville good girl . he lower she onto the bed and give she a series of three injection . carefully follow procedure in a medical manual . when complete , he reattach the wrist tie and sit in a chair opposite Anna . watch she sleep . int . neville's house - bedroom - a few hour later Anna 's body convulse . neville expect this . he prepare a syringe , inject she , and she relax . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville stand on the balcony , sip a cup of coffee . the sun set beyond the hill , over the ocean . he hear Anna stir and moan . he check she blood pressure , temperature , pulse , and pupil dilation . be satisfied with she vital and remove the i.v . he give she a final injection , remove one of the wrist tie and sit she up as she gain consciousness . neville sit beside she with a bowl of rice and a spoon . tries to get she to eat , but she shove it away . neville I know you be hungry . she be starve . but she will not allow he to feed she . with she one free hand , she take the bowl and spoon from he and feed herself . Big gulp of rice . neville slow down . you will get sick . she listen . after a few bite , she realize that she be clean and in someone else 's clothes . anna what do you do ? neville you be filthy . anna ( angry ) do you enjoy it ? give I a little bubble bath ? do you like my body ? neville eat . anna do it turn you on ? do I get you hard ? neville stop . anna ( be the nightgown ) who 's be this ? you mommy 's ? grandma ? ( sly ) Mrs. neville ? from he reaction , she know she guess right . anna ah , I get it . clean I up , dress I like the dear depart . then what ? wait ' till I pass out and have a quick fuck for old time 's sake ? be I any good ? I would like to know ... neville stop it . he explode . she laugh . he secure she free wrist to the bed . she continue laughing ... anna bondage . I be into it . be she ? neville close the shutter to the balcony . gather up medical supplies and the food , head downstairs . anna what 's the matter ? can not get it up ? int . neville's house - live room - night neville sit at the bottom of the spiral staircase , face bury in he hand , determine not to let she see he hurt . he move to the surveillance center and check the monitor . still no sign of cortman and the hemocytes . he adjust a few knob , a joystick controller , change angle . something be out there . he zoom in . dog . half a dozen contaminate dog . scavenge . he zoom in closer , try to get a better look . no . he 's not with they . a crash from upstairs . thumping . neville bolt up the spiral staircase . int . neville's house - bedroom - night Anna be convulse . the i.v. be on the floor , the needle detach . neville loosen the restraint and cradle she body until she limb cease flail . she vomit and he carry she into the bathroom . she heave into the toilet and break into a cold sweat . he wash she face , and wrap she in a blanket . she look at he with terrify eye ... anna I be scared . she lean into he and he hold she . anna I be really scared . neville it 's okay . I be here . she begin to cry and he softly caress she face . neville I know . she bury she face into he shoulder , sobbing . he look at the blank wall of the bathroom , stroking she hair ... neville I know . dissolve to : int . neville's house - kitchen - morning Anna sit at the kitchen table wear the nightgown and neville 's robe , gently rock . neville place a bowl of oatmeal and a cup of tea in front of she . the same for himself . he eat , she do not . neville it will help with the nausea . she take a few bite . sip she tea . they eat in silence for awhile until Anna decide to make conversation . anna how long have you be here ? neville almost twelve year . this be my house . be my house . anna I guess I think you find it ... take it over when ... it happen . why do you stay ? everybody know to get out of the city . they take over the city . neville my home . they can not take that from I . anna ( try to compliment he ) you ... fix it up real nice . I feel safe here . neville sort of nod a thanks . anna do not you get lonely ? neville I keep busy . there 's a lot to do . anna answer the question . neville of course I do . she nod . understand . but want to know more ... anna I hear a lot of thing . about you . neville like what ? anna that you have kill hundred of they . thousands ... neville and ? anna that you like it . he do not respond . anna they say you chop off they head and stick them on pole . that you cut out they heart and eat they raw . they say you rape the woman and cut off the men' cock and shove them in they mouth . neville where do you hear this ? she hesitates for a moment . then answer ... anna up in Eureka . that guy ... neville right . anna do you ? neville do I what ? anna do that thing ? neville what do you think ? she do not answer . neville I have get work to do . if you feel up to it , you can help . ext . neville's house - compound - day neville spot-check the fence . make repair where necessary . Anna follow , carry a spool of wire . anna why stay here ? why not take off ? who know what you might find . neville exactly . anna you afraid ? neville I know what 's here . out there , I have nothing . here , I have everything . you say it before . I be safe . anna I say I feel safe . do not mean I be safe . int . neville's house - greenhouse - day neville tend to the garden . Anna pick strawberry . anna I mean , there could be more like you . like I . uninfect . survive . be not you curious ? do not you want to know ? there 's a whole country ... a whole continent ... neville how old be you ? anna nineteen . neville I be forty - two . when you be forty - two , you like stay put . int . neville's house - garage - day neville fill the generator , check the land Rover , the back - up car , the motorcycle . Anna eat strawberry . anna be you gonna rape I ? neville look at she with disbelief . neville have not plan on it , no . anna that guy in Eureka , that 's what they have in mind . neville I figure as much . anna why be they like that ? neville who ? anna Men . most man be like that . neville not I . so do not worry . anna yeah , but you be ... weird . not normal . neville I be not normal ? ( be the strawberry ) not too many of that . you will get sick . ext . neville's house - roof - day neville replace bulb in lamp . Anna search the surround area with a pair of binocular . anna why do you think this happen ? my dad think it be God . God get so piss off at what people be do , he decide to end it . once and for all . neville this be not about punishment . God do not want we to suffer . anna oh yeah ? why then ? why let this happen ? neville we let this happen . not him . anna how do you know ? neville I do not . that 's just what I believe . if I do not , I would have blow my brain out a long time ago . int . neville's house - kitchen - dusk Anna and neville sit down to dinner . neville whisper a bless , then serve the food . anna Robert ? first time she 's call he that . he look up . anna can I stay here ? he analyze she beautiful , youthful face . her tough exterior have vanish like so much vapor . neville if you want . anna I do . thank you . he nod and shyly return to he plate . they sneak glance at each other as they share the rest of dinner in silence . ext . neville's house - roof - night neville show Anna how to switch on the powerful exterior light . he lift a pair of binocular to he eye and survey the area . again , no hemocytes . neville have you go ? have you ? he retreat inside . Anna hesitates on the roof . look at the barren area beyond the compound fence . she wait for a moment , apparently deeply tear , then follow . int . neville's house - surveillance CENTER - night he show she the various close - circuit screen and computer . neville for movement outside the far fence , you best vantage point be the roof . Beyond that , you be better off down here . ( be the monitor ) Visual check here , ( be the computer ) sensor check here . the area surround the house be monitor for change in heat , sound , movement . if one get inside the fence , you will know . the computer display the electronic mine . neville if you can not take they out with a shot from the roof or one of the window , use this . each spot on the screen correspond to a keyboard command . Press it and it ignites a mine . just make sure you have the right one . anna kind of cold - blooded be not it ? neville there be hundred of they and just one of I . ( rethink ) two of we . it 's just the way it have to be . Anna think she see the system 's fatal flaw , a weakness . anna what happen if they all come - over the fence ? all at once ? neville they will not . neville hit a button on the computer keyboard . all the " mine " symbol start blink red . he throw a switch and a alarm sound . a red light flash . Anna panic . neville in thirty second , the whole thing go up . the house , the yard , the hill . all of it . anna turn it off ! neville enjoy she discomfort . anna turn it off ! he push it too far . shut the system down . neville two year ago , I capture one of they . bring he inside and show he just what I show you . then I let he go . they know . ( remember ) do you remember the old cold War ? no , you be too young . anna I read about it . neville well then . during the cold War , there be a unspoken understanding . if any of the major power launch a all - out assault , the target country would retaliate in equal force . it would mean total destruction . the attack would be render meaningless . so peace be maintain . I guess you could call it peace , even what I have with cortman - - ( more ) neville ( cont would ) it 's a sort of peace . we have we border clash , skirmish . but we both know ... anna where be they now ? neville I have no idea . it could be a trick . they might be go . once and for all . most of they -- when thing begin to settle down -- become nomadic . when a food supply become deplete , it become necessary for they to move on , to find new source . but he remain . laying he claim . establish a power base . anna who ? neville cortman . anna who 's cortman ? neville almost laugh . can not believe she do not know . neville who 's cortman ? int . neville's house - media CENTER - night tvs litter the floor . like a obsessed librarian , neville search for the perfect assortment of videotape . Anna sit in a chair like a moviegoer wait for the show . neville how old be you ? sixteen ? Anna nod . neville where be you live ? Portland ? anna no . we live in the mountain . about two hundred mile east . neville you do not see any of this ? anna my dad do not allow tv . my brother ... my brother and I use to sneak into the car to listen to the radio sometimes ... neville but you never see ? anna not until after . not 't i1 it be all over . when they come we way . from the city . my father think city be sodom and gomorrah . and they be the offspring . the damned . he insert the first cassette . neville you know what I do ? I teach history . I have keep all this as a record . a document of the truth . someday , it might help . someone , someone in the future ... they can see . see for themselves what happen . he press play . tv news footage . news anchor ( on tape ) ... a disturbing occurrence at Berkeley . we John sanchez be on the scene ... the tape now show a herd of reporter , firefighter , and police officer outside the krippen CENTER at Berkeley . sanchez ( on tape ) Three doctor and two security guard be murder as ten patient fle the krippen Center for genetic Research . we have no information on the nature of the work be do here , but ... he see a wounded dr . krippen escort from the Center by two policeman . blood drip from he forehead . sanchez ( on tape ) Dr. krippen ? Dr. krippen ? can you tell we why the C.D.C. be alert ? be there a public danger ? krippen look shell - shocked . he hide he face and slink into the rear of a police car . neville shut off the tape . press play on another deck , another tv spring to life . video footage of the San Francisco chief of police at a PRESS conference fill with angry reporter . blown-up photo of the " krippen ten " rest on easel behind he . most prominent be a photo of cortman . neville point to it for Anna . neville that 's he . that 's cortman . chief of police ( on tape ) this man and woman be consider extremely dangerous . they have now kill twenty people in just forty - eight hour . include four police officer . reporter one ( on tape ) Chief , we have get no clear answer on this ... be this people carry some kind of virus ? we have a right to know . chief of police ( on tape ) I be go to turn that over to Dr. Petersen from the c.d.c . dr . petersen step up to the microphone . dr . petersen ( on tape ) upon the cdc 's review of Dr. krippen 's research , Washington have give we the authority to term this a code Red situation . each of the ten be carry a potentially lethal virus- type agent . shout and cry from the PRESS . reporter two ( on tape ) be it contagious ? reporter three ( on tape ) what be the symptom ? dr . petersen ( on tape ) listen , we be still try to get a handle on this ourselves . the Berkeley campus be under quarantine . for the moment , we have no plan to implement such containment in the city itself . neville shut off the tape . neville no , but you should have . ( to Anna ) you do not know what it be like . the fear . the panic . he start another . video footage of the governor of california read a statement . the poor man look absolutely distraught . governor ( on tape ) ... just speak to the President . although it grieve I to do so , for the safety of we citizen , the National Guard have declare a state of martial law in the State of California . I be tell such consideration be underway in Arizona , nevada , Utah , and Oregon . under the statute of martial law , and in accordance with the extreme circumstance of this situation , all personally - own firearm will be confiscate by the military . also , a mandatory curfew -- for all civilian -- be instate . the curfew will begin at sunset and last until sunrise the follow day . anyone on the street during this period be consider dangerous . a " shoot - to-kill " order have be issue . anyone exhibit symptom of infection must admit themselves to the nearest medical facility for treatment . if a child be symptomatic , the parent or parent will be hold responsible . noncompliance in this request be a punishable offense . punishable by death . finally , all body ... all victim ... must be properly dispose of . if you see a corpse , do not touch it . call the 800 number at the bottom of the screen and a disposal unit will be alert . God have mercy on we all . neville switch off the tape . turn to Anna . neville in six day -- less than a week -- the world turn upside down . San Francisco become a war zone . do you know what people do when you tell they they no longer have rights ? that a individual be powerless ? they fight . it be ludicrous to think mankind would just roll on its back and comply . I see my neighbor -- people I have know for year -- become bloodthirsty savage . infect , uninfected , it do not matter . we be all drive mad . the survival instinct go ballistic . food , gun , medicine , blood -- it all become priceless . Worth kill for . that who have become the target of the have not . a city of five million people . within a month more than half be dead . six week later , about ten thousand like I . ab negatives . we be all determine to ( more ) neville ( cont would ) live . but we do not gather together . there be no unity . it be every man for himself . trust have be abolish . by the end of the year , it be I . just I . anna how ? how do you do it ? neville I remain calm . it 's the great secret of survival . when all around be chaos , when everyone be drive to the brink of insanity ... relax . anna ( a confession ) do not you ... do not you wish , sometimes , that you die too ? with everybody else ? neville every day . beep-beep-beep . a sensor alarm . neville bolt to the surveillance center . scan the monitor for sign of activity , but find nothing . neville I be go to the roof . stay here . he grab a rifle and head up the staircase . Anna move to the videotape . curious to find a certain something ... ext . neville's house - rooftop - night neville survey the area with binocular . for a brief moment , he think he sees someone go over the far fence . he raise the rifle scope , but find nothing . int . neville's house - live room - night video image . neville 's wife , ellen , play in a park with daughter grace . Home video . happy time . neville's voice turn it off . reveal anna . watch the tape . she turn to he ... anna she be beautiful . neville turn it off , Anna . anna what happen to she ...? neville turn it off . he move to the tv and press the wrong button . the image will not go away . angry , disturb , he frantically try to shut it off , then yank the plug out of the wall . neville do not do that again . ever . he shut off the other electronics . neville you should get some sleep . anna what about you ? neville I will be fine . I get about two or three hour just before dawn . anna you sure ? neville go to bed , Anna . please . she head upstairs . steal a glance at he , but he be not look at she , he 's look at he reflection in the blank tv screen . int . neville's house - bedroom - night - a few hour later Anna sleep . a angel . reveal neville stand over she . dissolve to : neville lie on a mat on the floor . stare at the ceiling . flashback to : int . neville's house - day ellen stand at the live room window , anxious , nervous . outside , army helicopter fly overhead . the street be virtually desert . dusk be approach . and the curfew . ellen check she watch . the land Rover screech into the driveway . neville hurry into the house carry a big gym bog . ellen open the door and lock it once he 's inside . ellen where be you ?! neville draw the curtain . ellen you have a phone in the goddamn car . neville Kitchen door lock ? ellen what ? neville be it locked ?! neville open the bag revealing a machine gun and clip of ammunition . ellen be paralyze by the sight of it . neville where 's Grace ? ellen asleep . neville how 's she do ? be she ... ellen Bob ! neville what ? ellen where do you get it ? neville one of my student be in the National Guard . he give it to I . ellen gave it to you ? neville I trade he . ellen traded what ? neville blood . my blood . there 's some kind of rumor go around that transfusion of ab neg can keep you safe . ellen be that true ? neville no . but he think so . ellen for God 's sake , what if they find out ?! do you know what they will do ? they be kill people who hide gun ! neville just shut up , ellen . okay ? they stop when they sense Grace in the room . she 's stare at they with dark , glassy eye . emaciate , clearly infect . she just look at they -- as if they fight be she fault . grace daddy ? I be scared . neville feel a overwhelming sadness . he move to she just as she faint . the image distort . a few day later . we move with neville into a darkened bedroom ... neville ellen ? he sees he wife , sit on the edge of the bed . her wrist be bleeding and the weak Grace be drink from the wound . a guilty ellen explain to she horrify husband ... ellen she need it , Bob . and I be not afraid . what be mean to pass will pass . the image distort . two C.D.C. men in biohazard suit enter the house . a biohazard - suite national guardsman stand watch . the c.d.c . Men see Grace 's dead form . neville stand in a corner , very near the edge of shock . one of the C.D.C. man turn to he , he voice electronically distort ... C.D.C. man one it 's just the two of you , sir ? neville yes . my wife die last week . they load Grace into a body bag and carry she to the door . outside , a garbage truck wait . more guardsmen . more garbage truck on every street . the distraught neville , maintain composure , move to he pre-customization land Rover . neville I be come with you . C.D.C. man one that 's not allow . neville I be ab negative . besides , you can not stop I . I still have that right . the image distort . neville 's Rover stop outside the army golf course -- the Mass burial site . the garbage truck unceremoniously dump its cargo . the body bag fall . a biohazard - suite worker carry a large hose spray the corpse with gasoline . another worker toss a torch over the side and the pit erupt in flame . neville watch in horror , the crimson fire reflect against he skin . the image distort . neville in he house . he unlocks the door to the master bedroom . knock a warning ... neville ellen ? it 's I . he push into the room and we see a terrify ellen huddle in the corner clutching the machine gun . she be pale and emaciate . sweating , paranoid . infect . ellen be they go ? neville ( tenderly ) they be go , sweetie . he kneel beside she . ease the gun out of she tight grip . neville it 's okay ... ellen be she ...? neville she 's go , honey . it 's over for she . she 's at peace . ellen begin to sob . desperately hug he . ellen oh God , Bob . just kill I . please . it would probably be best , but the idea be anathema to he . neville I can not do that . the image distort . the cemetery . work quietly and in darkness , neville slip past security and carry ellen 's dead body to the tomb . inside the crypt , he lay she to rest . she 's dress in she wedding gown . neville place she within the stone coffin and kneel in prayer . neville I love you , ellen . I will love you forever . close on her face as the stone coffin lid slide into place . the image distort . San Francisco in ruin . building and car on fire , crash helicopter smolder in the street . horrible cry of pain and thirst . neville's house . the first crude barricade up . inside , neville sit in a chair in the center of the room , empty bottle of liquor at he foot , a cigarette dangle from he lip . dirty , unshaven . the machine gun rest in he lap . he just stare . wait . fist pound against the door , . glass break . arm reach inside . he wait . a small band of hemocyte break through the front door . neville ready the machine gun , stand . calm . the terrifying creature move toward he . six , maybe eight . and he see the leader 's face ... ellen . skin translucent , body muscular , almost naked -- the wedding gown stripped away . her eye be icy , dead . Long claw extend from she fingertip . she smile at she husband ... ellen Robert ... neville raise the gun to he eye . take aim . ellen and the hemocytes be upon he . he look into she lifeless eye . hungry for he . I know you would come , ellen . I know . neville God forgive I . and he open FIRE . end flashback . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville scream as he come awake from he nightmare . he lash out at imaginary attacker . utterly terrify . Anna jump from she bed and try to calm he ... anna Robert ! it 's okay ! he flail , but she hold he . he lean into she , sobbing . anna it 's okay ... they both receive something from the embrace . a connection . a necessary thing . a simple human need for touch , for understanding . he look into she eye . she gently touch he face . they kiss . deeply , passionately . they make love with deep emotion , sensitivity , and passion . as if they be prove to each other and to themselves that they be still human , that they can steel feel . fade out . fade in : int . neville's house - kitchen - morning neville prepare breakfast for Anna . int . neville's house - bedroom - morning carry a tray , neville quietly enter and deliver breakfast - in - bed to she . sunlight stream in through the window -slit . she lean against he and he hold she . ext . neville's house - day neville and Anna walk the perimeter . hesitantly , she reach out and take he hand . anna would you ever leave here ? neville do not answer . he spot something entwine in the barb wire over the main gate . he let go she hand and climb up a series of ladder step nail into the wood on the interior of the gate post . he reach the top and pull out a piece of clothing ... a little boy 's blue parka . neville how would this get up here ? unseen by neville , Anna be freeze . her eye fix on the parka . Color drain from she face . neville drop to the ground and examine the dirty , tatter coat . neville must have be a bad wind last night . he turn to Anna , who be still fix on the parka . neville what 's wrong ? anna nothing . she smile and kiss he . anna let 's go inside . int . neville's house - bedroom - day in a series of dissolves , they make love all afternoon . dissolve to : ext . neville's house - rooftop - dusk neville stand in the crow 's nest , eye on the horizon . a vibrant red- and - purple sky . massive cloud . breathtake . neville exude a sense of peace . a beguile tranquility . anna's voice Robert ? he turn and see she . she wear a simple , pretty dress and a scarf around she neck . very feminine . ellen' . neville you look beautiful . anna dinner 's ready . she go to he and he hold she . have she be cry ? neville be you sad ? anna no. no. she kiss he . look at he dirty hand and clothes . anna you should wash up . her smile seem genuine . he obey and head downstairs . neville yes mar 'am . Anna hesitates . anna I will be right down . I just want to look at the sunset . neville smile and descend . when he be out of sight , Anna 's smile fade . she appear distraught , tear . she undoe the scarf and tie it high on the crow nest , like a flag . a signal . int . neville's house - kitchen - night the table be beautifully set and Anna have make dinner . romantic music in the background . she stand near the table , wait , as neville come from upstairs . he approach the tender domestic set . anna I hope it 's okay . I have not actually cook anything in god know how long . neville look wonderful . he kiss she . it take she a moment to fall into the embrace , the warmth . just as soon as she give in , she break off . smile and instruct neville ... anna sit. before it get cold . Anna return to the kitchen and carry a pitcher -- the blender , really - - to the table . she pour he a wine - glass full of what look like a fresh fruit shake . anna I look for wine ... neville not here . anna right , so I make a sort of virgin fruity thing ... he take a sip . neville it 's good . she smile and take she seat . they start to eat , both a little nervous . like a first date . Anna watch as neville take another drink , try the meal -- chicken and pasta . neville this be great , Anna . thank you . she pick at she food . he take she hand . neville I be sorry about what I do . when I bring you here . I feel I be do what be right . I want you to know , Anna , that I care . about you . anna I know . neville I would do anything for you . anna do not say that . please ... neville why ? I mean it . I would ... anna please , Robert , please ... beep -beep -beep . a sensor alarm . beep - beep -beep . neville rise from the table and head to the surveillance station . as he walk , he stomach cramp up , but he press on . when he look into the monitor , what he see shock he ... on the monitor , the hemocyte . hundred of they . cortman and he entire tribe . neville my god . Anna ... he wince in pain when he stomach cramp again . Anna do not move from the table . she just sit and watch he . neville Anna ! he 's very confuse by she behavior . his vision blur and for a moment , he 's dizzy , and then he remember . neville the light . he switch on the exterior compound light , but nothing happen . outside remain dark . neville Anna ! downstair . the generator ... something must be wrong with ... he take a step and fall to he knee . the pain be intolerable . he brace himself from fall over . his vision be cloudy , he speech start to slur ... neville what 's happen ? Anna slowly rise and come to he . he reach out for she , but she pass and move to the surveillance center where she unplugs the computer and security monitor . neville oh , Jesus , no . you can not do that ... he glance at the kitchen table . his nearly - empty glass . see hers be never fill . he look to Anna . she stand in the middle of the room , shiver with fear and shame . tear in she eye . neville feel completely betrayed . neville why ? Anna can not look at he . anna I be sorry . I be so sorry . and then he hear ... " neville ... ! " he crawl across the floor , make it to he foot , and pull himself up to one of the window / slit . a nightmare be what he see ... ext . compound - night numerous pole be place against the fence . hemocyte -- all mouth red with fresh blood -- prepare for a massive assault . cortman climb the first pole , stand atop the gate to the compound and address the troops ... cortman we have wait long enough . the hour be nigh . let we pay a visit to the Devil . christopher signal the drummer , who beat out the charge . eva howl to she warrior , who in turn emit a fierce battle cry . and cortman lead they over the side ... int . neville's house - live room - night neville fall to the floor . eye wide with fear . again , he manage to get to he foot , stumble to the staircase , and head upstairs . Anna follow ... anna Robert ! it 's over ! int . neville's house - bedroom - night Fighting exhaustion from whatever drug he 's be give , neville force himself to move . he stumble and slip , but succeed in open a cabinet near the balcony . he grab the flare gun , a case of flare and open the steel shutter . anna's voice no , Robert . he see she stand at the stair , a gun point at he . her hand be tremble , she face stain with tear . neville I assume if they want you to kill I , I would be dead already . he load the first flare . she wave the gun . anna please ! neville step onto the balcony and fire into the air . Anna can not bring herself to do any more . she lower the gun and cover she face in shame . on the balcony , neville load and fire flare after flare . the night sky become fill with phosphorescent orange light . he aim a few at the fence , and the final flare at the moat . ext . compound - night the moat erupt in flame , catch a few , but most have move beyond the moat , to the inner fence . cortman hiss and sneer , he gaze fix on he nemesis on the balcony . cortman neville ! the two antagonist lock eye . neville above , cortman below . Heaven and Hell . the gasoline fire burn , black smoke spiraling into the sky . the mass of hemocyte body swarm toward the house . the flare slowly sink to the earth , leave glow trail behind they . a surreal , hallucinatory , horrifying scene . int . neville's house - bedroom - night neville stumble inside and from the cabinet grab a shotgun , machine gun , and all the ammo he can carry . he load the shotgun and turn to Anna . for a brief , very brief moment , he ponder the act of kill she . then simply state ... neville get out of my way . she step aside and fall to she knee as he head downstairs . int . neville's house - live room - night neville fall down the last few step . for a moment , he lie there . sound of the hemocytes pounding , scratching , scraping at the outer shell of the house . neville 's eyelid be heavy . sleep . just let it come ... neville no ! use the machine gun as a crutch , he defiantly get to he foot and stand . eye shifting from one spot to the next as the sound direct he . the sound be intolerable ... finger . hand . arm . forcefully tear apart the house , reach inside . neville heft the machine gun in one hand , the shotgun in the other . neville come on ! and they come . the blood -fuele , rage - fill face of the hemocytes poke through the crumble wall , they sharp talon rip open the house like a birthday gift . neville open FIRE . merciless and unfeel . the last act of a desperate man . blood spray , but the hemocytes press on . most of they wound non - lethal , they crawl into the room like a swarm of insect . neville manage to drop a few , but the onslaught be endless , limitless . he push back , head downstairs ... int . neville's house - basement - night neville shut a trap door , sealing off the upstairs . he make it to the electrical control panel . they have be irrevocably sabotage . why , Anna ? why ? breathe heavily , he go to the door to the garage . he 's about to unbolt it , stop . listen ... scratch . scrape . voice on the other side ... " neville ... " they be in the garage . neville be trap . hemocytes to all side . the outcome be inevitable . he drop the machine gun . load one last round in the shotgun . kneel . put the barrel under he chin . reaches for the trigger ... and stop . remember . maybe there 's a way out . he move to the SMALL door lead to the crawlspace under the compound -- the series of tunnel . he have difficulty open it , so take the familiar all - in - one tool from he pocket and use it to jimmy open the latch . he manage to open it and stick the tool in he mouth to get it out of the way . he climb in and shut the hatch just as the hemocytes crash through from the garage . int . crawlspace - night pitch black . neville can not see he hand in front of he face . he slither toward a sliver of orange light at the end of the tunnel . he grasp the shotgun tight . he listen to the footstep of the hemocytes on the surface above he . they howl , screech , and cry . the incessant drumming in the distance ... dear god , make it stop . his eye grow weary , he finger lose they grip on the gun . pass out . like a protagonist in poe , he be virtually bury alive . just as he succumb to the effect of the drug , darkness turn to light . Orange light from the flare in the sky . neville sense what be come . someone have open the trap door . someone have find he hide place . neville 's eye open to see the face of he discoverer ... cortman . fade out . fade in : the following image have a distorted , hallucinatory feel : neville pull from he grave , by dozen of claw hand . the shotgun rip from he hand . his clothes tear from he body . spite - fill face . shout , cursing , spitting . screech with glee . barb wire pull from the fence , cut into he flesh . cortman 's talon teasing he throat . anna. surrounded by hemocytes . they pay she no heed . she walk among they untouched , unharme . neville 's face . a tight grimace . clearly he be in pain ... fade out . fade in : ext . compound - night we follow neville's face , first surround by earth , then hemocytes , then sky . it 's a disorient effect . we be not sure what 's happen to he , and then , we reveal ... neville lash to a thick , long wooden pole . bound with rope , strap of leather . and barb wire . he be virtually naked , he short afford he a minor degree of dignity . his entire body be lace with scratch . his face be batter and bruise . they ' have be have fun with he . the hemocytes gather at the base of the pole secure it to the ground . cortman and he lieutenant stand before the tribe , display they prey . showcase the defeat and capture of the Devil . neville open he eye . Orange , red , and yellow . the color flicker and dance across he face . sweat bead on he forehead from intense heat . cortman everything you hold so dear ... reveal neville's house . in flame . a black shell roaring like a furnace . the hemocytes watch it with awe . they lustily dance and scream with joy . cortman climb the pole until he can whisper into neville 's ear ... cortman what do it mean now ? anything ? neville turn away . cortman hold he head in place , force he to watch . cortman touch neville 's neck with a talon . cortman you life -- as you know it -- be over . cortman scratch neville 's neck with he talon . a thin line of blood begin to flow . cortman drink . neville tolerate the savage act -- no more no less . he stare at he home as it crumble into a fiery heap . ext . surrounding area - night the long pole , with neville at the end in the dirt , be drag through the street . the object of public humiliation . the hemocytes crowd around he , kick , laugh , spitting , occasionally scratch he with a claw . it 's a celebration for they . a time to rejoice . each bump on the terrain cause the barb wire to scrape across neville 's skin . he 's in agony , but he face remain tight , unemotional , betray nothing . give nothing . they move down the hill , onto the main road - - a brutal parade . ext . subway entrance - night the pole be move hand - by-hand along a staircase lead into the subway tunnel . as neville be pass along , he see dozen of hemocyte face . some laugh , some screeching with anger , other terrify to look at " it " , at the Devil . int . subway tunnel - night it 's dark down here , but moonlight filter in through crumble street , open sewer and transom , casting this netherworld in a odd purple glow . alien . cortman lead the parade down the track to a roundabout , a large open area where many track meet . it be multi-levelled , the " ground " , have be excavate to reveal old layer of the city . dormant relic of San Francisco 's past . it be here where cortman 's tribe life . this be " home . " they village . as neville be pull , drag , and throw into it , he sees more hemocyte here than ever come to he house . they huddle en masse , fearful of the captive demon . there be a decor to the underground hemocyte village , a style , a sense of culture . the graffiti be more than tribal marking . it exhibit a passion , a unique sensibility . Art . the dwelling space , the clothing , the makeshift " architecture " -- there be something develop here . not human , not what we once regard as human , but something cultural . a new development . artistically , aesthetically . Revolutionary . evolutionary . in the center of the roundabout , in a circular forum ( the " town square " ) , neville and the pole be raise and present to the people of the village . the hemocytes gather around neville , hundred of they . chant , drum , screeching , hiss . all eye on the demon before they . cortman take he place at what must be the leader 's post , a pedestal / throne on which he stand and address the assemble . he raise he arm and the hemocytes give he quiet . cortman raise a finger and point at neville . cortman behold the Beast . no longer mighty . no longer unconquerable no longer a icon of fear . no longer a spirit to haunt the mind and soul of we child . ( to the woman ) bring they . let they see this neville now . the crowd part and the women bring forth something neville never imagine ... hemocyte child . offspre . dozen of they . two and three year old . the mother hold the newborn and toddler in they arm . High atop the pole , neville can not believe it . his expression be a mixture of sadness , terror , and guilt . Children ! cortman look at they neville . how many of they father have you kill ? they mother ? how many family do you destroy ? the child look at he with fear and revulsion . cortman how arrogant you be . arrogant in you righteousness . to be so convinced that : you be do God 's work , that you be he avenge angel . the defender of faith . a faith in humanity . but what become of humanity , neville ? it be strike down . smote by God . but you . you cling to the belief that we be the abomination . do it ever enter you mind , do you ever consider ... that we be the choose ? that we be the future ? cortman lift one of the child into he arm . cortman you be a illusion , neville . you mean nothing . cortman raise he hand . a talon emerge from he fingertip . he make a delicate CUT in neville 's ankle and catch the flow blood in the palm of he hand . form a " cup , " he bring he hand to the lip of the child in he arm . cortman drink , son . the child 's lip touch the blood . cortman lower the boy to the ground and he scamper off to join he friend . cortman do not be frighten of they , neville . look beyond you own idea and see they beauty . they soul . the hemocyte child stare at the " monster . " neville find himself draw to they face . odd and ghoulish , yes , but possess the innocence of all child . cortman signal to a group of warrior who throw long rope into the rafter of the roundabout . near the ceiling , other warrior catch the line , loop they over steel beam and slip they back to they counterpart at ground level . this warrior tie one end of the rope to the top of the pole . as they work , eva shove anna into the circle . kick she until she 's kneel at cortman 's foot . he cup she chin in he hand and , as if to kiss she , lift she to he face . cortman such a pretty thing . ( to neville ) do she play the temptress well ? do she neville ? be you seduce ? Anna violently break away from he . anna ( spitefully ) where 's ethan ? cortman ethan ? anna where be he ? cortman signal to a hemocyte nurse who enter a dwelling space and return carry a SMALL boy in she arm . he be pale and thin , but not from infection . the boy -- ethan -- be barely conscious , needle mark line he bony arm and leg . Anna run to the nurse and take the boy into she arm , clutching he to she breast with love and desperation . anna hey , baby brother . he muster a smile for she , then drift back to slumber . Anna examine the mark on he arm , turn to cortman ... anna you say you would stop ! cortman when you return , yes . ( be neville ) when he be defeat , yes . atop the pole , neville watch the scene play in front of he . his eye stay fix on Anna , on ethan . anna well there he be ! I do what you ask ! cortman and now you wish to go . anna that be the bargain . cortman where will you go , Anna ? what will you find ? ( be neville ) more like he ? pathetic reminder of the past ? lead paranoid , delusional life ? stay . you serve a purpose here . you have be treat well . anna well ? treated well ? she attempt to exit the circle , but every way she turn , she path be block by hemocytes . she pull ethan tight , try to force she way past they , but the hemocytes sneer and laugh . the nurse grab ethan from she and she scream ... anna noooooo !!!!!!!!! she lunge for he , but eva come up from behind and stop Anna with a immobilize hold . Anna bellow at cortman ... anna you promised ! cortman silly thing . we need you here . we need you to breed . Anna scream as Eva force she to the ground and bind she arm and ankle with leather strap . Anna fight she with fury , but Eva be too strong a opponent . once Anna be bound , Eva heft she and carry up a staircase to a higher level of the multi-tier village . the nurse follow with ethan . simultaneously , neville be lifted into the air as the hemocyte Warrior pull on the rope . they purpose be to raise he above the village , for all to view . a live totem . as neville ascend , he can see the cavernous room into which the hemocytes take Anna and she little brother . reveal the room it be fill with filthy bed . lit by candle . Inside , the hemocyte nurse tend to the room 's inhabitant ... dozen of human . the elderly and infirm , on one side , youngster on the other . the child invoke the most empathy . anywhere from three to twelve in year , they lie bound . i.v.s of morphine or sedative feed into they arm . some of the nurse feed the captive a horrible gruel while other draw blood . collect it from open wound , pour it into large bowl and dish . neville 's eye be fill with shock , anger , and sadness . food . he lock at cortman with disgust . ascend a staircase as neville be lift higher into the air , cortman explain to he prize ... cortman savagery give way to civilization . it 's a necessary step for we . fewer of you kind remain and if we feast on each other , or other like we -- we can not survive . for a race to thrive it must not cannibalize itself . therefore , we raise we sustenance . nurture it , let it grow . allow it to multiply . neville want to berate cortman , but he lip be seal . his mouth remain tight . cortman no harsh word , neville ? no condemnation ? I be disappointed . in the cavernous room , Anna be bound to a rusty cot . ethan to a small bed . both be quickly narcotize . subdued . neville hang he head in despair as he body be lift into the rafter . the hemocytes below secure the rope to the ground . neville hang above the village . for all to see . no possible mean of escape . cortman stand on a ledge high above the village , address the throng , and point to neville . cortman here he be and here he will stay . cortman leap into the air and grab hold of a pipe near the pole . hanging with one hand , he extend the other , allow he talon to extend , and slashes the sole of neville 's foot . neville grimace in pain , but will not allow cortman the pleasure of a scream . blood begin to flow and drip from neville 's sole . the crimson drop fall ... onto the tongue , into the mouth of the hemocytes below . like child catch the first snowflake of winter . cortman drink child ! drink the blood of the fall ! Eva lead the hemocytes in a screech of support . Far below , not join in the bacchanalia , be the leader of the hemocyte cleric , christopher . his eye be on neville . do he betray a note of sympathy ? he look away and signal the drummer to take up a victorious rhythm . dangle above he enemy -- now he captor -- neville 's chin drop to he chest . from the battle , the beat , the humiliation , the defeat - - he be beyond weary . his eyelid droop , he jaw relax . he catch himself and grind he tooth together , keep he mouth close tight . why ? he have not say a word since the fight at the house . why ? int . subterranean village morning well , yes , it be " morning " , but there 's no way to tell down here , aside from a few pinhole of early morning light peeping through a crack or crevice on the surface . on the various layer of the community , we find the hemocytes exhaust . from fight , from celebration , from feast . they prepare for sleep , huddle together like pup . High above they , strapped to the pole , neville gently swing , the rope creak . he 's fight to stay awake . above he on the catwalk of pipe , ventilation duct , steel girder , and old electrical cable , appear christopher . he appear calm and serene -- not a threat . he approach neville until he 's only a few foot away , eye - to -eye . christopher you do not remember I , do you ? neville do not know what the hell he 's talk about . christopher I be a student of yours . at the University . neville be stunne . assess the man 's face . tries to imagine what he look like before infection . christopher Christopher collier . I be a theology major . I minore in history -- I take you class on ancient conflict . as a seminarian , I appreciate you focus on moral issue in war . what will they make of this , Professor ? the historian of the future ? how will they see the event of today ? a victory or defeat ? you do not care to comment ? you be always quite eloquent in you opinion . neville look in the direction of the room contain the human . Christopher follow he gaze , comment ... christopher " in every war , in every great struggle , we see the sacrifice of innocent . be they life worth it ? if thousand will live , should we allow a handful to die ? " you word , Professor , not mine . you question . if I recall , you never provide we a answer . he turn back to neville . christopher I be never ordain . as a priest : . but I have a flock . a barbaric one , yes , but we be unify , we be strong . do it surprise you to see we as such ? as something more than monster ? neville remain quiet . Christopher reach into he clothes and use a damp rag to wash neville 's wound . christopher some of we be not without compassion . some of we see cortman 's pursuit of you defeat a pointless , selfish obsession . he want you keep alive . he always want you like this , do not you see ? he want a trophy . a live symbol of he strength . he will bleed you , feed from you , have you father more like yourself . he lift a container of gruel . bring a spoonful to he lip , but neville refuse to eat . christopher you be behave like a child . Christopher try to force feed he , but neville spit out the food and snarl at Christopher . christopher Fine ... have it you way . soon , you will be begging for my kindness . he depart down a staircase to the village . close on neville's face he wait until Christopher be go . look below and see the hemocytes sleep . and he open he mouth , revealing ... the all - in- one tool . his tongue and inner cheek be scratch and bleed , but he manage to keep it safe . all this time . very carefully , he push it out onto he lip with he tongue then clenches it tight in he tooth . he maneuver he hand through he bond and extend he finger ... he only have one chance . take a deep breath and spit out the tool . it fall ... nearly slip from he finger , but he snare it between he second and third finger . twist it around until it 's safe in he palm . by touch he find the serrate edge and go to work on he bond . int . subterranean village - two hour later - day the hemocytes be fast asleep . communal slumber appear to be part of they regimen . the rafter sweat drip from he brow , neville work diligently . his right hand already free , he release the leave . use the bond around he waist as a fulcrum , he lean over stretch he back as far as it can go , and cut through the rope around he leg and ankle . the serrate edge of the all - in - one tool be almost smooth from wear . neville clenches it between he tooth and proceed to wriggle out of the remain bond and barb wire , cause the pole to sway ... below , where the pole be secure to the ground , the rope start to creak . a doze hemocyte sniff the air , then return to sleep . above , neville grip a overhead pipe and pull himself up , out of bondage . the rope burn he skin and the barb wire bite , but he make it up , into the rafter . lying atop a ventilation duct , he relax and breathes deeply . he peer over the side and look below . everyone asleep . his eye stop on the cavernous chamber where the human be keep . where Anna be keep . he roll away and slither along the duct , away from the village . must be quiet . absolutely quiet . he move onto a thick roll of electrical cable and ... almost fall ! he grab a cable and pull himself up to safety . crawl on he hand and knee , he move toward a entrance to a subway tunnel . almost there ... and he slip . neville brace himself , but must use one of he wounded feet to do so . he howl in silent pain . and the tool fall from he mouth . it sail down . we follow it as it land inch away from the face of a hemocyte child . the little creature 's eye OPEN and find the odd piece of metal . in the rafter , neville know he must move quickly . he follow the cable , then drop to a concrete ledge . although the soul of he foot be tender from the cut , he must stand , he must walk . he take a few genteel step , then overcome the pain and head for the tunnel . he stop when he sees the hemocyte child before he . just stare at he . she be afraid , yes , but she curiosity supersede fear . the little hemocyte girl cock she head and she eye find a open cut on neville 's torso . the blood . like a father with a glass of warm milk , he dip a finger into the blood and offer it to the girl . she cautiously , hesitantly lick it up and of all thing , smile at neville . he look at the girl 's face . the innocence in she smile , the simplicity , the naturalness of she act . she 's hungry . neville gently touch she head . neville ( whisper ) go back to sleep , sweetheart . she obey . neville watch as she return to she flock . int . subway tunnel - day weak , batter , filthy , and barely clothed , neville force himself down the tunnel . a few ray of light poke through from the surface , but they be grey and misty . water drip through the ceiling of the tunnel -- it must be raining . ext . CITY STREET - day a torrential downpour . in the middle of the water - slicked street , the ventilation grate to a subway shaft be punch up and out . neville crawl out to the surface and lie on he back , allow the rain to wash over he . freedom . ext compound - day the sky be fill with thundercloud . rain turn the earth into a blanket of mud . neville plod through the muck , cold and wet , until he arrive at the site of he house . stop when he see what little remain ... a black shell . Foundation and framework . charre and crumble . debris , ash , and cinder litter the area . the rain create a hiss cloud of steam and smoke . neville sloshes through the mud and shift through debris , find char reminder of the past three year -- the book , he painting , CD , the exhaustive videotape . now all a melt mass of paper , plastic , and metal . he find a pair of shoe and joyously cover he scar , throbbing foot . nearby , in a pile of cinder , be the frame for the photo of he wife and child . the glass crack , the frame scorched , the picture itself burn away . he move down , into the foundation , into the basement . most of the weapon be twisted and burn , a few be functional . he take essential -- two handgun and a mini machine gun . search for usable ammunition and thankfully find a locker full untouched by fire . in a pile of ash , he discover the combat knife and ankle sheath . in the garage , he find shelter from the rain . the land Rover be a junk heap , horribly wreck by fall timber . he find a long pipe and use it as a crowbar to open the trunk . Inside be a pair of coverall and , unscathed , a emergency kit . he slip into the coverall , open the kit , and check he supplies -- freeze-dry food , a tool kit , medical supplies , a flashlight , and battery . it 's enough . enough to start over . he check the sport car -- wreck . next , the motorcycle . thanks to the lucky placement of a fall sheet of corrugate steel , it survive . he toss off the metal and pull out the bike . it 's smoke - damage , scorched , and a few of the hose be melt , but it will work . he can get it to work . ext . compound - day - a hour later the rain still batter the earth 's surface . thunder and lightning come in from the Pacific . neville have fashioned a pair off makeshift saddlebags and a gun rack on the bike . he climb aboard the motorcycle and try to start it . no go the first time , but the second ... the bike 's engine roar to life . he check the gas gauge - - a full tank . enough to get he ... where ? where Bob ? who know ? he plow through the mud ... ext . street of san francisco - various - day the bike speed through the abandon metropolis . neville 's eye be straight ahead . no look back . ext . golden gate bridge - day neville reach the entrance to the bridge and pull off onto a promontory -- where tourist use to stop and take picture . he come to a stop , but keep the engine run . he look down the length of the bridge , at the ocean , back at the city . his eye find the lighthouse where he set free the dog . the tugboat at the end of the pier . the ocean be rough , wave break on the shoreline . STORM cloud gather in number and force . rain pound down on he . neville assess it all . everything . past , present , future . and know what he must do . ext . abandoned chemical plant - day somewhere in a industrial section of the city . int . chemical plant - day neville walk down a aisle , machine gun in hand , flashlight search the large bin to he leave and right . into three plastic container , he fill phosphor , sulfur , and magnesium . ext . construction supply yard - day virtually pick clean . int . construction supply yard - day neville break into a small office . search until he find pipe , blasting cap and demolition explosive . int . subway switching yard - day a elephant 's graveyard of subway train . above , rain pour through the crack and break skylight . int . switching yard - control room - day in what use to be the " nerve center " for the city 's Underground transit system , neville scrutinize a series of map , all detail the route and layout of the subway system . to he right be a manual , flip open to a page read " emergency power supplies --start-up procedure . " int . switching yard - generator room - day neville prime line , check circuit , hit igniter . he reach the final switch , say a prayer , and throws it ... the yard light up like a christmas tree . int . subway train - day neville sit in the motorman 's compartment , read another manual , munch on freeze-dry food . he start up the engine and miraculously , the motor come to life . int . switching yard - day the lead car , towing three passenger car , pull onto the main track and come to a stop . int . switching yard - control room - dusk like a kid with he first model train set , neville check the map and plot a course on the " big board " detail the line throughout the city . he throw a series of switch and the SOUND of rail and track be put in place reverberate throughout the tunnel and yard . int . subway train in the lead car , neville mix the chemicals into the pipe and attaches the blast cap . once a half dozen pine bomb be complete , he check and load each of he gun . int . switching yard neville step into the yard and look up , through the skylight ... night . they will be awake . and angry . int . subway train - night neville climb into the motorman 's compartment and lay out a map of the tunnel system . a course plotted . he look into the tunnel before he ... into the belly of the beast . int . subway tunnel - night the train groans down the track . rusting , creak , it start to breathe , remember the rhythm of the rail ... int . subway train - night a look of grim determination on he face , neville accelerate , further into the tunnel . int . hemocyte village - night the empty pole be lower into the center of the village . a furious cortman bellow order to Eva and she warrior ... cortman find he ! a strange SOUND - everyone hear it . a screeching . a rumbling . the wall of the village shake . Children run frighten to the shelter of they mother ' arm . int . village - cavernous room - night strapped down , in a weaken state , anna hear the SOUND , too . it 's a familiar sound . no , it could not be ... int . subway tunnel - night the train roar down the track . int . subway train - night neville at the control , push the machine forward . int . hemocyte village - night Eva and a few Warrior run to the center track . she press she ear to the rail and cannot believe what she hear . she look to cortman with astonishment ... he know what 's come ... cortman neville . int . subway train - night neville peer through the motorman 's window . there 's the village , dead ahead . he hit the brake ... int . hemocyte village - night the train burst through a pile of debris , flatten a few hemocyte warrior and screech to a stop . thirty , fifty descend upon the lead car . a passenger door hiss open and out step neville . and he machine gun . he open FIRE , cut through the attacker . he heave the first pipe bomb ... it explode with white light . not a damaging blast , but the chemicals burn with a white hot intensity . he throw another , and another , and another . soon the center area be bath in a brilliant glow . the light blind the hemocytes . they screech and run for cover . more significantly , the sight of neville terrify they . for many of they , it 's as if the Devil have be resurrected and he 's come for retribution . mother lead child into the rafter , nurse and cleric pray and flee . cortman no ! no ! Eva and the Warrior will fight . if they could only see . blindly , they move toward the train . neville toss a bomb at the base of the stair , clear a path . he grab two bomb and run , fire the machine gun only when necessary . he throw a tackle into a hemocyte warrior , use the butt of the gun on another , and make it up the stair . int . cavernous room - night neville burst into the space , brandish he weapon . it 's nurse and cleric in here , and they be petrify . they hiss and screech , but they be not the fight type . neville search bed after bed . Children . old man , wrinkle woman . glassy - eye , empty face . and then he find Anna . he kneel beside she bed and rip out the i.v . not completely drugge , she sad eye find he and search for compassion , for understanding . neville pull out the combat knife ... ... and hurriedly cut through she bond . neville can you walk ? anna I think so ... he hand she a gun . neville take this . neville frees she brother . Anna take ethan in she arn and hug he dearly . neville frees another child , and another . they be somewhat conscious and stumble to they foot . neville we have to go . man' voice neville . neville turn , ready with the machine gun ... it 's Christopher . neville hesitates . finger on the trigger ... christopher take the child . the other be too weak . you will never make it . talon emerge from Christopher 's fingertip . and he slice the bond of another child . neville lower the gun . christopher we shall have to find another way . neville , Anna , and Christopher free the child . about a dozen in total . hemocyte warrior appear at the door . neville see they and roll a pipe bomb right at they . it explode , send they fly and flame into the air . the room catch FIRE . neville lift a weak child into he arm and head for the stair . Anna urge the child to follow . int . hemocyte village - night the area be still bath in phosphorescent glow . neville throws another bomb , again clear a path . he and Anna usher the child past blind hemocyte into the train . int . subway train - night neville and Anna lie the child on passenger seat in the second and third car . when neville open the door to the third , he come face - to- face with a hemocyte warrior . although unable to see , the creature fiercely latch onto neville . the child shriek . the machine gun fall from neville 's grasp and he struggle to reach a handgun in he belt . the hemocyte raise he talon ... blam ! Anna fell he with a single shot to the heart . neville push the body out of the train and seal the door . as Anna secure the child , neville run to the motorman 's booth . as the glow from the bomb diminish , hemocytes storm the train . as they angry fist pound against the window , neville get the train the hell out of there . int . hemocyte village - night a FIRE rage in the cavernous room . Christopher and a few other manage to flee ... the hemocyte child huddle in the dark , terrify by the nightmare , hide from the bogeyman . int . subway tunnel - night the train roar away from the village . int . subway train - night Anna make she way to neville and , weak , collapse . he catch she and sit she on a bench . neville how do you feel ? anna I will be fine . neville ( be the child ) be they okay ? she nod . anna they think it 's a dream . he smile . returns to the motorman 's station . anna Robert ? he turn to she . anna thank you . int . subway tunnel - night as the train rush down the tunnel , reveal cortman . on the roof of the lead car . eva and a muscular warrior atop the passenger car . int . subway train - night we hear a window shatter and the scream of child . neville and Anna react . he grab the machine gun , load a fresh clip and position Anna at the control . neville just keep you foot here , you hand on this . let the train do the rest . follow neville as he move into the rear car . stand there be the muscular warrior . the child huddle in fear in a far corner . the muscular hemocyte run toward neville . neville shoot , but this guy be big and rush on blood . he keep come . neville call to the child ... neville get in the next car , the next car ! the child move to car no . 2 . neville empty the clip , but the hemocyte grin and move in for the kill . neville pull out the last pipe bomb and lob it at the hemocyte ... neville say good - bye . neville dive . the bomb explode inch in front of the muscular hemocyte , ignite he and the car in bright white FIRE . in the second car , neville attempt to calm and quiet the distraught child , but when he hear glass crash and anna scream , he tell they ... neville stay here . do not move . in the lead car , neville find eva cradling ethan in she arm . cortman hold a struggle anna from behind , he talon at she throat . although still move damn fast , with no one at the control , the train be lose speed . neville raise the machine gun , but cortman can only sneer ... cortman put that wretch thing down . cortman 's talon press into Anna 's flesh . neville lower the weapon . cortman gesture to the smashed open window . cortman lose it . neville comply and throw the machine gun away . cortman on you knee . neville no . cortman on you knee , neville , and beg for she life . do it , or she will watch she brother die quite painfully . Eva hiss . neville look at cortman with contempt . what 's that ? just past cortman and Anna , over they shoulder , through the front window of the train ... be it ...? Light at the end of the tunnel . neville go to one knee . cortman do it . neville drop to the other . neville cortman ? do you pray ? cortman pray ? neville if you do not , I would start . neville go to floor and brace himself . cortman turn ... through the front window , he sees . a thick metal door . ext . beach - night the train crash out of the tunnel , through the barrier , off the track , into the sand , where it topple on its side , int . subway train - night neville , Anna , cortman , Eva , the Children - - all throw out like rag doll . a seat become unhinged and smack neville in the skull and he drop . ext . beach - night the lead car slide to a stop about ten foot into the ocean 's edge . wave crash against its hull . rain pummel the beach . thunder and lightning fill the raging sky . int . subway train - night Chaos . Children cry , smashed glass , twisted metal . the boy ethan get he bearing and search the car for he sister . Anna be near the front of the car , crawl away from a apparently unconscious cortman - - he leg pinned under smashed and twisted metal . also knock out be neville . the lead car be sink into the sand . water rush in and the car 's flooding . ethan move to he sister , but the way be blocked by a batter , bloody eva . she hiss at the boy . anna ethan ! run ! run and hide ! the boy know to listen . he crawl through to the beach . Eva lunge for he , but a bullet rip through she shoulder . anna hey bitch ! Eva spin to see Anna point a gun at she . anna leave my little brother alone . Anna fire , unload every bullet into Eva 's chest . Eva try to press on , but the wound be too severe . she drop to she knee . her flesh try to repair itself , but too much blood be lose and there 's too much damage to the heart . she hiss and die . Anna hurry to neville . she shake he ... anna Robert ! neville be out cold . anna I need you ! neville 's eye open . she start to help he to he foot when a wave crash into the lead car and it sink deeper into the sand . Anna slide down the aisle , into the water . he reach , but she 's go . use the seat as a " ladder , " Anna pull herself out of the water . she 's nearly clear when ... cortman grab her ankle . Anna scream . cortman emerge from the water and draw a deep breath . Anna struggle , but cortman 's grasp be tight . neville find he combat knife , slide to they . he slashes cortman 's arm , virtually sever it at the wrist . Anna frees herself . neville pull she out of the car ... ext . beach - night the lead car sink deeper . water fill the interior . on the sand , neville and Anna get to they foot and see the rest of the child in the second car , water on one side , FIRE -- from the burn third car - - on the other . he and Anna run to the car and help the panicked , cry child from the wreckage . neville lift a helpless child into he arm and nod in the direction of the tugboat . neville take they to the boat ! int . subway train - night in the lead car , cortman be drown . his hand dangle and blood form a cloud in the rush water . he spy eva' body down the aisle . he look at she dead eye . the pool of blood around she . cortman close he eye ... and will the blood to he . it creep down the floor , along the wall , to he talon . he lift the crimson to he lip and drink . ext . beach - night the rain be incessant . the child cover at the thunder and lightning . Anna and neville lead they down the pier , to the tugboat . two more child - - too weak to walk -- remain at the train wreck and neville return for they . Anna scan the face of the other , search for ... anna ethan ? int . subway train - night underwater , cortman hold he hand to its split-open wrist . the hand fuse to its former limb . muscle bulg from the feed , cortman lift the twisted metal and frees he leg from the wreckage . eye open wide , glow with hate , he swim through the crack open windshield , into the ocean . ext . beach - pier - night neville return to the boat with the last two child . a panicked Anna meet he , anna I can not find ethan ! neville scan the beach and call out ... neville e-than ! a flash of lightning illuminate the lighthouse and neville sees the boy in the window , hide . neville he 's in the lighthouse . you stay . ( be the child ) watch they . I will be right back . I promise . he give she the last gun and run to the lighthouse . int . lighthouse - night neville climb up the creak staircase . ethan spot he and run away , up the stair . neville no! ethan ! wait ! ext . lighthouse - night neville emerge from a maintenance door and step onto the catwalk surround the pinnacle . atop the dome of the lighthouse , paint into the sky , be a lightning rod . neville see it , keep low , and call out .. neville ethan ! thunder and lightning . follow by a child 's whimper . neville move to it and find ethan cower in a fetal position . he cautiously kneel , gently extend he hand ... neville please , ethan , come with I . with tear - fill eye , the boy look to neville . neville I will not let anyone hurt you . ethan slowly extend he hand . neville take it , smile , and lift the boy into he arm . he stand . when he turn , he find ... cortman wait for he . dripping wet , pump up , eye gleam , tooth bare . cortman hello Robert . talon emerge from he finger . cortman by now , we should use first name , do not you think ? I be ben. neville step back , away from cortman , who calmly advance , the two man move around the circular catwalk . cortman you be very resilient , I will give you that . neville continue to back off , cortman close in ... cortman should not you simply give in ? join the rest of they ? die ? neville glance to he leave and see what he want -- the maintenance hatch . he quickly lower ethan and instruct ... neville go to the boat ! go to Anna ! the boy do as tell and run down the stair . brandish the combat knife , neville turn to cortman . cortman you be sentimental . a weakness . the two man face off . cortman make the first move . slashes at neville 's chest , rip through the coverall and scrape he flesh . neville lunge with the knife , but cortman be swift and easily step aside . he laugh . cortman you will have to do better . ext . beach - pier - night ethan run into Anna 's arm . she look up at the lighthouse . anna ROBERT ! ext . lighthouse - catwalk - night neville look down at the boat , at Anna . shout to she ... neville go , anna ! go now ! cortman how noble . cortman slashes . neville duck and crawl away . cortman show some dignity . neville thrust with the knife . cortman block and the knife fall over the side , into the sea . cortman laugh . pull in he talon and proceed to pummel neville with he fist . neville can barely defend himself . he fall and pull himself up . neville appear hopelessly doom to defeat . cortman extend he talon and move in ... like a cat , neville scurries up the lighthouse dome . it 's slippery , but he make it to the very top , cling to the lightning rod . cortman please , Robert . where do you think you be go ? neville I do not know , Ben ... neville stand and leans against the rod , use he weight to SNAP it free from its moor . neville but you can go to hell . with the lightning rod extend like a spear , neville slide down the dome and drive it straight into cortman' heart . cortman howl with pain . his chest burst with crimson . blood gurgle from he throat and all he can mutter be ... cortman no ...!!!!!!!!!!!! lightning flash in the sky . in a split second , neville jump into the hatch . like the Hand of God , a bolt of lightning slashes across the night sky and touch the spike of metal in cortman 's chest . the top of the lighthouse - - and cortman -- explode in a burst of white SPARKS . cortman 's scream echoes . his scorched body fall into the ocean . ext . beach - night Anna wait at the boat . neville run across the sand . although weak , he face be fill with joy . she wait . Anna wait . at this moment in time , he be happy . it 's all behind . you can move forward . he stop dead when he sees ... a pack of wild hemocyte dog . wait . six vicious creature . growling . hungry . they circle neville , wait for the precise moment to move in for the kill . a harsh bark stop they . another dog run from the forest and climb atop a large rock . the leader . neville 's dog . the other dog back off , intimidate . neville 's dog run across the sand , barking at he subordinate . tail between they leg , the other break into the forest . neville 's dog -- proud and strong -- approach he former master . a look of recognition and understanding pass between they . the dog look to the boat , turn to neville . his eye . there 's still something in the eye . the dog gently bark and step aside , allow neville entry to the pier . neville walk on , break into a run , and fall into Anna 's arm . the dog observe , mournfully howl and return to the forest . int . boat - night the Children sit huddle under blanket , cling to each other for warmth . neville look at they . the next generation . he start the engine . the storm be subside , the sea calm beyond the breaker . Anna hold he and lean she head on he shoulder . anna where be we go ? neville do not have a answer . he just go forward . he move the boat forward . ext . ocean - dawn the tugboat pass under the Golden Gate Bridge . neville be oblivious to the physical pain in he body . there 's energy come from he , a sense of purpose . neville ( v.o. ) " Hell be oneself , Hell be alone , the other figure in it merely projection . there be nothing to escape from and nothing to escape to . one be always alone . " ( pause ) t.s. eliot write that , and just yesterday , I might have agree with he . but I do not feel alone . not now . I be not escape , I be change . I be no longer trap . not by cortman , not by I . I have hope . ( pause ) I be bear in Des Moines , Iowa in 1960 . I have a wife ellen and a daughter Grace . my name be Robert neville . I be legend . he pull Anna close and drink in the sky . the morning sun break through the cloud and light a path to the future . fade out .