the chronicle of narnia the lion , the witch and the wardrobe screenplay by Ann peacock base on the novel by C.S. Lewis transcribe by Stuart C bombing london random german ejaculation mrs . pevensie Edmund get away from there ! what do you think you be do ?! Peter ! peter ( grab Edmund ) come on ! to the shelter , now ! susan ( grab thing from next to she bed with a flashlight , notice Lucy in bed ) Lucy , come on ! Lucy ! pevensy be run to the shelter , we hear they shouting , hurry up ! and run ! Edmund turn around , as if forget something . edmund wait , dad ! run inside , grab picture get blow against the wall peter come on idiot ( throw Edmund onto the ground and start shouting ) why do you always have to be so selfish ! you only think about yourself . why can not you ever do as you be tell ! Peter slam the shelter door train station ... announcer attention , would all parent ensure that they parent have the appropriate identification papers . mrs . pevensie you warm enough ? now honey you have to keep this on you . be sure and keep this on . edmund if dad be here , the war would be over , and we would not have to go peter if dad be not fight and the war be over we would not have to go . mrs . pevensie you will listen to you brother , will not you Edmund ? mrs . pevensie look after the other peter I will mum mrs . pevensie you be a big girl now Susan , mrs . pevensie there now ... off you go . peter come on , we have get to stay together now . everything 's go to be okay susan Peter ! ( Susan snatch papers ) edmund I know how to get on a train peter bye Mom , we will miss you mrs . pevensie good - bye my darling middle of nowhere susan the Professor know we be come ? edmund perhaps we have be incorrectly label ? peter Mrs. macready ? mrs . macready I be afraid so . be that it then ? have not you bring anything else ? peter no , mar 'am . it 's just we . mrs . macready small favour . in the house while drive the horse over the lawn , some comment like giddy up , good girl mrs . macready the professor be unaccustom to have child in he house , and as such , there be a few rule we need to follow . there will be no shouting ' or run ' , no improper use of the dumbwaiter , no touch of the historical artifact and above all , there shall be no disturbing ' of the Professor . radio - man german aircraft carry out several attack on great Britain last night lucy the sheet feel scratchy susan Wars do not last forever , Lucy . we will be home soon . edmund if home 's still there . susan be not time you be in bed ? edmund yes , Mom ! peter ed ! to Lucy you see the outside . this place be huge . we will be able to do whatever we want . tomorrow 's go to be great . really . * boring * rain patter on window susan gas-tro-vas-cu-lar . come on , Peter gas-tro-vas - cu-lar peter be it Latin ? susan yes ... edmund be it Latin for worst game ever invent ? lucy we could play hide - and - seek peter but we be already have so much fun ! lucy please , please , please . peter one...two...three ...four ... edmund ( push Lucy ) get out ! I be here first ! Lucy find wardrobe with Peter count in the background . peter eight four , eighty five ... lucy in wardrobe / narnia lucy ( gasp ) look behind and find narnia . tumnus show up lucy and tumnus aaauuugggghhhhh !!! tumnus ( slowly walk out as Lucy pick up package ) uh , ch ... gk , ch ( random noise ) lucy be you hide from I ? tumnus huh , um , n..n.. no , i..i ... I do not want to scare you , lucy if you do not mind my ask ... what be you ? tumnus why , I be a faun ! and you must be some beardless dwarf ? lucy I be not a dwarf , I be a girl ! and actually I be tallest in my class . tumnus but you be say , you be a daughter of Eve ? lucy well , my mum 's name be helen ... tumnus yes , but you be , in fact , human . lucy of course . tumnus what be you do here ? lucy well , I come in through the wardrobe in the spare room , and - tumnus spare oom , be that in narnia ? lucy narnia ? what 's that ? tumnus my dear girl , you be in it ! everything from the lamp post , all the way to castle cair paravel on the Eastern Sea , every stick and stone , every icicle , be narnia , lucy this be a awfully big wardrobe tumnus I be sorry , please allow I to introduce myself , my name be tumnus lucy glad to meet you , Mr. tumnus ! * extend hand * I be Lucy pevensie . oh , you shake it ! tumnus why ? lucy I - I do not know ! people do it when they meet each other . tumnus Lucy pevensie , from the shine city of War drobe in the far land of spare oom , how would it be if you come and have tea with I ? lucy oh ! well , thank you very much ! but I probably should be get back ... tumnus oh , come on ! it 's not every day I get to make a new friend ! and there 's a ... roaring fire ! and toast and cake ! and maybe ... we will even break into the sardine . lucy well , maybe for just a little while ... if you have ... sardine . tumnus by the bucket load , tumnus come along . in tumnus ' house lucy can I help you with that ? tumnus why thank you ! Lucy look at the picture . tumnus oh ... that be my father . lucy he have a nice face . you look just like he . tumnus no , be not alike at all really . lucy my father be fight in the war . tumnus my father go away to war too ... but that be a very long time ago ... before this dreadful winter . lucy Winter be not all bad . there 's ice skate and snow ball fight . oh! and Christmas ! tumnus we have not have Christmas in a hundred year here . lucy ( shocked ) no present for a hundred year ? tumnus but , oh , you would have love narnia in spring ! the dryad and the faun would dance all night ... but we never get tired . and oh , the music ! such music . would you ... like to hear some now ? lucy yes please tumnus ( get flute out ) now , be you familiar with the narnia lullaby ? lucy ( shake she head ) : no , I be afraid I be not tumnus good , because this probably will not sound anything like one . lucy oh I must go tumnus it 's too late for that now I be such a bad faun lucy no . you be the nicest faun I have ever meet . tumnus then I be afraid you have have a very poor sampling . lucy I be sure you be very sorry , and you will never do it again . tumnus it 's not something I have do , Lucy pevensie . it 's something I be do . lucy what be you do ? tumnus I be kidnap you . it 's the White witch , the one that make it always winter , and never Christmas . she tell I that I if I ever be to come across a son of Adam or a daughter of Eve , I be suppose to turn it over to she ! lucy but I think you be my friend tumnus and lucy outside / return to england tumnus we must move quietly the wood be full of she spy , even some of the tree be on she side lucy I think so . ( tumnus start to return she handkerchief , but she give it back ) keep it , you need it more than I do . tumnus laugh , and touch Lucy 's nose ... mr. tumnus go ... come on , go ! Lucy run off , and Mr. tumnus return to he home Lucy head for the wardrobe back in england peter 98 , 99 , 100 ... ready or not here I come . lucy I be back , I be back , it 's alright , edmund shhh , he 's come . peter you know , I be not sure if you two have quite get the idea of this game ! lucy but be not you wonder where I be ? edmund that 's the point ! that 's why he be seek you ! susan do this mean I win ? peter I do not think Lucy want to play anymore . Susan look in the wardrobe .. susan the only wood in here be the back of the wardrobe . peter one game at a time lu , we do not all have you imagination . lucy but I be not imagine ! susan that 's enough edmund well I believe you . lucy you do ? edmund yah , do not I tell you about the football field I find in the bathroom closet ? peter why do not you just stop it , you always have to make everything worse . grow up ! edmund shut up ! you think you be dad , but you be not ! ( storm out ) susan well , that be nicely handle ! ( walk away too .. ) lucy it be really there ... peter Susan 's right . that 's enough .. that evening ... edmund enter narnia and meet the white witch Lucy close the wardrobe and she dissolves to night Pan down on candle burn out , Lucy get out boot and not slipper and take candle . flush toilet as Edmund come out and see Lucy follow she to wardrobe candle blow out when she open it and walk in as Edmund do edmund Lucy , Lucy . I hope you be not afraid of the dark ( shut door ) Lucy , Lucy ? Edmund be soon in narnia , he walk around ... and be amaze by it all edmund Lucy ? Lucy ! I think I believe you now ! hear bell . edmund Lucy ? dwarf yah ! ( whipping sound ) Edmund dive out of the way into the snow and then the dwarf jump out and throw a whip around edmund leg dwarf put knife to Edmund 's throat white witch what be it ginarrbrik ? edmund he will not let go ! dwarf be that how you address the Queen of narnia ? edmund I do not know ? dwarf well , you shall know she better afterwards . white witch wait ! what be you name son-of - Adam ? edmund Edmund , you majesty . white witch and how be it , Edmund , that you come to enter my dominion ? edmund I walk through a wardrobe follow my sister . white witch you sister ? how many be you ? edmund four white witch Edmund you look so cold ! come and sit with I here on my sledge . ( Edmund join she ) now , would like something warm to drink . edmund yes ... you majesty . ( take vial and drop a green drop on snow that become a hot drink that the dwarf give Edmund ) how do you do that ? white witch I can make anything you like . edmund could you make I taller ? white witch I can make anything you like to eat edmund turkish Delight Drop once again come down and make the box of turkish Delight and the dwarf give it to Edmund white witch I would love to see you family edmund they be nothing special white witch I have no child of my own and you be such a good little boy ( I never could hear that word right ) where I could see , one day , you become prince of narnia - maybe even king . edmund ( mouth full ) really ? white witch ( nod ) of course you would have to bring you family . edmund they be nothing special edmund oh , Peter will be king too ? white witch no ! but a king need servant . edmund i- I guess I could bring them . white witch Beyond this wood , do you see that two little hill ? my house be right between they . you would love it there Edmund , it have whole room simply stuff with turkish Delight ! edmund could not I have some more now ? white witch no ! ( smile ) do not want to ruin you appetite . white witch I be go to miss you Edmund . but we be go to see each other soon . edmund I hope so . white witch until then ... dear one . ( ww drive of and Ed be leave alone ) lucy Edmund ? oh Edmund !!!! ( hug she brother ) I see Mr. tumnus again and he 's fine !!! the White witch have not find out about he help I ! edmund the White witch ? lucy she call herself the Queen of narnia , but she really be not . Edmund ? be you okay ? you look awful . edmund well what do you expect ! it 's freezing ! how do we get out of here ? lucy come on ... this way . back in england lucy ( turn on the light and jump on Peter ) Peter , Peter wake up ! it 's there , it 's really there ! peter ( roll over still half asleep ) Lucy , what be talk about ? lucy narnia ! it 's all in the wardrobe , like I tell you ! Susan come in . susan oh Lucy , you have be dream . lucy no I be not , I see Mr. tumnus again ! oh , and this time - Edmund go too . peter you see the faun ? lucy well , he do not actually go there with I . what be you do Edmund ? edmund i- I be just play along . you know what little child be like this day , they just do not know when to stop pretend ( sit on he bed look smugly at Lucy ) Lucy start to cry and run out of the room . Susan run after she and so do Peter - who shove Edmund over edmund ow ! Lucy run down the hall and smack into the Professor , she look up a little frighten and then start she cry all over again , hugging he mrs . macready you child be one shenanigan shy of sleep ' in the stable - oh , Professor ! I tell they you be not to be disturb . professor oh , it 's alright Mrs. macready - I be sure there 's a logical explanation . but I think this one need some hot chocolate . mrs . macready yes Professor . come on , dear . Mrs. macready take Lucy down the hall . Peter and Susan turn to go professor * ahem * ( the two turn and follow he into he office and the Professor sit at he desk and take some tobacco out of it 's silver apple case and put it in he pipe ) professor you seem to have upset the internal balance of my housekeeper . peter we be very sorry sir , it will not happen again . susan it 's we sister sir , Lucy . prof the weep girl ? susan yes sir , she 's upset . professor hence the weep peter we can handle it ! ( take Susan 's sleeve ) professor oh , I can see that . susan she think she 's find a magical land in the upstairs wardrobe . professor what do you say !? peter the wardrobe upstairs , Lucy think she 's find a forest inside . Susan and Peter sit on a couch and the Professor sit in a chair across from they professor what be it like ? susan like talk to a lunatic ! professor no , not she - the forest ! peter you be - you be not say you believe she ? professor no , not she - the forest ! peter you .... you actually believe she ? professor well do not you ? susan well , logically it could not possibly be there ! professor what do they teach at this school ? peter Edmund say they be only pretend professor and he 's the more truthful one be he ? peter no , this would be the first time . professor well then , id you sister be not lie and be not mad then logically we must assume that she be tell the truth . she 's you sister , be not she ? you be a family ! it 's high time you start act like one ! cricket peter Peter wind up , go for the bowl ! Ball hit Edmund in the leg edmund ow ! peter whoops ! wake up , dolly daydream ! edmund can not we play hide and go seek again ? peter I think you say that it be a kid 's game . susan besides , we can all use the fresh air . edmund not like there 's air inside peter be you ready then ? edmund be you ? ( smack he bat on the ground and get ready to hit the ball ) Peter pitch the ball , hard , and Edmund whacks it good and it smashes through a upstairs window and crash into a suit of armor . upstair the child be look at the break window and the suit of armor on the floor peter well do , Ed ! edmund you bowl it ! susan listen , Mrs. macready be come peter run ! edmund ( run to the wardrobe and open the door ) come on ! susan you have get to be joke . peter go ! susan get back ! sound of kide griping Susan and Peter fall backwards . in narnia susan impossible ! lucy do not worry , it 's probably just you imagination peter I do not suppose say we be sorry would quite cover it ? lucy no , it would not . but this might ! Lucy nail Peter in the face with a snowball , he throw one back at she and a snowball fight begin . Susan hit Ed in the arm with one edmund ow ! ( rub he arm ) stop it ! ( they all realize that Ed lie ) peter you little liar ! edmund you do not believe she either ! peter apologize to Lucy . ( he just look at she ) peter say you be sorry ! ( Peter step up to he ) edmund alright ! I be sorry . lucy that 's alright , some little child just do not know when to stop pretend . ( look at he smugly ) edmund ( mutter ) : very funny . susan maybe we should go back edmund can not we at lease take a look around ? peter I think Lucy must decide ! lucy I all want you to meet Mr. tumnus ! peter well Mr. tumnus it be ( walk into the wardrobe again ) susan we can not just walk around in this clothes ! peter ( come out ) we can use this coat . susan Peter , they do not belong to we . peter well I do not think the professor will mind . and if you think about it logically we be not even take they out of the wardrobe . ( hand coat to Edmund ) edmund but that 's a girl 's coat ! peter I know . discovering narnia start walk toward Mr. tumnus ' cave through snow end of line of lucy ... and tea and ... ( see open door and run off ) peter lucy ! they all run to tumnus ' house lucy who would do something like this ? Edmund step on break picture of tumnus 's dad susan Peter what be that on the wall ? peter read the former occupant of this premise , the faun tumnus , be under arrest and await he trial on a charge of High treason against she imperial majesty jadis , Queen of narnia , chatelaine of cair paravel , Empress of the Lone Islands , also to comforting she say majesty 's enemy , harbour spy and fraternize with human . sign maugrim , captain of the secret Police , Long live the Queen . susan now we should really go . lucy but we have to help he ! peter it 's out of we hand now lu. lucy you do not get it do you ? I be the human !!! he help I ! peter maybe we should call the police susan this be the police ! edmund besides , he 's a criminal ! peter do not worry Lucy , we will think of something robin psst ! susan do that bird just ' psst ' we ? outside again they step outside , they hear rustle from the bush . Mr. beaver approach lucy it 's a beaver . Peter approach the beaver , click he tongue peter here , boy * click * come here ...* click * Peter let 's out he hand , Mr. beaver stare at it then sit upright mr.beaver well , I be not gonna smell it if that 's what you want ! edmund it 's a talk beaver ! mr. beaver Lucy pevensie ? lucy yes ? Mr. beaver hand she the handkerchief lucy this be the handkerchief I give to mr- mr. beaver tumnus . he give it to I just before they take he . lucy be he alright ? mr. beaver further in . ( Mr. beaver scurries off , Susan grab Peter by the arm ) susan Peter , we do not know what you be do . edmund she 's right . how do we know we can trust this beaver ? peter he say 's he know the faun . susan he 's a beaver ... he should not be say anything ! mr. beaver be everything alright ? peter yes . we be just talk mr. beaver that 's better leave for safer corner . lucy he mean the tree . walk to beaver 's dam through the cliff under a bridge and then they see the dam mr. beaver there be home sweet home . lucy oh , what a beautiful dam Mr. beaver . mr. beaver merely a trifle . mrs . beaver be that you beaver ? I find out you have be out with badger again I will ... oh , they be not badger . I never think I would see this day to Mr. beaver you could not give I ten minute warning ... look at this fur . mr. beaver I would have give you a week if I think it would help ( hee hee ) mrs . beaver well you must be cold and hungry . let 's get you inside for some food and civilized conversation . Lucy , Susan &amp ; Peter follow Mrs. beaver inside , Edmund see 's jadis 's castle ... right where it 's suppose to be mr. beaver enjoy the scenery , be we ? Edmund shake off that comment , &amp ; enter the dam . Mr. beaver follow he in the beaver house mrs . beaver Fish and stick , dear . peter be there nothing we can do about Mr. tumnus ? mrs . beaver well .. there 's hope ! mr. beaver yeah , there 's a load full of hope ... aslan be on the move . edmund who 's aslan ? Mr. beaver laugh .. Mrs. beaver see they be serious and lay she hand on Mr. beaver mr. beaver aslan .... you silly little blighter ..... you do not know do you ? peter well we have not actually be here very long mr. beaver he 's only the king the whole wood , the true king of narnia .... and he 's wait for you ! lucy wait for we ? beaver you get to be joke ! look , aslan 's return , tumnus ' arrest ..... the secret police ! they be all happen because of you ! susan you be blame we ? mrs . beaver not blame you dear , thanking you . beaver there 's .... a prophecy , when Adam 's flesh and Adam 's bone sit in if cair paravel in throne the evil be over and do . susan you know that do not really rhyme . mr. beaver I know , but you be miss the point ! mrs . beaver it 's long be tell that two son of Adam and two daughter of Eve will appear to defeat the White witch , and restore peace to narnia . peter and you think we be the one ??? mr. beaver well you would better be , aslan 's already fitte out you army !!! peter I think you have make a mistake ; we be not heroes ! susan we be from finchley ! peter I think it 's time we be go . lucy but what about Mr. tumnus ? peter sorry Lucy . it 's out of we hand . susan thank you for you hospitality . peter Ed , time to go - Ed ? ( look around the room ) I be go to kill he . mr. beaver you may not have to ... have Edmund be to narnia before ? shot of Ed walk to the witch 's castle without he coat - shot of the other try to catch up to he peter hurry up ! they reach the top of the hill and see Ed go through the witch 's castle gate lucy ( shouting ) Edmund ! mr. beaver shh ! they will hear ya ! Peter start to run after Edmund but Mr. beaver grab he by the sleeve of he coat peter get off I ! peter we just can not let he go ! beaver do not you get it ?! he 's the bait ! she want all of ya in there !!! to kill ya ! susan this be all you fault ! none of this would have happen if you have just listen to I in the first place ! peter so you know this would happen ? susan I do not know what would happen ... lucy stop , this fight be not go to help Edmund beaver she 's right . only aslan can save he now . peter then take we to he . edmund at the witch house Edmund be walk through the courtyard and see 's giant rumblebuffin . he walk further in and see 's a stone lion - he draw glass and a moustache on it Edmund continue through the courtyard , he step over what he think be a log of some sort ... only to be lurched on by maugrim ! maugrim stand still stranger ! edmund I be a Son of Adam , I meet the Queen in the wood ! maugrim get off he . maugrim my apology , fortunate favourite of the queen - or perhaps not so fortunate . walk into the throne - room maugrim wait here ( Edmund see the glorious throne , and sit on it longingly . then , the witch come up behind he and say , scare he half to death . ) white witch you like it ! edmund ( he jump up startle ) ye ... yes , you majesty ! white witch I think you might white witch tell I , you sister , be they deaf ? edmund no white witch and you brother , unintelligent ? edmund well I think so , but mom say ... white witch then how dare you come alone ! Edmund , I ask so little of you edmund they just do not listen to I ! white witch could not even do that ! edmund I ... I do bring they half way . there at the dam at the house of the beaver 's ! white witch well ... I guess you not a total lose then . Edmund approach again . edmund be there any chance I may have some more turkish delight now ? white witch ginnabrick , we guest be hungry ginnabrick this way ... for you num num ... white witch maugrim !!!! you know what to do .... maugrim let 's out a howl , Edmund realize the horrible truth as wolf surround the castle ... they charge from the castle back at the beaver house maugrim take they mr. beaver hurry mum , they be after we ! mrs . beaver right then ... susan what be she do ? mrs . beaver do not worry , you will thank you I later . it 's a long journey and a beaver get cranky when he 's hungry . beaver i'm cranky now ! susan do you think we should bring jam ? peter only if the witch have toast . goe inside the tunnel mr. beaver this should lead to aslan 's mrs . beaver I think it lead to you mum ! Lucy fall howling . lucy they be in the tunnel ! ( run further , come to dead end ) mrs . beaver you should have bring a map ! beaver there be no room next to the jam ! he jump out of the hole . everyone else follow . once Peter get out , Lucy fall on a bunch of stone thing . Lucy get up ! they all see stone animal ! mr. beaver he be my best mate ! ( cry ) susan what happen to they ? fox this be what happen to the enemy of the White witch . mr. beaver stand still there traitor . fox relax , I be one of the good guy mr. beaver well you look mighty like one of the bad guy . fox a unfortunate family resemblance , but we can discuss family breeding later right now we need to move . peter what do you suggest ? fox look up the Fox stay on lower ground , the beaver &amp ; the child be in a tree ... the wolf approach wolf break through barrier as Fox be out in centre fox even gent , do we lose something ? wolf do not patronize I , I know where you allegiance lie . we be look for some human fox human in narnia , now that 's some valuable information maugrim where be they ?!!! Lucy cry out , Peter shush she the fox look around hopelessly , and then hang he head in shame fox they , they , be head North . maugrim quickly , smell they out . they cast aside the fox , where he lay whimper on the ground Mrs. beaver be patching up the Fox , as the child listen to he tale lucy be you all right ? fox well , I wish I could say they bark be worse than they bite . he wince in pain , and continue to talk mrs . beaver stop squirming ! you be worse than beaver on bath day mr. beaver worst day of the year fox well I be afraid that be all the heal I have time for . susan you be leave ? fox it have be a pleasure my Queen . I have be ask by aslan himself to gather more troops . mr. beaver you have see aslan ! mrs . beaver what be he like ? fox like everything we have ever hear . he will be a good help fight the White witch susan we be not plan fight any witch fox surely King Peter ... peter we just want to get we brother back . back to the witch house .. in the dungeon Edmund , in chain at the witch palace . he attempt to eat the food he be give , but cough and spit it out , because of its taste . he then attempt to drink a cup , which be freeze . he then throw it on the tray . mr. tumnus be you gonna eat that ? ( from the other prison ) Edmund give he the food . edmund Mr ... tumnus . mr. tumnus you Lucy pevensy brother . edmund I be Edmund ! mr. tumnus you have the same nose . Edmund rub he nose . mr. tumnus be you sister alright ? ( no answer ) be she safe ? edmund I ... I do not know ! White witch come in and they go back to they place white witch my wolf tore that dam apart , you little family be nowhere to be find . ( lift Edmund off the ground ) where be they ?! edmund I do not know .. white witch then you be no longer any use to I ... Guard edmund wait they say something about aslan white witch aslan ! where ? mr. tumnus Stranger have only be in narnia a short ... ( hit in head ) edmund I leave before I could hear anymore ... I want to see you again . white witch Guard ! guard yes , you majesty white witch release the faun ( Guard hit chain and tumnus cry out in pain as they drop he by the witch ) do you know why you be here ? mr. tumnus because I believe in a free narnia witch stare at he coldly white witch you be here because he ( point at Edmund ) turn you in ... for sweety . ( turn to dwarf and guard ) take he ( tumnus ) upstairs and ready my sleigh , Edmund miss he family . the rock bridge mr. beaver now aslan 's camp be just over there by the stone table just across the freeze river . susan River ? mrs . beaver it 's be freeze for 100 year peter it seem so far mrs . beaver it 's the world dear , do you expect it to be small ? susan smaller ... they continue they journey . back to edmund dwarf bring Edmund up and he see tumnus turn to stone white witch whenever you be ready son-of - Adam . sleigh go off into forest with Edmund look at the cold White witch father christmas mr. beaver come on , before we be old peter if he tell I to hurry up one more time I be go to turn he into a big fluffy hat mr. beaver hurry up son-of - Adam ! we do not have all day . lucy he be get kinda bossy ( bell ringing ) mr. beaver it 's she ! run! Quick down here ! few minute pass lucy maybe she 's go . peter I will go and have a look mr. beaver no , you be no good to narnia dead . mrs . beaver neither be you beaver . mr. beaver thanks dear . Long pause and some noise then ... mr. beaver ahhh !.... lucy ahhh ! mr. beaver I hope you have be good , because there be someone here to see you . Father Christmas stand there . lucy merry Christmas , Sir ! father christmas it certainly be , Lucy . thanks to you . susan I think there be no Christmas in narnia . father christmas it have not be for a hundred year . but now the witch 's power be crumble . ( he go to he bag and throw it to the ground ) lucy present ! father christmas Lucy , Eve 's daughter . this be for you . the juice of the fire flower . if you , or one of you friend be wounded , one drop of this cordial will restore they . and though I do not expect you to use it , this . lucy well , I think I could be brave enough . father christmas I be sure you could . but battle be ugly affair . Eve 's daughter , Susan . trust in this bow , for it do not easily miss . susan what happen to , ' battle be ugly affair ? ' father christmas and , though you do not seem to have trouble make yourself hear , this . when you put this horn to you lip and blow it , wherever you be , help will come . susan thanks . father christmas and , Peter . this be tool , not toy . the time to use they may be soon at hand . father christmas bare they well ! I best be off , winter be almost over and thing do pile up when you have be go a thousand year . Long live aslan ! ( he get in he sleigh and ride off ) the child bye ... merry Christmas ! lucy told you he be real ! peter do you hear what he say ... winter be almost over . you no what that mean ... no more ice ! crossing the river susan wait , maybe we should think about this . peter we do not have time . susan I be just try to be realistic peter no , you be try to be smart ... as usual ! crossing the ice mr. beaver wait , maybe I should go first . peter maybe you should . mrs . beaver you have be sneaking second helping have not you ? mr beaver well you never know what meal be gonna be you last , especially with you cooking . susan if mum know what we be do ... peter mum 's not here !!! lucy ( see wolf ) oh no ! peter run !!!!! wolf leap infront of they , growl &amp ; sneering ... maugrim put that down boy , someone might get hurt . mr. beaver ( pin down ) do not worry about I ! slit he throat ! maugrim leave now while you can , and you be brother leave with you . susan stop Peter , maybe we should listen to he ! maugrim smart girl . mr. beaver do not listen to he . kill he . kill he now ! susan look , just because some man in a red suit hand you a sword do not make you a hero ! so just drop it ! beaver no Peter ! narnia need ya ! maugrim what 's it gonna be Son of Adam ? we be not go to wait for ever . and neither be the river . lucy peter !!!! peter hold onto I ! stabs sword into the ice , and they float away ... they get to shore . Peter have Lucy 's coat in hand , but no Lucy . susan what have you do ?! all call out Lucy ! lucy have anyone see my coat ? mr. beaver you brother have you well look after . everyone laugh and embrace . mrs . beaver I do not think you will be need that coat any more ! walk through and see spring come about and flower budd as they leave there coat and head toward aslan 's Camp back to the waterfall , the witch , edmund and dwarf dwarf it 's so warm here ! ( cold look from witch ) I think I will go check the sleigh . wolf we find the traitor ( carry the Fox ) he be gather troops near the sharwood forest . white witch Nice of you to drop by . I understand you be so helpful to my wolf last night . fox forgive I you majesty white witch do not waste my time with flattery . fox not to seem rude , but I be not actually talk to you ( look at Edmund ) white witch ( look first to Edmund and than at Fox ) where be aslan ! answer I ! ( about to hit he with wand ) edmund wait ! the beaver say something about the Stone table and a army . white witch thank you Edmund . it be good for this creature to see some honesty before he die .. edmund no ! ( Fox to stone and White slap Edmund across face ) white witch think who 's side you be on . mine ... ( turn he head ) or theirs ? if it be a war aslan want ( turn butterfly to stone ) it 's a war he shall get . at aslan' camp susan why be they all stare at we ? lucy maybe they think you look funny . Peter smile . mr. beaver oh stop you fussing Mrs. beaver . you look lovely . Peter pull out sword . peter ( to oreius ) we have come to see aslan . tent start to blow in breeze and everyone kneel . aslan come from the tent and the child kneel aslan welcome Peter Adam 's son , welcome Susan and Lucy daughter - of - Eve . welcome beaver . you have my thanks , but where be the fourth . peter that 's why we be here . susan we have a little trouble along the way . peter he 's be capture by the White witch crowd capture ! mr. beaver he betrayed they you excellence ! oreius then he have betrayed we all aslan peace oreius . peter it be my fault really . I be too hard on he . susan we all be . lucy Sir , he 's we brother . aslan I know dear and that make the betrayal all the worse . it may be harder than you think peter and aslan on hill aslan that be cair paravel of the four throne one of which you must sit as High King . peter ( ... ) aslan you doubt the prophecy peter no , that 's just it ... you be not who I think I be aslan Peter pevensie formerly of finnchley . beaver also say you want to turn he into a hat . light laughes Peter there be a deep Magic that rule over narnia . it define right from wrong and help we fulfill destiny , both yours and mine . peter I do not think I will be able . aslan you be able to get you family here . peter not all of they . aslan I will do what I can for Edmund . I too want my family safe . susan and lucy be go down to the river susan mother have not have a dress like this since before the war lucy maybe we have bring back a whole trunk load when we go home . susan if we go home ... sorry I guess I be like that . remember when we use to have fun ? lucy yes , before you go boring . susan oh really ( splashes water and this continue as Susan go to get towel and ... ) wolve wolf now , we be very tired . we would prefer to kill you quickly . ( throw towel ) CUT to Peter and aslan Susan 's horn be blow , Peter run to she direction , aslan follow he CUT to Susan and Lucy Susan and Lucy be in a tree and wolf try to get they . Peter come back through the river aslan pin the second wolf to the ground and say to he group stay back . this be Peter 's battle . the wolf attack he . and everyone think he be dead susan and lucy Peter ... no ! they run up to he , and see he be alive and look disgust by kill the wolf . aslan let go the other wolf aslan follow he ! he will lead you to Edmund . Peter , clean you sword . aslan rise , Sir Peter wolfsbane -- knight of narnia . Peter look at aslan in awe all embrace he and be excited about this witch camp Edmund be tie to tree as the dwarf taunt he general otmin the minotaurs on the leave , send in the dwarf first . White witch look at the plan and then ... aslan 's army come in and there be confusion . White witch go through camp and see dwarf to tree , knife in hat and he tie and gag . she take the knife and look like she 's go to kill he then cut he down dwarf you be not go to kill he ? white witch not yet ! we have work to do ( turn to otmin ) morning aslan' camp aslan and Edmund be on the rock above camp Peter come out and see he and then the girl lucy edmund ! Peter stop she . aslan motion Edmund down and they go to the group of he sibling aslan what 's do be do . there be no reason to bring up the past with you brother . edmund hello ... lucy oh , Edmund ( hug he and Susan do too ) susan how be you feel ? edmund I be feel kinda tired peter get some rest ... and Edmund try not to wander off again . some time later , breakfast lucy narnia be not go to run out of toast Edmund peter then you better pack some for the journey susan so be go home ? peter you be , I promise I would keep you three safe but there 's no reason I can not stay and help . lucy but they need we ... all four of we peter Lucy it 's too dangerous . you almost drown , Edmund be almost kill ! edmund which be why we have to stay . they all look at he . edmund I have see what the White witch can do and I have help she do it , and we can not leave this people behind to suffer for it . Lucy hold Ed 's hand . susan well I guess that 's it then . * get up * peter where be you go ? susan ( pick up bow and quiver ) to get in some practice . Susan and Lucy practice shoot at the target . then it cut to Peter and Edmund practice sword fight peter come on Ed , sword hand up like oreius show we . the beaver come run up . Edmund 's horse rear edmund whoa horsey ! horse my name be Philip . edmund oh , sorry mr. beaver you better come quick the White witch have request a meeting with aslan ... witch in aslan camp dwarf jadis .. jadis !!! jadis arrive at the camp , cyclops carry she bed-thingy ... she hop down , and walk towards aslan jadis you have a traitor in you midst , aslan . everyone gasp . aslan his offence be not against you . white witch have you forget the deep Magic ? aslan do not cite the deep Magic to I , witch . I be there when it be make . white witch then you will know that the boy belong to I . ( turn to crowd ) that boy ( point to Edmund ) will die on the Stone table . peter come and take it then . white witch you think that a simple threat will deny I my right , little king ? aslan know that if I do not have blood as the law demand , all of narnia will be overturn , and perish , in fire and water . aslan enough , I shall talk with you alone . ( time pass and the witch exit tent ) aslan the witch have denounce she claim on Edmund narnian cheer . white witch how will I know you promise will be keep ? aslan roar . the White witch fall into she seat and the narnian laugh . the White witch leave . aslan sigh and walk into he tent . that night ... Lucy be quietly rest , when she see 's a shadow ... she wake Susan lucy Susan ! Susan see 's the shadow , the two leave they tent . aslan be leave the camp ... they follow he . and follow he ... and follow he . until - aslan be not you suppose to be in bed ? lucy we could not sleep susan please , aslan . could not we come with you ? aslan I would be glad of the company tonight . ( walk further ) aslan it be time . from now on , I must go on alone . thank you Susan . thank you Lucy . and farewell . lucy ( later after lot of jeer towards aslan as he walk to the Stone table ) why do not he fight back ? white witch bind he . wait . first let he be shave . more jeer and catcall ... white witch tonight , the deep magic will be appease , but tomorrow , we will take narnia , forever ! white witch you know , aslan , I be a little disappointed in you . do you really think that by give you life you would save the human boy ? ha . you be give up you life , and save no one . so much for love . white witch in that knowledge ... despair ... and die !!!!!! she plunge in the knife and aslan 's growl in pain and he eye slowly close white witch the great cat be dead !! her army cheer loudly . white witch General , gather you army and prepare for battle . however short it may be . otmin let out a huge roar after the white witch and creature be gone the girl come up and cry and lean on aslan . Lucy get a idea , unscrew she potion susan it 's too late . he 's go . I be sure he know what he be do . we have to go . lucy we can not just leave he here . susan Lucy there 's not time . we have to tell the other . lucy the tree back at aslan 's camp in the boy ' tent dryad fear not my prince . I come with tiding of grave news .. Peter walk out of the tent . peter it be true , he 's go edmund then you will have to lead we . there 's a whole army out there wait to follow you . peter I can not edmund aslan believe you could . and so do I . oreius what be you order ? Peter look at map ... you see the battle field battle gryphon they come , you highness , in number and weapon far great then we own . oreius number do not win a battle peter no , but I bet they help arrival of the witch 's army white witch I take no interest in prisoner . kill they all Army charge , gryphon attack otman look to the sky battle truly begins peter be you with I ? orieus to the death ! peter for narnia , and for aslan !!!! peter' charge begins back to the girl at the Stone table Lucy and Susan wake up . susan we should go . lucy I be so cold . they start walk away ... Stone table crack lucy Susan ! susan what have they do ? aslan appear , send shiver down everyone be spine ! susan and lucy aslan ! aslan laugh . susan we see the witch , the knife . aslan if the witch know the true meaning of sacrifice , she might have interprete the deep Magic a little differently . for she would know that if a willing victim who have commit no treachery die in a traitor stead , the Stone table would crack and death itself would begin to unwind . susan we send the word that you be dead . Peter and Edmund would have go to war . lucy ( draw knife ) we have to help they . aslan we will , but not alone . now , climb on my back . we have a long way to go and little time to get there . and you might want to cover you ear . roar !!!!!!!!!!!!! back to the battle peter fall back ! draw they to the rock ! beaver that 's the signal ! get ready ! edmund FIRE ! swish ! bang ! grunt ! crash ! clash ! roar ! aaaahhh !!! ouch ! Peter fall off he unicorn . oreius and the rhino charge peter stop ! they do not . witch duck attack , parry blade , spin she wand and turn oreius to stone back to aslan and the girl .. at the Witches house cut to stone centaur in the witch 's castle . Lucy and Susan be look for Mr. tumnus . Lucy find he and start to cry , while Susan hug she . aslan walk up and breathes on Mr. tumnus , and Mr. tumnus be restore . he fall forward into Lucy and Susan 's arm lucy Susan this be ... susan mr tumnus !!!! they hug .... then they see aslan aslan come , let search the castle - other may still be trap inside and Peter will need all the help he can get . back to the battle peter Ed ! there be too many of they ! go ! get out of here ! get the girl , and get they home ! beaver come on , you hear he ! Ed start to leave , then see the witch . and start to go back beaver Peter say to go ! edmund Peter 's not King yet ! Edmund rush down the hill and break the witch 's sword , then she stab he with the remainder of she wand . so the next thing that be actually say be a grunt issue from Edmund and ... peter Edmund !! ( silence ) Peter and the witch fight , then they see aslan witch impossible ! aslan rush to kill the witch , everything disappear aslan it be finish . the three pevensy reunite susan where 's Edmund ? the dwarf hobble up and be about to finish Edmund susan Edmund ! ( shoot arrow , kill the dwarf ) Edmund cough and gasp . Lucy pull out she cordial and place one drop on Edmund 's lip . he stop move momentarily before gasp and sit up peter when be you ever go to do be you be tell ? laugh and hugging Group hug Lucy get the idea to heal everyone and she walk over too someone else who be hurt . then you see cair paravel , and horn blow . the coronation of the pevensy begin . they walk up the aisle happily , and stand next to they cool chair . aslan bring forth the crown ! tumnus and Mr. beaver bring out the crown . aslan ( as they put on she crown ) to the glisten eastern sea , I give you Queen Lucy the valiant . to the great western wood , ( put he crown on ) King Edmund the just . to the radiant southern sun , ( put crown on ) Queen Susan the gentle. ( crown put on ) and to the clear northern sky , King Peter the magnificent . once a king or Queen of narnia , always a king or queen . everyone Long live King Peter ! Long live Queen Susan ! Long live King Edmund ! and long live Queen Lucy ! aslan walk on the beach in the sunset Lucy run out to the balcony and see he walk away tumnus we will see he again . lucy when ? tumnus in time ... you must not press he , he be not a tame lion ... lucy no , but he 's good ... tumnus here ( pull a hankie from he person ) I think you need this more than I do . she take it and see that aslan have disappear and begin to cry softly , she and tumnus hold hand as she look into the sunset . year later , out on horse chasing the white stag . edmund slow down edmund you alright there Philip ? philip not as young as I use to be ? susan come on Ed . edmund just catch my breath lucy what do he say , Susan ? susan you girl stay at the castle , I will go get the stag myself . peter what be this ? ( they get off they horse ) susan it seem like a dream ... lucy or a dream of a dream ... spare oom peter not again lucy come on edmund she always run off peter this be not branch ... susan there coat ( voice start to change ) all stop push ...ah .... ( wardrobe door fly open and all four fall on floor , the door to the room open and the professor walk in with the ball ) professor there you be . now what be child do the wardrobe ? peter you would not believe we if we tell you ( Professor throw ball to Peter and with a twinkle in he eye ... ) professor try I credit wardrobe at night Lucy try to get into the wardrobe and then ... professor I do not think you will get back in that way ... you see I have already try . lucy will we ever go back ? professor I expect so , probably when you least expect it . what 's to say keep you eye open ( they walk out the room and the wardrobe door open a crack and a light and smoke come out and we hear a roar ) the end