a haunting in Connecticut by Adam Simon & Tim Metcalfe base on the true Story gold Circle film 9240 wilshire Blvd. , ste 250 beverly Hills , CA 90212 310-278-4800 6/25/07 credit roll over : eerie , old fashioned black and white photograph : 1 - twin boy sit one each on mother and Father 's lap . the child seem stiff and awkward as doll . - a old man in a bed - surround by family who all stare into the camera - only the old man 's eye be close . - a mother and new bear infant lie together as if sleep . - a entire family - mother , Father , Three child . all sit freeze before a paint backdrop of cloud as if seat in Heaven . all dead . this be not family photo but memorial photo from the 1920' - stage final portrait of the dead . end credit as the last image fade to black and : super : base on the true story . the name have be change to protect that who survive . fade to black . SARA ( 0.s. ) why do bad thing happen to good people ? fade in : int . campbell home - upstate new york - day 2 the dim light and anonymously silhouett angle of a documentary interview . we can barely see the woman we will come to know as SARA campbell . SARA that 's the real question , right ? why we ? that 's what everybody want to know . some pity we . other seem to think I want all this - she sweep she hand over the table in front of she - reveal a spread of tabloid and magazine with lurid headline : ' haunting in Connecticut ! 's ' trapped in the House of the Dead ! 's ' the real Hell House 's etc . SARA ( cont 'd ) God know why - attention I suppose . be they kid ? Truth be , I do not know why it happen to we . we be just regular people , like any other family . not especially good enough to be worth testing the way the Lord test job . or wick enough to deserve what happen . nobody deserve that . she fall into silence . then - hearing a off-mike question : SARA ( cont 'd ) a silver lining ? I guess ... I guess it do make I more certain that Heaven exist . ( straight into camera ) it must - right ? I mean - maybe that 's the one good thing ... about glimpsing Hell ... CUT to : a red sweaty face Burning with a feverish sweat , a teenage boy lean against a car window , spatter with rain . super : JUNE 19 , 1987 we be : int . SARA 's car - night - on a connecticut highway 3 a worried woman drive at night : SARA campbell , 38 . in the back seat she son matt , 16 , though the cancer and the treatment conspire to make he seem much older . she look at he in the rear view mirror : lying in the backseat . sleep . Close on she : a mother 's worry . eye try to focus on the road - while image mix and melt with rain on the windshield : 3b rapid image : 4 x-ray . mri. body scan . pet scan. cat scan . not whole scene - just close - up and detail : Medical graphic . tight close - up in claustrophobic machine interior . Needles draw blood . blood cell see through a microscope . the work . the diagnostic hell that bring they here . doctor and there authoritative voice all merge : various doctor six month maybe less . / experimental treatment . / no guarantee . / wait list . / nothing in New York . can you get to Connecticut ? back to the present on the interstate : 5 the car pass a sign announce that we have just leave Connecticut and enter New York . in the car : 3b as we come back to she face we barely hear she hushed prayer . SARA please God . let it work . please . Matt suddenly sit up behind she . matt talk to yourself ? you know what they say , first sign of lose it . SARA I be not talk to myself . I be talk to God . matt I think that 's the second . SARA I thank he for give I you . matt pull over Mom . I be gonna be sick . SARA very funny . matt it 's the chemo . I be really gonna be - she pull over - he throw open the back door - we hear but do not see he retching . she turn instinctively to help - matt ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) Mom - do not look . I be ok . she wince with every retch . Matt come back in . SARA feel better ? he nod . she know he 's lie as she start the car move . int . campbell home - upstate new york - the kitchen - day 6 Sara make breakfast as she husband peter , 40 , walk in from the bedroom , plaster a unruly boyish cowlick which bely the strain and age in he eye . he 's off to work . peter Morning , babe . I do not hear you come in . when do you get home ? SARA about 4 . peter I know it 's two hundred mile , but how do that take you eight hour ? SARA do you really want to know how many time we stop so he could vomit ? peter oh , man . how be he now ? SARA he 's okay now . he 's asleep . peter lemme get breakfast . you go to bed . SARA no it 's alright - I be still wire from drive - and Wendy 's help . wendy - Sara 's 17 year old niece - enter trail the raucous sound of kide behind she . SARA ( cont 'd ) thanks , Wendy . sorry for the chaos . wendy it 's better than my house . SARA my sister love you daddy - they just have funny way of show it . wendy I know love be a four letter word , just not that four letter word . SARA take this pancake in to the hungry horde . Wendy exit . and through the open door we catch a quick glimpse of two young kid at the table . and a bleary and pale face Matt stumbling out of a bedroom . peter it 's not good . one of this night you be gonna drive off the road you will be so tired . SARA I wish we could just move there . just for the summer , until - behind they we see Matt and Wendy open the kitchen door - peter and in the meantime what ? pay mortgage and a rent ? every penny we get be in the damn store . when we buy the franchise we do not plan - SARA nobody plan to have a child get cancer . peter you know that 's not what I mean . see behind they : Matt and Wendy exchange embarrassed glance and step back - not want to hear they fight about Matt . peter ( cont 'd ) look . you be right . he 's gotta come first . let 's just do it . ( more ) peter ( cont 'd ) find a rental in Connecticut , near the Hospital . we 'il make it work . SARA you mean it ? what 's 1l you do ? how will we afford it ? peter come on weekend . take a second mortgage on we second mortgage . whatever it take . SARA we be gonna make it through this , right ? peter definitely . his eye , though , have none of the certainty of he word . ext . hospital - day victorian gothic Hospital with concrete ' 70 's addition . super : St. Michael 's Hospital . goatswood , Connecticut . June 20 . 10:00 a.m. int . antechamber - continuous Sara with the oncologist , dr . brook . dr . brooks he 's do great . SARA he vomit twice more this morning . that 's do great ? dr . brooks that 's do chemo . it 's he stomach cell die . and be reborn . right now - we be wage war . total war . Inside Matt 's body . and the battle be just beginning . SARA that 's what I be afraid of . montage : - intercut tight shot of Matt 's treatment with Sara 's house search : 10 9b 10 B 11 9c Sara 's hand circle house - to- rent want ad ; some say '' no kid or no pet '' then crossing they out ; see a few of the available place through she eye : they be dump ; SARA ( 0.s. ) they be all too small , too pricey or have roach as big as rat . Matt strapped down on a tilt gurney beneath a forbid 9 piece of equipment cover with radioactive warning sign . SARA ( 0.s . ) - but I be not give up . int . the car - later 10 after more scratch off list , Sara be near tear . she look out the window and see it 's the cemetery she 's pass . she turn away and ram she foot down on the gas as if she could out run the grim reaper - or at least she tear . glove hand place a fitte mask to hold Matt 's head in 9b position . Metal rod and leather strap keep he body immobilize . with a mechanical whir the radiation commence . int . sara' car - same time 10b just past the edge of the cemetery she do a double - take and slow down as she glimpsis out of the side of she vision : a man clumsily hammer a ' for rent 's sign into the ground . ext . house - continuous 11 Sara pull up and roll down the window . squint into the set sun she see a squamous purple victorian house . SARA I do not want to waste you time . what be you ask ? the man turn around - aziz singh , realtor . warm , persuasive . mr . singh hello . welcome . I give you first month free if I do not have to finish hammer this darn sign ! Close Shots : Needles , needle , needle . in Matt 's vein . 9 c spine . the back of he neck . drawing blood . drawing marrow . injecting thing . until he 's a pincushion of pain . 12 9d 13 mr . singh ( 0.s. ) it just need some love and care ... int . house - same time 12 Singh guide Sara past the time - fade wallpaper and chip paint of a once elegant old interior . mr . singh --- and a good family to bring it back to life . SARA and you do not mind child ? mr . singh where would we be without they ? on a cold empty rock . suddenly - a rumbling , groaning clanking sound . mr . singh ( cont ’d ) Old house be like old stomach . they make a lot of noise . SARA it 's everything we need . and then some . it 's beautiful , spacious , affordable . I mean , it 's too good to be true . so what 's the catch ? Matt seem to be hang upside down - as hot lava flow irfttp he vein - he slowly rotate - but in fact he be not move - mr . singh ( 0.s. ) the catch ? yes , well it do have a somewhat peculiar history ... - it 's the camera spin : Matt 's in a chair attach to a machine ; tube from the machine give multiple injection simultaneously . while another filter he blood . int . phone booth - late afternoon 13 Sara nearly at the end of she rope , talk to Peter . SARA I see one that be almost perfect but ... it just be not quite right . 14 int . SARA 's car - a beat later 14 driving home . she look at Matt in the rear view mirror . SARA they say you might have some body ache - but no nausea . matt ( through clench tooth ) Doctor say to patient ; I get bad news . you have get cancer . and you have get Alzheimer 's . 's patient say ' whew , least I do not have cancer . 's Sara laugh not to cry . as each tiny bump send paroxysm of pain through Matt 's body . matt ( cont ’d ) at least I do not have nausea . he 's put on a brave face - but he groan can not be stifle . every small bump in the road send shockwave of pain through he young body . Sara steal glance in the rear view mirror at he - and it tear at she heart . she turn the car around and head back the way they come ... 15 ext . the house - later 15 Mr. Singh stand out front with Sara , near she car . we see he 's bring a big mattress , two sleep bag , a portable tv and even some take - away food . both of they help a frail Matt out of the back seat of the car , one put a blanket around he shoulder . SARA I do not know how to thank you . he lean in to she - out of Matt 's hearing . mr. singh really , do not worry - and remember - a house be just brick and wood and plaster . that 's all . anything else - be just imagination ... 16 int . house - later 16 two sleep bag lie on the mattress beside the table . 17 18 10 . Matt , half asleep , watch tv . behind he we see Sara on the phone . SARA I make a decision . you be not there . she pull the phone into the next room - so Matt can not hear . as Matt nod off we move in on the tv screen . in reflection we can see Matt in front of it - but also - something else : someone stand behind he . or be it just the flicker ghost of bad tv reception ? Sara step into the next room - so Matt do not hear . SARA you do not have to hear he groan , Peter . I just could not take it . int . parlor - later that night 17 look down on Sara and Matt . each in they own sleep bag . but lie close . the dark room seem fill with muffle voice . the wall seem to whisper like faint swarm of bee . a close Pov of the sleep mother and son - as of someone stand right over they ... Matt stir , look up uneasily at the spot where a second ago it seem someone be stand observe they . nothing there . Matt slip out of bed as quietly as he can . he start into the nearest bathroom - but realize the sound will wake she - so he go look for another one upstairs . int . second floor - continuous 18 he find a bathroom . he lean over to retch . splashes cold water in he face . then freeze . do he hear something ? voice ( 0.s. ) Matthew . matt Mom ? he open the door . no one 's there . he pad back downstairs . 19 20 21 11 . int . parlor —- continuous 19 but he see she 's still sound asleep . he 's about to get into he sleep bag when again he hear -- voice ( 0.s. ) Matthew ... from behind he this time . he try to follow the sound . int . the basement - continuous 20 he step into the darken stairwell . suddenly the silence be tear by a grinding sound - from deep inside the house : the clanging of old elevator chain ... stepping out of the darkness of the stair , Matt think he see a mirror - but then see it be a half wood , half thick glass wall with a door . the mirror effect be because someone seem to be stand on the other side of the glass . he approach - closer - cup he hand to try and see through the distorting glass - matt hello ? who 's there ? see through the distorting glass : a face - impossible to say if it be just a distort reflection of he own face in the thick glass or another face on the other side look back at he - blacken and burnt and mouth open in a scream as a hand jerk the head away by the hair - match CUT to : int . parlor - morning 21 - and it be Matt who scream as he jerk awake , woozy , he face red and cover in sweat . matt what ? wh-where ? sunlight pour in . a hand stroke he brow . SARA honey ? you alright ? matt yeah . just a dream . I guess . 22 23 24 25 12 . int . kitchen - morning 22 she give he a can of protein shake . SARA pick of the house for any bedroom you want : if you drink this . deal ? Matt try he best to get some of the protein shake down . int . second floor - later 23 Matt start upstairs , check out the room . int . bedroom - continuous 24 Matt step into the first room . fade victorian wall paper cover with a intricate pattern of cage song bird . the feel be utterly lonely , and a place out of time . int . downstair parlor —- continuous 25 Sara 's in the front parlor , damp dusting down the room and cabinet . she pull at old build - in wooden cabinet beneath the window . they be stick shut from year of warping and dust . she pull harder - and the wooden door open , revealing a cabinet fill with small frame stack on they side . she pull one out - then another - they be old frame photo - from the teens or twenty by the dress of the people - we recognize the photo - we see they in the credit sequence : - twin boy sit one each on mother and Father 's lap . the child seem stiff and awkward as doll . - a old man in a bed - surround by family who all stare into the camera - only he eye be close . - a mother and new bear infant lie together as if sleep . - a family - mother , Father , Three child . all sit freeze before a paint backdrop of cloud as if seat in Heaven . suddenly Sara recognize what they be - dead people . then look around she and recognize the room she 's stand in - be the same as the room in which the photo be take - she can make out the fade paint over cloud of the heavenly backdrop still visible beneath the fade paint on the wall , and drop the photo on the floor , break the glass . 26 27 28 29 13 . ext . backyard - a beat later 26 Sara bend over the large garbage can out back dump the photo into the garbage can . look around back at the house to make sure Matt have not see she . int . hallway - day 27 in the hall Matt stop by small metal door with a button . he open the door into a small elevator shaft cover inside with what look like century of dust . he peer down into the blackness . he pull a penny from he pocket and drop it down the shaft . we hear it pinging and knocking all the way down ... suddenly a grinding of gear and clanking chain . int . downstair - continuous 28 stepping into the kitchen Sara hear the grind elevator . SARA Matt ? she walk to the stair and peer up to the hallway . SARA ( cont 'd ) Matt ? do you pick a room ? matt ( 0.s. ) yeah . I do . the voice do not come from upstairs . but from downstairs . int . basement - continuous 29 Sara find Matt in the middle of the basement . matt or it pick I . SARA what do you mean , it pick you ? matt I dunno . it 's the med mom . SARA so , which room ? ( Matt gesture , this room ) down here ? 30 31 14 . matt I like it . it 's nice and cool . and best of all , my own private toilet - nobody have to hear I . SARA you do not need to hide from we . matt know everyone can hear I puke just make I feel worse . alright ? Matt try the lock door in the half - glass wall that divide the space . the door be not lock . and the knob turn . but it just will not open . matt ( cont ’d ) what do you think 's back here ? they both have they face press against the glass try to see in . honk and shout from upstairs startle they . peter ( 0.s. ) hello ? anybody home ? int . the house - continuous 30 Matt 's brother billy , 11 , and sister Mary , 7 , race upstairs argue over bedroom . Wendy follow they , give chase . wendy you wait until aunt Sara and uncle Peter tell you where you room be . wait ! you little monster ! ext . the house - moment later 31 Matt and he dad behind the rent u- haul , which be connect to a shiny late model pickup truck - Peter 's pride and joy . Peter 's pull box out of the back . matt Hand I that one . peter no , no — matt peter I can - you might - 32 33 34 15 . matt dad , I be not gonna croak from carry cushion . peter that 's not what I mean . you might scratch my truck . they laugh . Peter lift a chair onto he head and walk inside . Matt follow carry couch cushion . back upstair : 32 Sara lead Wendy into a room down the hall . SARA now I think this room would be a perfect girl 's room . int . bedroom —- continuous 33 the room with the cage bird on the wall . wendy why do you say that ? SARA good light . Nice wall paper . and a big mirror . they both laugh , and as she close the closet door with the mirror on it we see super - brief flash : a young man - wear very old fashioned clothes - stand stare sullenly at they . int . matt 's bedroom - later 34 Peter finish put Matt 's bed together down there . peter a little dark . but hey - I be a teenager once . cool bachelor pad . matt cool pad ? dad , this be the 80' ? peter trust I - the 70 's will be back . ( tries the door ) what 's back here ? 35 16 . matt do not know . we could not open it . peter hmm . lock work fine . knob turn . just must be stick . step back - he really lean into it . nope . just will not open . peter ( cont 'd ) maybe the owner seal it for storage . or the house settle and the door frame 's jamme . they be interrupt by Sara who walk in with mop and bucket . SARA if you be gonna live down here - I need to give it a good wash . you know you immune system be weak . I do not like all this dust . out , out ! Matt and Peter know better than to argue so they leave . int . the basement —- some time later 35 Sara mop the floor of the room . as she move backwards , the glass wall be behind she . Matt come down stair - see he Mom still clean and smile and shake he head - but then he see : behind she it seem he see two figure back there . one a tall thin man . the other , a boy - about Matt 's age . the same sullen boy we glimpse in the mirror upstairs . they be bent over table . work . Matt say nothing but take a step closer and for a second we flash to : in this exact same space a body be exsanguinated , drain of blood . the tall thin man and the boy be embalm a body . hose the blood into a concave ditch that end in a drain . back in the present Matt stifles a scream - he mother hear he and look up from she mop with a smile - SARA honey ? you feel alright ? 36 17 . Matt look up - the mortician be go . he look down at the floor and see a horrific red mess of congeal blood all around she mop . notice nothing Sara lift the mop back into the water - squeeze it out - clear water pour out . Matt blink and see it 's all normal . but when she put the mop back down on the floor : again the water turn a thick coagulate red . matt Mom ! she stop and look up again - a bit annoyed now but try not to show it . SARA what now ? he look at the drip mop - no blood , just water . all normal . and behind the window no figure lean over cadaver . the floor be spotless . matt um , nothing - just , thanks - for clean my room . she give he a peck on the cheek on she way out of the room . Matt linger in the door for a second - look back at he room - dare it to show he something again . ext . backyard - evening 36 tending a barbecue grill , turn to look at Matt - who 's look up at the just appear star in the night sky . Peter see something in Matt 's face . something vulnerable . fearful . angry ? he can not tell . maybe all three . peter I remember when we use to go camp . when you be little . and every night you have fall asleep count the star and could never finish . use to drive you nut . Matt just stare at he . he 's a long way from that kid now . matt yeah . but then I learn . all the star we see be already dead . we just have not get the news . 37 38 18 . Peter , worried , have no reply to that as Matt turn and walk into the house . pass Sara , who be come out with burger bun . Sara see the worried look on Matt 's face , and it be mirrore in she own worried expression . peter something on you mind ? SARA of course there 's something on my mind . there 's always something on my mind . the same as always . int . mary 's room - later that night 37 Mary and Wendy be kneel by the bed - wendy you get you own room - like a big girl - you sure you will not be scared ? mary I do not think so . wendy good . okay , you start . mary now I lay I down to sleep - as we hear the prayer we pan across the shelf above she bed - line with all she stuff animal and doll : include she favorite , a featureless soft thing , wear to almost nothing , impossible to say whether it be once a teddy - bear or rabbit or what . its remain shoe- button eye hang by a string . mary o.s. if I should die before I wake ... we continue out down the hall to the next room where - int . billy room - continuous 38 mary o.s. I pray the Lord my soul to take . billy 's a bit spook . he close he door most of the way . he look in the closet . then check under the bed too . 39 40 19 . ext . the house - that night 39 on this moonless night the darken house loom like a shadow 's shadow . darker than the night itself . int . matt 's bedroom - night 40 Matt in bed , face cover in sweat . his close eye twitch from the force of rapid eye movement . suddenly he sit upright in bed . eye still close . then they snap open . but blank and unsee - stare not merely across the room — but across decade of time past into the glass in room . matt 's Pov : in the next chamber he see a tall thin man - the one he earlier see embalm a body - aickman - who now seem bent over some write on pale parchment . Beyond he the boy , jonah - watch aickman write with a look of grow horror - then look up across the space and lock eye with Matt - and suddenly it be as if Matt can see through jonah 's eye - a_close vision of aickman 's strange write : aliguem mortuum suspiria magical word and symbol fill the screen . thin scratching in red on parchment . arcane word in a ancient language of necromancy . and as we see they , we hear they : aickman ( 0.s. ) aliquem mortuum suspiria , talis ordo tenebrum est . and suddenly we widen to see : aickman be not write on parchment - he be not write at all - he be carve this letter with a thin scalpel directly into the pale flesh of an_ embalm corpse ! aickman ( cont 'd ) .--- per nomina sancta deus ... adonai , Alpha et omega , sabaoth ... see now score of incantation carve upon every inch of the dead white flesh by the thin grey hand of aickman behind he , we glimpse several other body bound in cloth - and from arm and ankle stick out we can see : they too be carve with sign and word . 41 42 43 20 . the boy - jonah - stare horrify - he face a mirror to Matt 's face across the room stare blindly at the strange thing happen right in he bedroom ! and now we understand the shocked look of abject horror in the eye of the boy jonah who see : e.c.u : as aickman 's long finger pull gently on the corpse 's eyelid - stretch the delicate flesh out from the head . and with a horrible snipping sound - we CUT to : int . matt 's bedroom —- continuous 4l Matt 's own eye , for the first time , blink . and he be suddenly awake . he look around - disorient . as if it be all just some horrific , and horrifically detailed , nightmare . he look across the room - to the half glass divider - behind which he see - or dreamt he see - such abominable thing . Matt wipe the sleep from he eye and get closer to the window - he see nothing . he try the door knob . matt ow ! he pull he hand back . and we can see he skin blister - as if he have grab burn metal . ext . the house - morning 42 from the back yard , look at the kitchen window . in the bright summer sun the place look almost homey . Super : July 20th 8:30 be int . kitchen - morning 43 Sara 's make breakfast . Matt 's there too , take plate from a cupboard and put they on the counter . then he get out silverware and carry it back to the dining room . as he start to set the knife and fork around the table , he hear , faint but distinctly , voice . he can not tell at first . 21 . from the wall ? the ceiling ? or be it the floor ? or all of they ? he turn around , no one 's there . shake it out of he mind , Matt walk back to the kitchen - only to find the plate he set out on the counter be go - and they be back in the cupboard where he get they . Sara be at the stove , tend to the egg and pancake . matt why would you put the plate back ? SARA what ? matt I put the plate out and now -- SARA I do not touch they , sweetie . be you okay ? Matt nod , then step back to the cupboard . crash ! he spin , the plate be on the floor , break . Sara hurry over . she also note for the first time he hand - it look burn . SARA ( cont 'd ) I be sorry honey . that be stupid of I . the dish be too heavy for - matt I do not drop they . SARA then how - matt I do not know ! I swear - I - see - Sara touch he forehead , check for fever . SARA Dr. brook say to tell he if you be see thing . he say - matt - I remember what he say . he say if I be see thing - or even think weird thing - it mean they would drop I from the trial . we do not come this far , turn we life upside down , move house , just to call it all off . 44 22 . SARA but if you be - matt no Mom . it 's nothing . I be not see thing . I swear . nothing 's wrong . really . I be just tired . I remember now - I just leave they sit too close to the edge . SARA well , alright . but you tell I if anything like that happen again . promise ? matt promise . sorry I break the dish . SARA that 's alright sweetie . you grandmother use to kiss I when I break a plate or a glass . Said it mean something worse will not happen . int . dr . brooks 's office - day 44 with Sara and Matt there , the Doctor , wear latex glove , gingerly probe the peel skin on Matt 's hand . dr . brooks his skin may well turn black . start peel off . perfectly normal . it 's a bit early . but that could be a good sign . he pull a thermometer out of Matt 's mouth . dr . brooks no fever - excellent . less nausea ? good . even a bit of appetite . outstanding . and no visual or auditory hallucination or other behavioral abnormality ? she 's silent for a beat . the Doctor look up at she , and at Matt . Matt look at she - worried she 's go to mention this morning ... dr . brooks anything ? she hesitates for a beat , but only a beat . 45 45 a 23 . SARA no , no . sorry I be just distract . he 's fine , I guess . consider . Matt nod in agreement . dr . brooks excellent . then we can continue to stage two . int . chemotherapy room - day 45 Matt sit in a room eith six barcalounger face six tele - vision . each chair attach to one of the module which control the chemo . some of the people , all in street clothes , in the other five chair have already lose they hair . some still look robust . some will die , and soon . in the chair next to he a strangely young pair of eye peer curiously out of a older man 's face - popescu . Matt hear a scrabbling sound and look down at the floor to the right of he chair and see with a jolt : a large black crab scuttle across the floor and scramble under the chair . Matt look around - no one else seem to have notice . he lean over and try to see under the chair . nothing . and before he can sit back up a black claw whip out and close on the soft part of he forearm -— and he scream -— nurse ( 0.s. ) now that do not hurt . reveal we be : int . chemotherapy room - day 45 a a nurse pull a needle out of he arm as Matt snap awake in the chemo room . the old man , popescu , lay a reassure hand on he arm lean in conspiratorially close : popescu you be dream . matt what ? oh. yeah . 24 . popescu and breathe heavy . which of course can mean either a very bad dream . or a very good one . which be it ? matt I have have better . his eye seem to look right into Matt - spread a kind of warmth as they do . matt ( cont ’d ) sometimes lately - it 's be hard . popescu what ? matt to tell which be a dream . popescu be we man dream we be butterfly ? or butterfly dream we be man ? matt do you ever ... popescu what ? matt I dunno , see thing ? hear thing . thing that ... be not - that can not be - there ? popescu make a zipping gesture at he lip - and turn a invisible key and toss it away . popescu do not ever tell they you can see thing . they will not understand . when my wife be die - the whole last day - I sit there praying and cry . she never once look at I . just look all around she - as if at all the other in the room - but we be alone . or so I think . now I know better . she be where we be . in the valley . 46 47 25 . matt the Valley ? popescu of the shadow of death . and you know what to do when you find yourself in the valley of the shadow of death ? matt what ? popescu easy . fear no evil . he hand Matt a card : fr. Nicholas popescu . popescu if you need to talk , call I . any time . int . house - night 46 the child all asleep , Sara 's still awake at a table cover in bill and insurance form . she 's on the phone talk to Peter : SARA right , this be gonna be free . sixty buck for five pill ... no , that they 's 1ll cover . but not the follow-up ... the blue one for the nausea ? yes . but the pink one that stop he feel restless because of the blue one ?... I try , Peter . I be on hold for a hour ! int . matt 's bedroom - later that night 47 Matt lie in bed . toss . groaning . he wake , raise he head and search the room - nothing - or ... this be so like one of he dream . be he asleep ? he look down at he arm — and pinch himself - hard . awake , he sit up and look at the glass wall across the room . be there a shape in there ? look harder . yes. definitely . around he size - a bit smaller - stand just the other side of the glass . the shadow move in the other chamber to the door . Matt look at the door . it slowly swing open . 48 49 26 . Matt stare into the widen blackness - he stand up - shaky - and move towards the door - and into the darkness . for a moment we see through the glass : two figure face each other . int . matt 's bedroom - the next morning 48 billy ( 0.s. ) Matt ? where be you ? Matt ? billy come down the stair . but the bedroom be empty . matt in here . then billy see - the open door to the other room . billy whoa . how have you get in there ? and we see it really be not a dream . the door be open . int . embalming chamber - continuous 49 from billy 's Pov , we get we first good look inside there . billy what be this place ? matt hop on . Matt 's stand behind a heavy stainless steel gurney - practically gleam consider how old it be . matt ( cont ’d ) take you for a ride . billy get on . Matt pull he roughly - so he 's flat on it . Matt start turn it around - faster and faster . as he do - he see - while spin around - glimpsis of aickman and jonah remove a body from a coffin . the coffin then fill not with a body , but with sandbag , and re-seal shut . he seem oblivious to he brother who 's hold on to the gurney which Matt be turn faster and faster . billy Matt - slow down - Matt ! stop ! 50 27 . peter ( 0.s. ) ( descend the stair ) dammit , what be go on down here ? Matt stop . billy nearly throw from the gurney . billy what 's the matter with you ? matt sorry . as they dad step into the bedroom and see the open door . peter I guess I loosen it , eh? ( enter the room ) what the hell ... about three foot from the floor , along all four wall run a continuous shelf about three foot in width . in a corner there 's a dull porcelain embalm table . pile of old yellow toe tag next to a dusty glass embalming pump . creepy old embalming tool , trochar , big metal syringe scattered on the shelf . Old rust -stain porcelain sink . then the clincher : a old bottle label formaldehyde . peter ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) well now we know why the rent be so cheap . the question be - int . master bedroom - later 50 Peter bear down on Sara , who 's try to avoid face he . peter - what do you know and when the hell do you know it ? Jesus ! SARA ( react to he anger ) know what ? peter what this place be . be not you the one who say we can not live on lie ? SARA yeah . but that be because you be a drunk . and a liar . 28 . he have like to return fire but Peter calm himself , accept it . peter right . but I be not now . thanks to you . and the child . and that 's not how we work . right ? SARA I know . I be sorry . I should have tell you . I just - we need some place . and it just seem perfect . like a gift from God . 51 ext . cemetery - sunset 51 Wendy and Matt on a walk , approach a foot entrance to the cemetery near they house . Matt gesture , let 's go in . wendy you sure ? matt yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I shall fear no evil . for I be the baddest mutha in the valley . they walk in past victorian mortuary sculpture , blacken and moss cover . walk slowly between row of older puritan stone monument bear only a simple winge skull and some even older , rubbed blank by the scour wind of time . Matt look across the cemetery to where a small group in period attire stand around a open grave where a coffin be lower into the ground while the minister say he last and mourner toss handfuls of dirt . minister ( far off voice ) '' I be the first and the last : I be he that liveth , and be dead ; and behold , I be alive for evermore , amen ; and have the key of hell and of death ... " Matt turn back to Wendy who bend to smell wild flower . he look back up at the funeral - but there be no funeral . just a empty cemetery where he and Wendy be the only - live - people present . he shudder and rub he eye . wendy you alright ? 29 . matt yeah . sure . they walk past old headstone that look ready to tip over . matt you ever ask yourself , what 's the point ? wendy the point of what ? matt anything . do anything . be anything . you just end up here anyway . why be alive at all ? Matt make a cynical snort that startles Wendy . Matt suddenly and viciously kick a totter tombstone , knock it flat . he 's about to kick another one , to kick they all over if he can . but Wendy grab Matt , and hold he . wendy I use to wonder about that . I would lie awake at night - just hearing my parent yell . seem like day and night all they do be curse at each other . some night I think he have kill she . other time I wish they have kill each other . or I . just to stop the hate . he look at she - for a brief moment lift out of he pain . wendy ( cont ’d ) but then I move in with you guy . I realize it do not have to be that way . I do not know what happen when we die . if anything happen . but I know what can happen when you be alive . you can love . and be love . and every minute you be one or the other ... 52 int . dine room - night 52 at the table , the whole family be sit down for a meal . wendy ( 0.s. ) -.. be a gift . 53 30 . Matt just look around at he loving family . Wendy 's word echoing in he ear . there 's a lot of chatter and pass dish . then Peter quiet everybody down . peter okay , so , everyone know now this use to be a funeral home . Big deal . it 's not anymore , and have not be for year and year . it 's just a house . brick , nail , wood . and it 's we house for the rest of the summer . until Matt 's finish at the hospital . we be all under pressure and we all have to pull together , like a team . okay ? he hold out he hand - and they all join hand . and the instant they do - it 's as if they have form some kind of electrical circuit and_a_ strange current jolt Matt - peter ( cont 'd ) who want to say grace ? Matt ? they all look at Matt . who be stare behind they - beyond they - as if there be other in the room . SARA Matt , you alright ? he 's not alright . he 's not even there any more ... he be : int . parlour - 1927 53 the same parlor where they now sit - but now it be array for a different sort of ritual . six people seat around the circular table , hold hand . holding a seance . aickman , eye light with a uncanny fire , stand behind the circle . move around the table and see they face : skeptical , nervous , mournful , other nearly joyful . - and at the end of the circle we come to the boy , jonah ... - in whose pale impassive face only the liquid green eye show anything at all : abject dread . we circle around they faster and faster - sometimes from in front of they face - sometimes from behind they head - the candle light throw fantastic shadow - dizzy we - with the sway and the sing - and the movement - 52b 54 31 . suddenly stop : the table begin to tremble beneath they finger - the leg rattling against the floor . int . dine room - continuous 52b peter ( 0.s. ) Matt ! angle on Matt who look up in mirror and see not himself but jonah stare back at he . peter ( cont 'd ) Matt ! Matt suddenly focus on they . and see that of course they do not see what he see . he giggle . weirdly . it 's that or scream at the top of he lung . peter ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you ? Matt can not stop laugh . he 's hysterical . Mary start to cry - and billy stare at he brother on the verge of it - peter ( cont 'd ) ( fiercer ) Matt - SARA peter. please . it 's the medicine . Wendy gently step over to Matt . matt do you see ..? but he do not finish the sentence - because he can see that she do not - that none of they - see what he see . he just shake he head sadly and allow himself to be lead out of the room - and downstairs - to he room . int . basement - a beat later 54 she sit next to he on the bed . wendy what happen up there ? matt I - nothing . 32 . wendy you see thing ? matt no . I be not see thing . I can not be . wendy what do you mean ? matt if I be see thing - they have stop the treatment . wendy so what happen ? he want to tell she but he can not , outright . so he try the only way he can . matt you remember that book when we be kid ? with the weird picture ? we use to love that one . '' the man who be not there . '' wendy I do . I do remember . matt ' as I be walkin ' up the stair / I see a man who be not there / he be not there again today . 's matt / wendy ' oh how I wish he would go away 's they laugh . she look at he tenderly . matt remember the other one ? wendy no - maybe , which one ? matt ' one bright day in the middle of the night . two dead boy get up to fight . back to back they face one another . Drew they sword and shot each other ... 55 33 . he look over she shoulder - to the glass divider - where someone else seem to be stand look back in - matt ( cont ’d ) 'o .. a deaf policeman hear the noise . he come and kill that two dead boy . 's he seem even now to be see past she - to someplace , or someone not there ... wendy Matt , you be scare I . he turn back to she , he skin go a whiter shade of pale . matt join the club . ext . the driveway - night 55 Sara hold Peter beside he truck . peter before he get sick , we be already in over we head . now we be headin’ for the bottom of the pool . I be just sorry you have to work . we move out here so you would not have to be go all the time . SARA it 's easier than drive he be . and besides . we need the money . peter we gotta get through the summer . then Matt 'il be fine . and business will pick up before Christmas . SARA do you have to go back tonight ? peter if I be not there to open in the morning and if we do not meet the minimum day open we might as well - she stop he with a kiss . SARA I know . I be proud of you . 56 57 58 59 34 . peter of I ? for what ? SARA for work so hard . and for keep you promise . all of they . int . wendy'' room - night 56 Wendy be painting she toenail , cottonballs between they . slowly , she begin to feel there be a presence behind she . but when she turn : no one be there . int . truck - on the road - later 57 Peter drive by a road house . then stop and pull over . turn around . and pull in . he sit in the car in front of the bar . look up at the Rolling rock beer sign flash on and off . his hand reach for the door - then stop . instead , he start the truck again and pull back out into the road . promise . int . the house - upstair hallway - night 58 Sara come out of she room to go to the kitchen for a glass of water . we follow Sara down the stair and around a corner - where we see a shade lurking - - Sara round the corner - and gasp out loud . but it 's not a ghost ; just Matt stand blankly against the wall in a black t-shirt and black sweat . he seem somehow barely there . SARA what be you do ? he do not respond . she see he 's out of it , and just lead he back to he room . SARA come on , back to bed ... int . kitchen - afternoon 59 the kid , include Wendy , eat lunch . Super : August lst 12:30 p.m. 60 61 60b 35 . Matt 's skin , recently so red , have turn to black scale , even on he face . he nibble a sandwich while Wendy rub a soothing cream on he neck and arm . billy and Mary take turn shaking and check a silvery '' krystal Ball '' ( a toy '' oracle '' ) . through a small window one see a 20 - sided die with stock answer print on each side float in fluid . ) billy be Mary a total goon ? '' oh yes ! '' Mary grab it from he . mary be billy a poop head ? '' but of course , my dear ! '' SARA okay , cut it out . I gotta go to work . you have my number . Wendy 's in charge , so you listen to she ! matt if you do not then you deal with I . he extend he blacken arm like he be frankenstein or some creature from a lagoon . the little one giggle . Sara , behind Matt , kiss he on top of the head , look at Wendy , both of they relieved for now he 's still the old Matt . int . stairwell - later 60 Matt cover he eye and count ... matt 56 - 57 - 58 - quick glimpse : 61 Mary climb into a cabinet beneath the sink in the kitchen ; billy squeeze into a storage space at the base of the stair ; Wendy hide behind the thick parlor curtain . int . stairwell - continuous 60b Matt finish - matt 59 - 60 . he move slow and awkwardly - but he 's try . 62 63 36 . int . upstair - continuous 62 he look down the hallway . matt ready or not ... see a couple of the bedroom door open - step up to the doorway of the first one which be - int . wendy'' bedroom - continuous 63 - the one with the fade birdcage wall paper . at the edge of the open door he glimpsis a shadow move inside ... matt ..- here I come ! Inside the room , for a instant we see the wall paper un - fade - as Matt push open the room expect to see one of he sibling or he cousin - but instead see : jonah , gather meagre belonging - stuff they into a pillow case . before a speechless Matt can react - jonah walk right past he into the hallway ! Matt spin - but there be no one in the hallway - he turn back to the room - it too be empty - and the wall paper be once again fade and peel . Matt breathes and collect himself . shake it off - and try to continue the game . Matt step back into the hall and see out of the corner of he eye : someone move down the stair . matt now I gotcha . he pad quietly to the stair and look down the railing in time to see : move as silently as possible , try to avoid every creak of wood , jonah sneak down the stair - Matt hurry downstairs follow he , but when he get there - there be no one . 64 65 66 67 37 . int . downstair - continuous 64 Matt peer into the parlor , through mottle glass . it 's empty - then he hear a sound behind he - like a doorknob turn - he spin back to the hall - towards the front door and see : jonah at the door - he hand on the door knob - slowly turn , quietly ease the front door open ... Matt 's about to cry out - when he see a big grey hand slap the back of jonah 's neck - and another grab he by the hair . it 's the tall thin man , aickman . jonah twist and struggle as aickman drag he back - right past the wide - eye Matt . Matt open he mouth to say something - to scream but no sound come out - as he see the ghostly figure disappear down the basement stair ... int . various - continuous 65 each of the other in they hide place . try to hold they breath and not make a sound . int . matt 's bedroom —- continuous 66 Matt come down the basement stair and see across he own room to the other chamber and , for just a instant , see : jonah surround by shroud corpse . then the door slam shut on its own , block Matt 's view ... the game be forget now - Matt race the few step from the stair across he bedroom to the divide wall door - and throw it open and see : int . mortuary chamber - past & present continuous 67 it be not the empty room we have see but the active embalm chamber it once be : blood stain tool . bucket of blood - bottle of reek fluid . and gurney with cover corpse . as he step into the room - the door slam behind he - he spin and try the door - but it 's lock - he can hear sound from behind he - but be too terrify to turn around - he hear the sound of shroud slip from body - slowly Matt turn around - all the breath slip from he lung , the blood drain from he face as he try to understand what he see : 68 67b 69 38 . he be now be jonah be - trap - alone - seal in a room with the defile , engrave corpse . all the body be inscribe with the incantation . and worse they seem like human candle - they feature flicker between the state in which they die - the embalm look , and they face inscribe with aickman 's spindly red handiwork . think he see one of the body actually move , Matt back towards the door , hyperventilate in terror . upstair : 68 the kid run from they hide place at the sound of Matt scream downstairs - they all run to the basement stair . int . embalming chamber - continuous 67b Matt trap between the press dead - they lidless eye stare wide - they lipless mouth press at he ear - they nail - less hand paw at he - matt for God 's sake - just as the other three run into the room - matt ( cont ’d ) - leave I alone !! but they think he 's yell at they - since there 's no one else there . billy look disgust , while Mary bury she face in Wendy - who just shake she head at she cousin . wendy it 's okay . let 's go . she sweep the little one away with she back upstairs . Matt look back : the ghost be go , leave he utterly alone . int . kitchen - later 69 Matt press the phone to he ear and nervously clutches something in he hand - Old fr. popescu 's card . matt I do not know who else to talk to . 70 39 . ext . ST benedict / old churchyard - late afternoon 70 the last light of day illuminate a old Catholic church - yard . the church itself be shutter . and weed have grow over the small plot of grave at its edge . popescu ( 0.s. ) they say there be not enough parishioner to make it worth the upkeep . but I think they know I have never move to another parish - so it be the easiest way of put I out to pasture . we find Matt - and the old priest , popescu , near a large stone angel whose moss cover eye seem to weep black tear . popescu she love this spot . this angel who weep black tear .... after the cremation I walk around here for hour - pocket fill with ash - send she back home to the sky . Matt follow the old man 's gaze - up into a impassive grey sky as if he could see she ash swirl upward in the wind . popescu ( cont ’d ) tell you a secret . there be no heaven . no hell . no separate place way up there or way down there . matt I see why they retire you . popescu yes , well . I do not stop believe . sometimes I think they do . see , it 's all here . all right here . matt here ? popescu all around we . all the time . the live and the dead . but invisible to every one . or almost every one . we be not like other people anymore . most people spend all they life firmly in this world - then one day they go straight to the other side . ( more ) 71 72 73 40 . popescu ( cont 'd ) some of we - we take a more roundabout path - spend quite a lot of time in the border land . and who know - when you pass this close to the next world - maybe we see across the border . maybe not . either way only one thing matter . matt what ? popescu like I tell you : fear no evil . be fearless . and open . matt open ? popescu this be you destiny . the light and the dark . I know it 's not easy . have you ever see a smile Saint ? beat . matt so what do I do ? ext . the house - night 71 the house paint by sickly yellow moonlight . popescu ( 0.s. ) find out what he want from you . int . matt 's bedroom —- continuous 72 Matt asleep . a candle light beside he throw a huge shadow on the wall . but it be not he shadow . not a shadow at all . it 's jonah . it almost look as if the dead boy be bent over whisper to a sleep Matt . int . mini - mart - night 73 Sara sit behind a glass window at the cash register . suddenly a demon press its face against the glass . Sara shriek . it 's not a demon but a guy guy on pcp . Sara shrink back as security appear and usher the man out of the store . 74 75 76 77 78 79 41 . int . hallway - night 74 creaking of step . the basement step door open . matt step up out of the basement stair - and into the hall . he walk eye open but unsee . like a sleepwalker . ext . the convenience store - night 75 Sara finish the 5 to 1 shift , and be just now drive home . ext . the house - later that night 76 the house - strangely light from within by weirdly flicker light - look like a lunatic 's grimace face as Sara pull up the drive and slump exhaust at the wheel . int . the house - a beat later 77 she step quickly but quietly into the house . that strange flicker light pervade the whole place . int . parlour - a beat later 78 and then she see why - a roaring fire in the fireplace on this hot summer night . that 's not all . every candle in the house have be find , and light - include many along the wall , and dangerously close to the drape ; some of the drape be already burn . and the paint on one wall have begin to blacken and peel beneath the combine heat of all the candle line up there . Sara quickly bat the fire out of the drape . and then she smell it . Gas . she follow the smell - to int . kitchen - continuous 79 at the threshold of the room - the center of the smell - she stare : Matt stand like a statue in the middle of the room - a candle be burn down to only a few inch - the kitchen be light only by the candle hold in the stiff hand of she son . his fist be cover in melt wax - he skin sear - but no reaction . 42. Sara blow out the candle , then run over to the stove - put out the burner and turn off the oven . she throw open all the window . SARA Matt ! Matt !? what 's go on in here ? but no response from Matt . int . house - a beat later 80 she rush upstairs to the other kid 's room . Wendy already out of she room , in the hall , she hear the commotion . SARA get the kid - outside - now - now ! int . parlor - a beat later 81 she run in carry a bucket of water from the kitchen - she throw most of it on the drape , some still smolder - then toss some on the candle everywhere - blow the other out - all this time Matt still sit unmove - oblivious to it all . int . kitchen - continuous 82 she run back to the kitchen . grab Matt 's hand but he will not move . nothing will rouse he . she slap he - hard across the face - nothing . no reaction . again . nothing . now with all she strength she slap he again - and he blink - and be awake - ext . outside the house - a beat later 83 the kid be mystify . all talk at once - they have no idea what happen . Sara stare at Matt . he look back at she . SARA what be you do ? matt I - I do not know . I remember lie in bed . and next thing I remember be you slapping I in the kitchen . SARA you kid go back to bed . Wendy ... Wendy herd the kid inside . Sara remain look at Matt . 84 85 43. SARA ( cont 'd ) you could have kill they all . and yourself . be that what you be try to do ? kill yourself ? matt no , Mom - I swear - Sara 's about to blow she stack , but when she look at he he seem so weak and vulnerable , she hold herself back . he notice she stare at he , and misinterprets it . matt I know - I look horrible - I - SARA no ! it 's not that . I could never care how you look . you be my son , I love you . it 's how you be act . all this skulking around - scare the other ... talk to I mattie . tell I what 's go on . he just shake he head - like she could never understand . and walk alone back into the house . int . SARA 's bedroom - later - on the phone with peter 84 she 's fragile , exhaust and on the verge of a fight . SARA he could have burn the house down . int . basement of new york house - same time 85 Peter 's in the basement at a makeshift office - table cover in invoice , bill , and threaten collection notice . and page of inventory and other work papers . peter you sure you be not ... exaggerate ? SARA you do not see it , you be not here . as usual . peter what do you want from I !? I can not be in two place at once ! 84a 86 44 , SARA ( apologetic ) I know . it 's just . hard . peter do you want I to talk to he ? int . SARA and peter 's bedroom - continuous 84a SARA no. no . it 's okay . I better go . this be expensive . she hang up the phone and sit there - feel completely alone . she open the small drawer of the bedside table and pull out some rosary bead . she begin to pray ... SARA we Father , who art in Heaven ... but she stop . unable to continue the prayer . she close she eye to concentrate . but then just shake she head , stick the rosary back into the drawer . and turn out the light . ext . house - day 86 Matt - face blacken , hair patchy - be be help out of the minivan by Sara . look closer at Matt , as Sara help he to the front door , it 's more than hair he 's lose . it look like he will to live be not there anymore , either . SARA can you just stand here a minute babe ? I leave my purse in the car . matt sure . I be fine . he stand at the doorway , sway a bit . he put he hand out to grab the door frame of the house to steady himself - but instead of find solid wall he finger sink into rot and he pull a fist full of rancid material from the house - - he look down in he hand at a handful of rotted meat with white maggot squirming in it . SARA ( 0.s. ) Matt ? 87 88 89 45 . he look back at he mother , then down at he hand . it be empty . the only thing be the blacken and peel of he own skin . he look at the house . everything look fine . ext . the house - evening 87 the sun be just set behind the house . the sky be on fire . Super : August 10th . 6:30 p.m. int . the house - continuous 88 everyone 's in the kitchen , finish a quick dinner . SARA I wish you have go with we . matt hey , I be alright . I - be not use to the med . I be fine now . she just look at he . matt I be not gonna burn the house down , alright ? SARA I know that , honey . wendy you just need to get out more . matt why ? they all look away - do not know how to face he bitterness . Sara impulsively hug he - fiercely . Matt wince in pain . SARA sorry . I just love you so much . matt like the man say . Love hurt . int . the basement - later 89 Matt 's listen to Joy division - Love will tear we apart . reading a music magazine . put it down . too sick to read . 90 91 46 . as he lower the magazine jonah 's face be inch from he . Matt gasp . he can not move or even breathe from terror . the two face so similar - both blacken - and gaunt - for a moment it 's almost as if Matt be look into a mirror . only jonah 's intense GREEN eye distinguish they . within he terror Matt try to act on popescu 's ' fear no evil . 's to muster all he courage . matt wh-wh - what do you want from I ? suddenly there be a tremendous SOUND of thousand of piece of glass break . follow by the even louder SOUND of the whole house destroy , like a bunker buster bomb hit it . Matt close he eye in the noise of the blast . when he open they - jonah 's go . Matt crawl out of bed and up the stair as fast as he weak , nauseate body allow . he warily look out from the basement stairwell - expect to see the house in ruin . but everything be fine . absolutely normal . Matt be queasy . out of breath . tremble . ext . the house - later that night 90 Sara and the kid arrive home . int . house —- same 91 Sara step first into the kitchen , as the kid walk past she into the live room . she drop she purse on a counter and reach for the tea pot and a packet of tea when she 's stop by the audible gasp of the child . she turn to see into the live room - she can only see they back huddle together - not what they see , what they gasped at . she walk forward slowly and as they separate to let she in she see : the room 's be take apart and rearrange - but seemingly by a very strong , and rather obsessive , madman . someone have gather all the room 's wooden furniture - and pile it as if prepare a bonfire . all in a pyramid , the chair and table balanced intricately on each other . a single breath would send it all crash down . 92 47 . they stand there - not dare to breathe for fear it will all come crash down , and then they hear it . a scratching sound from the other side of the pile . they can not see the far wall of the room - block entirely by the pile in the middle . Sara wave the other to stay back and she carefully make she way around the pile to see what be on the other side of the room make the scratching and mewling sound ... and then she do see - and she eye widen - Sara 's Pov : Matt . slump against the wall . the wallpaper along the wall be shred . the wood itself tear and fray . and spatter with blood . Matt 's hand be a mess . his finger rag bloody pulp , he nail literally tear from he finger - he 's be scratch through the wall with he finger like he be bury alive . and then he speak - in a voice distinctly not he own : matt / jonah please Sir - they want out ... for the sake of the other Sara literally shove she fist into she mouth to stifle she scream ... dr . brooks ( 0.s. ) odd autonomic behavior . hallucination . sleepwalk . delirium . mood shift . int . dr . brooks 's office - day 92 a perplex Dr. brook meet with Sara and Peter . dr . brooks you really should have tell I . it could have be a sign it 's move to the brain . tumor cause hallucination , delusion , sudden change in behavior and the drug might have exacerbate they . Sara and Peter visibly react to this . dr . brooks ( cont ’d ) but it 's alright . Matt 's mri 's be all clear . he have no brain tumor . whatever cause the behavior , or hallucination , it be not that . 48 . SARA I be afraid he 'il lose he mind before he can get better . he can see the worry in they weary eye . dr . brooks this be the crucial time . he 's have a complete round of treatment now . by the trial protocol we can not give he anymore . and I do not think he body could tolerate it . SARA so what do we do now ? dr . brooks we wait and see . he 's still a great candidate for this treatment . Age count enormously . and attitude . peter attitude ? he feel like shit all the time . he look like hell . no one want to get near he . his own family be afraid of he . how 's he gonna have the power of positive think on he side ? dr . brooks there 's a number of good drug . it 's quite common for cancer patient to take something for anxiety or depression . peter that 's it ? just more prescription ? what 's the point ? dr . brooks the point be not to let he attitude interfere with the medicine . make sure he get well . the rest will work itself out . peter and if it do not ? dr . brooks if thing do not improve you might want to consider residential care . perhaps until he 's feel better . 93 49 , SARA '' residential care ? '' peter he mean commit he . SARA it 's bad enough he 's so sick - you be suggest we put he away ? dr . brooks I be just make sure you know you option . and remember ... ext . back yard - same time 93 pale and weak , Matt play catch with billy . dr . brooks ( 0.s. ) he 's not you only child . they be just toss it lightly . Matt 's too weak for anything more . in fact he miss a easy toss . the ball roll away from he towards the house . billy start to run after it - but Matt frustrated yell - matt no . I get it . he hobble over to the ball . bend so he head be right beside the lower window and hear a pounding on the window ! Matt stumble back - away from the window . nearly fall . and we see why - in the window - jonah - blacken and open mouth - silently scream at Matt . billy what be it ? matt can not you see he ? billy look at he big brother - not want to believe he 's crazy or lose it . Matt turn from billy 's face back to the house - and we see Matt 's Pov : jonah 's sullen , silent face look out from the window with eye fill with pain . billy search all the window of the house . 94 50 . billy I do not see anyone ! I do not ! with all he strength Matt fling the ball at a window , smash it . he grab and turn billy , to steer he eye . matt there . face all black - and scream - and horrible - billy look at he brother - it 's like Matt 's describe himself at that moment . matt ( cont ’d ) can not you see he !? billy no ! I can not . get off of I ! he spin and all too easily knock Matt down - that 's the most horrible part - he once strong big brother drop like a sack of dry leave as Wendy come run out of the house . wendy what be you do ! billy stop , you be hurt he ! billy he - wendy what ?! billy look down at he older brother , someone he look up to , who now seem so shrivel and weak . billy nothing . we be just fool around . Matt throw a silent look of thanks to he young brother . but billy do not nod back . he just hurry towards the house to put distance between he and Matt . Wendy reach out to help Matt up . he ignore she . crawl back to he foot . ext . hospital - same time 94 finish with Dr brook , Sara and Peter exit together . but silent . lose in they own thought and fear . they pause at the hospital parking lot - separate vehicle . he 's not by he truck - but a small bang up little car . 95 96 95b 96b 51 . SARA where 's the truck , in the shop ? peter I sell it . SARA you what ? why do not you tell I ? peter I just do . paid the last round of bill and this month 's mortgage . but hey like Doc say , attitude ! she watch he go . not at all sure about he ' attitude 's . or hers for that matter . int . SARA 's bedroom - that night 95 breathes , to pull herself together . she pick up a book from she bedside table , of uplift affirmation . she read they one by one - out loud - as she do - we cut back and forth between she - and Peter back in New York . SARA '' I now put my body into a peak state of absolute certainty know that I can create any positive result that I be commit to . '' int . new york house - basement - night 96 Peter have he head in hand at the table . beaten . in sara' bedroom : 95b SARA '' whenever I set a definite goal , I take immediate action towards its attainment to create and sustain massive momentum . '' back in new york : 96b Peter have a old slide projector in the basement . the room in total darkness . then with a whir and a click - a freeze moment of family happiness past . 52 . 95 cc in sara' bedroom : 95c Sara 's cry as she continue she ' affirmation 's . SARA '' I now relive the most joyous moment of my life . '' '' 96c back in new york : 96c Peter fight cry , as scene from happier day unfold in the succession of freeze moment punctuate by darkness and the whirring and shifting of the automatic slide mechanism . on screen : Matt as a little boy leap off a picnic table he superman cape stream back behind he - as if he be fly not fall . SARA ( 0.s . ) '' and this moment inspire I to great confidence and a great feel of self - worth . '' suddenly - the old slide mechanism catch on dust . the slide stick half in and out throw the image at a disturbing angle . Peter try to grab the slide and burn he hand try to get it out and in frustration knock the projector onto the floor where it lie still throw a now sideways image of old family happiness against the wall . 97 int . kitchen - continuous 97 Peter open the freezer door . it 's fill with freeze dinner , leftover , and ice - he shove he hand into the pile of ice . to cool the burn . then shove thing out of the way - digging through the ice till he find - a freeze bottle of vodka . he stare at it . while we hear still hear Sara 's voice - and she affirmation - SARA ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) '' I be now fearless , courageous , and bold . fill with faith , certainty and confidence . I now create and feel this emotion in my body . '' 98 96d 99 100 53. ext . the new york house - late night 98 there 's a light on in the basement , though all the other house around it be dark , everyone on the block be asleep . except for Peter . before we see he , we can hear he . int . new york house - basement - same 96d Peter 's down there play a old electric guitar - get the sense he be in a garage band back in the day . he 's play some heavy metal riff , or perhaps some old allman Brothers , like '' Midnight Rider '' . he look way too intense do it . the reason be - next to he on a table - stand that fifth of vodka he find earlier in the freezer . it 's empty now , and he be thoroughly shit-face . suddenly one of the guitar 's wire string snap and nearly hit he in the eye . enrage , Peter start to smash he guitar , the table , smash anything he can get he hand on - in a rage against he fate , he son 's fate , enraged at a God who could let a innocent boy suffer as Matt be suffer . ext . the house - day 99 Bright hot summer light cast deep black shadow . int . parlour - day 100 Inside . Wendy 's read on the couch . the two young one fight over a board game . they turn imploringly to Wendy . billy we be bored . mary please play a game with we . wendy why do not you ask Matt ? they remain silent , uncomfortable . matt ( 0.s. ) yeah . why do not you ask Matt . Matt be stand in the doorway . who know how long . 101 102 101b 54 . wendy be you alright ? matt outstanding . Wendy do not like the look in he eye . or the grim tone of he voice . and clearly the kid do not either . they be stand nervously on the verge of tear . wendy ok , c’mon you guy . i’1l count to 30 . and let 's see if you can find some new hide place this time . the littler one run upstairs . Matt 's still stand there , stare . his face have a odd cast to it . head bent , one eye raise a bit above the other : he almost look like jonah . wendy ( cont ’d ) Matt ? ( no response ) Matt ? Matt turn and walk back out of the room , down to he lair . int . hallway - continuous 101 billy race past Mary . both head straight for the little elevator door in the hallway . but billy 's already in there . mary there 's room for I too . billy find you own place . he pull the door shut . int . elevator - continuous 102 uncomfortably tight and dark in there . just crack of light . int . hallway - continuous 101b Mary run in and out of the room . wendy ( 0.s. ) 28-29-30 . ready or not here I come . 103 101¢c 104 103b 101d 104b 101e 55 . then Mary look to the end of the hall - the attic stair . a short flight up to a shorten door . and the door be open . giggle , she race up the stair on little cat foot . int . attic - a beat later 103 sound of little footstep . something seem to be run in the far back of the attic as Mary open the door and enter . that same extreme of dark and light from outside - but here with darkness win and just a few shaft of high hot light through dust . int . hallway - continuous 101 '' Wendy come up the stair - not in any hurry to find any one . int . elevator - continuous 104 billy 's try to make no noise - but it 's dark - and stuffy - and a little scary in there . it seem for a instant like there 's something else in there - something behind he . int . attic - continuous 103b Mary 's tiptoeing into the back of the little attic . look for a good hide place . the section of the floor in the rear be so rotten it just dissolves . Mary scream as she leg break through the rotted floor - int . hallway - continuous 101d Wendy hear the scream from the attic . int . elevator - continuous 104b billy see something behind he : he 's share the elevator with jonah . he scream in terror . int . hallway - continuous 101e hear the scream , Wendy yank the door open and billy come tumble out of the empty elevator . billy I see - there be - 105 103c 56 . but another scream from the attic cut he off - and Wendy bolt down the hall and up the attic stair . int . matt 's bedroom —- continuous 105 Matt hear too . and make he way upstairs as fast as he can . int . attic - a beat later 103c Wendy run in . the door slam shut behind she . plung the attic back to near total darkness but for the shaft of dust strewn light from crack and narrow window . she can not see well , have to mostly feel with she hand - she find Mary 's leg but not before she hand break through wood so rotten you can see spider and silver fish crawl in it . Matt come in follow by billy . he hurry to where he sister and cousin be . wendy be careful . floor must be rotten . matt rotten ? where ? as he walk he test the floor and gesture it 's all fine . wendy well here for sure . where Mary 's leg fall through . Matt walk to that spot - see a small circle be fetid and rotting . he look up at the ceiling above that spot . matt the floor 's fine everywhere except here . no sign of a leak . weird . why should only this spot be rotten ? Matt gently pull Mary 's leg free . he look down at the hole he sister 's foot make . and see something down there . he reach in - and pull out a metal box and a sheaf of thick papers stuff in a bulg rotting leather notebook . Wendy open the box , glance , then immediately slam it shut . matt / billy /mary what ? she look at Matt . her face drain of color . 106 67c 107 57 . matt ok . game over . he shoos the little kid out . int . parlor - night 106 after the kid be asleep . Matt and Wendy sit at the table . in front of they be the cigar box and the notebook . we have see this before . when aickman be inscribe the corpse . in the cigar box - a mass of small photo - mourn card feature the photo of the decease . many coffin shot : Old people . Middle - age people . kid . Babies even . lying there on satin , all peaceful and serene and dead . there 's more than a hundred of the business - card size photo . and something else too - the box be nearly fill with what at first appear to be dead moth . wendy what be this ? Matt pick one up - flash CUT to : aickman 's long finger pull gently on a corpse 's eyelid . matt I do not know . he drop the little thing back into the box . then pull out the memorial card . spread they out in front of he - flash CUT to : matt 's horrific experience before in the embalming room : 67c Matt / jonah trap between the press dead - they lidless eye stare wide - they lipless mouth press at he ear - they nail - less hand paw at he - we recognize some of this torment face as identical to the memorial card . back in the present : 107 Matt drop the photo on the floor . wendy you alright ? 58 . matt ( bend to pick they up ) y-yeah . sure . Wendy open the notebook . much be in Latin - and other stranger language - unreadable cipher . and drawing . diagram . what look like a hand draw plan of a house with strange inscription and line all over it - almost like a electrical plan . she turn to the photo . wendy this be really weird . angle on : this be different . not photo of the dead . but of the live contact the dead . seance . Spirit photograph . we might recognize the set and the participant from Matt 's glimpse of the seance while say grace . stiff black and white photo that yet have a kind of unspeakable horror about they . unpose , off -angle , capture sitter in state of horrid fascination and terror . and the boy medium , jonah , in mid-spirit possession : slightly out - of-focus , he body wrack , twisted , face contort , mouth gape wide as translucent tendril of smoke - like ectoplasm flow out of he . in other the ectoplasm can be see more clearly and look like string or slab of grey , greasy meat that extrude from he hand , he chest , even he face , during the sitting . wendy this have get to be fake . matt let I see . he take one look - and Wendy notice Matt turn a whiter shade of pale than usual . wendy what ? matt nothing . wendy matt. stop it . talk to I . matt you do not want to know . 59 . wendy give I a chance . he stare at she - as if silently measure she - can she take it , will she believe ? only one way to find out . matt I have see he . wendy who ? matt ( tapping photo of jonah ) him . wendy shut up . matt ( get up ) ok , forget it . wendy no. wait , I be sorry . go on . matt here . in this house . I think I be hallucinate . but I be tell you . I have see he nearly everyday since we move here . sometimes I can see he in my room . and other time I wake in the night and it feel like he 's be inside I - look out through my eye ... she just look at Matt . matt ( cont ’d ) one bright day in the middle of the night / two dead boy get up to fight ( point to jonah ) I and he . just two dead boy . the two of they stare at this photo of a by-gone era , feel they horror in the here and now . wendy maybe the place be haunt . or maybe you pick up some kind of vibration of the past . either way , what be this thing and this photo do hide under ( more ) 108 109 60 . wendy ( cont 'd ) the floor board ? who put they there and why ? we need to find out who live here . who this people be . or be . matt how ? Wendy lean in and whisper , conspiratorially : wendy do not tell anyone . but there 's building all over the country where secret knowledge be keep . mysterious place know only as ... the library ! Matt smile . his first in a very long time . matt thank you . wendy for what ? matt for believe I . int . library - day 108 Wendy 's research take she from microfilm to the back room of the stack where dusty volume of forget periodicals and esoteric tome hide from the mouse and the silverfish . and_as Wendy begin she quest , we begin to intercut : all she 's learn and how she 's learn it ( in bold ) with she share she discovery with Matt in the parlor that evening : int . microfilm reader - montage 109 her face illuminate by the old microfilm reader as she hunt through old issue of the local paper . first some from the 1920' . feature photo of aickman . and some of jonah . wendy ( 0.s. ) check it out : na case of materialization 's by Mr. ramsey aickman , of goatswood , Connecticut . 110 110b 61 . int . the parlor - evening 110 Wendy 's research be spread out on the table . she point to a picture of aickman . wendy that 's ramsey aickman . this be he mortuary . he have a interesting hobby : psychical research . slide quickly across the screen we see microfilm of old newspaper . glimpse fragment and sentence from article : headline : local man contact the dead ! skeptics convinced ! wendy ( 0.s. ) you guy , the dead kid ? jonah . aickman 's assistant . and a medium . article : with the help of a Boy medium , aickman hold weekly seances ... '' rare manifestation of ectoplasm ... '' wendy ( 0.s. ) supposedly they contact the dead through jonah - and people come to have little chat with they dead hubby or wife or to find out where auntie mame hide the family jewel . more clipping slide over the screen , funerary announcement in the name of R. aickman , funeral director and mortician . and small listing in the local event page of spiritualist evening hold at the aickman mortuary and funeral Home . int . parlor - evening 110b back with they : wendy he claim he discover how to ' amplify 's seances , not just contact the dead . he make thing appear . matt what thing ? 62. wendy ectoplasm . matt ectoplasm ? what 's that ? 108b int . basement library stack - day 108b a row of dusty volume mark on the spine : Proceedings of the Society for psychical Research . she pull down the volume from 1927 . Wendy read from she note : wendy ( 0.s. ) '' br mysterious protoplasmic substance stream out of the body of medium . 's check this out - book stack around she ; she pore through the dusty volume - stare at old gray photo , make copious note . see horrific spirit photograph like the one from the attic . wendy ( quote again ) - '' photograph of ectoplasm often show a gelatinous material ooze from all the natural orifice of the medium ; from mouth , ear , nose , eye , and even the lower orifice , and sometimes from the top of the head , the breast or fingertip . '' 110c int . parlor : 110c she point to the photo they find in the attic : the ectoplasm come from jonah . wendy people come from all over and be convinced . Harvard professor and other big shot . aickman and jonah 's seances be famous . matt so do we know what become of they ? wendy ok . now it get weirder . fill the screen with microfilm of old newspaper : 63 . headline : seance of death ! six dead ; one missing wendy ( 0.s . ) there be a seance . led by aickman with jonah as the medium . aickman and all five sitter be find dead . Cause of death not clear . glimpse fragment and sentence from the article : article : ..- body scorched but no sign of fire ... spontaneous combustion ? contort face ... Boy miss ... matt ( 0.s. ) jonah ? do he kill they ? wendy ( 0.s. ) nobody know . no sign of he . vanish . miss . and never see again . matt ( 0.s. ) till now . wendy ( 0.s. ) here 's the weirdest part of all . now papers blur past - some from decade later - headline : road extension scandal sub -head : where be the body ? wendy ( 0.s. ) thirty year later - in the ' 5as , when they expand the highway , they do a detour through the county cemetery - matt ( 0.s. ) we have be on it a million time on the way to the hospital . hear all this while see bit and piece of the microfilm : 64 . article : excavation to link the town with the Turnpike reveal shocking ... coffins fill with sand bag and stone ... over one hundred body unaccount for ... possible link with mysterious death of local mortician thirty year ago ... wendy ( 0.s . ) right . but when they try to be - locate some of the old plot they find something odd . or do not find . matt ( 0.s. ) what ? wendy ( 0.s . ) more than a hundred body that be suppose to be there ? be not . coffins just fill with rock . end montage 110d int . back in the parlor : 110d where the two sit sifting through xerox , photo , off - print , and a mystery too immense for they to unravel : wendy someone jack the body . matt aickman ? jonah ? wendy maybe . but why ? matt I have no idea . but I know someone who might . 111 ext . the house - later that night 111 a very old , well maintain 1966 mercede benz pull up in front of the house . popescu get out . 112 113 65 . int . the house - a beat later 112 popescu and the teens sit at the table with a candle and cup of tea . popescu 's look through aickman 's papers fill with diagram and incantation - and the seance photograph . popescu remarkable . wendy you do not think it 's real do you ? popescu I have see plenty of fake . and I have see the real thing . once . in Paris . most horrible thing I have ever see . now ... this . he hold up the strangest of the photo . caught in the glare of a flash a eerie Black and White moment - - the table sitter with vary degree of shock and horror on they face - as what look vaguely like a out - of - focus jelly - fish make of liver extrude from jonah 's face . popescu ( cont ’d ) he must have be a very powerful medium . Wendy push the box towards he for popescu to inspect . he look at the content of the box . and recoil . he pull out some of the photo , shaking he head in sorrow . he pick up several of the delicate ' moth 's from the box . piece of skin . he hold they over the candle - and drop they into the flame - at the instant the thing burn we - int . mary 's bedroom - same time 113 Mary 's not asleep . she 's up , play with she doll house and doll . talk aloud , play all the part of various doll . mary / female doll well you say so , but you lie ! mary /male doll no I do not ! mary / female doll oh yes you do , you say you would ! 112b 66 . while she 's move the doll around in they house , we see through it and out the little doll window to the wall behind Mary where : suddenly we can see someone stand there behind she - naked , and cover in aickman 's inscription and they head_is flicker horribly . but Mary do not notice . back downstair : 112b the little thing burn in the candle trail a grey line of smoke . popescu lean over , and with a wave of he hand draw the smoke into he nostril - smell it - matt what be you do ? popescu be sure . and now I be . matt what be they ? popescu eyelid . human eyelid . wendy you could tell by the way they smell ? popescu Burning . yes . and do not ask why I know that smell . wendy what be they for ? popescu necromancy . Corpse bother . a loathsome form of magic . seek power through the control of the dead via relic of they body . matt why eyelid ? popescu good question . to make they ever watchful ? be they the guardian of this house - or of he secret ? maybe . but either way , somewhere there be body that belong to this people . and he use they . ( more ) 67 . popescu ( cont 'd ) I think ultimately aickman mean to enhance jonah 's power . wendy he ' amplify 's he seances . popescu somehow he use the dead , yes , as a amplifier . perhaps bury out - side the house . perhaps still in the cemetery . wendy not in the cemetery . she pull out the clipping about all the empty coffin . he scan it . then get up - and begin to move about the room . popescu I do not know . but - his eye search the place . nothing . though something out of the corner of he eye . he do not turn he head - but attend to it - see it - and we do too - it 's jonah . popescu ( cont ’d ) they be not here . but he ... he tap on the photo of jonah . popescu ( cont ’d ) he 's here . he 's the one who 's be try to reach you . I can feel it . I even see he for a moment there . both kid snap they head around , '' look '' for jonah . matt why be he still here ? popescu hard to say . if he commit a terrible act he might be trap - wendy - at the scene of the crime . popescu crime ? who know ? sometimes the most evil action be commit in the very name of the good . do aickman perform necromancy ? ( more ) 53b 68. popescu ( cont 'd ) perhaps . but whatever blasphemy he may have wringht , Mr. aickman be after the great good of all . mary what good ? popescu to prove to a world sink in doubt that there be light beyond the dark , life beyond the grave , and a benevolent God at the heart of the universe ... pray with I . for that that die here . and for the boy , too ... he reach out he hand to the young people across the table - they all join hand to pray - but the instant they do - once again it 's like some infernal circuit complete - Matt 's eye widen and we go shoot into he eye and back out to what he see : he see not here and now - but there and then - this same spot - 60 year ago - during the seance - and we be : int . the parlor - back in 1927 53b ..- right back to the original seance . right where we leave it : the table begin to tremble beneath they finger - the leg rattling against the floor . all the sitter eye now on jonah who clamp he eye shut . bead of sweat rise from every pore on he face . tiny bump all over he skin . then as a low unearthly moan rise from the depth of he belly , he face grimace - the skin stretch tight - as if there be a tremendous wind bear down upon he - except there be no wind . as jonah shake , and shudder convulsively , another sound rise from within he - it begin as a moan - a wet moan - with a kind of slurping shuck sound as if something be literally rise from some internal sea within he . with a suck gasp , jonah 's mouth open suddenly - wide - wider - impossibly wide - as if he face must rip in half . suddenly a choking SOUND from the boy - as something finally begin to emerge from he mouth ... 112c 69 . the ectoplasm . we only see it for briefest flash : this be not a airy substance of light and spirit . more like a infernal combination of dusty smoke and crumble rotted meat - as if smoke be a kind of flesh . spin and flash rapidly between : the ectoplasm emerge from the boy 's mouth and nose , and even pour like live tear from he eye and the horrify face of the sitter stare at jonah . suddenly they horror seem to rise - even aickman stare at we - at jonah - as if something worse than anticipate be happen - something monstrous emerge from he - and then in a instant something unseen - flesh ? Light ? Fire ? - hurl aickman and the sitter back and to the ground . back in the present : 112cc in the parlor - popescu and Wendy be raise they head at the end of popescu 's prayer - while still hold each other 's and Matt 's hand . suddenly they hear a eerie groan . it 's come from Matt . they turn to he - he be gag as if something be rise in he throat - and though there be no open window they both suddenly feel a strong cold wind blow through the room . wendy Matt ? be it ? popescu see that Matt 's in a kind of trance and release he hand . Wendy still hold the other . popescu let go of he hand - she try but in he trance Matt be squeezing she hand tighter and tighter . wendy I can not ! popescu reach out and with all the strength he have pull she hand free from Matt 's . as soon as they hand be separate Matt gasp and fall face first down on the table . SARA ( 0.s. ) what be go on here ?! 70 . Sara - home from work - have walk right into this odd scene . SARA ( cont 'd ) what happen to Matt ? who be you ? what be you do in my house ? popescu check Matt 's pulse and temperature . popescu he 's alright . I think he faint . let 's get he to the couch . they talk as they carry a woozy Matt to the nearby sofa . SARA be you a doctor ? popescu no. he hand she he card . she glance at it and drop it into she coat pocket . SARA a priest ? wendy we ask for he help - popescu we meet at the hospital . I be receive treatment there . SARA what be you do here this time of night ? what happen to Matt ? Sara lean over Matt , as he come to , wave she away . matt I - I be alright . popescu he call I . for advice . it 's hard to explain . SARA try . popescu I believe there be something evil in this house . something no longer live . but not pass over . ( more ) 113b 114 71 . popescu ( cont 'd ) and it want you son . that 's a very dangerous situation for someone who be potentially close to death - SARA he be not - popescu - I be as hopeful as you . but tell I - have you not feel something strange here ? of course she have . but can not admit it . or will not . SARA I have no idea what you be talk about . I appreciate you try to help my son but I think it 's best if we leave that to the doctor . popescu of course . but please . if you ever ... need any help . SARA I be sure we will not need you help . and if I do - I 'il call Doctor brook . popescu yes , of course . int . mary 's bedroom —- continuous 113b as Mary play with she doll we see a shape behind she - move . she do not see it . one of the inscribe dead loom over Mary . stare down over the top of the doll house . Mary sense the presence and slowly , slowly , look up ... int . the hallway - continuous 114 as Sara be come up the stair , Mary come run out of she room - scream . she run like a straight into Sara - nearly knock she down . Sara quiet Mary down . 115 72 . SARA it be just a bad dream , honey . that 's all it be . mary what do he want ? SARA who ? mary the ugly man . SARA just a monster in you dream . mary he have tattoo . and I be not sleep . I be play with my doll . Sara lead she back into she bedroom . SARA there 's no one here . it be just a bad dream . Sara tuck she into bed and reach for the light . mary no mommy . please . leave it on . SARA alright . if you be a good girl and go back to sleep . she shut the door and do not hear Mary mutter . mary but I be not asleep . and as she pull the cover around she we drift away out the window into the summer night - pull back until we be : ext . the house - night 115 a moonless night . the house a dark shadow in a sea of deeper darkness . with one light still shine - from Mary 's room . super : August 22nd . two night later . 1:00 a.m. 116 117 73. now we float back towards the house - but not to Mary 's now continuously light window but to the dark window of ... int . SARA and peter 's bedroom - night 116 where Sara 's asleep . she shift in she sleep . perhaps distantly aware of the strange sound in she bedroom : footstep . pace . back and forth in front of the bed . Sara 's eye snap awake . she hear the footstep . she raise she head - can not see anything in the room . but can distinctly hear footstep in the room . march back and forth in front of she bed . SARA Peter ? no reply . but suddenly the footstep stop - right next to where she 's lie . SARA ( cont 'd ) Matt ? she reach out a hand slowly - to light the bedside lamp - and when she do for a flash it illuminate neither she husband nor she son but : the same inscribe ghost who be in Mary 's room . his hideous face just a inch from she face as it whisper in a foul hiss voice : dead man do ... you ... know ... what ... they do ... to .. we ? Sara scream , leap out of bed and turn the overhead light on . the room be empty . ext . the house - night 117 in the still dark and moonless light there be now two light window . super : August 23rd . the next night . 1:00 am 118 119 74 . int . wendy'' bedroom - continuous 118 Wendy 's asleep . as she toss and turn we hear strange sound in the darkness - as if cage be open - and bird be fly out of the cage and around the room - though in the darkness we can not see it . it sound as if they be flap all around she , wilder and wilder . suddenly with a thwack it sound like one of the bird smashed against the window next to the bed . Wendy wake and look around in the darkness , heart pound . she throw she arm out of the cover and light the lamp beside she bed . this light she bed - and stop the sound of flap wing - but the corner of the room be still dark . no bird sound now . just a low heavy rasp breathe ... and she sense : the room be not empty . someone be there in the shadow , stare at she . wendy ( cont ’d ) Matt ? what be you do ? what do you want ? no reply . she just see one of the eye in the dark , stare at she . for a second it seem as if we can see the freeze mist from someone 's breath . then a mouth open - and a small faint croak . barely human . wholly unintelligible . Wendy tilt the lamp shade towards that corner of the room - - and for a second illuminate a corner where not Matt - but a_horribly burn and scared jonah crouch stare at she ! she leap out of bed and turn the full room light on . then look around . the room be empty . no matt. no jonah . just she . ext . the house - night 119 light on now from the basement to the upper floor . against the big dark sky the house seem like a doll house . transparent and vulnerable - visible to the invisible . Super : August 23rd 1:30 a.m. hear , then we see , Peter 's car creep slowly , overly cautiously down the street , the way some drunk drive . 120 75 . the car have trouble find the curb . and give he mumble and awkward door close - we can smell the alcohol on he . he look up at the house all light up . check he watch . peter now I see why I hadda sell my goddamn truck . int . the house - a beat later 120 Peter come into the house - mask he drunken clumsiness beneath belligerence which only make he seem drunker . he storm down and back up the stair . see that each of the kid be sleep with the light on . he stand on the landing of the stair and yell : peter every body in this goddamn house be sleep with the light on . and I want to know why . they all peep from they room . and look at each other . but even more at the frightening spectacle of they drunk and rageful father and husband . peter ( cont 'd ) why do you all keep the light on ? they all look at each other - who 's gonna say something ? peter ( cont 'd ) I do not care what little game you all be play - he grab a footstool - and go room to room - with a handkerchief around he hand - unscrew the light bulb , ignore everyone 's plea for he to stop . peter ( cont 'd ) there ! Peter even grab the night light from the little one 's bed . Mary be tremble and cry - billy 's sniffle and just as scared . Sara seem speechless with rage . peter ( cont 'd ) you be all too old to be sleep with night light . Peter storm out . we hear he outside : smashing the bulb in the trash can . Sara storm out after he . 121 76 . Wendy comfort the young child . the house be now truly dark - without a light bulb leave in the bedroom . she look out a window and see Sara confront Peter outside - she turn the kid away and lead they upstairs . ext . the house - continuous 121 Peter toss the last of the bulb in the garbage can . SARA that be a cruel and childish thing to do . all you have do be scare everyone in this house . peter yeah , what scare I be try to pay for two set of bill every month . SARA stop it . this be not about any of that anymore . that 's it . peter what ? SARA that be it right there . peter what ? SARA you second chance . you ask a long time ago - for a second chance . and I say , if you ever come home drunk and violent and scare or hurt I or the child again , that be it . I should have know then . how weak you be . that you have fold at the worst possible time . he open he mouth as if to begin to defend or explain . SARA ( cont 'd ) do not . this be it , Peter . this be where you step up to the plate . or you do not . and you do not . now I will not let you hurt this family . not again . be that clear ? 122 123 124 125 77 . Peter slam the door of he little car . his big frame almost too big to fit in it . start it up . and pull out . Sara , as sad as she be angry , watch Peter pull out of the driveway , head home . with no idea if he 's come back . int . the house - later 122 all the light be off . for the first time in many night . and we see why : int . SARA and peter 's bedroom - continuous 123 angle on : the ceiling fixture . the bedside lamp . no bulb in either . int . the other two bedroom - same time 124 in Wendy 's room . and down in Matt 's . no bulb in any of the fixture . thanks to Peter 's rage there 's not a single bulb in the house . just empty socket , and inextinguishable darkness . not a good feel . and now a sound . a knocking . at first as if at the door downstairs . and then at the window upstairs . and downstairs . soon - they be all awake . all listen to the insistent , and incessantly move - knocking . and then . suddenly . in all of that room . as well as the two little one 's bedroom where the bulb be also remove . light flash on . and off . on . and off . from all the light where there be no bulb . Light . and off . SARA what in the name of God ... Wendy come out of she room . Matt weakly walk up the stair . they all end up huddle with Sara on she bed - as the light go on and off . they all come together . then all the light go out . total blackness . and silence . int . the kitchen - day 125 Sara 's alone on the phone . she look as if she have not sleep . she have not . none of they have . she 's on hold - 78 . receptionist ( 0.s. ) ( on phone ) I be sorry Dr. brook 's on round this afternoon . can I take a message ? SARA no - no - it 's - nothing . thanks . she put down the phone and just stare . lose . who can she call ? who would believe ? or have any idea ? she grab she wallet and look hurriedly through it - whatever she 's look for be not there . she try the purse . nope . then she step int the hallway where she coat be hang and reach into the pocket and pull out a card . fr. popescu 's card that he give she the night he be there . 126 ext . the house - evening 126 a old car park in front . out step the rather tiny old man . Super : August 24th 9:00 pm . from the front window , Sara watch popescu come up the walk - way . as he walk up the path he 's dwarf by the dark old house . he stop on the threshold and visibly shudder . from Sara 's Pov he look tiny . even smaller than last time she see he . she can not help but wonder - this be the man who 's go to save they ? she open the door for he . SARA I be so sorry . I do not know who else to call . be you sure you be feel up to this ? popescu ( with a twinkle ) let 's put it this way . I be in exactly the right state of be to traffic with ghost . 127 int . the house - continuous 127 he put down he little black bag . and open it . take out he Bible . and what appear to be a cross . SARA you be not actually a priest anymore . be you ? 79 . popescu there 's what I be . and then there 's what I be permit officially to do . he do something odd with he ' cross 's - he pull it apart . it 's actually two metal bar . magnet . SARA what be that ? popescu Iron magnet . one of the few constant in human think . from ancient Babylon to the most modern construction - people have always know Iron have special property . they may not know why . or even why they still use it . but the truth be Iron defend from evil . and the iron magnet can detect it . it 's no accident prison have iron bar . not merely to contain the body but the evil that may lurk within it . without wait for Sara he begin move about the house . look around . SARA what be you look for ? popescu where he die . sometimes - when a death be violent - or fill with anger , fear , or any strong emotion - it 's as if the spirit do not pass on - but move instantly into the nearest body , the house itself . it 's why we cover mirror and open window shade in the house of the dead - to help they find they way out . a house where a soul be trap be not so much haunt , as possess . move he magnet near the wall - when he think he might feel something . he walk towards the basement stair . popescu ( cont ’d ) what 's down here ? SARA Matt 's bedroom . where they use to - 80 . popescu keep the child upstairs . 128 int . the basement stair - a beat later 128 Sara lead popescu down . popescu stop . move he magnet . then carry on , into Matt 's bedroom . Matt lie weakly on he bed . popescu stare at he - no not at_him - but next to he . popescu 's Pov : jonah - blacken and frighten look - stand over Matt - threaten or protect ? we can not tell . popescu yes . he 's here . do you see he Matt ? Matt nod weakly . he 's very ill . SARA I do not see anything . popescu good . you be strong . healthy . you should not see . SARA this be turn my world upside down . popescu we live in a small corner of a vast spiritual universe , the night sky be not fill merely with the light of dead star ... ( straight at Matt ) ...- but with the active presence of a Divine spirit . faith be the knowledge of thing unseen . but it 's also know - deep in you heart - that even the worst experience of you life have meaning and Divine purpose - and have the courage to face they . suddenly - the grinding of the gear and clanging chain of the elevator from up above . popescu walk slowly - magnet out front - towards the open elevator door - through which he can see the crematory oven . popescu ( cont ’d ) so that 's where you be trap . do not worry . ( more ) 129 130 81 . popescu ( cont ’d ) whatever you have do we be not here to punish you . that be not we place . only to free you . like a bird catch in a room - -- suddenly the open elevator near popescu smashes down in front of he , then suddenly lift back up , faster than it should be capable of - back up a floor - then smashes down again . matt ( weakly ) he do not want to leave . Matt look bad . paler . less there . more like popescu . one foot in the grave . popescu meanwhile can not get at the oven . popescu there must be another way . int . SARA and peter 's bedroom —- continuous 129 the child cower together on Sara 's bed - finger in ear from the noise of the elevator . and not just the elevator - the whole house seem to be shaking . huge pound noise come from inside the wall . ext . the house - a beat later 130 Sara follow popescu as he feel he way with he hand along the base of the house . popescu there have to be another way to empty it . even outside you can hear the noise of the elevator - move up and down in the house ... as popescu make he way around the outside - search with he hand . then popescu stop . he 's find a small metal door about the size of a vent rusted shut and over grow with the vine that grow on that side of the house . popescu help I . his old hand be not strong enough . but with Sara 's help they rip away the vine and pull the little door open . popescu he 's here . 129b 130b 129c 131 82. Inside we see a small pile of dust , a portion of skull , and other bone bit . jonah 's remain . int . SARA and peter 's bedroom —- continuous 129b Wendy and the little one huddle together on the bed as the bedroom door swing open and shut slamming each time as if of its own accord . the whole house shake with the booming sound of the elevator slamm again and again . it feel like the entire house be about to collapse around they - suddenly it 's too much and Mary begin to scream mary make it stop ! make it stop ! ext . the house - continuous 130b popescu bow he head and murmur a prayer for the dead in Latin . as he do the elevator pound twice as loud , like it be angrily and malevolently alive . start to tremble , popescu reach behind he for he black bag . and from within it pull out a white silk prayer shawl . wiping he brow with the back of he shaking hand popescu gently sweep jonah 's last remain and fold they into the silk . he murmur a last prayer and as he do - the elevator suddenly stop . the shaking and pound noise stop . the whole house be suddenly still and quiet . popescu have win the battle , but he look as though he will not live though the night , he be spend . int . SARA and peter 's bedroom - continuous 129c deafen silence . Wendy and the little one on the bed . cautiously take they finger from they ear - and adjust to the quiet . she look around . take a breath . the place undeniably feel different . wendy I think ... it 's over . ext . the house - night 131 at he open car , Sara hand popescu the silken bundle with jonah 's remain in it , and he put they gently on the seat . 83 . SARA will Matt be alright now ? popescu ( haltingly ) the house should be quiet now and at peace . but I must warn you ... sometimes for a day or so after a spirit have be remove from a house .... there be strange event - like aftershock from a earth - quake . if anything .... happen , do not be alarmed . they will pass ... within a day or two at the most . SARA thank you , thank you for everything . popescu ( wry ) I would like to say it be my ... pleasure but ... Sara smile , realize she like this old man , a lot . SARA be you okay to drive ? popescu gather what 's leave of he strength , and wave off she concern . 132 int . matt 's bedroom - continuous 132 popescu o.s. we be all in God 's hand . Matt 's whole body silently convulse . tear flow down he wear cheek . he sense something and look up and behind he - at the high window which look out at the street above . in the window : jonah - outside - he look not scary - not angry - sad . he 's shaking he head . worried . 133 int . new york house basement - late afternoon 133 Home from work , a chagrine Peter clean up the mess he make the night when he be drunk down here and play the guitar . 132b 134 84 . he put the batter fender guitar - once the repository of he Big dream - back on its stand . sweep break glass and dirt into a can . and rights a fall shelf unit - replace the old lps and box of cassette tape that he knock to the floor . his eye catch on one of the tape , label ' Matt at Camp 's . he pull out the tape and slot it into a dusty cassette player and hit play . at first nothing - then the slightly distort wavery SOUND of he son 's voice - from eon ago - matt ( 12 year old on tape ) --- only 5 more sleep till Parents 's Day . I can not wait . I have a lot to show you , dad . you need to see how I shoot the bow and arrow . and how far I can swim . and they be have a Father and son race - it 's gonna be great - I bet you and I beat all the other . ( teasing ) if you do you job , of course . okay , I better go . bye , dad . Peter let the sound of he innocent son 's voice wash over he - as if wash all the fear and weakness out of he . he wipe tear from he eye . int . matt 's bedroom - continuous 132b in the darkness we can see Matt 's form - but not make out any detail . he wake up with a low groan . as he rise in the dim light we can see a bit better - he look odd - something on he face - he raise he hand - something cover he hand . back upstair : 134 Sara , Wendy and the kid gather in Sara 's room . SARA whatever be here - be go . we have all have some bad night , but it 's over . and now we can get ba - she 's interrupt by rough ragged scream from downstairs . 85 . 135 int . matt 's bedroom - a beat later 135 Sara run in , find Matt stand in the darkness scream . matt it hurt ! oh God it hurt ! she flip on the light and we see : Matt be completely cover in aickman 's inscription . tiny line of blood everywhere - SARA what have you do to yourself !? matt I do not ! I do not ! 136 ext . the house - night 136 Sara stand anxiously at the door way of she house . illuminate by the flash light from the ambulance . SARA it 's okay , it 's okay . everything 's gonna be okay . one paramedic open the back door while another hold Matt wrap in a triage bandage - blanket already soaking through with all the line of blood - while a third inject he with something to stop the pain and calm he down . Peter pull up and run out of he car to Sara . as they be about to close the door , Matt turn and look at he parent : matt do not matter . now that I be out of the house ? it ’1ll be after you . the ambulance close on Matt . he 's go . Sara turn to Wendy - SARA we will be back as soon as we can . and then we nre get out of here . Sara finally acknowledge Peter 's presence . peter oh God Sara - I be so sorry . if only I have be here - look at he closely , Sara can tell Peter be sober and resolve . that he make he choice . 137 138 139 140 86 . SARA you be here now . that 's what count . she take he hand and climb in the car with Peter and they take after the ambulance . int . ambulance - continuous 137 Matt zone in and out of consciousness . two paramedics gently peel back the blanket to look at he skin . paramedic 1 how do he do that to himself ? see the sinuous line of the weird engrave word but notice they be not cut from the outside - but seem raise as if ... paramedic 2 I dunno it look more like it be scrape - from the inside out ... int . SARA 's bedroom - later 138 Wendy look in on the kid . they be quiet , if traumatize . billy 's on the bed . play with the krystal Ball . Mary hold a doll , have a whisper conversation with it . Wendy have a perfect apple in hand . she take a bite - but almost instantly choke . the apple be completely rotten . int . the kitchen - a beat later 139 Wendy run into the kitchen - but as she enter be hit by a wall of smell . she gag . something horribly rotten - she glance round the kitchen and see : the flower which a little while ago be bright be now past dead . the fruit bowl - at first look fine - but literally before she eye the fruit decay into a fester pulp . she open the refrigerator . the light be off . it 's not cold . everything inside 's cover in mold . she slam the door . int . SARA and peter 's bedroom - continuous 140 Mary whisper with she doll . we hear only bit of it . 141 140b 142 87 . mary ( to she doll ) really ? they be all here ? though she 's play - there be nothing ' playful 's about it - something eerie about she intense , one sided conversation . int . hallway - continuous 141 between the door to that bedroom and the one to hers . see into she bedroom . a pile of toy . suddenly the pile stir . and we hear a little bell tinkle . angle on : a stuff animal with a tiny bell round its neck - the really wear and almost shapeless one with the shoe button eye hang by a string . do it just move ? or be that just the wind ? int . SARA and peter 's bedroom 140 B billy absorb in he krystal Ball . stare into the little window at the purple water inside - seek answer to whisper question . Mary look up from she doll at the door way - in time to see : that wear old stuff animal sit on the floor in front of the door . she look back down at she doll then hear the tinkling bell . when she look up , the stuff animal be go . Mary get up and go to the door and look down the hall . there 's the little thing stand at the top of the stair - face she - as if look right at Mary whose eye widen at what seem to she wonderful magic . Mary run down the hall after it . billy pay no attention - too absorb in he oracle . int . hallway 142 Mary stand in the little hallway . look for the stuff animal . can not see it in either direction . but she hear the little bell . then she see it at the bottom of the stair . 143 144 145 146 147 88. int . downstair - continuous 143 Mary at the top of the stair head down to follow it . think what a wonderful game this be ... int . the basement stair - a beat later 144 Mary get to the stair too late to see the doll - but she can hear its bell disappear into the darkness of what be Matt 's bedroom , and be now more like the black hole of Calcutta . or just a black hole . the cave of all nightmare . Mary hesitates but only for a second - then giggle nervously and trundle down the stair - and quickly disappear after it into the darkness at the bottom of the stair . int . the kitchen 145 Wendy pull the rotted food out of the fridge and shelf . but it seem never end . a first glance show a normal loaf of bread so she turn to the rotted tomato beside it . but when she look back at the bread it be now green with mold . she nearly gag as she stuff the last of the reek rotted food into two bulg garbage bag . int . SARA and peter 's bedroom 146 billy 's alone nervously play with the krystal Ball . he 's clutching it fiercely . eye shut - billy be mattie gonna be alright ? he shake the ball then look intently - angle inside the krystal ball : 147 from the liquid depth the oracle spin - and rise : krystal ball '' never again '' billy shake it again - not want it to be true - billy be he gonna die ? 148 89 . krystal ball '' the oracle have speak '' he shake it again . determined to get the answer he want . fill the screen : with the little plastic window and the churn sea of fluid beneath it as the plastic oracle come spin up towards we fill the screen : but the side that float up do not hold any of the proverbial phrase . instead it be cover in the strange word and sign that we recognize as the one aickman carve onto dead body : mortuum suspiria tenebrum billy 's startle and shake it again and again - but now every one of the twenty side hold only word in that creepy necromantic language ! billy hurl the ball across the room where it smashes leave purple dye stream down the wall . int . popescu 's car - same time 148 he grip the steering wheel and squint against the glare of on come headlight which as he pass they pass over the white silk bundle behind he on the back seat . popescu look bad . cold sweat . have trouble focus . and as he do - image come to he : he 's blink - and see the light from oppose traffic go by - and see eye without eye-lid , and lid with out any eye - open and shut - open and shut . popescu of course . why do not I see ? he remove they eyelid . not to uncover they eye . but to cover ours ... so that no one would ever see that they be there ... behind he - we hear a sound of rustling silk . something rise from the back seat ... popescu look up in the rear view mirror - he eye transfix by the sight : the white silk begin to swirl and rise as if lift from within by some materialize thing - 90 . - popescu stare into the rear view mirror do not see that he be drift into the other lane into the oncoming traffic - - he tear he eye away from the mirror to see headlight come straight at he ! he swerve just in time off the road - plow into a road sign . the car come to a halt . popescu breathless but unhurt . 149 ext . the side of the road - continuous 149 he look back up into the rear view mirror and see : jonah in the back seat ! popescu slowly turn around - dread what he will see in the back seat - jonah - look back at he . they eye lock - popescu 's eye widen - he mouth open and we CUT to : 53c int . parlour - 1927 - night 53c right back where we be . jonah raise he head . he look around in horror - the room have change - be still change - the wall themselves have a crumbly ectoplasmic appearance , bit of it crumble , revealing crack and hole through which we see not the outside - but some infinite black space - jonah reel back and see that he be the only one alive . the sitter all lie on the floor in freeze dead rictus of terror . he hear a groan . it 's aickman . he lie on the floor - he 's not quite dead . and he 's try to speak . jonah bring he face close to the die man - can barely hear what aickman be say from he hideously shred lip - just elusive fragment - aickman get out . they will be after you now . jonah look up just as the table where he have be sit begin shaking again - suddenly the shaking become wilder and the table hurl itself straight at jonah . he roll out of the way . kneel on the floor - look down and for a second see : the floor itself seem to be a sea of angry dead face try to thrust up at he - 91 . he reel back and up to he foot - run out of the room and into the photo salon . for a second all be quiet but then we hear whispering and moaning - grow - and jonah look around at all the funerary portrait on the wall : in each photo - the dead seem to come alive they face now cover in aickman 's engravings - they scream at jonah from within they frame - jonah run for the front door but it slam in he face . and no amount of force will open it . he turn and run up the stair follow by the sound of banging as every door in the house swing open and slam shut - open and shut - again and again - louder and louder - make it impossible for he to enter or exit any room - where can he go ? where can he hide from the madness all around he ? we can not tell what be real and what may be he terrify mind - but it seem that every part of the house have come alive - and either physically threaten he - or seem itself to be fill with angry accuse face and hand - and then he see - one door open - not swinging open and shut - just open . it 's the elevator door . it seem dark and safe and quiet in there - the shaking sobbing boy crawl into the dark womb of the elevator . and as he do - for a second the whole house go quiet - no sound except the heavy breathe and sobbing of jonah . suddenly the metal elevator door slam shut . and with a grind groan we hear the elevator begin to descend . hear jonah 's pound fist on the metal wall . and the howling and wail and pound of the whole house resume as if a angry mob demand satisfaction ... down in the embalm room we stare at the close door of the furnace into which the elevator descend . we can hear the thudding of jonah pound from within the elevator as it descend and land down here in the basement . suddenly - we see the lever of the furnace move by itself - and we see the flash of flame as the fire ignites in the furnace and we hear jonah 's scream muffle yet deeppen by the enclosure of oven and elevator . 92 . and as the boy burn all other sound fall away - everything grow silent except the terrible muffle scream of the burn boy . upstair - continuous as the boy downstairs die - the room begin to return to normal - the wall restore - the ectoplasmic sheen and smoke - begin to dissipate - dissolve - into just smoke - which with a blast of wind from nowhere - disappear - leave only the empty room - the overturn table - and the corpse of aickman and the five seance sitter . 150 ext . roadside - night 150 popescu sit in the car , tear stream from he eye . he roll down the window and let the wind blow open the silk and lift a thousand particle that once be jonah into the air . 151 int . wendy'' bedroom - continuous 151 the room be empty . but we can hear the shower run . 152 int . bathroom - continuous 152 Wendy sob in the shower try to wash the rot reek off she . 153 ext . side of the road - night 153 popescu in a phone booth by the side of the road . the old man be weak and have to hold himself up in the booth . he finish dial a number - which ring and ring and ring ... 154 int . the house - continuous 154 in the kitchen the phone ring . and ring . 152b int . bathroom - same time 152b as Wendy turn the shower off the curtain itself sway oddly - move with ripple like the wing of a manta ray - - then suddenly - as if it be alive and possess of a mind of its own - the curtain wrap around Wendy - 93 . for a mad second it 's almost comic - as if she be just trip up in she shower curtain - but the wet white plastic seal tighter and tighter around she - now thrust itself down she mouth when she open it to scream - choke she - 155 int . kitchen - same time 155 the answer machine sit on the counter beside a vase of bright flower . it finally kick in - answering machine you have reach the campbell . please leave you message at the beep . 156 ext . side of the road - night 156 popescu in the phone booth by the side of the turnpike . popescu ( weak , halting ) I have make a terrible mistake . the miss body - they be there . that be he amplifier ; they spirit . but it backfire . all that soul in torment ... the boy be not evil . his spirit ... hold they all back . a finger ... in the dike . and I remove he . you must get out , now ! 152c int . bathroom - continuous 152c Wendy rip at the curtain - shredd it - tear it - till she 's free - gulp air on the cold tile floor . 157 int . wendy'' bedroom - a beat later 157 Wendy pull clothes on when she hear scream and run to the window and look down . she can not see anything . but it seem to be come from outside . 158 ext . the house - a beat later 158 Wendy look around . where 's the scream ? hear it again - it 's come from the basement . she look to the low window that look into Matt 's room and see Mary stand on a table pound on the window . 159 160 161 162 94 , int . the house - continuous 159 Wendy run back in and tear down the stair to Matt 's room . int . matt 's bedroom - a beat later 160 she look around the room - no sign of Mary - then she see she on the other side of the glass - scream . Wendy run to the door - but it will not open . she try and try and try - billy run in too - draw by the scream . Wendy look around - for something - anything - finally she grab the little wooden chair by the table - motion billy to get back - and swing the chair with all she might at the glass window and shatter it into a million piece . wendy C ’mon Mary - come to I ! Mary run over - and Wendy reach over the wood and pick she up and lift she into the bedroom . they turn to run from the room and she look back over she shoulder and see the oven open - the little toy sit at the edge of it - as if laugh at she - and behind it - the flame shoot up ! Super : 2:15 a.m . int . psych cell - night 161 Matt sit in bed . head nodd from sedative . his skin have clear . no trace of the marking . but he 's in hell now , with real demon . the other patient in he room freeze with the thousand yard stare of heavy anti-psychotic med . Matt just cover he face with he hand . then there 's a strange silence as a shadow fall over he - he look up . it 's jonah , he head strangely tilt . Matt look around . nobody else see he . dr . brooks ( 0.s. ) he 's sedate and comfortable . int . dr . brooks' office - night 162 the campbell look worried - but for the first time in a long while they seem together . Peter 's hold she hand . 95 . dr . brooks the marking be go . the skin be really a extension of the mind . just some kind of dermatitis . dermographia . nothing dangerous . they look relieved . but the Doctor look grim . dr . brooks ( cont ’d ) but we run he panel . I be afraid it 's not good news . the treatment have frankly have no effect . his cell count be worse than before . peter there must be something else , some other treatment - dr . brooks I wish I could tell you there be . I believe in fight till you die . but not fight when you be dead . with this number I have no idea what 's keep he alive . 161b int . psych cell - continuous 161b jonah stand now before Matt . Matt 's cell mate stare - but we can not tell if he see jonah too or not . we can not tell what jonah intend . Matt rise woozy . the two boy approach each other - closer and closer ... for a moment - almost a mirror effect - as the two boy stand in front of each other - once again - only jonah 's intense GREEN eye distinguish they - new angle - matt 's cell mate suddenly squawk , for reason unknown . back on matt he look different - we can not at first say how , maybe its the slight tilt of he head now - then we notice - jonah 's intense green eye peer out from Matt 's face ... dr . brooks ( 0.s . ) give he state it might be best for he just to stay here . 162b 161c 96 . int . dr . brooks 's office - continuous 162b Peter have to practically hold Sara from collapse . dr . brooks but then again the choice be yours . I can connect you with a hospice , or if you think you can handle it - bring he home . peter how long do you think he have ? dr . brooks there 's really no way of say for sure . he could go tonight . or ina week . probably not more . SARA can we see he ? dr . brooks of course . int . psych cell - a beat later 161c Dr brook and Matt 's parent arrive at Matt 's door and when they push it open , they find only the cell mate there . he 's rock on he bed . mumbling to himself . we can barely make it out ... patient ( mumble tunelessly ) ' one bright day in the middle of the night . two dead boy get up to fight ... 's Matt 's go . behind he the curtain flutter in the wide open window - whose metal bar have be impossibly bent open ... Dr. brook grab a phone from the wall to call security . dr . brooks ( on phone ) he can not have get far . he 's literally dead on he foot . 97 . 163 ext . the cemetery - night 163 for a boy who should already be dead , Matt / jonah seem strangely strong as he run down the road by the cemetery , the surround tree bent over in the heavy wind . Super : 3:20 a.m . a banging SOUND in the night . the garage door - smashed open - bang open and close in the increasingly heavier wind . 164 int . the house - continuous 164 Wendy hear a slamm sound outside and look out the window and see the garage door slamm in the wind . 165 int . kitchen - a beat later 165 Wendy open the back door . she see the garage door swinging in the wind , but in front of it now stand Matt / jonah hold a axe . she be stunne for a moment . wendy Matt ? Matt just stare blankly at she - then start run right at_her - axe in hand ... she slam the door and throw the latch . with a sudden splintering crash - the axe rip through the back door - stop just short of she face . she turn to run , and see a worried Mary stand right in front of she . Wendy swoops she up and bolt down the corridor to the front stair . the axing noise continue behind she . she put Mary down . wendy ( whisper ) we be go to be play hide and seek now . I want you to hide upstairs , okay ? and do not come out no matter what , unless I say it 's okay ? you understand ? Mary nod and run up the stair . now Wendy see billy be cautiously move through the parlor to investigate the noise . she quietly slip over to he and turn he around . 166 98. Wendy get he to follow she , but before she turn she notice the axing have stop . she look towards the back door . unseen behind she we see Matt silently ( in bare foot ) charge towards she , axe raise ! billy see he and leap away . Wendy spin and back against the wall . wendy ( tear of terror ) matt. no. Wendy stumble and fall to the ground then Matt / jonah bring the rusted axe slice down - straight into the pulpy wood where Matt / jonah have scratch the wall earlier in the movie . he pull the axe back rip out chunks of wall revealing a face . chop chop . there be a body inside ! cover in aickman 's inscription and rag . it roll out , still weighty and solid as if it be freshly dead . Wendy roll aside as the body thump to the ground where she just be . Matt / jonah axe the wall again . then use the pick side of it to pull floor board open - and reveal right there : body . body stack side by side like cord of wood . each cover in aickman 's necromantic engrave . eye stare wide - because they have no eyelid . Matt continue cut and more body come tumble out . int . downstair - a beat later 166 the little kid be cry and Wendy 's plead with Matt / jonah - he shove they roughly out the door - matt / jonah whatever you do - do not let they put out the fire . wendy but what about you ? for just a second - within the blacken grim face shine a glimpse of the old Matt - and a almost smile - 167 168 169 170 171 99 , matt / jonah do not worry . they can not hurt I . I be already dead . he slam the door . then turn with grim purpose back towards the parlor . ext . the house - continuous 167 the kid beat at the door - call to Matt . Wendy try a window . lock . ext . car - night 168 in the car . Sara sob and sob . we can not hear she . just watch she wrack body - and the o of she mouth as she moan . int . car - continuous 169 she seem lose . empty . the lowest we have see she . Peter 's turn a corner though . he take she by the shoulder - peter we will find he . SARA and then what ? he 's - peter we will face that then . if nothing else let he die in we arm , instead of in a hospital bed . we will find he . and bring he home . int . the house - continuous 170 Matt / jonah have barricade the door . pile furniture and anything that can move - in front of the door . from within we hear a pound and rip sound . int . upstair hallway - continuous 171 he 's rip at the wall with the axe . splinter the wood . break it apart . and as he do - we see : more corpse . embalm and perfectly preserve - and cover in aickman 's engrave spell . 172 173 100 . twenty , thirty - more - they be everywhere . behind every wall - beneath every floor board . everywhere he tear back the wall - there 's more dry - engrave corpse . the house be a live tomb - literally stuff to the rafter with all the body that have be stuff in the place . jonah / Matt 's shaking hand finally succeed in lighting the inside of the wall which begin to burn rapidly . igniting the dry corpse around they - fill with flammable embalm chemical - the body blaze like man-size duraflame log . ext . the house - pre -dawn 172 a police car pull up as thick smoke pour off of the house make it hard to see how much be burn . then Peter and Sara pull up . he run out and try to make for the house . a cop put a restrain arm on he - cop let ‘em do they job . you have only endanger they and yourself . Peter see from out of the smoke . billy ( 0.s. ) Mom ! dad ! Wendy lead he and Mary out of the smoke . peter where 's Matt ? wendy Inside . int . parlour - continuous 173 Matt / jonah have tear the stuff out of all the furniture and be thrust it in with the corpse . he 's in the dark heart of the house now . his hand be weak and shaking . and he keep convulse and shifting between jonah and Matt . as he mumble to himself sometimes in one voice and sometimes in another - behind he - the whole house seem to be shifting - change . 174 173b 101 . the room itself - the entire interior be change - almost as if become that same rotted meat that Matt once see it as . the floor splinter and rot before we eye as if it be all turn into something else . wall now crumble fetid flesh ; squirming maggot , like termite , fill the ' wood 's . Matt / jonah hurry to light he match , to set the pyre ablaze before it become something else . and light it . and set a furious blaze grow back there . Matt / jonah toss thing from the room into the blaze . grab the box fill with photo and eyelid - open it - scoops they out and fling they into the fire - all of they . the photo curl and blacken in the flame . and the eye lid all burn to dust - and as they do : the room begin to fill with people - we recognize many of they face from the old photo we have see of the dead - as all the soul - trap in all the body in all the wall and floor of the house now appear flicker between all the state from they death to they embalm and engrave . they be everywhere : come down stair - step out of wall - rise from the floor - all head for Matt / jonah . ext . the house - continuous 174 popescu 's old car arrive . the fireman be already there . popescu try to calm Sara . SARA I do not understand . you say it be over ! popescu Matt 's try to end it now ... int . parlor —- continuous 173b we sight of Matt / jonah be lose a beat amidst the shifting flicker form that crowd now around he - and the grow flame of the burn room - but when we do see he we see : he be die . popescu ( 0.s . ) try to reach the heaven aickman create a hell of trap soul . ( more ) 102 . popescu ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) jonah feel responsible and he wait all this year for someone who might help he make it right - someone who could free he - and they . someone like Matt ... in a room that seem at this instant to be make up of nearly equal part rotten meat and burn wall , crowded with wail ghost paw angrily all around he - he body be wilting . you can only run on dead man 's leg for so long . 174b ext . the house - continuous 174b the weak older man be all that 's hold Sara up . SARA Matt . we have get to save he . popescu pray with I . pray with I now . SARA to who ? fr. popescu , not unfamiliar with Sara 's doubt , begin to recite St. Michael 's prayer anyway . popescu ( cont ’d ) Saint Michael the archangel , defend we in battle . be we protection against the wickedness and snare of the devil ... the firemen knock the door away - and when Sara look up for a moment she can see straight into the parlor - where , through the dust and the flame - she see Matt / jonah cover in soot and smoke - she do not see the thing that crowd all around he - only see he - rigid as if freeze and cover in burnt flesh and soot . Peter start to run into the house but get tackle by a cop - another cop come and they both hold Peter down . peter my Son 's in there for God 's sake - let I go ! for just a instant before he 's take down he and Sara lock eye - he struggle harder - bring more cop to wrestle he to the ground - which allow Sara to make a dash for the house .... 103 . Sara run straight at and into the house - past startle firemen and cop too slow to stop a determine mother as the very ceiling begin to collapse . 175 int . the house - continuous 175 as Sara run in , the house fall down around she . behind she a beam collapse , block the entrance she come through . she 's now trap there too . she duck she way into the parlor where she see with she own eye what be happen : she see the wall tear open and fill with burn tattooe corpse . she see through the flame - and as she begin to choke on the fume - and weaken - she see more - see all the hideous shape and form around - see she die son trap alone in a burn room fill with death . SARA Matt ! she throw herself straight through flame at Matt / jonah and grab hold of she boy and pull he to the ground - just as the ceiling come down - the two fall on the safe side of it - but be trap in a burn corner - under ceiling that can not last much longer . she 's hold she son and that 's all that matter as she roll with he on the floor . she drag he beneath the table - just as more of the ceiling collapse and cover they in debris . she look down at she boy - who be out - possibly dead - but see jonah 's horribly char face - suddenly he eye open . and look up at she - the saddest expression in the world . at first she recoil in horror - this be not she son - this burnt batter flesh be someone else and someone else 's son . but something in she just see a child . SARA ( cont 'd ) here . I be here . momma 's here . she bring she face down to he . kiss the blacken skin . her tear spilling on he char face . and when she look down at he - she can clearly see it be Matt 's face beneath the ash . 104 . SARA oh mattie . my mattie . more piece of the ceiling collapse around they . they be soon to be bury beneath burn beam . Sara look around frantically - for any way out - any chance of escape . there be none . she look down at she son - he breathe grow lower and lower . it seem he 's at the end . she hold he to she and close she eye as fire and debris rain down around they . SARA our...our Father who art in heaven , hallow be thy name . thy Kingdom come . thy will be do . on earth as it be in heaven . a huge crashing sound - and she hold he tighter - think this be it for both of they ... flame rise all around they ... SARA ... though I walk through the Valley of the shadow of death ... a faint voice join she ... matt ( weakly ) I will fear no evil ... she look down and see Matt look back at she . SARA & matt ...for thou art with I ... just then a chunk of the wall give way and a huge spray of water shoot in from the outside - force the flame back . arm suddenly grab both of they - it 's Peter and a fireman who together pull they out to the air . we be leave for a second still in the burn room - and as it completely fill with smoke and flame it seem we can hear a faint voice continue ... jonah ( 0.s. ) -..and I shall dwell in the house of the Lord for ever . 174c 2b 105 . ext . the house - continuous 174c as the hose blast away the ash and char we see Matt - not Matt / jonah - just Matt . and he look better than we have see he look so far . eye bright . skin clear . he look damn good . especially for a dead boy . it 's impossible - no burn - no wound - and no sign of either the disease or the cure or anything he 's be through . he look practically pink and new as the day he be bear . Old popescu see this and fall to he knee in prayer . and as all three of they reach the lawn they be mobbed with joy by Wendy and the kid . Peter then put he arm around he son and they hug . then they look up at the pre-dawn sky , still full of star . peter they do not look dead to I . matt no . they get plenty of life leave . million of year of life . behind they - section of the house collapse as the firemen pour water at it . the blast of water and wind send debris churn out into the street and into the gutter . and the water that pour down the edge of the street carry odd horrifying bit of the nightmare that reign inside : skull , char bone , fragment of drawing and photograph glow with ash and a half burn stuff animal , it 's button - eye still hang by a thread , all flow down the gutter towards a storm drain sewer . SARA ( 0.s . ) I do not really care if people do not believe . fade out . fade in : that documentary - style silhouette of Sara talk . 2b 106 . SARA ( cont 'd ) I know what happen . the doctor and nurse know . my family know . and my son 's alive . and well . and that 's all that matter . they do say the Lord work in mysterious way . but they never warn you just how mysterious that way really be . ( straight to camera ) consider yourself warn . fade to black and ... roll super : Matt Campbell be find to be a completely healthy , normal teenager . his cancer have never reappear . the case be record in Connecticut hospital record as a rare case of ' spontaneous remission . 's the aickman house have be rebuilt , restore , and resold . no subsequent occupant have complain of any disturbing manifestation .