last picture show SAM ( " dhe lion " ) ... sonny crawford . . tacksone seoee jacy farrow . «.ceee - 9 biliy . os eee eee eee RUTH popper ... lot farrow . wee e eee genevieve . eee oeeee herman popper ...+.. lene eee esceeeeece farrow . see . e eee lester marlow .......-. charlene dugg ....-+- 0. tall , about 17 , good -locuke jock ; sonny 's best friend . vne prettiest girl in towm , '' cheer - leader and 2 wnholesome - loox seventeen , a retarded kid , in he early teens , sweet , abstract , mute ; love movie , the coach 's wite , plein , drab and sundown , ruthan she Zorty year , but abtractive beneath it all . dacy 's mother , a rangy , tail blond ' qo , still most attractive . ive brunette , in she il shapely and hig gh - gn ath ete go , belly stout . local pool shark , foreman on a oil rig , in nis early thirty . tail with heavy black hair , neaviy iex , lois ' - look but '' with . 40/2/70 aracter ( cont would ) Rev. job bcs blanton . ..... eobsy jimmie sub assess miss mosey.a.. eee annie ~annie martin ... sherif oe . ee eer er eeee andy fanner ... ccceeee sohn cecil . «see eee leroy malone ... ,..208 . marlene dugg .....ee - jackiz lee french .... sandy sheen . ae jobnny oo cece eee eee bud mood . eee ee oe Kenny woop 77790 " mexican boy ... en vee mexican mexican old mexican . eee eee ee aghes bean . s....e0 ee tommy logan ... see pornographer .. whore . ...00 - , eo eeee .ad fat , ugly will . around 16 or 17 , a nair . ond wachlvwa palic . n , the the iecal drive - in and a on the side , , cléerly ledy , plea run the picture 's '' . boboy 's girl , tall , willowy , gracerul . pleasant man , teach English high school . +.. wion @ heavy drawl and sex cn kis mind . | i .. , teenage brother wasabout lo , red-light aee@ daurneny «+. several shade and suss . fev. 16/2/70 character ( cont would ) mr , wean ... eee eee eve eee es pacucan basketoeil n wno usually ts economy . winnie snip ... sere vece ere ee vary J ecout 17 . monroe se ceeeeescacrecereseeeeeed gill , skinny deputy sherif ?. brother blanton , ...ee0.0-.--.008 Bob 's father , end the local preacher , quite penatical , mrs , clarg .. esse eee eee eee ee ed mard-jaw , redneck woman . * molly clarg . cs eceeeeeeeessce ear five - year- old daughter . * oklahoma patrolman .....-...-- tall , young , yair . elmer . eee ececerseeceesenenere oklshon deputy sheriff . delve weserensesnveseveverevevd red-haire cxiehome prisoner . mrs . jackson . cee eae eee ee ee dusng be mother , a thin , hesgird waman . chester easewcccceveccereseceam gdle-age , tall 5 eqy and 5 girl ..........- 2rom wichita fell at a nude swinning party . DB mechanic . 14.0 ... - eee eee ee dotn seedy-look . mexican boy , girl ......+..- and livé child of Mexico . a trucker ... ese , sere ee pse , a driller a pumper filling sration man boy and girl . eevee erase eee 3 the archer City énd paducah school ; basketball end yootssll pleyer , presnmen , senior , etc , : 'w mother S , neighscrs , townspsople , cowboys , rcuchnecks ...... , ...9 for archer City . fade in : ext . archer CITY square - dawn 1 cold , windy morning in Texas . except for one car -- a old white nash that belong to andy fanner , the night - watchman , the square be desert . wind blow the curling dust down the empty main street , past the picture show , a laundry , a dinky beauty parlor , a grocery store . a black chevrolet pickup , vintage 1941 , be cough its way up the long road toward the square . 's pi ip cl CITY squar : — dawn 2 sonny crawford riddle intently with the choke , try to keep the pickup run . the radio be on but the sound of the motor all but drowm it out . in front of the picture show , the pickup die and the popular 1951 song fill the cab . sonny relax , yawn , peer at the movie poster a moment . ( he wear a Levi jacket and he hair be neatly comb -- except for a cowlick at the back , which stick straight up ; now and then , he try to smooth it down . ) before hit the starter again , he blow into he hand . the pickup grind for a minute , then kick off -- sonny race the engine before move on . at the red light he look over at fanner , who be asleep in the front seat ; he foot , in heavy brogan , be visible , propped on the dashboard , a pickup with three horse in it go through the light . sonny start to turn toward the pool - hall , but far down the street see a figure sweeping , and drive that way instead . billy be sweeping down the white line , toward the city limit sign , ribbon of dust around the broom . ( he too wear a fray Levi jacket -- also a old red baseball cap . ) sonny pull up beside he and tap he horn . billy look up , grin happily , trot around and get into the cab . sonny make a sweeping u-turn , reach over and turn billy 's cap around backwards . billy grin . the song be over and a announcer come on : cottonseed clark ( v.o. ) folk , ol 's cottonseed Clark talkin 's at you -- we will get some more good music out to you in a minute but first let I say a word or two about this wonderful purina poultry chow ... Rev. 10/2/70 2. 4 00 : - dawn 4 sonny park in front of the poolhall ; he and billy hurry in -- the dust blow . lr poo : - dawn 5 near the front , there 's a counter , a small candy case , and a green Dr. pepper machine . SAM ( " the lion " ) be bent over the snooker table , brush the feel care - fully and slowly . ( he wear a old mackinaw and a pair of thoroughly run-down sheepskin house shoe . ) he wince at the inrush of cold wind , but give the boy no more than a glance . as he bend to brush again he be seize with a cough fit and have to stop brush - ing until the fit subside , go behind the counter for he cough medicine . during Sam 's seizure , billy pick up a piece of pool - chalk and ildy begin to lick it . sonny get himself a peanut pattie and a Dr. pepper ; put a nickel on the counter and go over to stand right in front of the old , open-burner gas stove to warm himself . Sam start to roll a cigarette . SAM ( fondly ) well , you have already spend a dime today an’ you be not even have a decent breakfast . Sam hold out he hand for the chalk billy be lick . billy , he tongue quite green , hand it to he , and come to stand next to sonny , who grab he cap . Sam watch as billy lunge for it and sonny feint and throw it across the room . - billy go to get it . SAM ( lighting cigarette ) I be surprised you have the nerve to come in this mornin’ , after the stompin’ y’all take . sonny ( munch candy ) coulda be worse . sonny idly take a cue stick , as the sound of very loud muffler be heard . billy look nervously outside as sonny do . Rev. 10/6/70 3. 6 ext . poolhall ( Pov ) - dawn 6 abilene be see get out of he soupe - up , shiny mercury , wear sunglass . SAM ( during the above ) you can say that ' bout nearly everything . 7 int . poolhall - dawn 7 SAM ( continue ) a few football team have have some luck with tackle -- keep the other team from scoring quite i so often . sonny sound too rough for I . abilene come in , give they a nod , unzip he cover - all and hang they on a nail . ( his flannel shirt have pearl button , and he gabardine pants be well - press . ) billy begin to sweep along one side of the poolhall , restlessly . SAM you do not even care if it be you last game -- you be not ever gonna get stomp for you own high school again -- where 's you school spirit ? sonny ( glance at : abilence ) i do not know -~ SAM | ( to sonny ) you workin’ today ? sonny ( nod ) the truck 's bein’ grease . Sam reach beneath the counter and lay abilence 's ivory - band , jointed cue on the counter . abilene lay he sunglass on the counter and Sam automatically put they in a drawer . ( continued ) Rev. 10/6/70 4. 7 continued : 7 abilene look at Sam as he assemble he cue . Sam look at he , get the point , take out a old but well - stuff wallet , and hand abilene a fifty dollar bill . both be quite cool when they eye meet . SAM ( to sonny ) see -- this here 's what I get for bettin’ on my hometown ball team -- oughta have better sense . abilene uput he cue together ) would not hurt if you have a better hometown . billy sweep to the door , scared of abilene ; he go out as abilene come by sonny , who hold the cue awk - wardly , wishing he have never pick it up . abilene add the fifty dollar bill to a huge wad hold together by a money clip . abilene ( continue ) ~*~ mind pointin’ that at the floor a till I get by ? I do not want my eye poke out . sonny hurriedly point the cue at the floor . SAM do not let billy get too far away , will ya , son ? | . abilene | you be a damn sight more dangerous 1 in a poolhall than you be on a foolball field . ever hear of tackle ? sonny put up he cue . abilene break a rack of red - ball , move smoothly around the table . Sam start to cough again and sonny go out . 8 T. poolhall - day 8 billy be three door away , sweeping at the swirl dust . as sonny catch up with he , a pickup stop in the mid - ddle of the street . three young roughnecks huddle in the back , they coat collar turn up . one be duane i '' jackson , who jump out quickly , hold a old lunch pail . ( continued ) '' Rev. 10/2/70 8 continued : 8 sonny hey , duane ! duane Boy , I froze my ass last night . he and sonny grab billy , each get a arm . as they hustle he back to the poolhall , the driver of the pickup honk he horn at they , and yell out he window . driver why the fuck can not you kid learn to tackle ?! at a loss for a reply , the boy look at each other , hustle billy back to the poolhall , and turn to go . Sam lean out the door with a green change - sack in he hand , yell over the wind . SAM how about takin 's Genevieve some change -- since you be go ? he heave the sack underhanded -- duane leap up and catch it one -hande , trous along , fade , and throw a short pass to sonny , who catch it , stop , stoops , and center the sack back to duane . they go on down the street , spiritedly throw the sack back and forth between they . two mechanic be stand near the cafe , one of they morosely kick at the tire of he car . they observe the boy without change they poker - face expression . 1st mechanic look at that , Larry . they can catch . larry ( slow drawl ) feisty sonsofbitch , be not they ? wisht they could tackle . 1st mechanic or do somethin’ useful . team be not worth a kiss - my - ass this year . the boy stop and frown , but the two man sullenly stare they down , so they g6 into the cafe , which be rundown on the outside -- much of the paint peel off , the sign not hang straight . Rev. 10/2/70 : 6. 9 int . cafe — day 9 small , clean and cozy , with bright linoleum , four red leatherette booth , several stool , and a shiny juke - box , which be play . two cowboys be sit at the counter , a driller with a toothpick in he mouth be at the cash register , and some roughnecks occupy two of the booth . duane toss the sack one final time , but in catch it sonny almost run into genevieve , carry - ing several plate of sausage and egg in she hand . stepping back , the swinging door to the kitchen hit she on the behind ; she fix they with a fond but stern eye . genevieve all right , you boy , knock it off -- I get problem enough without you play the game over again . a cowboy look around at they with disgust . * sonny smile at she and put the sack on the counter . sonny we coulda run off to Mexico with this , you know . the boy laugh and stand in front of the jukebox as = , Genevieve wait on table . sonny toss a quarter up i and catch it , study the selection . when he tos - ~ ses it up again , Genevieve catch it . genevieve ( go into kitchen ) down - payment on breakfast . let somebody prosperous play the jukebox . duane ( grin ) nobody prosperous would eat here . sonny laugh , and so do duane . they take a booth and empty they pocket , pool they money -- very little . sonny well , I be not so hungry . duane I be ! ( a little anxiously ) say , y' want the pickup first tonight ? co ( continued ) '' Rev. 10/6/70 7. 9 10 continued : 9 sonny naw . duane I ought not to get it first ever ! Saturday night -- it 's half yours . sonny aw , go ahead . duane . ( relieved ) you sure ? a lanky cowboy stop by they table on the way out , look down at they , a toothpick in he mouth . the boy do not notice he . sonny sure I be sure . anyway , I get lot of delivery -- have to go clear to Ranger this afternoon . duane okay . sonny ( notice the cowboy ) be lucky to get back in time for the second show . duane follow sonny 's look to the cowboy , whose expre - — sion be somber , almost grave . after another silent moment , he shake he head , say " tsk , " return the toothpick to he mouth , and walk on out , never once change he expression . the boy look at each other hopelessly . CUT to : ext . TEXAS road — day 10 sonny drive out of town in a old , batter , green International truck , with " farley butane and propane " lettere on the cab . it pass the city limit sign , go up the long road between pasture of leafless , black mesquite , and over empty , windblown ridge . the country look very cold , empty -- the grey ridge stretch far away . he sing with the radio . CUT to : Rev. 9/24/70 a1 12 13 14 . untry _ f. = '' 11 sonny be fill a butane tank . the door of the truck be open and the radio be play a hillbilly hit . a couple of chow dog be barking at he from behind a fence . cuUT to : ext. cc [ ow _ -. night 12 the square be empty except for six or eight car park in front of the picture show . there be no one at the ticket window , so sonny just go in . int . picture show lobby — night 13 miss mosey be scraping out the popcorn machine ; she look up and smile at sonny . miss mosey my goodness , sonny , Frank eught not to work you so late on weekend -- sonny that 's what I keep tell ‘im . miss mosey you be not get in in time for the comedy in three week . hope you do not want no popcorn , ' cause there be not none . sonny hand she a dollar and take a package of gum . miss mosey ( continue ) miss the newsreel , too . and the main show 's do start -- I 'il just change you thirty cent . pic es ! = 14 there be only slightly more than a score of people seat inside . charlene and marlene dugg be sit on the aisle , near the front . sonny come down , tap marlene on the shoulder ; the two scoot over a seat and he sit next to charlene , who wear he football jacket . ( continued ) Rev. 10/2/70 8a . 14 continued : 14 * charlene ( not whisper ) I decide you have a wreck . sonny hold out the gum . the girl instantly take stick and pop they into they mouth almost simul - taneously . sonny nudge charlene and gesture with he head . the two get up and move toward the back . they pass billy sit alone , the broom beside he , he expression one of deep content as he watch the movie . charlene turn to be kiss , then stop to take the chew gum out of she mouth . they kiss , sonny keep - ing he eye on the movie . charlene sigh , lean back , and languidly put the chew gum back in she mouth . ( continued ) ed 14 continued : 14 charlene guess what ? sonny ( not look at she ) what ? charlene it 's we anniversary . sonny ( look at she ) what ? charlene we be go steady a year tonight . sonny ( pout ) you shoulda get I some anniversary present . sonny well , you can have another stick of gum -- that 's all I get on I . he notice duane and jacy farrow come in a front exit . charlene you can give I a dollar , too - that 's what it cost I and marlene for the show . sonny hand she the gum only , as duane and jacy sit down just in front of they , nodd as they do . jacy ( whisper gaily ) hi , what you all do back here in the dark ? sonny look at she wistfully , with yearn . charlene frown and begin to pop she finger joint , sit up , very prim and proper as jacy and duane begin to kiss passionately . charlene I do not see why they should get the pickup first all of the time - all they wanna do be neck anyway - why do they even come to the show ? sonny try to watch the movie . Rev. 10/6/70 10/10a . 15 16 17 18 int . picture show lobby ~- night 15 Sam be open the front door of the theatre as a few people straggle out . billy be already sweeping . sonny and charlene exit , marlene right behind they . ext . picture show - night 16 miss mosey struggle with a large poster that be flap - ping in the wind . Sam come out to help she . duane and jacy hold hand and dash off toward she convertible , which be park across the street . ad lib " good night . " sonny and charlene start unhappily toward the pickup , not hold hand . marlene be leave wait at the curb , shiver , as the other couple drive away . CUT to : ext . CITY lake — night 17 sonny 's pickup stop by the desolate , desert lakeside -- after a moment the light go out . sonny ’s_p c = nigh 18 * charlene sit close to sonny -- as steady should . charlene crack you window an’ leave the motor run -- it 's still too cold in here . sonny open the window a crack . the little light from the radio show we they face as a tune plays . charlene take off the football jacket , and matter - of - factly lift she sweater , humming along with the radio . sonny unhook she bra , remove it , and hang it on the rear-view mirror . he touch she . ( continued ) o _ Rev. 10/2/70 il . 18 continued : 18 charlene eeh ! you hand be like ice . sonny ( try to kid she ) I could put.on my glove . they kiss a while -- then stop . sonny hold one of she breast in he hand ; both of they be listen to the radio . suddenly charlene look at sonny angrily . | charlene what 's the matter with you ? you act plain bored . sonny be startle , kiss she and abruptly lower he hand . charlene catch it at the navel and break the kiss . charlene ( continue ) quit ! quit ! sonny you say this be we anniversary ~~ let 's do something 's different -- charlene I like that -- you cheapskate ! you never ever give I a present an’ now you want to go right ahead and get I pregnant . sonny my God , charlene -- it be just my hand ! charlene scoot back across the seat , and take she bra off the rear-view mirror . charlene yeah , and one thing lead to another -- momma tell I how that old stuff go -- we 'il have plenty a time for that when we get marry . sonny ( watch she fix she 's bra ) you be not no livelier than I . ( continued ) '' Rev. 18 9/24/70 12 . continued : 18 charlene that 's ' cause you be not good - look enough . you be not even get a ducktail . ; sonny like Van Johnson ... charlene yeah . I be do late anyway -- * let 's go home ~- some anniversary . sonny twist the knob on he steering wheel and stare * at the water . sonny if you feel that way , I have just as soon break up , charlene -- charlene what !? sonny ( back up ) I do not want to spoil no more anniversary for you . charlene that 's the way nice girl get treat in this town ! I know you be not . dependable . ( take off jacket ) you be not even in the backfield , either . sonny what 's that get to do with it -- ? charlene this jacket 's get a hole in the pocket , but you need not as 's I to sew it up . and you can give I back my picture . I do not want you showin’ ‘em to a lot of other boy and tellin’ they how hot I be . sonny ( depressed ) you be not very hot . CUT to : Rev. i9 20 21 10/2/70 omitted int . cafe ( thru window ) -— night sonny be sit at the counter eat a cheesburger , wear he football jacket . ( " co - Captain " stitched across the front in green thread . ) Genevieve wipe the counter across from he . . the jukebox be play quietly . int . cafe - night sonny watch Genevieve a little longingly , until she turn to he , come over . genevieve I hope you be not down in the mouth ' bout charlene . sonny I be not blue about she ... genevieve she do not even have a good disposition -- what be you blue about then ? sonny ( shrug ) ai not nobody to go with in this town . jacy 's the only pretty girl in school and duane 's get she . . genevieve I have call that he tough luck -- y’do not have to eat so fast ... y’ai not in a race . jacy 'il bring he more misery than she ’1ll ever be worth . sonny watch she as he take a last bite and hand she a ten-dollar bill . genevieve you dad give you this ? sonny ( shaking he head ) he need all he 's get . sonny nervously begin pop toothpick out of a dispenser . Genevieve make change . ( continued ) 13 . 19 20 21 * Rev. 10/2/70 14 , 21 continued : 21 genevieve would not hurt you to take a little something from he once in a while . I do not know -- you and duane -- both in a boardinghouse -- he with a mother , you with a father . do not seem right . an’ you dad 's takin 's too many pill , you know . sonny ( nervously ) yeah . Genevieve slap at he hand to make he let the tooth - * pick alone and he walk over to the jukebox and comb he hair in the reflection . genevieve ( reflective ) but then I be no one to talk . I never get on with mama -- still do not . sonny say , I hear Dan 's goin 's back to work soon -- I guess you will be quittin 's before long . sonny come back and get one more toothpick , as * Genevieve draw herself some coffee . genevieve honey , we get four thousand dollar worth of doctor bill to pay -- I 'il probably be make cheesburger for you grandkid . sonny well , see ya tomorrow . * he go out ; she stare after he for a moment . CUT to : 22 omitted 22 * 23 - day 23 of mr . JOHN cecil be seat cheerfully on the edge of he C 4 desk , a book open in he hand . ( continued ) Rev. 23 10/2/70 continued : 23 the class be just settling down amid much rustling of book . duane and sonny throw punch across the aisle ; jacy have just take out she mirror , and joe bob blanton be slick back he dandruffy blond hair with a comb . leroy malone pop agnes bean 's bra strap loudly ; she look at he fiercely . winnie snip and bud wood be also there . mr . cecil well , I wonder what my chance be this morning of interesting you kid in John keat . duane none at all . General laughter ; duane look for jacy 's reaction -- she be study she mouth . Joe Bob raise he hand , seriously . mr . cecil Joe Bob ? joe bob I read that poem of this * bout the nightingale , and it do not sound so good to I . sounded like he want to be a nightingale . mr . cecil no , not really -- he -- joe bob I think it 's silly of all this poet to want to be somethin’ besides what the Lord make ‘em . it 's criticize the Lord . mr . cecil I do not think he want to be a nightingale , Joe Bob . maybe he just want to be immortal . joe bob ( smugly ) all you have to do to be immortal be lead a good Christian life . anybody can do it if they love the Lord . leroy pop agnes 's strap again ; she take off she shoe and hit he in the nose with it . Mr. cecil look at they fondly . ( continued ) 15 . '' Rev. 10/2/70 16 . " 23 24 continued : ( 2 ) 23 mr . cecil maybe so , Joe Bob , maybe so . here , now let I read you this -- " when old age shall this generation waste thou shalt remain , in midst of other woe than ours , a friend to man ... " while Mr. cecil read , Joe Bob open he chenistry book , duane doze on he arm , sonny look out the window at two dog sniff around each other on the * front lawn . jacy study she mouth , leroy rub he * nose . * int . gym - day 24 the coach sit in a bridge chair , scratch he hairy gut ( part of which be visible under he sweatshirt ) ahd spitting tobacco juice into a paper cup . the team , all but exhaust , be run lap around the gym , Joe Bob far to the rear , flopping he arm des - perately . occasionally , when they pass he chair , the coach lean over and pop one of they hard with a towel . Bud and kenny wood and leroy be among they . coach run , you little piss -ant . tough it out ! tough it out ! you gotta be man like the rest of we -- be not none of you pretty enough to be woman ... here --~ Joe Bob ! quit flap you arm -- you look like a goddamn goose ! ( spit , strand , still scratch ) all right , off the court . if y’all do not jack off so much maybe some of you could stay in shape . come here a minute , sonny . tommy logan come jogging past and the coach uncon - sciously pat he on the ass as he go off the court . sonny stop in front of he , dribble a basketball , which the coach take and throw casually at Joe Bob , who be still flopping he arm . coach do I a favor and I ’1l1 do you one . sonny sure , coach . ( continued ) Rev. 10/2/70 24 continued : o 17 . 24 coach my old lady 's gotta go to than doctor tomorrow , over in olney -- you know woman , always something wrong with ‘em . sonny ( shrug ) yeah , I guess . coach well , take it from I . anyway , I be not get time to drive she . you do it for I and I 'il get you out of civics class . sonny be glad to -- best offer I have have all day . coach ( walk in ) tell she you get to get back in time for practice , so she will not stay in there too long . I get bill enough to pay already . Rev. C ) 25 26 10/2/70 deleted . '¥ ool , — y¥ 26 jacy be drive she convertible , duane and sonny with she ; the car move away from school . other kid 's car be in b.g . duane ( imitate coach ) you know what 's a matter with you 1i '1 piss ant -- !? you be not get no school spirit . ( belch ) they all laugh . suddenly with some flamboyance , sonny burst into the school song . sonny ( to tune of " Far above Cayuga 's Waters " ) anarene High School , we love you , Love you oh so grand -- we will always be so loyal loyal to a man ... ( continued ) 18 . Rev. 10/6/70 19/20/21/22. 26 27 28 continued : 26 duane and jacy join in , and the three loudly sing the song as they drive down the street , all very happy in the front seat , jacy 's hair blow . the three in defeat or victory we will always be true dear old archer , we love you and we will always fight for you . leroy 's car go by , honking loudly at they ; it be fill with teenager . omitted 27 * x! drive - in Al it - day 28 all still in the convertible -- jacy feed duane french fries -- cradling he head in she lap , radio playing . jimmie sue be get order . jacy you need a haircut . jacy dangle a french fry and duane gobbles it . sonny notice a cadillac approach as he take a big bite . sonny better watch it . here come you mother . dacy quickly make a little room between herself and duane , try to look demure . the cadillac pull up beside they . gene farrow be drive , scarcely look at the boy . lois farrow roll down she window and fix jacy with a stern look . lois jacy , we be have supper at home tonight . I x11 expect you in fifteen minute , you hear ? ( continued ) yo | 28 29 30 23 . continued : 28 jacy ( meek1ly ) okay , momma . I be just give the boy a ride . abilene drive up in he mercury as the cadillac pull out . gene give he a ingratiate smile ; abilene nod , look at lois through he sunglass . she look at he through hers , both of they expressionless . abilene give she a small arrogant smile . lois give he the finger . gene drive the car away . CUT to : . ff. ow's D : - N 29 the tv be on . gene be doze in he chair , a half - finish drink in one hand . after a moment , lois get up , a drink in she hand , and go somewhat wearily up the stair . 's oom — it 30 jacy be sit on she bed , read a movie magazine . on the dresser be a big picture of herself as " football Queen . '' a large bulletin board be cover with snapshot of herself and duane plus a few memento ( menu from the junior prom ) . stuff animal on the bedside table . lois knock , come in and lean against the door . jacy pick up a jar of blemish cream and go to the dresser , where she cleanse she face . her radio be play . lois I guess you hate I tonight . jacy ( open jar ) oh , momma , you know I love you . but I love duane , too , even if you do not like it . lois I do not care , I have just hate to see you marry he . you would not be rich any moré , and in about two month -- jacy I do not care about money -- ( continued ) co J sb Rev. 9/24/70 30 continued : 30 lois ( continue ) ~- he have quit flatter you -- jacy not at all -- lois you be pretty stupid then . jacy ( shocked ) you marry daddy when he be poor -- and he get rich , do not he ? lois ( look at china animal on bureau ) I scared you daddy into get rich , beautiful . jacy ( pout ) well , if daddy could do it , duane could too . lois not marry to you -- you be not scary enough . jacy well , you be rich and you be miserable -- I sure do not want to be like you . lois not much danger of that . ( look at duane 's photo ) have you sleep with he ? jacy momma ! ! lois ( amused ) well , we can go to the doctor sometime and we will arrange something so you will not have to worry about baby -- you do have to be careful about that . ( continued ) 24 . Rev. 30 9/24/70 continued : she eye . very young . 25 . ( 2 ) 30 jacy ( beyond helief ) but momma , it 's a sin , be not it ? unless you be marry ? you know I would not do that . lois ( loudly ) oh , do not be so mealy - mouth -- * I think if you sleep with duane * a few time you have see there * be not anything magic about he , and then we can send you to a good school -- jacy ( plaintively } but I do not wanna leave -- lois -~ where you will marry some wealthy kid -— - * * jacy why can not I just stay here and go to college in wichita Falls ? lo be ( very straight ) because everything 's flat and empty here -- and there 's nothing to do . ( pick up per - fume bottle ) May I have some of this -- ? jacy ( grudgingly ) help yourself -- do not you have any ? lois yes , but I feel like smell good right now -- do not you ever feel like do anything right now ? lois touch herself behind the ear , put she hand on she throat for a moment , savore the scent , close the cream be off jacy 's face and she look lois soften . ( continued ) Rev. 10/6/70 30 continued : ( 3 ) 30 o lois you should leave you face just like that ~~ all you really need now be a eyebrow pencil . jacy look blank and sleepy . lois touch she hair . lois ( continue ) okay , good night . jus 's remember , beautiful , everything get old if you do it often enough . so if you want to find out about monotony real quick , marry duane . lois go out . jacy look after she and go sleepily toward she bed . 31 int . farrow den — night 31 gene have go . lois freshen she drink , look at the tv a moment , then pick . up the telephone and dial . abilene 's voice hello . lois abilehe ? be you asleep ? abilene 's voice naw . lois feel like company ? 's abilene 's voice think I have drive out and see how my well be come . lois well , drill hard . you be better at oil well anyway . she hang up , and sit down at the tv with she drink . cuT to : 32 xd pper house = '' 32 vy sonny stop he pickup in front of the house . ( continued ) o Rev. 10/2/70 32 33 34 continued : 32 quite nonchalant , he walk up the sidewalk , look through doorpane and see RUTH popper sit in the live room , purse in she lap , look rather drab in a unbecome suit . she be listen to the radio . when he knock , she come to the door . RUTH oh hello , sonny , what do you want ? sonny coach say you need a driver -- RUTH ( startle ) oh . sonny do not he tell you I be come ? RUTH ( disappointed ) no , he do not mention it . I think he be go to drive I himself . I guess he just could not get off . she hand he the key chain and he go to get they plymouth out of the garage . she go to turn off the radio . CUT to : int . popper plymouth ( olney ) — day 33 the wind be blow , as they drive . sonny be try to think of something to say , look over at she . she daub at she eye with a kleenex . he look forward again . Ruth open she lipstick , hold it a minute and put it back in she purse without use any . CUT to : ext . olney clinic — day 34 sonny be wait in the car -- the radio play . as Ruth come out of the clinic , the wind blow she hair . sonny open the door for she ; she be cry as she get in , a strand or two of hair stick to she wet cheek . they drive off . Rev. 9/24/70 27a . 35 int . popper plymouth ( country ) — day 35 sonny look at she nervously . she be still cry , look out at the bleak country . ( continued ) Rev. 35 36 37 10/2/70 28 . continued : 35 sonny be it something bad ? RUTH no . it 's just ... something dreary . they drive on in silence . cur to : sonny pull in , switch off the car . Ruth be look dully ahead , at nothing . sonny fiddle with the car key , then go around and open the door for she . RUTH oh . . thank you . sonny here 's the key . guess I better , get back to school . ext . popper garage - day . 36 RUTH it be nice of you to drive I . sonny beat sittin’ through civics . RUTH would not you like to come in and have a Coke -- if you can stand I for a few more minute . she look at he apologetically , not take the key . the wind blow . sonny okay . reluctantly he follow she through the back door. and into the kitchen . RUTH I hate this norther . int . popper kitchen ~ da 's 37 small , messy , the breakfast dish have not be wash or the table clear . Ruth can barely find a place to set she purse . sonny do not know whether to stand or sit . ( continued ) - o Rev. 10/2/70 continued : 37 RUTH would you prefer milk ? just sit at the table -- or you can go right now if you like . I be just scared to be alone for a minute -- I be sorry I make you come in . sonny I ' will take a Coke . she get he one , watch he drink ; suddenly , to he amazement and disgust , she burst out crying again , loudly , put she head in she arm and sob , body shak - ing . sonny do not even want to swallow what he have in he mouth . after a moment , she look up and try to stop . RUTH you will never forgive I , I know . go on , you do not have to stay any longer . sonny thank you for the coke. ( push chair back ) I guess you 'il be glad when basketball season be over . RUTH why ? sonny well , coach probably do not get to stay home much during football and basketball season . she lay down she napkin and look at he as if for the first time . stop cry . RUTH my God . you do not know a thing about it , do you ? she stare at he a long moment -- he get uncomfortable . RUTH you better go on to basketball practice . he stand up , awkwardly . sonny well , thanks for the Coke . ( continued ) 29 . Rev. 10/2/70 30/31/32. 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 she nod . he back out and leave . she look after he unhappily . 38 omitted 38 39 ° ext . popper house = day 39 sonny come out quickly , look very relieved . he run up the street to he pickup . 40 40 through omitted through * 46 46 47 ext . american legion hall - night 47 the Christmas dance be in progress , the hall strung with decoration . a hillbilly band saws away . people file in , laugh and clap one another on the back . !' as jacy drive up in she convertible , lester marlow , a more citify boy , come to she , bourbon flask in hand . she be uninterested in he . lester hi , jacy . jacy oh , hi. ( continued ) nd Rev. 9/24/70 47 continued : lester \( pause ) duane come ? ( jacy nod ) say , you know Bobby sheen , do not you -- over to wichita Falls ? jacy sure -- meet he at the country Club . lester well , he 's gonna have a midnight swimmin’ party tonight . wanta run over there with I later ? jacy io can not -- lester I guess you hear about the last one -- he folk be go to Miami and everybody swim naked . jacy yeah ? lester his folk be go again -- so it 'o probably be pretty wild . sure wish you could come -- Bobby have great party . a lotta kid from the Club gonna be there . lester and jacy see duane and sonny pull in ; he start to back off , as duane come over , lester rakishly take another of bourbon , go into the dance . hind then . jacy gee , lester , I have like to go -- I be gonna have a big problem with duane though <- ( frown ) well , do not go off without -- maybe I can . jacy ( continue ) hi , duane . ( continued ) sip sonny wander in be - o Rev. 9/24/70 47 48 continued : ( 2 ) 47 duane what would lester want ? jacy who ? oh , lester -- he 's such a bore . dacy kiss duane , look at he fondly . behind they , abilene and jackie lee french , be go into the dance . jacy ( continue ) I leve you so much tonight . I wish we could stay together all night . in 's — _ nigh ' 48 as abilene and Jackie come in , lois , who have be danc - ing and be a little flushed , come over , wear a low - neck dress -- the center of most eye . she give abilene a kiss on the mouth , hand lock around he neck . Jackie Lee be angry . gene turn away . lois merry Christmas . abilene uh , this here 's Jackie Lee french . Jackie Lee , this be lois farrow , my boss 's wife . lois hello , Jackie . jackie what do you mean kissin’ she like that -- I be embarrassed to death . lois french ? that you name or something you like to do ? * Jackie Lee 's mouth fall open . abilene be amused . * jackie I oughta slap you face . lois ( smile ) you can not even reach it , honey . * ( continued ) 34 . Rev. 10/2/70 35 . 48 continued : 48 abilene I never come here to referee no fight . lor good -- then you can dance with I . 49 take he arm and pull he toward dance floor . abilene get yourself a drink , honey . i’1l be back . stricken , Jackie Lee turn away angrily , walk toward refreshment stand , pass Ruth and coach popper , in a corner ; he be irritate . coach Hell , you never feel well , RUTH I be sorry , herman . could not you please take I home ? coach take yourself home . ( give she car key ) I get some domino player wait oh I . he walk away . Ruth look after he , miserably , as abilene and lois dance by . lol hi , Ruth ! the band plays on . people take refreshment . Men play domino . Mr. cecil dance with he wife . charlene be there with a junior . Joe Bob be eat cookie . leroy come by and take they out of he hand . sonny stand about awkwardly . jacy and duane dance by lester -- she signal he over duane 's shoul - der . abilene and lois dance by grandly . aware that she mother be upstage she , jacy pout openly . jacy it 's too hot in here . let 's go outside for a while . ( continued ) oxaye . jacy do not wint a lot of drunk hillbillte i onvy's father wateniay than he cvoase to sonny . of-al-ll sonny pateer on gp sunny ov-3l-l4 father | toatis good . : sony . | well , 396 ya . - setiomoaL 3 shaug -.0ur cat cy-3l-l1 i . i i i | ing . on ny. laake . . a ) ~ wood soatyask = 00 i duane T get something to give you , anywaye steal en : leu tasy go , they pass sonny stand alone at the side . va née ks out . his father , look after he then move ous in anoth 1 ' 4 i t 1 7 t ' ' Rev. 10/2/70 49 50 continued : as they go , they pass sonny stand alone at the side . ext T duane okay . jacy I do not want a lot of drunk hillbilly tromping on my foot . duane I get something to give you , anyway . legit - at the pickup , duane reach under the front seat and get a package , hand it to she shyly . jacy you mean my Christmas present ? duane yeah . jacy oh goodness . I have not get you anything yet . duane ( starry - eye ) that 's okay . jacy I just could not get loose for a minute to shop . duane ( huskily ) I hope you like it . save up for six month , to get it . jacy unwrap the package -- it 's a wrist watch . jacy oh , it 's jus’ beautiful . it 's just what I have be want . you be so sweet , spend all that money on I ! ( passionate kiss ) oh , you be so sexy , duane . , I just wish I do not have to leave you tonight . ( continued ) she brighten . Rev. 9/24/70 37 . 50 continued : 50 o duane ( surprised ) you do not ! jacy | ( look unhappy ) oh , I do too . I could just kill my mother -- duane what do you mean ? jacy ( might cry ) ; she make I promise to go to a swim party in wichita , with what 's he name -- lester marlow | -- ' cause he folk be so rich . | duane well , goddamn ! what kinda thing be that ?! jacy i do not be mad at I , duane . * duane I be not mad at you , but goddamn -- * can not I come too ? jacy . no , no ! it 's all lester 's fault * -- he keep askin’ momma -- and ... * duane well , goddamn -- ! jacy all I wanna do be stay with the man I love . she kiss he , sprawl across he lap , take one of he hand , guide it downward to she panty . duane can hardly believe it . he hesitates , then proceed . jacy look slightly martyre . duane expect to be stop , but be not -- grow bolder . jacy seem about to give way , but when duane try to lay she down in the seat , she push he off . . gacy dd no , no , duane , I gotta go . * ~ I gotta go . * Le Rev. sl 10/2/70 she quickly get out . too flustered to stop she , duane straighten hig shirt , then see lester step out on the hall porch . jacy get in lester 's convertible . duane rush up the step , grab lester by he lapel . straighten she hair , jacy watch . duane you chickenshit , you ! what do you mean , ask my girl for a date ? a corw immediately begin to form around they . lester be scared but try to keep up a front . lester turn I loose . duane 1/11 turn you loose any time you be ready to fight -- let 's have it out ! as he put up he fist , the sheriff loom between they , wear cowboy hat cigar . sheriff here now . none of that shit , boy . this here 's the Christmas season ! ( slap duane 's fist ) run on there , wichita . I can not stand here all night protectin’ you shoeshine . lester hurry down to the convertible . duane stand fume , clenching he fist . jacy I do not know what I be go to do about he -- he 's just so crazy about I he do not have good sense . lester I be not say anything against duane , but that 's a roughneck for you -~ they never be very sophisticated about this thing . as the car pull out , the sheriff casually slap duane on the back . sherifp well , merry Christmas ! cy ed Rev. 10/6/70 52 int . ierican legio : —_ nigh sonny watch the dancer wistfully , go into a game room where the coach and some other be play domi - noe . coach Hell , you ask I , too bad we get election come up next year - — — now we get Harry Truman in there . ‘f it be I , I would not have no more . domino player # 1 well , I do not know ... domino player # 2 hey , you boy hear any joke ? I be not hear one in a month a Sunday . coach well , I hear one ' bout a guy who stick a big 01 's fat dill pickle ... sonny go into the kitchen where Ruth be gather empty punch cup and dirty paper plate into a large trash basket . RUTH hello , sonny . sonny hi . RUTH want to help I ? sonny sure , ( pick up cup ) RUTH you be not dance . do not you have a girlfriend ? sonny I do have . we break up a couple month ago . RUTH why ? do you mind my ask ? sonny I be goin’ with charlene dugg -- she think I get fresh with she -- ( continued ) ) ) ) 53 Rev. 10/6/70 39a . s2 continued : 52 — , 4 Ruth raise eyebrow , then head for back door , carry - * ing she basket ; sonny follow . * sonny ( continue ) I never do , really . I guess we break up ' cause we do not like each other much to begin with . ext . american legion alley -— night 53 the only light come from a street lamp a block away . RUTH I hope you be not sad about it -- I do not think chariene 's nearly nice enough ... sonny I do not see you dance . RUTH no . I do not dance much . they dump the cup into thé barrel , be suddenly very close . Ruth lift she head and they kiss . they mouth do not hit just right and she hold he face and gently guide he mouth to hers . RUTH will you drive I to the clinic again -~ next week ? * sonny you bet . he bend down to find she mouth and kiss so hard that she head be push back . a car turn the corner and they hastily break apart , pick up they wastebaskets awkwardly . RUTH better not dawdle here . cuuut to : Rev. 10/2/70 54 = B y's. = 54 sandy sheen , a ten-year-old , wear a diving mask , be swim around underwater observe a group of teenage boy and girl play in the pool naked . one girl kick he away and he surface as jacy and lester come timidly in the door . bobby hey , look ! New victim . the kid stop they water fight , swim over to the side of the pool . bobby sheen make a big show of jump out of the water and shaking lester 's hand , grin . bobby hi , jacy . jacy ( meekly ) hi. bobby glad you make it . we be dress informally , as you see . Big laugh . Bobby cock he leg in acknowledgement . jacy laugh thinly , try not to look down . annie - annie martin get out of the pool , come over , put a arm around Bobby . annie-annie hi , jacy -- you wanta join the club ? jacy sure . annie-annie well , you gotta get undress out there on the diving board -- bobby so everybody get to watch ! cheer from the other . annie-annie we all do the first time . bobby that 's the rule . lester yeah , I do it last Easter . ( continued ) 40 . Rev. 10/2/70 40a. 54 continued : 54 a po annie -annie ; okay ? | : jacy okay . bobby everybody out for the strip show ! 55 everyone get out of the pool and sit on the edge , 55 kick they foot in the water . the room go quiet except for the record play . as dacy get to the diving board , she hear lester jump into the pool behind she . she gingerly climb up on the diving board , so | nervous she can hardly keep she balance . 's ( continued ) C ) ( od 9/24/70 55 56 continued : 55 she be surprised to see Sandy beneath she . bobby do not pay any attention to Sandy -- he 's my little brother -- if he goose you or anything , I 'il make he go to bed . the kid laugh , then quiet . Sandy dive underwater . hesitantly , jacy begin to strip . jacy : goodness , I hope I do not fall off this thing . bobby Sandy can fish you out , if you do . jacy strip -- just as she be take off she bra the phonograph stop and click off . sudden silence . un - herve , she almost fall , have to sit down . just beneath the board , Sandy surface , look up at she . she yank off she panty and indignantly throw they on he mask , jump into the water . everyone roar applause , jump into the pool , start splash . please with herself , jacy hold onto the side and suddenly notice that she be still wear duane 's Christmas watch , put it to she ear , listen for a moment , concern in she face . she shake it and listen again ; it have stop . she look up to see that Bobby have be watch she , smile broadly and shrug at he . CUT to : ext . amert egt ! - nig 56 duane , already a little drunk , morosely take a swig from a bottle of whiskey , pass it to leroy ; several other boy be with they as sonny and billy come up . sonny hey , duane -~ be lookin 's for ya . where 's jacy ? leroy aw , do not remind ' im -- we jus 's get ' im quiet . wanna drink ? sonny okay . where have ya get it ? leroy found it in a guy 's car . ( continued ) 41 . Rev. 10/2/70 56 continued : 56 johnny ( a small teenager ) when he be not lookin’ . duane ( suddenly ) Le 's all go do something ! johnny good idee . why not we try an’ hunt up some pussy ? bud ¥’could not do nothing ' bout it if we find some . sonny what happen , duane ? leroy aw , lester take he girl to a swimmin’ party —- duane Le 's all go out and get a fuck ! leroy hey , I know where there 's a heifer =-- belong to my uncle hank -- buddy yeah ! why the hell not ! leroy I say a heifer beat nothin’ . johnny pussy 's pussy . duane I do not want no heifer . yeah , what we oughta do be buy billy here a piece a ass . leroy yeah , we ought not to let ' im die a virgin . kid yeah . continued 43 . 56 continued : leroy momma say idiot kid do not live long anyway . sonny he ' be not no idiot kid - - he jus 's do not talk . duane Bet he 's still a virgin though . leroy yeah ! we oughta fix ' im up with jimmie Sue -- johnny ugghh . | leroy | oh , it would not make no diffrence to billy -- sonny look , I do not think we should try anything like that -- leroy why not ? it would not cost we more 'o a dollar and a half -- duane Hell , if that 's all she cost , we oughta get she ourselves . leroy shit , heifer 's better that jimmie Sue . 57-59 deleted Rev. 60 TI oughta get at least 10/6/70 44 . ext . back road -. night 60 under a flicker flashlight , over a dollar in change lie in a baseball cap . jimmie Sue be look billy * over . leroy we be a quarter short . duane sonny , you ain not chip in . sonny what if Sam the lion find out -~ ? he be not gonna care . two dollar -- this thing 's just a kid . sonny jimmie sue duane he would -- a 's I no as soon leroy not get crosswise with Sam . Hell , no , you say a dollar and a haif . jimmie sue ( open stick of gum ) well -- I guess I have jus 's as soon a idiot as not -- only thing I draw the line at be mexican and nigger , I guess I tol 's ya ' bout that nigger man in high - heel steal my suitcase right outa the bus station --. that time I go to log Angeles ... duane look , will ya lend I a quarter ~ — — | | | sonny it be not the money -- duane aw , do not be such a chickenshit , Crawford -- kenny * I get another quarter . leroy 61 okay , that 's it . holding a flashlight , leroy give jimmie Sue the 61 change ; she pocket it , climb into the car . the boy remove billy 's pants . sonny hang back unhappily . johnny nobody never take up no collection fer I . leroy cocksman like you do not need it . jimiie sue 's voice get the stupid little thing in here -- I be not get all night . they shove billy into the car , all tight with lust . - ( continued ) LA 9/24/70 61 continued : jimmie suens voice why , this be the dumbest thing I ever see -~ it do not even know what to do . sonny look worried . suddenly the car begin to roc ! the boy yell encouragement . jimmie sue 's voice you kid stop that yellin’ an’ get ahole of this thing . he be not -— - why goddamn you -- mow just look would you ? goddamn -- you stupid little thing , you could not even wait ! look at this mess ! ( continued ) 61 45 . Rev. 61 62 10/2/70 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 61 billy half - fall out of the car . jimmie Sue have bloody he nose . sonny help he with he pants , as jimmie Sue get out . jimmie sue well , now I know idiot be just as bad as mexican , do not bother I for that crazy thing no more <= T would not mess with he agin for less than three and a half ... cuT to : ext . poolhall — night 62 Sam stand in the open door , step down onto the sidewalk as the car drive up . sonny get out with billy , who run * into the poolhall . Sam stop he for a look , then let he go inside , look back at the boy as they get out . duane stay in the back seat , feign sleep . | | | | | SAM which one of you bloody he nose ? I have tell y’all not to fight with billy -~ he do not understand fight . what happen , sonny ? sonny it be not none of we , San . leroy naw , it be jimmie Sue . SAM how would he get mess up with she ? leroy ( cocky ) we chip in an’ buy he a piece of ass ~ think he be gettin’ tired of bein’ a virgin . - ( silence ) she get mad about something and bloody he nose . ( silence ) he do not even know what he be suppose to do ... Sam give they all a long look . 5 am get on home , boy . I be do with you . ( more ) ( continued ) | ) Rev. 10/6/70 62 63 64 continued : 62 SAM ( cont have ) 5 scarin 's a unfortunate creature like billy -- just so 's you can have a laugh or two . I have see a lotta trashy behavior -- see a lifetime of it -- and I be tired of put up with it . you can just stay outta this poolhall -- and outta my cafe and picture show , too -- I do not want none of you business . he look at sonny for a moment . sonny we do not mean ... for anything bad to happen , Sam ... we ... SAM you do not even have the decency to wash he face -- he go inside , close door , turn off light . Long pause . leroy we be he best customer -- he can not run we off . ( pause ) can he ? stricken , they struggle to the car , where duane sit up and grin . duane lucky I fall asleep -- I have hate not bein 's able to shoot rio pool . the boy look lose as they slowly get into the car . CUT to : ext . popper garage — day 63 the car drive in . sonny reach for Ruth 's hand ; she scoot over to he ; they kiss , awkward but warm , get out . a little reluctantly and head for the back door . int . popper bedroom - day 64 one one wall be a plaque from the Boy scout National Jubilee ; some copy of High School athletics lay on the bedside table . Ruth and sonny enter awkwardly . ( continued ) 47 . Rev. 10/2/70 4g . 64 continued : 64 o sonny you sure he will not come ? RUTH you know he will not -- he 's just start basketball practice . she take he hand again ; they kiss stand up . both nervous , they hurry about they own undress . when Ruth bend to pull the slip over she head , one of the strap catch on a bobby pin -- for a awkward moment , she face be hide in the silk . sonny move to help she , but she tear it loose . both choke with embar - — rassment , they get under the cover , Ruth first . they embrace , and he start hesitantly to move on top of she . RUTH | it 's all right . ' he move into place . the squeak of the bedspring be not loud at first , but steadily it grow , begin to distract Ruth . she become even more tense , look anguish . spring grow louder . Ruth twist , look aside . Springs grow louder . 65 omitted 65 66 = in 66 shrill loudly . 67 omitted 67 68 k sc : 68 '' Ruth begin to cry . sonny raise up to see what 's wrong -- she force he head down , hook she arm around he neck , continue to cry . he finish , the spring be silent , but tear stream down Ruth 's cheek . he look at she questioningly -- she shake she head , silent , unable to speak . sonny do not know what to say . Ruth try to smile , stroke he shoulder with one hand ; a little calmer . RUTH I be sorry I cry . I be just scared , I guess . no ( continued ) Rev. 68 a69 through d69 69 69a 70 10/2/70 49 . continued : 68 sonny aw , he be not go to come . they be runnin 's play right now , I bet . RUTH | no , not scared of that -- I be scared I could never do this , I guess . I can not do anything without cry about it -- how could you like I ? sonny ( awkwardly ) I like you . RUTH | I be glad . he kiss she . a69 omitted through d69 int . sonnyxa pickup ( thru town ) ~ dusk 69 sonny drive slowly through town , hair comb as if he be go someplace . he slow down pass the pool - hall . through the window he can see Sam , duane and billy . he drive on , slow a moment in front of the cafe to see Genevieve , serve cheesburger and laugh - ing with the customer . sonny stop at the red light , uncertain , slowly drive out to the y . * ext . C CITY ove ! 1k _— dus : 69a * sonny arrive at the y , stop , sit on the hill , the * radio on , eat a peanut pattie and look back at * the light of the town . * int . popper bedroom — day 70 the bed be neatly make up , but there be a quilt on the floor that be rumple . clothes lie around . sonny be sit at Ruth 's dresser in he underpant ; she have a man 's shirt on , be comb he hair for he ; he watch fascinate . she part it in the middle ; he laugh . a radio be play . ( continued ) _ Rev. 70 10/2/70 continued : there be a plate of cookie and a glass of milk there that sonny be casually eat . RUTH there . how do you like it ? sonny okay . RUTH you be so enthusiastic . you want some more milk ? sonny ( eat ) no , I be full . RUTH ( get sewing thing ) throw I you pants . I / 11 sew that pocket for you . I never notice how ugly this room be '' ~ what 's you favorite color -- sonny I do not know -— - blue RUTH maybe I '11 repaper it —- sonny . how come you have stay with the coach -- you do not like he 's much ? RUTH I be not bring up to leave a hushand -- I guess that 's why . or maybe I be jsut scared to . I x11 have to get you some new pants . sonny why have you marry he ? RUTH I do not know . my mother do not like he -- maybe that be it . sonny Long time ago , be not it ? ( continued ) she finish he hair . 70 49a. | : Rev. 10/2/70 70 continued : 70 RUTH um-hum ... I be twenty year old and think hairy - chest football coaches be about it . I be gonna buy we a new quilt -- a blue one . sonny what no ’ya think he have do if find we ? RUTH ( cheerful ) shoot we , probably . he 's always glad to have a excuse to use he deer rifle . CUT to : a71 - h71 deleted 50.51 . Rev. 71 tia 7138 10/2/70 x2 _ 71 soonny walk over to the cafe and loak in the window . =_dawn jia Genevieve be sit in a booth , read lady Home Journal ; a car go by in the reflection . int . cafe - dawn 718 sonny hesitates , then timidly open the door . Genevieve look up , smile . genevieve come on in -- I be not gonna throw bottle at you . ( continued ) Rev. 10/2/70 71b continued : 71b * sonny ( do it ) hi. genevieve what ' have you be doin 's -- ? you lose weight . sonny ai not have any a you cheeseburger in week -- genevieve come on -~- I x11 make you one . though it be not a nice thing you do to billy ... can not blame Sam -- be it you idea ? sonny no. genevieve duane 's ? sonny huh ? genevieve ( cooking ) he be there , be not he ? just do not have the decency to own up to it . ( look at sonny ) do not worry ~- I will not tell on he . should though . sonny that sure smell good , ( long pause ) genevieve ( look at he ) one thing I know for sure be a person can not sneeze in this town without somebody offerin’ hima hankerchief ... sonny what d'ya mean ? genevieve nothin 's -- just a awful small town for any kinda carryin’ on . ( continued ) 71b Rev. 10/6/70 continued : ( 2 ) 71b sonny ( blush ) do not forget to put some onion en . genevieve a ' some people get a lotta gun . he be embarrassed . she look at he fondly -- then chuckle . genevieve all right -- you do not need my advice anyway . why do n’tcha go play a record -- this 'il be do in a minute . sonny grin and go to the jukebox , play a tune , take a toothpick . the front door open and biliy and Sam come in . sonny be dismay . billy break into a big grin , come over at once . Sam look stern . hesitantly , sonny turn billy 's baseball cap around backwards . billy be content . sonny I just come in to say hello to Genevieve . he start for the door as Genevieve come in and set the cheeseburger down on the table loudiy . SAM sonny , you fooda 's gettin’ cold . relieved , sonny come back quickly , sit . billy join he . Sam look at Genevieve , who be smile . SAM what be you grin about ? chicken~fry I a steak . and try to use meat this time -~ she go back to the kitchen , smile . people start to come in . Sam sit with the boy . SAM Heard about the ball game last night -- mus ' be purt near a record . sonny Sam ... I be sorry ... ( continued ) Rev. 10/6/70 71b continued : ( 3 ) 72 73 SAM guess y’all need glass , sonny grin , Sam cough , blow he nose . ext . popper house ~ day cur to : 71b 72 the coach pull into he garage , take some fishing gear out and go happily in the back door . open and sonny come out quickly . omitted the front door cor to : 73 74 ext , tank dam = day Three fishing pole ara propped up at the water 's edge . 74 Sam be sit on the grass , whittling . sonny and billy be on the dam , throw stone . SAM T think you boy want to fish . come on , keep a eye on they cork , billy . billy run down to the pole , sonny sit by Sam , who start to roll a cigarétte , sonny I do not think there 's anythin’ in this tank ' cept turtles . SAM that 's what I like about it , tell ya the truth . ( about cigarette making ) wanna try one ? sonny sure . SAM ( hand he making ) I never like to clean fish -- or eat they , either -- ya spend half you time pick out bone . it jus 's come out here to get a little scenery -- too pretty a day to spend in town . sonny fumble with the paper and tobacco as Sam finish he own , look around sadly . SAM oh , I -- you would not . believe how this country 's change . first time I see it there be not a mesquite tree on it -~ or a prickly pear neither . ( light up } I use to own this land , you know . first time I ever water a horse at this tank be -- more than fifty year ago . ( pause ) reason I always drag you out here , probably -- ifm just as sentimental as the next fella when it come to old time . ( more ) 55 . Rev. 10/2/70 74 continued : 55a . 74 SAM ( cont have ) ( pop stick against shin ) ola time . sonny be have a terrible time with the cigarette . Sam take the making , do it for hin . SAM ( continue ) I bring a young lady swim here once -- must be twenty year ago . be after my wife have lose she mind -~ my boy be dead -- ( pause ) I an@ this young lady be ... pretty crazy , I guess , in pretty deep . she have all the spirit in the world ~~ and we have some timne , .. we use to come out here on horseback and swim the horse across the tank . Hell of a dangerous thing to ao -- good way to get drown . she bet I a silver dollar she could beat I -- and she do -- my horse never want to take the water . she be always on the lookout for something like that ~- something wild ... she 's still get the silver dollar . ( look at the water ) sonny ( hesitantly ) what ever happen to she ? SAM oh , she grow up . she be just a girl then , really . sonny how come you never marry she when you wife die ? SAM ( after a moment ) she be alread@gy marry . ( see sonny 's look ) she an’ she husband be young and miserable with each other -- ( more ) o ns Rev. 10/2/70 56 . 74 75 continued : 74 SAM ( cont would ) but so many marry folk be that way -- young one -- I figure they have work it out in time . think they have get comfortable when they be a little older -- do not turn out that way . sonny bein 's marry always so miserable ? SAM oh , not necessarily -- just about eighty percent of the time . ( pause ) we oughta go to a real fishin’ tank next year . do not do to think about thing like that too much ... if she be here now I have probably be crazy agin in about five minute . ai not that ridiculous ? ( pause ) I be not really . be crazy ' bout a woman like she 's always the right thing to do . ( long pause , amused ) bein 's a decrepit old bag of bone -- that 's what 's ridiculous -- gettin’ old ... the water be still , as sonny and Sam stare quietly at * it . * CUT to : NI . bobby 's den - night 75 the pool be silent , empty . the phonograph be play . in the de , two teenage couple be dance , a couple more be neck in corner . on a couch , jacy be make no attempt to conceal she disgust with lester , who be alternately kissing she neck and try to unbutton the first button on she blouse . finally succeed . jacy ma gawd , I be glad it be not on fire . I ’da burn to death before you get one button undone . * ( shove he back , get up ) I be go to get a drink of water . she go out ; lester fix he shirt . * Rev. 10/2/70 57 . 76 int . bobbya' kitchen — nigh ' 76 Bobby be spread himself a peanut butter sandwich as jacy come in . jacy hi . I wonder where you go . Annie - Annie asleep ? bobby yeah . as she come néar , Bobby casually put he hand on she crotch . taken by surprise , jacy be at a loss , but do not move away . Bobby kiss she , smile . bobby Nice . you a virgin ? jacy I guess I be . bobby ( grimace , grin ) too bad . jacy I do not wanna be though . bobby I do not blame you . come see I when you be not . curt to : Rev. 10/2/70 gy 77 78 deleted int . .. - night 58. 78 sonny and duane sit gloomily at the counter , eat some pie , the jukebox play . they sit in silence for several moment . suddenly : duane oh , why do not we jus 's take off a 's go someplace . I be sick of this town . you be the only friend I get here -- ' cept jacy -- sonny you mean go and stay go ? duane no , I do not know . we could go to Mexico , be back sometime Monday . sonny reckon the pickup have . make it ? duane it might . how much money you get ? sonny thirty buck about . duane I get about forty -- we can make she on that -- come on ! sonny okay ! they head for the door . cur to : 78a omitted 78a Rev. 10/2/70 59/60. 79 '' int . " ss pickup - nic 79 = * oo move down Main Street . Sam be sit on the curb in front of the poolhall , scratch he ankle . sonny drive up , stick he head out the window . sonny better come with we , Sam -- we nre head for the Valley . Sam come over , put foot on the run board . SAM goin 's where do you say ? duane Mexico ! sonny alla way to matamoros ! duane I hear it 's ' bout the wildest ! SAM ( astonished ) goin 's to Mexico tonight ? in this old heap of junk ? my god. sonny I guess the town can get along without we till Monday . SAM ( grin ) I reckon . if I be young enough to bounce that far I would go with you . need any money ? duane we get plenty . Sam take he wallet out , hand sonny a twenty dollar * bill . SAM better take this for insurance -- money kinda mélt when you take it across a border . an’ try not to drink too much of that buggy water . sonny ) we will just drink beer and tequila . ( continued ) Rev. 11/14/70 61 . 79 continued : 79 ad SAM you get the clap you x11 wish you have not drunk nothing . ( leck at they fondly , sigh , step back ) oh , me.t ( shake he head ) sonny duane so long . ' bye . the boy wave , pull away . Sam lift a hand with a far - away look in he eye . through the rear window , duane and sonny see he stand there , alone in the empty street . cur to : 80-89 omitted 80 - 89 o Rev. 11/14/70 62-66. 90 91 92 93 ext . archer CITY ( CITY limit ) - dawn 90 they cross past the city limit sign . int . pickup ( archer CITY ) - dawn 91 sonny drive doggedly , unshaven ; duane asleep against window , tlouth open . they have a couple of mexican hat . sonny duane . hey . wake up . we / be back duane ( eye open , unmove ) my stomach do not feel so good . get any more of that tum ? sonny you eat ‘em all ' fore we get to San antone . duane maybe Genevieve 's get something 's -- my stomach do not feel so good . duane close eye in pain . sonny look off , slow . ext . cafe — Pov -— dawn 92 it be close and dark . ickup - dawn 93 sonny it 's close . duane close ? sonny yeah . duane ( look ) I never see it close before . sonny not even for Christmas . duane ( hold head ) well , Sam 'il have something -- I be sick -- Rev. 11/14/70 67 . 93a ext . poolha - dawn 934 the pickup pull up , boy get out , stagger to door . it be lock and it 's dark inside . they peer in . 7 _ a sonny it be not that early -- duane must be some kinda holiday . sonny ( peer in ) Sam do not close on holiday . duane well , maybe he have to go someplace -- sonny let 's ask Andy . duane okay . 94 ext . bank — dawn 94 Andy be sleep with he foot stick out the window . duane shake one foot until he sit up . bewilder . sonny where be everybody ? duane it 's a wonder somebody do not steal the town . andy ( angrily ) asleep -- everybody 's get any sense . 9/24/70 68/69 . 94 continued : 94 sonny why have Sam close the cafe ? andy ( abash , get out , scratch head ) oh , yeah , you all be go , be not you -~ go to Mexico . you do not know ' bout it . duane ' Bout what ? andy Sam die yesterday morning . duane die ? andy yep -- quite a blow ! keel over on one of the snooker table . have a stroke , konny Sam the lion ? Andy nod he head . sonny and duane look at he silently . andy yep , Sam 's dead . he be quite a feller . sonny sit down on the curb , look across the street at the dark poolhall . duane kick at one of Andy 's tire . andy ( continue ) he have ' be own way of doin 's thing , that 's fer sure . they find he will -- craziest thing you ever hear . Left you the poolhall , sonny -~ what do you think of that ? ( spit , scratch - ing gut ) sonny look up , but the information barely register . ( continued ) Rev. 10/2/70 70 . 94 95 96 continued : ( 3 ) 94 andy Left Genevieve the cafe -- that 's the only thing he do make any sense . Left the picture show to old miss mosey . Hell , she 's too far go to even run a popcorn machine -- ( spit again , clear throat ) and the craziest thing of all -- he leave a thousand dollar to Joe Bob blanton -- the preacher 's boy -- beat all I ever hear of . he could just as easy have leave it to I . I deserve it least as much as that little ingorant bastard . they be all silent . the stop light blink . sonny sit stare at it . Andy sit on the fender . andy anyhow , it 's do . they be bury he tomorrow . curt to : grave 's = 95 the graveyard be on a rough , gravelly hill , the wind be blow loudly . brother blanton be praying . Joe Bob be near he . sonny , billy and Genevieve be stand together , watch the casket be lower . sonny 's sportscoat be too short at the wrist -- the wind blow Genevieve 's veil . she be cry . duane be stand back in the crowd , so be Mr. cecil . the coach and Ruth be there , as be most of the town . she and sonny exchange a look . lois farrow stand slightly apart from the rest . she be cry openly -- tear stream down she face . she wipe it with she glove . people start to move away . cuT to : ext . archer CITY - wichita fall road - day 96 a crudely - paint sign read : " senior picnic or bust - archer high , 1952 " . it be attach to a car in a line of ten car on its way down the road at a moderate pace . +e ee Rev. 97 98 99 100 10/2/70 71 . not . bud 's = of fall road ) - 97 * day it be a large old model , pack with boy : duane , sonny , Bud and leroy , all of they hack around , * kid duane with wild reference to some future event . he be take it cockily . leroy duane 's gonna get a cherry . bud sure be a ripe one . leroy I have give a lot to pluck it . bud hairy cherry pie !! * sonny be abstract , not pay attention , as he sit by the back window , look sadly out the crack window . * past he reflection , the gray waste of West Texas can * be see . the car pass a tank dam . tear come into he eye as he look out at the barren landscape , and the other boy 's wild revelry go on behind he . ext . wichita fall park - day 98 the senior class , a couple of teachers and room mother * be relax on the grass . some long table of food have be set up . a large group of the kid be play softball . Joe Bob be in a earnest conversation with Mr. cecil . leroy be pop girl bra strap . ext . wichita fall park — day 99 at one corner of the park near some bush , jacy , winnie snip and agnes bean . be surreptitiously con - gregate , glance furtively around . they look at each other and indicate for jacy to go . she slip away behind the bush . after a moment , agnes go . winnie * look across the field where she see : * ext . wichita fall - day 100 sonny and duane look at she . she nod several time . * duane nod back , and she , too , slip away . sonny and duane walk over to Bud , who give they some key , then walk toward the bush with a mock - casual manner . 102 103 104 10/2/70 - wichita ~ day 101 winnie 's car , full of jacy , agnes , and winnie -- pull up to the office of the motel . they sit inside , egging jacy to go out and register . she be shaking she head nervously , enjoy it all enormously . finally , agnes get out and head inside , follow by winnie . jacy watch excitedly . motel — da 's 102 sonny and duane drive up in Bud 's car , look around nervously . they pull in two space away from the girl 's car , where winnie and agnes sit anxiously . they eye meet . winnie point excitedly toward one of the motel room . sonny grin at duane , who get out cockily and walk over to the door . sonny and the girl exchange embarrassed smile . duane knock on the door furtively . jacy voice ( from within ) come in . omitted 103 int . wichita fall motel - day 104 d jacy be stand in the middle of the darken room , wear a new nightgown and a rapturous expression . ' duane close the door . they embrace . ' there be a long kiss . duane ( huskily ) I love you . jacy I love you , too , kiss she again , fondle she ; they sit on the bed and he take off she pajamas , look at she with disbelief . jacy oh , duane . hurry . he take off he clothes , hand shaking , roll over on top of she eagerly . they kiss again . when they part , djacy close she eye , suck in she breath . duane 's face begin to cloud . jacy wiggle ; after several moment , open she eye again . jacy what 's wrong , honey ? ( continued ) 71a . * Rev. 104 10/2/70 continued : duane be suspend over she , raise on he arm . he a expression of extreme dismay on he face . duane { choke ) um -- I do not know . jacy that tickle -- you know I can not stand to be tickle . ( continued ) 71b . 104 have 9/24/70 72 . 104 continued : 104 o a jacy shut she eye again , wait , open she eye . jacy well , what 's the matter ? be not you gonna do it ? duane I do not know what 's wrong . jacy what do you mean ? how could anything be wrong ? just go on and do it . she shut she eye , screw up she face . open they again . jacy oh ! what 's the matter with you ? duane I do not know . I do not know . something 's happen . jacy well , get off a minute , for goodness sake . you might fall and mash I . duane I do not know what happen . gloomily he sit on the edge of the bed . jacy sit up and look with vexation at the offend organ . jacy it be Mexico . no tell what you get down there . I just hate you ! I do not know why I ever go with you . duane I do not know what happen . jacy get out of bed and stalk around the room , naked and furious , hold she voice down as best she can . * jacy well , get you clothes on . you think I want to sit around here with you naked . ) furiously , she fling a towel across the room . duane start to dress . ( continued ) ve 104 105 106 Rev. 10/2/70 73. continued : ( 2 ) 104 jacy I might have know you could not do it -- now I 'il never get to not be a virgin . what do we tell everybody ? the whole class know -- I just want to cry . I think you be the meanest boy I ever see -- my mother be dead right about you . duane ( dully ) I do not know what happen . he start to leave . jacy do not go out there ! we have not have time to do it -- they 'oe know ! I do not want one soul to know ! you better not tell one soul ! ( pick up panty ) you just pretend it be wonderful ! duane well , I be sorry -- I do not know what happen . jacy ( throw panty at he ) oh ! if you say that one more time , I 'il bite you ! cut to : ext . wichita fall motel ~ day 105 * duane come out , dress , pretend cockiness , go toward sonny in the car , avoid the girl 's look . he and sonny exchange smile . int . wic ! f. = 106 winnie and agnes pile into the room . jacy be sit on the well - rumple bed , she nightgown on askew . she look at they languorously , calm , a little waste even . winnie : oh , gee -- tell we about it , jacy . what be it like ? ( continued ) Rev. 8/2/70 74 . 106 continued : 106 co ) jacy - ( after a pause ) I just can not describe it -- I just can not describe it in word . 107 int . arc I tort ! = 4 107 graduation ceremony . on the stage the teacher be sing the State song ... stand in the first two row be the entire senior class , who be in they grad - uation robe . also there be the parent of many of the senior ; also , a score of other student . winnie , agnes , sonny -~ all sing . jacy be too , but duane stand next to she , be whisper something . she just shake she head grimly , keep on sing . his voice rise slightly . duane but I can do it now -- I know I can . jacy just look annoyed . ' 108 ext . wichita fall motel — day 108 it be the same motel . the pickup be park in front of one room . after a moment the door open and jacy come out , look cross , follow by duane , who act pleased and cocky . he shut the door , smirk at she smugly , as they head for the pickup . jacy ( coldly , with authority ) oh , quit prissing -- I do not think you do it right , anyway .. curt to : 109 omitted 109 110 ' tchen u_wi = i110 * sonny come in the back door . through the window , we see Ruth 's face brighten as he enter . they embrace and kiss . she touch he cheek . the radio be play . she take he hand , lead he into : 110a popp . bedrt = 110 a Ruth go to bureau , take a package from a drawer , and give it to sonny , eye shine . ( continued ) o 9/24/70 75 . 110a continued : 110 a 111 112 RUTH it 's you graduation present . he open it quickly , find a leather billfold with he name on it . sonny I never see one as nice . they kiss again . CUT to : int . jacy 's bedroom - day : all phone ring . jacy be do she hair , let it ring * twice , then unhurriedly pick it up , cradle it in she neck . jacy hello . intercut with : ool ! — day 112 duane be on the pay phone . duane jacy ? jacy what 's on you feeble mind , duane ? duane same as it 's be ... I want a date ! jacy uh-uh -- why do not you go back to Mexico -- I guess girl be just easier to please down there . duane just go with I once more . just one more time . you can at least see I . jacy uh-uh . you find someone else to pester . I have get a new boy friend now and I can not be talk to you . ( continued ) oo 9/24/70 76 . 112 113 continued : 112 duane what new boy friend ? who ? jacy ( lazily ) Bobby sheen , of course . duane Bobby sheen ? be you crazy ? jacy I certainly be not . I guess I have just be want to go with he all along and do not realize it . maybe we ’1ll see you in wichita some time . she calmly hang up , and turn she attention back to she eye . duane throw a pool ball as hard as he can at the back wall . it scare a old man sit there half to death . duane goddamnit ! goddamnit to hell ! he throw another two . billy and sonny look on , amaze . duane storm out . CUT to : ext . archer CITY square — dusk 113 sonny , duane and billy stand near a large cattle truck . all look solemn , even billy , but duane have also a kind of sullen stubbornness . he carry a cheap suitcase . sonny shake he head . sonny hate to see you go , duane . duane not a goddamn thing to stay for . all the roughneck say you can get a job out in odessa any time . sonny come on back , if you do not -- duane turn billy 's cap around , sadly , and climb up in the truck , which start up slowly . duane lean out . ( continued ) | Rev. 10/2/70 77/77r/78/79 '' ~ 113 ° continued : 113 4 duane listen , if you hear they bust up , let I know . sonny and billy stand look after the truck . CUT to : 114 114 and omitted and 115 115 116 int . f. ow — _ neig ! 116 jacy , in short , be glumly watch tv , she face slight - ly puffy ; she twitches restlessly from time to time , sniff . abilene come to the door , rap on the doorjamb . jacy oh , hi . I do not hear you . abilene gene home ? jacy no . he and momma go to the club . he look at she silently a moment . abilene what be you doin’ home on a Saturday night ? jacy Bobby sheen run off an’ get marry ~- * abilene oh . * jacy to Annie -annie Martin . {pause} ( continued ) o Rev. 116 a117 117 10/6/70 80 . continued : 116 jacy want I to turn the tv off ? abilene naw , I be gonna go shoot a little pool . just tell he the well come in okay . : jacy ( small pout ) wish I could go to a poolhall -- I have always want to . 's terrible the thing girl be allow to do . 's abilene why hell , come on ~~ I x11 show you the poolhall . jacy be not there people there ? abilene if thére be they 'il be in back asleep now -- will not bother we -- I get my own key . jacy get up a little nervously , smooth she hair . jacy okay -- I will then . CUT to : - po = a117 abilene unlock the door and they come in . not . po = 117 only the light from the street lamp come through the window . jacy look around . jacy * goodness , it sure be dark in here . she get a pool cue , go to hit the ball , while abilene take off he coverall . he come over behind she , take away the pool cue and pull she to he into a kiss . when they part , he lay the cue down on the table , get a cloth , lay it on too , and lift she to the table . she hook she hand into the corner pocket . i CUT to : ke Rev. 118 119 10/6/70 soa . nt. abilene 's ow STREET ) — night 118 * on the dashboard be a nude woman with tiny bloodstone * for nipple . jacy be rumple , uncertain , subdued . abilene be inscrutable . the radio play . jacy what a night . I never think anything like this would happen . she lean over to kiss he but he turn he face away . abllene how ' bout hoppin’ out . jacy get out , very puzzle , start across the yard , carry she sandal . abilene race he motor , make the muffler roar , as he back out . int . fi al = ght 119 ° * lois be in she bathrobe , watch tv . she have hear the muffler and head for the kitchen , a drink in she hand . in pass , she glance in a mirror and fluff she hair . o 9/24/70 81. 120 121 int . farrow kitchen - night 120 jacy come in as abilene gun away . still barefoot , hair tangle , she look scared and confuse . a look of pain cross lois 's face when she see she . jacy start to cry , sit helplessly at the kitchen table . jacy oh , he 's awful , momma -- why do you fool with he ? daddy 's a nicer man than he , be not he ? lois just shake she head , put she drink down , wipe jacy 's face with a kleenex . lois he sure be , beautiful . you daddy 's a very nice man . I oughta have give abilene hell , instead of he . jacy I di not know what I be go to do , momma . Bobby be the luh-ast one * -- I 'il jus 's be a ol 's may -- lois * oh , no , that 's just the way it go , you know -- win a few , lose a few -- jacy * what do you do ? nothing 's ever the way it 's suppose to be at all . lois ( smooth jacy 's hair ) you be right , but what I have do have not work very well -- maybe we better work out something different for you . lois embrace she , and lead she into : int . farrow den - night 121 the tv be still on . lois sigh . lois right now I guess Ruth popper 's get about as good a setup as anybody . ( continued ) Rev. 10/2/70 82. 121 continued : 121 oo jacy ( incredulous ) Ruth popper ?! lois yeah . sonny 's reasonably good look and he 's young ... ' jacy sonny ?! sonny Crawford ? lois sure -- have not you hear about they ? be goin 's on about six month -~ I think you kid know everything . jacy why , that 's the silliest thing I ever hear of -- she 's forty '' year old . lois so be I , honey . it 's kind of a itchy age . you want a orange ? jacy . ( flabbergasted ) I do not helieve it . ( sniff ; to herself ) sonny 's always want to go with I ... cuT to : * 122 int . pi - 122 * sonny be rack for eight - ball , as the sheriff aim he cue ; monroe , the deputy , burst in . monroe sheriff , we get some trouble ! the sheriff shoot and the cue-ball bounce onto the floor . sheriff '' goddamn you , Monroe ! you make I lo ) scratch . ( continued ) Rev. 10/2/70 122 continued : 122 123 124 monroe sorry , sheriff , never mean to , but johnny clarg 's little girl 's kinda be kidnap . folk see the preacher 's boy put she in he car ' bout two hour ago -- front of the drugstore . sonny and other in the hall be listen . sheriff ~ what the hell ? maybe Joe Bob give she a ride home -~- be do she a favor , hot as it be . why have he want to kidnap Molly clarg ? monroe do not ask I . but she be not at home -- miz clarg 's all upset -- she 's do look everywhere for ‘em . they be see drivin 's out of town toward olney . miz clarg 's afraid Joe Bob might be goin’ to mo - lest she or something . the sheriff frown gravely , quickly slap he cue into a rack , head for the door . sheriff sonny , you and some of this boy come with we . if that 's the way it be , no tellin’ what we will find . sonny and the other come forward quickly . CUT to : ext . archer CITY road - day . 123 Three car roar down the road , the sheriff 's in the lead . int . sh for ity road ) —- y 124 sonny be sit in the back seat with two man . the sheriff mop he sweat brow on he shirt sleeve . sheriff boy , I do not know what to think , but I fear the worst ... ( see something ) there he be ! 83. Rev. 10/6/70 125 ext . archer CITY road — day 125 the preacher 's old plymouth stop as the three car come skid up . the sheriff quickly get out , roll down he shirt sleeve . Joe Bob sit in the plymouth , look - ing miserable . everyone get out of the car and start look indecisively at the plymouth . a couple of man spit . sonny be apprehensive and confuse . mrs . clarg suddenly become hysterical , run over and yank molly out . she be five , hold and all - day sucker and a stuff dog and do not have she panty on . mrs . clarg get ‘em -- be not you goin 's to ? here 's my little girl -- he 's the one do it -- why do not you get he ?! if my husband be here he have kill ‘em dead ! the sheriff and Monroe pull Joe Bob out of the car . sheriff what have ya do to that child ? we all know you do something 's . Joe Bob start to say something but be too scared and nervous to get it out . he catch sonny 's eye and look pathetically at he . Mrs. clarg go berserk : as Joe Bob hang from the arm of the sheriff and Monroe , she suddenly beat at he with the stuff dog . mrs . clarg filthy ! filthy ! filthy ! in she fury she hit the sheriff and Monroe , knock one man 's glass fly . sheriff here now , grab she ! none of this goddamn frenzy ! a couple of man hold she off ; '' the sheriff and Monroe hustle he toward the car as brother blanton run up , yell almost incoherently . brother blanton it 's the Lord 's justice , son . you x11 have to suffer with the murderer and the thief -- the Lord ’1l1 help you now -- sheriff ( go right on ) sonny , you drive that plymouth in for I -- we get to get this man to jail . ( continued ) 84 . Rev. 10/2/76 85 . 125 126 continued : 125 they half - drag , half ~ carry jae Bob to the sheriff 's car . a couple of man help Mrs. clarg who still clutches the stuff dog . Molly trail behind , still lick the all - day sucker . sonny go to the plymouth where he find she underpant en the front seat . cuT to : ext . archer CITY jailhouse ~ day 126 * there be a crowd of people gather in the street talk - ing to one another , shaking they head . sonny come from the jail as jacy drive up in she convertible , honk , wave . he come over . jacy be not it terrible , sonny ? be you there ? do ya see anything ? sonny be not nothin’ to see -- ' cept Mrs. clarg . if she have have a gun , she mighta kill we all . Joe Bob do not do nothing . jacy oh , you know he must have do something . it scare I to death -- you jus 's never can tall when something terrible be gonna happen . ( take he hand ) sonny ' S okay -~ they get he now . * jacy I call you before -- sonny you do ? * jacy uh-huh -- I feel lonesome -~ think . you might wanta drive around a while . sonny oglances at watch ) I be suppose to be some place . jacy ( squeeze he hand ) I be still a little scared . please take I riding . { continued} 127 128 129 130 10/6/70 86 . continued : 126 sonny look at she , then open the door . sonny where ' 1l we drive ? cur to : in ?. p ) -_d. 127 Bright afternoon sunlight fill the room . Ruth have be - paper the wall and be just put on some finish touch . Fresh , expectant , she look out the window , then glance at she watch , a little anxious . the radio be on . cuUT to : for 4 E E , = 128 * jacy 's arm be stretch out as sonny drive . . radio play . she sigh . jacy ' you ever hear from duane ? * sonny I have a postcard . jacy I really feel sad about that . sonny he 's makin 's three - twenty a month -- say he buy a car . jacy I guess I ‘'1l always be a little bit in love with duane . we just have too much against we -- be not easy be the one to break up . she scoot over , sit close to sonny . he glance at she quickly . ext , CITY lake - day 129 the car pull up and stop . . cy 's '' ity = 130 they , sit together for several moment , sonny scared to look at she . { continued ) 131 132 10/2/70 b6a . continued : 130 jacy sonny . sonny ( turn to she ) what ? she close she eye , lean forward and sigh . hesitant - ly , not quite sure he can believe it , sonny kiss she . jacy put she arm around he neck . CUT to : tc E room . ~ dusk 131 * it be almost dark . Ruth sit on the bed , she face blank , radio still on . a car pull into the driveway , door slam , garage door screech , back door slam . mechanically , Ruth get up . CUT to : it for tc —_ Bu : 132 % the water be tranquil , the sky be beautiful . the kiss ~ - ing have become more passionate . jacy 's blouse be un - buttone , she breast be bare . he work she down on the seat . suddenly she put hand over he mouth , speak huskily . ' jacy not here . I be too old for screwing in car . ( kiss he ) I do not like to be in a hurry . sonny why do not we go to wichita a ' get a motel roon . jacy ( close blouse ) I be afraid to right now ... I think my folk be watchin’ I . they know I do not wanna go to college and they might think we be go to run off and get marry . ( nuzzle he ear ) we will do it when it 's safe ... we have get all summer ... cuT to : Rev. 10/2/70 87/88. 133 134 135 int . sonnyxa pickup ( popper ST . ) - day 133 driving past Ruth 's house , he look guiltily at it ; turn the corner . cur to : omitted 134 * . ol ! = 135 a bright , second -hand mercury be park in front of the poolhall , as a pickup full of roughnecks pull up and sonny jump out , dirty and greasy . he look in the car , see duane just sit up , blink in the sunlight . sonny be uneasy . ( continued ) 9/24/70 89 . 135 continued : 135 SF sonny hey , duane . tanned dark , duane get out , wear a Levi shirt with the arm cut out ; they shake hand . duane hi , buddy . do not know you have turn roughneck . sonny get to make a livin 's somehow , so 's I can afford to keep the poolhall open . when have ya get in ? duane ' Bout two . think I have surprise you . a moment of stiff silence ; both grin , but they be not really friendly . sonny look at the car . sonny this yours ? duane yeah , how about that ? thirty - eight thousand mile on she . run like new . olight a cigarette ) wanna beer ? * sonny . not I . * duane ( get one from front seat ) ' S about all I eat for breakfast * anymore . * sonny sure be a nice car . * * duane I like to drive it so much I think I have run home for the weekend . ) ( continued ) oy ) Rev. 135 136 10/2/70 continued : ( 2 ) duane drink he beer and absently wipe bug off the grill with a kerchief . duane can not take too good care of a car like this . I wasn she every week . sonny look great . ( pause ) you hear about Joe Bob ? duane yeah . I always knew he be crazy . sonny Doctor say he aid not really do nothing ~~ just get she to take off she underpant . duane ( skeptical ) yeah ? hey , you still secrewin’ that old lady ? sonny no. yeah . be kinda busy , duane see old Jerry last week ... say he think you and jacy have be go together a little . sonny yeah , we have , a little -- she 's be kinda bored ... once and a while we eat mexican food or something . duane Way I hear it that be not all you be eatin’ . sonny whoever tell you do not know what he be talkin’ about . sure , I be ggin’ with she , why not ? ( continued ) g0 . 135 136 Rev. 10/2/70 136 continued : 91 . 136 duane I never say I blame you for it . I do not blame you much . I jus 's never think you have do I that way -- I think we be still best friend . sonny we be . what be you so mad for ? I never do nothin’ to you . duane I guess screwin’ my girl be not nothing to you . sonny I ain not screwin’ she . duane the hell you ain /ot . sonny well , I be not -- but she 's not you girl ahymore , anyway . duane she be my girl -~ I do not care if wa do break up . sonny Hell , you do not even live here anymore . duane do not make no difference -- 1 /11 always live here . an’ I be gonna get she back , I be tellin’ you right now . she 's gonna marry I one of this day , when I get a little more money ... sonny why , she will not marry you . ( continued ) 136 continued : ( 2 ) 136 duane sure she will ! we always mean to get marry . sonny she 's goin 's off to college . I doubt I 'il ever get to go with she agin myself , once she get off . I never see what it could hurt to go with she this summer , though . she 's never gonna marry you . duane she be , by God ! do not you tell I she will not . she will never let you screw she , that 's for sure . Hell , I be just seein 's how honest you be -- I know dacy would not let you screw she ... you be not that good a cocksman . you never even screw charlene dugg all the time you go with she . sonny ' course I do not . you know why ? * ' Cause you have the pickup all the time Saturday night ... nobody coulda screw she in the time I have leave . duane ( smugly ) I coulda screw she in five minute - I would not even need no pickup . sonny yeahi ? Wall , the only reason jacy go with you long as she do be ' cause you be in the backfield . I be in the goddamn line ! duane what be you talkin’ about ... I an’ she be in . love . sonny you be ! she like I as good as she ever like you . duane that 's a lie ! ( continued ) 9/24/70 93. 136 137 138 139 continued : ( 3 ) 136 sonny I 'il stay all night with she , too , one of this night . she 's do '' promise . duane you will not either ! sonny yes , I will -- why should not I ? she 's do tell I you could not even do it that time in wichita * Falls -- what about that ? * enrage , duane hit he with the bottle , catch he * on he eye . they slug at one another wildly , close , and struggle . sonny 's eya bleed , almost close . some man run out of the cafe ; Genevieve behind they . sonny slowly collapse to he knee . duane go to hin , scared . sonny pass out as the other run up . CUT to : int . ' 1 = 137 sonny be in bed , one eye bandage , try to roll a cigarette . the radio be play . a nurse come in . nurse a lady 's down in the wait room , send you this . she hand he a note ; sonny open it . insert > note 138 it read ! " May I come in and see you a little while ? Ruth . " back to scene 139 sonny look at the nurse , unhappily . sonny could you tell she I be asleep ? nurse sure , I could . but you be not asleep . ( continued ) od 9/24/70 94 . 139 140 141 continued : 139 sonny if I go to sleep right now will you tell she I be asleep ? please ? nurse all right . she go out . sonny lower himself uneasily in the bed . XP . = 140 Ruth walk out the door slowly , head for the car . cur to : 2 10 , -_da ! 142 sonny sit behind the counter , eat a cheesburger . he look draw , but be dress . the bandage on he eye be smaller . billy be sweeping , Genevieve clean up the counter for he . genevieve that too cold ? sonny naw -~- 's great ... I hear duane join the Army ... genevieve good place for ' im , too . sonny oh , he be jus’ holdin’ that * hottle -- do not mean to hit I * with it -- , * genevieve that boy 's always have meanness in he -- ' couse jacy 's jus 's the kinda girl bring out the meanness in a man . she look he in the eye , but sonny turn to he sandwich . genevieve she 's just like she grandmother ... * oh , I ought not to talk about an -- we be all good friend once -- Dan roughneck with gene farrow . * re and lois live in a little one * room place over the newspaper office . {hore } ( continued ) 9/24/70 95 . 141 continued : : 141 o genevieve ( cont have ) lois could not afford a flour~sack , much less a mink . ( stare at floor ) I 'il always have a soft spot for she , though ... I wonder a lotta * time what would have happen if Dan * have make the strike gene make -- they offer the rig to Dan first -~- but then Dan Morgan never take a chance in he life -- * sonny do you wish y’all have make it ? genevieve ( tired smile ) oh , sure , I wish we have make it . sonny ( after a pause ) I guess the Army will not take I , now I just get one good eye . genevieve oh , you wanna go over to Korea * and get yourself kill -- you be not get you sense back yet * -- what few you ever have . ( go ) well , the cafe will not run itself «+. you rest up now . I / 11 bring you some dinner . * sonny ( open wallet ) thanks . here 's for the cheeseburger . genevieve okay ... I x11 bring you change when I come back . she wave at billy , who grin back . sonny lay he wallet down . 142 ext . poolhall — day 142 jacy be just get out of she car as Genevieve come out . she look at jacy hard , which fluster she . cy LA 9/24/70 96 . 143 int . poolhall — day 143 billy bring sonny a peanut pattie as jacy come in , look sorrowful . jacy sonny ? sonny come on in . she come over , give he a big kiss ... she look at * billy , who move away warily ; jacy clearly do not like * hin . jacy oh , I be so worried I just have to see you -- * sonny I be missin 's you -- I be a lot better 'o I be . jacy you just can not believe how famous we be -- we be all anybody talk about in this town now -- sonny ( unhappily ) I guess so . jacy I want we to get marry . sonny what ?! jacy I really do -- just as soon as you want to . sonny get marry ? jacy do not you want to ? sonny oh yeah , yeah . she pick up the wallet Ruth give sonny and fondle it , * which make he a little nervous . - ( continued ) 9/24/70 143 continued : 143 o jacy I bet the whole tow n’1l be knock for a loop if we do . they 'il never : forget it . | sonny but be not you goin’ to college ? jacy I do not care about that -- I love you -- that 's more important . you be so dear to fight for I . my folk will not like it , but we can run off . ) sonny | they will kill we -- kill I , anyhow . jacy oh , they will not . they 's 1l get over it . you be workin’ for daddy now anyway , and pretty soon they 's 11 love you as much as I do. ( kiss he ) can we ? sonny sure . I just hope I can see to drive . jacy now do not you worry -- I can drive . cut to : o 144 145 98. ext . oklahoma road # 1 — day 144 a sign say , " madill , Oklahoma , 5 mile . " sonny and jacy drive by in she convertible ; she 's drive . int . jacy 's = 145 * sonny , wear and eye patch , look extremely happy . jacy 's hair blow , she smile a little strain . sonny put he hand on she leg , under she skirt . she push it off , look at he nervously . the radio play . jacy do not do that , sonny . sonny why not ? we be man and wife now -- we can do anything . jacy not while I be drive . I might have a wreck . sonny lean over and kiss she on the neck . she flinch . jacy goodness , would not it be just awful if momma and daddy get the police after we ? sonny they do not even know where we be . jacy well , I have to leave ‘em a note , so they would not be worried out of they mind . sonny you shouldna do that . jacy I have to -- I figure they have have to know some time . sonny well , what could they get we for ? we get a right to get marry , be not we ? jacy I guess so. ( irritably ) I wish you do not have that stupid eye patch . it 's really creepy . ( continued ) ~ 7 Rev. 10/2/70 99 . 145 146 147 continued : 145 sonny I can take it off pretty soon ... we will be to Lake texoma in two * hour -- have a room to ourselves . * jacy ( annoyed ) my goodness , you be sit so close I can barely drive . cur to : ( oma _roai 2 . - D 146 the sun be set as they drive by . int . jacy 's car ( oklahoma road # 2 ) - dusk 147 ° * sonny be not sit so close but jacy look even more nervous . a patrol car come toward they . jacy be hopeful , sonny worried . it go by . jacy look dash ; glance in she rear-view mirror , she see the car make a U -turn behind they . her face brighten , but she feign otherwise . jacy oh , goodness . sonny look back miserable . Police car pull they over , light flash . patrolman get out . * patrolman howdy -- what part of Texas y’all from ? jacy abalene . patrolman newlyweds , be not you ? ( they nod ) well , better follow I in . I think somebody 's a-lookin 's for you . sonny we be not do a nothin’ wrong -- be not we get a right to get marry ? how can you arrest we , just like that ? ( continued ) S Rev. 147 10/2/70 continued : 100 . 147 patrolman ( peel stick of gum ) I be not arrestin’ you . JI just want you to come with I , till we find out . I do not have no idea what you get a right to do . jacy ( happily ) I guess we better follow he , honey , I ' 11 just be heart - break if my folk have do this . the patrolman go to he car . jacy kiss sonny lightly as she put the car in gear . CUT to : in ee Rev. 11/14/70 101. 148 o 149 omitted 148 ext . oklahoma jail - night 149 gene farrow be come out with lois , sonny and jacy , whom he grab by the arm away from sonny . gene think I work like a dog all my life so my daughter could end up in a poolhall ? sonny we be gonna get another apartment . gene I bet you be . where 's you car key , hon ? sniff , jacy fish they out . gene it 's a hell of a note , a hell of a note . lois oh , shut up and take she home . gene it 's just a hell of a note . lois I be tired of this . gene you bet I will . you take she car . so far as I be concerned he can walk . jacy look back . gene lead she to the cadillac , spin off with she . sonny stand watch she go off . lois come over , tap he arm . lois not much of a wedding night . sonny no , not much of one . she bring out a little flask . ( continued ) ) ) | i ) Rev. 11/14/70 149 continued : 149 lois ( drink ) here . have a little bourbon -- take the rest of it -- might pick you up -- I have gotta drive . sonny sip from it several time . lois grin . they walk back toward the car . lois you will not believe I , sonny , but you be lucky we get you clear of she quick as we do ... you have have be a lot better off stayin’ with Ruth popper . sonny do everybody know about that ? lois ' course . sounded like a good thing the I , kiddo - - you should not have let jacy turn you head . sonny she 's prettier . I guess I should not have though . ( pause ) guess I treat she terrible . lois I guess you do . they get in the car . 150-151 omitted 150 - 151 152 ext , oklahoma road # 3 - night 152 they drive by . Thunder be hear . 153 ) a , be car ( oklahoma . ri 3 ) -— nisht 153 lois frown at the sky as sonny sip ; she turn on radio . ( continued ) 102 . po Rev. 11/14/70 102a . 153 continued : 153 a lois that 'il be a big help if you mean to live you life in anarene . I do not , ae be sonny | | lois ( shake she head ) strange to have a daughter who would not go through with she wedding night . when I be she age I would go through with just ' bout any old night . sonny ( sip bourbon ) I quess TI can not get in the Army now -- not with this eye . 154 ext . re iver idge — night 154 moonlight on the water ; they drive into Texas again . 155 ext . poolhall - night iss the car pull up in front . sonny sure be not outta Texas very long . lois well , Oklahoma 's not much of a improvement . sonny ( sip bourbon , pause ) *o S not the same now . nothing 's really be right since Sam the lion die . ( continued ) Rev. 10/6/70 155 continued : 103 . 155 lois ( stare ; sadly ) . no , it have not . ( eye water slightly ) I get sad when I think of Sam for long . do you know he have * beautiful hand ? sonny I guess you like he , do not you ? I guess everybody do . lois no , it be more than that with I , honey -- I love he . he love I . surprise , sonny look at she and it dawns on he . look at sonny spill over . sonny be you the one he use to take swim ? out to the tank ? lois | ( look at he ; smile ) he tell you about that , huh ? oh yeah , I be the one . ( pause ) if it have n’ta be . for he , you know , . I have have miss it -- whatever it be . I have have be one of that amity type that think bridge be the best thing life have to offer . he 's the only man I ever meet who know what I be worth . Sam the lion . ( smile ) Sam the lion . nobody know where he get that name . I give it to he -- one night . just come to I . he be so pleased . I be twenty - two then -- can you imagine ? briefly , hold back she tear ; a few lois ( continue ) you know something , sonny ? it 's terrible only to find one man you whole life that know what you be worth . ( more ) ( continued ) Rev. 11/14/70 155 continued : ( 2 ) lois ( cont have ) it 's just terrible -- I would not be tellin’ you if it be not . I have look , too -- you would not believe how I have look . when Sam ... be sixty - five year old he could jus 's walk into a room where I be and do more for I ... ( pause ) nobody be like he . ( fall silent ) sonny ( hesitantly ) now I know why Sam like you . lois love I ! sonny - love you , I mean . lois aw , do you ? ( look at he , gently put hand on he cheek ) I can kinda see what he see in you too . 155 she look forward again , then back at he a moment , with a reckless smile . throw back he head and swallow , lois be amused . he look back , curiously . finally : lois nope. I / x11 just go on home . sonny think I could learn to drink ? he hand she back the flask . lois you might . keep practice . she drive away . he go into the poolhall . 155-160 omitted CO ) 161 xt . BA team be warming up , much activity on the sideline , in the cur to : stand . Band warming up . then cough and sputter . 156-160 161 104 . + a Rev. 10/2/70 105 . 161 162 continued : 161 sonny , clean up and in he football jacket , be on the sideline , hold one end of the first down chain . a middle - age man name chester hold the other , watch the warm - up intently . coach popper stride up and down the sideline , wave and yell , cheerleader lead cheer , drum major twirl . sonny try not to be de - * press . Tommy Logan run by . chester that Logan boy 's a quarterback , now be not he ? Boy , we finally get we a team . do not back in you day , do they , sonny ? sonny no , we be not much good . chester well , you jus’ never learn the fundamentals . you know , blockin’ and tacklin’ . not like this team . when be it you graduate ? sonny last year . chester ( unperturb ) you do not mean it . seem like longer that that since you and duane play ball . see old duane awhile ago -- he 's home on leave -- wearin’ he uniforn . sonny ( surprised , look around ) I be not see he yet . as the coach come by , towel over shoulder , chawing 162 tobacco , he scarcely glance at sonny , but shake Chester 's hand . coach ( confident ) Chester , see if y’can stretch that goddamn thing a little . you know , a man never oughta cheat ' cept in a good cause . ( wink , go on ) ( continued ) cy a _ Rev. 162 163 164 164a 164b 164¢c 10/2/70 106 . continued : 162 chester he 's a good ol 's bay , be not he ?! * everything grow quiet , player take off helmet 163 coach take off he cap ; a hushed moment -- then the band begin the school song and whole school begin to sing : all " anarene High School , we love you ... Love you oh so grand . we will always be so loyal , loyal to a man ... whether in defeat or victory , we will always be true . dear old anarene , we love you , and we will fight for you ... " the song sweep over the quiet field , the still town . sonny move he lip , but do not really sing . caught by a strong emotion , he loook around the stand , at the player , the band . the song come to a end . cur to : ext . = gh 164 the scoreboard indicate that archer City win . sonny and billy walk from the ball park together , down a road of depart car . sonny give billy he eye patch . gradually , the car thin and sonny and billy walk on . ext . CITY lake —- night 164a * sonny and billy walk past the quiet lake , billy * sweeping occasionally . deleted ext . graveyard - night 164c * sonny and billy walk past the cemetery . Rev. 164d 164e 165 9/24/70 107 . ext . archer CITY school - night 164d sonny and billy continue walk past the school . horn be heard celebrate hometeam victory . deleted ' ss ‘s house - 165 cold , windy . sonny drive the pickup to the shabby little unpaint three - room house , off a unpave road ; no walk . duane 's mercury be out front . sonny knock on the door . mrs . jackson answer with some wash in she arm . sonny hi , Mrs. Jackson -- duane here ? mrs . jackson that 's he car , be not it ? he 's here if he be not walk off . she go back inside . sonny shuffles nervously on the porch . duane appear in uniform , hair be slicked down . nervous , he step outside . wind catch the screen door and slam it back against the house ; duane shut it . duane hi ... how you be ? sonny oh , pretty good . duane be think all week I have run into you . sonny Heard you be goin 's off to Korea . * think I have better come by and see you ' fore you get off . duane glad you do . I be takin 's the bus out , early in the morning . ( light cigarette adroitly ) ( continued ) > / Le Rev. 165 166 167 10/2/70 continued : sonny think you might wanna go to the picture show -- miss mosey 's havin’ to close it -- tonight 's the last night . duane yeah , might as well go -- hate to miss the last night . we can take the mercury -- be the last chance I all have to drive it for awhile . they head toward the car . int . pic show -— night they sit stiffly , aware of one another , only eight or ten people in the theatre . billy sit in the balcony watch . the western end and duane and sonny get up and start out . duane that be a good movie . sonny yeah . I see it here before , once . why do not we run over to wichita , drink a little beer . duane okay , I get lot a time till mornin’ . sonny sure . billy come sweeping down the aisle . the boy grin at he as they pass . int . how lobby — nigh 's miss mosey be scraping out the popcorn machine , close to tear . sonny so long , miss mosey . duane sorry you be closin 's the show . ( continued 165 166 167 108 . a ww lo Rev. 10/2/70 109 . 167 168 169 170 continued : 167 miss mosey nobody want to come to show no more -- kid baseball in the summer , school in the winter -- television all the time ... if Sam have live , I believe we could have keep it goin’ . but I just do not have the know-how ... duane wo not be much to do in town with the picture show close . sonny yeah . duane well , so long . miss mosey duahe , you watch out now , overseas . ex ! I = 168 marlene dugg be shiver at the curb . the boy glance at she as they pass . the wind be blow trash from the gutter into the street . they get inte the mercury , drive away . the picture show 's neon sign go off . cuT to : omitted 169 ‘s_car er cit 's = 170 * the boy sit drink beer . the motor be run , radio on . sonny roll a cigarette . duane sure no woman around tonight -- guess the next piece of ass I get 'il be yellow . sonny wisht I be goin’ with you . duane ( look guilty ) hey , why do not you look after the car for I ? ( continued ) Rev. 170 171 10/2/70 109a . continued : 170 sonny you ma do not need it ? duane I would not want she drivin’ it , not better than she can drive . you might help she run the grocery home if you have the time . sonny okay . ext . = 171 * trailways bus pull in ; sonny get duane 's dufflebag from back seat , hand it to he . they stand a minute in the cold sing wind . duane do not look at he . duane ever hear from jacy ? sonny no , not a thing . she do not get home much . ai not be back to town sincé August -- I guess she just stay in Dallas ail the time . duane probably do . must be lot to do , down in Dallas . a gust of wind hit they , they turn they back to it . duane ( continue ) I be not over she yet , you know . I be not over she yet -- it 's the damndest thing . that 's the only reason I and you get into it that time . reckon she like it down in Dallas ? sonny hard to say ... maybe she do . reckon you and she woulda get it all straighten out if I have n’ta butte in ? duane aw , no -- they have have annull I too , even if we have . you all never even get to the motel ? ( continued ) Rev. 9/24/70 110-113. 171 2 172 173 continued : 171 sonny no . duane . well , better get on , before we both freeze . ( hand he car * key ) here 's the key . so long , buddy . * they shake hand awkwardly , they eye not quite meeting . sonny so long , duane -- be careful . i/ 11 take care of the mercury for you . * about to step on the bus , duane turn back . duane . see you in a year or two , if I do not get shot . the bus drive away down the dusty street . sonny walk slowly across the square toward the car . cur out : ext . picture show - day 172 billy walk up with he broom , but the door be lock . mystify , a little sad , he go across the street , sit on the curb , look at the picture show . deleted Rev. 10/2/70 114. 174 175 176 00 : — _D. 174 sonny come shiver from the back room , go to light * the old gas stove , sneeze several time . lighting the jet , he hear a big cattle truck roar past in the street , then , alarmingly loud , the screech of air brake . sonny look around , but go on , light the fire . then go to the door , look out . cc. Pov ) - dash 175 * the big truck be stop in front of the courthouse , several people stand in front of it . ext . archer CITY squard ~ dawn 176 * sonny step outside , curious . the cold wind make he catch he breath . the sheriff 's car pull up and the sheriff hurry to the front of the truck in he bathrobe . a cowboy , pass in a pickup , stop . sonny turn to go back inside when he suddenly see billy 's broom lie in the street ... he run toward the truck , then jog toward it , then slow to a walk . the sheriff , a trucker , two cowboys , a gas station man , a pumper be gather around billy , who be lie in front of the truck , dead . the truck be full of hereford yearling , bump one another . , numb , sonny approach the man , who look at billy indifferently , spitting , shuffle . trucker the sand be blowin’ . pumper yeah -- hard to see . trucker I never notice he , never figure nobody would be in the street . ( continued ) 114a , 176 continued : 176 a gas station man he be a kinda wander ol 's kid -- always in the street . ( continued ) LA od Rev. 10/2/70 115. 176 continued : ( 2 ) 176 * 177 trucker what be he doin 's out there anyway , carryin’ that broom ? sheriff aw , he be not doin’ nothin’ . he be just a ol 's simple - minded kid -- never have no sense . cowboy sorta retarded , you know . be not you fault . sheriff Hell , no , mister , I can see that . pumper he be just a 's ol 's dumb kid -- never be good for much . cowboy do not even know enough to get he ass out of the cold , morning like this . pumper be I , I ’da be home in the sack . cowboy let 's go to the cafe , ira . I be not have no breakfast . trucker I have still like to know what he be doin’ luggin’ that broom aroun’ this time of day . sonny he be sweepin’ , you son of bitch ! he be sweeping ! cry , sonny grab billy under the arm , pick up hat , 177 and drag he - try to run - across the street , lay he on the curb in front of the picture show ; take off he old football jacket and cover he . the man follow , slowly , look at sonny curiously . for several moment he look at billy 's cap , then lay it down next to hin , walk away . trucker y ’all get some crazy kid in this town , you ask I . ( spit again ) ( continued ) Rev. 177 o 178 179 180 181 182 10/2/70 116. continued : ( 3 ) 177 — — «* sherifp yeah , I do not know what the time be comin’ to . well , guess I better go call the undertaker -- sonny have walk across the square to the poolhall , where he 's leave the door open , the wind blow in . the place look empty , cold . he get in duane 's car , still cry . N ' uane 's c. cit imit ) = day 178 drive fast past the city limit sign , slow stop . the wind blow through the mesquite , over the grey ridge . sonny sit a minute , then turn the car around . L ‘s cher CITY jare ) — 179 sonny drive into town . the truck be go , the square empty again . zl ' sc popper = 180 sonny drive to Ruth 's house and park . ext . popp ! [ ouse - day 181 sonny walk numbly up the sidewalk , knock on the door . Ruth open it in she bathrobe , look very fade . surprise , she make a movement to hold she robe to - gether . sonny barely glance at she . sonny hi. ( pause ) could I have a cup a coffee with you ? RUTH ( reluctant ) I guess . she hold the door open for he . int . popper kitchen - day 182 they go through the live room , into the disorder kitchen . sonny sit at the table , while Ruth get the coffee , move awkwardly . a radio be play in another room . ( continued ) to loe 182 liga . continued : 182 RUTH I be sorry I be still in my bathrobe . sonny can not look at she . as she begin to pour the coffee , she face tighten with anger . suddenly , she fling sonny 's coffee cup at the cabinet , then she own , then the coffee pot at the wall . it break . a great brown stain spread over the wallpaper and drip to the linoleum . ( continued ) Rev. 10/2/70 117. 182 continued : ( 2 ) , 182 o RUTH what be I do apologize to you ? why be I always apologize to you , you little bastard ? Three month I be apologize to you , without you even be here . I have not do anything wrong -- why can not I quit apologize . you be the one ought to be sorry . I would not be in my bathrobe if it have n’ta be for you -- I ’da have my clothes on hour ago . you be the one make I quit caring if I get dress or not . I guess just becuase you friend get kill you want I to forget what you do an’ make it all right . I be not sorry for you ! you have have leave billy , too , just like you leave I . I bet you leave he plenty a night , whenever that girl whistle . I would not treat a dog that way ! sonny begin to say something . RUTH . ( continue ) I guess you think I be so old and ugly you do not owe I any explanation . do not need to be careful of I . ( pause , struggle ) there be not anything I could do about you and she -- why should you be careful of I ? you do not love I . look at I ! ( sit opposite ) can not you even look at I ? sonny look , finally , but do not know what to say . RUTH ( continue ) y’see ? you should not have come here . I be around that corner now . you have ruin it and it 's lose completely . just you need I will not make it come back . io Ruth 's hand be nervously clasped on the table . sonny yj reach out and take one of they . she be startle and stiff , but sonny hold on and in a moment , disconcert , she let he hold it . his finger weave through hers . Ruth look at he , cautiously . he sit blankly . uv ( continued ) CO Rev. 9/24/70 118. 182 183 continued : ( 3 ) 182 with the finger of she other hand , she begin to smooth the hair at the back of he wrist , then turn he hand over , trace the life in he palm up to the wrist , press the tip of she finger against the blue vien at he wrist and go upward under the sleeve of he shirt . all at once tear spring in she eye . she take sonny 's hand and press it to she throat , to she wet face . she be on the verge of say something fine , something wise or brave or beautiful , gasp with it , squeeze he hand , lose the word . after a moment , quieter , she put he hand on the table , stroke he finger with hers . she notice he shirt collar be wrinkle , under he jacket , and tenderly reach to straighten it . RUTH never you mind , honey ... never you mind . pull away from they slowly . lap dissolve to : * E ~_d. 183 the street be empty , and so be the square . the wind be blow , raise the dust , and the picture show be close . fade out .