the phantom of the Opera the phantom of the opera ( the follow foreword be to be present on a move scroll that move up ) foreword dear patron of the Silent Drama ... in this present era of discovery and invention spiritualism and other psychic phenomenon be scoff at by the mass in general . therefore , we ask you to bear with we while we unfold for you entertain - ment , the story of the " Opera ghost " which really do exist accord to the memoir of the late M. faure , Chief of the Paris secret Police , whose weird tale of a criminal investigation which lead he to a opaque veil that cloak the supernatural now lie in the archive of the National Academy of Music in the french Capitol . fade out 1 . fade in close shot on a volume which rest on a rich velvet table scarf -- on the book be the title in french --memoire of M. faure , chief of the paris secret police . as the french letter dissolve into English and we play long enough to identify , a hand enter scene and open volume to the preface . 2 . close view of the first page of the preface which read : to whom it may concern : - before unfold my hair-raise experience in make a investigation of the murderous crime at - tribute to the " Opera ghost " it will be necessary for I to relate a few interesting fact concern the Paris Opera house , where the ghost exist . the Paris Opera house be conceive by Louis napoleon III , after a unsuccessful attempt to duplicate the world power of he illustrious uncle , the great napoleon , as a sop to he suffer and war-ridd subject . ( a hand turn the page over revealing a picture of Louis napoleon III , as the military emperor ) it be design and execute by that celebrate architect , Jean Louis Charles garnier , who later build the Forum of trajan and the Temple of vesta in Rome - - and the casino at monte Carlo . ( a hand turn the page over revealing a picture of Jean Louis Charles garnier ) no european capital possess a opera house so comprehensive in plan and execution , nor can boast a edifice so vast and splendid . ( a hand turn the page over revealing a picture of the Paris Opera house to show its magnitude and decorative design . ) its construction begin in 1851 , and be es - timate to cost thirty - five million francs , and it require twelve year for completion . it contain 583 dress room , 2551 door and 7893 key ; 14 furnace and 450 grate ; 16 mile of gas pipe , 9 reservoir and two tank hold 22,222 gallon of water . ( a hand turn the page over and we read further ) during the revolution of 1870 , the con - struction be halt for a time , when napoleon III lose he throne and the present Republic of France be declare . it be during that dark day of bloodsh that the building be use as a military head - quarter . its vast cellar turn into dungeon for prisoner , and secret passage and torture chamber install to satisfy the blood lust of a craze populace . ( a hand turn the page over revealing the first page of M. faure 's memoir . ) many be the skeptics who scoff at the idea of the " Opera ghost " but the few upon whose word I could rely believe in its existence ; vow that the opera house bore a curse , dating back to the time when the second commune carry on a wholesale massacre of the nobility in the dark cellar . lap dissolve into : ext . paris opera house . it be night and under the gas light we see the arrival of the nobility and the elite of Paris in carriage . there be a throng of curious bystander of both sex eager to see the aristocracy . int grand staircase # 1 . . . amber this be a cross shot of the staircase , something of the view show in the first illustration in the book . the scene present a gorgeous picture . circulate on the stairway be the elite , the wealthy , the aris - tocratic , the military , the fashionable of Paris . the carriage and general manner of the people be very light and informal . some wear opera hat tilt at a angle , and other not . the man , woman , officer and attendant of the opera be dress for the period of approximately 1890 . the woman be beautifully gown as the Paris Grand Opera be the show place of the fashionable world . the number of people will be govern by what be require to 10 . comfortably fill the big set . crowd will also be see move in the four gallery , while other will circulate upon the staircase which lead downward at either side of the main stair . it be a scene of gaiety and laughter . int . grand staircase # 2 . . amber . this be a longer shot take in the set -- up to and include the third gallery . this be as high up as the cornice . in this shot the gallery be see fill with a gay throng . a general movement of exit toward the auditorium begin . int grand staircase # 3 . . amber this be the entire grand staircase set , include the dome . there be people now see in the fourth gallery . the general movement of the crowd toward the auditorium continue . int . auditorium . long shot . . amber . it be the hour before the overture and first curtain of the opera faust -- the curtain be down and people be enter from both side entrance , and the entrance below the portierre . the aisle be crowded , not only with that seek they seat , but also with group . all be laugh and talk . the atmosphere be free and informal . many be stand or loung against the seat , gossipe with acquaintance a few seat distant . the chandelier be a blaze of light . the musician ( 71 include the director ) be fill in and take they place in the orchestra pit . there be life and a flutter of motion in all of the box except box five and one on the opposite side . a long shot . . amber as people be see from high , shoot down upon the orchestra and stage and be calculate to show the great chandelier to best advantage . the audience be slowly be seat . a intimate shot in the portierre as people be be seat and chat with one another . intimate shot of the box on one side . 11 . title 12 . insert of volume : title General atmosphere scene to show the nobility and the gorgeous gowns wear by the woman . int . on back stage . . amber this be a general shot of the backstage before the rise of the curtain and must be most interesting and picturesque . the general atmosphere be one of chaos and confusion . sixty stage hand be move about the large piece of scenery . they be put up the set for the first scene , the home of faust the age alchemist . in evidence be carpenter , florist , draper , curtain hanger , firemen , call - boy and property man . in the rear of the stage be the dress room corridor lead to the numerous dress room . M. debienne and M. poligny , manager of the opera house . int . manager' office . full shot discover M. debienne , M. poligny and M. lavelle , Secretary . the corpulent M. debienne and the slender M. poligny appear to be in the throes of a great mental stress - debienne mop he perspire forehead and exhales deep sigh of despair while poligny stare into space with a gloomy expression -- at he desk nearby sit M. lavelle , they secretary , a bright dapper fellow , whose whistling at such a try moment grate on the manager ' nerve -- every now and then he glance with contempt and annoyment at the other ' discomfiture -- debienne glance despairingly at a large volume which lie before they on the table open . it will be best for you to persuade mme . carlotta not to sing the role of marguerite on president's night and give the opportunity to christine daae her understudy . ( sign ) the ghost back : debienne 's face show he terror - he look ap - pealingly toward poligny , who shrug he shoulder hopelessly . lavelle laugh heartily , then say with contempt : " what could be more ridiculous than 13 . 14 . 15 . 16 . title 17 anyone believe in ghost ? " back : debienne and poligny sit up with frighten and amaze start - then look toward lavelle who laugh in scorn -- suddenly all three start and look toward the door . close up of outside of heavy carve door . a thin , bony and wrinkle hand be knock . int . manager' office . debienne cower in alarm and poligny clutches the arm of he chair for support - then lavelle arise with a contemptuous snort and stride to the door . semi c.v. inside heavy carve door . as lavelle enter scene and then open the door with a look of contempt -- the corridor be empty . lavelle look out , up and down -- then he recoil and the contempt turn to terror - he close the door and bolt it - then stand there listen and paralyze with terror . int . carlotta' dressing room . we see the voluptuous carlotta be dress for the part of " marguerite " by she may . mme . carlotta , prima donna of the paris opera company . semi c.v. of carlotta ( before mirror . ) this be the character study of a vain , temperamental creature , who survey herself in the mirror -- suddenly she start and stare into the mirror -- in the mirror 's reflection can be see the door to the corridor and underneath the door a envelope be be slip -- she call she may and direct she to get the letter . int carlotta' dressing room . as the may get the letter from under the door and deliver it to carlotta . insert of letter : 18 . semi c.v. of carlotta ( before mirror ) as she open the letter with a vain smile , think it from some admirer -- then as she read , she gasp : " if you sing tonight , you will be do so in a house with a curse on it . '' ( sign ) the ghost back : carlotta look up from the letter in amazement -- the bitter rage fill she - - she be furious and she tear the letter in piece and hurl they over she shoulder in contempt as she talk to herself . int christine daae' dressing room . discover christine also dress for the part of marguerite , but all alone -- she appear sad and wistful . christine daae , a wistful little creature with a marvelous voice . and the understudy to the dynamic carlotta , whose perfect health have kept christine waiting in vain for the big opportunity . semi c.v. of christine . this be a character study of a wistful , sad - eye creature , who dress listlessly because she have about give up hope - - a couple of tear roll down she cheek , though she strive bravely to keep they back -- then she dash they away with she sleeve , angry at she weakness -- all of a sudden she start and listen . int . behind mirror in corridor ... faint GREEN upon the wall be a shadow . it be shoot over a man 's shoulder against which be a violin which be be play . mo shot in christine's dressing room as she slowly arise and crossing to the mirror kneel before it in a attitude of prayer . semi c.v. before mirror as christine finish she silent prayer , cross herself then raise she face which now register exaltation -- she begin to sing and act the part of marguerite before the mirror . year before , christine's father promised her that when he died , he would send the " angel of music " from heaven to train her voice -- and her simple soul believed that he have . back : christine continue to sing with increase exaltation . int . in corridor back of mirror . . faint GREEN . the shadow of the violin be still play . int . christine's dressing room . . amber christine be sing exultantly before the mirror . she come to the end of she song and listen in the direction of the mirror with a faraway look in she eye , then hold out she hand toward the mirror , she say plead : " oh angel of music ! i've studied so hard . will I ever get the chance to sing the role of marguerite ? " int . behind mirror in corridor . . faint GREEN the shadowy violin strike the last note . the shadowy violinist now assume a profile position and reveal a outline of a head , face , neck and shoulder in shadow -- it speak : then a mysterious voice , as if from Heaven , sound in she ear : " my child , do not lose hope -- you great desire be soon to be realized . " semi c.v. of christine before mirror . she be overcome with great happiness -- she eye dance -- she bosom heave -- she clasp and unclasp she hand with joy . not far from the paris opera house -- the cafe epinard . ext . paris boulevard . - night fade in : this be a picture of what people imagine the fashion - able night life of Paris to be . the scene be a open boulevard cafe . this table be shelter by ornate awning . the period of 1890 . the cafe and street be electric light . it be a scene of laughter and gaiety . the woman be dress in the evening dress of the period . the large window face the sidewalk be open and all be lightness and merriment inside . the sidewalk table be fill . fashionably dress people be promenade up and down the sidewalk . carriage be draw up and depart , party be bid each other goodbye . semi c.v. at one of the table . discover capt . raoul de chagny , wear a dress uniform of the french army . he have a beautiful girl beside he and across from they be seat the vicomte philippe , raoul 's brother and the comtess , he wife . it be easy to see that raoul be the life of the party and that he brother be proud of he -- also that the girl beside he be smitten on he . captain raoul do chagny , of the old aristocratic house of chagny , envied by all the youth of paris , because of he way with women . c.v. of raoul this be a character study of a light heart , witty young lothario , who apparently do not take anything seriously - not even life . semi c.v. raoul - and he companion , the beautiful girl . he lean toward she and there be a look of deviltry in he dance eye , as he whisper : " you're intoxicating , marie . . I like to make love to you sometime . . in the moonlight ! " back : the girl be all thrilled and quiver with delight at he flattery -- he hand move down under the table . close up under table . as raoul 's hand search and find Marie 's hand give it a squeeze - the way she start indicate how she be thrilled . semi c.v. philippe and the comtess they be watch , with look of satisfaction . raoul' brother , the viscount philippe and he wife the comtess . back : the comtess whisper behind she fan to she husband : " marie and raoul should make a great match . i'm thankful you broke up that silly infatuation he have for that christine daae person . " back : philippe nod and a worried sort of expression come over he face -- he reply : " he hasn't forgotten her . I find he's be hunting all over paris for her . " back : the comtess show displeasure and contempt . semi c.v. of table raoul be still play up to Marie and she be simply wild about he -- then philippe produce he watch and say with a start : " we'll be late for the opera if we don't hurry ! " back : this bring raoul and Marie back to earth - he spring up to help Marie into she wrap and philippe do likewise for he wife - then the party move out toward the boulevard . mo . shot of boulevard at cafe curb . as a footman call for a carriage - raoul and party as they get in and be drive off . back stage . long shot show that the set for the first act be almost ready . semi c.v. on stage -- near dress room corridor . a burly type be direct the movement of scenery and close beside he stand another type who be stitching some canvas rip in a wing -- behind they be another type , a clownish fellow pretend to be sweeping , but with he eye on the ballet girl in corridor entrance , who taunt he by kick up they leg at he . simon buquet , head scene shifter close up of simon buquet . this be a character study of a radical type who issue order in a sharp , domineer manner . simon' brother , joseph . close up of joseph this be a character study of a opposite type to Simon - - a slow , lymphatic temperament - the type to be pity - he finish mend the tear canvas and straighten up , wince at he cramped back and make agonize face . semi c.v. joseph buquet . as Simon enter scene and affectionately rub he back for he - buquet accept he brother 's aid in a manner that show he be accustom to be petted by Simon and he like it . Simon put he arm about he brother 's shoulder and say : " a cold glass of Beer would do wonder for you aching back , take a sneak . " back : Joseph reward Simon with a grateful smile - smack he lip and amble off with Simon watch after he , with brotherly interest and affection . when Simon turn casually and look toward dress room corridor , he start in annoyance , as he see : intimate shot of florine and some ballet girl . amber . florine , through he long association with the Opera have never lose he appreciation of beautiful limb . he can not keep he mind on he business . the girl , of course , all know florine . the girl tickle and otherwise make sport with florine . he have a smile for each of they . one of they make a broad sweep with she leg and just touch he in the back of the cap - tilting the visor of the cap over he eye . every stage crew have its clown and the paris opera have florine papilion . c.v. of florine as he raise the visor of he cap and make silly face at the girl , use he broom as a sword at he side . c.v. of simon he frown savagely and stride toward florine who be off scene . intimate shot of florine and some ballet girl florine be clowning and do not see Simon who enter scene behind he -- then as florine stoops in a low bow , Simon kick he in the pants . florine 39 . 40 . 41 . 42 . become rigid , but do not look around . he know that this be not a woman 's kick . without look around he step upon a scene elevator and disappear below with a piece of scenery . int . manager' office . the corpulent debienne be seat in chair in a state border on collapse - he partner the slim poligny , pace the floor in agony -- both start as the door open and they secretary M. lavelle enter , wring he hand and all upset . his face be severely scratch , show where finger nail have leave they mark as they claw down he face -- the manager gasp at the sight of he face . he choke as he say : " carlotta' in a terrible temper ! she say that christine daae will sing her role tonight , -- over her dead body ! " back : debienne gasp in agony and sink back in he chair -- poligny almost collapse and lavelle grab he wounded face with he kerchief . int . carlotta' dressing room a may be complete she for the part of marguerite -- she be boil over with rage which make it difficult for the may to dress she . she talk excitedly to she personal manager , a type , say : " a ghost doesn't want I to sing ! imagine any thing so ridiculous ! " back : carlotta burst into scornful laughter - she will show they -- they will not put anything over on she so clumsy as all that . int . auditorium - from rear toward stage . this show the house nearly fill and the orchestra start the overture . close up in one BOX . 43 . 44 , 45 . 46 . two young lady and they parent be seat in the box - the one girl be look the house over with she opera glass , suddenly she turn they toward the opposite tier of box and a happy smile appear on she face as she see : close up in philippe's BOX . philippe , the comtess , raoul and Marie be just be seat . raoul always extend himself to be attentive to Marie . close up in BOX as in scene 42 . the girl lower the opera glass and she heart beat fast - she eye dance -- she nudge she girl companion and say : " over there be that handsome capt . raoul do chagny . lucky girl to be with he . " back : the girl finish speech and lend the glass to she eager and interested companion who look as direct by the other . a intimate shot ( close up ) raoul and marie . he be bend close to she , a mischievous smile on he face and whisper sweet word of flattery into she ear -- she be all thrill and emotion . close up in BOX as in scene 44 . the second girl still look through the glass - she bosom rise and fall with emotion , she expression one of envy - the first girl think she have have a long enough look , as she take another look herself . the other sigh deeply and say enviously : " what could be more heavenly than to be love by a man like he ? " back : without remove the glass from she eye , the 47 . first girl also sigh and nod in the affirmative . BOX # 5 in the grand tier be never put on sale , because the opera ghost have demanded it for he personal use . int . BOX corridor . . . amber . at the end of this corridor be a door to the stage and in the foreground be the entrance to box # 5 , so designate plainly above the door . the door from the stage open and meg giry , a old hag enter , carry a footstool and a vase of flower -- she talk to herself and walk with a unfirm tread to the door to box 5 , where she enter . interior ante room to BOX 5 . as meg giry enter and select a program from a pile on a small table -- then proceed into the box through door also mark # 5 interior BOX 5 . as meg giry enter , there be a motherly attitude about she as she carefully arrange the flower in the vase on a small stand -- place the footstool before one of the chair and place the program on the same chair . mother meg giry , employed by the theatre to keep clean the box on the grand tier . to her the ghost be a fine gentleman , who leave large tip for her SERVICES . back : mother giry survey she work critically , then change the position of the chair and footstool a trifle -- pick up a few bit of lint , then exit with a satisfied smile . mo . shot in dressing room corridor . in f.g. be a number dandy of the time with flower and candy , quarreling for first place outside of a dress room door - then one knock and a may open the door from within revealing the dress room of La sorelli , leader of the ballet and the lovely ballet queen herself - the dandy be admit . LA sorelli , leader of the ballet . semi close up at a couch before a dressing table . La sorelli be just dress for the ballet - she turn and smile as the dandy crowd about she with they gift , eager for she favor . int . dressing room corridor . another section of same corridor as in 13 . here we see general commotion of ballet girl , some in pink tight and other partly dress run in and out of dress room buy and drink cassaie and beer from a vendor . some be sing - some dance and some quarreling . a intimate shot of group of ballet girl . they be have a serious confab - one of the girl eye be dilate to a great size as she tell the other " mother giry say something terrible be go to happen to - night -- cause the ghost order the manager to let christine daae sing marguerite instead of carlotta . " back : the other ballet girl laugh in derision and dis - belief . then one bold girl say with a laugh : '' you talk like that crazy scene shifter , joseph buquet . let' go down in the cellar and have he introduce US to the ghost . " — back : the other girl except the one who speak first agree it will be a great lark - they try to pull the frighten one along , but she fight loose and run away . mo . shot of dressing room corridor ( toward stage . ) as frighten ballet girl run toward rear while the bold group lead by the one who make the dare lead the way forward -- all be laugh in scorn of such a thing as a ghost . they reach head of cellar step and pause . each want the other to go first - they tug at each other and one girl be push ahead . then the other follow down the step . beneath the opera . . . the cellar , one beneath the other , be five deep and in the lowest there be a lake . it be a underground CITY ..a CITY of Romance and tragedy . housing a mysterious people who live forever in dim light . amidst old shadow of strange place . int . first cellar . . faint GREEN . florine enter from beyond the arched doorway in the rear . he start up the step toward the dress room corridor . the six ballet girl , hold each other by the arm and huddle together , enter to the landing in the stair . they pretend great fright . they cluster around florine and bowl he down the stair again . they be not go to be leave alone . a longer shot . . faint GREEN the ballet girl run in to the landing upon the stair . they call to florine and he meet they at the foot of the stair . mo . close up at foot of stair . . faint GREEN the girl want he to lead they to Joseph buquet . he be proud of they confidence and he beam . the girl surround he and each take hold of he arm or he belt and the group move through the arch and exit to the right . int . cellar shot . .# 4 . . faint GREEN this be the set in which there be a headless statue . in this scene , however , the light be not on the headless statue and it can hardly be see . Joseph buguet be at work under a shade gas jet , sewing up the cheek of John the Baptist . florine and the ballet girl enter . the girl huddle around buquet as if they find protection in he presence . they begin to question the glassy eye man , he look around apprehensively as if all the shadow might be inhabit . as buquet talk he switch the head around , sometimes hold it by the hair . this head have practical eye that open and close . buquet tell they : " he eye be so deep that you can hardly see the pupil . just two black hole in a dead man' skull . " back : the girl show horror and fascination . a pain expression come over florine 's face . buquet con - tinue : " he skin be a nasty yellow and stretched across he bone like a drumhead . he nose . . there be no nose ! " back : the girl be hold spell bound . florine shiver and tell buguet with apprehensiveness : " you know the ghost doesn't like be talked about . " back : buguet look into florine 's face with he big hollow eye as if he have not hear he . then he tell the girl : " i'll show you where I saw he between the scene of a farm house and the " king of lahore " set . " back : this be too much for florine . he decide not to go with they and begin to walk away , but the girl grab he . they be not go to be leave alone with buquet after what he have say . buquet lead they down a flight of stair ; after he have care - fully laid the head aside . florine keep he eye on the head until he be out . cellar set # 5 . . faint GREEN this be the " King of lahore " set . on the leave be a suggestion of a farm house scene , the elaborate piece of " King of lahore " scenery , then a circular staircase , and on the right , a scene rack which be move by a hand switch . in front of the " King of lahore " scenery be a conceal trap in the floor and back of the set be a dark open . Joseph buquet lead the girl and florine down the circular staircase to a position before the " lahore " set . int . close up of group . . faint GREEN . buguet point he skinny finger at the dark column of the " lahore " set and begin to explain that it be in that shadow that he see the ghost . the girl be look into the shadow , fascinate , as if the ghost might appear there again . but florine be look at the dark open in the wall behind the set . his eye be fix upon something and he stand stiff and paralyze . close up florine . . faint GREEN he stare with a fix expression of freeze horror . close up the dark open in wall . . faint GREEN there be a motion in the dark open - something undefine , but plainly a motion of a dark shadow shape - the gas light go down and then up . close up florine . . faint GREEN florine give one terrific scream , as if he heart would break with terror . a longer shot . . faint GREEN the girl almost die of fright , genuine fright this time . there be a frighten clamor on the part of the girl and florine to be the first to reach the circular staircase . buquet stand quietly look at they with he hollow , glassy eye . the girl reach the stair and run up the circular stair laugh at each other and scream . florine tear up the staircase to the first landing when he momentum carry he out of the open and upon the floor at he start point . he tear up the stair again . cellar # 4 . . faint GREEN . this set be now see in another lighting so that the big headless statue with outstretch arm stand in bold relief . the girl flee in terror , follow by florine , run up the stair into the picture and almost into the arm of the headless statue . they break away from the statue and run out the right . florine take a short cut , run out the right , back of the pile of prop - erty . cellar # 3 . . faint GREEN this be the sigfry dragon 's head . the girl run in from the leave , get they reaction of fright from the dragon and run off to the right . florine run in and stop to get he breath . he know all about the ordinary prop down here and be not afraid . door in dragon 's mouth open and in - definite shadowy figure be see in back . he give one sickly look of terror and run out to the right . cellar # 2 . . faint GREEN . this be the dummy set . the girl run in and shrink from the dummy which be hang in insane posture , one up - side down , another with a break back . one of the girl get tangle up in the rope which hold the dummy and they begin to jerk up and down and they arm flap . the other girl rescue the one in the rope and they run out . cellar bridge set . . faint GREEN at the right of this set be a trap - door elevator . florine run in , jump on the elevator and pull a lever . this make the elevator shoot upward . ext . on back stage . . amber this shot be back of the scene . Simon be peeping through the scenery and talk to a stage hand . a couple of foot from he a trap fall open and florine shoot up into the air about four foot , light on he foot , nonchalantly try to appear that he be do he regular work , pick up a prop and walk off . Simon look after he with suspicious exasperation . int . LA sorelli's dressing room . . amber this be a conventional dress room , such as would be furnish to a star , or to La sorelli , who be the head of the ballet . she be also the friend of the young dancer . the scene be one of languor , a little of what people expect of parisian naughtiness . a beautifully form , languorous creature be recline upon a couch and be be entertained by two or three smartly dress young Parisians . La sorelli be before the mirror with a admirer and she may . the admirer playfully take the place of the may and be allow to fasten the top button in the back of she dress . they playful pastime be interrupt by a violent knock at the door . int . dressing room corridor . . amber . this be a close up of the other side of La sorelli 's door . twelve little hand be pound upon it . int . LA sorelli's dressing room . . amber the may open the door and the six ballet girl burst in . one of they close and lock the door . they all cluster around La sorelli and cry out together : " we saw the ghost ! the opera ghost ! " back : La sorelli be superstitious concern the ghost and she shudder . she of all in the room take it seriously . the dandy laugh at the idea , as if it be some new trick the girl be play . the girl all continue talk at once to La sorelli who try to conceal she grow fright by laugh . close up first ballet girl . . amber with wide eye , but pretend , she exclaim : " he appear before US . . out of nothing . . a skeleton in a dress suit and then he be gone ! " close up second ballet girl . . amber with assume terror , she whisper , touch she nose : " he have no nose . . no eye . . just two black hole in a dead man' skull . " mo . shot in LA sorelli's dressing room . . amber . La sorelli be still try to conceal she terror , but cannot repress shiver - the dandy be laugh - the girl terrify . suddenly La sorelli start and listen - all see she attitude and listen : mo . shot in dressing room corridor . a strange shadow move along the wall . mo . shot in dressing room . . amber . flash of everyone listen tensely . c.v. latch inside dressing room door it be lift and drop three time . mo . shot in dressing room . . amber . everyone stare in horror toward door - the ballet girl cling to La sorelli in terror . semi c.v. LA sorelli the girl cling to she in terror - then with a courage bear of fear , she produce a dagger and throw off the detain hand , move toward the door -- the girl gasp as they watch after she . semi c.v. inside dressing room door . as La sorelli enter scene and move close to door with dagger ready but tremble body . she scream : " who' there ! " back : she listen a few second , then turn the lock jerk open the door . mo . shot in corridor outside LA sorelli's dressing room . as La sorelli open door and look out - the corridor be empty . she appear startle - then be - cover she poise , she step back in and close the door . mo . shot in dressing room . as La sorelli return to the frighten ballet girl - and dandy who see there be no danger , again smile and laugh to show how brave they be - La sorelli toss the dagger on she dresser top and shrugging she shoulder indicate there be nothing to worry about . shoot from the stage . . amber . this shot show the vast audience from this angle , settle in they seat for the performance , but in the f.g. be the prompter 's box . the prompter be arrange he papers . he be a dapper , grouchy little fellow . he bend down until he be almost out of sight , the open from the stage to the prompter 's box must be large enough to admit a person through it . long shot from rear of auditorium toward stage . the curtain rise on the home of faust the age german alchemist . we see the age alchemist work with he chemical strive to find the elixir of life . back stage . florine be peeping through one of the stage en- trances at the first scene of faust . when a good look ballet girl pass he - he crane he neck to admire she -- then decide to follow she . shoot down on stage from above . florine follow the ballet girl -- there be a open trap in the floor which she step over - he step into it and fall through . cellar under stage . as florine fall through trap above and land on the floor , where he wince with pain and curse he luck . mo . shot on stage . scene where mephistophele be tempting faust -- show he a vision of marguerite ( carlotta ) . the vision fade and faust weaken . int . light control room . . amber we have a illustration of the light control room and machinery . this room be under the stage and in it be a short flight of step lead to the platform upon which the prompter be stand . the light control man be stand near he lever but have evidently neglect to watch the time . the prompter , who can be see bend down from he box , call the man 's attention to the time . the control man look at he watch which be hang in front of he and immediately begin to pull two lever , each in a opposite direction . aside from the interesting nature of this shot it seem to plant the scenery for future situation . int . auditorium . . amber . this be a long shot take from high up in the back of the auditorium , show the chandelier and stage . gently the light die out in the chan - delier , and at the same time the footlight come on , leave the house in semi-darkness . intimate shot of orchestra pit . . amber . the leader be hold he baton aloft . he strike the air with it and seventy bow strike the string in one sweeping motion . 91 . close up in philippe's BOX . raoul be pay but little attention to the opera - he be toy with Marie 's stray curl . long shot from rear of auditorium to stage . mephistophele transform faust from age to youth - then curtain fall amidst applause . fade out during the intermission before the ballet . fade in : long shot of the grand staircase a general promenade of the audience - meeting acquaintance , etc . mo . close shot grand staircase . as philippe come down the stair into f.g. with the comtess and Marie on he arm - Marie keep look about anxiously - then she turn to philippe with a look of disappointment and say : " where do you suppose raoul went ! " back : philippe frown darkly and he reply : " he's probably in the foyer do dance looking up some of he common ac - quaintance . " back : Marie be hurt and disappointed - they move on . mo . shot on second landing of grand staircase . the eye of all the promenader suddenly focus on the Persian who come down a flight of stair to the landing where he stop and look about casually . a mysterious character be the persian a regular patron of the opera and always alone , whose source of income be as much of a enigma as the man himself . c.v. of the persian . this be a character study of a strange type - he wear a dress suit and carry a astrachan cap . he have olive skin , appear greatly interested in he surroundings but never smile . mo . shot on second landing - as in 91 . the Persian move down the step off scene and the promenader watch after he , then whisper curiously about he . int . corner foyer do dance . . amber . this be locate in the rear of the stage . the richness of this room be execute principally upon glass . it be a place of reunion between the ballet girl and they admirer . in special prom - inence be the dancer ' practice bar . they hold to that bar while stand upon they toe or place one ankle upon the bar while they stand upon one toe and while they be do this thing they be talk to they admirer . this be a gen - eral entrance scene of the ballet girl and thirty or more young and old parisian dandy , patron of the opera , who be allow in the foyer de dance during the intermission . it be a picture of pink tight , fluffy lace skirt and parisian dandy . there be a flirt air of lightness , merriment and laughter about . some be practice they step , other be flirt . capt. raoul be notice - able , carry on a familiar conversation with La sorelli , the ballet queen . semi c.v. LA sorelli and raoul raoul be kid she along and it be noticeable that she be fascinate by he personality . several of the dandy we see previously in she dress room come up and seek to draw she attention but she pay they no heed and they be greatly ex - asperate . back stage . . full set . as workmen finish set scene for the ballet - in b.g. christine appear in entrance to dress room corridor . semi c.v. of christine . as she look on with that same wistful expression . semi c.v. of sorelli and raoul . raoul suddenly look at he watch - be startle - indicate he must get back to he box - he lean close and whisper something in she ear with a devilish smile on he face . her eye light up with delight - she nod she head in the affirmative - he exit laugh , she wave after he . back stage . ( at side ) as raoul enter still laugh to himself , he chance to look at a big mirror and stop aghast as he see : c.v. raoul by big mirror . in the mirror 's reflection can be see christine daae stand in entrance to dress room corridor - raoul gasp and whirl around . c.v. christine as she suddenly see raoul off scene and she eye dilate in amazement . c.v. of raoul . he stare in surprise - then start forward with a happy smile . mo . shot of stage near entrance to dressing room corridor . as raoul start toward christine , she turn and flee - and as he get near the door , he be suddenly block for the whole ballet come tear out for they place - he be compel to wait . int . christine's dressing room . she burst in the door - close and lock it , lean against it with madly beat heart . int . dressing room corridor . as few last of ballet hurry past camera - then raoul hurry in from behind camera and look madly about - he run to the cross corridor where he look up and down . c.v. of raoul his face fall in disappointment - he shoulder droop - then a look of determination come into he eye . he smile as he have a idea - he exit . a long shot from rear of auditorium . the curtain rise and the " faust " ballet begin . from data that we have in the office 150 ballet girl ( dancer ) be use in the " faust " ballet . int . BOX corridor . as raoul open door and enter from the stage - he wear a grim look and he enter the box . int . philippe's BOX . as raoul return - philippe and the comtess glower at he and Marie playfully scold he - raoul be too fill with emotion to pay she any attention . she be amaze at he sudden indifference . int . auditorium . . amber . this be the Long shot . it be a short scene of the fall of the curtain upon the grand ballet . the auditorium be flood with light and a flutter of relaxation run over the audience . close up in philippe's BOX . raoul will not look at Marie - he keep look at philippe become more angry every minute - then arise he move to the door to ante-room and motion for philippe to follow . philippe do so in wonder at raoul 's strange behavior . ante room of philippe's BOX as raoul and philippe come out of box and into f.g. - here raoul face he brother angrily and he say : " you lied to I , philippe ! you told I christine daae have left paris --another of you cheap trick ! -- I just saw her -- back on the stage ! " back : philippe gasp in surprise first - then he too become angry and he answer : " I thought you'd come to you sense , but I see you 're deter - mine to drag the name of chagny in the mud . " back : raoul 's eye light up with a dangerous light - philippe see this and shrugging he shoulder , go back into the box . raoul hesitates for a second , to cool down , then follow . semi c. V. of philippe's BOX as philippe seat himself and raoul do likewise - Marie sense some sort of trouble place she hand over raoul 's in sympathy - he give she a mean look - she withdraw she hand gasp in amazement . 130 . int . cellar # 5 . ( rio do lahore ) faint GREEN . florine be discover at the hand winch on the right . the turn of this winch lift and lower the scene frame on the right . florine be turn this winch . he be frighten stiff , frighten at the black open in the wall where sometime before he see a movement . as he turn winch he frighten eye , therefore , be upon the black open . 130-a flash of black open . . without movement in it . 130 - B 130 - c 130 - D a longer shot . . faint GREEN . as florine turn the winch two scene frame move upward and one downward . the movement of this discover the shadow upon the center wall of aman , hang , gently swinging . as the frame move both way , all or any part of the hang man may be show . florine do not see either the hang man or the shadow at first , so intent be he upon the black open . he now turn and through the framework in front of he he be confront by the hang man . the audience can not see this , only the shadow . florine be paralyze with fear and he knee knock together . he back away from the ap - parition and turn to escape up the stair . but he be now confront with the shadow . he be in utmost distress . he be surround with hang man . after a instant of confusion , florine run the gauntlet through the hang man and tear on in he fright up the circular step . int . cellar # 4 ( headless statue ) . . faint GREEN discover a variety of cellar hand , a fireman , a groom and a couple a scene-shifter . they be sit upon the floor gossipe . Simon enter from the right , look for somebody when florine run in from the cellar below . any attempt at comedy be avoid . florine become a whimper , pathetic figure . he try to explain to Simon in pantomime what he have see . another part of cellar # 5 or # 6 if we have the set . mo . shot near the big opera house forge . a groom curry a great white stallion while a hercules of a smithy be prepare to put new shoe on the stallion . we plant the stallion fastened to a ring bolt in the stone wall by a strap and be parallel with the wall . the blacksmith be hold up the hoof of the great white stallion to measure a shoe , then he move over to the forge and with he back to the horse pump the bellow and sing to himself -- then a strange thing happen , a section of the wall and floor upon which the white stallion stand suddenly turn as if upon a axle and the white stallion vanish leave apparently the same wall floor and ring bolt - the smithy lift the red hot shoe from the forge and prepare to hammer it . he casually look around toward the place where the horse be , gasp and drop the hammer . then think perhaps one of the stableman play a joke , he call to they - they join he and he ask they about the horse . 130 -e 130 - F 130 - G 130 - h 130 - 1 130-3 c. V. smithy and stablemen . as he tell they about the horse , they deny have see it or take it -- he scratch he head in perplexity . int . cellar # 4 ( headless statue set ) . faint GREEN florine be shaking and stammer he story . two other scene shifter be attract and drift in . Simon think that maybe florine be out of he head but all be impressed . they begin to move down the step lead to the " roi de lahore " set . florine will not go . he can not stand it . Simon tell he with force to " go . " whimper florine precede Simon down the stair . int . cellar # 5 . ( " roi do lahore " set ) . faint GREEN the group from above be see come down the circular staircase . the shadow of a hang man be no longer there . there be something in the f.g. so place and light that the audience cannot discern what it be . the party of man enter from the staircase and look around in a hushed way . florine look for the shadow - then he look for the body . both be go . his mind seem to be helpless to grasp the situation . by one second all eye center upon the object in the f.g. , ina hushed , awed manner they move to the object . Simon look down upon it with big , wonder eye . all be fascinate by it . Simon kneel down beside the object . semi c.v. simon and body of joseph buquet . Simon who be kneel turn the body over and gasp recoil in horror for it be he brother . then in a quick agony he listen at the breast and lift a face of terrible agony he cry : " GOD help I ! my brother ! . dead ! " mo . shot . . cellar # 5 . ( roi do lahore set . ) Simon burst into heavy sob that rack he frame the other recoil in horror . Simon throw himself across he brother 's body in he grief . another part of cellar # 5 or # 6 . . as in 30-d 130 - k 130 - L 130 - m 130 - N 130-0 the perplex smithy and stableman who be ponder - ing over the mysterious disappearance of caesar the White stallion now hear Simon 's sobbing - they be amaze . the smithy pick up he hammer and lead the way to find out what be the matter - the other follow but with reluctance . mo . shot . . cellar # 5 . ( roi do lahore set . ) Simon be lament with the other look on in horror and pity as the blacksmith and stableman come up -- they stare aghast as some about explain about the tragedy . semi close shot simon and brother' body . Simon raise up and in do so discover something beside he brother 's body - he pick it up - it be a strangler 's lasso - as he look at it , he eye glare with sudden understanding and fury - he half snarl and sob : " a strangler' lasso ? . my brother' be murdered ! " c.v. of group they all recoil in horror - florine tremble like a leaf . suddenly all back off scene with a start - the blacksmith grip he hammer . another section of cellar # 6 . ( roi do lahore set ) as the Persian now wear he astrachan cap come toward camera . semi c.v. of group . . as in 30 - m as the Persian come up - a strange contrast in he dress clothes , he see the tragedy - then shake he head sadly and say : " poor devil - he must have offended the opera ghost ! " back : everyone recoil in horror and dismay - the Persian let out a deep sigh and exit - they all look after he curiously . int . auditorium . . amber . this be the long shot from high up with the chan - delier show the audience and show full stage . the third act of " faust . " it might be a good idea in this shot to show the back of some head in the bottom f.g. to suggest that this be look down from the high gallery . that portion of the third act be in progress in which marguerite open the casket leave by mephistophele and dis - play the costly jewel which it contain . mo . close up carlotta as marguerite . . amber she be look into the casket , dazzle by the beautiful jewelry . she drop the simple bouquet which siebel have leave for she and as she begin to adorn herself with earring and bracelet , admire herself in mirror , she sing the jewel song . ext . BOX # 5 and # 4 . shoot toward they . all of a sudden a match be light in box # 5 -- this light up the box for a instant - then go out . the occupant of box four have see and they be amaze - as they look smoke come float out as if someone in the back of the box be smoking . semi c.v. on stage . carlotta sing . c.v. on inside BOX # 5 . on one of the chair lie a violin - a haze of smoke drift about - then suddenly a violin bow enter scene and scrape over the cat gut string . shoot down on audience . they hear sound and look up toward box # 5 in con - sternation . long shot . . amber this be shoot from high up in the balcony down upon the stage . this shot take the chandelier . the light in the chandelier be not on but its 137 . 139 . crystal sparkle . carlotta be sing but nervously . the light in the big chandelier come on dimly - and die out and at the same time the other light in the house go on and off and flicker . mo . close up carlotta . . amber the footlight be flicker - she continue she part in the duet but look from side to side angrily . somebody be spoil she act . flash of prompter's BOX from stage . amber . the light flicker - prompter duck downward toward light control room . int . light control room . . amber . the prompter be call the light control man down for not attend to do he work - the man be protest that he have nothing to do with it . mo . close up of chandelier . . amber the light be not light in the big chandelier but the whole chandelier begin to shake and quiver - the motion multiply by the many crystal upon it . mo . c. V. of BOX # 5 . from outside suddenly up from below the balustrade appear a death 's head -- the bony jaw move in speech . " she' singing tonight to bring down the chandelier . " back : the skull disappear below the balustrade . shoot down on auditorium . they have hear and be terrify - they glance upward and point toward the quivering chandelier . shoot up at ceiling and chandelier . as it sway and quiver . 141 . 142 . 144 . 145 . 146 . semi c.v. in philippe's BOX . all be gaze in horror and fascination at the swinging chandelier . the very long shot of the auditorium . . amber . the whole house be throw into confusion . the morale of the singer be go and they be milling around try to finish the act . the chandelier become a blaze of light and fall upon the head of that in the orchestra . as it strike , its light go out . a instant afterwards - the general house light flash on . shoot into CENTER shot of orchestra . amber . the chandelier - a blaze of light , fall on that of the terrify audience who be sit under it . the effect be that it crush and maim that whom it strike . the injure painfully try to crawl out from under the great weight . the audience sur - round the chandelier be throw into a panic . woman scream and begin to fight they way toward the exit . some of the man run to the aid of the injure . the chandelier be blaze with light . when it strike the light be instantly extinguish , and a instant later the general house light be flashed on . shot of stage . . amber . all be confusion on the stage - stage hand - firemen - ballet girl and christine run out from the wing onto the stage . carlotta faint . shot of box . . amber . confusion - woman be fainting and scream . the general movement be to get out of the box . the President in he box try to speak to the crowd to preserve order but all in vain -- nothing could stop the panic . shot at orchestra exit under portierre . . amber . the panic-stricken people be fight to get out of the exit . 147 . 148 . 149 . 150 . 154 . a close view . . amber , . beautiful gowns be tear from the shoulder of scream , frighten woman . shoot into orchestra pit . . amber . the excited musician be stand and face the audience , play " marseillaise . " shoot into philippe's BOX . . amber . the comtess and Marie be cower against philippe . raoul be stand with he hand clutching the box rail , look at the scene of panic in the orchestra . he be excited and horrify . he look toward the stage and see : on stage . . amber . this be a medium Close up of christine . she be horrify . she shield she eye from the sight and back out through the wing . shoot into philippe's BOX . amber raoul be anxious for christine 's safety . he run to go out of the box toward the corridor . philippe bar he way know what he have in mind -- demand that he remain . a dangerous light gleam in raoul 's eye . he toss he brother aside and exit . the woman gasp and philippe be furious and aghast . int . BOX corridor . amber the corridor be a wild jam of people move in a panic and in excitement toward the front of the house . raoul enter from the ante-room door and start in the opposite direction . he have to fight he way against the onrush in the opposite direction . close up in BOX 5 . a figure in a dress suit with a death 's head laugh in fiendish glee . int . grand staircase # 2 . amber 155 . 157 . 158 . 159 . title : the panic stricken people be flooding into the set from every direction . there be a great jam at the point where the two side-staircase meet . as the people fight they way down the stair , twenty policeman be fight they way up the stair . a more intimate shot . amber beautiful gowns be tear from the woman in the mad rush to get out . woman faint and be carry along with the jam . back stage . there be another panic go on . stage hand , principal and ballet corps be in a mad rush to get out , knock over scenery and prop . sud - denly raoul appear ... fight he way and look extremely anxiously for christine . his clothing be nearly tear from he body . he fight he way to the dress room corridor . int . dressing room corridor . amber . attendant , stage hand , ballet girl be run about and be collect in group , excitedly discuss the tragedy . one group be gather about christine who have faint . raoul enter from stage , dishevel as a result of he battle to get there . as he come forward , he see christine , and with a cry , he push through the group and stooping , lift she into he arm . then demand the location of she dress room , he follow , carry she after the frighten group . entrance carlotta' dressing room ( flash ) she be weep hysterically on she couch . while she may and she manager be rub she hand and face . int . christine's dressing room as the door open and raoul enter carry christine . he deposit she tenderly on she couch . then turn upon the curious group that follow and who would enter , he say : " find the doctor ! " 160 . 160 - a 160 - B back : then he drive out the group and close the door , cross to christine 's side . semi close up at couch as raoul kneel beside christine , stroking she hand and call upon she to speak to he . he be greatly worried over she condition . c.v. of christine . as she slowly open she eye ... then start in amazement as she see : c.v. of raoul . as he look down at christine with a tender yearn expression . close up at couch . raoul see christine be conscious , carry she hand to he lip . she be thrilled by the contact . he plead earnestly : " christine , my darling .... why did you run away from I ? " back : christine be too confuse for word . she just stare at he with tremble lip . c.v. of raoul as he smile down at she with a love hunger that show in he eye . then he continue : " they told I you have left paris ... that you never wished to see I again but I know they lied ! tell I they did , darling ! " c.v. of christine . fear suddenly show in she eye . she choke up . she attempt to arise . close up at couch christine in she terror , try to push raoul away as she plead : " monsieur ! how dare you ! why , I don't even know you ! " back : raoul gasp in amazement for the moment . then the tender look come back into he eye . he believe she be delirious . he capture she hand and gently force she back , say , pleadingly : " you're delirious , darling .... don 't you know I ! ..... i'm raoul ....... you sweetheart ? " back : christine blink curiously , as if daze and confuse .... she eye still show fear . raoul bend over to kiss she . c.v. inside dressing room door . as a doctor arrive with several of the curious stage folk . close up at couch . hear sound , raoul straighten up with a start and look toward the door . then worried and perplex , get to he foot . mo . shot in dressing room . as the doctor ask the curious stage folk to withdraw and they do so . the doctor then go over to the couch . semi c.v. at couch . as the doctor feel christine 's pulse and give raoul a curious look . raoul drop he eye but remain stand there , a prey to he confuse emotion . the doctor feel christine 's forehead and then as he be about to open he case , christine glance up and see raoul . at that moment , raoul look at she . his eye plead . fear return to christine 's eye . she touch the doctor 's arm and entreat he : " please ask the monsieur to withdraw " back : the doctor turn toward raoul whose face show pain . raoul bow politely and exit and christine watch he go with madly beat heart . dressing room corridor . mo . close view outside christine's dressing room door . as raoul come out fill with disappointment and anguish . he look about with unsee eye . then one of the ballet girl pass . see the handsome chap in evening clothes , she flirt boldly , but raoul do not even see she . then she turn up she nose and exit . as great as he hurt be , raoul can not go even though he make several attempt . long shot from rear of auditorium toward stage . the curtain be down . the auditorium look like a pouie have occur . scatter about be various article of masculine and feminine wear , button , sashes , slipper , spectacle , cigarettes , cigar , cane , box and flower . there beneath the place where the great chandelier hang be the wreckage of the chandelier , dead and injure and smashed seat . the dead be cover with sheet and a hospital corps be rendering first aid to the injure . only a few man of the press be allow on the scene while a number of gendarme hold back a curious crowd . in one of the upper box a man appear . c.v. in upper BOX . the man be mysterious . he be the Persian . he look down on the scene of the tragedy . shoot down from BOX on scene of tragedy . this be a flash on the Persian as he see it from box . c.v. in upper BOX . 173 . the Persian shake he head gravely at what he see . then he turn and exit from box . int . manager' office . mo . shot . debienne and poligny be crush and prostrate over the tragedy . M. lavelle , they Secretary , who be likewise upset , be compel to minister to they . semi c.v. of group & blacksmith . as the blacksmith , still carry he hammer and wave it for emphasis , say : " caesar the big white stallion you use in " the prophet " have vanished as if the earth swallowed he . " semi c.v. of group & florine . as florine shiver with terror , shake : " and th-t-the ghost ! ---h-h-has murdered joseph buquet ! " int . manager' office . . as in 173 . both the manager gasp in horror and collapse limply in they chair . int . dressing room corridor . amber the corridor be now empty except for raoul . he be pace the corridor in agony of mind . something terrible have happen to christine . he hear a movement and disappear around the corner of the corridor just as the physician enter from christine 's dress room and exit . raoul immediately re-appear and hurry to the dress room with the intention of wait for christine and get a explanation of she strange attitude toward he . semi c.v. outside dressing room door . as raoul approach the door , intend to go in and demand a explanation . however , as he hand be about to close about the latch , something halt he . he just stand there in a attitude of hopelessness and despair . int . christine's dressing room . semi c.v. of christine . relax on couch before large mirror . she , too , be sad and upset . there be tear in she eye . int . passageway behind mirror . suddenly a shaft of light appear . it grow wider , revealing a slide door . then a figure in evening dress , wear a black mask , enter carry a candelabra and a violin . he come to the foreground where he manipulate some machinery on the wall and press close to the wall with he mask face . semi c.v. christine on couch . suddenly part of the mirror behind she become transparent , revealing the upper portion of the mask face . int . passageway behind mirror . the mask man be look through the reverse of mirror . he then operate the machinery and the transparent space through which can be see christine on she couch , become opaque . the figure lift he violin and start to play . semi c.v. christine on couch . she hear the music and listen enchant . then she smile through she tear . int . passageway behind mirror ( flash ) the mask man be play the violin . semi c.v. outside dressing room door . raoul too have hear the music . he listen with grow perplexity . yet he be fascinate . int . passageway behind mirror . the mask man stop play . then he say : " sing for I again christine - sing I a song of love ! " semi c.v. of christine on couch . she lift a radiant face as though hypnotize . then she arise and start to sing . semi c.v. outside dressing room door . raoul be amaze by the sound of christine 's voice and that of a man inside she dress room . he listen intently . close up of christine . as she sing with all of she be . int . passageway behind mirror . the mask man who be play violin , stop play and say : " no president ever received so fair a gift . when you sing , the angel weep . " c.v. christine . her whole be be warm and elate by the praise . she say : " when I sing for you , I give you my soul . " semi c.v. outside dressing room door . raoul 's eyebrow arch with a sudden surprised understanding , have hear a man 's voice . he be astonished and curious . he have leave the room a instant before and no man except the physician be there . he draw closer to the door and as he continue to hear , he show more astonishment and bewilderment . then afire with jealous suspicion , he be about to put he hand on the latch to confront christine and the unknown man when some - thing he hear halt he . int . passageway behind mirror . the mask man speak : " christine , you must love I ! .... I have decreed that you shall be the prima donna ... from this night on . " c.v. of christine ( flash ) she be all aglow with a divine feel and happiness . semi c.v. outside dressing room door . raoul be wild with jealous rage . he will burst in the door and cause a scene he draw back to leap at the door . then he heart sink . his shoulder sag . he turn away and move down the corridor . he be in the depth of despair . moving shot down corridor . raoul be in close up as he walk ... aprey to jealousy and rage . as he get to the cross corridor , a wild idea register in he expression . he glance back toward dress room door . then toward shadow . he will watch and see . pan as raoul duck around corner of corridor . int . cellar # 4 ( faint GREEN ) as the Persian enter scene from rear behind some obstacle and come toward camera , look behind curiously and furtively . dressing room corridor . at the cross corridor in foreground wait raoul in a jealous rage as he watch up corridor toward christine 's dress room . then he be reward for christine , wrap in she fur cloak and she face cover with a veil , come out of she dress room and hurry toward camera . raoul duck back and watch as christine pass he place of hide without see he . she pass corner and he watch after she . then fill with a jealous rage , he dart out and dash toward she dress room . semi c.v. outside dressing room door . as raoul dash up . there be murder in he heart . he draw he sword ( for he have be in full military dress ) and burst upon the door . int christine's dressing room . amber a gas light be burn near the closet door . raoul rush into the room . it be empty . he suppose that the man be there . he look under the couch and see no one be there . he look into the closet . he feel the wall as if they hold some secret . then he pause to think . c.v. of raoul . he have pause in the midst of he blind rage to wonder . be he lose he mind ... have he ear deceive he ? he suffer chagrin and sheathes he sword . then the think occur to he that he will overtake christine and demand a explanation . int . christine's dressing room . as raoul put he thought into action and rush out . int . dressing room corridor . amber as raoul run into the scene from christine 's dress room , a solemn procession enter from the stair lead to the first cellar . two man be carry the body of Joseph buquet upon a stretcher . buquet 's face be cover with a handker - chief which have be dampen and will cling closely to he face . there be five other stage hand and the procession include Simon and florine . Simon lean heavily on two companion - stage hand and sob silently . all have they head down . as procession come from the cellar , move toward the stage , interrupt raoul 's hasty exit and delay he . he slow up he pace and bow he head in the presence of death . .... fade out . raoul have found christine only to lose her again .... for the opera house have close for two week and he know not where she live . ext . of opera house .. rear stage door on the stage door be a sign in french which read , " close for repair " nearby wait a barouche and in it sit raoul . a gendarme pass casually , look at raoul and move on . cc.v. in barouche raoul be wait impatiently and fill with despair . his eye have a haunt look . c.v. of stage door it open and M. lavelle , secretary to the manager , come out with a portfolio and start off . cc.v. in barouche raoul 's eye light up with a start of hope . he hail lavelle who be off scene and hurry to get out of the barouche . semi c.v. by wall of opera house . lavelle have halt and be wait with a know look and somewhat annoyed . then raoul enter scene with a hopeful look . he produce a letter and hand it to the other . lavelle shake he head in the negative and refuse to take it . raoul plead and the other still refuse . then raoul produce money . lavelle weaken . raoul choose a large note and place it with the letter , force it into lavelle 's hand , give he a smile and a pat and exit . lavelle look after he , still undecided , then he shrug he shoulder and pocket the money , exit . semi c.v. of barouche . as raoul climb back in and with a happy smile , order driver to drive off . they drive off scene . fade out fade in . ext . in paris STREET . blue . quick fade in . this be the night life section of the Quarter . it be a public corner in front of a old workingman 's cafe . aside from the night life on the street , party of man and woman ( principally man ) be enter and leave cafe . beggar and thief and character . there be a group of about fourteen work man upon the corner . Simon and florine be in the center of group . the group be listen to Simon who be harangue they and the smaller section listen to florine who be describe the discovery of the body . mo . close up simon and he group . blue the work man , interesting character , be listen intently to Simon . they be he friend . the speaker be excited and emphatic . as he speak other join the group . Simon be say emphatically : " the police be baffle and the manager believe there be a ghost . I tell you see ghost don't carry strangler' lassos ! " back : the man listen and show by they manners that there be logic in he statement . mo . close up florine's group . blue florine have become quite a important person . from a mere assistant scene shifter , he have become the man who first discover the body . florine be pantomime he discovery of the body , miming some of the harrowing detail . he go through this with a air of sweeping bravado . the other be listen in childlike wonder . they envy he . mo . close up simon' group . blue Simon be try to get over to the other the importance of they own danger . he tell they : " how be we go to protect ourselves against the monster who know which one of US will be he next victim ? " mo . close up simon and he group . blue . florine be in the act of make a extravagant gesture but when he hear that last line he stop , he gesture half complete . all look towards Simon , florine hold he gesture . close up florine . blue . a silent shiver run through he . a sickly look come over he face . quick fade out . quick fade in . interior christine's bedroom . she be seat near the window , in the depth of despair and melancholia . as she break into sob , mme . valerius enter the door and stand look with sympathy and pity at she . mme . valerius , christine's grandmother c.v. of mme . valerius . as she look with pity and understanding , then start toward christine . interior christine's bedroom . as mme . valerius cross to christine and seating herself beside she , pull she over on she breast . then she pat and comfort she , stretch she hair and wiping the tear from the corner of she eye and speak word of cheer . christine look up in - to she grandmother 's eye and with a expression of intense agony and plead , she sob : " I love he , grandma .... i'm sure of it but ... tell I ... be it worth it ... this sacrifice I have made ? " back : her grandmother hug she tightly - then lift up she chin and face she with a serious pity expression , say : " if you be of the nobility , you could give raoul the love of a wife .... would you be content to give he the love of a mistress ? " back : her grandmother - as christine shudder in horror and shaking she head in the negative , cling to she grandmother in terror . the latter whose heart yearn for the welfare of the sweet young girl continue to comfort she . suddenly both start as they hear : ext . mme valerie home show lavelle knock on door . c.v. of lavelle as he produce raoul 's letter and look at the letter with a know grin . int . live room . mme . valerius mme. valerius be just in the act of open the door and M. lavelle enter with a cheery smile . semi c.v. near door . as mme. valerius greet lavelle . the latter produce raoul 's letter and hand it to the woman . as he start to explain about it , mme . valerius place she finger to she lip quickly to caution he . then shaking she head in the negative with a warning expression that christine must not know , she quickly hide the letter in she bodice . int . christine's bedroom . christine have hear voice and curious , she arise and exit . mo . shot in live room . mme. valerius and lavelle hear christine come . the woman again register a look of warning . then christine enter . she greet lavelle who be very nervous and uncomfortable and anxious to get away . her wistful look be suddenly illuminate by a hopeful smile . she press she hand together and insert letter say : " you bring I some mail . " back : he be confuse and tongue - tie : he look toward mme . valerius whose eye show warning . he recover he poise , a bit , and shake he head in the negative , christine 's face fall and she swallow hard . lavelle take the chance to get away . he place he hand on the door latch and say : " I come to tell you , the opera house will re-open a week from today . " back : christine nod but she mind be far away . lavelle bow , then exit . semi c.v. christine & grandmother . two tear roll down christine 's cheek . the other swallow hard . she just can not be cruel . she pull the letter from she bodice and push it up with raoul 's letter . as christine see it , she face be transfigure with joy . she seize it eagerly . then be sweep into she grandmother 's arm . when the other release she , christine hungrily tear open the envelope and read : my darling christine : would you break the heart of one who love you devotedly ? can you deny he the memory of you sweet perfume ? can you forbid he the wonder of you voice ? please see I ! you immediate slave raoul . . back : christine look up from the letter , all thrilled with the wonder of it . she be wild with joy . she cry out she joy , then run from the scene . int . christine's bedroom as she run in simply overcome with joy and prepare insert of letter to answer raoul 's letter . close up of christine at desk . as she start to write the letter . lap dissolve into dearest raoul : I feel that I must answer you today , as I be go to perros to fulfill a sacred duty . tomorrow , be the anniversary of my father 's death . he be bury on the slope where we play together as child and not far from the spot where we say good - bye for the last time . hopefully christine . fade out . at perros , by the sea fade in . ext . garden at perros . quick fade in . the location be a quaint little garden in Brittany . in the b.g. look over a low garden wall be the ocean . upon the leave be a little Inn . the Inn of the setting Sun . on the right there be a little arbor . christine be discover , occupy with thought of long ago . christine 's dress be so conceive that it will lend to the spiritual quality of she character . she be sad and passive and look a frail little figure . mo . close up christine . her spirituality and the mystery surround she be bring out . she see someone approach and be envelop in a complexity of emotion . she love raoul and she eye twinkle . she fear the meeting and she heart aches , yet she yearn for it and she run toward the wall . a longer shot . with glad anticipation - christine run to the low wall . raoul run in and jump over the wall and start panting before she . mo . close up raoul and christine . eagerly he devour she with he eye and be about to take she into he arm . it be plain to be see that she be he for the take . however , he be suddenly choke by a onrush of jealousy and he arm drop to he side . he speak to she impetuously : " why didn't you wish to recognize I in you dressing room ?... why be you so anxious for I to go ? " back : the bright eagerness die out of she eye . she stand stare at raoul without replying . she can not answer because there be too much to explain . ' you do not answer ' he indicate unhappily . then with a outburst of jealousy and suspicion , he exclaim : " i'll answer for you ! .. it be because there be another with you ... a man from whom you must hide our Romance ! " back : christine 's eye dilate wider in horror and amazement . c.v. of raoul . as he rave on with jealous suspicion : " don't feign surprise ! ... I heard he voice ! I heard you say ' tonight I sing only for you ... I give you my soul ' " . close up raoul & christine . at this word from raoul , a deathly pallor spread over christine 's face ... she almost faint . raoul become conscious of he odious behavior and seek to apologize . then suddenly she eye moisten and two great tear roll down she cheek . raoul try to take she in he arm , but she escape and flee in great disorder . raoul call after she , then angry at himself ... turn and gaze , gloomily out over the sea . another section of the little garden . as christine flee into scene from behind camera . then she step and turn around revealing that she be sorry she run away . she make up she mind to explain everything to he ... exit back behind camera . semi c.v. at garden wall raoul be gaze despondently out to sea when christine slip up behind he . she be smile again . she touch he shoulder . he turn with a start , then smile and capture she hand . he start to pull she to he , when she say : " I want to explain everything to you " back : raoul be at once interested . he release she hand and permit she to tell he of the past . she lead he off scene . a longer shot . christine lead raoul to the little arbor on the right . both sit down upon the moss cover bench . mo . close up raoul and christine . he be sorry for the pain he have cause she . he beg she forgiveness and try to take she into he arm . she repulse he gently . the moment be too serious for this . the tear trickle down she cheek as she begin to speak : " you remember that when we be child , my father told US of the angel of music ... how when he visited people , that people have genius ? " back : raoul nod in the affirmative and listen . c.v. of christine she continue in a exalt manner : " raoul , my father promised to send I the angel of music from heaven and he have ! " semi close up of christine & raoul . raoul be startle and look at she stupidly , then incredulously - then suspiciously . christine do not observe the reaction in he . she continue more lightly than before . " it be he voice you heard . he visit I nightly in my dressing room to give I music lesson . " back : raoul burst out laugh - a mad laugh - and to christine , a rude , insulting laugh . she draw away from he with a hostile air . he tell she with intensity : " christine somebody be making a game of you . " back : she cry out at he and she eye flash . she be deeply hurt . she think that he do not believe she be a honest girl . then she leap to she foot and run away . raoul pursue . longer shot of garden . as raoul pursue christine to the Inn door where he grab and detain she . semi c.v. outside inn door . as raoul try to placate christine . he release he hold on she arm , whereupon she give he a angry look and without replying , enter the Inn door and slam it in he face . raoul be chagrine and disappointed . he curse the luck then move away sadly . see fade out . fade in ext in garden at perros . blue slow fade in . it be night of the same day . the play of light and shadow make a beautiful but depress scene . there be a stage background . at first , the heaven be fill with star . then as the full moon begin to rise over the horizon , the star begin to fade and long shadow creep out into the garden . raoul be sit in the little alcove just where he be leave . he be downcast and gloomy . his attention suddenly become center . the door open - the door to the Inn and he arise . slowly the door open and christine enter , dress all in white . her eye be fix and look into space . she move like one walk in she sleep . raoul who be in foreground , watch christine exit with grow suspicion . then he follow she with caution . ext . in graveyard at perros . blue this be a country graveyard beside a little church in Brittany and it must be so conceive that it will seem reasonable to appear it join the garden . skeleton and skull by the hundred be heape against the wall of the church . the full moon throw its light upon the scene . christine enter like a sleep walker and pick she way amongst the grave . raoul enter a short distance behind and follow she at a distance . christine finally stop before a grave with a moss cover headstone and kneel . mo . close up christine . blue in this shot a part of the inscription upon the headstone may be read : henrik daae and under this 182 ... ( and the last numeral obliterate and entire death data obliterate . ) christine make the sign of the cross and begin to pray . mo . close up raoul . blue . he be watch she intently . he feel a tender pang of sympathy for this lone girl praying at she father 's grave . suddenly raoul raise he head in a attitude of listen . he be puzzle . he can not locate the source of the sound . behind the wall of the sacristy . discover the phantom wear he mask and 246 . 247 . 248. long cloak . he be play he violin . close up of christine at grave . she slowly raise she head . her face be tran - form and transfigure with awe and ecstasy as she listen . behind wall of sacristy . ( flash ) the phantom play the violin . semi c.v. of raoul . he be startle and dismay for he hear the same strange melody that he have hear outside christine 's dress room door . then as he listen , he passion arise - in a jealous frenzy . behind wall of sacristy ( flash ) the phantom stop play and peer over the wall of the sacristy . shot of christine and raoul blue . christine 's face be radiant . she turn and wind she way out of the graveyard and she be in the same mood that she enter . raoul 's eye follow christine for a second . then again he begin to search for the source of the music with he eye . he think he hear a noise in the direction of the bone heap and he take two or three step in this direction . another shot . blue . this be shoot upon raoul 's back with the bone - heap in the near background . raoul be walk toward the bone heap when he come to a sudden stop . c.v. behind sacristy wall . the phantom laugh a fiendish laugh . semi c.v. near sacristy wall as in 46 raoul suddenly draw he sword and advance toward the wall . as he do so , one skull roll from the bone heap and topple along the ground to 253 - a 253-b 254 . he foot . then two more tumble toward he in the same fashion close up raoul . blue . he be puzzle and in a measure horrify . a half dozen skull roll in and increase the pile at he foot . he take a step backward as if they be obnoxious to he . then with a start he glance offscene at he right . mo shot of graveyard . as a strange shadow move rapidly through the grave stone . c.v. raoul . he be startle but brave . he start in pursuit . mo . shot of grave yard . as raoul pursue the move shadow . alley shot around church as we follow raoul with camera - as he round corner of church , he see the phantom in the long cloak , just about to enter the church door . raoul halt . c.v. of raoul . he shout : " stop ! or i'll cleave you in two ! " c.v. of the phantom his back to camera . he suddenly turn , revealing a skull for a head . semi c.v. at church door . raoul gasp and the sword drop from he hand . the phantom turn and vanish inside the church . raoul stare in dismay and horror . title 255 . 257 . 258. insert card fade out . when the opera house reopened , it be christine daae singing marguerite as the ghost have promised . for the dynamic carlotta be too upset to appear , mo close up christine . amber there be a ecstatic expression upon she face . she be experience a great sequence . she begin to sing , look afar off . she be sing to she good genius . mo . close up looking to stage . amber the house be dark . the footlight be light and the orchestra be play while the audience wait in suspense . the curtain rise , disclose christine as marguerite kneel before the shrine in the Church . semi c.v. in raoul be BOX . he be all alone . raoul be lean forward , watch she as if hypnotize and fill with strange emotion . there be no doubt but that he love she intensely and though thrilled by she sing , he suffer from the memory of they parting at perros . mo . close up of christine . amber she be sing in the same strange way , as if she be hypnotize . semi c.v. in raoul be BOX as raoul watch intently , he be suddenly interrupt by the appearance of a usher who hand he a card and exit . raoul 's eye light up with hope as he look on the card . ( in raoul' finger ) wearing the do chagny crest and upon which be engraved " count raoul do chagny " below he name be written " please see I ? , note on back of card . 261 . 262. raoul . " raoul be finger turn the card over impatiently , revealing on the other side , christine 's answer . if you love I you must never see I again . back : raoul start in dismay and look out toward the stage . then a look of jealous rage fill he . his jaw set with determination , he arise and exit from the box . int . BOX corridor as raoul come out of he box and exit through door to stage at rear . long shot of christine . amber it be evident that christine have finish she aria . the audience be a tumult of applause . int . dressing room . corridor toward stage . as raoul enter in a blind , jealous anger . at that moment the Persian come by ext of the cellar . the two almost collide , then stop and look at each other . mo close up raoul & persian amber . the two man stop and look at each other , just for a instant , one look , but in that look the Persian express a friendly compassion for raoul . the Persian then pass on toward the stage ; raoul look after he . it strike raoul with sudden force that perhaps this Persian be christine 's angel of Music . raoul show he suspicion and again turn toward christine 's dress room . int . dressing room corridor ... amber . raoul rap at christine 's door . as there be no response , he try the knob . the door be unlock and he exit ... into the dress room . int . christine's dressing room amber raoul enter and find a gas light burn but the room be empty . he still hold the suspicion occasion by he meeting with the Persian . he look about the room angrily , then sit down on the edge of the couch to wait . int . auditorium ... shoot stage only . amber it be a beautiful tableau - of the angel bear marguerite up to heaven . faust be on he knee praying , mephistophele be crouching as the archangel confront he with the flame sword of the cross . the scene be end and the curtain fall . shoot prom stage . .. amber this be a shot of the entire orchestra . the light be flashed on . the vast audience respond in a great emotion for the new marguerite . after the french style , they be wild with acclaim . int . auditorium amber this be a very long shot . the curtain at the corner be draw back for a curtain call . christine daae appear alone , a diminutive little figure upon which thousand of eye be focus . the audience be give she a great ovation . full figure of christine . in close up as she acknowledge the applause in a nervous bewilder sort of way then she vanish through the edge of curtain out of sight . int . christine's dressing room raoul become angrier every moment . then he arise . he will go . as he move to the door , he stop as he hear : dressing room corridor . as christine come happily down the corridor , she arm laden with flower and accompany by a group of admire ballet girl who shower she with praise . int . christine's dressing room . raoul look about in a panic . then he decide he will hide . he conceal himself in she closet just in time , for the door open and christine enter . she wave good - bye to the ballet girl and close the door , cross quietly to she mirror , where she hug the flower happily . mo . close up at closet door . amber . raoul be look at she from the closet . he take a step forward to go to she , then see a change in she which cause he to pause . mo . close up christine ... amber a strangeness have come over christine . she raise she head in a attitude of listen . her eye seem to be fix upon space . passage way back of mirror . as the mask phantom play he violin . close shot in closet . raoul be suspicious yet puzzle . he feel that he be about to witness the proof of she perfidy . he watch intently . close up of christine before mirror . she stretch out she arm toward the mirror and with a exalt look , say : " I am here , angel of music . " back : the glass begin to quiver . a dozen image of christine be see , all quivering . christine herself be terrify . she grope blindly at a long white drape hang beside the mirror . the terrify christine disappear through the mirror and be go with the mirror hang and the tear drape with she . a longer shot amber raoul run into the room from the closet . he pound at the glass with he fist . he try to move it . he strike at the wall wildly . then , wear out , empty -brain , he take up a chair and with all he strength , hurl it at the mirror . the chair be shattered and the mirror uninjured . then exhaust , he sink down upon the couch and bury he face in he hand . int . passageway . back of mirror ( faint GREEN ) christine find herself in a gloomy passage light by a single ray of light which come from some unseen source . christine clutches the drape - bewilder and terrify - but she do not cry out . she look ahead of she in the direction of the improvise runway , but she do not look directly downward . then she turn to the mysterious door through which she have just enter . near she from below a long arm be extend into the scene . the finger of the hand be hold close together , stiff and straight . the hand itself be not make up for a skeleton 's hand , but merely to suggest one slightly . then , without a step , the figure of erick move upward into scene , without motion on he part as if he be be lift upon a elevator . erick wear a black mask cover he eye and nose . the eye seem to be two black hole . the part of the face that be visible , the chin and the mouth , be hideous . there be practically no hair on the head . he be dress all in black , he own peculiar fashion of evening clothes . the whole be cover by a long black cloak . erick extend he hand and grasp christine by the wrist . she stand motionless , burn to stone , but do not turn she eye upon he yet . a stone cold hand that smell of death ! back : christine scream in sudden hysterical terror and look up into he face . she scream and begin to fight he hysterically . this scene be play very rapidly . a longer shot . faint GREEN this shot show a improvise runway with the exit in the leave f.g . in the b.g. can be see the machinery of the mirror , the two counter - piece , etc . one of erick 's foot be still rest upon one of the counterpiece to explain how he come to be elevate into the picture . he ride up upon the move counterpiece . christine be fight he hysterically . he take she bodily in he arm . the drape be partially fold about she . close up erick & christine . faint GREEN as christine struggle and scream , erick 's skeleton hand close over she mouth . when she horrify eye catch sight of erick 's face close to hers , she partially swoon but do not entirely lose consciousness . ( this scream be employ to key the scene down so that it can again be key up when christine enter erick 's abode . ) there must be this transition here , because if christine continue to oppose erick , she would not sit willingly upon the white stallion nor row quietly in he arm in the boat . a longer shot . faint GREEN . christine in he arm , erick sweep over the improvise runway with she and exit to the leave . the long drape be float after they . int . bridge in cellar . faint GREEN . erick swoops in on the bridge from the right , carry christine , the drape float behind they . christine be pliable in he arm , half in a swoon . christine be reluctant . erick exit with she to the leave . the scene change by employ - ing a travel iris . as one picture irise out of one corner , the next simultaneously irise in another . thus there be not a instant of blank screen . this irise should always travel in the direction of the action . ( it be suggest that in each of this lapse , the fade - out be take three way , by lap dissolve , fade and the move iris . ) int . cellar blank corridor . faint GREEN . moving Iris in caesar , the great white stallion be tethere here and beside he upon the floor be a lantern . with a glide motion , erick , christine in he arm , move to the horse . as he lift she upon the horse 's back , christine mildly resist , but fix herself upon the horse , and remain there . erick take up the lantern and lead the horse out , the long drape make a picture . moving Iris out concave wall set for shadow effect . faint GREEN moving Iris in a distort shadow of christine upon the horse and erick lead it . while the horse and erick be walk the shadow do not move off the screen . the shadow stay in one spot . key set for explanation shadow effect . faint GREEN this be shoot through a doorway upon a circular corridor show how the distort shadow effect be produce by the lantern erick carry . moving Iris out . cross section shot of three cellar . faint GREEN . moving Iris in . this show diagonal runway lead from one cellar to another . erick lead the horse carry christine , be in the middle cellar of the three . he lead the horse around the turn and start down the runway toward the bottom cellar . moving Iris out . int . on lake # 1 faint GREEN this first shot be look from the distance over the still water to the approach in the b.g. behind the boat and the landing place , there be quite a deep view into the cellar approach . this be for the end drama with the mob . a boat , moor in front of this approach , have a fantastic shape , say a venetian line , and be paint black . erick enter lead horse . this be all in b.g . he place the light in the boat , take christine in he arm and as he do so , the horse exit as if by habit . erick step into the boat with christine and the drape . with he free hand , he take a long pole and give the boat one shove . he glide toward the camera into the darkness , the drape float upon the water in its wake . lake shot no.2 faint GREEN this be the big lake shot . this shoot from the light into the darkness . the boat glide in from the darkness , the figure in it motionless . the boat glide up to two or three stone step before a deep stone casement door in the masonry on the leave . the boat come to a stop before the step . erick pull a ring attach to a heavy chain , hang from a hole in the masonry . the heavy door swing open and erick and christine be lie in he arm as a flood of dazzle light show she be in he arm limply and without any movement of resistance . she be like one in a dream or stupor . erick carry she from the boat through the door . int . erick drawing room . amber follow be the element in this room for the action : 1 - open from it through a bread vault open be a music room in which be a organ , violin , musician 's compose stand . 2 - the door to the lake landing . 3 - the door to erick 's bedroom . 4 - a short flight of step lead up to a screen open lead to the torture chamber . 5 - a Spanish chest which contain : the cricket and the grasshopper . 6 - a trap door on the floor open upon step lead into the cellar . 7 - the hide open to erick 's secret passage and stair by which erick leave the house by a route other than by the lake . 8 - a sounding device upon the wall . this room be artistically arrange . this suite of room be in the very foundation of the opera house . thousands of ton of masonry be above and be be upheld by the arch and wall of the room . there be nothing of fantasy in the actual line and construction of the suite . the fantastic be apply by erick 's hand in the lighting , furnishings and drapery . artistically arrange with many variation of freshly cut flower . each of the furnishings be old - fashioned , the idea be that it belong to erick 's mother . the couch be very light , much higher than a ordinary couch . erick enter carry christine . he cross the room to the high couch and gently place she upon it . he then return to the door and close it . christine 's stupor be give way to astonishment and bewilderment . she begin to look at the strange room when erick return to she . she still be not sufficiently recover from she stupor to be startle and shocked by erick 's approach . he observe she for a instant with fold arm in a attitude of humility . mo . close up erick & christine amber slowly erick sink to he knee upon a footstool . he be most abject and humble . he touch the fold of she dress . he press it to he breast and then to he lip . christine be watch he as one hypnotize . then she scream a sudden and terrify scream . she spring from the couch . a longer shot . amber in the center of the room christine hesitates , then wildly run out through the door lead to erick 's bed chamber . without haste and in humility , he move after she . int . erick bed chamber . amber the wall and the low ceiling be hang in black . in the middle of the room there be a canopy from which hang curtain of red brocade stuff . under this canopy there be a open coffin , a elaborate affair line with wuffed silk . it be fantastic but must look like a coffin - the lid be open . when christine enter the coffin be not see . she enter and stand freeze to the spot . her wildness give way to a dumb terror . the camera pan revealing the coffin and the canopy , but keep christine in the scene . erick enter to she side in a quiet humble way . indicating the coffin , he tell she in a matter - of - fact way : " this be where I sleep . " back : she look at he with quiet horror and incredulity . she begin to get a idea . it begin to force itself upon she . erick continue : " one have to get used to everything in life , never to eternity . " mo . close up christine and erick . amber the shot cut out the coffin . christine 's terrify eye be now fastened intently upon erick 's face . the think that have force itself upon she , be a revelation to she . she cry at he with loathing : " you be not the angel of music .... you be the opera ghost ! " back : erick ignore this . he indicate toward the coffin , " this be not a pleasant sight for you . you have better go into the next room . " christine here begin a transition . from the positive , assume attitude , one of hopelessness and fear begin to envelope she . she begin to tremble and without remove she eye from he face , back into the draw room . int . erick drawing room amber . christine enter from erick 's bed chamber to the center of the room . she be now a pathetic , helpless little figure , hopeless , without under - stand of what be to happen to she and tremble with fear . erick enter from he bedchamber and go to she with a humble stoop of the shoulder . he stand before she a instant in a abject attitude . int . erik' drawing room amber erick seem to fully understand she attitude . he tell she humbly : " christine , you must know the truth . i'm not a ghost ... nor a angel of music ... " back : she be wide - eye and motionless and remain this way throughout the scene . erick continue sadly : " just a man of flesh and blood .... I am erick ! " back : christine be stunne by this knowledge for she recognize the voice . she say angrily though frighten : " if you be human , remove that mask so that I may see you face . " back : Erik recoil in alarm and take a step backward . c.v. erik . his face and frame tremble with emotion as he answer " you shall never see erik' face ... unless you resign yourself to the fate of never again seeing the light of day " int erik' drawing room . christine be terrify ... she become hysterical and sink to she knee , plead with he to release she - to take she home . instead , Erik gaze at she with fold arm and he say with tragic sadness : " I love you christine .... I have bring you here a prisoner ... " back : there be a movement of christine 's eye , something to indicate terrible suspense ... he continue the title , humbly : " ... for love ! " back : christine 's hand go to she temple . she totter a instant - then swoon . as she fall , he catch she in he arm and allow she to sink gently to the floor . he kneel beside she and sway and moan and beat he chest and grovel , he kiss the hem of she garment . slowly then christine regains consciousness . she be at first terrify ; then as he see the tragic outpour of a sublime love , she can only feel pity for the strange creature who weep and beat he breast . when Erik see she be conscious , he seize she hand and cover they with burn kiss . christine draw away and say : " I can only despise you , if you hold I here against my will . " c.v. of erik as he realize that there be truth in she statement . the fear of lose she be as great as he love . he grovel at she foot and plead : " at the end of five day , you shall be free .... fear not . for he who worship you I as I do , also respect ! " int . erik' drawing room . christine sink back with a hopeless sigh and offer no resistance , when he tenderly pick she up in he arm . a lower shot ... amber . Erik take christine in he arm and carry she into she bedroom . int christine's bedroom . .. amber the room be dimly light and all that be see be the dim outline of a bed and a door . this be a extraordinary bed , a something dramatic , something that do not exist . Erik enter with christine and place she gently upon the bed . he stand for a instant in the doorway in silhouette and look at she , then exit and close the door . christine arise to a sit position . c.v. of christine . the reaction to she various emotion come over she . she burst into tear and bury she head in the silken pillow . ... fade out . the following morning fade in . ext . paris newspaper office " the epoque " this can easily be film on the Notre Dame street with appropriate sign and reveal a small crowd in costume of the time interested in a bulletin board . insert of bulletin board in christine daae opera singer disappear foul play suspected understudy to mlle carlotta fail to return after perform - ance last night . back to scene : as the crowd discuss the affair in awe and wonder -- at this juncture Simon buquet and florine join the crowd -- as Simon read the bulletin he feature convulse with grief and rage -- he start to tell the crowd what he know about it . ext rear of paris opera house a curious crowd be gather near the stage door keep check by a gendarme - in the crowd be raoul who wear a haunt look of anguish -- a employee come out of the stage door and speak to the gendarme , go back inside . - raoul crowd forward and make a anxious inquiry of the gendarme , who reply with a negative shake of the head ---- raoul sink back in gloom and disappointment . int reception room of the chateau do chagny there be a fussy type middle age man wait with a huge portfolio across he lap - he rise and bow as philippe de chagny enter and cross to he in cold dignify manner . semi c.v. in reception room as philippe very stiffly draw up a chair and take a pinch of snuff face the other inquiringly . M. cartier , the vicomte's attorney c.v. of cartier and philippe he smile a queer sort of a smile and he say look over the top of he nose glass : " the police be unable to find a clue to christine daae' whereabouts . you brother doe nothing but haunt the opera house . " back : philippe snort angrily as he answer : " I know all that ! but what have you do about raoul ? " back : the attorney swallow hard as he explain with a triumphant smile -- philippe listen with grow satisfaction , then spring up with a real sincere human smile -- to offer he hand to cartier and the other take it all swell up with pride -- at that instant both turn as -- longer shot in chateau live room the comtess enter and offer she hand to cartier . he carry it to he lip with a bow - she wonder what have be accomplish . semi c.v. of the three philippe with a great display of self satisfaction turn to hs wife and say : " my dear we shall yet save raoul from himself . M. cartier be arranging to have raoul transferred to the foreign legion ... in monaco . back : the comtess smile happily - it be easy to see that both philippe and he wife be do with sincerity what they think will be the best for raoul . fade out . int . erick music room amber erick be sit at the organ in half silhouette , play the organ . there must be something weird and wild in the picture . perhaps some of the object surround he can lend to the effect . int . christine's bedroom .... amber christine be calm , hypnotize by the powerful music she be hearing . she be marvel at the genius of this man and be touch by he music . it be the strangest most beautiful music she have ever heard . it be a symphony of love triumphant back : prizma - fascinate by the music , christine open the door and step out into the draw room . int . erick music room prizma mo . close up erick playing on the organ from he manuscript upon the organ side rack be another thick manuscript open . this be entitle " Don Juan triumphant " upon the organ be a violin . erick be seat upon a elevate bench so that when christine enter he will be about as high as she be . christine enter back of erick and stand spellbound in wonderment at the music and at the man 's genius . erick sense she presence there and play all the more wildly . c.v. of erick face ( masked ) prizma as he burst into a wild song and play furiously . c.v. of christine's face awed and hypnotize by the fury in the voice and the music . semi c.v. at the organ prizma . as erick suddenly stop sing and play and he swing to face she - he cry out in great rage and emotion . prizma curtain animated " now you know the temper of my jealousy for raoul do chagny . I could have kill he last night . " back : christine gasp in horror and recoil before the menace in erick 's every movement -- he follow she , back she in a corner , he chest heaving wildly . semi c.v. in corner as erick back christine against the wall and tower over she , he scream : " oh how I hate raoul . but he'll never have you christine **** not in this life ! " back : erick move closer to christine as if he be go to take she in he arm -- she throw up she hand to warn he off . this bring christine to herself . something have be reveal and it sha - dow the tone of the scene . up to this moment Chris - tine have be hypnotize by he music . the spell of the music now dispell and she begin to look at the man with curiosity and increase antagonism -- then as he horrid face come closer and closer , she suddenly seize the mask and tear it from he face -- then repell against the wall with a scream of terror and revulsion . facing christine be a death 's head that be alive with four black hole for its eye , nose and mouth , a skin pallid and yellow -- erick utter a terrible cry of grief , despair and rage , then tower over she , hiss word and curse upon she . close up of erick . amber he wag the terrible thing that be the head upon he shoulder and hiss incoherent curse at she . longer shot ... amber christine shrink from he and fall , upon she knee . erick follow she , tower over she and cry : " feast you eye , glut you soul on my curse ugliness ! " back : christine lift she arm and beg for mercy . he grab she and draw she to he , brutally , twist - face ing the dead finger in she hair . close up of christine amber his finger twist himself in she hair . she wildly begging for mercy . a longer shot ... amber holding she by the hair , and bend near to she , he hiss . " perhap you think that I have another mask ? well , tear it off as you did the other one . " back : he seize she by the hand and dig they into he awful face . he tear he flesh with she hand and cry : " know that I am built of death from head to foot .. that it be a corpse that love and adore you ! " back : christine be so horrify and aghast that , though she speak , she word be sob , heaving sob . erick release she and go down at she with he terrible contort with a hideous grin , then he stop , pull backward laugh wildly . her hair be lopsided and stream over she shoulder . torn by uncontrolled hysteria , tear , she raise to he appeal and make two step forward , upon she knee , begging forgiveness for the terrible thing she have do . he be tower over she with fold arm , he face slowly loose he hideous grin and mourn convulsively as the tragedy of he love come over he . then he sob piteously . " now that you know my hideousness , you would never come back , if I let you go free -- therefore I cry for you --- because you can never leave I again . " back : erick finish speech and stagger away off the scene -- christine simply collapse in a heap and sob out she anguish and despair . insert message fade out . at the end of five long day of hopeless search and growing despair . fade in live room of the chateau do chagny discover raoul seat before the fire place hold he head in he hand in the depth of despair - -- not far away sit he brother philippe , glower at he brother in contempt for he weak and silly infatuation . the door open and a servant with a message enter and carry it to raoul -- raoul take it without interest as the servant exit . then as raoul unfold and read the message he whole be be transfigure with a great joy - he leap to he foot and read the message again . go to masked ball at the opera tonight wear you favorite flower and as you love I * do not let you self be recognized . christine back : raoul turn to he brother and indicate in triumph that christine have be find . philippe gasp in dismay . semi c.v. at the door to the hall as the servant enter and usher in a soldier orderly , who cross the room . int chateau live room semi c.v. as the orderly cross to raoul , salute and hand he a army order . raoul be surprised -- he open it and gasp as he read -- then lowering the message he nod to the orderly who do a about face and exit . raoul crumple the message in he fist --- a look of intense anger spread over he face -- he stride over to he brother and face he in a fury -- raoul display the crumpled message and say : " this be some of you work . " back : philippe smile triumphantly with that sit - uation a attitude that register " well , what be you go to do about it ? " raoul continue to storm . " you think i'm go into the foreign legion * don 't you *** if I do , it will be in chain " back : as philippe gasp in alarm and horror -- raoul turn and exit . mo shot in the live room of the chateau . as raoul storm out of the room -- philippe be alarmed and call after he but raoul pay no heed , slamm the door after he . fade out . the gayest ... the noisiest , the most bohemian affair of the year ... the masked ball at the opera intimate shot of group . prizma this be some bohemian group to show the noise and gaiety . int grand staircase no 2 . prizma the grand staircase and the gallery above it present a gorgeous array of funny dress costume , silk and satin , all sort of picturesque and interesting creation . the staircase and gallery be so fill up with people that it be almost a jam -- although most of the people be costume , many be in evening dress and wear opera mask . it be a scene of noise , laughter and color , gaiety and emotion . on the leave side of the staircase , where it take a leave angle turn , raoul be walk . he be mask in evening dress and wear a black costume . christine be presumably on she way down the leave staircase . she be dress in modest evening dress and be mask . intimate shot of another group ... prizma a interesting noisy group . mo close up of raoul prizma he be look for anyone who might be christine . christine , mask , enter from the staircase behind he and touch he upon the arm . her motion be hurried and nervous . he turn upon she and she raise a warn - ing finger to she lip . he understand and follow she up the leave staircase . shoot against left staircase prizma raoul hurry through the crowd follow christine and they exit . the moment they be out of the picture all of the people begin to look in the direction of the right staircase . all gaiety and motion slowly die down . people crane they neck forward in a hushed way . int . grand staircase no 1 prizma this be a crop shot at the right staircase . the hush have extend to all the people in the scene . all motion have die out except at the entrance to the right of the staircase . there be a stir , a shrink away of the people , there . the Red death creep into the picture from the corridor . it be a man dress in all scarlet , with a huge hat and feather , on the top of a wonderful death 's head . from he shoulder hang a immense red velvet cloak , which trail along the floor like a King 's train . it be plainly to be see that the death 's head the man be wear be a mask . in all the phantom 's scene here , he be in sweeping graceful motion . a mo shot looking up right staircase . prizma the people on the staircase shrink back , horrify and leave a broad aisle for the figure which sweep down the step . shoot upon the phantom's back prizma on the back of he cloak be embroider in bold gold letter : do not touch I ! I am red death close up group on staircase .... prizma this be a long shot without a dome . the Red death sweep across the landing in the center of the staircase and a broad aisle be leave for he down the center of the main staircase . close shot croup on staircase prizma Men and woman shudder and shrink in disgust & horror . int . grand staircase prizma mo . close up CENTER door leading to landing the noise and the gaiety be at its height . a number of mask ballet girl be in evidence . florine enter from the center door . he be costume as a swash - buckle pirate , the terror of the spanish Main . we see he wear a broadsword and all the other finery . his mask have the habit of fall off . sometimes it be on he chin like a beard and at other time on he forehead . he enter swagger and he broad sword get mix up in he leg thereby attract attention . mo . close up of florine ... prizma as he untangle he broadsword he mask face fall off and he quietly fasten it on again . mo . close up CENTER door leading to landing of stair florine have not be quick enough with he mask how - ever . the ballet girl have recognize he . they all be friend of he and like teasing and play around with he . two of they take he , each by the arm and lightly kid with he for a instant , then lead he out to the leave . all the while florine be swash buckle , take joy in enact the role of a cut throat . mo close up of red death.. and shrinking people as the Red death come into scene . florine enter with a ballet girl . they call he attention to the Red death and he warning sign '' do not touch I . " they taunt he about he courage , he square he back and shoulder and stride over to the Red death . mo c.v. red death and florine as florine reach out to touch the Red death , a skeleton hand shoot out of a crimson sleeve , vio - lently seize the rash one 's wrist and he , feel furious gasp , cry out in pain and terror and be flung onto the crowd . mo c.v. in crowd as florine land on the floor - he pick himself up --- he dignity have suffer , he will have revenge --- he draw he sword and take off he mask challenge he to come out and fight like a man . he fight the air with he sword ... at that instant a man costume as a jester step up and tap florine 's shoulder . as florine turn , the jester take off he mask be - vealing the funeral face of the Persian , who in a hushed voice of horror indicate " do you know what this be ? " florine be very sober . he answer " no Sir . " the hushed voice tell he : " that be the opera ghost ! " back : florine stand perfectly still and he eye widen . florine give a low moan and swoon . all be excitement - some run out . the girl fan he with they skirt , smell salt be produce and they try to revive he . someone enter with a glass of water . mo close up of group and florine amber the glass of water be dash in he face . florine open he eye and shake he head to shake off the water . he look around the room . florine get to he foot , look quickly and tear out of the picture down the stair . int grand staircase # 1 prizma this be the same shot of the staircase . the crowd be gayer and noisier than before . there be a commotion at the upper leave hand entrance to the staircase . a aisle be make and florine run in flee for he life . when he reach the turn on the platform , he get he leg tangle up with he broadsword and he fall , but quickly regains he foot and dash down the stair . it be suggest that this scene be not under speed . about 12 . shoot into gallery ... prizma this be the first open on the leave of the second gallery . there in the gallery all be look down at the ghost . raoul , follow christine , pass through from leave to right . christine look down and see the ghost , then she clutches at raoul to keep he from look down on the staircase . they pass out to the right . shoot into gallery prizma this be the second open of the second gallery . the onlooker be motionless look down over the rail . raoul and christine enter from the Left . raoul 's curiosity overcome christine 's apprehension although she be pull at he sleeve . raoul lean over the rail and look down . christine be terrify that the phantom will recognize raoul with she . shoot against the grand stair case prizma the Red death have almost reach the foot of the front grand staircase , when , as if by magic , he suddenly turn and look upward . close up of red death looking upward prizma mo close up of raoul and christine prizma they be at the rail in the center open in the second gallery . christine see that the Red death have see she and raoul . her action show that there be fear and excitement . she clutches he by the sleeve and half drag he through the door in the rear which reveal a stairway go upward . grand staircase # 2 prizma the Red death be look upward . we now see he creep up the grand staircase , much more rapidly than he come down , the crowd parting before he , make a aisle . when he reach the landing he turn to the leave . shoot reverse down upon grand staircase prizma this show all eye look toward the leave staircase . there be a beginning of flutter relief and relax - ation . then the crowd begin to mix and the gaiety be resume . int first corridor amber this be a overhead corridor . a flight of stair in the f£.g. lead from below . in the b.g. be a single staircase lead upward . the entrance to the stair case be a high area , almost into the top of the ceiling so that the camera while take in the people look a long distance up the stair . if a person be come down this stair , they lower extremity would be see some time before the full figure . in the f.g. there be a door cover with a portierre . immediately beyond this portierre be a full size mirror . there be a door and number of other exit . raoul and christine enter from below . she have raoul by the arm and almost drag he along . raoul be extrapolate with she excitedly - he want to know what all the mad rush about be for . christine have the manner of a hunt person . hardly listen to raoul 's excited cry for a explanation she pause at the portierre and listen . mo close up christine and raoul amber she listen push aside the portierre and peer up the stair then she whisper : " he must have gone higher up . " back : raoul be baffle , amaze , impatient for a ex - planation . christine listen at the portierre , this time with sudden alarm . this time she speak directly at raoul . " he be coming down again . " back : she grab raoul 's arm and pull he up the step . int over head corridor # 2 amber a flight of stair lead into this from below and another flight lead upward . there be three or four exit in this set . christine and raoul enter from below . christine be still pull at he arm . he will go no further . he glance down the step that they have just mount . shoot down narrow stairway this be shoot in the corridor number one . the camera see a crimson cloak and a slipper foot disappear around the corner of the passage . sug - gest that the phantom have see raoul 's movement and be dodging out of sight . int . corridor # 2 amber mo close up raoul and christine so this be the sum of christine 's fear . this be a object for raoul 's anger . he move towards the stair with a purpose of provoking this phantom and lay hand upon he . christine be throw into near hysterics . she clutches at raoul 's arm . he now have one foot upon the stair . he be draw away from she and in so do he pull she to she knee . plead she cry at he . " don't don't don 't as I love you , raoul . it will mean you life and mine " back : raoul undergoe a complete transition . what she have say hit he violently and with great weight . he see she before he a helpless pathetic little figure . he feel the utmost pity and love for she . gently he take she by the elbow and lift she to she foot . she indicate to he weakly " come " a longer shot amber this time he follow she willingly and she hastily lead the way still upward . int garret set adjoining room roof blue this be a Ben carre set . it be light by bar of moonlight which penetrate through a overhead lattice . christine and raoul silently run through this set . ext at entrance on roof ... blue christine and raoul enter from garret set . christine be greatly relieved . she breathes in the freedom of the night air and as she remove she mask raoul remove he mask and she tell he : " below be he world above it our . " back : in a gray way raoul pause and press she for a explanation . she become at once tragic and appre - hensive . she indicate for he to come . he follow she out . ext roof at foot of apollo' lyre ... blue the light of Paris sparkle far below and black bird of ill omen fly through the sky . raoul and christine enter and sit down at the foot of Apollo 's lyre . semi close up of raoul and christine ... blue both indicate that they feel safe here . raoul face she questioningly . he be wait for she to answer the many doubt that trouble on he lip . she draw close to he , confident that he will believe he . she begin : " I will tell you everything raoul . pity I pray for I . " back : raoul gasp in amazement and suspicion and soften as she begin to cry gently . she continue : " when I first heard the violin and the beautiful voice in my dressing room I believed it to be the angel of music . " back : christine hesitates and look up at he for encouragement . raoul smile sympathetically at she . a longer shot blue directly above raoul and christine be the Red death clung to Apollo 's lyre , like a enormous bat , black bird fly by . close up of death' head mask blue death head be look down . semi close up of raoul and christine . christine gain the courage to continue . she say brokenly with great terror in she eye : " the night I disappeared I learn that he be a monster . " back : raoul gaze in horror . christine as she remember - then raoul put a arm about she to com - fort she and encourage she - she go on brokenly . fade out then christine related the experience with the hideous man of the opera cellar and raoul be spell bound . fade in semi close up of raoul and christine . raoul be aghast . christine 's tear have dry up . with horror she bring she narration to a close with the word : " for five day until this after noon I be held prisoner in he chamber of horror . " back : christine continue in the sense that she do not understand herself or she emotion . erick 's hold on she be a mystery to herself . " he fill I with horror yet I cannot hate he . " back : then in a hushed way as if she be hardly speak - ing to raoul she continue : " he made I promise that I would never forsake he . that I would always come back to he . " back : raoul be moody and depressed . he be keep he eye avert . where one might expect to see anger there be none . raoul be burn up inside with jealousy - guilty jealousy . christine have be so engross in she terrible story that she have not understand he attitude . she be shocked now as a understanding of raoul 's suspicion come to she . her lip tremble and she feel helpless and alone . she be almost at the point of tear . she try to get he eye but he avert they . she touch he upon the arm and speak with appeal : " raoul do you think that I am not a good woman ? do you not love I ? " back : this challenge startles raoul . he be ashamed of himself . he take both of she hand and speak with fervor : " I love you christine.. I want you to go away with I tonight where we can be married and enjoy our love . " back : the tremble vanish from she face and she eye twinkle laughingly and excitedly . she look up into he face and tell he appealingly : " take I with you sweet heart . tonight before it be too late . " back : raoul hold she in he arm impetuously and press he lip against hers . omitted a longer shot blue above the lover a figure of erick cling to the statue bend out towards they . it tower over they like a evil spirit . a longer shot raoul release christine from he passionate embrace then they exit in the direction from which they come . erick be out of sight but the moment they be out of scene , he crawl into view and like a monkey swiftly climb from the statue and exit in pursuit of the lover . long shot of the grand staircase suddenly the crowd of merry maker be throw into a minor panic by the sudden entrance of the body of military police . the sergeant lead they call for silence , and produce a official look document . semi close up of sergeant of military police behind he be the soldier with gun , he speak loudly refer to the document in he hand : " I have here a warrant for the arrest of capt . raoul do chagny , army deserter . everybody unmask . " back : the sergeant give a order to he soldier and they rush forward . mo shot of grand stair case . as soldier rush among the guest look for raoul , tear off the mask of that who do not hear he summon , every one be panic stricken . semi close up of sergeant of military police his back to camera . suddenly the Red death step into scene and touch he shoulder . the sergeant turn and stare in awe as he face Red death . the latter say bitterly : " if you'll follow I and ask no question i'll show you where to find raoul do chagny . " back : the sergeant smile with delight and indicate that he will . long shot grand stair case . the sergeant give a command and he soldier rejoin then all follow off scene after the Red death . quick fade out quick fade in int christine's dressing room christine be pack she effect and raoul help . he pause to put he arm about she and kiss she . int dressing room corridor as the Red death enter follow by the soldier . with a mock smile , the Red death point to christine 's room , then as the soldier move in that direction he laugh a fiendish laugh . int christine's dressing room raoul hold christine close to he and tell she of he love . then the door burst open and the soldier enter . raoul release christine who gasp in dismay . close up of sergeant of military police as he say gruffly " you be under arrest , capt chagny . " semi close up of sergeant of military police he say the end of line as raoul realize what it mean and he shoulder droop in hopelessness . christine cling to he in terror and beg to know what it mean . he comfort she and tell she : " some of my brother' do to separate US . he have I transferred to the foreign legion in morocco , I be to report today . " back : christine gasp in horror and anguish and start to cry . raoul pet she with tenderness . int . christine's dressing room the rough sergeant who have no sentiment tap raoul on the shoulder and indicate for he to come . raoul frown darkly then release christine and kissing she on the forehead gently disengaging she and move into the center of the military police . close up of christine as she sob bitterly . " I love you raoul . I will wait for you till eternity . " close up of raoul in the CENTER of military police he look towards christine with a happy smile and throw she a kiss . int christine's dressing room as the sergeant give a crisp military command and the military police march raoul away leave christine on she couch sobbing as if she heart would break . fade out fade in int corridor of cell of military prison discover raoul sit on a cot . he be in the depth of despondency and fill with all sort of worry and fear . outside he cell pace a guard . he fret over he hopeless position . then a guard arrive in the corridor outside with philippe and the latter be admit to raoul 's cell . the two brother face each other coldly then raoul arise and turn he back on he brother look out of the window of he cell . philippe 's face soften and turn he show he love he brother devotedly and be sincere in what he have do to thwart raoul 's love affair with christine . he pull a official document from he pocket and cough nervously say : " I have here the president's order for you release , provide you will report immediately for foreign service . " back : raoul do not turn -- he continue to stare out of the window . c.v. of raoul his back be to philippe - he be think hard and scheme . his eye light up as a plan enter he brain . int cell philippe get no reply , go up behind raoul and put he hand affectionately on raoul 's shoulder , plead for he to come to he sense and accept -- finally raoul straighten up and turn face he brother , say : " i'll accept on one condition *** that I may have a last farewell glimpse of christine . tonight at the opera you can go with I . " back : philippe gasp in dismay , and refuse , whereupon raoul shrug he shoulder and turn he back to gaze out of the window . philippe pause to think and he weaken then again put he hand on raoul affectionately he indicate that he will agree to raoul 's condition -- raoul show he gratitude , then follow after philippe who show the official order to the wait guard . fade out that night at EIGHT o'clock fade in ext paris opera house there be a drizzle rain - carriage be stop before the opera house to discharge opera patron . semi c.v. at the curb as a travel barouche drive up and stop and philippe and raoul emerge . raoul move to pay the driver and philippe hurry off scene to get to shelter . as raoul pay the driver , he whisper something to the driver and the latter nod he head - it be evident that raoul have plan something . raoul exit after philippe . int auditorium long shot from rear of the auditorium toward the stage the audience be be seat . back stage long shot ( a flash ) atmosphere shot of stage at work under Simon buquet 's order . int BOX corridor near raoul' BOX raoul and philippe follow a usher to scene from behind camera --- the usher open the door to box and philippe enter first . raoul quietly produce a note and some money - slip it to the usher and with he finger to he lip for caution exit into the box . the usher nod after raoul and exit through door to the stage . satisfaction . 383 . insert of message int raoul' BOX as philippe and raoul be seat . raoul be very nervous and excited and philippe watch he closely . int . christine's dressing room christine be nearly dress for the part of Mar - guerite , a may be assist she - - she be listless and sad because raoul be take from she . passage way back of mirror . the phantom be look into christine 's dress room through the trick mirror . christine can be see with she may dress she -- the phantom grin with suddenly christine and the may start and look toward the door , then the may exit from the scene . int . christine's room the may have the door open and receive from the usher raoul 's note - she close the door and carry the message to christine . c.v. of christine as she open the message and read it darling christine I am here tonight in BOX three be ready to leave as you be dressed at the final curtain . i'll be waiting at the stage door in a close barouche . I love you raoul . back : christine look up from she note with she face transfigure with joy - then she laugh from happiness the gloom have vanish from she face . passageway back of mirror as the phantom with a grave face see the effect of the note on christine , he suspect that it be from raoul and be furious - as he watch christine insert of note look about for a place to hide the note and he smile with satisfaction as he see she hide it in one of she slipper . which she shove under the couch int dressing room corridor amber close up call boy at christine's door he announce " first act " and exit . int . christine's dressing room as christine give she face a final powder and exit with she may . dressing room corridor as christine and may come out of dress room and move toward corridor . int . christine's dressing room the mirror begin to quiver and the reflection of the room dance about -- then the phantom appear as if through the mirror - - he look about and then move out of she mirror and go to the couch where he secure the note from raoul out of she slipper . he read it . insert few feet of raoul' note as in scene 383 back : the phantom look up with rage tremble he lip and hand , then he laugh in triumph and put - ting the note where he find it - he return to the mirror and vanish through it in the same mysterious manner . fade out to raoul it seem like hour of waiting yet it be only the second act fade in int . raoul be BOX as raoul watch with feverish anxiety - now and then bite he finger nail because he be so restless . philippe watch he closely and really sympathize with he . on back stage amber the curtain be up and the second act be in progress . it be the country fair scene . upon the stage be faust , mephistophele , wagner and he fellow student , seibel , soldier , maiden and matron . faust , meph - istopheles and seibel be wait to catch sight of marguerite as she return from church . in the wing be the scene shifter - ballet girl , and attendant of the opera . however , all this be only general back - ground , christine appear ready for she entrance . int . light control room amber upon the table be the night lunch of the light control man and a bottle of wine . the table be near a open door open into darkness . this light control man be read a newspaper . his assistant be busy at the switch . the foot of the prompter , sit in he box , can be see . the black cloak figure of erick move in , he back to the camera . he hover near over the table , for a instant he body screen what he be do . then , as silently he disappear , he back to the camera . the light control man look up from he paper as if he feel a draught . then he resume he read . stage from audience as christine make she entrance . int raoul' BOX as raoul sigh deeply at the sight of christine and lean forward watch she hungrily . philippe seem more human and sympathetic . mo . shot of stage amber the situation upon the stage be at the beginning of the duet between faust and marguerite , near the close of the second act . shoot thru wing to operatic action upon stage amber Simon enter and come to a sudden stop and tension as he look towards the footlight . close up of simon he be perplex - look at something try to figure it out . close up of prompter's BOX shoot from stage amber a peculiar , startle expression be upon the prompter 's face - he eye bulge . he be draw downward by a unseen hand . behind the scene amber mo close up of simon watch the disappearance of the prompter . he be excited . it be more work of the opera ghost . he run off excitedly to investigate . mo . close up of prompter's BOX from stage amber erick 's mask face appear for a instant in the prompter 's box , then it disappear . mo close up christine amber she have see erick and while she be strike in terror she try to keep up she part in the duet . long shot auditorium amber this be the longest shot that have be take without show the chandelier . the action on the stage be follow for a instant and then the house be plunge into darkness . this be hold for 20 foot so that the proper period of darkness can be time in the cut . the house be again illuminate and christine have disappear from the stage . all upon the stage be bewilder , confuse . int raoul' BOX amber this be a flash of raoul stare at the stage wild eye and bewilder -- philippe also stare to the stage . raoul turn to philippe and gasp in horror . " she' gone . " back : philippe as horrify as raoul nod in the affirmation . mo shot on the stage including chandelier amber the singer and cast be milling about in utter bewilderment . the musician be just as confuse , and the conductor signal for they to stop play . the curtain drop rapidly . int auditorium shoot from rear to stage . the audience be in the hubbub of excitement . int light control room amber the two light control man be doped . knocked out . one be over the table and the other have fall from he stool to the floor . the prompter be lie on the floor bound and gag , over he head be a black bag . Simon run in at high pitch of excitement . this be exactly what he have expect . he shake one of the light control man and then the other then he excitedly call for help and begin to unbind the prompter . a scene shifter and a fireman run in . Simon tell they excitedly with blood in he eye , that this be more of the ghost 's work . the gag be remove from the prompter 's mouth , the bewilder man begin to indicate that he see nothing but be just jerk down . mo long shot of stage and audience amber .... most of this in the orchestra and chorus be stand and the house be buzzing with excitement . the curtain pull back to one side and then the man play faust step forth - the audience be instantly hushed . semi c.v. of faust he hold up he hand for silence , then he say : " lady and gentlemen I do not wish to alarm you . but when the light be out christine daae disappeared . the police have be summoned and the opera will proceed with a understudy in her role . " back : the curtain be again pull back and faust back off . sing int raoul' BOX both raoul and philippe gaze in horror- then the two brother face each other -- in raoul 's eye a look of plead -- philippe suddenly extend he hand and with a sincere look say : " you can count on I raoul " back : raoul 's answer be a grateful look and a hearty clasp of he brother 's hand - then raoul arise and start out of the box . philippe follow . view of audience and stage the audience be in a hubbub of excitement - then the curtain rise again and a understudy start to the duet of faust --- the audience quiet down . int dressing room corridor from stage door . as raoul and philippe come out of box - as they come into f.g. raoul stop and grab philippe 's arm say : " get a couple of gun and come to christine's dressing room . i'll be there . " back : philippe nod agreement and exit back past box , toward rear of opera house , while raoul plunge on past camera . int first cellar discover Simon talk excitedly to he army of scene shifter and crew - indication be that he be stir they to a mob frenzy and they be all for he . int dressing room corridor amber attendant of the opera and a gather of ballet girl be discover excitedly discuss the mysterious happen . some be look into christine 's dress room with awed curiosity . raoul enter from the direction of the stage and erick ... like a madman hurry toward christine 's dress room . as he near the door that who be peer into the room fall back . a instant before raoul exit into the room the Persian enter to corridor from cellar . he catch sight of raoul and glide swiftly after he . int . christine's dressing room amber raoul enter and find the room empty . raoul be fill with oath and insult . he pound upon the mirror with he hand , as if he be challenging the phantom behind it . the Persian enter swiftly and close the door but do not lock it . from this moment the Persian take command . his movement be definite and direct . he indicate in a authoritative way for raoul to calm himself and tell he : " I can help you save christine daae from if you'll do exactly as I say . " back : the Persian face raoul in a manner deliberate and cold though not unfriendly -- raoul be dis - pleased by he interruption and he say angrily : " who be you and what do you know about erick ? " back : the Persian command raoul with he eye and there be a pause . he tell he coldly and without excitement : " I am the persian ... once he friend . you'll realize her danger when I tell you she' in the hand of a dangerous maniac who escaped from a paris asylum ! " back : raoul gasp in horror and alarm - he bid the other tell he more - he be impatient - the Persian continue : " erick be born in FRANCE ... such a hideous monstrosity that even he own mother couldn't bear he without a mask . " back : raoul be horrify yet fascinate - he beg the other to continue - the Persian do so . the Persian pause . raoul be fill with horror - the Persian continue : " during the second commune , he suddenly appear to join the paris revolutionists . he be the chief executioner of the nobility in the torture chamber under these very cellar . " raoul can stand no more - he fear for christine 's safety have become a frenzy - he plead for the Persian to help he do something - the Persian survey he calmly , then he drop to he knee and begin feel along the baseboard for the hide control of the trick mirror . int dressing room corridor as philippe enter from the stage , carry two large pistol - he pause then pass camera . int christine's dressing room amber the Persian be now stand upon a stool and be run he finger along the picture molding . he indicate to raoul that he have find what he be look for . he pull at the molding and a section of it come out , lever - like , revealing a steel draw bar behind it . the Persian jump from the stool , grasp raoul by the arm and move he to the position in front of the mirror . this shot be take as at a different angle than the mirror shot in which christine disappear so that the audience will be let in on the trick nature of the contrivance . the mirror open and raoul and the Persian pass through it - that instant philippe enter to catch a fleeting glimpse of raoul as he vanish through the mirror and it close after he -- he hurry forward in dismay and feel the glass . int corridor back of mirror ... faint GREEN raoul and the Persian be discover back of mirror . the Persian motion raoul to do exactly as he tell he . he pantomime to raoul to hold up he hand , raoul be mystify as to the reason for this but obey . the Persian tell raoul hurriedly : " I have be to this home on the lake before but not by this road ... and this be the only road tonight . " back : both man , hold up they right hand and hugging the wall , exit along erick 's trail . int christine's dressing room as philippe pound on the glass and call out raoul 's name . then hurry out of the dress room . int cellar the swinging bridge set faint GREEN the Persian and raoul hold they right hand pass over bridge into the same direction that erick carry christine . int christine's dressing room as philippe return with several ballet girl and several super of the opera . he explain in pantomime how raoul vanish through the mirror . the other stare at he in amazement -- they look at each other and grin . they think that he be crazy and exit . philippe stare after they angrily , then attack the mirror with the butt of he pistol . int roi do lahore set . faint GREEN two shadow be see on the wall where the shadow of Joseph buquet 's figure be see . it be raoul and the Persian approach from the right , hold up they hand . they enter and raoul follow the Persian to a little cupboard fastened to the wall . the cupboard contain a emergency outfit consist of a dark lantern , a hatchet , a ax , a see and a coil of rope . the cupboard door be remove by the Persian who take the lantern and light it . mo close up of raoul and the persian faint GREEN . the mystery be now upon raoul as it be upon christine . he would like to help but he sense he total helplessness . raoul drop he hand . the Persian turn on he and tell he in a startle way : " you hand up ! it be a matter of life or death ! " handschiegel a longer shot ... faint GREEN raoul be puzzle and sense he dependency . he raise he hand . the Persian move quickly follow by raoul to a pin rail in the leave b.g. with some effort the Persian twist one of this large pin . as he do a trap open in the floor in the identical spot where the body of Joseph buguet be find . the Persian and raoul go to the open trap and the Persian flash on the lantern and indicate for raoul to hold he by the wrist and drop he - raoul hold the Persian by the wrist and drop he - ( this scene will be more effective if play in semi-darkness ) int corridor looking at blank wall faint GREEN ( this blank wall can be double for another location ) this source of light here be the Persian 's lantern . couple of counter poise weight be hang from above . the Persian fall into the scene and light on he foot . raoul drop in after he . the Persian pull the counter - poise weight . int roi do lahore set faint GREEN . this be a flash of the trap close . int corridor looking at blank wall faint GREEN raoul and Persian exit - guide by the ray from the dark lantern . int christine's dressing room philippe have smashed the trick mirror revealing the secret passageway behind it - grip a gun in each hand and with a triumphant smile he step into the passageway and exit from sight . int cellar shoot against blank wall # 2 faint GREEN raoul and the Persian enter - they look off and stop - both transfix with terror - they flatten themselves against the wall as the Persian make he lantern dark . a fiery face - not more than three foot from the ground approach , a red handkerchief - process - be around the neck give the impression that it be a decapitate head . when the terrible face reach a point opposite raoul and the Persian it cry out at they : " don't move ... whatever you do ... i'm the rat catcher . let I pass with my rat . " back : the face exit . the light upon the face be cause by a dark lantern which the rat catcher hold turn upon himself . the Persian turn on he lantern and he and raoul exit , look back with terrify eye , they right hand up in the air . mo close up erick ( full figure ) and christine erick stand upon the step back of the couch - fold he arm - tower over she and address she : " you must now make you choice ! ... the wedding Mass or the requiem Mass ? " back : christine break into tear , repeat , " no ! no! no ! " her tear touch erick . he can not stand they . erick leave the step and go to the other side of side of the couch . another medium close up erick and christine . amber erick kneel and appeal to she : " don't cry ... it give I pain ! back : this cause christine to cry all the more - bitterly - then he tell she in a pathetic reason way : " I want to have a wife like everybody else and take her out on sundays . " back : christine cower away from he like a break spirite animal as far away as the couch will allow . his mood change again - he rise in a rage - he be infuriate at himself and he position . a longer shot ... amber : he beat he chest and cry at she : " I am sick and tire op live like a mountebank in a house with a false bottom . " back : erick continue to violently bemoan he fate and threaten christine . int last cellar faint GREEN this be a low massive chamber . it be almost at the bottom of the opera foundation , lead from it be a long narrow corridor , wide enough only for two man to walk abreast . this first shot do not reveal the narrow corridor . raoul and the Persian enter . the Persian stop and listen . raoul tiredly let down he right hand . in a startle way , the Persian grab raoul 's wrist and raise he right arm for he , with a certain horror in he look . " keep you hand up ! this be the only way to throw off the strangler' lasso . " back : raoul be henceforth careful to keep he hand raise . they exit . the Persian with increase caution . another shot ... revealing narrow corridor faint GREEN raoul and Persian enter - the Persian again stop and listen - then he whisper to raoul . " we be near he house now . " back : the Persian caution raoul to move quietly . they reach a point just inside the corridor . without any anticipation a trap give under they foot and they shoot downward out of the picture . the picture be hold on a instant and the trap close . int torture chamber . ... faint GREEN the source of light be the Persian 's lantern . in relation to erick 's live room this chamber be to the leave . it be a six - cornere room , the side of which be cover with mirror from top to bottom . the chamber be very high and the ceiling never see . in one corner be a iron tree with a iron branch . upon the branch be hang a strangler 's lasso . the multiple reflection of the tree give the effect of a forest , in the mirror . out of reach of anyone be the torture chamber and out of the picture in the right top wall be a aperture open into erick 's live room , a open through which a person in the live room can see into the torture chamber . Ben carre be work out the detail of this chamber . there be no effect of a reflect forest until erick turn on the overhead light . the dark lantern would not cause that multiple reflection . the Persian get to he foot , turn lantern to mirror and feel they . then examine iron tree and lasso - turn to raoul , recover from fall and say : " we have dropped into one of the torture chamber of the old commune . if erick discover US , may GOD have mercy on our soul ! " back : raoul 's reaction be horror . suddenly both man be startle and look up and to the right . they hear erick 's voice . raoul be throw into great terror and open he mouth to cry out but the Persian grab raoul and put he hand over raoul 's mouth . int erick live room ... amber c.v. christine stand upon second step of stair at back of couch lead to the screen which connect with torture chamber . this screen be conceal by a drape . it be of heavy material closely woven from wire and lock with a fancy weird sort of padlock . erick be stand below christine , erick be make love to she , in he way , and christine be flatten against the wall cry hysterically . erick be not touch she but close to and below she he tell she : " you shall be the happiest of women we will sing by ourselves until we swoon with delight . " back : christine shrink from he , shrink away from the idea , then she run down the step . another shot amber christine run to a position before the center pillar and sobbing , hide she face against the pillar . erick go to she dejectedly and appeal to she . " all that I have wanted be to be love for myself . " close up christine ... amber she be moan and cry . she wail , but not to erick . " I want to die !... I want to die ! " int . torture chamber . faint GREEN close up raoul and the persian raoul be in agony and struggle with the Persian who try to get it over to he that it will mean he death if they presence become know . the Persian now begin to feel the wall for the hide spring that will release they . int . erick live room ... amber ... mo . close up of erick and christine christine look up terribly startle at a resounding clang . erick too be startle into a dramatic tension . close of queer sounding device ... amber this be a weird , oriental , beautifully tool affair . there be three bar such as be use in chime . a arm about 18 inch long systematically strike the chime - all three at once . this sounding device be place in a prominent place in the room and continue strike regularly through the next number of scene . this be for the dramatic affect of its stop at the proper moment . close up christine and erick . amber erick , realize that opposition be now at hand and a satanic smile overspread he horrible face , mockingly he tell christine : " somebody be ringing ! we have caller ! " back : christine 's first reaction be one of relief . help be at hand . then almost instantly she be throw into anguish . her lip form the name " raoul " erick study she for a instant and then move out . swiftly . a longer shot ... amber the arm be rhythmically fall upon the chime . erick move to a beautiful throw hang over the back of a chair , sweep it off . swiftly he begin to bind christine to the center pillar . mo close up erick and christine ... amber she offer no resistance . the throw pass around christine 's waist and be tie on the side of the pillar opposite christine . erick tell she hurriedly : " forgive I ... this be to save you from harming yourself . " a long shot . amber the chime be sounding . erick now sweep from the room , leave by the door which lead to the lake . he close the door . lake set looking from erick room faint GREEN the boat be discover here . erick enter from he draw room . from a rack he take up a metal tube , the shape of a reed , about four foot long and less than half a inch in diameter . erick put one end of this tube in he mouth and swiftly walk down into the water . as he walk he go down and down until he head disappear and only the ripple cause by the end of the glide reed be see . this ripple move away with remarkable swiftness . the first lake set ... faint GREEN philippe be stand at the boat landing . he have find the way to the lake . he hold he lantern up and peer out into the darkness . philippe be stand - ing upon the board which have a connection with the chime . int torture chamber ... faint GREEN raoul and the Persian be listen to make sure that erick have go , then , before the Persian can stop he , raoul cry out " christine ! christine ! it be I , raoul ! " int erick live room ... amber close up christine lashed to the CENTER pillar christine hear raoul 's agonize cry , answer it and give away to fear for raoul . int torture chamber ... faint GREEN . raoul be cry out - wild inarticulate thing to christine - the Persian grasp he by the wrist and sternly indicate for he to keep quiet . the Persian address himself toward the overhead window : " we be in the torture chamber . the door be in the wall from which our voice come . " int rick's live room ... amber a shot of christine take in the drape at the head of the little stair behind the couch . christine hear this title and fire she gaze upon the drape . she cry out that she be bound and begin to struggle with she bond . int the first lake set ... faint GREEN this be medium closeup of philippe at the boat landing . philippe be kneel , hold up the lantern , peer into the darkness . he shout raoul 's name . unseen by philippe and directly in front of he there be a dis - turbance in the water . the reed-like tube glide in make a V -shape line of ripple . then erick 's long arm shoot out of the water and grasp philippe 's wrist of the hand that hold the lantern , and the scene be plunge into darkness . int . erick live room ... mo cu christine she have work around to the rear of the pillar within reach of the knot . she unloosen the knot sufficiently to allow she to slip under the throw which have hold she prisoner . longer shot amber christine fly across the room and run up the few step to the door to the torture chamber . close up christine before door ... amber christine part the drape and try to look through the heavy mesh , but evidently can see nothing . she shake the door and register that it be lock . she cry out in distress to the man in the torture chamber that the door be lock . int . torture chamber faint GREEN the Persian be listen to christine intently . at the same time he be force raoul to be quiet . the Persian tell christine : " the keys be in a chamois bag hanging near the entrance door . " int erick live room amber this be a shot take in the entrance door . christine be before the door to the torture chamber , and the sounding device rhythmically beat . christine run down the step and approach the entrance door , look for the chamois bag . this bag be not in plain view , so that she cannot locate it at a glance . close up sounding device . amber it continue to strike twice and stop . a longer shot amber . christine be look at the sounding device . with dread anticipation she sense that erick be return . she fly back to the center pillar and slip under the throw . she be now apparently in the position that erick leave she . from this moment christine begin to act a double role . she be now match she wit against erick 's ... above all thing she must keep raoul 's presence in the torture chamber from erick . the entrance door open and erick enter drip wet . he close the door go to christine and tell she sardonically : christine 's " my dear . it be raining cat and dog outside . " a longer shot amber christine be look at the sounding device with dread anticipation - it be still . her fear be just as apparent as she pretense . she do not fail to notice he wet clothes and the mystery behind he absence . erick now drop he sardonic mood which cause the last title . as he release she he tell she : " come I will play you our wedding Mass . you can take my word for it , it be mag * nificent . " back : from this point , erick seem to forget presence , so absorb be he in he new purpose . erick turn away from she toward the organ and christine register she involved complexity , fear that erick may discover she intention , eagerness to possess the chamois bag . a longer shot amber . erick sit down at the organ and begin to play seem almost wholly to have forget christine . she work she way toward the entrance door and when erick do glance she way , she pause and pretend that she be listen . close up christine at entrance door amber christine discover the chamois bag partly conceal behind a drape , up in a little recess . she be at a high tension , she give erick a frighten look , then snatch the little bag from its hide place . instantly she look back at erick in terror . a long shot amber erick have stop play and be look at christine in a attitude of alarm . he rise and swiftly stride to she . in a hysterical way she try to conceal the bag . mo close up christine & erick he cry at she in anger : " what have you do with my bag ? don't you know that be the bag of life and death ! " back : erick force the bag away from she and she give a cry of dismay . int torture chamber faint GREEN raoul and the Persian be listen at a great tension . raoul give a unexpected cry of rage - this startles the Persian , who indicate with certain horror , " he have hear you ! " int erick live room amber mo close up erick and christine erick be listen . he have hear raoul 's cry of rage . he now understand why christine want the key . he also know that only for raoul would christine do as she have . from this moment erick become cruel and christine combat he on the verge of hysterics . he ask she in a quiet but very dangerous manner : " did you hear , christine ? back : " no " she cry " no , I hear nothing . " erick tell she quietly but pointedly : " you be lying . " a longer shot erick move swiftly up the few step to the screen open . mo close up erick amber he brushes aside the drapery and disclose the window . but he do not so much as look through it . the screen be set back somewhat and there be a open space between the screen and the wall of the room . erick put he hand out of sight in this open and turn something . int torture chamber faint GREEN from semi-darkness the chamber be flood with a brilliant , dazzle light from overhead . under the overhead light the single iron tree be multiply into thousand of tree , into a forest . raoul 's reaction be astonishment , be - wilderment , the Persian 's horror - for he know what this mean . the torture have begin . the sudden flood of brilliant light cause they to blink . then raoul try to hide he eye from the brilliant , blind light . the Persian now realize the necessity of search for the secret spring which he know to be in the floor . excitedly he begin to feel over the floor with the tip of he finger , to feel the joint in the glass . raoul watch he in excited bewilderment . this be a short scene . int erick room amber erick be now come down the step lead to the screen open . christine sense that erick have put into effect some of he cruel mechanism . she be become frantic in she attempt to carry on she act . her composure be palpably nervous and force . erick pantomime for she to go up and look through the screen . she move mechanically up the step . her attitude be entirely false to he . in a mechanical way she part the drape conceal the open . a strong light be apparent back of screen . close up christine amber she peer through the screen . there be just the slight fleeting tremor about she eye . she turn to he with poorly affect surprise and tell he : " why ... there be no one there ! " a longer shot amber christine come down the step , try to affect a air of be nonchalant . erick step up to she and take she by the wrist , ask she : " not even the little chap you be go to run away with ? " mo close up erick and christine amber . he hold she with he hollow eye . the terrible realization come over she that erick know that raoul be in the torture chamber . in a helpless automatic way , know that he know she be lie . she repeat " no ! no ! nobody be there ! " int . torture chamber amber the heat in the chamber have now become intense . both man be perspire profusely . excitement approach panic be overtake the Persian as he continue he search for the secret spring . they be mop they face with they handker - chief . raoul tear off he collar and fling it from he . he want air . he begin to beat at the mirror with he fist and the Persian show he apprehension for raoul . he try to quiet raoul . int grand staircase # 2 amber the audience with hat and wrap be leave the theatre . the grand staircase be fill and the general tone be one of lightness and gaiety . ext in paris STREET blue ( in this scene begin the gather of the mob , it must not have the appearance of a open revolt against constitute authority . it be rather the quiet myster - ious gather of about five hundred man , under the very eye of the police . until they begin rush wild in the opera , they must do everything to con - ceal they design from the police . mob psychology be only suggest here and allow to grow to dramatic proportion later . ) this be a general view of the street . the street be wet . it have just stop raining . the street glisten from the light reflect on the pavement . only about half the mob be show here . the man be gather in small group , not more than ten in a group . the group be so place as to be near exit for a sudden disappearance effect . a nervous buzz of suppress excitement prevail . the center of the scene be a dark doorway around which the large group be gather . beside the door be a flight of step lead down into a dark cellar . stand beside this door be Simon with florine . mysterious package ( torch ) the content of which be not show to the audience , be pass out of the doorway and instantly secrete under the coat of the receiver . the mysterious package be be distribute among the other group , and in each case be instantly secrete . mo close up CENTER group blue a fanatical fire shine from Simon 's eye , as he direct the distribution of the mysterious package the package be pass out of the doorway . florine 's attention be concentrate upon a deaf man . he be shouting in the man 's ear , try to make he under - stand something . another shot blue this be shoot down the street upon the mob . in the £.g. be a cross-road . one of the mob be pickete on the corner to keep a eye out for the police . a gendarme approach upon the cross street . he will not be in a position to catch sight of the mob until he reach the corner . the picket spot he . close up flash of picket blue he put two finger in he mouth and whistle a warning signal . mo close up central group blue Simon and the other , except florine , who be yell at the deaf man , get the signal . shoot down STREET toward cross road blue the mob melt and disappear - vanish . the door through which the package be be pass close . this leave florine alone yell at the deaf man . the deaf man see and he too disappear . florine look around and find himself all alone . he run down into the cellar just as the gendarme round the corner and take a diagonal course across the street . florine fairly bounce , fly out of the cellar . the idea be that he have be confront by something terrible in the cellar - just as rapidly as he come out . the gendarme , however , do not see he and exit . the door open , Simon enter and the mob reappear , just as rapidly as it fade away . florine enter from the cellar , sort of creep up backwards look into the dark hole with fright . Simon give a order to move . he conceal a package and give it to florine . florine 's package stick up about a foot back of he head in plain sight . the mob move . int erick drawing room amber christine be in the position now that one false step will cause raoul 's death . if erick make love to she she cannot tell he flatly " no " therefore she continue she act , depend upon evasion . at the same time she be in tremble and fear for raoul . what be be do to he ? erick be frenzied and insistent . christine be hard press . he follow she into a corner and be tell she with frenzied pain : " I will kill everybody and myself if you do not consent to become my wife . " mo close up christine and erick amber christine plead with he , " do not talk like that . " then she run she hand across she brow and tell he evasively : " it's very hot in here . " back : erick laugh wildly - he know why it be so very hot . int torture chamber amber the two man be undergo terrible torture . they be almost burn up . they coat be off and they shirt have be tear open at the neck . they be drench with perspiration . raoul be be - come delirious . the Persian himself almost crazy and be mechanically search for the secret spring . if the forest from the reflect iron trap be see here , it be just as it be when first see . a terrible hallucination begin to overtake raoul and with startling eye he begin to crawl away from the section of mirror into which he be look . close up raoul amber with a expression of utmost fear and terror he shrink away - he cringe away from the terrifying product of he delirium . shoot into mirror 's red . the reflect forest have assume the aspect of a real tropical forest . a forest fire be raging and be be blow by a strong wind which be drive the animal of the forest about it , lion and tiger and any other animal that be available . close lion ... red it leap up to the immediate f.g. and roar , as if at raoul . close up raoul amber he give a cry of terror and of fear , as if he heart would break . a longer shot amber the Persian be startle at this cry and he eye follow the direction of raoul 's eye . but the forest be just as it be before , a reflection of the single iron tree . int . erick live room amber christine be frantic . she be listen to raoul 's agonize cry . she be beside herself . she moan and clutches at he cloak , cry , " what be you do to he ! what be you do to he ! " with a sweeping motion erick point to the screen open indicate , " go and see ! " christine run up the step - draw aside the drape and look through the screen . int torture chamber . amber flash close up of raoul in agony int . live room amber christine be look through the screen . she turn upon erick , madden . she run down the step to he . she first revile he - then hysterically appeal to he . he grasp she by the wrist with such unconscious force that it bring she to she knee . he cry at she : " tell I that you love I ! " con - close up flash of the two amber her first reaction be one of repulsion and anger . this almost instantly give way to the think of sacrifice - to sacrifice herself to save raoul . however , the scene be out before she come to any decision . int torture chamber amber the Persian be fight to keep away the delirium . he be more undecided now in he search for the secret spring . raoul have undergone a transition . close up raoul amber his face light up wildly - there be hope - " Water ? Water ! Water ! " shoot into section of mirror amber . the scene be change to a beautiful cool water fall in a shady forest . the water fall into a shady pool then run between grassy bank to the very floor of the torture chamber . raoul crawl into the picture . he bend over thirstily and just before he reach the Water , within six inch of the water , he be stop by the glass . he put he hand to he throat and begin to choke . ext . rear of opera blue ( the pavement and sidewalk be still glisten wet - for effect ) this be at the stage entrance . the action here be rapid and a atmosphere of silence prevail . Simon caution everyone to be quiet and not to talk . the travel barouche be the only vehicle in evidence . the mob have finish gather here , now five hund - dre strong . they be still in group , still con - cealing the mysterious package under they coat . mo close group around stage door 's blue Simon , at a high pitch of excitement , be ringing the night bell . florine be stand nearby with the ceal package stick up under the back of he coat it be evident that all in the picture be conceal something . the door be open from the inside by a night watchman carry a lantern . he be startle by the crowd before he , startle by they mysterious menace face . Simon give the word and although the night watchman try to close the door , the mob sweep past he carry he along with they . a longer shot blue the mob swarm into the stage door - a general movement . int on backstage amber the curtain be up upon a empty stage . a few dim work light be burn . about thirty man run in and all begin lighting torch , which throw a spec- tral glow over the stage . the torch light almost all together with a big flare . int first cellar amber the mob , lead by Simon - florine in evidence - all carry light torch - pour down the stair from the dress room corridor . some man run away from the camera through the arch , other into the leave hall exit . everything that can be use as a weapon , fireman 's axe , club , etc. , be pick up and carry along . Simon and florine be temporarily leave in this set . Simon be the general , give excited direction , and florine , too , be frighten and officious . int auditorium amber this be a long shot shoot toward the stage . in the distance the stage be fill with man with torch , all move - some in this direction , some in that . a glow be throw over the empty seat . suddenly six or eight torch and the arm that be hold they sweep into the f.g . int grand staircase # 4 amber the staircase be illuminate and empty , save for about four scrub woman who be wash it down , the mob who - some of they have light , torch , other not , flood in first from below and then from above . they circulate , excitedly and aimlessly . in the melee the scrub water be turn over and run down the staircase . int grand staircase # 2 amber this show the mob in the balcony - as well as on the staircase . int BOX five amber this be a safety scene . four or five of the mob be discover explore the box with torch . other be in the ante-room . one man lift a rug - another begin to tap the big pillar with a small iron bar . he suddenly cry out that it be hollow . he tap it and all listen to the hollow sound . one man with a fireman 's ax ruthlessly pries at a square ornament on the pillar . the ornament give way - revealing a passageway down through the pillar . they peer down . int erick live room amber erick be still in the midst of he terrible scene with christine . he be thunder at she . " tell I that you love I ! " christine be groggy - she have the intention of tell erick , " take I ! " but she emotion have exhaust she . she be almost out of she mind . her eye be wild and she sway groggily , stagger to the couch and sink down upon it . erick bend over she in a ecstasy . he bend within a short distance of she white face and tell she : " you be as beautiful as if you be dead ! " erick continue along the same line . int torture garden amber raoul be lie upon the floor , panting , exhaust , craze . the Persian , who himself be beginning to grow wild , be feel aimlessly about the floor for the hide spring . his finger touch something that give , a nail head , which slightly protrude above the floor ... which respond to he touch . in he semi-delirium , he cry out in exultation . int erick live room amber a shot include screen open . erick be bend over christine declaim , bemoan she beauty . this scene be instantly break when erick hear the Persian 's cry of exultation . he be throw out of he wild ecstatic mood and move swiftly up the step , draw back the drape and look through the screen open . int torture chamber amber the Persian be cry out in mad exultation that he have find it . - but raoul be too far go to hear he . the Persian take the nail head between he finger and pull it up about a inch . there be a instant of suspense in which nothing transpire . then a section of the floor about three by five , fall about two inch . - then slide away horizontally , and reveal a wooden stair lead downward . the Persian inhale the cool air from below , then drag raoul to the open . raoul drink of the cool air as if water . int erick live room erick looking thru open he be not the least perturb . he be amused . int cellar # 2 amber this be the dummy set . the mob , lead by Simon , be wave torch and explore , pull down dummy and explore dark recess . this be sort of a pro - perty room and member of the mob pick up spear , bludgeon , and executioner 's axe , which they brand - ish . mob psychology be beginning to manifest itself . the man stab the dummy with they spear , while florine be active in give direction . he be afraid and like a child keep near and cling to Simon . in the scene to follow he always manage to keep be - tween two strong man with bludgeon and spear . ( this cellar scene may be cut in at will , may be use as flash or in whole . ) int cellar # 3 amber this be the dragon set . the mob sweep in lead by Simon , and again all stage property in the nature of weapon be appropriate . it will be especially good if there be lot of spear . in pass the dragon florine cling very closely to Simon . there be a reason for not have florine point out here what he see in the dragon 's mouth . int cellar # 4 amber this be the headless statue set . the mob , lead by Simon sweep in , appropriate any property that be valuable and pass out down the stair lead to the roi de lahore set . florine be especially fearful of go down this stair . int cellar bridge set amber room . another portion of the mob , in which Simon and florine be absent , pass over the bridge , while other with torch , run over the bridge . int torture chamber amber the cool air have revive raoul and he sense have return to he . the Persian hold he dark lantern in he hand and be urging raoul to follow he down - ward . they exit down the step . the step lead downward go off in the direction of erick 's live int erick live room amber close up erick looking through screen he laugh like a demon - lend to the suggestion that what he have now prepare for they be worse than the torture chamber . int bottom cellar faint GREEN the source of light be from the torture chamber . the location of cellar be directly under erick 's live room . a set of wooden step lead up to a trap open in the floor of the live room . this be a very low cellar and enough barrel of all size be stack about to give the appearance of a big wine cellar . the ceiling of this cellar be necessary for the action . the Persian , carry he dark lantern , and raoul enter down the stairway lead from the torture chamber . they be look back apprehensively because a grate of heavy bar descend behind they , cut off they retreat to the torture chamber , and by no action of they own , while they be most die of thirst , they still be mystify at the great number of barrel . they run to the barrel and each kneel at the one he have choose . they kneel and begin to pull at the bung , long enough to take hold of and pull out . int erick live room amber erick be in the act of sweeping down the step from the screen open . in a sardonic , demoniacal manner he begin to sing : " barrel ! barrel ! any barrel to sell ? " back : this sing revive christine - she gather she scattered sense , and shrink from erick as if he be crazy . he stride up and down the room sing he strange song . int bottom cellar faint GREEN mo c.v. raoul & persian this strange song come directly from above they head divert they attention for a instant . they look upward with new dread then back to the bung . c.v. raoul kneeling before barrel faint GREEN raoul pull the bung , cup he hand to catch the precious water , but instead of a fluid run into he hand , it be fill with something that look like black sand . raoul look at it stupidly as it run through he finger . a longer shot faint GREEN the Persian pull the bung stopper of he barrel and the same black powder flow into he hand . he look at the material in horror , empty it out of he hand and remove the lantern to a safe distance . he then tell raoul with dread : " it be gunpowder ! " back : raoul be bewilder but the Persian fly into action . a longer shot faint GREEN the Persian run around the cellar experiment and examine it with he dark lantern . he be follow by raoul . they pause at the step which lead to erick 's voice above . they then go up the step as far as they can go and listen . int erick live room amber erick be stride down the room toward the camera sing in he demoniacal manner , " barrel , barrel any barrel to sell ? " christine have rise from the couch and be crouching against the wall . she believe erick have turn maniac . erick stop sing , turn and take a step toward she . there be a lightning transition in he manner . point at she , he hurl the final threat : " shall you be erick bride or not ? " back : he stride over to she without wait for she . mo close up erick and christine amber erick be become rapidly carry away by he own weird madness . still without wait for a reply from christine he pantomime something be blow up and continue : " if not , everybody will be dead and buried beneath the ruins of the paris grand opera . " int bottom cellar faint GREEN close up raoul & persian they lantern be upon the high step . the two man be listen , they ear be close against the trap . they turn horrify eye to each other . they understand that erick will ignite the ton of gunpowder . int erick be erick continue in he mad wild ecstasy . without wait for christine 's reply - he grab she by the wrist and drag she across the room to a Spanish chest on the leave . mo close up erick and christine amber from he chamois bag he take a key and unlock the chest . he open the chest revealing the follow contrivance : upon a piece of plate glass be two object - a grass hopper and a scorpion , both make of japanese bronze . from each of this object a rod run downward out of sight . come up through the glass be a liquid , watery light effect . come up through the glass be light . christine feel a unaccountable dread at the sight of the little bronze object . erick tell she : " if you turn the scorpion around it will mean that you have say ' yes ' the grasshopper will mean ' no ' ! " effect longer shot amber erick turn and walk wildly and rapidly toward the music room . upon the step lead to this room , he turn upon christine and in a demoniacal manner tell she : " be careful of the grasshopper . it hop ... and it hop jolly high " back : with this he swing into the music room , sit down at the organ and begin to play wildly , a skeleton go mad . christine stand in terror , fascinate by the scorpion and the grasshopper . int cellar # 5 amber this be roi de lahore set . the mob be sweeping down the circular staircase . florine very much frighten - be talk , tell where the body of buquet be hang and where he see the move - ment in the dark open - some of the mob run out toward the spot of the hang while other begin to break down the door in the dark open . Simon herd the man out toward the camera . this cellar scene be wild and rapid and be not hold up by individual , closeup , business , so that the will be the that of the menace sweeping downward like a great wave . close view christine bending over cabinet she put she hand toward one - then the other . which shall it be , the scorpion or the grasshopper ? which of this will mean life and which death . she sway . int bottom cellar faint GREEN raoul & persian raoul hear she call he , sense she agony , pound at the trap and cry : '' christine ! christine ! " int erick drawing room amber this be a long shot show erick play madly upon the organ and christine struggle with herself . close up christine amber . in almost out of she head , christine place she finger upon the scorpion . int bottom cellar faint GREEN close up raoul and the persian under trap a new think suddenly force itself upon the Persian and he cry upward with great force : " don't touch the scorpion ! " int erick drawing room amber c.v. christine as she jerk she hand away from the scorpion as if it have stung she . christine 's indecision and agony leave she . it be as if she mind suddenly clear . she become very calm . it be here that she make she she decision that she will become erick 's wife . she be the spirit of a nun take she final order that will forever remove she from society . with quiet delib - ration she turn toward erick . longer shot amber erick be play wildly upon the organ . but this be hold only for a few foot . erick sense the change of atmosphere , stop play , turn toward christine and rise . this place he at the top of the two step between the two room . christine walk toward he , quietly and with deliberation and pause at the bot - tom of the step . mo close up erick and christine amber christine gaze up at he earnestly and the picture be hold for a instant . erick realize that the final moment be at hand and there be a sense of terror in he manner . she ask he in a tremble voice : " do you swear to I that the scorpion be the one to turn ? " back : for the first time erick show fear . in a hushed way he answer she : " yes ... if you wish to be my bride " back : quietly she turn from he . close up christine amber without a instant 's hesitation , but with thorough consciousness of what she be do she turn the scorpion . a longer shot amber erick walk toward she - a man crush . christine in this instant have become he master . christine turn calmly to meet he . int bottom cellar faint GREEN a flash cu raoul & persian upon the step under the trap . they be look toward the cellar floor in fright . a longer shot faint GREEN a tremendous volume of water be rush into the cellar . to make this effective it must be arrange so that this cellar can be completely fill in twenty foot of film . as the water reach the barrel they float and spin around , but they float like fill barrel not like empty one . int on lake # 2 faint GREEN this be the lake shot outside of the door to erick 's draw room . the water be recede . this can be control by undercrank . the water should recede rapidly . int bottom cellar faint GREEN raoul and the Persian be hugging the trap . the water be within two foot of the ceiling . the barrel be float around , the rat be swim for point of safety . int erick drawing room cu erick & christine erick be stand before she tremble from head to foot . there be a resign serenity about christine . she have sacrifice herself to save raoul . int cellar cross sectional shot amber the three level be fill with the mob . torch be aflame . hundred of spear be in the air , until the mob look like a army of crusader . many jump from one level to another . other slide down pipe . the general effect be of a multitude pour downward . int . erick drawing room erick be discover as he be leave , cring before christine , afraid . she lay a hand upon he shoulder and remind he of that whose cry for help both can hear . like a dog , erick obey she . he throw back a rug , revealing a trap door . this he throw open . raoul and the Persian be discover , half drown in the water which have rise to within a few inch of the floor . the two man be so far go that they be in do condition to engage erick in battle . erick , aid by christine , drag both of the man out of the water . the trap be leave open . mo . close up of group amber raoul be still alive and conscious . he be save . christine be calm and very sad . erick step back and tell the two man : " I have save you to please my wife . " back : raoul 's eye , dread and question , be upon christine . very quietly and sadly , she indicate " yes , it be true . " slowly the arm of the sounding device rise , unseen by that in the picture and fall with a clang . all be check at this un - suspect interruption . the arm continue fall . int on lake # 1 amber the water have recede almost two foot . the action in this scene be swift . Simon and florine be stand on the spot where philippe be strangle . Simon be beckone the mob toward he . the first of the mob be run down a runway through a distant arch . Spears and weapon be flourishing , torch flaring . as the first of the mob reach the boat landing , the rest of the mob continue to bank up the background . a close shot of florine amber the mob be behind he and no one be pay the least attention to he . Simon be do all of the talk . florine indicate " follow I " florine plant the idea that he be go to jump into the water about three foot deep . florine jump and light stiff legge in the water about six inch deep . ( the audience will think that he be go right out of sight ) florine show quick surprise " this be easy . " he beckon to the other , " come in " - take a step and disappear , shoot straight out of sight . without any attempt to save himself . still no one pay any attention to he disappearance . the long shot amber the first of the mob wade into the water . they continue wading , shouting , wave they torch and spear , until the entire set , water and back of boat landing be fill . the mob be still pour in from the distant background . florine come up to the sur - face blunder and spitting water . he swim out of the little hole he have fall into and follow the other . int lake # 2 amber the mob be approach . hundred of torch appear . the mob do not move directly to erick 's door , but do some explore . erick swiftly enter from the door in the f.g. , run along the shelf , look at the mob and swiftly move back into the draw room . mo . close up florine amber he be somewhat apart from the other who be wading waist deep . florine be swim dog fashioned . a peculiar expression come over he face as he stop swim and feel under the water . then he stand up . the water be only to he knee . a longer shot amber a number or the mob catch sight of the door to erick 's live room . News of the discovery travel quickly and this be a general wild movement in that direction . int erick drawing room amber raoul and the Persian be still upon the floor , but be rapidly regain they strength . christine be in misery , half in tear , explain to he that someday he will understand . erick swiftly enter from christine 's bedroom carry a cloak . erick throw the cloak over she shoulder . he indicate for christine to come . she do not wish to but she be willing to live up to she promise . she allow erick to sweep she out of the room into he bedroom . this be all very flat . raoul be very weak but he will fight for christine . raoul stagger to he foot . int on lake # 2 amber the space around the door and the lake be fill with the mob . they begin to pound upon the door with they weapon . int . erick drawing room the Persian stagger to he foot and go toward the door of the lake . raoul drag himself towards erick 's bedroom . both man be very wear and weak . int erick bed chamber amber the action here be swift . erick jerk down one of the black velvet drape in the f.g. revealing a door and a staircase lead upwards . the drape that erick jerk partly fall obliquely across the coffin . the coffin be hide from the entrance view but not from the camera view . the moment the door be open , a draft come down the stair corridor and cause all of the drapery in the room to shimmer . erick softly lead christine up this stair close the door after he . raoul drag himself in and reel towards the door . int erick live room amber the Persian unlock the door lead to the lake . the mob lead by Simon , flood in and fill the room . the mob be wet . florine be still in evidence . the Persian indicate erick 's bed chamber . he and Simon and other run toward the chamber . int erick bedchamber amber raoul have open the door lead to the stair corridor , and all of the drapery be shimmer . he be look up the stair . Simon , the Persian and the other rush in . Simon excited see the coffin in only pass image . it be apparent the direction erick have fle . Simon give the Persian a order , Simon and about twenty other run up the stair , sweeping raoul along with they . the other all exit swiftly to the draw room , lead by the Persian . when the last man have leave the room florine enter . the coffin be not visible to he , while it be to the audience . florine be a forlorn figure . he call : " simon ! simon ! " back : the audience first see what be happen . there be a gust of wind from the corridor stair . it blow the drape which be lie obliquely over the coffin in such a manner that it look like a man 's head move behind it . florine now see this . but he be tired of be afraid . he pick up a club which one of the mob leave . he sneak up to the imaginary head , take aim and give it a terrible whollop . the blow reveal the coffin and knock it over . it reel over twice and come to rest face up . florine drop the club and tear out of the room . int erick drawing room amber the room be empty . florine tear in , run , look back at the coffin room . he pause on the very edge of the open trap . he stand , he back to the trap , look toward the coffin room as if he anticipate someone to come out and attack he . then he back , step over the miss trap , pay no attention to it . he back until he heel hit the first step of the entrance door . then he turn and fly for he life . int roi do lahore set ... amber this be play very swift and be make as short as possible . christine and erick enter through the dark open , the door to which have now be batter down , like two swiftly move shadow . erick sweep she along . they pass across the set and exit to the right . the set be light by torch of the approach mob . the moment that erick and christine be out , the mob enter from the leave , Simon and raoul in evidence , and exit on the run up the circular stair case . another section of the mob continue to enter thus make it impossible for erick to return . int cross sectional set ... amber this be show the Persian 's section of the mob run upwards . florine 's be about ten foot behind the rest - try to catch up . int headless statue set ... amber erick and christine come in from camera . erick take a step toward stair lead below . he hear the mob come up circular stair . sweep christine to the right . int dragon set amber erick sweep in with christine - come to a sudden stop look to the right . int dummy set amber erick affect a panic . he turn to retrace he step and again stop . a section of the mob run in from the right . they spot erick , and point , begin to run leave . int headless set . . . amber led by Simon , raoul in evidence , the mob surge up the circular staircase . Simon see erick out right and raise a great cry . he and the other run out to the right . int dragon set . . . amber a instant before the mob enter from right and leave . erick sweep christine through the mouth of the dragon and out of sight . the mob rush in from both direction . Simon yell some direction and run out the right with raoul and some other . that of the mob remain pull the dragon apart . ( it be build in two section ) revealing a close , bar door . they begin to batter down this door . rear of opera house the time be four o'clock . it be in the grey haze before sunrise . in the follow scene such street activity be show must conform with the hour . the coachman upon the travel barouche be asleep upon the driver 's seat . other than the coachman the street be desert . erick enter from the opera house , through hitherto non-conspicuous little door that bear evidence of little use . 572 573 he be hold christine by the arm . he give a swift glance around and swiftly move with christine toward the barouche . at this moment the mob begin pour in from the stage in the entrance . as the coach be the only object in the picture , it instantly attract they attention . they point . close up flash of simon and raoul he point , wildly excited and shout . the longer shot this shouting awaken the coachman . erick be in the act of help christine into the barouche . the mob be chase they . the coachman begin to remonstrate with erick . christine inside . erick slam the door . the mob be almost on they . erick jerk the coachman from the seat to the pavement , then spring into the coachman 's seat . a more intimate shot of erick lash the horse and of the barouche rake a sharp wheel . the long shot as the horse plunge forward , a number who have gain a hold on the horse and on the barouche be throw to the ground . other be knock down by the plunging horse . the barouche dis - appear - the mob , all the time grow larger in pursuit . as the member of the mob enter from the opera house , most of they throw away they torch and weapon accumulate in the opera . ext french STREET this be a run insert of erick lash the tear horse and of the mob in distant pursuit . shoot STREET intersection the horse run into the field of the camera and almost knock down people go to market with cart . erick try to take the turn . the barouche turn over and be drag a short distance . the mob be some distance behind . 575 576 578 579 580 582 ext paris STREET running shot of the mob Simon lead as they rush toward camera . STREET intersection . Erik be scramble out of the overturn barouche - as he start to help christine out , he turn and see the mob come . he flee up the street -- the mob rush in from behind camera in close pursuit . mo . close up at overturned barouche as christine still daze , climb out of the wreck - she look off scene in horror as she see : long shot up STREET the mob pursue erick overtake he - the pursuit halt as the mob close around he . mo c.v. of christine she cover she face with she hand and begin to sob . mo c.v. of mob in STREET the mob move back on all side revealing erick on the ground - dead . Simon cross himself and the mob remove they hat as they look on in awe . lap dissolve into : c.v. last page of M. faure' memoir ---- and thus end my investigation of the Opera ghost , a strange creature of flesh and blood with a warpe mind ; and in spite of he horrible crime I be move to pity he , for he know not what he do . M. faure . p.s. as for christine and raoul , the .... ext church at perros as the wedding procession of raoul and christine come out of the church door - close behind they be philippe and the comtess . of happiness kiss christine . it be a scene in the foreground , raoul stop to fade out . the end