the watermelon woman screenplay by Cheryl dunye draft 6.24.95 copyright '' 1994 by Cheryl dunye CUT to : 1 . black see be the follow quote : '' yistory be not linear , it 's strange , almost circular and thing make sense when they be suppose to make sense . '' - the watermelon woman ~ fade in : 2 . ext CITY street day video l.s. , people on city street . shot from the interior of a move car , we see in black and white people walk on a Center City street in Philadelphia . Heard be the voice of two woman , cheryl dunye and tamara evan , as they drive to videotape a wedding reception in swarthmore , a Philadelphia suburb . this drive pan be shot poetically ( slow motion ) and we notice the change from black to white people , more park , and bigger house as the landscape change from urban to suburban . the two woman be hear and never see : tamara ( v.0 . ) so this be we people , huh ? cheryl what ? tamara ( v.0 . ) . we people . I be tapirg we drive to the gig . where be it again ? cheryl . { v.0 . ) somewhere in swarthmore . tamara , why .are you taping now ? tamara ( v.0 . ) Cheryl , this image be hot . maybe errin and Wellington want some of this in the final tape of they wedding . you know some cultural commentary stuff . cheryl ; ( v.0 . ) girl , they do not want this in ' they wedding video . it 's a not a documentary . tamara . ; ( v.0 . ) I be still taping . we might need it for something . 2 . ext CITY street day video continued cheryl ( v.0 . ) do what you want tamara . just remember that one tape cost twenty buck . tamara ( v.0 . ) you just drive , Cheryl . it 's my camera , too . cheryl ( v.0 . ) ok . ok . ( pause ) tamara get a shot of that man over there . tamara ( v.0 . ) _ I think you ... never mind . 3 . ext garden wedding day video the image cut from black to image to black ... as the camera continue to record all way to the garden where the wedding reception occur . jazzy music be hear . camera steadycam through the garden to a group of guest stand with drink in they hand . CuT to : _camera locked wide . we see and a gather of people . cheryl dunye and tamara evan be see in . video walk past camera with video ( not camera or tripod ) equipment . both woman be '' black and in they late twenty and be lesbian . you can not tell this from the way they dress , but you can sense something different about they as they enter the half jewish , half Black ' wedding reception . tamara isa short stocky black woman , while Cheryl be slender and look like a young black boy . CUT to : Cheryl be hear off screen . and be behind the video camera videotape the wedding for the part- time video business she run with tamara . a little white girl 's face be see close - up in the camera ( hand hold ) . suddenly a little black girl 's hand appear and be see smack the Little White girl 's face . she begin to cry : . pemale voice . could ' you get a shot of she over there ? that 's the groom 's . mother . c™ 3 . ext garden wedding day video continued Cheryl quickly zip pan ( hand hold ) the camera focus from the ery Little White girl 's face , over to a over - weight black woman sit alone at a table sleep with she mouth wide open : cheryl ( 0.s. , to self ) I bet she will love see this . tamara be see carry a tripod while walk towards camera : tamara {to Cheryl ) this folk be truly bugge . camera pan and follow tamara to a table with wedding cake and food . tamara cram two hor dnoeuvre in she mouth . she turn and play with a flex - fill . camera go out of focus . CUT to : a family wedding portrait be try to be set up in front of flower / tree . Black and White people be see l.s. shuffle and shifting around . tamara be see in front of the people direct they to position . Cheryl be hear 0.s. : tamara now could everyone be still for just 3 minute . tamara walk towards camera make face : tamara hey Cheryl , would you look at the nut in the back . camera focus on back row revealing a jewish man with eye close rub he yarmulke all over he head . a black male guest in the back row notice Cheryl 's taping of the jewish man : black male guest . . say , why do we have to be still ? be not this a video ? cheryl ( 0.8 . ) - yes , but we be use the video to make some still : photo for you . ( pause ) now where . be the bride and groom ? . 3 . ext garden wedding day video continued camera pan to a white woman bride and a black male GROOM who be kissing . they notice the camera , smile , and join the family video / photo . the family look at they silently as they walk to they position . a older white woman in the front row shake she head at the bride and groom . the jewish side of the family stand on one side and the Black family stand on the other . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) how ' bout you folk mixing family for this photo . it look like you be gather for a lynching . everyone be silent and look at cheryl ( camera ) angrily . a fat white man , 40 - year - old , walk right in front of the camera . he appear to be the wedding photographer and carry photography equipment . he be sweat : ce fat white man look great ... but could you two man in the back switch place ? Cheryl walk from behind camera brush against it cause the image to shift . Cheryl be see partially in frame as she talk to the fat White man : cheryl ( o.s. , angrily ) Excuse I ... sir , but we be work with the family now . fat white man oh ... cheryl . ( 0.8 . ) if you want to take a picture , wait you turn . the white girl and black girl stand in front row fight and switch place . . cheryl . ( 0.8 . ) now do not move ... anyone ... and smile . CUT to : 4 . exd garden wedding day film we see in 16 mm ls pan , the aftermath of . the wedding reception . two people be fold table and chair . tamara and Cheryl be pack equipment . . 4 . ext garden wedding day film continued mrs . goldwin , the 50 + , mother - of - the-bride walk up to the two carry a envelope . she be wear a matronly , powder blue expensive dress : mrs . goldwin Excuse I ? cheryl yes Mrs. goldwin ? M.S. of Cheryl . Cheryl walk over to Mrs. goldwin : mrs . goldwin _ here be the deposit money ... for you work ; half now and half when we see the tape . c.u. of tamara . tamara stop she work and walk over to the two woman . tamara errin say we would get 60 % now . c.u. of Mrs. goldwin . Mrs. goldwin stand look at tamara and Cheryl with a stern look on she face : mrs . goldwin errin might be you friend but we be pay for the video . I do not know why she want a video of this in the first place . c.u. two shot of tamara and Cheryl favor tamara . tamara fold she arm angrily and look away . cheryl that 's fine Mrs. goldwin . it will be ready by the end of the month . we be pretty book up with ton of wedding right now but we will get it do asap . Cheryl smile at Mrs. goldwin . c.u. of Mrs. goldwin . Mrs. goldwin give Cheryl a half smile in return . CUT to : M.S. of tamara and Cheryl be see . tamara open the envelope . tamara great...cash ... I love I some cash . 4 . ext garden wedding day film continued cheryl let I see that . c.u. of Cheryl . Cheryl take envelope and count cash : cheryl I wish she give we a check ... but cash will do . Cheryl hand tamara less than half the money and put envelope in she pocket . tamara count she money as Cheryl continue to move the equipment : cheryl be it ok for I to use the camera this weekend ? I want to start work on my project . ~ c.u. of tamara . . tamara count she money half ignore Cheryl : tamara you know you supposedly have be use the camera for the last 3 weekend to work on you project and have not shot a damn thing yet , ( pause ) ... hey my cut be $ 50 short . m.s.of tamara and Cheryl favor Cheryl . Cheryl pick up camera and pat it : cheryl time to make payment on we ticket to Hollywood remember ? tamara look at Cheryl expressionless and coldly . cheryl you remember what Rose and guin say in the go Fish book ...' if you want to make a film , you have get to make sacrifice all of the time . ' : Cheryl pick up other bag and walk towards street and out of frame . tamara look at Cheryl oddly and pick up other equipment : tamara maybe you want to . sacrifice for you quote unquote future but I be hope to spend it with the love of my love life . ( pause ) Stacey want I to take she out this weekend and I need the cash money ... l.s. of tamara and Cheryl . tamara and Cheryl walk away from camera argue about the money . CUT to : 5 int cheryl 's apt . same day film Cheryl 's voice be hear over black as she open and shut the door to she apartment . she sing a olivia Newton - John tune off beat : cheryl ( sing of beat ) '' ... suddenly , the wheel be in motion and i~i - I - I , I be ready to sail any ocean ... " M.S. of Cheryl . Cheryl turn the light on and walk into she apartment . she be see walk through a funky / antique type of apartment . a few papers and clothing be scattered on the floor . she take she jacket off , put down she video equipment , and continue to sing : cheryl " , ... suddenly , I do not need the answer ... " camera follow Cheryl as she walk to a table in front of a mirror . on the table be a flash answer machine . she press the play button , look in the mirror and continue to sing : cheryl " ... I be ready to take all my chance with you ... " a voice be hear on the machine . it 's a man , bob , Cheryl 's boss : bob 's voice Cheryl , this be Bob , ... you boss . ( pause ) I be wonder if you _ could work tonight . jamal just quit ... I mean just quit . ( pause ) anyway give a call if you can work . and if you see tamara , tell she to call the store ( beep ) . as the answer machine play , Cheryl bend down , open she equipment bag and pull out two video tape . e.c.u. of Cheryl 's hand hold video tape . on the cover of the tape box we see a picture of two woman from a 1930 's filn . c.u. of Cheryl . : Cheryl look at the box and then at the machine which begin to play another message . it 's Bob again : bob 's voice Cheryl , it 's Bob again . do you happen to see the new tape that come in , the collection of Hollywood woman director ? do they even come in yet ? give I a call please ( beep ) . 5 . int cheryl 's apt . same day film continued Cheryl smile at the tape box on answer machine table and look in the mirror . Cheryl continue to sing : cheryl " , .. I be ready to take all my chance with y-y - you . " Cheryl walk out of frame . CUT to : 6 . int cheryl 's apt . day video shot off tv . we see in video Cheryl 's tv which play a film clip ( super 8 ) from the 1937 film " Plantation memories " . see be a white woman in a early 19th century american dress stand in a field look puzzle and emotional . in the background a plantation style house be see . we hear dramatic music as the White woman start to cry . running | towards she from the ~~ plantation house be a black woman in a tatter house slave ' 8 dress with she hair tie in a bandanna . the Black woman rush to the side of the White woman and stand look at she . Cheryl be hear 0.8. sighing loudly over the dramatic music . the Black woman begin to cry and pull a handkerchief from the apron she wear and , ignore she own tear , wipe the face of the White woman . the Black woman then put she arm around the White woman comforting she : black woman do not ery none missy , Mr. Charles be come back for sure . I know he be . Cheryl sigh loudly again . white woman be he really elsie ? black woman yes miss Barbara , he be . I pray to God all night and this morning he little angel don’ tole I . he be comin’ back ... ¢omin’ back to you . dramatic music be hear as the. camera pull focus on the face of ' the black woman . music be still hear as the screen fade to black . CUT to ; 7 . int cheryl 's apt . a bit later nideo Cheryl be see in shoulder - up in front of wall cover with melange of old film poster from the 1930' , 1940 's and 1950' . Cheryl hold a video tape box from the film " Plantation memories . " cheryl the '' watermelon woman '' ( pause ) . that 's the only credit give to she , the actress who play elsie ..' elsie ’.. ( shake head ) ... be not she the most beautiful black woman you have ever see ?... I can not begin to find the word to describe how upset I be about see she in this film ... you should have see the rest of the movie , she be in a total of ten scene or so and all she do be whine and give service and make people laugh .... I can not believe it ... a woman so lovely make to be a may . it 's just not right ... that 's why I be sit here talk about it ' cause it 's so wrong . I guess what I be really do be make a video about it ... I mean she ... elsie , the ... watermelon woman . ( pause ; Cheryl show box to camera ) I be go to read you some of the film 's description as state on the back of this box ... ( read from box ) '' woman film ( look into camera ) , the distributor of this collection ... nlook back at box ) be proud to present to you a first in a series of film direct by woman work in the Golden Age of Hollywood . director martha page , ..blah - blah - blah ... here ... the support cast include mild mallory , Bobby Bell and the watermelon woman . ( pause , look into camera ) '' the watermelon woman , '' be it she first and last name or just first name ... ( pause ) why would a black woman play a mammie and go by the name the watermelon woman ? CUT to : see be a c.u. of tv which hold a freeze image of elsie - the watermelon woman 's face in a dramatic pose . Cheryl be hear in voice over : cheryl { vv 0 ) so tonight , after screen this video , I have decide to find out as much as I can about this beauty ... I mean look at she . ( pause ) ) something be really wrong if someone so fine get remember by the name the watermelon woman . ( pause ) there be something in she eye that 's call to I ... something say ' look at I and know who I be .' ( pause ) she 's the real star here and what you be go to see be my movie about she life . 10 CUT to : 8 . int video store day film see in l.s. be tamara place videotape on a rack by the front door of the video store where she and Cheryl both work when they be not try to make it as wanna - be Hollywood filmmaker . camera focus on Cheryl as she enter the store , late for work . she open the door rush past tamara : cheryl hey hey tamara . be Bob here ? camera pan to tamara who look at she smile . camera follow the two woman in a long take . tamara ( follow Cheryl ) late again . you know you should answer the phone sometimes . I call to tell you that Bob be come in early . ( pause ) or be you at that cafe again try to cruise '' the cute one '' ? camera dolly to follow the two woman and move to a M.S. cheryl ( walk behind counter ) no I be home . I be work on something more important than this place . do that special order tape come in yet ? tamara ( pause , ignore Cheryl 's question ) you do not have to work here , Cheryl . I be sorry I get you the damn job in the first place . . cheryl that be two year ago , tamara . it 's time for I to move on , I want to be ... I be a filmmaker , you know . tamara make a face . cheryl do that tape come in ? tamara 7 . yes , you obscure film have arrive . they be in you box . I : hope .... ( pick up paper and read from it ) .. '' Mike 0 ' Reilly '' ... like old film as much as - you do . ( pause ) that stuff be so boring , I can not believe you be waste the tape scam to order they ... I can barely stand the boring stuff Hollywood put " out now but the old one really suck ... especially the nigger - oo mammie shit from the 30' . 11 8 . int video store day film continued . cheryl I be do research on they . I think I have find something , too . tamara yawn . Cheryl roll she eye at tamara . CUT to : see be a M.S. of tamara ( in foreground ) as she stand at counter enter a stack of return tape into the computer . Cheryl be see ( in background ) open the envelope of video : cheryl ( open package ) yes ! yes ! Cheryl run to tamara who stand at the counter : cheryl ( excited ) . look what arrive tamara . tamara what ? cheryl a film with the watermelon woman in it . tamara shake head . tamara bore , boring . ( pause ) all you do now since . you do not have a girlfriend be watch boring old film . cheryl ( hurt ) I would rather watch boring old film when I be lonely and horny than . watch black porn like you . tamara make a embarrassed face and walk over to the phone even though it be not ringing . c.u. of tamara hold phone in hand : . tamara ‘ok . gono 's further . let 's not get into my personal shit here . I be only kid . tamara turn to shelf of tape and begin to fidget with they . 12 8 . int video store day ilm continued . tamara '' what be you do tonight be what I mean to ask . back to c.u. of Cheryl at counter : cheryl ( coldly ) watch this . Cheryl put down tape and pin on she name tag . back to c.u. of tamara : tamara want to go out with Stacey and I instead ? back to c.u. of Cheryl : cheryl alone ? with a 4 month old lesbian relationship ? you have get to be kid . M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . tamara stand look at Cheryl . Cheryl walk back to employee area and put the video in she backpack . tamara : actually , Stacey 's friend from college be in town . cheryl ( blankly ) . not another blind date ? remember the last girl you try to set I up with ?! -l.s. of tamara and Cheryl behind counter . customer walk to counter . back to M. S. of Cheryl and tamara at counter . tamara look over at customer : tamara I have apologize for that a million and one time , Cheryl . I do not know she be spiritual . ( gesture to counter ) it 's you turn to wait on a customer . : M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . 13 8 . int video store day film continued cheryl spiritual !? heavy afrofemcentric be what you call it and do not tell I that you could not tell sister yafumila if4 in - ze - lay be not a spiritual name ? ( gesture to counter ) I have not clocked in yet . will you wait on they ? tamara make face and walk to customer at counter . Cheryl watch tamara shaking head . CUT to : 9 . int lesbian bar / karaoke night l.s. , High angle of room to M.S. camera pan across a lesbian bar . it 's karaoke night and woman stand / sit look at a middle aged white woman sing , ( '' ) out of tune . the camera 's~ pan stop _ and focus to a M.S. of tamara , stacey , Cheryl and yvette who ~ be see seat watch the karaoke . Stacey be a attractive smart look twentystomething black woman who be act all lovey - kissy with tamara . yvette be a attractive twentystomething black woman too , but be crazy look and a bit off . Cheryl nervously sip she beer . yvette look at the karaoke song sheet : yvette they do not even have ' that 's the Way of the World ' by parliament . : stacey and tamara it 's by Earth wind and Fire . yvette '' on . cheryl let I take a look . at that song sheet . c.u. of yvette and Cheryl . Cheryl look at sheet with yvette . cheryl they have ' always and forever 's though . c.u. of yvette and Cheryl . - yvette stop look at the sheet and look at Cheryl dreamy eye . cu of tamara and Stacey . — . tamara and Stacey look at yvette and Cheryl , look at each other and smile . Stacey give tamara a " thumb up " of approval . tamara smile and look at Cheryl : 6 14 9 . int lesbian bar / karaoke night film continued tamara be you go to sing it for we Cheryl ? back to c.u. of yvette and Cheryl . cheryl ( laugh ) after you sing ' stairway to Heaven ' with that woman who just sing . M.S. of tamara , Stacey , yvette and Cheryl , laugh . camera pan from tamara , Stacey , yvette and Cheryl to crowd in bar as they laugh and clap then pan to the middle age white woman who finish song and take a bow . . back to M. S of yvette and Cheryl . a cute girl bump into Cheryl 's chair . Cheryl turn and smile at she . yvette notice Cheryl and cute girl eyeing each other . yvette look jealously at Cheryl . c.u. of yvette . yvette stand up abruptly . yvette I think it 's time for I to sing '' my '' song . back to M.S. of tamara , Stacey and Cheryl . Group turn and look at yvette who now stand fix she hair . stacey ° what song ? ( shaking head ) not that one you try to ... I mean ... sing back in college . yvette : right . the one I sing for the spike Lee audition at the Black Deb Ball ... tell they Stacey . tell they that I almost get the part . back to M.S. of tamara , Stacey and Cheryl . stacey ( shaking head ) part ? be you sure ... I mean be you sure you want they to know the story ? camera pan to c.u. of yvette. : yvette stand confident and blink she eye like a crazy person : yvette . why not ? I ama singer , right . tell they I be a singer . 15 9 . int lesbian bar / karaoke night film continued l.s. of tamara , Stacey , yvette , and Cheryl . camera pan follow yvette as she walk to stage . M.S. of tamara , Stacey and Cheryl . tamara sip drink , Cheryl light a cigarette and Stacey shake she head : stacey this be so wrong ... she can not sing a damn bit . cheryl ( exhaling ) what 's this about a spike Lee audition ? tamara if she can not sing she 's go to look real dumb . no black girl get up unless she be for real , if you know what I mean , — like - sing in choir or for a live . she must be stupid or crazy to go up to that stage . cheryl what 's this Black Deb party ? ( beat ) what song be it ? Cheryl look at song sheet try to figure out . which song yvette will sing . tamara laugh and rub Stacey 's back as Stacey nervously take a gulp of she drink . stacey '' let I tell you guy the story . during we freshman year it be rumor that spike Lee be on campus recruiting folk for he film on black school . what be that film call again ...? cheryl School doze ... I mean daze. ( pause ) not one of my favorite spike film . stacey . ... anyway , we little Black group decide to have a party hope - that he would come and discover we ... M.S. of tamara , Stacey and Cheryl . cheryl and ...? tamara and be right . I never hear this one before . 16 . 9 . int lesbian bar / karaoke night film continued stacey -+- and the party be fun and all . you know the type of party akaish ... $ 5 buck and a dj , food and drink . anyway yvette show up late in this tight ass and I mean tight ass outfit cover with red polka dot and ... tamara ( laugh ) outfiti ? cheryl polka dot ?! stacey ( shake head ) ~ --- spike be not even at the party and it still be a mess . she force the dj to turn off the music right in the middle of a jam ( beat ) then she start to sing ( beat ) well you know black folk ( beat ) . they start to get upset . tamara and Cheryl look at each other . tamara and cheryl and ?! stacey +-+ and this one boy throw a drink at she ( beat ) . it be the first time I would see yvette go off like that . she put the boy in the hospital . I have never see she act that way , before . I know she have problem but this be something deep .... very real emotional ... it be the beginning of what we ail call '' yvette 's real emotional '' period . M.S. of yvette and mc . yvette and mc be see stand on stage : mc next up lady be yvette who be go to sing ( .0 . ) . back to M.S. of tamara , Stacey and Cheryl . ' Stacey , Cheryl , tamara all look at yvette with they mouth open . back to M.S. of tamara , Stacey and Cheryl . cheryl a real emotional period , ' huh ? tamara she 's cute though Cheryl . do not forget that . 17 9 . int lesbian bar / karaoke niget film continued / cheryl great . why do not you say something before tamara ? I be not that desperate . stacey she like you Cheryl . she think you cute . cheryl great . back to M.S. of yvette and mc . yvette grab the mike from the mc 's hand and walk to center stage . she look a bit trance , like a drugge out rock and roll singer : . yvette I would like to dedicate this one to my friend Stacey and tamara and ... " Cheryl . " back to M.S. of tamara , Stacey and Cheryl . Cheryl guip the last of she drink and embarrassed . not know what to do and not want everyone to look at she , she nod at yvette . c.u. of yvette . yvette begin to sing and sound good at first then bad , real back to M.S. of tamara , Stacey . and Cheryl . Stacey , tamara and Cheryl watch yvette . a older black woman from the table next to Cheryl make . a cringe face and laugh . Cheryl turn and smile at the older Black woman : black 's woman she 's worse than that white lady . cheryl yeah . ( pause ) she be . CUT to : 10 . ext CITY STREET . day video tape in video , Cheryl be see M.S. stand on a city street in front of a movie theater . she stand next to a attractive black man . . cheryl ' , of ok tell I , do you know who the " watermelon woman " be ? 18 10 . ext CITY STREET day video continued attractive black man yes . she 's the woman who originate what we call the aunt jemima . like on the syrup bottle . cheryl ( flat ) thank you . CUT to : 11 . bit CITY STREET day Cheryl be see in M.S. on a city street stand next to a early twentystomething black woman , attractively hip . cheryl for $ 50 dollar , " who be the watermelon woman ? " black woman from , the sound of she name she must have be in early Hollywood cinema . Cheryl look into camera then look at the woman surprised . the woman smile confidently at Cheryl . Cheryl smile back . cheryl you 's re. good . black woman I overhear you talk with that man cheryl ' oh . — black woman do I still get the money ? 12 . int cheril 's apt . : day . , a video Cheryl be see shoulder up in front of wall cover with black film poster from the 1930 ' ~ 1940' . cheryl _ for some strange reason I call my mother up ask she if she ' know anything ' about the " watermelon woman " . ( beat ) and you . know mother , they want to be helpful , especially when it come to anything that they - little girl be work on . ( beat ) . my mother be a big fan of any film with black people in it . 19 12 . int cheryl 's apt . day . medeo continued cheryl Black cast , black coon , black anything . back in the day she go to see they all and have ton of momento which when I be a kid I call junk . junk be my childhood term for the ton and ton of box she have in various room of the house ... CUT to : 13 . int mom' house day video video . in l.s. camera pan the room of Cheryl 's mother 's house revealing box and pile of miscellaneous thing . Cheryl continue in voice over ( V. 0 . ) . { softly hear be upbeat jazz from the 1930 's which play throughout this entire basement scene ) cheryl ( v.0 . ) --- I be very serious . if a fire be to hit the place , it would go up , just like lighten . and the basement ... cur to : 44 , int mom' basement a bit later video in M.S. camera slowly pan the pile of box of junk in Cheryl 's Mom 's basement . cheryl ( v.0 . ) . ++ ethere must be a million of pile of the stuff . Old clothing , costume ' from when I - be in dance school , : my bionic woman project , stuff from the home of hoth she dead brother and mother , my dead father 's possession and my brother 's Star Trek shit --- all in box . cur to : _ M.S. of Cheryl . locked down . Cheryl stand amidst the clutter , old furniture and box in she Mam 's basement . she pick up a old magazine in a box to she leave and smile at the picture on the cover . cheryl . '' ' anyway my mother or ettie , the name she friend call she .. my mother say to I " sure cherrie " .... she still call I cherrie ... " sure I know about the watermelon woman -- which of course she do not ... " why do not you come and visit and I will tell you all about it " . ( beat ) 20 14 , int mom' basement a bit later video ' continued . . cheryl what a mistake . I mean she be helpful and all but what she really want be a control session to tell I what 's wrong with ~ my life and to taik endlessly about the past like it be yesterday . ( beat ) Mom . M.S. of Cheryl . - Cheryl continue to rummage through the box as we hear sound of basement door open . her Mom 's voice call down from the top of the basement stair . mom' voice I say the box be in the closet , not by the chair . cheryl ( to herself ) how .. would you know you have not be down here in year . mom' voice what would do you say ? cheryl ' I say when be the last time you be down here ? C . . mom' voice that 's not what you say . cheryl yes it be . ( beat ) now where ?... next to the holiday thing ? mom 's voice I say the box be in the closet next to the : Christmas tree . why '' do not you listen to I cherrie ! M.S. of Cheryl 's Mom . Cheryl go to camera , and . pan to basement stair where - Cheryl 's Mom begin a belabor trek down the narrow basement stair . mom , a hippish 60 something black woman , walk towards Cheryl wear a pink jogging suit . : M.S. of Cheryl 's Mom . . mom . you know I have arthritis in my knee . ( beat ) why be you make - I come all the way down here . Cheryl bend down and pick up - a funky old box . box come into ~ frame . . 21 14 , int mom' basement a bit later video va continued cheryl ( V /0 ) found it ! CUT to : 15 . int . mom' live room a bit later video ton sit in front of the camera , in documentary style , fix hair . Cheryl be hear 0.s. recording she . mom how do I look cherrie ? ( pause ) you know I be too fat to be on tv . cheryl 5 . ( 0.8 . ) Mom you be not , and you do not look fat and anyway this be a video . ' edith : Cheryl 's mother ' - - appear . over she image . Mom continue to fix she hair . cheryl ( 0.s. ) so you see lot of film when you be grow up in the 30' ? mom ( in a theatrical proper voice ) yes , Cheryl , I do see many film . I be very interested in the cinema , you know . cheryl ( 0.s. ) and one of you favorite star be the watermelon woman , right ? mom = ( in she normal voice ) ' Water ' who ? ( pause ) I have never hear of she . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) : Mom , we have a long talk on the ' phone about she ... remember the '' skinny girl ? " : mom we talk about a lot of thing on the phone the other night . : how do you expect I to remember everything ? Cheryl be hear softly cursing to self behind camera . 15 . int " ' mom' live room a bit later video continued mom I remember you ask I for money to help you pay for this here camera . so do not get uppity . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) but I come all the way out here on the bus and take off from work just to tape you story about the watermelon woman . mom I remember a butterfly girl or something or other who run around like a pickininny in go with the wind . i'11 talk about she if you like . you know that the Johnson 's up the street be related to she . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) no. ( beat ) I specifically want to talk about this one actress who star in this video we just get in the store . ( beat ) come on mom , this be really important to I . you say you would help I out with make this video . ( pause ) now how about the director , she be a woman - - ' martha page . she be the one who cast the watermelon woman . mom now that name sound familiar . ( beat ) but she could not have be a director . lady do not do thing like that back then . cheryl ( 0.8. raise she voice ) yes they do , Mom . it say right on the back of the video box that martha page be direct film back then . and she be not the only woman direct film -- there be dorothy arzner and ... mom hum ... ( pause ) well .. I guess I be wrong but I still do not ' remember this ' Water -woman ' girl you be ask about . ( pause ) you know that be she stage name . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) that 's the name that be on the box . . Cheryl 's hand be see hand she Mom the video box . Mom take the box from Cheryl and hold it away from she eye to get a good look . . mom : ' I always tell you never to believe everything you read . ( pause ) be that the girl ? she look familiar . 22 23 15 . ine mom' live room a bit later video ' continued cheryl ( 0.8 . ) that 's the watermelon woman , Mom and I know she have a real name . that 's why I be here ask you . you be suppose to have live back then . : mom well ... she kinda look like this singer who use to sing around some of the club where starleta , mae and I use to hang . ( pause ) no ... if I remember right this girl be the one who sing at this club where that street type use to go . mae use to have this friend name shirley who take we to one of that place and we be shocked . some man in a dress be sing on the stage and then a girl who look like a man come out and 4 introduce a singer who kinda look like this melon girl . she 3 sing a old bessie Smith type song . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) how do it go ? mom oh I do not remember . I be not much into bessie 's song . but I do remember that club like it be yesterday . I remember the smell of the smoke . kinda have the smell of the smoke that . use to come from under you door when you be in high school ... cheryl ( 0.8 . ) Mom , stick with talk about this club . it sound right up my alley . what be it call ?... where be 's it ?... be you sure the '' watermelon woman sing there ?... mom ( roll eye ) _ cherrie , that be 40 some -- I mean -- several year ago . you old mom can remember some thing but she can not remember ' everything . ( pause ) wom , I just remember what I tell you cause mae get into a fight with pe mo shirley after that night and ... ( pause ) let I go no further with other people business . cheryl ' ( 0.8 . ) ' humph. ( pause ) how be good old miss mae anyway ? 24 cur to : 16 . int . library day film m.s.dolly of the library stack , shot in lémm . camera dolly the library stack and stop at the aisle where Cheryl , with a pile of book next to she foot , stand look through a book . camera dolly to Cheryl . music be hear . c.u. of book and Cheryl 's hand . Cheryl page through a photography book of early Hollywood star and pause on a photo of director martha page who be see in the picture direct actor and crew on the set of one of she film . music be hear . l.s. of Cheryl . Cheryl close the book and squat to place it on a grow stack of book by where she stand . Cheryl stand up and be startle . M.S. / p.o.v Cheryl . Cheryl see tamara 's face peer through the stack : cheryl ( startle ) . ahh !.( pause ) .. damn tamara , you scared I . tamara I hope T do . we got to go or I be gonna be late . cheryl for what ? I be just get into it . l.s. of Cheryl and tamara . tamara walk to the aisle where Cheryl stand . tamara pick up the stack of book by Cheryl 's foot : . : tamara all of this book ? you only can take out a certain amount you know ? : . cheryl , : twenty . I ask before I start look stuff up . ( pause ) you know that it 's not like I can go and ask for information about some black mammie actress name the watermelon woman ? they do not even have géneral listing for black woman in film . tamara ' well do you try ask at the desk ? . cheryl . I do not think you be listen to I tamara . you can not just ask like ... : tamara stand adjust the many book in she arm . 16 . int - library day , film continued tamara I be not listen because we have get to go . I have to meet my girl Stacey , at she place when she get home from work . I want to surprise she and stop at the flower place on the way . ( pause ) I want to get some tonight . tamara smile at Cheryl and turn , walk away with the pile of book in she arm . Cheryl pick up she backpack and follow . cheryl I be not finish . I have to ask about one more book and then we can go , ok ? CUT to : 17 . int library lobby moment later film l.s. tamara be see wait in line for librarian assistance . Cheryl be see at nearby computer terminal with papers and book . tamara look at Cheryl impatiently as the librarian finish help person . tamara Cheryl you be next . come on . ( beat ) I have to be there in 20 minute . : Cheryl run to counter step in front of tamara . M.S. of Cheryl , tamara and librarian . . White man librarian wear the name tag , tyler , look at Cheryl like she 's crazy . M.S. of Cheryl , tamara and librarian . cheryl . hi. ( pause ) I be look for information.on the watermelon woman . she be a Black actress in the 1930' . I seem to be have trouble ... : . c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v. of Tyler . Tyler enter ' information on he computer and look at Cheryl : tyler ( cut Cheryl off ) nothing come up . ( pause ) look : in the ' black ' collection of . the reference library on the ... ¢.u./ Tyler 's p.o.v. of Cheryl and tamara favor Cheryl : 25 vas 26 ' 17 . '' int library lobby moment later film continued cheryl ( annoyed , cut Tyler off ) how about martha page , a ' white ' woman director from the 30' ? back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of Tyler : : tyler all of this information be reference ... in the ' reference ' section of the library . have you check in the ' reference ' section yet , '' miss '' ? back to c.u. / Tyler 's p.o.v. of Cheryl and tamara favor Cheryl : cheryl well both be involved in film . I think there might be some sort of ' non - reference ' book that tan be check out . you know on film and .... . back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v. of Tyler : tyler well do you look in the film section ...760 's to 790' ? back to c.u. Tyler 's p.0.v. of Cheryl and tamara favor tamara : tamara yes we have . ( to Cheryl ) why do he think we wait in line . _ cheryl ( to tamara ) shut up tamara . M.S. of Cheryl , ' tamara and Tyler . Tyler and tamara both roll eye at Cheryl . back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.0.v. of Tyler : tyler the name again ? back to c.u. / Tyler 's p.o.v. of Cheryl and tamara favor Cheryl : cheryl the watermelon woman and martha page . back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.0.v. of Tyler : tyler | the '' watermelon woman " ? 27 17 . int library lobby moment later film continued back to c.u. / Tyler 's p.o.v. of Cheryl and tamara favor Cheryl : cheryl yes , the watermelon woman . she be the ... star in several film by martha page . back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v. of Tyler . Tyler stare at Cheryl for a moment . he punch in name and sniffles alot . tyler the only name that 's come up be martha page . she be include in several ' non - reference ' book on ' woman and Film . ' ( pause ) no ...nothing on ' the watermelon woman . ' check the reserve library on the 3rd floor . next in line please . M.S. Cheryl , tamara , Tyler and person in line . camera follow Cheryl as she walk away from desk towards the ‘elevator . tamara follow carry book : tamara you be not go to do this now , I really have to go . CUT to : 18 . int library conference rook a bit later film M.S. Cheryl and tamara be see in a small library conference room . on the table be a stack of book , article , slide , etc . cheryl | damn -~someone be hold up a lot of learn . look at all this stuff . Cheryl open she back pack and look for a pen and paper . she then begin to sit down in a chair at the table where the document lay stack . tamara - do not get comfy , girlfriend . you know . the stuff be here , ' now let 's go . ( pause ) come back tomorrow . I be now . 5 minute from be 10 minute later than I be before Cheryl look at tamara oddly . cheryl huh ? tamara you know what I mean Cheryl . I have to go --- now ! 28 18 . int library . conference room a bit later film continued . of : ~ cheryl tamara , ... tell I again , .. do you have to go ? tamara make a angry face and pinch Cheryl . cheryl ( rub arm ) ouch !! ( pause ) look tamara , I have to work tomorrow -- for you if I remember correctly . ( pause ) take a chill pill . it will take 10 minute . ( pause ) why do not you find a phone and call Stacey . Cheryl sit down at table and open she notebook . tamara suddenly grab several of the document and picture from the pile and shove they into Cheryl 's backpack which lie open on the table . tamara then grab the backpack , zip it close and walk to the door away from Cheryl . c.u. of Cheryl : cheryl tamarai ! ( pause ) what be you do ? ( pause ) give I that : backpack ! M.S. of tamara and reserve librarian . as tamara reach to open the .door the reserve librarian , a odd look latino man , walk in . tamara stand by he freeze . reserve librarian how 's it go in here , lady ? l.s. of Reserve librarian , Cheryl and tamara . with backpack in hand , tamara inch . she way back to the table . Cheryl abruptly stand up . cheryl ( stunne ) cool ... I mean fine , just fine . lot of stuff to look over . reserve librarian its be on reserve for several month now . I be glad to see somebody appreciate the work we do for the public . " . ' pamara oe you know , ... now that you mention the public , I realize that we have to go and meet a friend at the bus station , ... right Cheryl ? tamara look at Cheryl and wink . cheryl right . 29 18 . int . library conference room a bit later ilm ac continued tamara if you could hold this document for we until tomorrow , we can come back then and have the whole day for research . right ~ Cheryl ? M.S. Pan of tamara . as tamara speak the camera pan down she body to the backpack . M.S. Pan of Cheryl . camera then pan up to Cheryl 's face : cheryl right . CUT to : ~~ 19 . int cheryl ' 's apt . day yy see in video be a slide project blurry image of a 1930 's film still . the image of a black woman and a white woman come into focus . it 's hattie mcdaniel and vivien leigh in go with the wind . tamara and cheryl 's voice be hear in . the background -( 0.8 . ) . the sound of the slide projector and soft music be hear . tamara ( 0.8 . ) where would you get this slide projector anyway ? cheryl ( 0.8 . ) . my mom have it in she . basement . tamara ( 0.s. , kid ) she have 's everything in that basement . ( beat ) from the look of this place you get most of you furniture there too . cheryl . ( 0.s. , defensive ) . shut up tamara . ( beat ) my mom be very helpful . if you do not . like : . the chair then sit on the floor . . the slide change to Louise beaver and claudette Colbert in Imitation of life . . . ° : tamara -~ ( 0.8 . ) . what 's up with the mammy ? where 's the watermelon woman ? 's 19 . int — -° cheryl 's apt . - day video ) continued the slide change to a early image of josephine Baker in chocolate dandy . tamara ( 0.8 . ) damn ! who the fuck be that ... do not tell I that 's ... cheryl ( 0.8 . ) josephine Baker . ( pause ) she star in this all Black Broadway show call ( a rustling of papers be hear ) chocolate dandy . but look at she in this .... slide change to josephine Baker in tux hold a cigarette . tamara ( 0.8 . ) better ... much better . ( pause ) she almost look like she be down with the sister . cheryl ( 0.s. ) I think she be . in quick progression , the slide change to a series of lobby poster and review / article of color cast movie from the 1920' and 1930' . tamara ( 0.8 . ) now be not you glad I make you take this stuff from the library ? cheryl ( 0.8 . ) make I take it be right . and you go to take it all back after I finish with it . tamara ( 0.8 . ) . always get to be honest do not you ? cheryl ( 0.8 . ) 's yeah , yeah . ( beat ) anyway I work out this monologue for you to read - - a voice over -- serious yet sisterly . kinda like a female James Earl Jones . the slide change to head shot of black actress as maid . the first be a publicity shot of hattie mcdaniel in a may 's outfit . the sound of papers shuffle be hear . . 30 31 19 . int cheryl 's apt . day _ mideo continued tamara ( 0.s. , in a funny voice ) and we play the role when we have to . Black actress be cast as maid , mammy and servant in many of the talky during the Depression era . we serve , cook , clean , and be the comedic relief in many family drama . slide of a publicity photo of the watermelon woman in a may 's outfit be see . tamara ( 0.8 . ) hey ... that 's you be girl right . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) yup ... it sure be ( pause ) read what I write , , tamara . tamara ( 0.8 . ) popular in the film of white woman director martha page be a little know singer name the ' watermelon woman ' . she make she screen debut in page 's 1931 comedy the Jersey girl . Richards premiere as a lively domestic who be hire by a white country girl force to sell the family farm and move to the big city . the slide change to watermelon woman and director martha page speak off set . tamara ( 0.8 . ) . , who 's this martha page character beyond be a big racist ? cheryl . ( 0.8 . ) . . I be not too eure if she 's a big racist but she be a big dyke . : look at the two of they . tamara _ ( 0.8 . ) ' yuck ! a very scary think the two of they together . cheryl ... ( 0.8 . ) why ? page be not all that . bad . tamara ( 0.8 . ) , . just go back to that slide of . she from before . 32 19 . int ° . cheryl 's apr ... day video . continued cheryl ( 0.8 . ) how about this one instead . Cheryl change the slide to a very sexy glamour shot of the watermelon woman . tamara ( 0.8 . ) now that 's a sexy woman . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) beautiful woman . a very very beautiful woman the slide change to white . cur to : 20 . imr - video store day film l.s. pan . Cheryl be see walk from behind the counter with a stack of tape . she walk to a section of store and begin to place tape on shelf . . M.S. of Cheryl and diana . as Cheryl organize tape , a attractive white woman in she late twenty , diana , stand in background seriously look at tape on shelf . the two stand silently near each other then Cheryl notice diana who now hold 3 videotape in she hand : cheryl . you know it 's two tape for the one Monday through Thursday . diana . oh really ? thanks , I be have a rough time decide ... which would you suggest ; cleopatra Jones , Jason 's lyric , or carrie ? cheryl : well ... I do not know ++- cleopatra . Jones be really fun . ( pause ) go for cleoparta Jones and carrie . somehow the two go well together . . diana ( laugh ) you right ... but '' carrie '' ? I hate sissy spaceck . she 's such a thin , white , anorexic look mess in . that film . I like my girl with meat on they bone if you know what I mean . ( pause / to self ) anyway I just see it a few , month ago . 33 - 20 . int video store day . film for continued m.s./ dolly around Cheryl and diana . ' Cheryl laugh , 1 / 2 with diana and 1 / 2 at she reply . Cheryl then turn to continue shelving tape , pause , turn and look at ~ diana again .. cheryl how about some sci- fi like alien or a thriller like repuision with Catherine denevue . she go nut in she apartment one weekend . diana great just what I need to settle into my new place . cheryl just remember it 's two for one tonight . - diana 3 ' ( upbeat ) ok . ( pause ) thanks for the suggestion . ~ back to l.s. of Cheryl and diana . Cheryl smile at diana and diana smile at Cheryl . camera pan and follow Cheryl as she walk behind counter where tamara stand watch Cheryl . camera dolly in to a ms of Cheryl C ' look at tape and tamara enter data into computer . c.u. of tamara : tamara . whose the cutie ? c.u. of Cheryl : cheryl some customer . c.u. of tamara : tamara , . ° Nice bone structure if you be into white girl . do ya think she _ be or be not ... in the family ? back : to M.S. of Cheryl and tamara . .- | . Cheryl pull binder from beneath the counter and open it . ~*~ : cheryl - . . tamara , why be you constantly clocking woman . 20 . int video store day film continued . - . tamara we be lesbian — remember , Cheryl . we be into female to female attraction . and anyway , you be the one who be suppose to be go after the girl , ... how long have it be since you be . with one .. - let see ... cheryl a week . remember the emotionally imbalance yvette you try to hook I up with . tamara oh come on Cheryl . she be not that bad . Stacey talk to she the other night and she ask about you . Cheryl shoot tamara a cold stare as bob , the buppie Black manager walk up with annie , a 22 year old , dyed haire , nose pierce white lesbian . Cheryl and tamara stand silently look at Annie . M.S. of Bob and Annie . Bob stand officiously look at Cheryl , tamara and Annie : bob tamara and Cheryl , I would like you to meet you new co-worker , Annie . h-h -.... annie heath . Annie heath . M.S. of Bob and Annie . bob Annie heath . she graduate from bryn mawr , right ? annie right. ( pause ) Nice to meet you Cheryl . m.s.of Cheryl , tamara , Bob and Annie . ' Annie walk over to Cheryl and shake she hand vigorously . camera pan with Annie as she walk over to tamara and extend she hand . annie Nice to meet you tamara . 's tamara give arinie a look from hell then 's 1 / 2 shake she extend hand . camera pan to diana who stand watch the handshake . diana clear she throat . 34 35 '' 20 . int video store day . film continued l.s. of Cheryl , tamara , Bob , Annie and diana . everyone turn and look at diana . bob {to Cheryl ) Cheryl , why do not you run through thing with Annie while wait on this customer . Bob smile at diana and walk to answer the phone which have just start to ring . tamara walk away smirk to stack behind they . Cheryl and Annie walk to counter and both smile at diana . c.u. / Cheryl and Annie 's p.o.v of diana : diana ok . I be go to take you up on you suggestion and it 's two for one right ? c.u. / diana 's p.o.v of Cheryl and Annie : cheryl right . M.S. of Cheryl , Annie and diana . diana hand Cheryl the box and wink at she . Annie look at Cheryl then at diana . Cheryl look at . Annie and smile nervously . annie — maybe I should go get the tape . M. S. of Cheryl , Annie and diana . cheryl no . watch I process this first . ( to diana ) name on the account ? diana rolland ... but it 's a new account . cheryl . ( to Annie ) New account get rung up like any order except you have to get all of they credit and address , etc. first , then file the . eredit card imprint . diana look around at literature 'on counter . Annie stand look like she be be treat like a child . cheryl all I need be you credit card . 36 20 . int video store . day film continued diana open purse / bag and get out wallet . diana hand Cheryl she credit card . cheryl ( to Annie ) enter the address and license number and I will run she credit card . diana recite she address , etc. to Annie ; Annie enter information in the computer ; Cheryl run she credit card through machine . c.u. of Cheryl and diana 's hand . Cheryl hand diana she credit card . diana reach for the card and let she finger linger , touch Cheryl 's finger . back to M.S. of Cheryl , Annie and diana . Cheryl smile at diana and diana . smile back : diana do not I have to sign something ? Cheryl hand diana a pen and slip . diana sign slip . Annie stand watch the two woman . diana look at Cheryl intensely as she put she wallet back in purse . annie ( to Cheryl ) Cheryl , you know I work at a video store before . I just get the tape she want and scan they , right ? back to M.S. of Cheryl , Annie and diana . Cheryl smile at 's diana and diana smile back : diana I be get repulsion and cleo -- cheryl cleopatra Jones . Annie look at Cheryl and diana then walk away to get tape . tamara walk behind diana smile and wink at Cheryl . diana dig in she purse for money . diana do I pay now or when I return they . cheryl when you return they . 37 20 . int video store day film continued Annie come back with tape and scan they . Cheryl fidget with movie display . cheryl _.. . ( to diana ) would you like a bag ? diana no thanks . Annie hand diana the tape . diana thank you ... c.u. / diana 's p.0. V of Cheryl 's badge . diana ( continue ) Cheryl . back to M.S. of Cheryl , Annie and diana . diana walk away . Cheryl and Annie stand at the counter : cheryl ( to Annie ) and that 's how you take a customer order . annie that 's how customer pick up . employee , you mean . ( look at Cheryl 's badge ) I need to get a badge if it 's that easy . Cheryl look at . Annie and smile . Annie smile back . CUT to : 21 . ext lee 's house . . front : door ideo , Cheryl stand ringing the door bell .of lee , the queeny , 50 year old , over . zealous collector of Black film memorabilia . tamara - yun the camera and be hear 0.s. : cheryl be you sure you say 3 o'clock . ( pause ) how do you hear «about this guy anyway ? tamara ( 0.8 . ) .- ' he 's a friend of my Mom 's . he 's cool though . I think he son be gay . . 38 21 . ext lee 's house lee 's house video continued cheryl that make he cool ? tamara ( 0.8 . ) it 's better than nothing . Lee open the door . he be wear a T-shirt with a image of Paul robeson on it . tamara ( 0.8 . ) hi Lee . it 's ok if we tape we visit ? this be Cheryl . lee hi Cheryl and tamara . ( pause ) sure you can tape , honey , if you ' promise to get my good side . : 22 . int lee' house live room yideo Lee hold door open for Cheryl and tamara to enter . tamara walk into foyer and turn camera to Lee catch he pick he nose as he close the door . lee . so you come to see what I get . Lee walk past camera and stand in front of Cheryl . lee right this way lady . ' tamara ( 0.8. into camera ) lady , . huh ?. Cheryl and tamara follow Lee through he house . tamara turn camera on the live room when they walk past it . tamara ( 0.8 . ) can you show we what 's in here ? lee you mean in the live room ? sure . Lee and Cheryl walk into the live room . the room be elegantly decorate with lobby poster of Black cast film . on one wall be a un - light neon sign which read royal . oo 39 22 . int lee' house live room video continued lee everything be authentic except for the sign ... let I turn it on for you . Lee walk to the sign and turn it on . lee it 's a duplicate of the sign that hang above the Royal theater back in the 30' . cheryl what be the royal ? lee the Royal , the dunbar , the Standard be the place to be back in the 20' and 30' . South Street be jump with night life . Lee move away from the sign . tamara get . a shot of it with the camera . cheryl like South Street now ? lee Hell no girl , South Street suck now . but back then it be 20th and South . everybody who be anybody be there to see the movie or the show at one of the theater ... the Royal and the dunbar be Black own . and operate up until and even after the Depression . tamara when they show film , be it that all black cast one ? Lee move to mantle and stand beneath a poster of a oscar micheaux film , '' body and soul . '' Cheryl walk and stand inbetween tamara , at the camera , and Lee at the mantle . lee ( laugh ) if they have only play Black cast film , they really would have go out of business during the Depression . ( pause ) Black folk want to see . the Hollywood stuff ... the star , costume and all . that junk . the all black cast stuff ...or negro stuff , play before the feature . Cheryl walk and stand next to Lee and look at poster . lee '' body and . soul '' open .here in 19xx . at the Royal . 40 lee' house live room video 22 . ( int continued Cheryl and Lee stand silently look at each other . tamara ( 0.8 . ) ask he about the watermelon woman ? Lee start to laugh : lee ( laugh ) now that 's a new name . ( to tamara ) where do you find that one ? cheryl ( to Lee ) I actually find she in some tape that come to the store . she play either a may or a mammie , have a few stupid line , but be stun . tamara ( 0.8 . ) ~ yeah , I have see she . she be all that . lee well you know that be stardom for most sister back then . actually it be work . the movie always have a role for color domestic . film in the teens would sometimes just ask real help to stand in the scene . ( pause ) or , sometimes director would check out the nightclub and cast the singer or chorus girl . that 's how ethel Waters get she start . cheryl I bet that 's how she get she start . on this one tape . box just like that . .as the that 's why I decide to make a video to find out who she be . lee I see , tamara ( 0.8 . ) tell he the name of that woman who make the film . cheryl she be in at least 5 movie by the white woman director martha page. ( have ) have you hear of she ? her name . appear watermelon woman . ~~ lee ( funny voice ) name ring a bell . ( pause ) let 's go into my office and we will ... as the doctor say ... not check it out . 's 41 22 . #. int . lee' house live room video continued tamara / camera follow Lee and Cheryl as the walk to Lee 's office . Cheryl turn to the camera and mouth the word ' weirdo . 's Lee turn down a hall with film poster on the wall . Cheryl stop and look at poster . cheryl wow this poster be phenomenal . do you just focus on Black cast film ? camera pan poster of lena horne film . lee yeah , I really dig it . Black cast film where very popular here in Philly in the late 20' and early 30' . oscar micheaux shot some part of he film here . '' tamara ( behind camera ) Lee have be write a article about Black film in Philly , right ? lee finish a article tamara . I will give you 'all a copy of it - before you leave . Lee stop and point to the close door of he office Lee open the door and turn on the light . lee violat Office be fill with file cabinet , : poster , archival machinery , and a special light and . fan set up . Lee and Cheryl enter . cheryl wow , Lee . you be the man-all.right . impressive set up . lee expensive ' get up . ( pause ) I use the enlarger when I need to make poster . tamara ( 0.8 . ) you do not mess around do you Lee ? lee nope . Cheryl walk in , sit down on a chair , ' and open note pad . 42 22 . int lee' house . live room video continued cheryl so what do you get on the watermelon woman ? Lee open the file cabinet : : lee as I say before , I never hear that name ... Lee finger though file . tamara focus on he , then on Cheryl , then on the equipment . lee ... no ...no , I do not see any watermelon woman . I have a file on director white and director black who work with color actor . what be the name again ... Martin ...? cheryl — martha page . she be a white woman . Lee open another file and continue to search . tamara ( o.s. , to self ) she be a butch . lee a woman , huh ... I never hear of a woman director other than arzner . ( look up and shut file ) ... no , woman be not my : specialty lady ... : tamara ( 0.s. , to self ) of course they be not , look at you . lee ( to tamara ) '' what 's that tamara ? Cheryl shake she head at tamara : " tamara ( 0.s. ) I say we get to get roll . look at the time . Lee shut file , abruptly . lee oh ( pause , change subject ) I have some old photoplay magazine in the basement . let I give ' you a few before you leave . 43 22 . int lee' house live room video continued cheryl and the article ? lee and the article . Lee exit room . Cheryl , stand up , look at tamara . cheryl you can be so rude sometimes . tamara ( 0.s. ) / everyone know he 's a closete queen . CUT to : 23 . ext produce truck day film m.5. of Cheryl as she stand in a line behind a grungy white boy - and a older white woman wait to purchase produce . at the front of the line order produce be diana , who be take a long time place she order . Cheryl do not see diana . the older white woman in front of cheryl. turn to Cheryl shaking head : older white woman you would expect a young girl like that to be quick about thing . what be she order anyway . ( pause ) maybe she 's one of that vegiterainium . ~ Cheryl laugh under she breath . the grungy white boy turn around . grungy white boy ( annoyed ) - vegetarian . + I am.one as well and I probably will take as * long , if not longer than she be , order my produce . - M.S. / Cheryl 's p.o, V. of diana and black man . diana be see talk to black man worker who fill she order : diana when be green plum come in ? black man on Tuesday when all the other produce you ask about be due in . ‘( pause look at line ) do you want anything else lady ? 23 . ext produce truck day film continued diana no ... I guess that will be all . black man $ 7.50 . diana dig in she pocket for money . M.S. pan of Cheryl . Cheryl , watch diana , step out of line and walk towards front of line . just as Cheryl get to the front of the line , out of nowhere , a beautiful black woman walk over to diana . black woman do you want some money . i11 pay for half . diana , find a twenty in she pocket , hand the black man the money . : : diana .+- no I have it . ( pause ) you buy the wine . beautiful black woman look at Cheryl coldly . diana look at beautiful woman then at Cheryl . diana hey it 's Cheryl , the video store woman . the beautiful black woman pick up bag of produce . Cheryl look at the woman and smile . the woman ignore Cheryl and walks.to a car park next to the produce truck . . ' c.u. / diana 's p.o. of Cheryl : cheryl yeah , I just see you in line and think I say ' hi ' . c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of diana . diana smile at Cheryl as she gather the remain bag : beautiful black woman ( 0.8 . ) let 's go diana . we have get a million errand to run . . diana well 1I '11 see you around . 45 23 . ext produce truck . day film continued ¢c.u. / diana 's p.o.v of Cheryl : cheryl you bet . l.s. / Cheryl 's p.0. V of diana and the beautiful Black woman . diana walk to car , get in and car drive away . M.S. of Cheryl . . . Cheryl watch for a moment then get back in line . CUT to : 24 . int cheryl 's apt . day video Cheryl be see in talk - head set up hold a magazine in hand . . cheryl in this copy ( hold to camera and shake ) of the June , 1932 photoplay which Lee leat I , there be a little blurb about the infamous woman director martha page : " of the few woman director work in Hollywood this year , most promise be martha page . " ... Cheryl hold a page of the magazine up to camera . we see a serious look head shot of martha page . the photo be blurry at first , then it slowly come into focus . cheryl ( behind photo ) " her silent film be a hit but watch out for she talky . they star every soon - to - be famous young starlet you know . she make what mgm call the woman 's film , but. do not let this stop you - from see they . they . be funny and serious at the same time . how do this little lady do it ? " as the camera hold on the photo . Cheryl be hear from behind photo . : cheryl I bet she do it like a bottom ... you know have the girl tie she up and shit . . CUT to : 25 . ext CITY STREET . day ... video Cheryl interview a young black mother with SMALL child in stroller as they stand in front of a afrocentric . book store . music be hear . 46 25 . ext CITY STREET day video continued young black mother this be for a movie , right ? cheryl something like that . ( pause ) can you tell I what you know about the watermelon woman ? young black mother never hear of she ? ( pause ) you be from tv , be not you ? cheryl what ? young black mother be not you in a movie on tv.. that public channel ? cheryl no , sorry . CUT to : 26 .. int shirley 's live room day video shirley , a 60 + black woman , be see sit in a chair . the room she be in be very cluttere . Cheryl tape interview and be hear o.s . shirley 's . and the crab shack . Philly be really jump then . the crab shack and the Dew Drop Inn . yeah that 's where it be . and girl you should have see I up on the bar carryin ' on like a... oh wait a minute I almost forget you be tapin' . ( laugh : ) cheryl : ( o.se ) " | go ahead , you can say whatever you want . shirley . naw , see I be tryin' to straighten up a bit . ( laugh ) cheryl ( 0.8 . ) when do you first meet the watermelon woman ? shirley . ' you mean fae .. fae Richards . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) I think she name be the watermelon woman ? of C 47 26 . int ' shirley 's live room day video : continued shirley bust out laugh revealing a few miss tooth . shirley girl , who tell you that mess about watermelon woman ? ( pause ) that might of be she stage name when she be in the movie , but when she be sing for we she use she real name . fae Richards . she musta get that watermelon thing from that white folk she would hang out with . ( pause ) watermelon . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) how do you know so much about she ? shirley I be in love with she that 's why . every stone butch be . she be a looker . have the saddest smile that would make you want the ... ( sing ) '' squeeze right to you heart on a cloudy day ... ( pause ) yeah , she sure be a looker . ( pause ) I be ... seventeen , eighteen ... and the first time I walk into the showcase , olight up cigarillo ) pookie bring I a ashtray . pookie , a girl about 8 year , enter with ashtray . pookie wave at the camera , giggle and leave . shirley : ( continue ) git outta here girl , can not you see we be make a movie . ( pause ) the showcase right , be that where I be ? fae sing the blue to all of we at that speakeasy near South Street . it be a mix club that allow we kind of people to come in . she would come out in some fabulous outfit and sing . to all we butch stand up front . sometimes we would fight just to get she to look at we . ( pause ) I even get throw out once fight with this girl from North phikly . and if I remember right , they even have a back room - where ali sort of thing go on . but you would never find I there . cheryl ( 0.s . ) . so the club be a gay club with both black lesbian and gay man ?. shirley be you from the planet earth girl ! when have you ever see a black lesbian and gay club , ever . ( pause ) back then thing be all mix ; white folk own it , black folk attend and rich white folk come there . most of the white folk be in the family though . that ofay need some place to socialize . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) who do fae hang with ? do she have a girlfriend ? 48 26 . int ' shirley 's live room day video continued shirley do she have a ' people , ' you mean . we call we girlfriend '' my people . '' ( pause ) fae hang with a lot of different people . somebody tell I once that she be in with the ofay and hook up some ritzy white woman director to put she in the picture . cheryl ( 0.s. ) martha page . shirley yeah that sound like the name . and if I remember my gossip right she be one mean and ugly woman . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) wow , shirley . you should write this all down and make some money . you be live history . shirley History , huh ? I never think this be history . ( pause ) I guess that 's why we have kid like you . you will remember we , will not you ? shirley sit silently shaking she head . shirley you know I get some picture and thing from that club day . ( call into the other room ) nae nae ! nae nae , a eleven - year old black girl , walk into view with she hair half braid and half press and a comb stick in it . nae nae what gramma ? - shirley who you '' whatin 's '' girl ? nae nae stand - silent . yes , gramma ? shirley that 's right . ( pause ) go in my room and bring I down that brown box with the picture album in it . and do not touch nothin’ while you be in there either . shirley sit rub she chin and smoking . 49 26 . int . shirley 's live room day video / continued : shirley this be my niece 's child . ( pause ) she leave they with I ~ when she go to work in ' lantic City . she work at bally 's . a loud thump be hear . shirley shake she head . nae nae be - enter . - nae nae I have trouble reach it and something ' fall . ( pause ) sorry gramma . nae nae exit shamefully . shirley open box and dig through it . Cheryl take camera off tripod and focus on shirley 's hand go through stuff in box . Cheryl focus on the photo , 4 ticket stub , autograph , include photo of shirley . Cheryl put camera back on tripod and focus on shirley again . shirley hold up a stack of picture to the camera . shirley this be I back in ' 39 . I be what you kid call a fly girl . shown be a tatter photo of shirley . cheryl C ( 0.8 . ) wow . you be so young . shirley of course . I be only about nineteen year old . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) get any picture of fae . shirley you know , I might . I use to have my mirror in my room cover with all the photo of the pérformer in the club . back then , you could buy they and they would sign it for you .. ( pause ) yeah I think this be one of . she from back : - when she sing at the Standard back during w.w.ii . br : shirley hold up photo . fae be ' see pose in a glittery dress . shirley she be a looker . back then . cheryl ( 0.s. ) she sure be . 50 ~ CUT to : 27 . int video store late afternoon filn M.S. Cheryl and tamara be see at the counter of the video ~ store work . Cheryl be enter info in computer and tamara be stack tape . tamara yvatte have be ask about you again . cheryl what ? tamara she and Stacey be go to stop by here tonight . cheryl no way tamara ! I do not like she . why would you , do that ? tamara do what ? you tell I you do not like Stacey ... Cheryl stop what she 's do and turn to tamara shaking head and make face . cheryl yvette ... it 's yvette that I do not like . she 's not my type ..- she clothing , she attitude , she tone .... tamara stop what she 's do and turn to Cheryl . tamara what about she clothing ? she dress nice . and she want you . cheryl . so what if she want I ? I must say I be into dating woman with mental health right now . . tamara . ( loud ) - girl. what ! 's wrong with you . she 's get it go on . with a ( gesture ) '' bip and a bam . '' Cheryl look at tamara and throw she arm up in the air . Annie walk behind the counter . tamara stop gesture and turn , look at Annie . cheryl ( to Annie ) do you have a cigarette I could bum off of you . Annie ? I think I need to take a break . $ 1 27 .° int - ' wideo store late afternoon film continued annie sure . I will join you . tamara shake she head and stick she tongue out at Cheryl and Annie . Cheryl look at tamara , angrily squint she eye and follow Annie from behind the counter . CUT to : 28 . int video store late afternoor film M.S. Cheryl and tamara stand at the counter . Cheryl finish help a customer who walk away while tamara enter info into the computer . out of nowhere Bob walk up to tamara carry papers , a small box and fedex package . Cheryl and tamara look at hin . bob do either of you take a order for a ... diana rolland ? Cheryl look up from computer as tamara wait on a new customer . tamara look nervously at Cheryl and Bob . cc.u. / Bob 's p.o.v of Cheryl . cheryl who ? c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of bob. bob rolland , new account . I get a call from ( look at paper laugh ) ... Big Black production that ' they do not carry ... get this ... '' bald Black Ball buster '' ( shake head ) . here 's the rest of she order . could you call she when you get a chance and let she know that the video 's not available but , I be . back to M.S. of tamara , customer , Cheryl and Bob . ' Bob laugh and hand Cheryl papers . and package . chery ignore he laughter . tamara finish with customer who walk away then look at Cheryl and Bob . cheryl sure Bob . Bob walk to other side of counter laugh . back to c.u. of bob. bob y bald Black Ball buster ... be not that funny , tamara ? 52 26 . int 's video store late afternoon film continued back to M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . tamara look at Cheryl and Cheryl look at tamara . tamara ( whisper ) he know about my order they under she name . I think you say he never check . cheryl ( whisper ) he usually do not . ( pause ) bald Black Ball buster , tamara ? what 's up with that ? tamara smile sheepishly . Cheryl pick up phone pretend to place a call . tamara look in Bob 's direction and open box . cheryl '' ( whisper to tamara ) : why do not you tell I you be use she account to special order ? I use it too . I order some watermelon woman film for my project . Bob notice woman carry many bag head to counter , ( its diana ) . he walk over to wait on she step into foreground of counter where Cheryl and tamara stand : back to M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . bob . May I help you ? c.u. / Bob 's p.o.v of diana . diana put down she bag and open she purse , 's remove papers and videotape : diana . just a minute I hope I bring it ... here it be . diana hand tape to Bob . she look past Bob to Cheryl and smile at she . back to M.S. of Bob , Cheryl and tamara ' favor Cheryl and tamara . Cheryl look at tamara then look at diana and smile . cheryl ( whisper to tamara ) oh shit . 's - back to'c.u./ diana 's p.0. V of bob. Bob enter information and look at it puzzle . he look at diana and smile at she oddly . 53 28 .. int . video store late afternoon film continued bob oclear throat ) miss rolland ... some of the tape you order have arrive but a few of the title be unavailable . ( pause ) they do not have ... ( to Cheryl ) can I have that special order slip back Cheryl ? back to M.S. of Bob , Cheryl and tamara favor Cheryl and tamara . Cheryl hand Bob the slip . Bob hand the slip to diana and smile : bob they do not have that last title there . c.u. / Bob 's p.o.v of diana . diana look at sheet puzzle . . ~ back to M.S. of Bob , Cheryl and tamara favor Cheryl and tamara . Cheryl ' and tamara make big gesture catch diana 's attention . Cheryl mouth the word '' it 's ok . take the tape . " c.u. / Bob 's p.o.v of diana : diana : ( to Bob ) oh .... I see ... that 's a bummer but I .... I will take the rest of , the order . I can charge it right ? diana hand Bob she card . back to M.S. of Bob , Cheryl and tamara , favor Bob : bob . right . Cheryl move forward and stand look over Bob 's shoulder at transaction . tamara 's move forward and hand Bob : the package of ' video and stand and look at transaction , too . ~ c.u. / Bob 's p.o.v. of . diana : : diana look at Bob , then at Cheryl with passion in she eye . c.u. / diana 's p.o.v. of Cheryl . . Cheryl look at diana intense and hot . back to M.S. of Bob , Cheryl and tamara favor Bob : Bob look at diana and think she 's make a pass at he and he smile at she . 54 28 . int video store late afternoon _ film continued the phone in Bob 's office ring : bob ( still smile at diana ) tamara , could you answer that for I . ( to diana ) we be all set here . Bob wink at diana : bob do you want a bag or a hand ? back to Bob 's p.o.v. of diana : diana no bag but maybe a hand . diana look directly at Cheryl . tamara ( 0.8 . ) Bob . it 's you girlfriend . should I tell she to call back ? back to diana 's p.o.v. of Bob : bob no , no. ( to Cheryl ) Cheryl , help she with she stuff . Bob smile at diana and walk out of frame Cheryl walk into frame . l.s. of Cheryl and diana at counter . . camera pan following action . Cheryl walk from behind counter carry package with video and pick up 2 of diana 's grocery bag . diana walk away and Cheryl follow . Annie , who 's on the ' floor , look at the two as they walk past she . camera hold on annie . Annie smile at Cheryl . _ cut to : 29 , bxt .- video store a bit later ellm m.s.of Cheryl and diana as they stand in front of the store . music be hear . . diana I do not really need any help : ( pause ) can I have the video please . 55 29 . ext video store a bit later filk continued Cheryl hand diana the package : cheryl thanks for cover back there . ( pause ) it 's not what you think though ; I be not out to charge the world on you credit card . it 's just a way for we to get free ... I mean preview video . diana ( flirt ) free huh ? diana start to walk away from Cheryl . Cheryl follow . camera dolly with they . cheryl we special order they under any customer 's name , dub the tape , tell Bob the customer do not want the tape and we return they to the distributor . diana stop and turn to look at Cheryl . c.u. / diana 's p.0.v. of Cheryl : cheryl we have be do it forever and it 's cool . c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of diana . diana have a teasing / sheepish grin on she face : diana who 's we ? :( pause ) a ball buster no doubt . diana stare at Cheryl sexily . c.u. / diana 's p.o.v. of Cheryl . Cheryl get nervous : cheryl - the other worker . nothing happen .to you account . ( pause ) look , I be sorry about all this . c.u. / Cheryl 's p.0. V of diana . - diana starta to walk away from Cheryl : diana well I guess you will have to come . to my house to borrow the ' video since they be mine now . back to M.S. of Cheryl and diana . Cheryl stunne , stand watch she walk away : 56 29 . ext ' video store a bit later ' film continued cheryl what 's you address and phone number ? diana turn smile as she continue to , walk away : diana look it up . you have my account information , do not you ? Cheryl stand freeze watch diana as she walk away . cut to : 30 . imt video store a bit later film M.S. of tamara and Annie who stand behind counter watch Cheryl walk into the store . Cheryl walk behind counter and stand next to tamara and Annie . music be hear . tamara well ? cheryl she want I to come and get the tape . tamara look at Cheryl with she mouth open . annie ( to Cheryl ) score ! I really need a name tag now . cur to : 31 . int diana 's apt . a bit later F film '' M.S. of Cheryl as she stand hold a glass in the live room - of diana 's loft . diana 's - ( 0.82 ) I really like the film I buy .. ( pause } ) all 30 's melodrama by the same woman director . cheryl I be do research on one of the actress in the film . diana walk in carry stack of videotape . diana really , what 's she name ? 57 x31 . int . diana 's apt . a . bit later ' film continued cheryl fae Richards . diana be she the one who look like Katherine hepburn ? cheryl no . she 's the black one . she also go by the name the watermelon woman . diana place the stack of tape on the table next to Cheryl . diana I be not quite sure what to make of the ... jungle booty video ( pause ) do the watermelon woman star in it too ? Cheryl look at she embarrassed . cheryl no , the porn title be for my co-worker . diana ( slyly ) . you co - worker sure have get a thing for black dick . cheryl yeah she do . diana she ? diana walk out of frame . ' Cheryl take a gulp of she drink : cheryl some woman like porn i. guess . ( change subject ) so I will take this and tell Bob you return they . i'11 tell he you order the wrong title . M.S. of diana . diana walk to a table by the window where she drink sit . she pick up the glass and sip at it : diana ( slyly ) you know maybe I will keep the video I buy . ( pause ) want a drink ? back to m.s.of Cheryl . camera follow Cheryl who walk to window where diana stand : 58 31 .. int . diawa 's apt . a bit later film continued cheryl you can not keep the tape . they be for my project . I be actually make a movie about that black actress . diana and Cheryl stand silently try not to look at each other . Cheryl take another big gulp of she drink finish it . diana look at Cheryl with a devilish look on she face : diana I can keep they if I want they . I might let you take they from I though . ( change subject ) do you want another drink ? diana take Cheryl 's glass and walk past she out of frame . Cheryl stand shaking she head then turn to look at diana : cheryl sure , I 'll. have another . ( to self ) look '' like I '1l be need it . diana ( 0.8 . ) so tell I more about this project you be work . on. ( pause ) be it a paper for school or something ? cheryl do I look like a student ? back to m.s.of Cheryl . . camera follow Cheryl who walk to window where diana stand : diana walk back into frame and hand Cheryl a fresh drink . diana well ... you could be one , you never know . cheryl I be a , ..filmmaker .. camera pan with cheryl. as she walk . away from diana into the empty space of she loft . a M.S. / Cheryl 's p.0.v of diana . diana remain by window and lean on table : diana a filmmaker . 59 31 . int diana 's ' apt . a bit later film continued back to M.S. / diana 's p.o.v. of Cheryl : cheryl ( change subject ) you get a great space here and a lot of it too . | M.S. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of diana : diana I just move in . remember , ...new account . ( pause ) you know I use to study film in Chicago , that 's where I just move from . I be in grad school for law then for film then for history then ... back to M.S. / diana 's p.o.v. of Cheryl : cheryl then you give up right ? back to M.S. / Cheryl 's p.0. V of diana : diana right . I need to figure out my shit before I waste anymore time in school . back to M.S. / diana 's p.0.v. of Cheryl . . cheryl. walk back to diana who be lean on table by window : cheryl what shit be that ? diana what I want to do with my life . I want to do it all you know - what I mean ? you know I want to talk to you when I see you at the > produce truck that day . ( pause ) . I make my friend drive I around do errand . I do not have a car . cheryl oh . you girlfriend give I the look from hell and I think ... diana stop lean on table , pick up she drink and lean on window sill next to Cheryl . diana she 's not my girlfriend . cheryl — do I say girifriend ... I mean to . say friend . diana , oh . 60 31 . int diana 's apt . a bit later film continued diana smile at Cheryl . Cheryl smile back and they silently cruise each other . diana do you want to stay ? I be just get ready to eat . Cheryl sip drink . cheryl aaaah ... ( pause ) sure . cur to : 32 . imt couch in diama' apt . later film M.S. two shot of Cheryl and diana as they sit on couch watch a watermelon woman video on the tv . plates from dinner and a nice bottle of wine be on floor next to ' they . Cheryl intensely watch screen . diana pretend to watch screen but keep look at Cheryl . music be hear . video clip see be the video they watch . it be the film '' Dark deceit , '' one of the few Black cast film which feature the watermelon woman under . the name fae Richards . in this scene fae play the dark skinned call girl who argue with a light _skinned / passing woman who try to pass as white . to be write by doug and cheryl back to M.S. two shot of Cheryl and diana on couch . camera slowly start to pan / dolly around . the couch . cheryl , you know how hard it be to find this film ? I have to search long and hard for the distributor of this one . it 's actually one of the few black cast film that she star in . diana watch and play . with she hair . diana ( uninterested ) - really ? : diana turn and look at Cheryl then pick up wine glass and sip from it . Cheryl feel she watch and urn and look at diana . cheryl - ( change subject ) - that be really a great meal . 61 32 . imt couch in diana n's apt . later film - continued Cheryl pick up she glass and tap it to diana 's glass . cheryl cheer . diana and Cheryl both drink . cheryl do you mind if I smoke ? diana sure . cc. U. of Cheryl 's hand . Cheryl dig in breast pocket for cigarette package : cheryl so ... ( pause ) . you know what 's weird about this cozy set up ? c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of diana : diana what ? c. U. of Cheryl 's hand . Cheryl take lighter out of pocket and light she cigarette . c.u / diana 's p.o.v of Cheryl . Cheryl light cigarette . and place pack and lighter back in breast pocket , inhale and smile to herself . cheryl it feel like a set up . like you be hope I would stay and ... Cheryl '' french '' exhales . back t0'c.u./ Cheryl 's p.0o . V of diana : diana ' and what ? - back to c.u / diana 's p.o.v of Cheryl . cheryl. look nervously : at diana : cheryl +. and. friendly conversation . > Cheryl turn and look at tv and take a drag of she cigarette . of N 62 32 . int . - couch in dianma's apt . later film continued back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v. of diana : diana well I have to confess I be kind of ... no I be really ... attract to you . back to c.u / diana 's p.o.v of Cheryl . Cheryl turn and look at diana , smile , then shake she head . back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v. of diana : diana what ?! back to c.u / diana 's p.o.v of Cheryl : cheryl I be just think ... just go to tell you that you be a really nice woman . back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v. of diana : diana I know that already . what do you friend at work call I ...? back to c.u / diana 's p.o.v of Cheryl : cheryl you hear we !? back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v. of dianas : diana ' I have the hot for you when I first see you shelving tape . back to M.S. of Cheryl and diana . ~ diana reach into Cheryl breast pocket and take out the pack of cigarettes . diana 's finger linger on Cheryl 's nipple . - diana on May I have one ?. oe cheryl ahbh ... help yourself . . chery ! smile at diana who be all . ‘up : in her. face . diana sit back , take a cigarette out of the pack , then reach in Cheryl 's pocket for the lighter . the reflection of the tv flicker on they face . 63 32 . int ' couch IM diawa' apt . later film continued diana the fire be in there too , right ? Cheryl smile and watch diana . cheryl yeah , but it 's a lighter . diana sit back and light she cigarette , smoke it , then look at the tv . Cheryl watch diana smoke . diana nlook at t.v. ) well now that we know that we like each other what do we do ? ( raise eyebrow ) diana do not you want to kiss I Cheryl ? c.u. of diana and Cheryl 's kiss . diana turn to Cheryl and they kiss ; lightly at first then longer and deeper . back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl . diana stop kissing Cheryl , put both of . they cigarettes out on one of the dinner plate . Cheryl turn to diana and kiss she passionately . camera pan to t.v . on the screen the watermelon . woman and the pass woman argue with each other . you ' rea lie no good tramp ! that 's what . you be . commit a sin that will surely send you to hell . passing woman , . I be already go . to hell but not - for be a tramp ; but for .. - ' be poor and live on the street like I have to . why can not . I be happy by fitting into they world . God make I this color for a reason . watermelon . woman slap the passing woman on the face then turn and walk away . M.S. ( c.u. ) / pan of Cheryl and diana on couch . diana and Cheryl pull at each other 's clothing as they make out . 64 32 . int .. ( couch . in diana' apt . later film : continued heavy kissing lead to grind etc . Cheryl pull diana 's pants down . diana slowly yet forcibly push Cheryl 's head down towards she pussy . CUT to : 33 . int cheryl 's apt evening video Cheryl be see in shoulder - up in front of wall cover with black film poster . cheryl I be still in shock over the whole have sex with diana thing . ++.- can you image ... a customer I just meet ? ( pause ) I have never do anything like this before , let I assure you . the hip swinging lesbian style be not my forte , ... you remember the yvette thing ? anyway I be just a old fashion girl try to keep up '' with the time but diana just throw I for a loop . I mean ... Cheryl look away then look back . cheryl she 's not my type and ... but ... like it . I do not know what to do or say next . ( pause ) maybe it all have to do with this film project which be finally come together . ( pause ) Hollywood and the watermelon woman and fae Richards and blackism . Black -ism . I like that . ( pause ) be not it funny how many life a person can live in one . lifetime ... Cheryl smell she finger . . cheryl they still smell like diana. ( pause ) . shit I can not concentrate ... this be not work . Cheryl stand up and walk out of frame . CUT to ; . 34 ° ont cheryl 's apt ||. mext day . video Cheryl be see . in video set up hold a book : . cheryl ( vv 0 ) flash ! a new book on Hollywood lesbian have appear on the : shelf of we local lesbian and gay bookstore . Cheryl hold book up to camera . 65 34 . int cheryl 's apt mext day video continued " . . . Black Heard be the sound of a page be rip from book . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) though the book be a expensive piece of gossip , I have to buy it to show you a few thing . photo of martha page at Newark studios . Cheryl be hear 0.s. : cheryl ( 0.8 . ) why look who it be , the one and only martha page ! photo of martha page at desk . 2 cheryl ( 0.8 . ) blah ...blah ... " and ... page 's film be always fill with the prettiest young starlet who of course be rumor to be she lover . photo of fae and martha on set of film . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) some folk even say that she be once head over heal in love with the watermelon woman , who. star as the ' help '' in most of this early 1930 's woman 's film . I wonder what kind of help she offer . " back of book . , see be back cover of the book with the author 's , a queenie white man in he early 50' , photo on it . cheryl , ( o.8. , jokingly ) . : now I be not sure what to do or say . should I end the project now after read this man 's fact . fill book of his-store -e ? or - should I clearly investigate the rumor ?. or better. yet , ignore it . and tell fae 's '' real '' . life. story ?. ( pause ) let 's ask the expert . CUT : to : 35 . iet * college classroom . day talking head . see be .a 30 + white woman . in interview set up . Cheryl be 0.8 . the title " M. davis - todd , author feminist frame " appear over she image . 66 35 . int '' . college classroom day . video - continued M. davis all this woman be remarkable in they ability to transcend the stereotype in one way or another , through humor or song , even gesture . 1930 's Hollywood be a pretty rough place for black actress to do anything interesting in film beyond play a black may or servant . the competition be intense . there be few role and many promise man and woman want to play they . ( pause ) you know , Hollywood , at this time , employ almost as many , if not more , black screen star than it do today . cheryl ( off camera ) can you tell I a little bit more about fae " watermelon " Richards ? how would she get the name the watermelon woman ? M. davis '' I be not sure ... I think the ' watermelon ' really be part of she - birth name . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) say in you book that Richards be also a ... " hair stylist " ... and name . herself after the way she wear she hair . M. davis oh yes , I forget about that . ( pause ) so she get the name the watermelon woman .... this be one of the funniest storey about research the book .... cheryl ( 0.8 . ) really ? photo several 1930 's phot os of black woman 's hair style be see . also see be a clip from . a film of a black woman press the hair of another black woman . M. Davis be hear in V. 0 . _ M. davis . ( v.0 . ) ++- yes really . color woman name the different hair style that they wear -- like the rickety Rat , the cob — the same way shoe manufacture . would name lady shoe after popular woman of the era --lillian , marion , marlene . , cheryl ( 0.s. ) humph . 67 35 , int '' college classroom day mideo continued M. davis yes , and Richards popularize the watermelon in the film , '' Broken heart , '' a late 20 's silent short by martha page . thus the nickname ' watermelon — woman ' . . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) do you have any photo of she ... hair to prove this . ( pause ) I mean I could have make that story up . M. davis ( sheepishly yet offended ) it 's true . trust I , we really research hard for that story . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) I bet you do . CUT to : 36 . ext college campus day v Cheryl interview two white girl and a white boy . the white boy silently watch . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) . so you both be film major ? girl . ( together ) yes , yes we be . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) tell . I what you have learn about martha page and fae Richards . girl # 1 oo " well ; I hear of martha page before . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) what about fae Richards — the watermelon woman . ' girl # 2 if she 's in anything after ' 1960 , do not ask we . we have not cover woman and the blacksplotation movement yet . 68 36 . ext - college campus " day . video continued girl # 1 laugh at girl # 2 . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) what 's the title of the class you take now ? . girl # 2 the History of feminist Film and video . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) I see . the girl look at each other then look at white boy . CUT to : 37 . back to int . college classroom day video back to talking head of M. Davis be interview by Cheryl who be behind the camera , 0.s : : cheryl ( 0. S. ) : so what do you think about martha page be lover with fae Richards ? M. davis ( wide eye ) well ... you learn something new everyday I guess . cheryl ( 0 . 8 . ) ' what do you mean ? M. davis and ( sly ) T do not . think what you be say about the watermelon woman - — fae Richards and page be true but , there be somethitig to be investigate about the’ interracial experience of color and white Hollywood actor during this time period . ( o. S. ) ' what ? ~ M. davis a new project honey . ( pause ) you know we academic must keep up with popular culture . ( pause ) and besides my '' salary be shit until I get tenure : . - 69 cut to ; 38 . int cheryl 's apt . evening film l.s. see sit on the couch in Cheryl 's apt . be Stacey and diana . the two woman be tense and do not talk to one another . diana sit with she leg cross and turn smile at Stacey periodically . Stacey pick up she drink and sip it make a sour face . music be hear . : c.u. / diana 's p.o.v of Stacey : stacey blah !! what be this . c.u. / Stacey 's p.o.v. of diana : diana campari and soda . I bring a bottle for the dinner . you do not like it ? ~ c.u. / diana 's p.o.v of Stacey : stacey no . it taste like vinegar . back to M.S. of Stacey and diana . tamara walk in room with plate of cracker and cheese : tamara what wrong sta ? stacey ( to tamara ) this drink . could you bring I a beer . Stacey continue to make sour face and sit glass on table next to couch . : back to c.u. / Stacey 's p.o.v of diana : diana nervously smile at Stacey . . . back to l.s. of Stacey , diana and tamara .. tamara look at the two woman . lo CUT to : 39 . int cheryl 's apt . kitchen evening film Cheryl be see at the sink wash dinner glass . tamara come through kitchen door . : tamara ( whisper to Cheryl ) she do not like the campari she bring either . 70 39 . int cheryl 's apt . kitchen evening film continued cheryl what do you mean either ? tamara , open fridge and grab a beer open it . tamara ( whisper ) I mean I do not think Stacey like diana . I go in there and it be all silent and shit . Cheryl turn , look at tamara then make a discourage face tamara open the beer . Cheryl dig in she pocket for cigarettes , remove a joint and hold it up . cheryl time for plan " J " . tamara : now you be talk . Stacey love to smoke . tamara take the joint out of Cheryl 's hand . CUT to : 40 . int - cheryl 's apt . live room evening film tamara and Cheryl come through kitchen door , Cheryl behind tamara . camera pan with they . tamara light the joint and take a big puff . tamara . ( exhaling ) ; . a little before-dinner - smoke lady ? diana thank God ! let I have a hit . diana stand , grab the joint from . tamara and take a big hit . as diana inhale it , tamara and Stacey look at she oddly . cut to : 41 . int cheryl 's apt . dine room film l.s. of tamara , Stacey , diana and Cheryl who be seat around dining table . they be in the middle of eat dinner . '' 71 41 . int cherzl 's apt . dine room film - continued M.S. of Stacey and tamara : stacey -+. then I say to he . who do you think I be , you slave ? : tamara that beat Cheryl 's story about have to call this snobby white woman customer a nigger . M.S. of diana and Cheryl : cheryl I guess it do . Cheryl look at diana and they exchange a smile . back to M.S. of Stacey and tamara ... Stacey notice diana and Cheryl 's exchange : stacey so diana , what bring you to we fair city ? work , school ? back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl : diana no , I just decide to move . ( pause ) I get sick of Chicago and just up and move to Philly -- the city of brotherly love - - for a change . back to M.S. of Stacey and tamara : tamara and sisterly affection . back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl : cheryl what ? back to M.S. of Stacey and tamara : | tamara . and sisterly affection . brotherly and sisterly affection , right Stacey ? stacey . nlook at Cheryl ) yes , can not . forget the sister . we rule this city you know . back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl . 72 41 . int cheryl 's apt . dine room film continued cheryl ( change subject ) if you leave to escape the cold Chicago winter diana , do not expect it to be better here . - diana it be not the cold that make I move . I need a mental health break . back to M.S. of Stacey and tamara . tamara smile : tamara good answer . Cheryl like she woman to have the mental health thing go on . Stacey smile and look at tamara . stacey well , I : like my woman crazy like you darling . tamara make kissy lip at Stacey . back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl : diana Cheryl tell I you be in school , business right ? back to M.S. of Stacey and tamara : stacey mba . I be get my mba from wharton . back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl : diana : my father go to wharton . stacey . ( annoyed , - 0.s. ) really ? diana yeah , but when he get out he could not get a job , then decide to work for the diplomatic Corp he hate it but my . mom love it . they. get to travel everywhere . I be bear when they be station in Jamaica . 73 41 . int - cheryl 's apt . a bit later film continued back to M.S. of Stacey and tamara : tamara _ ( flat ) you be bear in Jamaica ? back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl : diana yup . I love tell people where I be bear . ( pause ) but we live all over the place : California , Germany , even Iceland . ( pause ) if you think Chicago 's cold , do not go to Iceland . back to M.S. of Stacey and tamara : '' stacey you have live in Iceland ? back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl : diana Iceland , New Zealand even Egypt ... let see ... j- Jamaica , C , G , I , N , C , ... Cairo and ... I do not remember the name of the other . place 's where we live in Africa . my father be station there for about a year . ( pause ) I have live just about everywhere . back to M.S. of Stacey and tamara . Stacey roll she eye : stacey I see. ( pause ) well honey , I be bear and breed right here in the good old US . tamara make face and change subject . tamara ( laugh ) Cheryl , 30 be you still leave we for Hollywood ? sound like the watermelon woman be get pretty ripe ? cheryl ( 0.s . ) - funny , tammy . and yes thing be go well but I might .... '' tamara ( cut Cheryl off ) tell Stacey about you plan to break into Hollywood with this . watermelon project . 74 41 . int . cheryl 's apt . '' a bit later film continued back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl . diana look at Cheryl as Cheryl start to get angry . back to l.s. of tamara , Stacey , diana and Cheryl . camera pan and focus on diana : diana Cheryl , I forget to tell you this earlier but .... I have some awesome news . everyone stop and listen to diana . c.u. of diana : diana well my brother 's mother - in - law use to work for this famous : casting agent and ... back to M.S. of tamara and Stacey . tamara and Stacey stop look at diana and half continue to eat half listen . c.u. of Cheryl : cheryl and what ? back to c.u. of diana : diana ++ / and she be and still be friend with the page family as ' in martha page . c.u. of tamara : tamara ( sarcastically ) you be kid ? . back to c.u. of diana : diana ( innocently ) no , I be serious . cc.u. of Stacey : stacey {in a funny voice ) six degree of separation , but here it 's only two . 75 41 .. int - cheryl 's apt . a bit later film continued back to c. U. of Cheryl : Cheryl shoot look at Stacey as diana continue . back to c.u. of diana : diana I call mra. page - fletcher and she say she would love to talk with we about martha 's life in the movie . back to c.u. of tamara . tamara stop eat and look at diana : tamara '' we . '' I think this be Cheryl 's project . back to c.u. of Cheryl : cheryl ( ignore tamara ) that 's great diana . ( pause ) you be such a sweetheart . back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl . diana reach across the table and touch Cheryl 's face , a gesture she intentionally do for the other to see . back to M.S. of tamara and Stacey . Stacey lean over and whisper in tamara 's ear : stacey why do Cheryl always hook up with this typical white devil type ? tamara she do not always go out with white girl . stacey the last one be that weird mulatto girl , and the one before be . white if you remember correctly . ( pause ) this one be up to something , I can tell . : back to M.S. of diana and Cheryl . Cheryl look over at Stacey and tamara . Cheryl turn and smile at diana , then kiss she lightly . 76 CUT to : 42 . int cheryl 's apt . day video Cheryl be see , shoulder up , in talk head set - up : cheryl the most distress thing about this project beyond not be able to focus on it properly be tamara . she 's usually more supportive about thing ... I mean I know that I be weird to she ... but in the past she 's like it , we be different from each other I mean . maybe she 's go through some change . ( pause ) maybe I be ... I do not know . CUT to : 43 . int concert day film . Cheryl and tamara get a gig videotape a black woman' music concert . need a extra camera person , Cheryl ask Annie . tamara , not like Annie have a chip on : she shoulder during the whole production and be especially hyper- sensitive about Annie be the only white person present . Annie sense the tension but try to fit in anyway . Annie and tamara have headsets and work the two stage camera while Cheryl work the long shot camera and direct from the rear / balcony . video camera will record event . they be not prop . video . l.s. high angle pan of stage . on stage be a popular black woman singer . Annie and tamara be see in this pan wear headsets and videotape . Annie 's camera be focus on the singer ; tamara 's camera be focus on the audience . : c.u. of a attractive black woman in audience . : video . see be what tamara be taping , a attractive black woman who sit in fourth row . Cheryl , tamara and Annie 's voice be hear 0.s. : tamara ( 0.8 . ) -~ damn , she 's. cute . cheryl ( o.s. ) .. that 's what you have be say about all of they . ( pause ) why do not you tape the singer for awhile . tamara : ( 0.s. ) be not that why you bring orphan Annie along . ( pause ) I be try to get footage for my video project . : 77 43 . int | concert . day film / video continued . cheryl ( 0.s. ) but we be work now tamara ... come on . tamara ( 0.8 . ) hey , I help you out . all the time with you video . ( pause ) besides who could possible pass this once~in-a-lifetime chance ... c.u. pan down row of black women . video . tamara pan down row of woman : tamara ( 0.s. ) ».- to capture all this fine , and I mean fine , black woman . c.u. zippan from stage to 2 white woman seat in audience . —.._.. —.» Annie turn she camera from singer and focus on two woman in . the audience . annie ( 0.8 . ) hey it 's greta , my native study professor ( pause ) I bet that 's she girlfriend . back . to c.u. of black woman zip pan to M.S. of Annie near stage . tamara turn she camera and focus on Annie at stage ( the Singer be in background ) : tamara ( 0.s. , to Cheryl ) ahh , Cheryl ... be you see ' this. ( to Annie ) Annie ! what be you do !? you be here to videotape the concert not you friend ! back to l.s. high angle of concert . : - video . see from Cheryl 's camera be the concert . the singe . 's start to really rock out to the song she sing . Annie turn she camera 's back to stage . tamara continue to . pan down row of black woman . . back to c.u. / Annie 's camera of Singer . Annie focus she camera on the Singer . annie ( 0.s. ) sorry . back to c.u. / tamara 's camera of black woman . 78 43 . int concert . day film / video continued cheryl ( 0.8 . ) tamara why do not you focus on the singer for once . this be the last act . camera Zippan to M.S. of Singer on stage . cheryl ( 0.s. ) you nre do a great job Annie . tamara ( 0.8 . ) sssh you two . she look like she 's go to stop sing soon .. back to l.s. high angle / Cheryl 's camera of concert . the singer finish the song and the audience stand and applaud . CUT to : 44 . ext tamara 's . backyard late afternoon film l.&s. high angle looking down on backyard . tamara be see on back step drink a 40 oz . the yard be partially fence in . music be hear . . m.s.of tamara on step ( in background part of door be see ) . Cheryl open the screen door , walk down the step , and sit next to tamara . Cheryl look at tamara with a completely tired expression . tamara extend the 40 oz to she . tamara drink . - Cheryl sip 40 oz . tamara dig into she pocket , take out she pack of cigarettes and remove a joint . .- . cheryl a I have not drank this stuff ' in a while . tamara light up joint take a deep ' inhale . tamara - : ( hold in the smoke ) my mom do not like I smoking in the house anymore . cheryl : Joint or cigarette ? 79 44 . ext tamara 's backyard late afternoon film continued : tamara nothing . it bother she . but she can smoke a whole pack of kool in she room whenever she please . 7 cheryl : abh , the joy of live at home . ( pause ) when be you go to move out of here ? you be 29 year old . c.u. of tamara pan to c.u. of Cheryl . tamara roll she eye while hit joint and pass it to Cheryl . Cheryl take a small hit . back to M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . cheryl so what 's up with you and Annie ? tamara what do you mean '' what 's up with I and Annie ? '' I do not like cheryl obviously . you be so mean to she . she 's just a kid who want to help we out . tamara help we out ! she get pay do not she ? ( pause ) she just get on my last black lesbian nerve with that dyed hair and pierce face . ( pause ) be you go to smoke that joint , bogart ? back to M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . : Cheryl hand tamara the joint , tamara take a hit . cheryl . : so what ? you know what I mean . so the fuck what , tamara ? we be different too . tamara yeah but .we be . not different in a ' room full of ritzy Black folk . ' we be there to be as professional as we can - be so we can get they business . we be not there to look like a bunch of multicultural , hip - hop mess . I mean do you see what she be '' . wear ? Cheryl look coldly at tamara . tamara - I mean Annie be a. spoiled young ' girl who oughta grow up and stop act like some extra from . the musical '' Annie , '' that 's all . her . youth , she queerness .... 80 44 . ext . tamara's backyard late afternoon film continued tamara shake head . Cheryl take a hit from the last of the joint and throw it to the ground . tamara watch Cheryl : tamara hey ... I want to save that . cheryl sorry . the two sit silently next to each other . tamara take a swig off the 40 and offer it to Cheryl . cheryl no thanks . tamara look at Cheryl know that she 's hurt she feeling and change the subject . tamara sorry Cheryl . ( pause ) I guess .all this Stacey shit be finally get to I . cheryl — what 's up with you and Stacey ? tamara nothing 's up , that 's the problem . girl 's go frigid . Zip . back to M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . cheryl well ... do not you think ... tamara «.. I do not know what to think . cheryl I think that Stacey 's work and go to grad school at the same time and be stress out . tamara sip beer . . mo cheryl :..: . what do you expect ? tamara I expect some nookie once in . a while . we have be together for awhile now and I do not even have a key to she place . 81 44 . ext tamara 's backyard late afternoon film iy continued cheryl '' no ? ~ tamara yest cheryl ie not that funny , diana give I a key to she place a week ago . tamara look at Cheryl coldly and sip beer . tamara I do not ask you here to talk about you '' wanna - be-black " girlfriend . cheryl what be you talk about , tamara ... diana do not want to be black ( pause ) you know that we be get serious ... can not you see I be into she ? tamara I see you go out with another white girl who want to be black and act like a black girl who want to be white . ( pause ) what 's wrong ... you tired of you skin color this day ? cheryl I be black tamara . whose to say dating someone that 's white make I not black ? whose to say anything about who I fuck in the first place ! back to M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . tamara ~ well Stacey say that diana be into chocolate . I mean look at she Cheryl .... she life alone in .a big loft apartment and volunteer , I say , volunteer . at an. after school program for not just poor child , but poor black child ... cheryl tamara ! out of nowhere diana enter . she sit down behind Cheryl embrace she , then lean into frame . kissing Cheryl on the cheek . diana . ( to Cheryl ) . 7 Fancy meeting you here . ( to tamara ) can I have a sip ? Cheryl and tamara look at each other . . 82 44 . ext . tamara 'ss backyard late afternoon film '' continued l.s of tamara , Cheryl and diana . tamara hand diana the beer and diana take a swig . suddenly the door open and tamara's mother , a 50 year - old black woman , appear in robe . diana remove she arm from around on Cheryl . tamara 's mother sniff the air . - tamara's mother hope you be not smoking no joint out here and do not invite I . tamara 's mother look at diana . diana smile . tamara 's mother I just come out here to tell Cheryl that she friend call . a diana something or other , say she would be over . diana right-ho . here I be . Nice to meet you tamara 's mother . tamara 's mother slowly smile at diana . tamara 's mother you can call I Phyllis . Nice to meet you , diana . tamara 's mother look at the 40 oz . in diana 's hand . ce tamara 's mother , . that 's my tamara . ( pause ) just like she father ... no manners . ( to diana ) diana come inside and I '’1l get you a fresh beer out the fridge . diana stand and follow tamara 's mother into the house . back to M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . tamara look at Cheryl scornfully : tamara - ( whisper ) you do not tell I . she be come . cheryl " . I forget . CUT to : 45 . int page -fletcher apt . front door day M.S. of Cheryl and diana as they stand in front of door . . cheryl will you tell I who ? ... and why do I have to bring all of this video equipment ? 83 45 . int page -fletcher apt . front door day film continued . diana you x11 find out in a minute . diana wipe the corner of Cheryl 's mouth then she kiss Cheryl . the door open and older black woman in a house coat appear . Cheryl look at woman in disbelief . diana we be here to see Mrs. page - fletcher . the woman look at Cheryl from head to toe : black woman you can come in . Diane then Cheryl walk in door past woman . the woman shut door . black the sound of set up video equipment be hear . CUT to : 46 . int page -fletcher live roon video l.s. of diana and Mrs. page -fletcher . diana be see as she adjust the microphone on Mrs. page - fletcher 's lapel . diana I be so glad you allow we . to tape this . interview ... camera movement be notice and Cheryl walk from behind ' the camera and stand out of frame watch diana adjust . mike . she walk towards diana . cheryl ( to diana ) . diana , let I do that . you. look in the camera and see if the couch and all be in frame . diana walk behind camera . Cheryl fix mike on Mrs. page - fletcher who look at she coldly and sit down in chair next to Mrs. page fletcher . Mrs. page fletcher fix she hair . _ camera zoom to a M.S. which frame Mrs. page fletcher on -couch and Cheryl in chair . 84 46 . int page -fletcher live room video continued mrs . page-fletcher I do not mind help out for you little project at all dear . ( pause ) my sister be a important lady you know . Cheryl look at Mrs. page fletcher and give she a half - ass smile . the Black woman enter , serve tea , and exit . Cheryl watch the older Black woman walk away . M.S. of Cheryl ( seat in chair ) , Mrs. page fletcher and diana ( seat on couch ) hold tea cup . mrs . page-fletcher so exactly what do you young lady want to know about my sister ? Mrs. page - fletcher put teacup down on table . cheryl it 's not exactly about you sister but a actress who she work with . diana , put teacup on table , shoot a look at Cheryl . Cheryl put teacup on table . back to M.S. of tamara and Cheryl . mrs . page-fletcher she work with a number of important starlet back then ... Sandra Vincent , cassandra brook ... cheryl fae Richards . mrs . page-fletcher who ? Mrs. page - fletcher look oddly at chery 1 . she turn and look at diana . diana the black woman 's may in some of she film . cheryl '' all of she film . ' mrs . page -fletcher oh yes . the girl from the night club . ( pause ) she be call something else though ? on 85 46 . imt . page -fletcher live room video continued cheryl the watermelon woman . mrs . page -fletcher martha see she sing at one of that speak easy club . I think it have something to do with Father and one of he business venture if I be correct . ( pause ) yes , I think the story be that martha be look for a may for a movie she be work on and ... Mrs. page - fletcher turn and address Cheryl . mrs . page-fletcher ( continue ) «-.and father happen to be interested in invest in something for the color people . Mrs. page - fletcher turn and look at diana . diana you mean he buy the speakeasy ? mrs . page-fletcher oh no , I do not think he do . that be so long ago dear . cheryl ' yes he do , diana . and if I be remember this right , he , Father , buy the club and immediately sell it . mra. page - fletcher and diana look and listen to Cheryl . cheryl ( continue ) .». for a half 'a million to reginald brook , a color , just before the Depression hit . brook go . bankrupt and eventually hang , : himself ... ' : mrs . page-fletcher oh . how disturbing . ( change subject ) yes , martha find the Richards ' girl dance in the chorus of some club . cheryl ( heat ) - ~ : be not they relationship more than that :... I mean they move to ...to Hollywood together ? 86 video 46 . int . page -fletcher - live room continued mrs . page-fletcher really . if I remember the story correctly martha be do well in Hollywood and encourage she former cast to come and audition for role in she new picture . cheryl I see . I guess my ...story ... be all wrong . mrs . page -fletcher you be not try to infer something go on between the two of they ? Mrs. page - fletcher look back and forth between diana and Cheryl with she eye wide open . diana '' '' well , you see Cheryl be make a video documentary about fae Richards who ... cheryl ( cut diana off ) ..- who be lover with you sister . Mrs. page - fletcher stand up . mrs . page-fletcher my sister be not that type of woman . I have tell every writer who ask about martha this . martha be a brilliant woman who have the courage to break into a industry dominate by man . — Mrs. page - fletcher regains she composure . diana look at Cheryl then at Mrs. page - fletcher . cheryl ( look at Mrs. page - fletcher ) come ony ++ I think you know that fae.and martha be intimate , Mrs. page - fletcher . Mrs ' page - fletcher look at Cheryl stunne . " cheryl . what ? 's wrong. ( pause ) have i. shocked you with some truth ? everyone know that you sister be , .. that way . I have come across several book and article that support this fact . cheryl. look confidently at Mrs. page - fletcher . Mrs. page - : fletcher turn violently red . diana Cheryl ! 87 46 . int page -fletcher live room video continued '' page-fletcher I be afraid you and you friend will have to leave . Cheryl lean forward with a fiery look in she eye . - cheryl Fine . I think I have get what I need . ( turn to diana ) and to tell you the truth , ( pause ) I do not need people like she to confirm anything . besides I know that fae Richards dumped she sister anyway . diana continue to look at Cheryl then turn to Mrs. page - fletcher who , still stand , look away from Cheryl . the older Black woman walk in . older black woman _ be there some problem , Mrs. page - fletcher ? Cheryl stand up and look in the eye of the older Black woman . Cheryl shake she head . cheryl I be get out of here . Cheryl proceed to remove the mike from Mrs. page - fletcher and walk out of frame . out of focus shakey image of diana , Mrs. page - fletcher , Black woman and the room be see as Cheryl pack the camera up with out turn it off . we hear the camera movement too . diana Cheryl be you sure ... ( pause ) Mrs. page - fletcher please , she 's be work on this project and be just a little angry . she 's mrs . page-fletcher be not they all just a little angry ? . there be silence . Cheryl focus camera on c.u.. of Mrs. page - fletcher . camera pan * to diana who look at Mrs. page fletcher . : diana - you know what , ( pause ) you be . a old witch be not you . ( to Cheryl ) let 's go Cheryl ! os 88 47 . int - page -fletcher 's apt . front door video black Heard be Cheryl and diana . a door be hear close and movement and footstep be hear . there be silence and sound of a elevator be hear . cheryl ( v.0 . ) I get a shot of the bitch say that racist ' phit . -- and a black may too ... so fuck up ! diana ( v.0 . ) I be sorry Cheryl . silence and elevator sound be hear . diana ( v.0 . ) you know you be really sexy when you get mad though . CUT to : 48 . archival film clip wewsreel super 8 archival newsreel from the 30' be see . a narrator be hear in V o describe footage . see be super 8 mm of fae shaking hand with the naacp and fae and J. Liberty location scout . heard be a narrator describe the naacp footage and describe the beginning of J. Liberty Wells ' Liberty studios and he casting of fae Richards in he first film soul of deceit . see Doug and Cheryl for detailed script cur to : 49 . int cheryl 's apt . day v , video . Cheryl be see in shoulder - up in front of wall cover — with black film poster 1930 ' - 1940' ..: cheryl well enough time spend research anything that have to do with martha page and fae. ( pause ) seem like it 's they story that history have kinda remember and ' want to forget . ( pause ) and I . know fae have more go on in she life than be with that '' woman .... she have to ... she could not have vanish like all the other black woman actress do ... she be too special ... too beautiful . too important for my history . ( pause ) Black lesbian , the invisible other . 89 CUT to : 50 . int video store day film M.S. Annie be see look through she backpack at the counter . Annie pull out a newsletter and walk towards tamara and Cheryl at the counter . ~ camera pan / dolly back to M.S. of the trio . . annie here it be . the lesbian herstory Archives . see . its near this rave I go to in Brooklyn . Cheryl take the newsletter from Annie 's hand and look at it . tamara look over Cheryl 's shoulder make a cynical face . tamara you be go all the way to Brooklyn . ( pause ) for what ?.... to find out that they only have stuff on white lesbian right , a Cheryl . annie they actually have this great '' Black '' lesbian collection tamara . | ~ tamara and Annie exchange a cold look . Cheryl continue to read the newsletter . for cheryl € she 's right . ( pause ) that 's great Annie , thanks . annie . no problem . and I be actually drive up there soon to visit ' friend , if you need a ride . tamara «= my you be such a sweet helpful little thing , Annie . - I bet you even noe . know a good place to get a clit pierce . Cheryl turn and look angrily at tamara . cheryl - tamara ( pause ) I be serious ... do not go there with she . _ annie / ( to Cheryl ) that 's ok Cheryl . she 's just jealous . ' tamara right . . o~ : annie ( to tamara ) - just because I be different . from . you do not mean you have to treat I like shit all the time . 50 . int video store _ day film continued tamara oh , I hurt you little feeling , I be sorry . annie you suck . tamara walk and stand next to Cheryl . tamara ( raise voice } do you hear that Cheryl , I suck . l.s. of bob. Bob enter the store , walk to counter and look at tamara , Cheryl and Annie : bob ° Problem , lady ? back to M.S. of tamara , Cheryl , Annie and Bob . tamara , Cheryl and Annie look at Bob . Cheryl reach under the counter and remove a white binder with the word ' work schedule " on the side : : cheryl no , bob. ( pause ) I be just try to convince tamara here to work for I next Friday . ( pause ) I have to go to NY with Annie . tamara shift and look in binder . tamara right ( pause ) ... and Cheryl here . be go to work for I on Sunday and Monday ( to Cheryl ) . right buddy ? bob . well who ever be schedyle to work remember we open late that Sunday . ( to Annie ) how 's it go Annie . get the hang of . thing , yet . . . annie : . . 's Bob I have be work here for several month now . bob . . a oh. ( pause ) time fly do not it lady ? Bob walk past the Trio and towards . he office . tamara turn , smile at Bob then look coldly at Cheryl : 91 - 50 . int video store day . film continued tamara ( look at Cheryl ) time do fly Bob and people do change . CUT to : 51 . int lesbiam herstory archive day video Cheryl and Annie visit the lesbian herstory Archives . Annie work the camera while Cheryl talk with the archivist , a hippish , attractive 40ish white lesbian name , mj . Cheryl be see talk to m.j. mj . most of we file be not organize like that . heck most of be file be still in box . ( pause ) we try to do three thing with donate material : categorize , log , then store . we would love to -. circulate material but we need fore. volunteer to organize that project . cheryl and what about the show on black lesbian ? be that a separate collection ? mj . it sure be . its one of we circulate collection . it do not have all of we material on black lesbian , just the stuff that woman give the 0.k. to show. ( pause ) let 's see if . I can get it for you . mj walk out of the room . Cheryl be see look at the. book on the bookshelf . . she remove a book and show its cover to the camera . cheryl dykesville by ( author ) . as ' mj speak , Cheryl look . at , and annie. film the Black lesbian archive display . camera slowly pan the display , Cheryl and mj . MI this here be a map.of the testian and gay hangout popular in Manhattan during the 1920' and 1930' . . Cheryl pick up map and show it to the camera / Annie . = 9 ~ cheryl wow . look . like there be more dyke bar then . 92 51 . iwt lesbian herstory archive day video continued mj they all be not strictly lesbian . many be speakeasy where the young white debutante crowd would travel uptown late night for '' yardbird and string . '' annie ( 0.8 . ) what ? mj fry chicken and spaghetti... a late night snack follow by a shot of one hundred proof tea . cheryl tea party . ( pause ) I be read about they . ( pause ) get any stuff on club in Philadelphia ? mj actually there be several in Philly . a woman recently donate a whole box of stuff on philadelphian lesbian life . mj walk to a stack of box in the corner . Cheryl follow follow by Annie with the camera : mj open one and pull out a tatter box . have not really sort through the stuff , but you be welcome to have a look . Cheryl ' pick 's up a stack of the picture and shuffles through they . cheryl oh my God ... this be fae Richards sing ! ( pause ) who donate this stuff ? Cheryl show the photo to the camera . fae Richard 's stand on a dark stage sing . m.j. notice Cheryl show photo to the camera . MI wait just a minute kiddo , this information be confidential . mj start put stuff back in box . | Cheryl quickly turn the picture around . written on the back be , " to June Walker , a special friend . " Cheryl move the photo and smile to the camera and make a happy eye gesture . 93 51 . int lesbian herstory archive day video continued cheryl I be sorry . I forget . how can I find out who donate this stuff ? mj take picture from Cheryl and put it in box . mj I will ask Stephanie about get in touch with the woman who donate the material . ( pause ) let I put this away ... mj close box and move it another room . cheryl {to Annie ) I can not believe it . annie ( 0.s. ) be not you glad we come ? cheryl ( to Annie ) Annie ... you do good . cur to : 52 . int diana' apt . | evening film . M.S. high angle . Cheryl and diana be hear in bed make love . black be see then the image of they two body cut into the black . they image strobe in and - out of the black get faster and faster , almost freeze frame like . music be hear . m.s.of Cheryl and diana . : Cheryl and diana be see sit up in bed : diana ( sing ) - '' truly scrumptious ... you be truly , truly scrumptious . " cheryl and diana ( laugh and sing together ) : '' scrumptious as 'a blah blah blah in May . " diana ( sing ) " when I be near you .. you truly truly scrumptious . '' Cheryl laugh . 94 §2 . int diana' apt . evening film continued cheryl i I wish I remember the word ... '' sound of music , '' right ? diana ~*~ 's no silly , '' chitty chitty bang bang . '' cheryl go on , sing another one . I like how you sing . diana ummm ... I do not know . I can not think of one on the spot . cheryl come on . do not be shy now . anything . diana i ok . ; diana sit upright and sing : diana ( she sing the open line a 70' rock and Roll classic ) . Cheryl look at she with a stunne expression . diana finish and look at Cheryl . Cheryl sit up a bit . a ) cheryl where ever do you learn the line to that ? I diana be not that the theme song at you prom ? be . cheryl | i diana , darling do not forget that I be black . at we prom the jam be '' sail on , '' by the commodore . diana . my boyfriend be black and we sing the word together . . Cheryl smile and shake she head : : 's cheryl | , you have a black boyfriend in high school ? be : diana . : two ...no three black boyfriend . 7 cheryl . ao what do you parerit say ? io 95 52 . int diana' apt . evening film continued . diana nothing . they be liberal hippie type . my father 's sister 's first husband be a ex-panther . Cheryl start to laugh . diana half join in . diana and he name be ... tyrone Washington . Cheryl laugh harder . diana ( laugh ) what 's so funny , Cheryl ? diana sit up and get out of the bed . . cheryl ° you be just a mess that 's all . Cheryl get out of bed . - diana what 's that suppose to mean ? m.s./ diana 's p.0.v. of Cheryl . Cheryl put on she clothing : cheryl nothing . ( change subject ) look I have to go and do some work on the project . M.S. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of diana . diana sit in bed look angry : diana ( heat ) . the project can wait , Cheryl . ( beat ) I want you to tell I what you mean first . back to m.s./ diana 's p.o.v. of Cheryl . . Cheryl dress avoid eye contact with ' diana : cheryl '' I - do not know what I mean . ( pause ) I really do have to go . back to M.S. / Cheryl 's p.0. V of diana : diana you know this project be become you crutch . | '' ' my 2 96 52 .. int dianwa' apt . ' bvening film . continued back to m.s./ diana 's p.o.v. of Cheryl : . cheryl how can you say that , diana . if you be try to get I to stay , you do not need to mention the project . Cheryl stand sloppily dress and look at diana . back to M.S. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of diana : diana sheepishly smile to herself . diana just go. ( pause ) I '11 talk to you later . CUT to : photo see be a photo of olympia theater in 1930' . title : olympia theater -1932 appear over photo . heard be street sound . 53 . ext south STREET day vireo l.s. of tamara stand in front.of a abandon building . Cheryl be behind the camera 0.s. : cheryl ( o.s. ) move to the side tamara . tamara step to side and fold she arm . the title " the olympia , 1995 " ' appear over image . tamara Don ' t get smart with I .. remember you ask for my help . photo see be a photo of the standard in 1929 . title " the Standard " appear over photo . Heard be footstep , street sound of tamara and Cheryl walk . music be hear . : tamara ( 0.8 . ) dag. Philly be jump back then , be not it ? cheryl ( 0.8 . ) better than today . ( pause ) it 's just around the corner . 2412 South . 97 - 53 . ext ° south STREET day video continued l.s. of abandon lot . see be a empty lot . tamara walk into lot and pick up a break bottle : tamara damn ! what a shame . cheryl ( 0.8 . ) I know . black heard be disturbing 1930 's jazzy club music as the title " the dunbar theater , 1935 - - no exist photo " appear over black . l.s. of a convenience store . photo a see be a photo of the royal . the title " the Royal theater , 1934 " appear over image . l.s. of Royal theater . the Royal . still stand burn out . . the sound of a ambulance be hear . it + grow louder and louder and drown out the jazz . 54 . int cheril be apt . day yipeo ' see be a table phone and phone book . Cheryl walk in frame and look into camera . cheryl watch this folk . Cheryl open phone book . cheryl let 's see if June Walker be list . Cheryl search through the phone book . cheryl and here she be right in the white page . Cheryl pick up phone , dial and wait for answer . * if 98 54 . int . cheril be apt . day video continued , cheryl hello be this June Walker ?... I get you name from the lesbian herstory archive . my name be Cheryl and I be a ... filmmaker ... yes .. yes I be a sister ... yes , ... ( laugh ) ... some people think I be cute but ... well they be take good care of they ... I be actually work on a video project about fae - Richards ... Cheryl doodle and re-write June Walker 's number . cheryl she sure be ... I know I see that picture of you two ... yes ... but I want to know if you have anymore , like one with Ms. Richards and -- martha page ... I see . but some be interested ... stank bitch , really ?... no she do not ... Cheryl start to pace around kitchen . '' cheryl look , do you think I could come over and talk to you ... maybe even interview you for this project . ( pause ) no , it 's a personal project it would only be I and possibly one other person ... I know but ... just I then ... really ?... yes ma'am ... when be that .... yes we need to document we life . what ?... I know how to cook pretty good ... I use smoke turkey wing not pork . why do you ask ? Cheryl smile . cheryl ok .... yes ma'am ... ok ... i'1l be there at 1...0k , 11 , with lunch in hand . bye.. and thank you June , bye . Cheryl turn to . camera smile and jump in the air . cheryl whooot CUT to : 55 . ext row house front door day film M.S. Cheryl be see violently ringing a doorbell of a row house . she hold video equipment and a bag with food . the front door of the adjoin house open and a young black woman emerge in be * C 99 55 . - bit row house front door day film continued — c.u. / Cheryl 's p.0o . V of Young Black woman : young black woman if you look for miss June she 's not there . c.u. / Young Black woman 's p.0.v. of Cheryl : cheryl I be suppose to meet with she today ... for lunch . back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of Young Black woman : young black woman I know . she tell I . ( pause ) you the girl who use turkey wing in she green right ? back to c.u. / Young Black woman 's p.o.v. of Cheryl : " cheryl ( laugh ) yeah . will she be back soon ? back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of Young Black woman : young black woman ambulance come yesterday and take she off to the hospital . back to c.u. / Young Black woman 's p.0.v. of Cheryl : cheryl ( upset ) no ! what happen ? back to.c.u./ Cheryl 's p.o.v of Young Black woman : young black woman she be have heart pain all week . - i. come over the other day . and call the ambulance . for she . back to c.u. / Young Black woman 's p.o:v. of Cheryl Cheryl look shocked and sad : . back to €.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of Young Black woman : young black woman she tell I to give you this though . Young Black woman walk into house . | Young Black woman re-emerges . with old ' accordion file and a white envelope . Cheryl look at it for a minute . 6 woo 100 55 . ext row house front door , day film continued young black woman you go to be able to carry it ? back to c.u. / Young Black woman 's p.o.v. of Cheryl : : cheryl oh. yes I have a backpack ... but here , ( pause ) take this food I bring for miss June . back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of Young Black woman : young black woman no ... I can not .... back to c.u. / Young Black woman 's p.o.v. of Cheryl : cheryl please ... have you ever taste green with smoke turkey - wing ? back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of Young Black woman . Young Black woman take bag of food . young black woman thank you . ( pause ) why do not you join I ? Young Black woman smile . back to c.u. / Young Black woman 's p.o.v. of Cheryl : cheryl I can not . ( pause ) do you know which hospital they take she to ? back to c.u. / Cheryl 's p.o.v of Young Black woman . young black woman no. but she tell I she would call tonight . back to c.u. / Young Black woman 's p.0.v. of Cheryl : cheryl | , . . take ny number and let I know where she be so I can talk to she . : Cheryl pull paper and pen out of she pocket . she scribbles she number on it and hand it to young Black woman . cheryl please , do not forget to call . C : 101 55 . eur row house front door day film continued M.S. of Black woman and Cheryl . camera pan follow Cheryl as she pick up equipment while walk down step . Cheryl walk to the sidewalk and hesitates . c.u. of Cheryl . Cheryl look in the folder and make a discourage face then walk out of frame . CUT to : 56 . ext CITY STREET same day l.s. truck shot . Cheryl aimlessly walk through a Philadelphia neighborhood street fill with people . heard be Cheryl 's voice read JUNE letter . Cheryl 's read slowly dissolves to JUNE 's voice , a 65 year old black woman , ~~~ ~~ - — — read letter . cheryl ( vv 0 ) i be not : sure why I be give you this stuff . maybe it 's because I be old and have nothing better to do with my time . it 's more like I want to meet you to tell you how I feel and what i. know about my beloved fae . I be mad that you ... June 's voice be hear read letter . beneath June 's read music be softly hear . JUNE ( V 0 ) -«-. want to know about fae and she relationship with that . page woman yet you call yourself work .on a project about fae , the Black actress yet you have to include a white woman . whether you be in the family or not , if you be black you have to stick to it . it 's all that we have . we picture , we storey be all that 's leave of the life we dare to live back then . I hope I be not jump the gun by say all this but somebody better set you straight and it best be I . who love and live with fae until she die , ' l.s. - of Cheryl and woman STREET singer . Cheryl stop walk and listen to . a woman STREET singer . heard beneath June 's read be street Singer 's music . June . ( continue v.0 . ) fae never really . talk about she watermelon year and I never care to ‘ask . I think it troubled she soul to have the world see she like that . : 3 102 56 . ext . CITY STREET same day film continued . JUNE ( v /o ) but I know she be good ... she be good at everything she do . she paved the way for kid like you to run around make movie project about the past and how we live then . ( pause ) I wish she be around cause I know she would say a thing or two to set you straight ... you have it all wrong . l.s. of Cheryl and woman STREET singer . Cheryl take money out of she pocket , place it in case / hat in front of singer , and walk out of frame . the Singer continue to play . JUNE ncontinue v.0 . ) if you be really in the family , you better understand that we family will always have only each other . please Cheryl , make we history before we be all dead and go . ( pause ) I have include some of the photo she have leave of back then . I should have throw they out but maybe now you ' can make what be wrong right . I hope this note guide you on that right path to use they properly . ( pause ) I have be in the hospital before so do not worry none . I get friend there . I get friend everywhere . CUT to : 57 . ext CITY STREET ' same day eillm m.s.of Cheryl at a pay phone hold receiver : cheryl yeah . it 's I . 57a . int . video store same time film M.S. of tamara on phone in video store : . you do not sound like you . ( pause ) guéss ' what ? Stacey and I be go to the poconos ... tonight and for the rest of the weekend . can you work for I ? 57 . back to M.S. of Cheryl : cheryl I do not know . ( pause ) you know I go to visit fae 's lover , right ? 103 57a . int . video store same time film . continued back to M.S. of tamara : tamara yeah , but do you hear the part about Stacey and I ? 57 . back to M.S. of Cheryl : cheryl yes , tamara !t but do you hear I ? 57a . back to M.S. of tamara . tamara be see in the foreground and Bob be see walk behind she in background . tamara pretend to be preoccupy with enter information on the computer : s7a . M.S. of tamara on phone in video store : tamara . Kool and the gang , Cheryl . I hear you . 57 . back to M.S. of Cheryl : cheryl well I go and she next door neighbor say she be in the hospital and ... s7a . back to M.S. of tamara : tamara '' ( un-enthusiastically ) no way . - 57 . back to M.S. of Cheryl : cheryl = . ++- she leave I this note in which she read I about some deep shit . I do not even know the woman but it really get to I . let 2 k I read this one part.to you . : 57a . back to M.S. of tamara : tamara * ( whisper ) read quick , Bob 's here . clocking I . _ aman walk to the counter . Bob , give : tamara the '' eye " and walk - to foreground to wait on the man . . bob can I help you ? ) 104 57a . int . video store same time film continued tamara Cheryl ... Cheryl I get to go .... call back ina bit . ok ? 57 . back to M.S. of Cheryl : Cheryl be see silently cry , hold the receiver to the pay phone . cheryl yeah . 57a . back to M.S. of tamara , Bob and man : tamara just come by the store , Cheryl . : CUT to : 58 . photo flash flashed on the screen in quick progression be the photo give to Cheryl by JUNE . music be hear . photo / page kissing fae at a speakeasy . photo / page and fae in park . photo / publicity shot of fae dress as a may look silly . photo / fae and page in Hollywood . super San page and fae at Hollywood party . image freeze on the two of they wave to camera . CUT to : 59 . ext south STREET day film l.s. hand held of Cheryl hold the video camera in she hand while nose around the rubble . of a abandon store front . l.s. pan of cop 1 and cop 2 . cop 1 , 304 white man , and cop 2 , 30 + Black man , walk they beat and spot Cheryl . they walk towards she : . cop 1 why it 's we little crack head thief . CUT to : 315 . ext . south STREET day l.s. hand held of Cheryl hold the video camera in she hand while nose around the rubble of a abandon store '' front on South Street . the sign on the building 's door read . '' ' no tresspasing . ' she pull a wrench out of the bag she — carrys and start to forcibly hit the rusted lock on the building 's door with the wrench . cheryl ( to self ) damn !.... this lock be not as old as it look . Cheryl continue to hammer away at the lock . cheryl ( to self ) . I do not care what the sign say , I have get to get inside ... .now ! 316 . l.s. pan of cop 1 and cop 2 cop 1 , 30 + white man , and cop 2 , 30 + Black man , walk they beat and spot Cheryl . Cheryl stop hammer and put the wrench back in she bag . they walk towards she : cop 1 I wonder what that kid be up to ? cop 2 take out he billy club and walk to other side of . cheryl. camera follow action . cop 2 what do you think you be do ? cheryl just look and mindin ' my business . cop 1 rest he hand on he gun and walk to other side of Cheryl box she in . . cop 1 . mind you business 1 boy do not . you know that 's private property . ( pause ) where would you get the camera ? cheryl ' ' Excuse I , but I be hot a boy . cop 2 De not trip on we you freak , you look like a boy . let 's just see you id . cheryl I do not have it on I . camera pan to a passery by who stop and watch then pan back to action . Cheryl pick up she video camera . cop 1 a smart ass with no id , possible steal property ... cop 2 +-- and trespasp . cop 1 yeah trespasp . ( pause ) I think you be go to have to come with we . cop 1 grab Cheryl 's arm while cop 2 grab the camera from ~ she . cheryl get you hand off of I ! I do not do anything ! cop 1 push Cheryl against the wall and force she hand above she head . cheryl this be really ridiculous . I be sorry , Sir ... I know I be trespasp but I be sure ... cop 1 it 's too late for that now . I be sick of punk nigger think you can just say whatever the hell you feel like say . it 's time to teach you a lesson . cop 2 grab Cheryl 's wrist and handcuffs they . cheryl hey , fuck you guy ... you hurt meet . the cop 1 push at Cheryl . cop 1 walkl cop 2 , I will call for a wagon . camera hold on trio walk away from camera . people be see watch . CUT to : 317 . inv. police station later M.S. of Cheryl sit in a small room with a big table . cheryl ( to herself ) shit ! Cheryl bang table and rest head on it . a police woman enter room and stand behind Cheryl : police woman let 's go , doll . you have be bail out . cheryl where 's my camera ? I want my camera back . * police woman do you want to go or stay . ( pause ) let 's go . Cheryl stand and exit room . the Police woman follow . CUT to : 107 CUT to : '' ~ 61 . ext police station a bit later film l.s. of diana as she stand in front of the station . Cheryl exit and walk towards she and stand look around : mn cheryl : where be tamara ? I call tamara .. . diana she call I from the store . she could not leave cause she 's the only one there . cheryl great ( pause ) they take my camera . and they think I be a crack head . Cheryl walk away from diana and diana follow . camera dolly follow they action . diana be that all you can say to I ? of ~ Cheryl walk down the street , in front of diana . cheryl I do not ask you to come . I ask tamara to come . diana do not give I attitude Cheryl . I just bail you out . Cheryl stop walk . diana walk in front of she and stand . a black couple be see in background watch they . cheryl I do not ask you to bail I out ; diana . diana embrace Cheryl . Cheryl pull back and move away . Cheryl ' look at the Black couple . the Black couple look at Cheryl . . diana look at Black couple , then at Cheryl : diana ' what be wrong with you ? a hour. ago you be sit alone in a jail cell feel like shit . I come to you rescue and now I get : : treat like shit . - Cheryl look at diana coldly . ' cheryl -~ diana , you have to leave I alone right now , ok . ( scream ) just : leave I the fuck alone ! . 108 61 . ext police station a bit later filk continued Cheryl walk out of frame . the Black couple and diana watch she leave . diana begin to cry . diana ok , Cheryl . I will leave you alone . ( pause ) bitch ! diana walk out of the opposite frame . the Black couple stand shaking they head ... CUT to : 62 . int cheryl' apt day video black Cheryl be hear . black be see . cheryl I be speak to you now on a‘tape recorder because the police ... keep the camera . I know they will never give it back but tamara -~ ' ) ~— - ~~ and I plan to go tomorrow and complain . ( pause ) I quit my job yesterday . I just do not show up . Bob keep call and call . ( pause ) I fuck up royally with diana . I try to call she but ' she will not answer . ( pause ) I do not know -- but -~ I guess thing happen for a reason , you know what I mean . I have to finish this film and move on . ( pause ) it 's like you work on something hope to learn something , and then you move on . ( pause ) if there be one lesson to learn about this project it 's move on ... that 's what fae do . she move on from be just a singer to a movie star , ... then she be lover with a martha page , then she move back to Philly to be with June , ... then she die . ( pause ) she be in control of she life and do - what she want . she - call herself the watermelon woman and live , as the watermelon woman until she want to be ... to be herself . ( pause ) I guess that 's what I learn from this project ... be yourself cause you ns know what , that the only person . who you can he . paper be hear shuffle and music be hear . 63 . photo momtage see be photograph of fae Richards ' life the follow title appear over each picture . close credit . be insert between photo . music be hear . = oo photo > ' fae Richards , winner of the beechy beechum bicarbonate jingle Contest , Philadelphia , 1922 . ~ 63 . photo montage continued photo oscar Williams , fae 's first and only male companion , and fae , North Philadelphia , 1923 . photo reba Richards , fae 's baby sister , portrait by Cohen brother 's . photo Palace , Broad Street , Philadelphia , 1924 . photo Fred De shield , fae 's favorite " boyfriend , " strawberry mansion Bridge , Philadelphia , 1925 . photo fae and friend at josie 's rent party , South Street , Philadelphia , 1926 . photo ~ fae '' watermelon woman " Richards and Sandra Vincent in '' Jersey girl , " Newark Studio , 1931 . photo martha and fae , picnic at Garden State Park , 1933 . photo fae arid the girl at the hotspot , harlem , 1933 . photo Film still , " Louisiana Lady , " fae Richards , a page / Newark production , 1933 . photo . martha and fae in martha 's new brentwaod home , 1935 . photo . fae , reba and Fred De shield at fae 's , inglewood , CA , 1935 . photo the watermelon woman 's most popular publicity still , silverstar picture , 1936 . photo . Hollywood gala at talula 's , ; 1936 . photo . Film still , " Mr. owen meet his Match , " with Claude thornton and the watermelon woman , 1937 . photo ° . , Film still , " Plantation memories , " 1937 . 109 C 110 63 . photo montage continued . photo fae 's glamour series , Hollywood , by monsieur Max , 1938 . photo still from screen test for " merry - go-round , " cassandra brooke , fae Richards and willa Clarke , silverstar picture , 1938 . the film be never release . . - Press photo , fae Richards greet by the naacp , Philadelphia , 1939 . photo fae sign contract with J. Liberty well , president , Liberty studios , 1940 . ° photo fae Richards , by Kenny Long , Philadelphia , 1940 . photo ~ Film still , " soul of deceit , " J. Liberty Wells and fae Richards , 1941 . photo : Film still , " Mr. and Mrs. Big , '' Liberty Studio , Philadelphia , 1942 . : photo Film still , " Black gun , " fae Richards and Ray blake , Philadelphia , 1942 . : photo " when thing go Blue , " fae Richards at the Standard , South Street , Philadelphia , 1944 . : ' photo fae 's 57th birthday , fae and June 's , Philadelphia , 1957 . photo . June as the champ , West oak Lane , Philadelphia , 1962 . photo : fae and June on a stroll , Center City , Philadelphia , 1966 . photo fae in Sunday best , West oak Lane , Philadelphia , 1973 . camera pull out to reveal that this photo be on -a funeral handbill . the title read , fae Richards , 1908-1985 . 111 CUT to : 64 . int . studio day video see in front of camera be Cheryl . she smile at the camera then put on sunglass . she look off screen and gesture for tamara to enter frame . tamara enter frame , she also wear sunglass . the two woman play ' cool ' in front of the camera and put they arm around each other 's shoulder . Cheryl turn and gesture for diana to enter frame . diana enter frame and stand on other side of Cheryl . tamara look over at she and shake she head . Cheryl pinch she and she rub she arm . Cheryl kiss diana 's cheek then tamara 's cheek . the trio look into the camera and smile . the end