the fifth element a original script by luc besson revision by luc besson and Robert Mark kamen August 1995 draft gaumont and Les film du dauphin fade in : 1 ext . desert nile river valley - day somewhere in the Nile at the edge of the desert . credit roll written : egypt 1913 omar and he mule zigzag along the bottom of sun scorched dune . 2 ext . temple excavation - day the mule and the boy finally reach a camp . a few tent dwarf by a huge temple door jutting out of the sand . the camp be desert except for some kid by the temple entrance hold large mirror , reflect light into the temple . Omar leave he mule in the shade , seize two goatskin and slip inside the temple . 3 int . temple - day Omar make he way uneasily down a pillare corridor that open into a vast room where a old scientist stand on a small wooden ladder in front of the wall across the room . professor massimo pacoli . a young man be beside he , billy masterson , age 25 , a american student . he have a large sketchpad in he hand . behind they aziz , age 10 , whose job be to hold the last mirror which shine light into the expansive room . professor ( decipher ) " .. when the three planet be in eclipse . . " his finger trace across the wall which be cover with symbol and strange hieroglyphs as he decipher . professor " .. the black hole like a door be open ... evil come ... sow terror and chaos ... " see ? the snake , billy . the ultimate evil ... make sure you get the snake ! the Professor point emphatically to the snake , the symbol of evil , come through the door between the three planet in eclipse . c.u. billy 's hand sketches the snake quickly . he be a natural artist . billy and when be this door open snake act suppose to occur ? the Professor 's finger touch the sign . professor .. if this be the five .. and this the thousand .. he calculate . professor every five thousand year .. billy ( kid ) so I have some time .. he reach for the pad . angle on : Omar . stand at the entrance to the chamber with the water bag , entrance by the sight . a skeletal hand fall on he shoulder . Omar turn to a ancient priest in a rough mill black cannock . priest I will take it to they my son . startle but obedient , Omar give the water bag to the Priest . priest go with God .. be safe from evil .. the Priest make the sign of the Cross on the boy 's forehead , dismiss he . as soon as he be go , the Priest turn a worried eye to the Professor . angle on : the Professor be back to translate , billy to sketching . professor " .. then arrange the element of life against the terror just so .. " his finger run on . professor " .. water..fire..earth..air.. four element around the fifth .. " his finger fall on the one element that have a human shape , surround by all the other . the Priest open the water skin and begin to pour a vial of powder into the skin . angle on : Aziz fall asleep . the mirror fall , the light fail . professor Aziz ! Light ! the boy struggle to stay awake . the mirror come up . priest Lord forgive I .. they already know too , much .. professor " .. in which all the history of the Universe reside .. all the strength .. all the hope .. protect we from evil . . " priest ( v.o. ) amen .. the Professor turn to the Priest who be pour water into a tin cup from the skin . professor Father .. it in the most extraordinary thing .. the great find in history .. can you imagine the implication . priest only too well ... here you must be parched .. he hand the cup to the Professor . the Professor take it , have it almost to he lip when .. professor I mean look .. it be like a battle plan .. in he excitement he do not drink , much to the Priest 's chagrin . professor here the good .. here the evil .. as the Priest look up , Aziz the mirror boy , tip he mouth under the water skin , drink the leakage . professor here .. he point to the five element . professor a weapon against evil . amazing ! I be go to be famous . priest then let we toast to you fame ! here billy .. the Priest hand billy a cup . priest drink ! professor to fame .. salud .. the Professor raise the cup to drink , and then ... professor we cannot toast with water .. billy ! in my sack .. the grappa ! the Priest watch , disconsolate , as the Professor toss away he water . billy finish he cup before run off into the tunnel . 4 ext . colonnade - day a muffle SOUND grow steadily louder . outside , a monstrous linear shadow disturb the kid 's game and gradually darken the temple entrance . 5 int . tunnel - day billy be look for the grappa in the Professor 's bag . he come upon a machine pistol . when the muffle SOUND suddenly grab he attention . he lean toward the corridor and see part of a spaceship appear . billy be paralyze . 6 int . temple room - day the Professor keep read over the inscription . professor " .. this perfect person .. this perfect be .. " I do not understand this .. perfect ? professor where be that boy ? billy ! 7 int . tunnel - day billy press himself against the wall , in the shadow , terrify , but sketching away like mad , as large shadow figure lumber past he . he begin to blink , feel the effect of the Priest 's potion .. 8 int . temple room - day the Professor read the wall . professor and this divine Light they talk about .. what be Divine light ? at that moment , the reflection from Aziz 's mirror drop again . the light fail . professor ( without turn ) Aziz light ! the room be flood with light all of the sudden . professor better .. this be the most unbelievable thing I have ever see .. the Professor turn around , and be stunne speechless to find himself face to face with two mondoshawans . a dozen other fill the hall man the source of the light , large luminous globe . Aziz be fast asleep . professor ( uncomprehend ) ... uh , yes ? the Professor be lift up and carry off to the side by the alien . the kommander stop in front of the Priest who be still on he knee , face to the ground . priest master ... he be about to discover everything , but I have the situation under control . the two mondoshawan guard hold the professor three foot off the ground . professor ( in a panic ) who be you ? be you Germans ? sprechen sie deutsch ? 9 int . tunnel billy stagger forward , a machine pistol in he hand . 10 int . temple room the kommander hold out he hand to the Priest . priest what do I do wrong ? the Priest jump to he foot excitedly . kommander servant , you and the thousand guard before you ... you have do you work well , but we have to recover the element . War will soon engulf you planet . we must keep they safe . the kommander go over to the wall and seem to be look for a lock . he find it and slide in he metallic finger which be more intricate than a key to a safe . he turn he hand , activate a mechanism that open the wall . professor unbelievable !!! the kommander turn around and crook a finger . one of the mondoshawans wave he hand , put the professor to sleep and head down the hallway reveal by the open . he be follow by he man . the Priest slip in behind they . 11 int . room 2 temple - day the kommander step into a vast room . the ceiling be very high , pyramid - shape . in each corner of the room , four vessel contain four rectangular twelve - inch stone - , the four element . in the middle , a opaque sarcophagus rest on a altar . the kommander stop and contemplate it a moment . priest ( to himself ) the fifth element ... kommander take they and put they in a safe place . his man carry out he order . 12 int . room 1 temple - day billy stagger across the floor , struggle to stay awake . 13 int . room 2 temple - day the kommander open a case . his man come and put the four , precious stone in it , one by one . priest ( move ) will the element be go now forever from this place ? kommander when mankind come to its sense . we will return . priest know mankind as I do , that could take century ! kommander time be of no importance , only life be important . the Priest nod and lower he eye . angle on : billy staggering forward , raise he pistol , blink he eye to focus .. a mondoshawan put the fourth element in the case the kommander shut the case and look at the Priest . kommander when evil return so shall we . priest ( head lower ) we will be ready , Lord . billy suddenly stagger into the room , brandish he gun . billy stop . billy trip , the gun go off . he empty the clip . the mondoshawan carry the case crumple to the ground . the wall immediately begin to close . billy fire wildly , unable to control the powerful kick gun . priest no !!! do not !!! the Priest rush billy . the weapon have such a kick to it that billy start shoot into the air , back up , then stumble and knock himself out . the Priest be on the ground , seriously wounded . so be the kommander . the warrior be in a panic . clerk hurry , kommander ! the wall 's close !!! the wall continue to close . Sand pour in from everywhere . the vast room fill up like a hourglass . kommander a mission be a mission , savoia . you will learn that . the kommander pick up the case and reach the wall but can not get through it . his armor be too bulky , the open too small . he manage to get he arm and the case through . kommander my apology to General kroi -- and my wife .. the wall close , crush he arm . the clerk scoops up the case and run through the huge pile of sand . 14 ext . colonnade - day the clerk board the ship carry the case . Omar hide in a corner , frighten to death , hugging billy 's bag of drawing . 15 int . temple room - day the room fill with sand . the Priest 's body be soon bury . 16 ext . desert - day the huge ship 's main hatch close . 17 ext . temple - day the ship lift off and speed away . Omar emerge from the temple gape at the ship as it vanish in the sky . 18 ext . pyramid a gigantic shoot star flash above the pyramid . 19 ext . earth orbit the ship pass in front of we and head for the star disappear at unbelievable speed . the background be a star-spatter cosmos . written : 500 year later another , more modern , spaceship , fill the screen . a warship belong to the Federal Army . 20 int . spaceship control room cu of a digital control screen . Three planet project three straight line that crisscross at one point . identical to the one observe by the professor on the temple wall . general staedert look out through the ship 's window at one of the three huge planet in eclipse . staedert do not you have anything ? not even a temperature ? captain the thermo - analyzer have jamme . one of they read over a million degree , the other 's at minus 5000 ... never see anything like it . technician it 's take shape . 21 ext . space in the middle of the shadow , a door to the nightmare have just open . evil be back . a round , move mass , continually change color . captain ( in awe ) what the hell can it be ? technician hook - up with the president in one minute , General . General staedert remain calm . staedert ... send out a probe . 22 int . president's office manhattan lindberg , 50 , the president of the United federation , he feature line and wear by various delegation , mainly military , enter he office . there 's a crisis in the air . the President 's aide lean down to he ear . aide on air in 30 second . in the middle of the group be a Priest whose appearance remind we of Egypt . a young man david , 18 , shy , a priest - in - training attend the old man . 23 int . control room / president's office captain President on line sir .. General staedert lean over he screen and seem surprised to see the room but not the president . president ( o.s. ) staedert , do you read I ? staedert I can hear you , Mr. President , but I can not see you . the President grab the mini-camera on he desk and yank it around to face he . his face fill the screen . president ( exasperate ) be that better ? staedert perfect , Mr. President . president I have to address the Supreme Council in 10 minute . just the fact , General . staedert there be no result from the chemical and molecular analysis as of yet , all the caliber be overshot .. we be hope a thermo nucleatic imaging .. president ( exasperate ) what you be say be you do not know what this .. thing ..is . consternation reign in the President 's office . staedert not yet Sir .. the only thing we know be it just keep get bigger ! president option . staedert wait or act . president recommendation . staedert my philosophy Mr. President be shoot first ask question later . I do not like uninvite guest . president gentlemen ? head chemist I think it would be foolish to shoot at a organism that seem alive , without first take the time to study it more ! besides , it have show no sign of hostility . president ( worried ) no ... it 's just get bigger . head chemist so do people , but that 's no reason to shoot they . president ( exasperate ) the security of the federate Territories be and remain number one priority . ( to the military ) I suppose General staedert 's " philosophy " be acceptable to you ? all the Generals nod " yes " president all right , then ! staedert ? priest ( o.s. ) Mr. President ? the President scan the room . staedert remote control the camera toward the room . president ... yes ? the camera move up the Priest and we finally discover he face . he be in he sixty , a shrewd look in he eye . around he neck hang the kommander 's finger , the key to the temple . priest cornelius , vito cornelius . 50th level parish . I have a different theory to offer you , Mr. President . president I be listen . cornelius imagine for a moment that this . thing be not anything that can be identify because it prefer not to be , because it be the antithesis of all we be . because it be evil .. total evil . president ( a little sarcastically ) one more reason to shoot first eh ? all the Generals nod in agreement . cornelius evil beget evil , Mr. President . shoot would only make it stronger . 24 int . spaceship technician the probe will attain its objective in five second . staedert move closer to the ship 's window . 25 ext . space . evil swallow the probe and immediately bubbles over with activity like a furious volcano . 26 int . president's office staedert Mr. President , we be at crisis point . the President look puzzle . president you theory be interesting Father but I do not think we have time to go into it right now ! cornelius time be of no importance , Mr. President . only life be important . president ( exasperate ) that 's exactly what we be go to try and do : protect the life of some 200 billion of we fellow citizen ! General ? you may fire when ready . 27 int . spaceship staedert ( cold ) ( to the captain ) .. up front load of a 120 zzr missile . marker light on the objective . 28 ext . outside spaceship all of a sudden , outside the ship , the strange planet 's activity cease . a black crust immediately cover it . 29 int . president's office scientist ( consulting new data ) its structure have just solidify on the surface , as if the object feel something . if that 's the case , we be undoubtedly deal with a intelligence . cornelius the most terrible intelligence imaginable , Mr. President . the President hesitates . captain ... the ship be in combat formation . the missile be load , General . president ( uneasy ) staedert ? give I a minute ... I have a doubt . staedert ( cold ) I do not , Mr. President . 30 ext . outside spaceship the missile explode from the ship and penetrate its target . the explosion be swallow like a fizzy pill in a small glass of water . nothing happen . and then the mass grow larger . 31 int . control room / president's office staedert look worried . staedert load a series of 740 missile . maximum shield protection . captain yes , Sir . the President be grow ever more worried . president staedert ? what 's go on ? do you destroy it ? staedert I be about to , Mr. President . 32 ext . spaceship a series of three missile head for the planet , which absorb they all . and literally double in size . scientist the planet 's diameter have greatly increase and it 's move toward the ship . president staedert ? get out of there immediately ! I do not want a incident , do you hear I , staedert ? staedert ( worried ) ... what do we have that 's bigger than 240 ? captain nothing , General . president staedert , get out of there ! that 's a order ! a bead of sweat pearl staedert 's forehead . he be about to give a order when a gigantic flame emerge from the planet and literally swallow staedert 's spaceship . staedert ( eye wide ) ... good God ! the flame fill the screen with a horrendous noise that .... 33 int . apartment ... wake up a man try to escape from a nightmare . korben dallas rub he head . thirty five year old , short hair , powerfully build , unquestionable charm , good look in spite of the scar here and there . the alarm clock be still ringing , it show the date as March 18 , 2359 . it in two in the morning . ha grab a cigarette , and stop to look for a light . he shut oft the alarm . he hear a cat mew in the hall . but it still ring . korben take a moment and then realize it in the phone that be ringing . korben ( to the cat ) I be come . he grab the phone and cross he tiny apartment ( 27 foot long by 6 foot wide ) head for the door , patting himself for a light . behind he , the bed make itself automatically . korben ( on the phone ) yeah ? finger ( v.o. ) hey bud ! finger here . he open the door for the cat and start to rummage through a drawer for a match . out come a handful of war decoration , a hero 's collection . korben ( to the cat ) hi sweetie ! ... a Medal of honor certificate to Major Dallas finger ( v.o. ) I love you too Major , but you have not call I that since basic training . korben I be talk to the cat . finger ( v.o. ) oh , yeah , I forget . you still prefer you cat to the real thing . ... a picture of korben and he ex- wife on they wedding day . korben at least , the cat come back . finger ( v.o. ) ( ironical ) you still pine for that two timing bitch . forget she . there be a million woman out there . korben I do not want a million - I just want one . a perfect one . finger ( v.o. ) do not exist bud . ... a picture of korben and finger in uniform next to a space fighter . korben I just find a picture of you . finger ( v.o. ) how do I look ? korben like shit . korben find a box of match with three match . he strike one . it do not light . korben open the fridge , bare , except for a empty can of gemini croquette . on the packet be a ad : win a dream trip for 2 to fhloston paradise . finger ( v.o. ) must be a old picture .. listen , you gotta bring I you hack for the 6 month overhaul . a.s.a.p. korben heat up some brackish water . korben ( sigh ) I do not need one . finger ( v.o. ) you forget who sit next to you for a thousand mission . I know how you drive . korben finger ! I be drive a cab now , not a space fighter !! finger ( v.o. ) how many point you get leave on you license ? korben ( lie ) uh ... at least fifty . finger ( v.o . ) in you dream ! see you tonight ! finger have hang up . korben sigh and do the same . he get the heat brackish water and sit down . the cat pounce on the table and meow for its food . korben pour half the coffee in the cat 's cup . the cat meow . korben tap he cup to the cat 's saucer . korben cheer ! 34 int . hall - day - omit 35 int . garage - day - omit 36 int . president's office the office be emptied , only a few army officer remain . a ancient manuscript , billy 's drawing , sit in front of the President . cornelius turn page after page , illustrate he point . cornelius ( to the President ) we have forty - eight hour , the time it need to adapt itself to we live condition . president ( worried ) and then ? cornelius and then it will be too late . the goal of evil be to wipe out life ! all form of life . for all eternity ... life upset it . the President appear upset himself by this image . president be there anything that can stop it ? cornelius ( know ) yes .. thank God .. 37 ext . space the mondoshawan spaceship burst through a star cluster and fill the screen . 38 int . cockpit - omit 39 int . president's office the manuscript be open on the President 's desk .. close on : billy 's rendering of the mondoshawan . cornelius ( to the President ) the mondoshawan do not belong to the federate Territories , but they be peaceful ... in they possession be the four element of life . this element when they be gather around a fifth : the Supreme be , ultimate warrior , create to protect life ...... the supreme be be stand , as if freeze in armor . all we see be the bottom half of he body . Big metallic glove hold the case engrave with the emblem of the three sun contain the four Sacred Stones . cornelius .. will produce what the ancient call the light of creation , the light of total goodness which be the only thing that can defeat evil . the President point to the spot occupy by the 5th element . president but what happen if instead of this ... ultimate warrior ... it be evil who stand here ? cornelius White turn to black . Light to dark. life to death . for all eternity . the President 's nerve quiver . captain Sir , we have a mondoshawan spaceship at the frontier request permission to enter we territory . president I guess I should make a decision .. cornelius they be the only one who can help .. general sir.. the mondoshawan do not belong to the federation . we do not know they intention .. I must recommend a full trinuclear assault .. president ( yell ) do you see that .. thing .. swallow we battleship like a gum drop ? you can not even tell I what it be ! I ask you for option you give I bullshit . give they permission to enter we territory with my warmest regards . cornelius ( relieved ) thank you , Mr. President . 40 int . mondoshawans spaceship - omit 41 int . president's office - omit 42 ext . space / int . mondoshawan ship the mondoshawan spaceship zip across the federate galaxy . but it be not alone : two black warship seem to be dogging it . 43 int . mondoshawan cockpit the mondoshawans have spot the spacecraft chase they . first officer two non-identified ship approach . captain must be the welcoming committee . 44 int . warship cockpit a mangalore sit at the control of the warship . his terrifying feature tell we what sort of welcome they can expect . the pilot fire without warning . 45 ext . space / int . mondoshawan ship the huge ship be badly hit and immediately swerve oft course . panic aboard the mondoshawan ship . 46 int . mondoshawan ship captain we have be hit ! General alert !!! blast after blast hit the defenseless ship . captain we be lose control ! we have to land fast ! the huge ship veer oft course and head for a small red planet , take hit after hit . captain send out a distress signal !!! activate the emergency landing procedure ! the huge ship approach the planet at blind speed . first officer Impact in less than ten second ! the red planet loom ever closer . captain time be of no importance ... the ship crash in a gigantic explosion . 46a int . korben' apartment - day a thermo nuclear explosion fill a t.v. screen .. which korben 's cat watch with interest . korben be about to exit the apartment . korben do not watch it all day , it will rot you mind . bye sweetie .. in response , the cat meow . korben open the door to .. a huge gun , brandish by a nervous mugger , point right in he face . mugger the cash man ! korben be here long ? mugger do not fuck with I man or I will blow you into tomorrow ! unperterbed , korben look at the mugger 's fearsome weapon . korben be not that a Z140 ? alleviate titanium . neuro charge assault model ? mugger ( off balance ) uh.. korben you know you could hurt someone with this puppy .. good thing it 's not load .. the mugger be lose . he look at he weapon . mugger it 's not ? korben you gotta push the little yellow button ... korben point to the button on the side of the gun . the mugger take he advice . mugger thanks .. korben you be welcome .. and with lightning speed , korben blast the mugger with a straight right hand , send he down for the count . korben retrieve the gun . korben .. you know this thing be very illegal .. you could get in a shit load of trouble .. I better hang onto it for you .. as the mugger clear he head , korben open a drawer next to he which be full of similar gun ! the mugger 's eye pop out of he head . he scamper to he foot and run off . korben shrug , exit he apartment , and close the door . the cat watch a nuclear holocaust on t.v. , uninterrupted . 46b int . korben' garage - day korben enter he taxi . a robotic voice greet he . voice please enter you license .. korben comply , and start to push a series of button on the dash . voice welcome on board Mr. Dallas .. korben how you do this morning ? sleep ok ? I do not . korben hit a button . the garage door start to open . voice fuel level 6.03.. propulsion 2x4 ... korben I have the worst goddamn nightmare . voice you have nine point leave on you license .. korben thanks for remind I .. as the garage door lift , the megalopolis that be New York City in the 23rd century come into view . startle in it 's height , and breath . voice have a nice day .. korben let the propulsion build . korben right .. he let the gear slip . the taxi rocket off into the City . 47 ext . taxi stand - night - omit 48 ext . red planet-omit 49 int . president's office cornelius collapse in a chair . cornelius we be lose ! general munro Mr. President , the attack be launch by two unregister warship . president Close all border and declare a state of general alert . general munro yes , sir . president ( to another officer ) try to contact this mondoshawan . we owe they a explanation . cornelius ( lose , to himself ) what be we go to do ? president this be government business now . you ought to go home and get some rest , Father . the President motion to he guard to come and get cornelius . president I promise to keep you inform . a weary cornelius leave the room with David 's help . president ( to the captain ) ... have the rescue team find any survivor ? 50 ext . red planet - omit 51 ext . red planet orbit - omit 52 int . laboratory 1st district manhattan - dawn a arm , on a surgical cart , move down the hall of the nucleological Center , the most sterile of environment . professor mactilburgh , age 60 , hurry alongside general munro . munro this be all that survive ? mactilburgh actually only one cell survive .. munro have you identify it ? mactilburgh it 's not that easy .. we have never encounter anything like it before .. you see normal human being have 40 DNA memo groum .. which be more than enough for any species to perpetuate itself .. this one have 200,000 . munro talk English doc. mactilburgh this cell be like a huge library . it have infinite genetic knowledge store inside . almost like it be ... engineered . munro sound like a freak of nature to I . mactilburgh yes ... I can not wait to meet he . they pass into the lab . 53 int . laboratory the two enter a cylindrical laboratory . there be a huge glass turbine in the middle with the metal glove inside . a DNA chain scroll on the computer screen . mactilburgh ( rather fascinate ) the compositional element of he DNA chain be the same as ours , there be simply more of they tightly pack . his knowledge be probably limitless .. munro ( worried ) be there any danger ? some kind of virus ? mactilburgh we put it through the cellular hygiene detector . the cell be for lack of a better word ... perfect . munro hesitates a moment . then he sigh and use he personal key to open the self - destruct box . munro ok , go ahead ! but Mr. perfect better be polite ... otherwise I turn he into cat food . mactilburgh start the operation roll as munro put he hand on the sell - destruct button , ready to use it . thousands of cell form in the heart of the generator , a assemblage of DNA element . then the cell move down a tube , like a fluid , and gather in a imprint of a human body . step by step bone be reconstruct , then the nervous and muscular system . Whole vein wrap around the muscle . a entire body be reconstruct before we very eye . doctor Three second to ultra-violet protection . a shield come over the reconstruct body and make it invisible . mactilburgh ( to munro ) ... this be the crucial phase , the reconstruction of pigment . cell be bombard with slightly greasy solar atom which force the body cell to react , to protect themselves . that mean grow skin . clever , eh ? munro ( disgust ) wonderful ! the meter slow , drop to zero . assistant ... end of reconstruction , beginning of reanimation . a whoosh of air in the glass chamber . Captain munro have he hand on the self - destruct button , ready to destroy the be that have barely be reborn . mactilburgh ( push a button ) activate life support system . a electrical discharge fill the glass chamber cause the body inside to jerk . after a few moment of silence , the SOUND of a heartbeat fill the room over the loudspeaker . assistant life support system activate . the Supreme be be alive once again . mactilburgh remove the shield . the assistant automatically remove the ultra-violet shield which slowly reveal ... a woman ... nude ... young ... and very beautiful . munro stand there gape . not quite he vision of the Supreme be . mactilburgh glance at munro and gently push he hand away from the self - destruct button . mactilburgh ( with a smile ) I tell you ... perfect ! munro be hypnotize by the girl 's beauty . munro ... I would , uh , like to get a few picture for the archive before she wake up . mactilburgh look at he with a grin . a remote- control camera approach the girl 's face , a flash go off . blind by the flash , the girl jump and scream . she cower in a corner , shaking from the cold , darting eye everywhere look for the case she be hold . girl ( very angry ) ouacra cocha of dayodomo binay ouacra mo cocha ferji akba ligounai makta keratapla . tokemata tokemata ! seno santonoi-aypa ! minoi ay cheba ! givomana seno ! munro ( worried ) what 's she say ? mactilburgh ( to he assistant ) activate the phonic detector . the girl kick the window repeatedly . mactilburgh and give she a light sedative ... and something to wear ! the assistant hit a button . a pile of clothes drop out of a trapdoor in the ceiling . she snatch up the clothes angrily and dress quickly . munro draw closer to the glass window . he watch she dress with undisguise pleasure . munro ( to mactilburgh ) this thing solid ? mactilburgh ( smile ) a elephant could not crack it . the girl finish dress . girl ( angrily ) teno akta chataman assin-omekta ! munro smile safely behind he plate glass window . munro ( with a smile ) you be gonna have to learn to communicate better than that angel if you want out . munro dangle the key on a chain that will let she out . the girl ram she fist right through the window . she grab the key and yank it . the chain snap tight and munro slam into the window knock himself out . the girl put she hand through the window again , unlock the chamber and step out . she be still bit wobbly on she leg . two guard try to grab she . she send they fly across the room . mactilburgh be most impressed . he set off a general alarm . 54 int . corridor laboratory the girl run through a maze of corridor look for a way out . a squad of security guard appear in front of she and open fire without warning . the girl take a leap , grab a air vent , kick it out and dive into the air shaft . the cop try and jump up to the vent , but none can reach it . chief get I a chair or a stepladder the rest of you go through the main ventilation ! 55 int . ventilation duct laboratory the girl move along unable to see what 's ahead of she . she come to a dead - end , a grill that lead outside . she push it out and exit onto the ledge . 56 ext . ledge laboratory - dawn she have exite to a ledge on the 450th floor of a building , right in the middle of Manhattan , which we discover for the first time . the city have become monstrous . building rise 600 storey . Cars fly . subway run vertically ... the girl edge along the narrow ledge , unfaze by the height . the chief lean out the vent , look out into the void . chief ( to he man ) go on follow she ! the cop stare into the gape void . cop ... no way . the chief angrily pull out he gun and shoot at the girl who duck around the corner of the building . unfortunately the other side in full of cop as well . a fly police car zoom up in front of she , siren blaring . voice ( o.s. ) this in the police . you status be illegal . please put up you hand and follow we instruction ! the girl feel trap . she look down into the endless 450 below and all the car fly underneath she . then she raise she arm ... and dive off . 57 int . police car - night cop ( in the car . ) Christ ! she dove off ! in a panic , the cop make a wrong turn . the girl fall for several second . she land on the roof of a fly cab . 58 int . cab - night korben try to control he car , reeling from the impact . voice ( o.s. ) you have just have a accident . Seven point have be temporarily remove ... korben manage to stop he cab , pull over to the side . voice / korben you have one point leave on you license . have a good day . korben sigh and look in the back seat to see what the damage be . the girl , a bit daze ( who would not be ) , emerge from the debris and sit up . there 's some blood on she face . korben be stunne . the girl 's still alive and ... so beautiful . his heart head for a meltdown . girl akina delutan , nou -shan . korben ( lose ) ...' scuse I ? a police car with wail siren halt in front of korben . cop ( over a loudspeaker ) you have a unauthorize passenger in you vehicle . we be go to arrest she . please leave you hand on the wheel . thank you for you cooperation . korben ( obey ) sorry , hon , but I only get one point leave on my license and I gotta get to the garage ! the police car press up against the cab . Doors slide open . huge gun point at she . korben feel lousy . the girl 's helpless , there be tear in she eye , she look exhaust . korben glance at she in the rear view mirror . she 's look all around to find something to help she communicate with he . her Pov : a ad on the back of the seat . a 800 number to help a orphanage . a teary photo of a kid over the word please help . she shoot to korben a look of pure distress . girl ( irresistible ) please ... help ... korben can not resist she plea . korben do not put I in this position ... I can not ... I be late as it be ... but he can not say no to she eye . korben finger 's gonna kill I . korben shut oft the meter and floor it , sideswipe the police car as he roar away . voice ( o.s. ) you license have be revoke . would you please .... korben whip out a gun and shatter the loudspeaker . korben I hate when people cry ... I get no defense ... the police car take out after he , siren screeching . a insane chase ensue . 59 int . new york street - day korben and he fly taxi be absolute master of the air . the cop have trouble follow he but then another cop car come to join in the fun . korben drive like a man possess , nothing can stop he . except the dead - end he 's just come up against . girl daya deo dono dato . dalutan ! korben it there 's one thing I do not need advice on , it 's how to drive . korben turn he cab sideways and scrape through a narrow passageway , rip he taxi light from the roof . the police car smashes into the wall . the other one brake just in time . cop shit! attention all - patrol car ! the car make a u-turn , look for a wider passageway . 60 ext . new york STREET the police car roar up , siren scream then slow down and check out a dead - end flanke by a large vertical neon billboard . the dead - end be empty . korben 's cab be hide vertically behind the billboard . see nothing , the police drive away . korben we will wait till thing quiet down a bit . you mind ? the girl grab he shirt collar and pull he close , whisper in he ear . girl ( weak ) ... Priest ... korben you be not that bad ... come on we will get you to a doctor . the girl hand he the handle of the case , strike with the three egyptian sun . girl ( weak ) vito ... cor ... ni-lious ... Priest ... korben vito cornelius ? the girl nod , then faint . korben be somewhat lose face with so much mystery . 61 int . cornelius ' apartment - day the door open . korben be there with the unconscious girl in he arm . korben ( embarrassed ) Excuse I , I be look for a priest . cornelius ( tired ) wedding be one floor down . congratulation . cornelius close the door . the doorbell ring again . korben she 's not my bride , she 's my fare . she 's look for this vito cornelius . accord to the phone guide he life here . cornelius ( curious ) that 's I . but I do not know who she be ... where do you find she ? korben she drop in on I ... hold this . korben hand he the metal handle with the three egyptian sun , stamp on it . cornelius ( staggered ) the fifth element . he faint dead away . korben , with the girl still in he arm look around helpless . korben ( sighing ) finger 's gonna kill I ... 62 int . cornelius ' apartment - day in he armchair , cornelius get wake by a slap in the face . cornelius ( with a start ) who be you ? korben I bring the girl remember ? cornelius the girl ? cornalius get up . he look at the handle . korben yeah ! she drop in on I . I mean on my taxi ... talk ... this ... this bizarre language ... and then it dawns on cornelius who the girl be . cornelius ( eye rivete on she ) he 's a she ! korben ( bemuse ) you notice ... cornelius ( face shine ) there 's not a moment to lose ! wake she up , but be gentle about it ! this woman be mankind 's most precious possession ! she be ... perfect ! korben so you do know she . cornelius uh yes , we be cousin .. distant cousin .. cornelius run into the next room . korben look at the girl , go to slap she , then change he mind . her beauty trouble he . he hesitates , then , gently caress she cheek . her skin seem so soft , so fragile . korben perfect ... 63 int . SMALL room David , be mend a cassock when cornelius burst into the room out of breath . cornelius it 's a miracle !!! david ( worried ) what be ? cornelius ( babbling crazily ) I can not wear this clothes ! this call for dignity ! I have to dress the part ! he open a closet fill with identical robe and plunge in , disappear as David look on , uncomprehend . 64 int live room . cornelius ' apartment korben gently kiss the girl 's cheek , but she do not respond . he look around then kiss she on the lip . the girl 's eye snap open . when korben straighten up he discover he own gun jamme under he chin . girl ( angry ) eto akta gamat ! korben ( embarrassed ) I be sorry , it 's just that ... I be tell to wake you up gently , so I figure ... the girl pause a moment . she stare at he , look puzzle . korben you be right , I be wrong ! I should not have kiss you ... especially since we have not be introduce and ... ( he pull out a business card ) here , it 's a bit late , but ... my name be korben , korben Dallas . keep it , you never know , maybe ... you will need a cab one day . I will be happy to open the door this time !. the girl hesitates , then snatch the card like a wild animal . 65 int . SMALL room cornelius be lose in the closet . david Father , will you please explain what 's go on ? cornelius the Supreme be , the fifth element be here , in we parish !!! it 's a miracle !!! 66 int . live room korben ... what 's you name ? girl ( after a moment ) leeloo minai lekarariba-laminai-tchai ekbat De sebat . korben ( polite ) hey , that 's ... cute ... do you have a nickname , something a little ... short ? girl ... leeloo . korben be fall in love . korben that 's ... really cute ... cornelius burst into the room . she turn the gun on he . he bow before she . cornelius appipulai leeloo minai .. leeloo corn-i-lius ? cornelius ( bow ) at you service . leeloo lower she guard start to laugh . a irresistible childish laugh . korben smile . david Father . you sure she 's the Supreme be ? cornelius absolutely sure there 's the triple sun on she glove ! David bow low , but he eye glance up at leeloo . cornelius begin to lead korben toward the door , hustling he out . korben they all like this in you family , father ? cornelius she 's a exception .. cornelius thank you so much for you help mr...? korben Dallas . korben Dallas . cornelius take he arm . leeloo stop laugh when she see korben leave . cornelius yes . that 's fine ! thank you very much . a thousand time over ! korben I might call to check up on she , you know ... to see if she 's better ? cornelius she 's fine , really .. do not you worry .. just need some rest .. she 's have a very long trip . korben I know . I be there when she arrive . cornelius be about to close the door . korben 's hand block it . korben Excuse I ! just one thing ! she say something to I a while ago and ... I do not really get it ... akta gamat ? cornelius it mean , " never without my permission " . korben that 's what I think . cornelius slam the door in he face . korben ... thanks . 66a int . korben' apartment - day korben bead down the hallway . he pass he neighbor . korben even ... neighbor fuck you ! korben ... thanks ... you , too . korben enter he -apartment . 66b int .. korben' apartment - day the door slide back and the cat come rub up against he , tail in the air . korben oh god . I forget you food ... I be really sorry ! how about a nice thai nosh to apologize ? how do that sound , huh ? the cat meow , appease , just a the phone ring . korben hello ? finger ( v.o. ) hey bud ... I be wait all day here . korben finger..man.. I be sorry ..listen .. I be on the way over but I have a fare fall into my lap .. y'k now one of that big fare you just can not resist .. finger ( v.o. ) ( suspicious ) so , just how big be this fare ? korben 5 '7 " , green eye ... long leg ... great skin ... perfect .. korben take out a cigarette . finger ( v.o. ) uh huh.. and I do not suppose you get the name of this .. perfect fare .. korben ( dreamy ) leeloo .. 67 int . garage - day - omit 68 int . cornelius ' apartment - day leeloo have a towel wrap around she , it look like she just take a shower . she sit in front of a computer wolfing down some chicken . data scroll by on the screen . David watch from the corner , in awe . david what 's she do ? cornelius learn we history ! the last 5000 year that she miss ! she 's be out of circulation a while , you know . leeloo break into she childish laughter . cornelius what be you laugh about ? leeloo ( pronounce badly ) napoleon ... small . she laugh again and toss some capsule into the microwave . david ( hesitant ) uh father , I know she 's be through a lot ... but the sacred stone .. we do not have much time .. cornelius yes . of course .. leeloo take she plate out of the microwave . a steaming plate heape with chicken and exotic vegetable . cornelius leeloo .. I be sorry to interrupt you but .. she sit back down in front of the screen and chomp away heavily on she second chicken . cornelius sit opposite she . and hold up the case handle . cornelius ( serious ) the case .. with the stone ... where be it ? leeloo San agamat chay bet ... envolet ! cornelius the case be steal ? leeloo nod she head , quite unperturb and continue to devour the food in front of she . cornelius ( shocked ) who in god name would do such a thing ? 69 int . corridor . zorgh warehouse - day close on : a pair of foot limping heavily . a man come alongside they . right arm Excuse I sir , the council be worried about the economy heating up . they wonder if it would be possible to fire 500 ... they reach a door at the end of the corridor . Zorg enter a code . zorg Fire 1000 . right arm but ... 500 be all they need , sir . zorg turn slowly . a small scar across run across he face , he eye stutter . this be not a man to cross , or contradict . right arm 1000 ! Fine , sir ! sorry to have disturb you . the door open ... 70 int . cornelius ' apartment - day ... and David enter carry a bundle of clothes . cornelius there be this guy with a limp who come a month ago .. say he be a art dealer ... ask all this question about the Sacred Stones ..at the time I do not think anything of it .. what be he name ? I be so bad with name ... david ( to leeloo , timid ) I do not know you size . leeloo be happy . she pull off the towel and stand there nude . cornelius and David turn away . david they really make she ... cornelius perfect . leeloo finish dress . she be delighted . leeloo ( to David ) domo danko ! David smile , dumb with admiration . cornelius come over . cornelius leeloo ? the Stones ... we must get they back . leeloo settles down , sit at the computer and turn it on . leeloo ikset-kiba . I imanetaba oum dalat ! cornelius you know exactly where they be ! 71 int . warehouse - day a group of handsome warrior approach . aknot , they leader have the sacred case in he hand . the metal handle be miss but the second metal glove be still grasp the case . zorg ( pretend to be worried ) aknot ? be that you ? the leader nod . a disgust look stamp Zorg 's feature . zorg ... what a ugly face ! do not suit you at all ! take it off ... aknot 's face burn away revealing the head of a monstrous mangalore . zorg that 's better ! never be ashamed of who you be ... you be warrior ... be proud ... aknot say nothing , but if he eye could talk ! zorg so what if the Federal Army crush you entire race and scattered you people to the wind ... you time for revenge be at hand ... voila ... the zf1 . he take out a weapon from one a crate and go into a sale pitch . zorg ( very fast ) ... it 's light ... the handle 's adjustable for easy carry ... good for righties and lefty . meanwhile , two men set up a mannequin rig with various defense mechanism at the far end of the warehouse . zorg ... break down into four part , undetectable by x-ray .. it 's the ideal weapon for quick , discreet intervention . a word on fire power : titanium recharger . 3000 round clip with burst of 3 to 300 . with the replay button , another Zorg innovation , it 's even easier ... one shot . he fire at the mannequin . zorg ... and replay send every follow shot to the same location ... Zorg spin around , the round all hit the mannequin . zorg ( even faster ) I recharge , but the enemy have launch a cowardly sneak attack from behind , the automirror take care of that . give I the time to turn around and finish the job . 300 round burst , then there be the Zorg oldy ... he fire off each item he name . zorg ... rocket launcher . the always efficient flame thrower ... my favorite . we famous net launcher , the arrow launcher , with explode or poisonous gas head - very practical . and for the grand finale , the all - new ice- cube system ! the mannequin have be blast into a pile of ash cover by a net , . stick with arrow , the whole mess freeze solid . he toss the weapon into aknot 's hand . zorg ... four full crate , deliver right on time ! what about you , my dear aknot , do you bring I what I ask you for ? aknot set the case on a crate . Zorg gloat while stroking the case . zorg ... magnificent . Zorg smile , take a deep breath , open the case . it 's empty 72 int . cornelius ' apartment - day leeloo break into she childish laughter once again . cornelius ( astonished ) what do you mean empty ? 73 int . zorgh warehouse - day aknot look into the case . thing grow tense . zorg alright .. I have get a open mind here .. anyone care to explain ? 74 int . cornelius ' apartment - day leeloo explain what happen in she language . cornelius ( translate ) she say that the guardian never really have much faith in human . they be afraid of be attack . the stone be give to someone they could trust who take another route . she 's suppose to contact this person in a little less than twelve hour from now in a hotel . she 's look for the address ! a map of the star flash onto the screen , leeloo point . leeloo dot ! the little group come over to look . david Planet fhloston , in the angel constellation cornelius plop down into he armchair . cornelius ... we be save ! 75 int . zorgh warehouse - day zorg I be fuck ! Zorg calmly close the case and give ak not a blood -chill stare . aknot you ask for a case . we bring you a case . zorg ( shouting ) a case with four stone in it . not one ! not two or three ! but four !!! four stone !!! what the fuck be I suppose to do with a empty case ?!! aknot 's man grow edgy . aknot ( tense ) ... we be warrior , not merchant ! zorg ( humor ) but you can still count . look ... my finger . he hold up four finger . zorg ... four stone , four crate ... Zero stone ... ( yell ) zero crate !!! ( to he man ) put everything back , we be outta here . aknot 's warrior turn they weapon on Zorg . aknot ( icily ) we risk we life . I believe a little compensation be in order . zorg ( smile ) so , you be a merchant , after all . ( to he man ) leave they one crate . for the cause ! Zorg 's man leave a crate and exit with the other three . 76 ext . outside zorgh warehouse - day Zorg walk along the street to he limo . right arm carry the empty case . zorg I do not like warrior ! they be too narrow -mind , no sublety . worse , they fight for hopeless cause .. for honor ! honor have kill million of people but have not save a single one . ( pause ) you know what -- do I like though , I like killer . a real dyed in the wool killer . cold -blood . clean . methodical . thorough . a killer , when he pick up the zf1 , would have immediately ask about the little red button on the bottom of the gun . 77 int . hallway zorgh warehouse - day the warrior have all take a weapon . one of they inspect he zf1 . he turn it over and notice the little red button . he press it . 78 ext . outside zorgh warehouse - day behind Zorg , a ear-shatter explosion level the warehouse . zorg ( impassive ) bring the priest . 79 int . garage - day - omit 79a int . korben' apartment - day korben be finish a thai meal , cook by a thai on he mini restaurant anchore at the window . the cat eat next to korben , content . korben so you forgive I ? the cat meow just as a red light blink , announce the arrival of a message in a glass tube . korben ignore it . thai not go to open ? korben I have never get a message that be not bad news . thai how someone strong like you scared from a message ? be good news I sure ! korben the last two message I get ? the first one be from my wife tell I she be leave ! and the second be from my lawyer tell I he be leave too ... with my wife . thai you right that be bad .. but mathematically luck must change ! grandfather say : " it never rain every day . " this be good news guarantee .. I bet you lunch ! korben hesitates , then give the envelope to the thai , who open it with a big smile that fade as read the content aloud . thai ... you be fire . oh ! korben smile at he . korben at least I win lunch . thai good philosophy .. see good in bad .. I like .. I prepare number one dessert .. special for you and pussy .. the cat meow . 79b int . cornelius ' apartment - day leeloo be polish of ' a immense pile of dessert as David bang away at the computer . david I get it ! everything here we need to know about fhloston paradise Hotel ... and a detailed blueprint of the entire hotel ! cornelius good work , my son . now all we need be a way to get there . the doorbell ring . cornelius I will get it . finish you work my son . cornelius open to right Arm with armed escort . right arm Father cornelius ? cornelius my son ? right arm Mr. Zorg would like a word with you . cornelius Mr. who ? 80 ext . manhattan - omit 81 int . hallway cornelius apartment - omit 82 int . refrigeration room - omit 83 int . zorgh office Zorg turn to cornelius . zorg Zorg. jean-baptiste emmanuel Zorg ... nice to see you again cornelius I remember you now .. the so call art dealer . zorg I be glad you get you memory back , Father ... because you be go to need it ... where be the stone ? cornelius ... why on earth do the stone interest you ? zorg personally , they be of no interest to I , I would rather sell weapon .. but I have a customer ... so tell I ... cornelius even it I do know where the stone be I would never tell somebody like you . zorg why ? what 's wrong with I ? cornelius ... I be a priest ! I be here to serve life , all you want to do be destroy it . zorg ah , Father ... you be so wrong . let I explain ... Zorg lead cornelius into he inner office . zorg ... would you like a drink ? cornelius no thank you . zorg follow I .. life , which you so nobly serve , come from destruction . look at this empty glass . Zorg push the glass with he finger . zorg here it be ... peaceful ... serene ... but if it be ... Zorg push the glass off the table . it shatter on the floor . zorg destroy ... small individual robot , both free-wheeling and integrate , come zipping out to clean up the mess . zorg ... look at all this little thing ... so busy all of a sudden . notice how each one be useful . what a lovely ballet , so full of form and color . so full of .. life ! cornelius they be robot ! a servant come in pour water in another glass . Zorg toss a cherry into it . zorg yes but ... by that simple gesture of destruction . I give work to at least fifty people today . the engineer , the technician , the mechanic . fifty people who will be able to feed they child so they can grow up big and strong . Children who will have child of they own , add to the great cycle of life ! cornelius sit in silence . zorg Father , by create a little destruction , I be , in fact , encourage life ! so , in reality , you and I be in the same business ! cornelius destroy a glass be one thing .. kill people with the weapon you produce be quite another . zorg let I reassure you Father .. I will never kill more people in my entire life than religion have kill in the last 2000 year . Zorg smile , hold up the glass and take a drink . unfortunately , he choke on the cherry . unable to breathe , Zorg start to panic . cornelius ( mock ) where 's the robot to pat you back ? Zorg fall , writhe , on he desk , inadvertently hit button which trigger a slew of little mechanism . they pop out all over the desk . true chaos reign . even a cage appear , hold a souliman aktapan , a fat multicolor beastie , picasso , who seem surprised to be out in daylight . he lick he half - dead master in thanks . cornelius get up and walk around the desk . Zorg motion for help . cornelius can I give you a hand ? cornelius whacks he on the back . the cherry come fly out . Zorg regains control of himself . guard come run in . zorg you save my life ... so , I be go to spare yours . ( to the guard ) throw he out ! the guard throw cornelius out . cornelius you be a monster , Zorg ! zorg ( compliment ) I know ... the guard drag cornelius out of the office . zorg ... torture whoever you want , the president if you have to but I want that Stones . you have a hour . right Arm salute and hurry out of the office . 84 ext . manhattan STREET - omit 85 int . zorg be office - omit 86 int . / ext . STREET / taxi - omit 87 int . refrigeration room - omit 88 int . zorg be office - day - omit 89 int . hallway - omit 90 int . refrigeration room - omit 91 int . taxi - omit 92 int . room - day - omit 93 int . taxi - omit 94 int . room - day - omit 95 int . taxi - omit 96 int . shaft - omit 97 int . garage - omit 98 int . zorg be office - omit 99 int . garage - omit 100 int . locker room garage - omit 101 int . garage - omit 102 int . locker room garage - omit 103 int . korben' build - day - omit 104 int . korben' apartment - omit 105 ext . / int . space / spaceship ... the dark planet . Three warship be position in front of it . communication satellite arrive from all over the place , draw to it like a magnet . captain ( observe ) it 's gobble up all the communication satellite in the galaxy ! 106 int . president's office President lindberg appear even more crush by recent event . president why the hell be it eat up all that satellite like that ? head scientist ( desperate ) ... we be work on it , Mr. President . we be work on it . president it should only choke on they . munro enter the office just as a cockroach crawl onto the desk . there 's a small antenna on its back . 107 int . SMALL room Zorg 's right Arm wear earphone , monitoring the President 's conversation with the cockroach -spy . 108 int . president's office / SMALL room munro I manage to contact the mondoshawan . they deplore the incident , but accept we apology . president ( relieved ) and the Stones ? do you find they in the wreckage ? munro the - Stones be not aboard the ship . president ( surprised ) ... what do you mean ? the President be all ear . so be Zorg 's right Arm . munro the mondoshawan never fully trust the human race .. they feel we be too unpredictable .. so they give up the Stones to somebody they do trust . her name be plavalaguna . she 's a diva and she 's go to sing at the charity ball on fhloston paradise in a few hour . she have the Stones with she . the President breathes easier . Zorg 's right Arm be delighted . president ( take off a shoe ) excellent ! the President crush the cockroach with he shoe . right Arm 's earphone fly off he head . good - bye eardrum . 109 int . president's office president I want you best man on this ! munro do not worry , Sir . I have the perfect one . 110 int . korben' apartment - day c.u . the most disgusting dessert ever make . korben look at it shimmy on a plate as the thai serve it to he proudly . thai stew jellyfish cake .. my speciality .. korben force a weak , polite smile as the thai look on expectantly . the phone ring . korben save by the bell . korben rise to get he cigarettes , and answer the phone . korben ... hello ? mother ( v.o. ) you be the nastiest dirtbag I know in this stinking City ! korben ( resign ) hi ma ... mother ( v.o. ) I have be play twice a week for 20 year , 20 year I have be eat that shitty croquette . korben go to light he cigarette . there be only two match leave in the match box . korben strike one and it fizzle . mother ( v.o. ) you would not even eat one to help you poor mother , and you win the big prize ? know something ? the whole thing make I sick ! the thai start to clean up . just as korben go to strike the second match .. mother ( v.o. ) be you listen to I , you ingrate ! korben ( resign ) yes mar .. korben sigh and put the match back in the box . korben enter he code on the keypad the thai be hold . korben ( to the thai ) go on ... this be gonna take a while ! the thai cast oft . korben close the window . korben other than that ... you all right ? mother ( v.o. ) ... and now you be make fun of I ? I be warning you ! if you do not take I after all this year of sacrifice , I will never forgive you !! the thai fly off . in the hall , the cat meow - for more food . korben ( to the cat ) I be come !. ma , what be you talk about ? mother ( v.o. ) I get it ! you want to make I beg , be that it ? korben all I want be a explanation ! I just get in , I lose my job . I smashed my cab . I get mug , but other than that everything 's peachy , ma , thanks for ask !! now settle down and explain to I calmly .. a message drop in he tube . the red light go on . mother ( v.o. ) you just win a trip , you dolt ! ten day in fhloston paradise for two ! korben ma . if I would win , I would know about it . someone would have notify I . mother ( v.o. ) they have be blaring out you name on the radio for the last hour , blockhead ! he eyeball the message still in the tube . the doorbell ring . - korben ma.. it 's the door . I will call you back . korben hang up before he mother can say anything and head for the door . before he get there it open , General munro enter follow by a Captain and a Major . major iceborg be a woman . all she need to become a man be a mustache . munro open a file . munro ( clipped ) Major Dallas , if we calculation be correct you still have 57 hour owed to the Federal Army on you enlistment which be more than you will need for a mission of the utmost importance . korben what mission ? munro to save the world . korben where have I hear this song before ? munro you be to leave immediately for fhloston paradise . retrieve four Stones from the diva plavalaguna . and bring they back with the utmost discretion as possible . any question ' ? korben ( a little bewilder ) just one ... why I ? munro Three reason ... one : as part of the Elite special force unit of the federate Army you be a expert in the use of all weapon and spacecraft need for this mission . munro pull out a long list of document . munro two : of all the member of you unit you be the most highly decorate . korben and the third one ? munro you be the only one leave alive ... munro remove the message korben have not bother to look at . munro do not you open you message ? korben I have have enough good news for today munro ( by rote ) you have win the annual Gemini contest and a trip to fhloston paradise . for two . congratulation . here be you ticket . he hand korben the ticket . korben get it . korben you rig the contest ? munro nod . munro Major iceborg will accompany you ... as you wife ... the idea of take a trip with iceborg make he sick . korben ( sarcastic ) you could not come up with something a little more discreet ? munro Old trick be the best trick eh ? korben I be not go . munro why not ? korben one reason ... I want to stay the only one leave alive . 110a int . korben' hall leeloo and cornelius search for korben 's apartment . leeloo carry the card korben give she . cornelius find the apartment , and yank the. number off the door . he wave leeloo over as he hand go to the bell . 110b int . korben' apartment the doorbell ring . korben ... scuse I . korben go to the door and look out the peephole : the beautiful leeloo . korben panic , overcome with happiness . korben ... shit ! munro ( worried ) what be it ? korben have two second to make up something to get rid of munro . korben it 's my wife . munro I think you be divorced . korben I mean my future .. my ex .. my future ex .. if she see you here I be finish . she hate you guy . it 's what kill we in the first place . please ... he put they in the fridge , shove the jellyfish cake in iceborg 's hand . korben ... sorry , General , but we have get no choice ! it will only take a minute ! let I set up another meeting and I will be back . munro Three of we will never fit in there ! korben ( push he ) oh , yes you will ... korben slam the fridge door . the doorbell ring again . korben ... come ! he whip through he place in ten second , gather up thing lay about , shut drawer , roll up he laundry in the fold bed . he brushes he hair back and open the door with a big smile only to discover a gun stick between he eye hold by cornelius . leeloo apipoulai ! korben I suppose that mean " hi " ? cornelius I be sorry to have to resort to such method , but we hear about you good luck on he radio and we need the ticket to fhloston . korben be that the usual way priest go on vacation ? cornelius we be not go on vacation .. we be on a mission .. korben what kind of mission ? cornelius ( sincere ) we have to save the world . korben ( skeptical ) good luck .. cornelius of course . korben Father , I be in the Army for awhile and every time they tell we we be on a mission to save the world the only thing that change be I lose a lot of friend . so thanks for the offer .. but no thanks . cornelius be disappointed . leeloo look crestfallen . korben I be sorry .. voice this be a police control action .. everyone freeze as the whole building resound with the electronic voice . 111 int . landing korben' build a group of policemen burst into the hallway . one of the cop enter a code on the police wall box . a device descend from the ceiling , a flash light - siren , a voice fill the air . voice this be not a exercise . this be a police control . cornelius start to panic . korben take charge . cornelius oh my god oh my god .. korben push a button send the fridge to the next floor . a shower take it 's place . korben leeloo , hide in here and do not move ! leeloo hop in . korben toss cornelius on the bed . cornelius what be you do ? korben try to save you ass so you can save the world . ..and hit a button on the wall . the bed disappear into the wall . korben grab he ticket and slide they in he belt . 112 int . landing korben' build - day meanwhile , the automatic police voice continue . voice ... spread you leg and place you hand in the yellow circle , please . a cop slap a viewer device on korben 's door which make part of it transparent . cop 1 put you hand in the yellow circle , please . korben take he time hide he face . the cop look at he sheet . he 's look for a ... korben dallas . he have he picture , but it be korben with long hair and beard . cop 1 ( to cop 2 ) Sir ? be you a human ? korben no , I be a meat popsicle . cop 3 ( at the other end of the hall ) I find he ! c.u. korben 's call card be clumsily stick to the door of the neighbor 's apartment . cop 3 slap the viewer on the nasty neighbor 's door . the neighbor be at he sink shave instead of against the wall , cop 1 arrive with korben 's picture . cop 1 Sir , this be a control . please put you hand in the yellow circle . the neighbor step right up to the viewer , shave cream on he face . he could pass for korben . neighbor fuck you !! 113 int . korben' apartment korben still have he hand to the wall . korben wrong answer . shot o.s. explosion . scuffle . 114 int . hall the riot police hustle down the hall drag the neighbor behind they in a canvas bag . a cop be on the wall phone . cop ok , we get the guy under wrap . 115 int . zorgh office right Arm be on the phone , face Zorg . cop ( o.s. ) it be not easy , but we bag he !. thanks for the tip ! right arm ( smile ) glad to help . he hang up . right arm they just arrest the guy for uranium smuggle . everything 's go as plan . he show he a plane ticket , and a passport with he picture and korben 's name . right arm all I have to do now be to go to the airport and take he place . I should be in fhloston in less than four hour . Zorg sit there quietly for a moment . zorg do not come back without the Stones . 116 int . korben' apartment korben open the shower door . leeloo be soaking wet , she tooth chatter from the cold . korben I be really sorry .. there be not time . his eye fall on a old blanket . korben here let I wrap you up . korben wrap she in a blanket and vigoroualy rub she back . leeloo warm gradually and snuggle closer to that warm comfortable shoulder . korben 's rub slow , look more like caress . korben .. it 's funny . I have meet you twice today and you have end up in my arm both time . leeloo suddenly realize that she have maybe go a bit too far . she recover , look embarrassed too . leeloo ( nicely ) valo massa ... chacha hamas . korben uh.. you be welcome . the intimacy make he nervous . he look for a diversion . korben coffee ! that 's what you need ! a nice , hot cup of coffee ! he push a button on the coffee machine . korben with some honey ! you will see , honey 's great !... korben rummages through the drawer . leeloo , innocent , do not seem to quite understand everything that be go on . korben a hot cup of coffee ... with honey ... he rummages through the cupboard , exceedingly nervous . leeloo smile and begin to look around . she open a drawer and come upon .. korben ( nervously ) I have get this great honey somewhere . you know about honey ? there use to be this little animal who make it with antenna ... .. picture of Major korben Dallas War hero . korben .. and this other animal who eat it .. one be bee the other be bear .. she look back to the man fumble for honey . korben I forget which eat it and which make it but .. and she smile . korben here it be ! korben hold up the jar of honey . korben taste this ... leeloo innocently stick he finger in the jar then put it in she mouth . korben it ... melt in you mouth , do not it ? she savor the honey , slowly ; sensually . her lip shine with honey . her eye narrow with pleasure . korben be hypnotize by she lip , like a moth attract to a flame . he begin to lose control , which make he nervous . a indistinct sound come from the wall . but korben be so entrance with the sight of leeloo lick she hony finger , he do not hear it until it become quite a racket . korben you hear that ? leeloo ( lick ) cornelius .. korben oh god ! korben push the button on the wall . the bed pop out , fully make , with cornelius tuck in it , struggle to get out . korben I be really sorry .. let I help you .. korben begin to pull at the cover when .. leeloo achta ge lumitai de matala .. korben turn .. korben what ? he turn to leeloo struggle out of she wet clothes . his breath be take away by the sight of she perfect body . cornelius whacks he heavily on the head with a lamp . korben drop to the floor . leeloo ( displease ) vano da , mechteba ?! soun domo kala chon hammas ! cornelius no , I be not proud of myself ... but we do not have the luxury of choice . 117 int . entrance korben' build - day the police exit the elevator and head for the front door . a cop suddenly take a hit from a silencer , then a second . other be bashed on the head by mangalore warrior . one of they pick up the prisoner bag , take it into a small shed . 118 int . shed aknot , the mangalore leader , be seriously wounded and can not walk . akanit korben Dallas ! we get he . aknot perfect ... take command , akanit . go to fhloston and get the Stones ... if Zorg really want they ... he will have to negotiate . revenge be at hand . 119 int . korben' apartment korben' build - day korben get unsteadily to he foot , some blood drip down he face . he daub at it . korben Jesus !... some priest ! the phone ring , he manage to answer . korben yeah ? mother ( v.o ) have you pull yourself together ? korben ... not yet . he hang up . korben open the fridge door . the three officer be freeze solid . korben grab some ice , press it to he forehead . korben I will take the mission . he close the door . 120 int . airport hall - day cornelius and leeloo ( still damp ) arrive at the Manhattan intergalactic Airport . a huge hall three quarter fill with trash pile up to the ceiling . there be group of extra-terrestrials on strike stand in trash hold picket sign . a security guard pick up a phone off the wall . security guard illegal gather in Zone 4 . a hand tap leeloo from behind . she whip around catch David in the face . cornelius leeloo , be careful . he turn to David who in hold he bloody nose . cornelius do you get they ? David hand cornelius two passport . cornelius excellent ... leeloo Dallas . he hand it to she . the name make she smile . cornelius and korben David Dallas . she frown . leeloo akta dedero ansila do mektet . cornelius I can not pretend to be you husband ... David 's in great shape . she look at David hold he bloody nose . cornelius he will protect you . go on ... see the diva ... get the Stones ... see you at the temple ... God be with you . angle on : korben come rush into the airport . walk quickly , he scope the hall look for leeloo . a police patrol bear down on the striker jostle he . the cop open fire . the striker dive into the garbage and disappear . 121 int . boarding gate David nervously put ticket and id on the check - in counter . leeloo toss she suitcase on the conveyor belt . check -in attendant congratulation on win the contest . David give she a bleak smile . leeloo roll she eye . back a way , korben have spot leeloo and ... David . he head right for they . leeloo 's see he . she be both delighted and panicked . David 's see nothing . korben press one of he finger like a gun to David 's back . korben ( friendly ) hey ! I really think I be go to miss my flight ! ( to David ) thanks , kid ! you put the luggage on the conveyor belt ? david ( freaking ) uh ... yeah . korben ( smile ) great ! now beat it ! paralyze , David leave . korben turn to the attendant . korben Excuse I . I be so afraid I would miss the flight that I send the kid here to pick up my board card . he look at David 's fake id . korben ... my cousin David ... leeloo be unable to hold back a smile . check -in attendant ( look at leeloo 's id ) you wife ? korben grab the id and read it . korben uh , yes ... newlyweds . ( aside ) you know how it be ... Love at first sight . you meet , something go tilt , . you get marry , you hardly know each other . right , darling ? leeloo rip she board card out of the attendant 's hand . leeloo ( sharply ) dinoine chagantakat ! korben take the word right out of my mouth . go on ... I will be right with you . ( to check - in attendant ) it 's we honeymoon . we be go to use the trip to get to know each other better . he wink at the stewardess . angle on : the neighbor and a tawdry young girl cross the airport . the couple in almost knock over by a police patrol hold a 500 pound pig on a stainless steel leash . the couple panic a moment , the realize the patrol be not for they . the pig head for the pile where the striker disappear . cop ( to pig ) come on , snyffer , go root ! the pig pile into the garbage . the cop cut it some slack . cornelius sit at a bar . cornelius ( to the bartender ) I feel so guilty send she to do the dirty work . I know she be make to be strong but she 's also so fragile ... so human . you know what I mean ? the bartender , a robot , nod he head as he pour cornelius a drink . angle on : the nasty neighbor and he wife hand they ticket to the check - in attendant . check -in attendant ( surprised ) Dallas ... korben ... neighbor ( in a different voice ) yes , that 's I . the check - in attendant triggers a transparent blue light that shine on they face , revealing two other face : mangalore . check -in attendant ( smile ) just a minute , please . she hit a silent alarm , but the mangalore feel something be wrong . neighbor we will be right back ... we be gonna check out the duty free ... they spin around and hurry away . angle on : cornelius at the bar , half in the bag . robot the same ? cornelius yeah ... david ( v.o. ) make that two ... cornelius turn to David . cornelius where 's leeloo ? david on the plane ... with Mr. Dallas ... the real one . cornelius it 's all my fault . I be the servant ... it 's my mission ! here ! he hand David the Temple Key from around he neck . cornelius here 's the key to the Temple .. prepare for we arrival ! cornelius toss David 's drink into he own , downs it all in one shot , and take off , pass the mangalore couple head for the exit . they be very nervous . a police patrol be come . this time , it seem to be for they . neighbor ( to the tawdry girl ) tell ak not plan a flop . tell he to go to plan B. the tawdry girl nod and peel off . the neighbor take out a gun and blast away at the cop . the cop fire back . a firefight rage in the hall . the tawdry girl dive into a pile of garbage and disappear . cop ( into walkie- talkie ) ... send in a back - up unit , Zone 7 ! angle on : on one side of the hall , a trap door open . Three pig come run out , grab by they police handler . cornelius wait until everyone have leave , get down on all four and crawl through the trapdoor reserve for the pig . 122 int . first CLASS lounge leeloo stand at the buffet in the first class lounge eat everything in sight . 123 int . hall korben be lead down the hall by a stewardess . stewardess you be so lucky ... loc rhod be the coolest dj in the universe . korben listen ... I do not want to be interview . I would prefer to remain anonymous . the stewardess stop in the corridor . stewardess forget anonymous . you will be do loc rhod 's live show every day from 5 to 7 ! korben ( expression change ) you gotta be kid ! the stewardess smile and shake she head . the door next to he suddenly swing open and smashes he in the face . in walk loc rhod amidst a tornado of music and security guard . he be young , good - look , eccentric , charming as a elf or sly as a fox . a bundle of energy . he be the 24th century 's most popular dj . loc rhod ( speedy , in rhythm ) korben Dallas ! here he be the most hate man in the universe . the one and only winner of the Gemini croquette contest ! lady , start melting ' cause the boy' hot ! hot ! hot ! the boy be perfect .. ( he feel he muscle ) ... the right size , right build , right hair . right on ! say something - to that 50 billion pair of ear out there D -man ! a assistant hand a totally lose korben a mike . korben ( hesitant ) ... hi. loc rhod do it get any better or what ! loc rhod grab korben 's arm and lead he down the hallway , as fast as the music . loc rhod ... quiver lady , he 's gonna set the world on fire right here from 5 to 7 ! you will know everything there be to know about the D -man . his dream , he desire , he most intimate of intimate . and from what I be look at intimate be the stud muffin 's middle name . so tell I my main man ... you nervous in the service ? korben uh ... not really . loc rhod let go of korben 's arm and grab the stewardess . loc rhod freeze that knee , my chickadee , ' cause korben be on the case with a major face ... loc rhod rub up against the stewardess . loc rhod ... start drool , lady ! my man here be a sharp - tongue sire who 's gonna stroke you every desire . they come to a intersection . the airline company have prepare drink for they . loc rhod push on , grab a glass of champagne , scribbles he autograph . loc rhod yesterday 's unknown will be tomorrow 's Prince of fhloston paradise , the hotel of a thousand and one folly , home of luxury and beauty . a magic fountain flow with non-stop wine , woman and bootchie koochie koo ... he toss away he champagne glass . loc rhod beware out there puppy dog my man be on the prowl . Owwww ! howling , loc rhod grab another stewardess by the arm . loc rhod ... and start lick you stamp little girl , this guy 's gonna have you write home to momma ! tomorrow from 5 to 7 , I will be you voice , you tongue and I will be hot on the tail of the sexiest man of the year ... d- man ... you man ... my man . the stewardess shiver . a beep be hear . vocoder ( o.s. ) end of transmission . the music suddenly stop . several assistant come and compliment loc rhod who sigh , light up a cigarette , and drop he pretense . loc rhod korben sweetheart do I a favor I know this be probably the biggest thing that ever happen to you in you inconsequential life . but I have get a show to do here and it 's get to pop . so tomorrow , when we be on air , give I a hand ... try to make believe you have more than a one word vocabulary . ok pal ? that do it . korben grab he by the collar and drag he into a corner . loc rhod 's foot do not touch the ground . korben ( piss ) I do not come here to play dumbo on the radio . so tomorrow between 5 and 7 give yourself a hand , that clear pal ? loc rhod ( petrify ) Crystal . 124 int . airport the check - in attendant have two more ticket in she hand . check -in attendant ( alter a moment , read ) ... Mr. Dallas ... korben Dallas ? Zorg 's right Arm give she a big smile . right arm that 's right . the attendant scan the id with a yellow beam , it check out , and the blue light reveal no other face but he . check -in attendant the problem be I only have one korben Dallas on my list ... and he 's already check in . right Arm 's smile shatter . right arm that 's impossible ! he 's in j... I mean , there must be some mistake . I have my ticket ! I be the real korben Dallas ! a shrill bell ring out . check -in attendant ( smile ) I be sorry , sir , board be finish . the attendant hit a button . a thick window slowly slide up between they . right Arm totally lose it . right arm I want to see you boss ! get rid of this fuck window ! somebody 's make a mistake , goddamnit ! he pound on the counter with both fist . a steel curtain come down . Red sighting beam target spot on he body , ten gun barrel protrude from the wall , all aim at he . voice ( o.s. ) this be not a exercise . this be a police control . put you hand in the nearest yellow circle ... right arm ( slow down ) sorry , my fault ... just a little overexcite ... that 's all ... I be calm now . 125 int . shuttle - day korben make he way in the plane look for he seat . no more seat in modern plane , just individual travel box line up like microwave . he pass steward hold he bloody nose . he have find what he be look for . he enter to .... leeloo quietly stretch out in front of a computer screen . korben slip in beside she . leeloo in concentrate on the word that scroll rapidly past she on the screen . he do not understand what she be do . leeloo apipoulai ! korben not hard to find you ... just follow the Chaos ... leeloo smile , as if compliment . korben leeloo , listen to I ... this ticket ... they be not mine ... I mean they be , but not for vacation like everyone think ... I be on a operation ... and if I do not come get you , you would be in a shitload of trouble ... I would love to be on vacation with you ... but now .... now I have get to work ... and leeloo ... I would love to work in peace . leeloo type in " love " on the keyboard . leeloo Love ... korben yes ! but " love " be not the operative word here , peace be ! leeloo type in this new word . leeloo ( rather pleased ) peace ... and love ... she bring up a picture of a 60' style hippie flash a peace sign . korben sigh and switch off the screen . korben sometimes you can not learn everything from a screen .. sometimes it 's better to ask someone who have experience .. leeloo ( quite happy ) what be ... make Love ? korben just stare at she for a few minute . korben know what ? on that subject maybe you would be better off ask the screen . he turn the computer back on . angle on : a stewardess walk up the aisle of the shuttle push the red button on top of each individual box . voice ( o.s. ) ...to make you flight as short and agreeable as possible , we flight attendant be switch on the timing sleeper which will regulate you sleep during the trip ... angle on : leeloo ( switch off the screen ) ok ! finish ! korben finish what ? leeloo learn language . korben which one ? leeloo all 900 . korben do not know if he should laugh or not . korben you learn 900 language in five minute ?! leeloo ( pleased ) yes ! now it 's you turn ! I learn you language , you have to learn mine ! korben I know how to say " hello " . teach I how to say " good -bye " , that 's all I need . leeloo apipoussan ! korben apipoussan ? leeloo good ! do you know how we say " make love " ? korben ( fumble ) uh ... leeloo ... hoppi-hoppa . korben literally melt . korben ( to himself ) help ... luckily , a stewardess smile at he through the box window . stewardess sweet dream , Mr. Dallas ! the stewardess set the timing sleeper . korben and leeloo immediately fall asleep . a stewardess at the other end of the shuttle have a problem . stewardess 2 Mr. loc rhod you have to assume you individual position . loc rhod ( hugging she ) I do not want a individual position , I want all position ! stewardess 2 ( resisting somewhat ) we be go to take off soon , Mr. rhod ! loc rhod now you be talk ! 126 int . cockpit fhloston space shuttle Three crew member prepare for liftoff . copilot ( on the radio ) molecular axis authorization . vector 130 . destination fhloston . stewardess 1 enter the cockpit . stewardess 1 Zone 1. 217 lock . the sleep regulator be ok . pilot ( check she out ) thanks , miss . the stewardess leave with a smile . a red light flash on the vast control panel . mechanic tell the ground crew we have get parasite in the landing gear . 127 int . airport landing strip - day a ground crew member go over to the truck park under one of the plane 's wing and bang on the side of it with a shout . ground crew member disinfect ! two disinfector in hermetically seal suit exit the truck . they go over to the front landing gear and send up a whoosh beam . the flame burn everything it touch . a pack of repugnant creature fall squealing from the landing gear . a small trapdoor be open under the shuttle and a huge slightly phosphorescent tube fall out . 128 int . airport hall / zorgh office Zorg 's right Arm be in a phone booth in the middle of the hall . right arm yeah , it 's I ... put Zorg on . he be already sweat . zorg ( cold ) I be listen . right arm the real korben Dallas be on the plane ! he take my place . zorg this be a joke , right ? 129 int . shuttle loc rhod be wrap around a stewardess like a snake . loc rhod no !! I swear to God ! I have never be this sincere with a human before ! 130 ext . landing strip two ground crew member stick a enormous , highly phosphorescant tube into the open . ground crew member you be fuel and ready to go . have a nice flight . 131 int . shuttle pilot ( to copilot ) everything ready for liftoff ? 132 int . cabin stewardess ( weakly , to loc rhod ) no , no ... I be not ready ! I would like to talk first ... 133 int . zorgh office / airport hall zorg I can not hear you . we have a bad connection here . what 's you number ? right Arm read off the phone number . right arm 278-500-645-321 zorg I will call you back . 134 ext . landing strip the runway be now empty . a man slip out of the shadow . it 's cornelius . he scurries over to the front landing gear . he pause for a instant , the climb up the wheel well and disappear inside the shuttle . 135 int . shuttle the pilot be go through the pre-flight check list . copilot anti static pressure ? mechanic prime . the mechanic press a series of button . 136 int . cabin loc rhod undoe a series of button on the stewardess ' blouse , behind a curtain . he whisper a poem . impossible to resist he . outside the curtain the stewardess ' leg rise slowly . 137 ext . landing strip on the ground , protective fire curtain rise slowly to contain the engine exhaust on liftoff . 138 int . zorgh office a keyboard slowly appear in front of Zorg . zorg ( type the number ) 278 ... 500 ... 139 series of quick cut : the pilot gradually turn the engine up . copilot 10 second ... pilot power increase . - the stewardess undergoe a power surge from loc rhod that 's about to lift she of . - Zorg finish gleefully type in the number . zorg 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... - the engine at full blast . - the stewardess in close to scream . pilot liftoff . - the copilot push a button . - so do Zorg . - the engine release they full power . - the stewardess scream in ecstasy . - in the hall , right Arm literally explode along with the phone and everything else within 60 foot . 140 int . fhloston space shuttle the stewardess ' leg slowly descend and disappear behind the curtain . 141 int . cockpit in the cockpit , the atmosphere loosen up . copilot ( relax ) landing gear secure . let 's light one up . 142 int . cabin korben and leeloo sleep soundly in they box . leeloo have a smile on she face and she hand in korben 's . 143 ext . outerspace - night the spaceship rocket past we , then suddenly vanish with amazing speed . Space be now empty and calm . billion of star glow in perfect silence . 144 ext . space the nefarious planet in still there , immobile , even larger now , writhe like a serpent . then , suddenly , for no apparent reason , all activity stop and it become gray and cold . 145 int . spaceship in the Admiral 's starship , scientist watch the measure device . one of the device suddenly start work . technician all right ! we be finally get something ! 146 int . president's office the head scientist stand face the President , who be look more tired than ever . head scientist the thing be send out radio wavelengths ! president what the hell do it want with radio wave ? head scientist ... probably want to make a call ! the President and he Generals look at he in astonishment . 147 int . zorgh office Picasso purr contentedly on Zorg 's lap . the phone ring . secretary ( o.s. ) Mr. shadow on the line . Zorg shoot to he foot . Picasso tumble to the floor . Zorg pick up the phone , both excited and uneasy . he stand there , almost come to attention . zorg yes ... Zorg here . the voice be feeble . it come from the far reach of time , from the bowel of the universe . shadow be I disturbing you ? zorg no ... not at all . where be you ? shadow be breathe be awesome . shadow ... not far , now . zorg really ? maybe I can get you on my screen and see you at last ! Zorg bring up a huge screen and push a few button . in the middle of a electronic snowstorm , a blackish , vaguely human , quiverinq form appear . two eye , like lava , give a idea where the head be . Zorg feel sick . shadow do you have the picture now Mr. Zorg ? zorg get it . shadow how 's we deal come along ? zorg ( ill at ease ) Fine , just fine ! I will have the 4 piece you ask for any time now . but it be not easy . my cost have triple . shadow pause a instant . a black slimy liquid start to ooze from the top of the screen . Zorg be feel worse all the time . shadow money be of no importance ... I want the Stones ! the black liquid ooze all over the screen which start to melt . Zorg sweat profusely , he leg tremble . zorg the Stones will be here . I will see to it personally ! shadow ... I can not wait to be among you . Zorg sigh and sit down totally freak . 148 ext . orbit fhloston paradise the space shuttle fill the screen . it bank leave and begin its descent toward fhloston , the turquoise planet . Crystal blue water , perfect white sand beach . a true paradise . 149 int . space shuttle the stewardess pick up a microphone to make a announcement . stewardess lady and gentleman , we have begin we descent toward fhloston paradise ... stewardess walk down the aisle waking the passenger one by one . they press a button on the door of each box . in the corner , loc rhod and the stewardess awake with a start and straighten they clothes quickly . the stewardess be embarrassed . stewardess ( timidly ) I want to tell you that ... loc rhod put on he sunglass and press a finger to she lip . he disappear behind the curtain leave the sighing stewardess on she own . 150 ext . fhloston paradise the spaceship descend through some cloud and glide over a vast turquoise sea . fhloston paradise loom into view . a enormous oceanliner float a dozen yard above the water . on closer inspection it be more modern than a traditional oceanliner . the shuttle draw near , look ridiculously small next to the monster . like a sardine next to a whale . 151 int . cockpit a blink light go on . pilot shit! parasite in Zone 1 . take a look . the 1st mate head off . 152 int . cabin a stewardess open korben 's box door . he be still heavy with sleep . he look over at leeloo . she 's not there . 153 ext . fhloston the tiny space shuttle cling to the huge oceanliner . 154 int . cockpit the Pilot maneuver the ship into it 's docking area . pilot dock activate . you can let the passenger out . 155 int . rear of cockpit the 1st mate pries open the door to a overhead panel . cornelius fall out , hang in a jumble of wire . 156 . int . entrance hall fhloston paradise - day the enormous door open and the passenger exit . leeloo be among they . she appear quite impressed by the beauty and luxury of the 19th century decoration . 157 int . cabin korben attempt to make he way up the shuttle 's aisle . korben ( jostling everybody ) pardon I . Excuse I . I be try to reach my wife .. sorry ! 158 int . entrance hall a dozen policeman wait patiently at the end of the hall . leeloo stop and press against the wall . she spot korben leave the shuttle . a gorgeous hostess come up to he , drape a lei around he neck and plant a kiss on he lip in welcome . hostess ( smile ) welcome to paradise . korben 's face be cover in lipstick . leeloo see he do nothing to stop the girl and she do not like it . a hefty man wear a sarong drape some flower around she neck . then , obviously relishing it , he lean down to kiss she . leeloo bashes he on the forehead . the hefty man straighten up . he 's still smile , but he nose be bleed . he fall slowly to the floor . korben push forward try to spot leeloo . he also try to wipe the lipstick off . leeloo try to escape through a door mark personnel only , but it 's lock . a host look at she with a grin . host ( playful ) if you do not have the code you can not open it ! leeloo smile and punch in a old code and twist the doorknob . the door open with the sound of a brake lock . leeloo smile sweetly and enter as if nothing be amiss . a shriek of joy fill the room . korben turn around . the hostess cluster around loc rhod as he come out of the plane . loc rhod spot korben and latch onto he arm . it 's not go to be easy to remain discrete . loc rhod ( relieved ) my main man ! please do not leave I here alone . my head 's kill I and my ador fan be gonna tear I apart ! get I outta here ! korben I will take you to the bar , after that , you be on you own . loc rhod ( hang on to korben ) oh , yes ! do that ! you treat I right , man . tell I all about yourself , you root , you personal life , you childhood dream ... korben I do not think this be a good time ... loc rhod ... you get brother and sister ? what about you dad ? tell I about you dad ! what be he like ? physically ? Big , I suppose ? korben ( evasive ) yeah , very big , a giant . loc rhod I do not have a dad ... never see he ... never even hear he . 50 billion people listen to I every day ... and he do not hear I ... 159 int . SMALL room fhloston paradise - day leeloo be in a small room , ear at the door , listen . everything seem normal . she turn and discover the room for what it be : a rest room for ... three cop who look up from they book and stare blankly at she . leeloo do not know what to do . so she smile . 160 int . hall - omit 161 int . MAIN hall fhloston paradise - omit 162 ext . orbit fhloston paradise - dusk - omit 163 int . the control room fhloston paradise - dusk - omit 164 int . korben' stateroom the door open . the hostess turn on the light and enter . korben follow she , gape at all the luxury . the baggage boy enter bring leeloo 's two suitcase . korben grab the notice announce diva plavalaguna 's concert at 5:30 in that evening . dress : formal attire . korben for the concert it say formal attire ... I do not bring ... the hostess pull back the closet door . twenty tuxedo in a row . hostess ( look he over ) here 's some champagne . I will drop by after the concert to open it . she give he a blind smile and close the door . korben push a button . the curtain open to reveal a most spectacular view of the turquoise planet . star shoot out into infinity . breathtake . korben stand gape . the phone ring , snap he out of he reverie . korben hello ? mother ( o.s. ) you little sleaze bag ! korben ... ma ??? mother ( o.s. ) do not you ever ask I for another thing in my life again , you have kill you poor mother with you own hand ! korben drop into a armchair and sigh . his eye go to the ceiling . korben ... ma !!! 165 int . control room fhloston paradise - omit 166 int . fhloston paradise police office - day the Chief of Police have cornelius in front of he , handcuff . fog the diva 's ship be come in . chief of police I want maximum security . fog yes. Sir ! chief of police ( to cornelius ) ok , let 's hear it . cornelius where be I ? chief of police ( bored ) ... you open the door . there 's a cabby with a girl in he arm . fog open the door . two cop come hobbling in all bloody and bandage . they hold up a third cop . chief of police what happen ? a bomb go off in you face ? beat -up cop yeah ... a 5 foot 7 inch bomb ... with green eye . cornelius perk up . cornelius and the smile of a angel ? they all turn to look at he . cornelius ( to Chief ) May I speak to you alone . 167 int . corridor fhloston paradise - day leeloo watch the diva 's arrival . a door open and two policeman clear the way for diva plavalaguna , she manager , she bodyguard and a gaggle of porter carry trunk . not want to draw attention to herself , leeloo feign interest in a painting that be obviously upside down . a white chiffon veil cover the face of the diva , she stop in front of leeloo . the diva reach out and stroke leeloo 's face , without touch she . the diva remove she hand make a sound of crackle electricity , then pass on . leeloo be groggy . the diva 's assistant come up to she . diva' assistant please forgive this little incident . she want you to know that she sense great power in you ... in the service of a noble cause ... she will give you what you have come to get , but she want to sing first ... one last time ... the diva 's assistant turn the painting right side up . diva' assistant ( nodd ) miss . leeloo look at the painting , seem to understand it better . 168 ext . diva' suite policeman stand at attention in front of the diva 's suite . fog hello , I be head of security . everything be in order . you can ... the diva enter she suite without let he finish . fog ... make yourselves at home safely . if you need anything ... give it a knock ! 169 int . police office hallway - night a door open near the police officer 's main entrance . cornelius look both way . then cross the hall , drag the Chief of Police by the foot . 170 int . korben' stateroom korben finish put on he tux , still on the phone . korben listen , ma! I have only get a few day vacation and I will be damned if I be gonna spend they on the phone . the door ring . korben ... hang on , it 's the door . no ! I tell you I do not bring anybody ! I be all alone ... as usual ! korben open the door . it 's not the champagne . even better . it 's leeloo . korben ( to he mother ) ... I will call you back . leeloo head right for she suitcase and start to undress . korben have to turn away once more . korben here we go again ... leeloo ( by rote ) you know woman normally change five time more than man . korben you get that off the screen ? leeloo yes ... you know there 's a lot of difference between man woman . korben you notice .. leeloo ok , you can turn around ! korben turn around . leeloo have put on a very simple dress which be sexy to the max . he be smitten . so much so that leeloo wonder if something be not quite right . korben where you go ? leeloo I be go to see the diva sing . what 's the matter ?... do I look bad ? korben no , not at all ! I mean , just the opposite , you be ... you be beautiful ! leeloo smile at he , he compliment please she . she turn , revealing she unzipper back . korben can not help but stare at she bare flesh . her perfect bottom . leeloo do you know how this work ? korben 's blood boil . she wriggle , press she hand together close to the zipper . korben I have a idea . but instead of pull on the zipper he slip a bracelet on she wrist . a flourescent beam burst out of the bracelet and form a vertical bar go from the floor to the ceiling . stun , leeloo be hold captive . korben I tell you I need to work in peace . remember ? I need to concentrate . leeloo and you can not concentrate with I around ?. korben it 's difficult . she try to breakout . korben Army issue . I be sorry . leeloo try desperately to get out of the handcuffs . impossible . korben set the radio down in front of she and turn it on . leeloo look like she would like to break he head . leeloo ( seethe ) you be nothing but a ... a ... korben the word you be look for be not in the dictionary you study . I will not be long . the door fly open . loc rhod barge in . loc rhod hey stud we gotta ... then he see the scene , leeloo cuffed , in a low cut dress . his mind go to the obvious . loc rhod korben my man what 's happen here ? who 's the chick ? what 's the gig ? we free form here ? get funky with the monkey ? can I get in on this ? korben grab he by the collar .. korben no ..to all of the above . and yank loc rhod out of the room . leave leeloo look extremely unhappy . 171 int . radio - omit 172 int . loc rhod' stateroom fhloston paradise - night - omit 173 int . hall - omit 174 int . bathroom - omit 175 int . diva' suite fhloston paradise - night - omit 176 int . fhloston paradise opera - night loc rhod and korben enter what turn out to be a replica of the garnier Opera in Paris . a hostess escort they to they seat . loc rhod ( broadcasting ) we have just walk into what be probably the most beautiful concert hall in the universe . totally awesome ! magnificent painting on the ceiling . I do not know who paint they , but he must have bust he ball ! I see a row of former minister , more sinister than minister ! a few general practice how to sleep . and there 's baby Ray , star of stage and screen , drown in a sea of nymphet . he 's not gonna get much out of this concert , he 's stone - deaf ! angle on : baby Ray bend he ear to a girl ask for a autograph . baby ray ...to who ? loc rhod ( move down the aisle ) ... and over there be Roy von Bacon , the king of laserball and the best pay player in the League . ( shake hand as he go by ) ... and over there be the Emperor kodar japhet whose daughter aachen be still at the bar . " I love to sing , too , but in the shower " , she recently confess to I . she will no doubt prove to be as generous tonight as she always be . a waiter give they two glass of champagne . track with the waiter a he leave the hall with he empty tray . he enter a small room reserve for staff . 177 int . staff room fhloston paradise - night the waiter join some other waiter . they be well armed . he open a cupboard and pull out a humongous weapon . suddenly they face burn off revealing akanit , the young leader of the mangalore , and he troops . akanit it 's showtime ! 178 int . concert hall the light dim slowly in the concert hall . 179 int . president's office President lindbergh and he staff , include munro , sit at the desk . speaker appear . 180 int . korben' suite leeloo , still a prisoner , listen to the concert . 181 int . concert hall korben be tense . the curtain rise . the diva , in a stun gown , stand in the center of the stage , head bow . behind she , a star fill window . the music begin . the diva look up , a rare beauty , but a alien . and then she begin to sing . her voice be divine , unmatch . korben be sweep up in the tear . 182 int . korben' suite leeloo have tear in she eye 183 int . diva' suite the manager could not care less about the concert . his main problem be the bottle of scotch he can not seem to open . the doorbell ring . manager ( ugly mood ) yeah !? voice ( o.s. ) Flowers for the diva . manager she 's allergic to flower !!! voice ( o.s. ) there 's champagne as well ... the manager take one look at the stubborn bottle and open the door . and find himself stare down the barrel of a gun . a dozen mangalore rush in . one of they , with a human face , close the door and wait out in the hall . angle on : cornelius watch from around the corner . cornelius ... my God ! 184 int . control room fhloston paradise captain Commander , I have a ship with a main malfunction . he request permission to dock for repair . commander do you check out he registration number ? captain everything 's in order . commander put he in the docking garage and inform the police . 185 int . cockpit zfx200 - night captain ( v.o. ) permission grant . dock 575 . you have a hour . will that be enough time ' ? Zorg sit at the control . zorg ( cold ) more than enough . 186 ext . fhloston paradise - night the zfx approach fhloston . 187 int . korben' suite the ship come close enough for leeloo to see it out the window . flashback : the same ship with mangalore at the control attack the mondoshawan at the beginning of we story . 188 int . korben' suite leeloo be alarmed . she have to act . she seize the flourescent bar beam with great effort and ram it into the ceiling , mark a hole large enough for she to escape . 189 int . closet fhloston paradise cornelius burst into the closet he leave the Chief of Police tie and gag in . he quickly unty he . cornelius ( in a panic ) mangalore ! the diva 's suite ! they want the Sacred Stones ! they must be stop . we must stop they !. I be go to free you but you must promise to help I ! the Chief of Police nod he agreement . 190 int . diva' suite the mangalore have trash the suite . one of the mangalore finally find a case engrave with the four element . mangalore I have it . the mangalore be about to open the case when ... leeloo descend quietly and gracefully from the ceiling . time stand still . leeloo ( smile ) apipoulai ! 191 int . concert hall the diva switch from classical music to funk , pick up the tempo . intercut ': 192 int . diva' suite / concert hall . a warrior whip out the biggest knife ever make and rush leeloo . she disarm he gracefully . a violent fight break out . the diva sing and leeloo dance . the mangalore pay a heavy price for the show . 193 int . corridor hear noise from inside the suite , the mangalore by the door get nervous . he run for reinforcement . 194 int . police station cornelius enter the police station wear handcuffs . the Chief of Police be behind he hold a gun . 195 int . diva' suite / concert hall leeloo knock out the last mangalore just as the diva finish she song to a burst of applause . the diva take a bow . so do leeloo . 196 int . room akanit and he man listen to the concert . the mangalore guard run in . mangalore they be wait for we ! it be a ambush ! akanit if it 's war they want it 's war they will get ! enact the final plan ! all the mangalore cock they weapon . 197 int . diva' suite leeloo be about to open the case when the door explode . Zorg be there hold a zf1 . zorg my compliment , little lady ! ... and thanks for do all the dirty work ! I could not have do it any better myself ! ( sharply ) ... now hand over the Stones ! leeloo smile and hand he the case . Zorg arm the zf1 and get ready to kill she . zorg Nice know you . leeloo catch on quickly . she kick the scotch bottle on the floor into the gun which throw Zorg 's shot off . she jump to the ceiling and disappear in a air vent . furious , Zorg fire at the ceiling . 198 int . airshaft leeloo dodge the bullet as best as she can . 199 int . suite Zorg fire he 3000 round clip . the ceiling look like a piece of swiss cheese . Zorg stick a small cylinder in the wall and flick it on . the number flash by tell we it 's a bomb . the timer read : 19 minute and 59 second . zorg ( with a crafty smile ) you can run but you can not hide ... 200 int . police office fhloston paradise - night cornelius be seat opposite the Chief of Police . a medic be bandage the chief 's head . the door explode . the cop outside in riddled with bullet . a dozen mangalore attack the police office . akanit be at they head . the policeman be catch unaware . akanit nobody move ! we be take over this ship ! the Chief of Police be goggle - eye . cornelius lean toward he . cornelius ( pleased with himself ) I tell you ... 201 int . corridor Zorg have the case and exit the suite just as the general alarm go off . he sigh in exasperation . 202 int . concert hall Three mangalore suddenly rush into the opera hall shoot . mangalore 1 everyone down ! there be panic all around . loc rhod ( broadcasting , panic stricken ) lady and gentleman , I think we be be ... attack . the place be crawl with warrior . 203 int . president's office President lindberg and he general look very worried . 204 int . concert hall some security guard open fire one of the mangalore be hit . the other turn they gun on the cop . people scream , diving for cover . korben bide he time . more mangalore rush in from all around shoot . two cop be kill . the diva ... take a bullet . she fall from the stage into korben 's arm . he lower she to the floor . korben ignore the panic all around and wrap she in he dinner jacket , try to stop the blue blood spurting from she wound . 205 ext . / int . space around fhloston Zorg 's zfx200 speed away from the boat . Zorg be at the control , a devilish smile on he lip . zorg you want something do , do it yourself ! 206 int . concert hall Fighting rage all around in the concert hall , but korben be oblivious to it . he set the diva 's head delicately on the floor . loc rhod be hide nearby , still on the air . loc rhod ( voice low , panicked ) they be hideous . they have get a crest on the head , the eye of a toad and finger all over they hand . totally hideous ! 207 int . president's office . munro ( worried ) ... mangalore ! president send a battalion out immediately ! 208 int . concert hall korben ( to the diva ) I be send by the government to help you . diva do not worry . this be my fate ... how be the concert ? korben be a little surprised , but ... the diva be a artist . korben I have never hear anything so beautiful in my life . a mangalore jump on they from the stage . korben make short work of he and grab he gun . diva ( weak ) you be a good man ... she be right to have choose you ... korben who ? diva the fifth element ... the Supreme be ... you wife ... korben be floor . korben leeloo ... be ... she 's ... diva yes , and more than that ... you must give she the Stones , she 's the only one who know how to use they . korben ( to himself , suddenly realize ) ... so cornelius be tell the truth ! 209 int . police station the mangalore tie up cornelius and the Chief of Police together . cornelius ( to the Chief of Police ) of course I be tell you the truth !... if you have listen to I in the first place , we would not be in this predicament now ! 210 int . concert hall korben waste two more mangalore . diva she need you . she need you help and you love . she 's more fragile than she seem ... korben look around , ready for another attack . korben ... yeah , so be I . the diva take he hand . diva she be teach to love the life of other ... but not she own . you have to teach she to love if you want she to truly live ! korben ( uncomfortable ) I will help she , I promise , but I think you should tell I where the Stones be ! diva do you love she ? korben I ... I do not know ! we hardly know each other ... it take time ! diva I do not have time ... I need to know . korben listen , the last time I admit to a woman I love she ... I never see she again . diva I would like to have die in peace ... the diva 's eye close . 211 int . diva' suite the timer on Zorg 's bomb click over to " 15 minute " . 212 int . concert hall korben you tell I to save the world then you go off and leave I in the shit ! he shake she , gently slapping she cheek . korben come on ! you be not gonna die in peace ! you be not go to die at all ! you hear I ? where be the Stones ? 213 int . spaceship Zorg set the Sacred case on a table in the cockpit . he open it with a complacent smile : it 's empty ! he can not believe he eye . he go berserk , destroy everything in sight . 214 int . concert hall korben slap the diva soundly . she come around somewhat . korben I be sorry , but ... the Stones ... diva ( very weak ) they be ... with I ... the diva die . Blue blood stream from she mouth . korben frisk the diva but do not find anything . the shoot slowly stop in the theatre . the mangalore be now in total control . mangalore 2 stay calm and nobody will get hurt ! hand on you head and into the hall ! the guest comply korben ( to himself ) ... the Stones be with I ? and then it occur to he . korben ... in I ? he touch the diva 's stomach and sense something hard . gird himself , he stick he hand in the wound and pull out a Sacred Stone . then another . and another . korben pull out all four Stones , cover in blue blood . everyone have leave the theater . the mangalore check the aisle one by one . loc rhod peek out from under a seat . loc rhod do not you think we would better be go ? a mangalore spot korben kneel alongside the diva . he grab korben by the shoulder and poke he with he gun . mangalore hey , you ! with the other ! korben spin and , in one swift motion , break he arm . just for starter . another warrior rush over . korben punch he into oblivion and snatch the gun . korben that 's it ... I have have ... all day people have be stick gun in my face ... korben wrap up the four Stones in he shirt . loc rhod korben man ... this dude be go to waste we if we do not do what they say . korben give he the package and grab he mike . korben you do not do what I say ... I will waste you myself . get it ? loc rhod get it ... 215 int . president's office President lindberg dab he sweaty face with a towel . 216 int . police station akanit be still in the police station face control screen . he bark into a walkie-talkie . akanit what 's the situation in the hall ? 217 int . hall hostages be be gather in the middle of the hall . they be surround by mangalore who guard they . mugger ( into walkie- talkie ) there 's no more resistance . everything 's under control . Three mangalore be suddenly blast through the glass door lead to the theater . korben burst into the hall , two huge gun in he hand . korben everybody down ! korben take out two more warrior come towards he , roll behind a column . laser bullet sting all around he head . loc rhod this be amazing ! korben , korben Dallas , the winner of the Gemini croquette contest just kill three warrior like he be swatting fly ... panic everywhere ! heavy fire fill the hall . angle on : Roy von Bacon , the laserball player , rise from the floor behind a mangalore , grab he and smashes he head into a column , seize the gun . angle on : two mangalore fire a huge machine gun at the column korben be use for cover . he dive for cover behind the bar . angle on : two mangalore watch awestruck . Roy whistle behind they . the two mangalore turn around . Roy bonk they head together . loc rhod it 's Roy von Bacon , the lion center forward join in the battle ... someone tap loc rhod on the shoulder . he jump with fright . princess aachen ( hot to trot ) all this be terribly exciting , hmmm ? loc rhod cover he mike . loc rhod get off my back ! a mangalore shoot in they direction . loc rhod flatten himself on the floor . a vase fall on the princess knock she out . a mangalore load some missile in he gun and destroy the bar piece by piece force korben to move forward . korben motion to baby Ray hide under the pool table . korben toss I the ball ! baby ray ( terrify , still deaf ) what ? another piece of the bar explode . korben the ball for Christ 's sake ! korben ape play pool , but baby Ray really be stone- deaf . emperor japhet he want the ball ! you deaf or something ? the emperor roll the ball over to korben . the mangalore load more missile and shatter another part of the bar . korben hide behind the last bit leave . korben how far be he from here ? the emperor glance at the mangalore , who in reloading . emperor I would say about thirty yard to the leave . korben heft the ball , jump up and hurl it with blind speed . the mangalore catch it right in the head . he drop , fire in the air . the missile strike the ceiling which collapse on he . the emperor give korben a thumb 's up . loc rhod ... and we man korben have literally knock out the opposition with a amazing 90 foot pitch . the cop on the floor rise , scoop up weapon from dead mangalore and lay down a line of fire at the last of the flee rebel . Roy whirl he arm in victory . fog thanks for you help . korben forget it . korben grab loc rhod and take he with he . 218 int . korben' suite korben burst into the room . he stare at the luminous bar still strike to the ground and see the hole leeloo escape through . korben leeloo ??? 219 int . diva' suite - ceiling leeloo in bleed all over . she can barely move . leeloo ( feeble ) kor ... ban ... 220 ext . near fhloston the zfx 200 speed back toward fhloston paradise . 221 int . diva' suite the bomb timer now read 10 minute . 222 int . police station hallway - fhloston paradise the last of the mangalore have barricade themselves in the back of the station and shoot at anything that try to enter . korben join the policeman already there . cop 1 hey , who be you ? korben the winner of the Gemini croquette contest . korben go to the door and peek around the corner . loc rhod arrive . korben Seven to the leave . five to the right . cop what 's he do ? korben lean around the corner and fire rapidly . korben six to the leave . one to the right . loc rhod he 's on vacation . korben ( reloading ) we get to find the leader . mangalore do not fight without a leader . 223 int . police station akanit get up , grab cornelius by the throat and put a gun to he head . akanit one more shot and we start kill hostage , get that ? 224 int . police station hallway korben found he ... akanit ( tense ) send someone to negotiate ! korben mind if I go ? I be a excellent negotiator . cop 1 uh ... sure , go ahead . korben get ready . cop 1 we be send someone in who 's authorize to negotiate . 225 int . police station korben walk quickly into the room , head straight for akanit , raise he gun and put a bullet through he head . korben anyone else want to negotiate ? cop 2 ( to another cop ) where would he learn to negotiate like that ? 226 int . president's office munro from we ! the President give munro a hard look . 227 int . control room the police round up the remain mangalore . korben be at the control center screen try to find leeloo . cornelius come over to he , embarrassed . cornelius you be probably very angry with I and I quite understand . but I want you to know I be fight for a noble cause . korben yeah , I know ... to save the world ... but right now all I want to do be save leeloo . cornelius leeloo 's in trouble ? korben when be she not in trouble ? cornelius uh.. have you try the diva 's suite ? korben realize that cornelius in probably right . 228 int . fhloston paradise landing dock and garage the zfx200 settles in the landing dock garage . security police approach the ship just as Zorg in get out hold the zf1 . policeman more trouble ? zorg nothing I can not fix myself . he bring up the zf1 and wipe out the garage . 229 int . diva' suite korben enter the diva 's suite which be in shamble . he look everywhere , but find nothing . 230 int . airshaft leeloo lie in a pool of blood . she hear something below she . 231 int . diva' suite exhausted , loc rhod wipe he forehead and find himself face to face with the bomb stick on the wall . korben in busy look for leeloo . korben ( loudly ) leeloo ? up in the airshaft , leeloo have hear he . leeloo korben ... her voice be too weak , korben can not hear she . loc rhod korben man ... what the hell be this ? korben give the bomb a prefunctory glance . korben a molecular bomb . Three minute leave on the timer . loc rhod ( increasingly worried ) and , uh , what be this number click by ? cornelius probably the time remain before it explode . cornelius smile and continue he search . loc rhod ( weak smile ) you be just say that to scare I ! right ? if it be a bomb , a alarm would have go off . there 's bomb detector in all this hotel ! a general alarm go off . loc rhod be crush . 232 int . MAIN hall the light flicker . voice ( o.s. ) this be a type a alert . for security reason the hotel must be evacuate . please proceed calmly to the lifeboat locate in the main hallway . a wave of panic engulf the hall . the cop be unable to hold back the crowd as it stampede to the exit . 233 int . corridor Zorg march down the corridor shoot everyone in he path . 234 int . diva' suite loc rhod stand paralyze in front of the flash timer . less than two minute leave . loc rhod maybe we oughta be go , what do you think ? korben not without leeloo . loc rhod can not take he eye off the bomb . loc rhod like D - man , I hate to bother you but uh , like , we be down to 2 minute here ... korben breathes out , bother . he turn he attention to the bomb . korben it 's the latest model .. I have never see one before ... it work off a magnetic code card ... let 's see if I can rig it up . 235 int . airshaft leeloo stick she finger out one of the bullet hole and let some of she blood drip down . the blood splat on korben 's hand . he snap he head up and know immediately who be up there . he forget about the bomb . loc rhod hey ! what be you do ? the bomb ! korben drag the desk over , jump on it and poke he head in the tear up airshaft he spot leeloo who give he a weak smile . korben do not worry , I be here now ! he pull she toward he , help she out of the shaft and stretch she out on the desk . korben just relax . I have get the Stones . everything 's go to be fine . 30 second leave on the timer . loc rhod ( fall to piece ) like korben , can I have 30 second of you time here ? korben ( to leeloo ) I will be right back . korben dash over to the bomb . he be stop by the barrel of the zf1 . Zorg , in person , hold a magnetic card . zorg ( smile ) allow I ... Zorg slip a small magnetic card in the bomb , it start to count down from 5 minute . zorg just for the fun of it . loc rhod faint . zorg well , what do we have here ? be this korben Dallas ? the famous winner of the Gemini croquette contest ? or be this korben Dallas from special section send by old lindberg himself . korben do not reply . zorg ... in any event , whoever you be , I be glad to meet you . Zorg fire at korben who figure he be dead . nothing . Zorg try again . nada . the clip be empty . Zorg start to panic . zorg ...a 3000 round clip ! I do not fire off 3000 round ... do I ? korben do not you know how to count . it 's not all that hard . watch ! korben punch he square in the face , show he he index . korben one ! that 's for try to kill I ! second punch . korben two ! that 's for fire I ! Three ! that 's for push around a priest ! and the rest be for what you do to my wife ! korben pummel he mercilessly . 236 int . president's office President lindberg prefer close he eye . munro 's shoulder move as if he be beat on Zorg . 237 int . diva' suite Zorg fall to the floor , beat to a pulp . the timer click over to 3 minute . korben we be outta here ! he pick leeloo up in he arm . cornelius grab loc rhod and give he a resounding slap . loc rhod be you nut , Father ? that hurt ! I can not feel my tooth . cornelius do not matter all you need be you leg . 238 ext . fhloston paradise - night the lifeboat launch from the hotel and fly out into space . 239 int . fhloston paradise landing dock garage korben , carry leeloo , cornelius and loc rhod be in the garage . voice ( o.s. ) two minute to complete evacuation ... korben burst the lock on the first ship he find and enter follow by cornelius and loc rhod . the zfx200 . 240 int . diva' suite Zorg start to come around . 241 int . zfx200 korben set leeloo down . 242 int . diva' suite Zorg pick up he zf1 , unaware of the bomb and the countdown . zorg I do not fire three thousand round ... 243 int . zfx2o0 cockpit voice ( o.s. ) one minute to total evacuation ... loc rhod you know how to fly this thing ? korben ( concentrate ) it 's like a cab be not it ? voice 30 second ... korben anyone know how to release the line on this crate ? 244 int . diva' suite Zorg be busy with the zf1 when the bomb start to beep signal the last ten second . Zorg be terror stricken . he push a button and hold the zf1 over he head . zorg ( loudly ) maximum Protection . a mauve- color magnetic shield close around Zorg like a indestructible sarcophagus . 245 int . zfx200 cockpit cornelius and loc rhod be bent over the button look for a way to release the line . voice ( o.s. ) 6 ... 5 ... korben found it ? loc rhod search frantically . loc rhod I do not even know what I be look for ! korben fuck it ! hold tight ! korben slam the throttle into full forward . the ship roar away rip the line to shred . loc rhod be throw to the rear of the ship . CUT to : the counter go 1 ... 0 - the suite disintegrate - the corridor be consume . - the main hall be no more . 246 ext . fhloston paradise the zfx200 jet away as the enormous oceanliner explode behind it . 247 int . zfx200 the ship stop shaking . that be a close one . everyone 's relieved . korben solid little job , be not they ? loc rhod ( broadcasting , exhaust ) dear listener , you favorite dj be alive and kick . it 's seven o'clock and time for the news . tune in tomorrow for another adventure . vocoder ( o.s. ) beep . end of transmission . loc rhod let out a huge sigh . loc rhod ( to the other ) the best show I ever do ! 248 ext . planet fhloston a magnetic sarcophagus cross the fhloston sky and crash into a glacier . 249 ext . fhloston Zorg appear in the middle of the ice . he take a portable phone out of the zf1 . zorg how 's that ? can you hear I better now ? secretary ( o.s. ) yes , Mr. Zorg , I hear you perfectly ! so , how be the concert ? zorg who give a shit ! I do not come here to listen to music ! listen up instead of run off at the mouth ! the battery on my phone be almost go . secretary ( o.s. ) yes , Sir ! zorg dispatch I another zfx200 immediately . someone steal mine . secretary ( o.s. ) right away , Sir . I will send you a new one to the hotel . zorg I be not at the hotel ! zorg hello ?... beeper ( o.s. ) battery dead . Zorg be all alone , lose , in the middle of the glacier . zorg ( to himself ) stay calm .... stay calm ... 250 int . president's office General munro enter the office with a smile . munro Major Dallas have the five element on board . the priest be guide they directly to the temple . President lindberg close he eye in relief . president thank God ! we have be save ! a scientist rush in . scientist Mr. President . president yes ? now , what ? 251 ext . space a ball of fire , all - powerful evil , speed across the screen with three Federal Army warship follow along behind it as best they can . 252 int . president's office president what do you mean , " its advance " ?! 253 int . cockpit federate warship commander it 's not only advance , but it 's move at incredible speed ! we be have trouble follow it . 254 int . president's office president ( to scientist ) ... and ... do you have any idea where it 's head ? the scientist be hard to put to answer , he shake he head . 255 int . zfx200 cockpit - night korben gently wipe leeloo 's forehead with a cloth . she open she eye a little . korben ( gentle , loving ) apipoulai .. leeloo smile , weakly , feverish . leeloo I be so very sad . korben why ? we do pretty well , would not you say ? leeloo five hundred war ... arm ... drug ... money ... everything you create be use to destroy ... korben I tell you not to read all that crap ! leeloo protect life ... until death . her eye close and she fall back asleep . korben be worried . she seem so depressed . cornelius enter . cornelius there 's a General on the phone ... his name 's mambo , I think . 256 int . president's office munro munro here . President lindberg want to talk to you . hold the line . the President clear he throat and take the phone . president Major , first off , I want to thank you , in my name and in the name of the federation ... 257 int . zfx200 / president's office president ( o.s. ) for the praiseworthy courage you have show we ! I would like to congratulate General munro for he choice . he find the ideal man for such a ... korben ( to the point ) so now what 's the problem ? the President drop into he armchair and sigh . president there 's a ball of fire 1,200 mile in diameter head straight for the earth . and we have no idea how to stop it ! ... that 's the problem . korben think fast . the Priest be with he . the five element be on board . korben how much time before the collision ? the President query the scientist with a nod of the head . scientist if its speed remain constant ... in a hour and 57 minute . korben ( o.s. ) I will call you back in two hour . korben hang up . the President look stunne . 258 ext . space the zfx200 shift to the speed of light and vanish in the star-studded cosmos . 259 int . chapel David be asleep . he be wake by the sound of ... 260 ext . desert - dawn the zfx200 be park in the middle of the desert . korben walk ahead carry leeloo . cornelius have the four Stones with he . barely awake , loc rhod stumble along . David appear at the door of the chapel . david you be all safe . thanks be to God ! cornelius later , David ! later ! there 's not a minute to lose ! the small group enter the chapel . 261 int . chapel cornelius push the group onto the altar which be surround by a wooden barrier . cornelius stand in front of the cross . korben Excuse I , Father , but ... could we pray later ? cornelius bend the cross and push it down . a mechanism be set off lowering the altar like a service elevator . the altar descend amid rocky wall . 262 int . president's office munro they just land in the desert . president ( sweat ) how much time be leave ? 263 ext . space Earth be in view . the Dark Planet fill the screen and head for the blue planet . 264 int . president's office scientist about nine minute . President lindberg have trouble breathe . 265 int . temple lit by torch , korben set leeloo delicately on the altar in the exact center of the four element . cornelius look over the four Stones every which way . cornelius ( panic-stricken ) uh , this one ... must be water ! it 's obvious he do not know where to put it . korben do not tell I you do not know how all this work ? cornelius theoretically , yes ! the four Stones form the beam and the fifth element be suppose to stand in the middle there , but ... I do not have the reference book . I have never see the Stones work ! korben can not believe he ear . he tear the Stone out of cornelius ' hand and study the inscription . he go over to one of the four basis the stone rest on and try to figure it out . the symbol of air be on the Stone , the same as on the base . korben Match the symbol ! korben place the first Stone and pick up another one . cornelius have find the symbol for water . loc rhod sit down . he be very tired . loc rhod what be this some kinda game ? like chess ? korben pull he to he foot and stick a Stone in he hand . korben no . it 's much simpler . if we do not figure out where this Stones go in five minute , we be all dead ! think you get it ? loc rhod 's get it and run over to put in he Stone . the four Stones be all in place but nothing happen . korben there 's no light ! you tell I there be suppose to be four beam of light . cornelius ( lose ) yes , of course , but ... the Stones be shut ! they have to be open for it to work . korben and you do not know how they open , be that what you be say ? cornelius that 's what I be say . 266 ext . space the Dark Planet close in on Earth rapidly . 267 int . chapel korben lean over leeloo . korben leeloo ? the Stones ! we have to open they ! how do it work ? leeloo ( feeble ) the wind blow ... the fire burn ... korben I know all that , leeloo ! I be talk about the Stones . leeloo ... the rain fall ... korben be desperate . leeloo 's too weak , he will not get anything more out of she . he dart over to a Stone and turn it over and over . korben the rain fall ... the wind blow ? loc rhod stand in front of he Stone look at korben . korben try and figure out how this fuck thing open , instead of stare at I like that ! loc rhod start feel the Stone all around . loc rhod ( afraid ) I be look , I be look . 268 int . president's office the tension be palpable in the President 's office . scientist ... Three minute . munro we have lose contact with they . 269 int . chapel korben and cornelius turn the Stones every which way . all to no avai1 . loc rhod be discourage . loc rhod ... we will never make it . he sigh . Three hook pop off the Stone . loc rhod can not believe he eye . loc rhod it ... it move ! korben ! korben ! korben rush over , look at the Stone . hook be undone . korben what do you say ? what do you do ? loc rhod nothing ! swear to God , I do not do nothing ! korben look , you do something that set it off . try to remember . concentrate . tell I exactly what you do !! loc rhod try to duplicate the same movement . loc rhod I be like this ... with my hand here and ... I say , " we will never make it ! " that 's all ! nothing happen . korben be that all ? loc rhod yeah ... then I sigh ... like this . loc rhod sigh , really depressed this time . the Stone open even more . korben 's get it . korben the wind ! the wind blow ... korben blow on the Stone which immediately open revealing a patch of blue sky with some miniature cloud float around inside . a yellow beam pop up like a ray of sunlight , like korben 's smile . korben quickly , everyone on a Stone ! Water for water ! Fire for fire ! Earth for earth ! the two man move fast . korben on the 4th Stone : Earth . he grab a fistful of earth and throw it on the Stone . a miniature patch of green appear and immediately form a green beam . cornelius wipe he forehead with a scarf and wring it out over the Stone . it open revealing a patch of miniature raging sea . a blue beam appear . loc rhod have a problem . loc rhod ( shaking ) I do not have a light . I stop smoking last week ! if we would come a bit sooner ... korben pat he pocket , he come up with a box of match . there 's only one leave . korben do not breathe . loc rhod and cornelius hold they breath . korben strike the match . a small flame appear on the tip . a breeze go through the room . korben feel like he 's get tnt in he hand . he approach the flame to the Stone . the flame twist , dim , flicker ... but hold on . the Stone open . a patch of miniature fire appear . korben sigh , snuff out the match . the fourth beam , a red one , immediately form . 270 ext . space a mass of fire fill the screen . the Earth be only a thousand mile away . 271 int . president's office scientist two more minute . the President shut he eye . his lid move in prayer . 272 int . chapel korben help leeloo onto she foot where the four beam and four color crisscross . korben it 's up to you now , angel ! leeloo I be so tired ... korben you can sleep tomorrow ... come on ... leeloo I want to sleep ... forever ... korben leeloo ! listen to I ! I will take you on a vacation afterwards ! a real vacation , this time , for as long as you want . come on ! you can do it ! korben slowly release leeloo and step back from the altar . leeloo can barely stand in the center of the four beam . a indistinct white beam begin to form around she , start to rise . cornelius come on leeloo ! come on ! the beam lose its intensity . leeloo crumple to the floor . 273 ext . space the Dark Planet hurtle toward Earth . a hundred mile before impact . the African continent be visible . no doubt about it : the fireball be head right for Egypt . 274 int . president's office second tick away relentlessly on the scientist 's stopwatch . scientist it will be enter the atmosphere in one minute . 275 int . chapel the heat in the temple be unbearable . all the wall start to ooze the same horrible black slimy liquid see at Zorg 's . a drop of liquid fall to the temple floor and begin to smoke , eat away at it like acid . loc rhod have to dodge another drop of the stuff . korben quickly straighten leeloo up and put she back in the center of the beam . korben leeloo ! if you do not get on with the program we be all gonna die ! and that 's not on my agenda for today . leeloo wrap she arm around korben 's neck . leeloo ( weak ) what 's the use of save life ... when you see what you do with they ! korben you be right but there be lot of good thing ... beautiful thing ... leeloo ... like love ... korben exactly . leeloo but I do not know love ... I be like a machine program to save other people 's life but never to have one of my own . 276 int . president's office the scientist 's stopwatch go from 30 to 29 second . 277 int . chapel leeloo I have thousand of memory but none of they be mine ... there be no need for I other than this . I be immortal but I have no life . korben yes , you do ! I need you . more than you can imagine ! stand up straight ! leeloo why ?... why would you need I ? korben because ... cornelius ( to himself ) tell she , for God 's sake ! a bit of the black acid fall on loc rhod 's shirt set it on fire . he rip if off . CUT to : 278 int . chapel korben because ... leeloo have tear in she eye . the heat be overpower . Black acid be everywhere . leeloo tell I ... korben I love you ... despite she fatigue , leeloo smile broadly . CUT to : 278b int . president's office the stopwatch go from 3 to 2 . 279 int . chapel leeloo now you be allow to kiss I . - korben wrap he arm around she and kiss she like he 's never kiss anybody before . - the white beam , the Divine Light , immediately form around leeloo and korben . - the stopwatch hit zero . - the absolute beam explode from the top of the pyramid and head straight into the sky zap the fireball smack in the middle , slow it down . - korben and leeloo kiss like there be no tomorrow . - the beam harden and slowly solidify the evil Planet . inaudible screech escape from the die planet . screech of terrifying pain as if a million soul be die . - stream of black acid spurt from the pyramid and solidify like brilliant stalactite . 280 ext . space the pure beam , the Light of life , have finish its work . the Dark Planet nothing more than a dead planet . strangely enough , it look like the moon . everything be calm around it . 281 int . president's office President lindberg open he eye and realize he 's not dead - scientist the planet seem to have stop at ... 62 mile from impact . 282 int . chapel in the temple , the beam lose its intensity . but leeloo and korben remain stick together , lose in they kiss . cornelius have drop to he knee , clutching he hand . loc rhod slip along the wall with a sigh . he give cornelius a know smile . loc rhod this guy be a killer with the babe . I know it from the moment I laid eye on he . cornelius and loc rhod burst out laugh . korben and leeloo keep on kissing . 283 int . laboratory we be in the nucleological Laboratory that give birth to leeloo in the beginning of we story . the President enter the lab follow by a group of official in ceremonial dress . munro Mr. President , let I introduce you to Professor mactilburgh , who run the center . mactilburgh it 's a honor to receive you . Mr. President . president ( beam ) yes .. well ? where be we two heroes ? mactilburgh they be so tired from they ordeal that we put they in the reactor this morning .. president I have 19 more meeting after this one Professor .. professor of course .. let I see if they be revive . aide we go live in one minute , Mr. President . mactilburgh go to the reactor and open a small slot which allow he to see what be go on under the blue shield . leeloo and korben be naked , arm wrap around each other , kissing and probably engage in hoppi hoppa . mactilburgh look troubled . mactilburgh i.. uh .. they need five more minute , Mr. President . the President , press for time , look over to he aide who in struggle with a phone call . aide no mar 'am ... I try ... no mar 'am ... president who be it ? aide some woman ... claim she 's korben 's mother ... president give it here ... the President take the phone and go to the window . president Mrs. Dallas , this in the President . on behalf of the entire federation , I would like to thank ... mother ( v.o. ) do not pull that crap with I , finger ... I would recognize that trash can voice of yours in a dark alley during a rain storm . you tell that worthless no account son of mine he should plotz for the way he 's ignore he mother ... when I think of all I sacrifice for he ... 284 ext . new york outside the lab we see the President through the window , hold the phone away from he ear . pan slowly across Manhattan . credit Roll as two full rise silver moon ascend in the dark blue sky . the end