the place Beyond the pine written by derek cianfrance , Ben coccio & Darius marder Producers Jamie patricof lynette howell Alex orlovsky 8409 Santa monica Blvd West Hollywood , CA 90069 ( 323 ) 654-7800 White 06/14/2011 ii . " he link the past with the present , and the eternity behind he throbbed through he in a mighty rhythm to which he sway as the tide and season sway . " Jack London , the call of the wild " one can not violate the prompting of one 's nature without have that nature recoil upon itself . " Jack London , white fang int / ext . altamont fair - night 1 * luke glanton ; 28 , handsome ; have sex with a groupie in he * trailer . very animal . they finish . * he zip up a motorcycle jacket over two fade prison tatoos , stride from he trailer through the corridor of the arena , pass other performer on he way to the main ring . he * ear echoing strain of death metal on the PA mix & a * cheer audience . * int . altamont fair MAIN ring - continuous 2 * luke climb onto he bike , revs the engine . roadies slap he back , give he high 5's . he be join by 2 motorcyclist . annoucer over p.a . and now , lady and gentleman , boy and girt , get ready to be rock by the motor- cycle mayhem of ... * a spherical , metal cage sit under the big-top . next to it stand a ornate portico with a red velvet curtain as a door . annoucer over p.a. ( cont ’d ) luke glanton and he Rough rider ! the two motor- cycle ride ahead of luke through the curtain and into the cage . luke burst through , stop , revs he engine and pump he fist at the roaring crowd . romina gutierrez , 26 , Hispanic ; sit in the bleacher seat , * watch the spectacle . enrapture . luke drive into the cage where the other rider make long , lazy loop . luke gun it , guide he bike over the inside wall of the cage . he defy gravity while weaving he way around the other two stunt rider . he make it look easy . but it be not . it be a death - defy act of bravado . the other two driver leave the cage and luke perform he finale ; a slow inside loop where he bike leap from one facet of the cage to another . the crowd go wild . annoucer over p.a. ( cont ’d ) let 's hear it for luke glanton and he Rough rider , folk ! later 3 bight be up . luke sit on he bike , signing autograph and take picture with a gaggle of extremely psyched 8 - year old boy . luke clearly enjoy be the coolest thing in the world to this kid . romina walk against the surge of people exite the arena . luke catch sight of she ; he drop what he 's do . pine white script as of 6/14/11 2 . luke hey ! romina gsnit , awkward ) I do not know if you would remember . luke look at she like she 's crazy . his fan tug on he clothing , vie for he attention . he push through they to get closer to romina . they give each other a little hug , careful not to smush the youngster all around they . luke you wanna go somewhere ? you get plan tonight ? romina ( shrug ) I gotta go . I just want to see you again . luke can I give you a ride home ? she remember the thrill riding on the back of luke 's bike . romina I be fine . I can just take the bus . ext . route 5 - night 4 luke tear away from the Arena . everything around look run - down , abandon . we be in schenectai a smaller , upstate - New York version of Detroit . it be 1994 . romina ride on the back of he bike , she arm hold tight around he abdomen . the wind blow hair into she indecisive face . she really should be on the bus right now . but the air be cold and luke 's body be warm . she bury she face into the back of he leather jacket . ext . two - family house - later 5 luke pull up in front of a old , two - family house . romina get off , look over she shoulder ; the live room light be on . she say , " thanks " and give luke a peck on the cheek . luke that 's it ? you do not wanna talk , or anything ... romina ( hide something ) I can not . I think about you a lot . pine white script as of 6/14/11 3 . luke so then let hang . we pack up after tomorrow night ' 's show and I probably will not be back this way for another year . at least . wanna get a beer or something ? romina ( come close , whisper ) I be with someone ... I just want to see you again ... she kiss he again quick , wishing she could stay . then run away , not look back , up the step of she childhood home . luke say ' hi ' to you mom . luke start he bike , tear out of the neighborhood , tire squealing smoke , blacken the street . ext . altamont fair . night . 6 engine gun , luke circle the inside of the steel cage in a rage . he be on the verge of crash . the audience rapt . later 7 roadies and performer pack up the steel cage . luke wander through the activity and ignore the throng of kid seek autograph . he search the fair for romina . she be nowhere to be find . he mount he bike . ext . route 5 - night 8 rage , luke drive fast through the night street . ext . / int . two family house - later . 9 malena , 47 , guatemalan , open the door in nurse 's scrub . instantly , " she recognize luke . luke hello mama . malena she 's no here . luke ( sigh , resign ) be the man of the house home ? luke hear a baby cry from inside . malena try to hide it by close the door so only she head be visible . 10 11 pine white script as of 6/14/11 4. malena nobody 's home ... malena be short . and luke peek over she into the house . sees - a few baby toy scattered in the floor . luke look down . malena relent . she can not keep he away from the truth any longer . int . two - family house - continuous 10 he get past she . look around the house . follow the sound of the cry baby upstairs . he push open the door to romina 's bedroom . a baby wail in the center of a twin bed surround by pillow . malena come in , scoops he up , start to bounce and " shush " he . luke stand near the door , rock . malena you wanna hold he ? luke be unsure . he awkwardly , but gently accept the baby into he arm . luke and the baby stare at one another . tear well in luke 's eye as he fall in love with he son . malena smile . luke romina still work at the diner ? malena try to give nothing away . int . olympic diner - later 11 luke walk into the diner . he 's piss , look around but do not see romina . luke do not sit . he wait . romina exit kitchen with a tray of food . see luke immediately . romina what be you do here ? luke oh , I do not know ... you think we have anything else to discuss before I take off again tomorrow forever ? romina be freeze for a second . she know that luke know she secret . she walk to a table with she tray of food . luke stand still . wait for she to come back . when she return , she be flustered . luke ( cont 'd ) you be not gonna tell I ? _ romina it be just a fling . + oe ee + 12 13 pine white script as of 6/14/11 5 . luke still ... it 's common courtesy . might even be the law . romina . I have not hear from you in a year . luke I know it . it 's not ' cause I have not think about you ... romina I have not be wait to hear from you , or anything . luke what 's he name ? romina Jason . luke and romina look at each other in silence . romina ( cont 'd ) I be go to school night now . luke ( quickly ) good for you . romina I do not have a lot of time for anything except Jason and school and wor . and my boyfriend . silence . a challenge . luke great . sound like you get everything you need . luke turn and_ walk away from romina . she be crush as she watch he walk away . e get back to work . ext . altamont fair . trailer office . 12 the fair be pack up and ready to leave . luke wheel he bike up to a trailer office . int . altamont fair . trailer office - 13 jack , weathered , 55 , sip coffee & shoot luke with venom from 's he dilate pupil . jack how many fuckin ' time I have to tell you ? ( more ) ek 14 15 16 17 pine white script as of 6/14/11 6. jack ( cont 'd ) " after the show , help everyone dismantle . " then you can go get you dick wet & whatever the fuck - else you need to do . luke when 's this pay period end ? Friday ? jack why ? luke I need whatever 's come to I now . you can cut off the next two day . jack I do not give out advance . luke it 's not a advance . I quit . jack you can not quit . luke I be take the bike too . jack you can not take the bike . _ luke it 's my bike . Jack sigh . he lean forward and pull a wad of bill from he back pocket . he peel off some bill . ext . turnpike . morning . side of the road . 14 luke sit on he bike watch the Fair drive away . ext . blue bell motel - afternoon 15 luke 's bike be park in front of a old , run-down motel . int . blue bell motel -— continuous 16 luke sit on he bed , eat McDonald 's . the tv be on play a news report from 1994 . he count he pay - out , fold it , slip it in he boot . ext . two - family house - morning 17 luke ring the doorbell , bag of bisquick under he arm . door open . romina stand there , wear she Sunday 's best . she be speechless and stare at luke through the screen door . + pine white script as of 6/14/11 7. luke wow . look at you . you look like a princess . romina what be you still do here ? luke I be here . he hold out the bag of bisquick . luke ( cont ’d ) you like pancake ? I like to make people ancake . I get a special way with them . you wanna know my secret ingredient ? huh ? love . they be not the kind of pancake you get at that greasy place you work . you know ? romina nervously look back into the house . luke ( cont 'd ) and anyway ... I would like to make you and Jason some of my special pancake . would you allow I to do that ? romina this be not a good time . kofi ( 0.s. ) ready ? romina turn . see kofi cankam - 28 , black , wear a suit come down the stair carry Jason in he arm . romina ( back to luke ) we be go to church . kofi open the door . step out onto the porch . face luke . kofi I know who you be . luke well you get I at a disadvantage . luke see he son , Jason , dress in a white baptismal gown . he be less frighten of he own son now . in fact , he want to hold he . he gesture to kofi . luke ( cont 'd ) do you mind ? kofi do not want luke to take Jason away from he . romina it 's okay . let he . + % hhh ohhh HH hhh HH + pine white script as of 6/14/11 8. kofi hesitates . concede that he really have no choice in this matter . he hand Jason to luke . kofi watch he neck . luke and the baby stare at one another . luke whoa . he look like a little prince . romina watch luke and Jason , smile . tear well in she eye . kofi see it all happen . kofi so , when do you leave town ? luke do not answer . instead , he ask he own question . luke ( to kofi ) how long you live here ? kofi have have enough but be play along . kofi couple month . luke Little cheaper than have you own place , I suppose ... romina kofi 's help we buy this house . luke wow . you move fast huh ? kofi I be not move at all actually . luke how much they want for a place like this anyway ? kofi Bout a hundred and twenty five thousand . why ? you in the market ? romina reach in and take Jason from luke . romina okay we have to go . or we be gonna be late . luke I would like to come . > E + + 18 19 20 21 pine white script as of 6/14/11 9 . int . catholic church . jason 's baptism . day . 18 kofi hold Jason at the altar . romina and malena stand next to he . a priest pour holy water over Jason 's head . luke stand in the pews , watch , seethe . ext . friendly 's restaurant —- day 19 luke pull he bike into the parking lot , get off , walk into the restaurant . int . friendly's restaurant - day 20 mr . feinstein , the manager of the restaurant peruse luke 's neatly handwritten resume . he look up , smile . mr . feinstein so why 's do you want to work at friendly 's , Mr. glanton ? luke I do not really want to in articular . I need to . you be the irst to get back to I . mr . feinstein you should not answer like that . luke just be honest , sir . mr . feinstein , a answer like that will not get you the job . luke I need this . for my boy . mr . feinstein now , see ? that 's better and you do not even have to lie . int . stockroom , friendly be - later 21 luke sit in front of a television hook up to a vcr . Mr. feinstein put a tape in the machine , press ' play . ' mr . feinstein this be only a few minute long . take a look , then come find I . Mr. feinstein leave the room . video begins - instruct new employee how to make the various type of sundae . everyone in the video be 19 or young . everyone smile . 22 23 24 25 pine white script as of 6/14/11 10 . int / ext . friendly's restaurant - continuous 22 luke stroll briskly out the front door . feinstein catch he leave out of the corner of he eye . watch luke straddle he bike and roar away . ext . pine barren - day 23 outside of town , thousand of tall , thin pine stand cheek by jowl . luke speed between they with reckless abandon and joy . he catch sight of a atv through the pine , plotting a parallel course , as if in unspoken friendly competition . ext . parking area off the road near pine barren - later 24 luke come to a parking area adjacent to the main road . see - robin van der_zee , 48 , white , work hard to get he atv onto the trailer behind he pickup . luke trot up to help . they roll the atv onto the trailer , secure it with nylon strap . Robin make note of luke 's bike . _ robin mean machine . luke I build it myself . mostly . robin you handle it like a pro . ; luke yessir . robin you head back to town ? luke I suppose ... robin give you a ride . save you some gas . they strap he bike next to the atv . Robin notice one of luke 's prison tatoos . ext . blue bell motel - later 25 Robin pull up to the esquire , survey the run-down motel . luke thank you kindly . robin you be stay here ? 26 27 pine white script as of 6/14/11 11 . luke temporarily . robin just pass through , huh ? luke naw . I be transitionin ' in . robin what be you do for work ? luke look around ... not many opportunity in he sight . robin ( cont 'd ) . you know you way around a engine ? luke I do . robin I run a little service station back down route 5 . I could use a good , you know , american worker like you , you_know what I mean ? good people . at least , that 's what you seem like . I can put you up , too . get a little apartment above the garage . it 's modest , but its get what you need . better than this shit-hole . luke consider the offer . Robin flash a wry smile . robin ( cont 'd ) do I catch you at a busy time or something ? ext . van der zee' station - later 26 they pull up to into a run-down service station . busted car crowd the bay . a junkyard dog name tony bark at luke . int . apartment above service station - continuous 27 Robin open the door to a tiny studio . a tiny fridge sit next to a tiny stove , next to a twin bed . robin it 's not much . we will take the rent out of you pay , okay ? luke I be not suck you cock . Robin laugh , awkward . 28 29 luke have . pine white script as of 6/14/11 12 . robin okay . - this be not jail . this can * e you home . you ever be in * be but he 's not about to tell Robin about it . robin ( cont 'd ) you do not have to be coy with I , son . see this ? Robin pull out he top row of tooth . denture . just gum remain . he pop the tooth back in . robin ( cont 'd ) I have too many postage stamp . contraband , they sai they tell I they gonna put I in '' solitary for a month . Problem be , I have this gum infection . Doc order 2 week of antibiotic before they would put I in solitary . but the warden ... he see no need for postponement . so he order the prison dentist to pull all my top tooth . then put I in solitary . damn near starve to death . Mom smuggle in crush penicillin pill Robin punctuate he story by clack he tooth . robin ( cont 'd ) ten year in attica . ten year probation . I be clean as a whistle now . you ever be in jail ? luke yes , sir . robin I know it when I first see you . bird of a feather ... wanna flock ? luke have a mind to knock Robin 's block off . Robin start laugh at he , deep belly laugh . ext . road - dusk 28 * luke tear down a wind road . the low sun create a long * shadow of he on he bike on the road in front of he . * ext . two family house , night 29 * luke sit on the side of he bike . across the street be romina 's house . the kitchen be brightly light and luke can hear the sound lift Jason over he head and talk to he . of talk and laughter . from he bike he see kofi > 30 31 pine white script as of 6/14/11 13. int . robin' service station - day 30 luke , cover in grease , work diligently under a 1988 Ford Taurus . he notice Robin 's foot approach . slide out from under . Robin peel a few bill and hand they down to luke . robin payday , my boy . less room & board . luke count he paltry sum . sigh . ext . pine barren - day later . luke and Robin sit a old tree stump drink beer . robin ; all my peopie be dutch . this town , the whole area start dutch . luke I need to earn more money . any chance you give I a raise ? robin believe I , kid . if I could give anyone a raise , it would be you . you be a real asset . and goo company too . the big chain bleed I a little bit more each month . the only regular work i_get into the shop be souping up low-rider for nigger and spic . luke my kid be half spic . or half something south of the border . Robin toast luke with he beer . they drink . robin I like you , boy . you remind I of I . a lo -o-o-o- ong time ago . luke you be not so old . robin not so old I be throw in the towel . I be not just gonna sit there and wait around till someone tell 's I I be a dead duck . I have a feel you be the same way . right ? luke I do not like wait around for other people to give I permission to live . robin you be like I . you be a chisler . 31 * pine white script as of 6/14/11 14 . luke I be not no chisler . what 's that , anyway ? robin you play all the angle ... I know you have be to jail . more than once , right ? luke put down he beer and stare at Robin hard . robin ( cont 'd ) course you have . you have steal before . luke get up and start to walk away . robin ( cont 'd ) now do not be like that . you know I be not judge you . Hell , I admire a thief . it take a man to steal . luke you do not know a thing about I . robin oh , please do pardon I . I certainly hope my misjudge you in this way do not hurt you feeling too deeply . tell I you have steal ! luke I have steal . robin but you do it stupid , right ? you get liquore up and knock over a convienience store or something ? luke I do not need to be liquore up . robin Fair enough . but you get catch ... I know you like you be my own flesh and blood . you problem be not you lack of courage . it be you lack of foresight . you plan fail you . look , how would you like to do it right ? with I ? what do you say ? luke I get two thing to say . first of all , thank you for consider I . second of all , fuck you . I gota id ! robin well that 's why we be talk here , be not it . I never have child , that I know of , but I do watch a lot of tv . nature show mostly . ( more ) 32 pine white script as of 6/14/11 15 . robin ( cont 'd ) provide for you family , that 's something I understand . it 's animal . it 's instinct . you get a mouth to feed and all of a sudden you get a purpose , you have a goal . and you focus everything you have , everything you be like a laser on that goal , right ? you gotta edge out the competition with whatever ou have to offer . with whatever alent be at you disposal . and you be a man with some very , very unique talent . int . olympic diner - darkest hour before dawn 32 the middle of a long shift . romina step from the kitchen carry several plate . she drop off the breakfast special at they destination and see luke - slump in a boot romina stare at the back of he head for a while . moment later . they look at one another over cup of coffee . luke marry I . romina try to repress she laughter . luke why be you laugh ? romina you be corny . you do not even know I . luke I know I love my boy . he 's definitely my boy , right ? romina -.. yeah ... but you do not even know he exist until a few day ago . luke --.- do not matter . romina you say you want to marry I . you do not mean it . you might think you do . but it 's not true . you be just excited ... luke how can you sit there , and tell I what I do and do not feel ? what be you , carnac ? I be say " I love you . " I will learn to . even when you urt my feeling . and I be say , " I love he . " that 's it . there 's nothin ' leave to say . that 's truth . + HH of + HH hhh hhh hhh > hhh haa k pine white script as of 6/14/11 16 . romina soak up he word . luke ( cont 'd ) I can take care of you . romina oh , really ? luke yes . romina how be you gonna do that ? you do not even have a job . luke that 's not true . I have a job now . I be make money , that 's not a problem . I be save up . I be thinkin’ we could buy a rv or something . and get out of this god - forsaken town . din style , ya know ? I could show you the countr we could raise Jason in home of the brave . ya know ? let we boy smell freedom . romina you be crazy . luke why ? why do you say that ? you be the one who 's crazy to question it . romina I be not leave my mom . luke she can come . bring she . we ’1ll make room . not a problem . beat . romina what about kofi ? luke he can stay home . romina get up from the booth . luke ( cont 'd ) so what do you think ? romina sound like a nice dream for you . she set the check , $ 1.50 face down , in front of he . romina ( cont 'd ) I need to get back to work . hhh hha AAA ah of HH % + 33 34 pine white script as of 6/14/11 17 . she walk away . luke scan the check , dig in he pocket . * int . robin' kitchen - later 33 * Robin and luke sit at the kitchen table . a map be spread out before they . on it - several location mark with red dot . robin this be a_ few prospect , but I be sure we could find some more . Robin place something swaddle in old flannel rag on the table . he push it toward luke . robin ( cont 'd ) do not ask I where I get it from . luke slowly unwrap the flannel - a .38 snub - nose pistol sit on the table . robin ( cont'd we would split everything fifty - fifty . luke seem like I be take most of the risk . I should get most of the reward . robin I will just find someone else who will be happy with a even split . luke really ? you be gonna get someone else to rob a goddamn bank with you ? okay Robin . robin come on ! do not get lawyerly on I . ( beat ) sixty -forty . luke seventy -thirty . robin sixty-five - thirty - five or go to hell . luke pick up the pistol . ext . robin' service station - later 34 * Robin and luke inspect a beat - to-hell cube truck . it 's white * and nondescript . the windshield have a crack across it . * robin do not look like much , but it run fine . and the back be big enough . > E 35 36 pine white script as of 6/14/11 18 . luke * you buy this ? for this ? * robin * you gotta spend $ to make $ . * int . robin' service station - night 35 Robin click the button of a stop-watch . robin go . halfway across the garage bay stand a old bureau . luke run up to the bureau and vault it . robin ( cont 'd ) ten second . let 's go . luke stand behind the bureau and grab Monopoly money that have be place in the bureau 's drawer . robin ( cont 'd ) you do not tell anyone what to do . people be get panicked . luke halfheartedly speak into the empty garage . luke everyone get down on the floor . robin aw , Jesus . you sound like you be ask some jerk off for direction . twenty second . luke grab the rest of the money and leap over the bureau . he run for the bay 's door . Robin click he stopwatch . robin ( cont 'd ) pathetic . Robin place he hand gently on luke 's chest . robin ( cont 'd ) listen , kid . you be a performer , right ? this folk in the bank , they be you audience . they be expect a show . they want to see a real live bank robber . give them what they want , and you will not get any trouble . int . bank - morning 36 Robin and luke step up to the young , female teller and * smile . 37 pine white script as of 6/14/11 teller how can I help you today ? robin hi there , sweetheart . I need to break this hundred . one fifty , two twenty and a ten , please . Robin watch the teller use a set of key she have wrap around she wrist on a elastic band to open up three separate drawer . the drawer contain different bill . int . robin' service station - night Robin start he stopwatch . robin go. luke bound past he into the bay like gene Kelly . luke lady and gentlemen ! I ask that each and every one of you lay yourselves down_on the goddman loor , if you please ! luke vault the ' counter ' grab the money , vault back and run to Robin who click he stop watch . robin you be make I proud . 37 a bit out of breath , luke pull the gun from he waistband . luke this thing gotta be load ? robin what ? luke just sayin ' . I be not gonna hurt no one . robin well hell 's bell . why do not we just get you a squirt gun instead ? not a bad idea . luke laugh . Robin do not . he grab the gun . robin ( cont 'd ) you understand fully what we have engage here , correct ? luke yeah , I do . 38 39 40 4l 42 43 pine white script as of 6/14/11 20 . robin I do not want anything to happen to you . and if God forbid it do , I do n't_want the other guy walk away like it 's no big deal . luke look down at the ground and smile , like a kid reacting to a compliment from he proud father . int . apartment above service station - night 38 luke sit on he bed and inspect the pistol . he swing open the cylinder , methodically remove the bullet . he line they up meticulously on he night stand . int . robin' service station . BAY . night . 39 luke use a spray gun to paint he bike black . ext . robin' service station - morning 40 luke and Robin eat breakfast together . robin good pancake . luke collect he plate , rinse it in the sink . he head out the door for he bike . he climb on he black bike . ext . turnpike - midday 4l luke wear a motorcycle helmet as he bolt down the turnpike ; a empty child 's school backpack on he back . ext . bank - later 42 luke park , climb off , leave he bike run right outside the front door of a bank . he check the time and perform he ocd ritual before burst through the door . int . bank - continuous 43 inside - luke , still wear he helmet , puis the pistol from he front jacket pocket and point it theatrically into the air . he stroll through the bank with measure stride . luke lady and gentleman , listen up . this be gonna be the fastest bank robbery you have ever witness . clipped scream of shock echo through the bank . 44 45 46 47 pine white script as of 6/14/11 21 . luke ( cont 'd ) now if you will all please oblige I and get on down onto the floor there , I would really appreciate it . the bank fall silent with fear . luke run up to the counter and vault it , slip off the backpack . 3 female teller huddle behind 's the counter . luke squat down on he haunch and find the one who serve Robin before . he pull the key off she wrist and open the top drawer at she station . luke ( cont 'd ) open up the top two drawer all the way along . luke toss he backpack to another teller . luke ( cont 'd ) hold the bag so she can fill it . they fill the bag with_mone hand it to luke , back away , hand raise . luke vault the counter to the other side . luke ( cont 'd ) thank you all kindly for you attentive cooperation . luke walk out the door calmly and quickly . ext . bank parking lot -— continuous 44 sound of siren approach . luke get on the bike , take off . ext . turnpike - continuous 45 luke tear down the road , pass car in front of he , the cop can not catch up . luke take a dangerous and wild right turn onto a small country road . after a few more turn , luke drive up to Robin 's old cube truck which be park on the side of the road . its back be open and its load ramp down . int . rear of cube truck - continuous 46 luke drive into it , hop off , shut the door . the truck lurch forward , pull a u-ey . ext . turnpike - continuous 47 cop car scream by the truck . Robin drive the other way . 48 49 50 51 52 pine white script as of 6/14/11 22 . int . rear of cube truck - continuous 48 luke turn on a fluorescent campi no lamp and secure he bike . he get throw around a little bit by Robin 's drive . his adrenaline rush . his breathe heavy . he put he hand on he knee and puke all over the truck 's floor . sit down . ext . robin' service station - later 49 Robin pull into the station , open up the back of the truck . the stink of warm vomit hit Robin . robin Jesus ! phew ! luke sit against the wall , daze and tired , and laugh . luke I puke on my boot . int . robin' kitchen - night 50 luke and Robin lay out the money in neat pile . robin it 's not a million dollar or anything . but we do this a few more time . Robin push luke 's cut to he and stand up and walk around the table . he plant a big phoney kiss on luke 's check . _robin ( cont 'd ) , be you kid I ? we do it ! ext . diner . morning . 51 romina get off work , walk into the parking lot . sees luke in the early morning light , lean against he bike . his aura be magnetic . he hold a disposable BOX camera . take she picture with it . she suppress a smile . move to he . int . motel . morning . 52 luke and romina lay naked on a bed , postcoital , sheet on the floor . they smoke . the mood be bright . luke let I take you guy out for ice cream . he 's never_had it , right ? you get to have all he first . first step , first word . I want some first . do you remember the first time you eat chocolate ice cream ? remember what it be like ? ( more ) * ho + ek 53 54 55 pine white script as of 6/14/11 23 . luke ( cont 'd ) I wanna be there when he first taste it . romina he do not even eat solid food yet . luke they have soft ice cream . laugh . luke ( cont 'd ) I want he to see my face when he taste chocolate ice cream for the first time . can you give I that ? ext . bumpy 's ice - cream store . 7 in the morning . 53 luke hold a sugar cone of chocolate ice cream up to Jason 's mouth , press it gently on he lip . instinctively , the baby lick the ice cream , get a taste . his eye light up & he start " coo . " excite , he want more . luke be so happy , probably the happiest he have ever be in he whole life . his eye well up with big , heavy tear . romina be conflict , but infect by the joy of the moment . luke go up to the lady working in the ice cream shop and ask she if she will take a picture of the 3 of they . she agree . the family pose on he motorcycle . and the Lady work in the ice cream shop take they family picture . i/e bank - day 54 luke walk into the bank brim with confidence and charm . luke lady and gentlemen ... this be a robbery . I know you might be pee we pants now . tremble wit ear . do not be scared . I 'ma bless in you boring , average life . just think about the story you be gonna be able to tell . he hand a bag to the teller . luke ( cont ’d ) please fill it up . int . rear of cube truck - later 55 luke ride up into the back of the truck , slam the door close . he hhh of hhh fh + hoh ho * + 56 57 58 pine white script as of 6/14/11 24 . int . duane's toyland - day 56 luke fill he cart with every colorful toy , game & book that catch he eye . he roll by a frazzle young mother & child . luke you get a lively | one there . mine too . he 's very lively . I suppose they all be . unless something 's wrong with ‘em . ext . two - family house - afternoon 57 luke stand on romina 's porch , wait . he frequently look over he shoulder . the door open and malena stand there . luke she 's not home , right ? malena no. luke what about the man of the house ? malena shake she head . luke turn around , whistle through he finger . a delivery van pull up in front of the house . int . two - family house - later 58 Jason swing back and forth in the new free stand swing that luke have buy for he . luke assemble a crib on the floor romina and kofi 's bedroom . he talk to jason_as he work , about the importance of be brave in a mean ole world . he hear the front door open downstairs , then romina 's voice . romina ( downstair ) ( in spanish ) hello mama . where 's Jason ? melena ( downstair ) ( in spanish ) up stair ... romina ( downstair ) ( in spanish ) he 's sleep ? melena ( downstair ) ( in spanish ) luke 's up there with he . romina ( downstair ) ( in spanish ) you let he in ? luke hear the trunk to a car slam outside . + oe pine white script as of 6/14/11 25 . luke ( to Jason ) uh oh . luke look out the window , sees kofi hefting many bag of grocery up toward the house . melena ( downstair ) ( in spanish ) he bring a lot of stuff . luke hear romina come up the stair . luke ( to Jason ) when you mom come in here , do you think she 's gonna be bum ? or do you think she 's gonna be psyched ? Jason just swing . romina enter the room . romina what 's this shit ? what be all this ? luke ( to Jason ) she 's bum . romina what be you do here ? you be gonna screw up my life . luke just calm down . do not be so dramatic . ok . ( to Jason you need this right ? you can not be sleep at night in a bed with two huge people , worry about be crush the whole time if they roll over or something . you need some space to dream , right ? romina turn and look down the stair , sees kofi come up . she resign herself to be a spectator . kofi what 's go on ? luke continue to work . kofi ( cont ’d ) ( to romina ) this okay with you ? romina be freeze , stare at the stuff on the floor . kofi ( cont 'd ) Cause I be not really sure if all this three’s company shit be work for I . he hhh hoek + + HH hhh hhh hhh hk * > 59 pine white script as of 6/14/11 26 . kofi look at the stuff littering he bedroom . kofi ( cont 'd ) if you come in to my house . you gotta come with a little more respect , ya hear ? kofi step over box as he make he way into the room . luke be not respond but he eye be peripherally aware of kofi as he move to sit on the bed . kofi ( cont 'd ) I be not go to say you can not give this to you son . you be he father , you have the right to provide for he as you see fit . but in my house , I have the right to raise he as I see fit . and you can not just bust in here , in this house , and do it like this . not this way . not to I . not to my family . luke do not stop work . kofi ( cont ’d ) I want you_take all this stuff out of here . all this ... kofi , anger building , stand . kofi ( cont 'd ) take it away . kofi reach down to grab the frame of the crib that luke be work on and , in a instant , luke grab a wrench , spring forward and crack kofi 's forehead open with it . kofi be knock out . he crash to the floor , hit the back of he head . concussion . romina scream and so do ! Jason . in a rage , luke take kofi 's body by the shirt and pull it down the stair . romina do anything to try and make he stop . luke you_want I to take this shit out ? I will take it out . ext house - continous 59 luke pull kofi ' 's body out onto the porch , drop he like the saber- tooth tiger do to fred flinstone . romina shove past he to tend to kofi . he watch as romina cradle kofi 's head . romina ( 0.s. ) ( in spanish ) ( to. malena ) mama call a ambulance . es hhh AAA a ahh of hf * ek hhh hhh hk + > E + 60 61 62 63 pine white script as of 6/14/11 27 . luke just stand there , invisible . malena dial 911 . malena ( to luke ) leave ! luke walk back up stair and into the bedroom . sees - Jason swinging back and forth , still scream . luke put he arm over the side of he head in a effort to block out the noise and the mess that he make . sound of siren approach . int . schenectady police station - later 60 the Police book , fingerprint and photograph luke . int . schenectady police holding cell - later 61 luke sit , wear prison orange , touch each bar in succession firmly with he fore - finger . int . schenectady courthouse - day 62 luke sit in a courtroom in he prison orange with he state appointed council . he fidget as he wait . the judge set the court date , post the bail at five thousand dollar . luke can pay it . the judge then suggest and set a court date that will put in affect a restrain order for kofi against luke . int . robin' kitchen - night 63 luke smoke a cigarette in the Kitchen . Robin watch he . know something have change . Long moment of awkward silence . luke I be thinkin ' maybe we could do 2 in 1 day . the big trustco on brandywine and the other first National rotterdam . Robin eye he warily . robin you know what they say about people who rob bank ? luke take a drag . wait for Robin to answer he own question . robin ( cont 'd ) they say they always do one too many . the trick be to know how many be too many , and do one less . + > HH fh F hhh HH HH > 64 65 66 67 68 69 pine white script as of 6/14/11 28 . luke suck on he cigarette absorb in deep negativity . * ext . bank parking lot - day 64 luke run from a bank with a bag of cash . another job 1 / 2 * complete . he hop on he bike , peel out onto the main road . ext . MAIN road - continuous 65 * the police be on he quick this time . he can not shake they . he near the rendezvous point with Robin , see the truck wait patiently up ahead , but a glance back confirm he have not lose the heat yet . he make a slice gesture across he throat to signal Robin the rendezvous be off . Robin watch luke take a right turn , lead the cop away from the truck . Robin hop out , close the rear door , drive off . ext road - continous 66 * the cop try to stay with luke , but he maneuverability daunt they . he cut hard onto a path that cut next to the train track . the cop do not follow . he follow the track until he come to a clear which lead into the wood . ek ext . wood - continuous 67 luke drive through the tall pine . he go deep into the wood as fast as he can . e/ I robin' service station / kitchen - night 68 luke come in - find Robin sit at th e table , a pack of * cigarettes smoulder in the ashtray before he . robin get in and close the goddamn door . luke ( manic , adrenalize ) it 's okay y I lose they . I be like the fuck Road runner . beep beep ! luke dump the bag of money on the table , squat down and pet tony the dog . tony lick he face . Robin tug on a smoke , he hand shaking from a combo of nerve and nicotine . he survey the money , wont touch it . robin you do realize , we be do here . * ext . olympic diner - dawn 69 * luke wait for romina outside the diner . romina come out , see he . + pine white script as of 6/14/11 29 . luke I be sorry . she make a b-line for she car . luke intercept she , hand she a sugar bag which be fill with cash . luke ( cont 'd ) it be not sugar in there . keeps move . luke ( cont 'd ) look . i_know that you think lowly of I . I do . I know you hold it against I that I be not there for you when you be go through everything . I know that . she get to she car . fumble with the key . luke ( cont 'd ) you can not run from I now . I be here . I 'ma pikena '' and I want you to treat I like a person . like I be here . like I be not nothing . like I be not a piece of shit . hey ! she find she key , open she car door . get in . luke move he body into place so she can not close she door . luke ( cont 'd ) listen to I you fuck lunatic . this money , it 's not yours . ok ? he throw the bag of money in she car . luke ( cont 'd ) you do not buy yourself anything with that , ok ? none of that diamond studd jeans that you wear , no make - up '' no jewelry , no perfume . no nothing . do not buy yourself a thing . you hear I ? this money be not for you . it 's for Jason . you give every penny to he . ok ? he need it . say ok . say ok ... say ok ! romina -.-ok . she start the car . luke I be he father . I be he . ya hear I ? he 's not mine . I be he . you understand ? and there 's nothing you be gonna do to keep he from I . + hhh ohhh heh hhh heh ok > 70 71 72 73 pine white script as of 6/14/11 30 . romina you break it . you be not he father . you be a animal . if I ever see you again , I be call the police . she drive away . he be leave alone . he get into the cube truck , drive away . int . robin' service station - later 70 drunk , Robin have take a acetylene torch to luke 's bike and cut it to piece . only the engine be intact . he ponder he next cut when - luke walk in - can not believe he eye . luke what the fuck ! what be you do ?! robin we have a good thing go . we goot it up_a long as we coul make a nice little score , now it 's over . luke react as if Robin put down he horse . he storm out of the garage . we follow he to ... int . apartment above service station - continuous 71 luke pick up the bullet from he nightstand , fight against he better judgement , load the gun . int . robin' service station - continuous 72 Robin be still cut up the bike . luke come in and stick the barrel of the pistol against the back of Robin 's head . luke be out of he fuck mind here , close to squeezing the trigger . lui you fuck kill my fuck bike ?! open you mouth . luke stick the gun inside Robin 's mouth . turn it against he tooth . Robin piss he pants . luke pull the gun out . luke ( cont ’d ) you owe I for a new bike . int . crest motor - morning 73 luke and a dealer stand over a red 1994 Honda fireblade . dealer it 's a sport bike . Honda call it a uper-bike . ' it 's a racing model with a few change for the street . hhh hk + > > E pine white script as of 6/14/11 31 . luke how 's the balance ? dealer what be you use to riding ? luke nevermind . you take cash ? 74 ext . gas station - continuous 74 luke fill the tank . a picku truck at the pump next to he blare bon jovi 's ' Dead or alive ' from its speaker . 75 int . payphone - later 75 Robin , out of breath , run to a payphone - dial 911 . robin I want to make a anonymous report . 76 int . 911 call CENTER . day . 76 a operator type the info from Robin into she computer . " suspected robbery in progress " , color-code red , come up on the dispatcher be screen . 77 int . schenectady police cruiser . day . 77 avery cross , 28 , rookie , patrol the western district . radio dispatch ( on radio ) adam - 22 . 211 in progress at trustco bank at 320 State St . avery ( into radio ) adam - 22 . copy that . enroute . avery flip a u-ey . accelerate toward the bank . 78 e/i trustco bank - continuous 78 luke get off he bike . enter the bank , gun above he head . luke kick the bank door hard . the patron , confuse , stop what they be do and take notice . luke be all rage and animal . he be intimidating and dangerous . luke every last one of you get down on the goddamn floor ! right now !!! > E + 79 80 81 pine white script as of 6/14/11 32 . € go to the teller , sees that the counter have a lucite win ow which rise up to the ceiling . he turn white . he take the empty bag , shove it through the teller 's slot . luke ( cont 'd ) fill it up and pass it back . teller we can not open the vault . luke from the drawer then ! with some urgency ! come on ! the teller reluctantly do as she be instruct . luke look around to make sure no one be sneaking up on he . the teller finish , try to pass the bag through the slot . teller it will not fit , sir . luke what be you a ignoramus ? take some damn money out . I get to think of everything ? the teller pull out some of the cash . she try to fit the bag back through . still will not fit . she take out some more cash . luke hear siren . goddamnit . he try to force the bag back through the slot . it open and most of the money spill out on the teller 's side . he be leave with a empty bag . fuck . he bolt out the door . int . schenectady police cruiser outside bank -continuous 79 siren blare , avery turn the corner , sees luke take off , try to quickly master he unfamiliar bike . avery ( into radio ) adam - 22 . in pursuit of a possible suspect on a motorcycle . adam - 21 make contact with the bank . ext . schenectady street . continuous 80 luke have the cruiser on he tail . he blast through a intersection and turn hard down a small , residential street . he blast through two more intersection in the wrong lane ; barely avoid oncoming traffic . ext . schenectady residential street — continuous 81 luke take another hard right , run up onto a lawn , and try to head back to the street . avery 's car run up onto the lawn and come to a jarring halt . luke try to maneuver but can not keep the bike under he . he ditch further up the road . 82 83 pine white script as of 6/14/11 33. luke push the wreck bike off of he scrape up leg , limp away , look for a way out . behind he , 3 house away , avery pursue on foot . int . two family house - continuous 82 luke enter through a screen door , look around the house for a place to hide . sees - a mother and she young boy stare at he wordlessly from the kitchen . they have be make a cake . luke anyone else home ? the mother and she boy barely move . luke show they he gun . luke ( cont 'd ) take I upstairs . come on ! lets go ! ( soften ) I will not hurt you . come on ! int . two family house stair / bedroom - continuous 83 * luke corral the scared family up the stair to a bedroom . he close the door behind they , and wave the gun at the bed . luke sit down . the mother and boy sit on the ground in the corner by the bed and_ bury they face into each other , make themselves as small as possible . * desperate , luke look out the window . it would be a long drop * to the ground . he open the window . he start to climb * through , his leg be in pain and hard to move . hear avery * downstairs call , " police ! drop you weapon ! " he be cornere . luke ( cont 'd ) aw , hell . do you have a phone ? the mother nod , tell he it 's on the nightstand . he pick up the phone , dial information . operator ( over the phone ) what city and list please ? luke schenectady . her name be romina . operator ( over the phone ) romina . last name ? luke guitierrez ... I think ... * while the operator check , he sit down on the window sill , * * set he gun down between he leg . 84 85 pine white script as of 6/14/11 34 . operator ( over the phone ) I have a romina guitierrez on brandywine . I have the number . would you like I to connect you ? luke yes ! connect I ! the phone ring . luke swing one leg out the window , but he can barely move it . he can not jump out . luke ( cont 'd ) pick up ... int . two family house - at the bottom of the stair . 84 avery can hear luke talk upstairs - back to the wall , gun draw , he slide quietly up the stair . he get outside the door . avery police ! put the weapon down ! int . two family house bedroom 85 the phone continue to ring . a realization and a deep despair creep upon luke . luke please answer . he hear the cop outside he door . click . the phone pick up . romina ( on phone ) hello . luke romina ? avery hear luke 's voice . weapon aim , he burst through the bedroom door , see luke with the phone in one hand , and he body halfway out the window . he shoot . the shot make a loud , sharp noise . a small cloud of blue smoke rise from the muzzle and float toward the ceiling . luke be hit in the abdomen , he drop the phone . avery see it , lower he gun , think , '' do I just shoot a man with a phone in he hand ? " luke look down at the blood spread through the fabric of he shirt . he grab the gun on the sill , shoot back : hit avery in the knee . the kickback from the gun push luke 's body back and he fall out the window like a rag doll : ass over teakettle . > + 86 87 pine white script as of 6/14/11 35 . avery clutches he leg ; agony . fuck ! avery try to get himself up off the floor . he can not . his knee be destroy . avery ( into radio ) adam - 22 . Officer down . suspect escape through window . request paramedics and backup at the scene . the young mother grab she son , shield he eye from the carnage , and bolt out of the room . avery be leave alone . he stare at the window . blood splatter on the wall . a curtain blow gently in the breeze . he can hear romina 's voice scream , oeitakel '' out of the speaker of the phone . he crawl to the window use he 3 functional limb ; siren in the distance . he use he arm to prop himself up on the window ; sees ; luke splay out on he back on the ground below . his body be contort in a impossible awkward position . a pool of blood form around he head . it be a nightmarish image . cop car and ambulance descend on the scene . int . ellis hospital - later 86 avery lie on a move gurney . his pant - leg be be cut away from he skin . a nurse sedate he . a doctor explain . doctor we be give g you a mild sedative now and saline for shock , okay ? int . ellis hospital - later - 87 the er staff roll avery into the operate theater . another team in there already frantically work on luke . avery hear luke 's heart monitor beep erratically . he watch the doctor act more frantically . finally , the heart monitor emit a flat , even tone . the sound of scream . avery look and see romina wail and fight with er staff . kofi help to restrain she . a intern straddle luke and start to give he cpr . a nurse close a curtain around luke . doctor Officer ? we need to operate now . behind the curtain , the other team try to shock luke 's heart back to life before the surgeon finally give up . surgeon ( 0.s. ) time of death four thirty - nine . > E 88 pine white script as of 6/14/11 36 . doctor ( to avery ) do not be afraid . a anesthesiologist fit a mask over avery 's mouth and nose . int . hospital recovery room . later that night . 88 balloon , flower & card fill avery 's room . chief gordon weirzbowski , 50' , enter the room follow by da bill killcullen , mid - 40' . both be reverent and respectful . they greet avery , who be lie in bed . his father al , late 60' be there , along with he wife jennifer , 27 , who hold avery 's baby boy a.j. Gordon kiss Jennifer and offer he understanding . chief weirzbowski how 's we hero ? jennifer I do not know . she squeeze avery 's hand . al no more than a scratch really . chief weirzbowski you honor . pleasure ... I believe you two know each other ... killcullen come in to shake Al 's hand . al of course , Bill . Nice to see you . killcullen we miss you at the court house . al well , I hate to break it to you , but I do not miss you ( he he ) . swing that gavel be start to interfere with my golf game . Little laugh . chief weirzbowski whatdaya think - with avery , injure , and you out of work , maybe you would consider join the force . we could use a good man . al I be afraid you be only recruiting one from this family . pine white script as of 6/14/11 37 . chief weirzbowski ( to avery ) they give you any idea when you might get outta here ? avery can not be soon enough . chief weirzbowski ( to Al ) Boy 's get ambition . give he that . al that 's one word for it . ( to Jennifer we better be take you home . he take Jennifer 's hand and lead she out . chief weirzbowski we will take care of you husband . do not you worry Jenny . weirzbowski kiss a.j. 's little hand , then Jennifer 's cheek . jennifer ( to avery ) be you go to be okay ? avery yeah . you guy go . they leave . Gordon pull up a chair next to avery 's bed . killcullen stand . killcullen how 's the knee ? avery fucked . chief weirzbowski it will heal . you be young . Young body bounce back . I want to introduce you to Bill killcullen , schenectady da . Bill need to ask you some question . you up for it ? good to do it before the paint dry , know - whatimean ? avery so you be effectively put I on trial ? chief weirzbowski mister sensitive ... do not get you panty in a bind . you be gonna be we poster boy . this be a formality . best get it outta the way . 89 pine white script as of 6/14/11 weirzbowski put he hat on , get up to leave . chief weirzbowski ( cont ’d ) I will leave you two to get to know each other . should not be too hard . you both speak lawyer talk . int . hospital recovery room - ellipse . ghey be deep into avery 's recount of the event . kille killcullen so what happen when you be outside the door ? avery I hear he on the other side . sounded like he be talk on the phone . but I could not tell who he be talk to . so , I make my presence know . killcullen how would you do that . avery ( piece it together ) announced myself . " Police . Drop the weapon . " and when he do not respond . I kick the door 's open ... and I see he sit on the ledge of the window with ... he be hold a phone ... killcullen ... and he have a gun ? avery yeah ... ( deep sigh ) .-. I see he drop the phone . killcullen and when do he fire ? avery after he drop the phone ... killcullen and then you return fire ? avery ... yeah ... killcullen and then he fall out the window ? avery nod . 38 . 89 ullen record everything on tape deck and jot note . + 90 pine white script as of 6/14/11 39 . avery yeah . killcullen good riddance . int . avery and jennifer be home - evening 90 on the tv : a local news anchor sit at she studio desk . news anchor ( on t.v. ) a triumphant moment for a young schenectady Police officer today . he leave the hospital after recover from gunshot wound . on tv : footage of the day avery shot luke . news anchor go t.v. ) ( cont 'd ) Officer avery Cross have not be on the force for a full year before he run head - on into the alleged motobandit . reporter Ed dague be there as officer Cross leave Ellis hospital . on tv : avery be wheeled out of the hospital . dozen of cop stand around and cheer he as he roll past & pump he fist . ed dague ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) facing the danger and fight the brave fight , avery Cross accept the praise of he fellow officer as he be wheeled through a gauntlet of cheer and apprause - turn a corner in he recover he 's leave Ellis hospita well enough to return home - happy " to be alive . on tv : cop lift he wheelchair into a ambulance . avery ( on t.v. ) I will be back before you know it . on tv : file footage from the day of the shoot . ed dague ( v.o . ) ( on t.v. ) this young officer 's life flashed before he in a flash of gunfire . responding to a bank robbery , avery Cross pursue alleged motor- cycle bandit luke glanton through the street of schenectady . avery sit on a sofa in he comfortable but not fancy home , he leg elevate in a cast . Jennifer sit next to he try to calm a.j. pine white script as of 6/14/11 40 . ed dague ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) ( cont 'd ) glanton then fle into this house , take Melissa majack & she son gabe hostage , & come face to face with Officer Cross . glanton shot Officer Cross in the knee before officer Cross return fire , kill the suspect and save the hostage . on tv : dague stand in front of the hospital , hold a mic . ed dague ( on t.v. ) ( cont 'd ) Officer Cross be rush here to Ellis hospital and list in critical condition . he have make a swift recovery , but doctor say the bullet that strike he have cause nerve damage in he leg . on tv : Police chief gordon weirzbowski , 50 's grey , fireplug , talk to the reporter at the scene . chief weirzbowski ( on t.v. ) he 's a hero . plain and simple . there 's one thing he want to do more than anything else ; that 's slide behind the wheel of a radio car and go back out there and do the same thing he be do that day . hopefully with better result . on tv : avery sit on the same couch he be sit on as he watch himself on tv . avery ( on t.v. ) I have only ever want to be a cop . ever since I be six . the baby 's cry drow out the tv . Jennifer stand , try to calm he down by bounce . Jennifer do not look so calm herself . avery turn up the volume . ed dague ( on t.v. ) we talk with Officer Cross for a moment about the high crime rate in schenectady . avery ( on t.v. ) it 's a epidemic . and it 's up to the police to do the heavy lift . that 's we job . but also something the community have to help with . ed dague ( on tv) we also ask Cross how he feel about ongoing allegation of corruption dogging the police . avery ( on t.v. ) schenectady deserve better . 91 pine white script as of 6/14/11 41 . a.j . be wail . avery be numb to it . Jennifer can not take any more . she retreat with the baby to they bedroom . on tv : luke 's mug-shot . ed dague ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) glanton , a drifter and sometime motor- cycle stunt -rider , have a violent history and a long be record . Police say he move here las spring and it only take he 5 month to start robbing local bank . he leave behind a infant son . I be Ed dague , wnyt , schenectady . a commercial begin on tv . avery be alone . int . bedroom . night . 91 a.j. sleep in a crib in the corner of a small bedroom . avery and Jennifer talk softly , lie in bed next to one another . jennifer be it scary ? avery it happen so fast . be not time to be scared . jennifer it 's scary for I . avery I be okay . jennifer I oust can not really believe that be deal with this you know ? te! 's just so weird ... avery what do you mean weird ? jennifer I guess the fact that you be in this position . I just never imagine we life like this . avery yeah well it 's just part of the job unfortunately . jennifer have not you have enough , now ? avery see tear welling in she eye . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I mean there 's so many thing you could do . 92 93 94 pine white script as of 6/14/11 42. avery why be you make I feel like I be do something wrong ? I be a cop . and_ I do not know why I have to apologize for that . _ jennifer we be just worried about you ... avery who 's " we ? " jennifer I talk to you dad today ... avery oh Jesus Christ . leave he out of it Jenny . he make he decision and now I be make mine . ok . avery turn away from Jennifer . she look at the ceiling . int . hospital room - day 92 montage . physical therapy - avery literally learn to walk all over again . we hear the doctor 's prognosis over this image . doctor ( v.o. ) you be go to be extremely weak on this leg for a while , so do not push too far too fast . avery ( v.o. ) how long before I be back to normal ? doctor ( v.o. ) I would rather not give you any unrealistic expectation . int . live room . evening . 93 the SOUND of the shower run in the background . baby a.j. , irresistibly cute , play on a blanket , coo . avery sit on the floor , yeg set wide apart . he do not look at he son , do not want to . his mind be somewhere else completely . the doorbell ring . avery get up to answer it . it be Scott . scottt hey partner . we think you might like 's a little distraction . avery look past Scott , see paul deluca and he partner crotty idling in a cruiser out front . int . unmarked police car - evening 94 avery and Scott ride in the back . deluca and crotty up front . 95 pine white script as of 6/14/11 43. avery you be aware I be not back on active duty yet . paul deluca ; we be aware . this be we gift to you . ext . two family house - afternoon 95 avery and Scott stand at the base of the step and watch - deluca and crotty ring the bell to romina 's house . malena open the door . deluca flash he badge . paul deluca be romina gutierrez at home ? malena turn she head into the house . malena romina ! kofi and romina come to the door . avery recognize she from the hospital . deluca flash he badge . paul deluca good afternoon , mar 'am . we be here to search the house . romina for what ? paul deluca evidence . kofi evidence for what ? paul deluca we be look for the money luke glanton may or may not have give to you . romina you suppose to have a warrant or something , right ? deluca lean in close to romina , quietly . paul deluca how about you assume I have a warrant , and I assume she have a green card . deluca nod toward malena . romina be out - manoeuver . she let they in . deluca nod to Scott and avery to head upstairs . avery reluctantly enter . romina recognize he from tv . 96 97 pine white script as of 6/14/11 44 , avery I be sorry for you loss . romina feel violate by he presence . avery side - step around she , nodd . int . two - family home - upstair . 96 aid by a cane , avery follow Scott as he head into the first room on the leave . they speak in hushed tone . avery I do not think I like this . scott we be safe . come on . int . two - family home - downstair . 97 deluca and crotty sit across from kofi and romina . malena bring out coffee and hostess donut . paul deluca thank you , mar 'am . ( to romina ) mostly this be just a formality . I believe you when you tell I you do not have the money , I really do . kofi ( to romina ) do not say anything ' till we get a lawyer . paul deluca relax , pal . you be not under arrest yet . nothing you say matter . romina we do not get the money . paul deluca this guy be a real piker . 10g from this bank , 7 from that one . to they it 's peanut . it 's all cover by the fdic anyways . romina he offer we the money but we never take it . kofi romina . paul deluca it 's okay , really . it 's my boss see , the chief . he 's very concerned about appearance . ( more ) pine white script as of 6/14/11 45 . paul deluca ( cont 'd ) otta harass good people so he 80 's like he 's do he job . it 's all politics . 98 int . two - family house - upstair . 98 Scott and avery search Jason 's room quietly . Scott begin to lift the crib mattress . scott hold the baby . avery this be too much . scottrt come on . I do not wanna wake he . avery pick up Jason , stare at he little , sleep body and contemplate the fact that he kill this kid father . meanwhile , Scott lift the mattress . . scott ( cont 'd ) bingo . he pull out_a stack of cash , show it to avery , hide it on he person . avery rest Jason back into the crib . 99 int . two - family house - downstair . 99 avery and Scott come down the stair . Scott approach deluca , whisper in he ear . deluca smile . 100 int . unmarked police car / ext home - continuous 100 avery , Scott and crotty wait in the car , watching . romina and kofi see they off from the porch . deluca be the last to leave . he linger for a second on the lawn . paul deluca I give you my card , right ? if you remember anything regard that money , you call I first , ok ? kofi of course . have a good evening officer . 101 int . unmarked police car - continious 101 deluca climb into the car and drive off . avery watch romina and kofi head back inside . paul deluca so , what 's we haul ? pine white script as of 6/14/11 46 . Scott produce the money and all the cop except avery hoot . Scott start to flip through the bill . paul deluca ( cont 'd ) where would you find it ? scottt under the fuck crib . paul deluca ha! perfect . scotrt when do you think they will notice it 's miss ? paul deluca they be notice it right now . crotty grab the bill from Scott . crotty you be too young to count . scottt it 's over fourteen grand ! paul deluca it 's not gonna be a even split . the lion 's share be go to you . deluca look at avery in he rearview mirror . paul deluca ( cont 'd ) a little unofficial hazard pay . crotty count out the money . he give a little of it to Scott and a lot of it to avery . sscottt thank you ! avery be slow to say something as he be hand the money . avery wow . deluca stare at he in the rearview . avery can not meet he gaze . 102 ext . avery and jennifer' home . dawn . 102 avery put the money in a old shoe box and stashes it somewhere in the shed . Jennifer stand in the upstairs window . she see he come out of the shed and turn off the light . 103 pine white script as of 6/14/11 47 . cory ( ¥- o - ) I know you be probably feel a little disorient by all that have happen . int . police station . office . day . 103 cory gilbeau , 37 female police psychologist interview avery . cory nod . cory I be here to start a conversation with you . and although I will ultimately make a recommendation as to whether you be ready or not to return to duty . I want you to know that the detail of what we discuss together will never move beyond this wall . ok ? avery sure . cory ok . so how be you avery ? avery ok . other than my knee , I be ok . cory ; what be the doctor say about you knee ? avery I will never be able to bend it properly . but that 's just what it be . cory that do not bother you ? avery I have not have much time to think about it yet . cory what have you be think about ? avery since the shoot ? avery ( cont 'd ) well ... you know ... it 's just be such a crazy time with physical therapy and everything you know ... get everything back on track . cory what do you have to get on track ? pine white script as of 6/14/11 48 . avery everything . cory wait for he to elaborate . avery ( cont 'd ) I mean like the job and relearning to walk and everything at home . cory what do you mean ' everything at home ? ' avery well you know it 's a shock for my wife and it do not help that there 's a baby around but it 's ok . cory you say it do not help that there 's a baby around ... avery well I just mean that it 's just another thing you know ? I think I just need time to get everything else sort out first . cory first before what ? avery before I can deal with that I guess .. cory you mean before you can deal with you baby ? avery do not respond . cory wait . cory ( cont 'd ) what happen avery ? be this hard to talk about ? . avery it 's just be hard I guess . cory hard to what ? avery hard to look at he . I can not look at he . cory what about you wife ? be you have the same problem with she ? avery .-.- I be have a hard time ... 104 105 pine white script as of 6/14/11 49 . he look at she after he say it . silence . chief weirzbowski ( v.o. ) we be gather here today to celebrate a cop who make other cop proud . int . proctor' theater - day 104 avery , propped up by a cane , be in uniform for the first time in week . he stand on stage at proctor 's theater . his dad , Jennifer and a.j. sit in the audience 2nd with member of the community and reporter . local news videotape it . Chief weirzbowski , in he best dress uniform , grip a podium . chief weirzbowski -.- Officer avery Cross . we can all rest a little easier at night now that he 's on the path of recovery . the crowd spontaneously applaud . chief weirzbowski ( cont 'd ) Officer Cross be the first member of he family to join the force . and not just any force . he join the schenectady Police Department . he say he want to go where the action be . well , careful what you wish for , right ? Gordon beam and the audience laugh . Gordon lumber over to avery and officially affix a decoration on avery 's uniform . moment later . photo op . avery in center be surround by weirzbowski , Jennifer , a.j. , and avery 's dad . int . steakhouse . night . 105 deluca raise a glass and the other cop follow . paul deluca to hero boy . lucky fuck . I be on the force 22 year , only pee t my weapon once . you be on less than 6 month you already get one in the bag . and he 's white ! ( har har ) lucky fuck ! how 's that feel ? avery better he than I , right ? paul deluca |. speedy recovery . next time , duck ! scott you mean , " jump ! " 106 107 pine white script as of 6/14/11 50 . everyone laugh , cheer . Al sit at the head of a large table fill with people from the ceremony - weirzbowski , deluca , crotty , Stevens , Jennifer and avery and Al . al ( to avery , privately ) Hell of a group . avery do not quite know how to respond to he Father 's veile insult . ext . golf course . day . 106 avery watch he dad set up the tee and prepare for he drive . Al swing . Hit a beautiful shot . ext golf course - later 107 later . avery and Al be putting . avery line up he shot but have trouble navigate he bum knee . al how 's it feel to be a hero , avery ? avery honestly , I be ready for it to end . al well do not worry it will . you can be sure of that . Police always on a big show when something tike 's this happen . because other than this , at else be there to keep people motivate ? the hero card be the only one they have to play . it 's the same thing that get people sign up for the army . avery I be not think about all that . I just want to get back to work . al well , you can go back . or you , gan ge forward . truthfully avery i you ad plan this you could not fave orchestrate it any better . but you " be not go to make it work or you within the police department I promise . avery putt . the ball go ... ( well that 's up to the putt ! ) al ( cont 'd ) depend what you want , really . it 's you choice . but if you smart you ride this wave into some kind of office . 108 109 pine white script as of 6/14/11 51 . Al putt . al ( cont 'd ) look at Roosevelt - a limp go a long way in politics . int . schenectady police station - day 108 avery slip into the station . everyone greet he reverently . int . outside chief weirzbowski be office - later 109 avery sit outside of the Chief of Police 's office . chief weirzbowski ( v.o. ) I receive a call today from Bill killcullen . he want I to convey to you some word which should come as a relief to you - int . chief weirzbowski be office - later 110 avery sit across from the Chief . chief weirzbowski the state 's internal investigation into the shoot of luke glanton have be deem awful . congratulation Officer . put it behind you and let 's get back to police work . ok ? avery ( relieved ) ok . that 's the question I want ... chief weirzbowski ( v.o. ) the question be can you go back out on patrol anytime soon ? and if you go out , could you be effective ? avery no , I know . I can not . chief weirzbowski I be glad you be be clear- eye about this . a lot of guy think there 's only one way £ 0 be a cor : you know , out there busting head . avery I have never be interested in that . + pine white script as of 6/14/11 52 . chief weirzbowski there be a lot of job that need to be do around here that in way , and you know this , in way be more important than what happen out on the street . avery I want you to make I a Lieutenant . put I in charge of special investigation . chief weirzbowski ( laugh ) I can not fuck do that . avery yes you can . you be the boss . chief weirzbowski you pay too much for you education to act so stupid , kid . avery I deserve it . but more importantly , I have idea that could turn that whole division around . chief weirzbowski that 's one mighty healthy sense of entitlement you get there Cross . there 's gey here who have be wait or 5 year to make sergeant . good cop . you be on the force barely a year , get lucky , & think you deserve to jump step ? avery I deserve something . chief weirzbowski how about you trade in you fifteen minute of fame for a piece of pussy , okay ? in the meantime , back ere in real life , you get two choice . retire on disability , or reassignment at you current rank . / avery reassignment ? int . evidence room - day 111 avery work behind the desk at the evidence room . it 's in the basement . behind he be row of wire - cage shelf . Scott Stevens , in plain-clothes , approach the desk . scottrt hey , man , hear you be down here . 112 113 pine white script as of 6/14/11 53. avery what 's with the street clothes ? sscottt T you do not hear ? I be vice now . avery no shit ? scottrt I be actually pair up with deluca . crotty retire last month . Scott hand over a folder with 2 bag of marijuana . avery thanks for the drug . sscottt any time . Scott pause a beat , he 's get something on he mind . scott ( cont ’d ) we should get a bite sometime . talk about thing ... avery hey , sure . anything to get I outta this cage . name the time ... scottt ... you name the place . they shake . Scott leave , say , " see ya . " avery head back into the locker . put the evidence inside . once do , he head deeper into the room , stand in front of another locker , open it up . he take out a cardboard box , sit on the floor , spread out_evidence : gun y_to he motorcycle , empty backpack , wallet . Inside the wallet , he find a picture of luke , romina , and Jason . ext . olympic diner - day 112 avery be park in he unmark cavalier across the street from the diner where romina work . he watch she through the window , go about she job . avery can not seem to assuage the guilt he feel for this woman . int . olympic diner - day 113 romina what can I get you ? romina look up from she pad , see avery sit in a booth . she try to hide she contempt for he , look around for help , but she be the only waitress on duty . awkward beat . pine white script as of 6/14/11 54 . avery how be you ? how 's you boy , Jason ? romina do you really care about my boy ? you care about my family ? or be this just small talk ? avery can not keep eye contact , she eye full of venom . he look down , notice that romina be pregnant . avery I will just take a coffee ... romina walk back into the kitchen . avery watch she go . Scott Stevens approach and sit down . both man shake hand . scottt thanks for meeting I . you order ? I be starve . Scott put he hand up and wave for romina . " ma 'am ! " scott ( cont 'd ) we be deal with a case , deluca and I . and it 's pretty sensitive . I be hope this can stay private . avery be listen . romina come back to the table , tremble with fear and rage . she pour avery 's coffee . scott ( cont 'd ) tuna melt . large iced tea . Scott hand she the menu , notice who she be , make big eye at avery . she turn to avery , wait for he order . avery can not tell if she be terrify or angry . probably both . avery I be fine with coffee . she take he menu , walk away . Scott look at avery like a kid who have just get away with something . scottt small fuck world . avery what would you want to talk about ? scottrt right . I know I could come to you . you could really help we bust this thing wide open . avery I do not know what I can do , but I be here for you . pine white script as of 6/14/11 55 . sscottt we have a operation go with this low level pusher . kid . it could lead to they higher - up , but we need to convince they we be legitimate . now , you know how it be . you want to sign out drug or money for a operation and the list of regulation ... it 's insane . as long as you arm , right ? romina return with the ice tea . Scott add 4 sugar . scott ( cont 'd ) ( stir he drink ) deluca and I think , you know , you be a stand - up guy . if we can arrange something where we can have , you know , temporary access to the evidence room , and we could borrow some stuff . avery I be listen ... 114 int . elan' strip club - night 114 Girls on stage grind to music and will do anything for a dollar . avery and deluca share a booth with Scott . paul deluca we will give you a list of what we need and you pull it out for we . we will use it and then get it or something exactly like it back to as soon as we can . avery for this one investigation ? Scott and deluca look at one another . scott well , yeah , for this investigation . but we be hope this could be like something we be all involved in . periodically . if we need it . a coke -head move quick through the club and duck into the bathroom . deluca eye he , let it slide . avery like a open-end thing ? paul deluca what the hell ? Scott tell I you want to help we do some rea police work . pine white script as of 6/14/11 56 . scottrt take it easy , Paul . avery be help . we be just work it out . Paul smile . he point to Scott with he thumb . paul deluca my better half . avery what happen if somebody come up for trial and the evidence be not there ? sscottt that 's not a problem ... paul deluca you pest fudge the paper work . we will give you cover from the da . paul deluca ( cont ’d ) also , you_ should file the occasional report about how disorganize the evidence room be . it 's a good hedge if something surprise we . avery why ? why would I do this ? what do I get out of it ? paul deluca what be you say ? you want we to bribe you or something ? to do you fuck job ? avery I be not ask for fuck bribe . just assurance . I want to do what 's right , but I need assurance . paul deluca the fuck ? you need fuck assurance ? I do not even know what that mean . Assurance ? you get that in law school ? listen , pal , if this blow up we be all fuck . but you , see , you make sure it do not blow up . you can walk around all day look down you self - righteous fuck nose at everybody , but you say you wanna be a cop . do you ? avery yes , but ... paul deluca you wanna see what we be deal with ? c'mere . pine white script as of 6/14/11 57 . deluca stand , walk into the bathroom where the coke-head disappear minute earlier . he beckon avery and Scott to follow . anticipate the adventure ahead , Scott stand , sigh . avery follow he lead . int . elan 's bathroom . continuous . 115 deluca see foot stand inside one of the stall . pant be not down . deluca kick open the door . sees the guy snort a line . coke-head what the fuck , man ? deluca gimme you dope . coke-head I be not do nothing , man . deluca grab the man by he hair , jerk he head _ back , look up he nostril . he pull the man out of the stall , head i11 pull back . deluca you be full of shit . ( to avery ) see this ? no fuck nose hair . it 's the absolute tell - tale sign of a fuck coke-head . ( to the coke-head ) who 's you source asshole ? coke-head I do not know what the fuck you be talk about ! the man be scared , do not say anything . deluca look at avery and Scott , before yanking he out of the joint . int . deluca 's car - night 116 deluca and Scott be in front and avery sit 's in the back with the coke-head . he look at avery . avery look away . ext . pine barren - later 117 deluca lead the cuffed coke-head into the pine with a flashlight . Scott and avery follow . deluca stop . deluca okay shitbag , walk ahead of we and stand by that tree . the coke-head be petrify . deluca take avery aside . + pine white script as of 6/14/11 58 . deluca ( cont 'd ) okay hero go find out who he source be . , avery ; this be crazy . what be we do here ? deluca this be the fuck job . avery look at Scott . unspoken , Scott urge he on . avery walk to the coke-head , try to be a human be . avery what 's you name ? junkie fuck you motherfucker . avery lean in and whisper . avery listen . you have any idea what kind of trouble you be in here ? I need to know the name of you source so i can get you outta here . junkie do not say anything . he 's not scared of avery . deluca what 's take so long ? do the right thing , hero . avery this be you last chance . junkie or what ? fuck you bitch . the other cop hoot with laughter . avery be mortify by the man 's defiance and the ultimate ghetto insult - no man call another man a bitch without a fight . avery slam the junkie up against the tree . avery give I a fuck name . avery 's press the man face against the tree . he pull he head back and slam against the tree again . deluca put he hand on avery 's shoulder . deluca whoa , whoa ... no need to hurt the guy for Christ sake . avery 's breathe hard . he step back . pine white script as of 6/14/11 59 . deluca ( cont 'd ) apology for my colleague here . he 's still learn how to be a cop . deluca produce a bag of crack cocaine . he hold it up with the flash light on it . deluca ( cont 'd ) see this ... it 's the real deal . give it a taste . it 's all yours . we good need one name from you . and here 's more where this come from . the junkie be interested . he take the bag . avery learn . 118 ext . avery and jennifer' home . night . 118 avery can not sleep . he stare at the ceiling . he get out of bed , very quietly . 119 ext . avery and jennifer' home . shed . pre -dawn 119 avery dig out the shoe box with the plastic bag of money he take from romina 's place . he quietly walk back to he car . jennifer ( 0.s. ) avery ? Jennifer open the back porch screen door , and come out in she nightgown . she see the bag of money in he hand . he try to hide it . they stand there for a minute . jennifer ( cont 'd ) do you wanna talk ? avery I have to go . jennifer ok . avery ok . he go for he car . jennifer this stuff you be do do not feel good . avery what stuff be I do ? jennifer be you in trouble ? avery sigh . at a loss on how to answer . 120 pine white script as of 6/14/11 60 . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I have never see you like this . avery like what ? jennifer so distant . ( beat ) I just do not feel like I can trust you right now and I never think would feel that way about you . avery then maybe I should not be here . jennifer will you just come inside ? I miss you , avery . avery . -.- I can not ... I can not do this ... Jennifer gather the courage to ask ... jennifer be you leave I ? avery I be sorry . avery get in he car . shut the door . start it up . ext . olympic diner - morning 120 romina get off of she shift . avery climb out of he car . avery Excuse I . do not worry . I be not here as a police officer . I be just a regular guy . avery hold out the money for she . romina will not touch it . avery ( cont 'd ) I do not judge anything you have do . this be yours , not mine . please . romina I do not know where that money be from . and what you be do be very inappropriate . romina walk over to she car and get in . avery follow . avery I be not try to_entrap you . take it . you need it . for the baby . 121 pine white script as of 6/14/11 61 . romina what do you know about what my baby need ? romina back out and almost run over avery 's foot . avery watch she drive away . int . police station . weirzbowski's office . day . 121 the end of another long day but avery have be wait a long time . weirzbowski call he in . avery walk in , see the chief gather he thing to leave for the day . avery Chief . avery close the door behind he . Chief find it curious . chief weirzbowski what 's up , Cross ? do not tell I you be gonna ask for another promotion . avery . no. something else ... avery reach in he jacket , pull out the bag of money . chief weirzbowski what 's that do up here ? avery it come from one of the house . during a search . and it 's not just this ... chief weirzbowski ( interrupt ) do not say another word . avery put the money down on the chief 's desk . they both look at it , then at each other . chief weirzbowski ( cont ’d ) what do you want I to do with this ? what do want I to do . what do you expect I to do ? silence . avery wish he would have never bring it up with the chief . he stand up to leave . chief weirzbowski ( cont ’d ) whoa . wait a minute . I want you to know that this be not good business . this be not the way to build a career . the chief take a couple of tissue from a box , use they to pick up the bag of money ( so as not to get he fingerprint on it ) . he throw it at avery . hard . 122 123 124 125 pine white script as of 6/14/11 62 . chief weirzbowski ( cont ’d ) take this shit outta my office . avery what should I do with it ? chief weirzbowski shove it up you fuck ass ! I do not care ! you figure it out . avery retreat out of the office . move through the station with increase determination . int . evidence room . day . continuous . 122 unlock door . take out luke 's box . unzip the backpack . stuff the money in there . ext . police station . parking lot . late afternoon . 123 avery walk out of the station , with paranoid urgency . " chirp chirp " unlock he car . he look to the leave , sees - weirzbowski talk to deluca . they turn and watch he . shit ! he get 's into he car - kind of a lengthy process with he bum knee - have to stick he bad leg in first without bend it . he 's nervous and impatient . finally get in . int . avery car . dusk . 124 his heart be racing from the adrenaline . he drive down erie blvd toward home . not much traffic . he talk to himself . suddenly . the light from a cruiser flash behind he . " what the fuck ? " he do not know what to do . he keep drive . the cruiser get closer . siren bleat . int / ext avery car - continuous 125 avery be cover in sweat . he pull over to the side . watch in the rear-view . the cruiser be park behind he , light still flash . he can not make out who be drive , just hazy silhouettes . the driver 's door crack open . beat . deluca step out . pull up he pants . approach avery 's window . he roll down he window . paul deluca license and registration . avery | 's throw off . he reach into he pocket . deluca start laugh ( deep laugh of a smoker ) . 126 pine white script as of 6/14/11 63. paul deluca ( cont ’d ) what _ the fuck be wrong with you ? if I tol ' ya to bend over so I can fuck ya up the ass would you do it ? avery feel like snap . paul deluca ( cont ’d ) it 's a fuck joke . have a sense of humor . you okay ? avery nod . paul deluca ( cont ’d ) you sure ? ' Cause you do not look so good . avery I be good . paul deluca Scott tell I he talk to you about that thing . you know , that thing ? we need to talk it over . get a little game plan together - if you know what I be sayin ' . avery when ? now ? paul deluca now ? no last week . whatdaya mean , " now ? " yeah now . follow I . he return to he cruiser , pull up next to avery , roll down he passenger side window . paul deluca ( cont ’d ) we be gonna go out a little way . get away from the ear in this city . follow I . avery roll up he window and nervously go along with it . int . avery car into the pine - continuous drive 126 the headlight of avery 's car illuminate endless row of lonely pine tree . deluca 's tail light hover ahead , lead avery deeper and deeper into the darkness . avery 's heart be in he throat . he take he gun out of he holster , set it next to he . " where the fuck be you go ? " deluca turn down a dirt road , and avery have no choice but to follow . '' oh my fuck ged . " avery stop . see , deluca 's brake light . deluca 's door open . abject terror . avery do a super fast and messy 3 - point turn to get out of there . he be nearly hyperventilate . pine white script as of 6/14/11 64 . he peel out send a cloud of gravel and dirt into the atmosphere . he straighten out on the main road and drive like hell out of the forest . 127 ext / int . avery father be home - GE plot - night 127 avery pull into he father 's driveway . stately mini mansion - now all dark . avery ring the bell . knock . Porch light turn on . Al Cross , in robe , open the door . he look into he son 's desperate eye . nod . " come in ... " 128 int . avery father 's home - later 128 they sit_in a large kitchen , drink scotch . we pick up in the middle of they conversation . al there 's always a way out . and there 's a way out of this ... but you be not go to like it . do you want to hear ? avery I want to hear . al ok let 's start at the precinct . who , if anyone , still trust you ? avery know that this be the moment he can not turn back from . he know who trust he ... 129 int . cruiser . the next day 129 avery balance 2 cup of coffee and open the passenger 's side door . Scott sit in the driver 's seat . sscottt you really give deluca quite the scare ... avery that 's one way to look at it . scottt what the fuck be you think ? he 's ready to dump you and give up on the whole thing . what happen ? avery I just be not in the mood to get fuck around . scottrt look . I know . he 's very difficult to deal with sometimes . but that 's just he . ( more ) 130 pine white script as of 6/14/11 65 . scott ( cont 'd ) he need to get comfortable . he 's just testing you . he need to know your on board . and it 's get a ittle hard for I to keep vouching for you . especially when you act so fuck weird all the time . avery well enough with the fuck test . you tell I what you want I to do or just fuck leave I alone . sscottt damn , you be touchy . avery be all nerve . avery okay fuck it . I be out . avery open he car door to get out . scottt hey come on partner . avery stop . want to just walk away , but he can not leave . scott ( cont ’d ) remember the macinnis case ? the kilo ? we need you_to pull that out for we . deluca will make the pick up . we will get it , or something exactly like it , back to as soon as we can . avery not a problem . sscottt I know I could count on you . they slap " five . " int . schenectady county d.a. be office - day 130 avery , in uniform , sit across from d.a. killcillen . he hold a small tape- recorder up & Plays he conversation with Scott which he secretly record . killcillen lean in to listen . scott ( on tape recorder ) I know we could count on you . avery click off the tape , hand the recorder to killcullen . avery I have more . much more . killcullen study the recorder and put it on he desk . pine white script as of 6/14/11 66 . bill killcullen have you show this to ia ? avery no way . bill killcullen what 's that suppose to mean ? avery I have no interest in be a martyr . I can give you this whole case on a silver platter . killcullen smile . he press a button on he intercom . his receptionist stacy answer on the other end . bill killcullen stacy ? be it Christmas ? stacy ( over the intercom ) what ? bill killcullen can you check for I and see if it 's Christmas ? stacy ( over the intercom ) I be busy . the intercom click off . bill killcullen to the best of my knowledge , it 's not Christmas . therefore , I assume this be not just a gift you want to give I ? avery no . I have condition . bill killcullen and what be this condition ? avery first off , you need to give I you word you ' be go to follow through . second , I want immunity if you do follow through . and thir whether you follow through or not , I want you to make I a assistant d.a . I have a law degree and I pass the bar . bill killcullen I already have a assistant d.a. two , actually . avery make room . 131 132 133 pine white script as of 6/14/11 67 . bill killcullen Officer Cross . avery , right ? can I call you avery ? avery , you be obviously someone I can be candid with . no bullshit . well let I ask you straight , just on the face of this yoposition , why the hell do you think I would be willing to reward you for this shit sandwich ? I have to work with the guy on this tape . I be not go to make it my business to screw they . avery you can say no to I and I will walk out of here and walk right into the gazette . only when I play the tape for they , they will be some new material . avery pull another little recorder from he inside coat ocket and show it to killcullen . it 's recording . killcullen ean back in he chair and smile . avery smile back . bill killcullen wow . you be a real asshole , huh ? avery Act now , and I be you asshole . ext . deluca residence - day 131 Federal agent arrest Paul deluca at he home and lead he down he sidewalk in cuff . anchor ( on t.v. ) ( v.o. ) drug , corruption and gang . it 's not a investigation by the schenectady Police it 's a investigation into the schenectady Police . int . prison cell - day 132 Scott Stevens be put into a cell . the door close behind he . anchor ( on t.v. ) ( v.o. ) earlier today , da William killcullen announce that he office , in conjunction with the f.b.i. would be hand down indictment that would lead to the arrest of schenectady Police officer . int . police station . night . 133 Chief weirzbowski stand , watch the tv , seethe . 134 135 136 pine white script as of 6/14/11 68 . reporter 2 ( on t.v. ) the d.a. be make allegation today that schenectady vice officer act like the gang they be suppose to be busting . int . avery and jennifer' home . night 134 on tv : a reporter stand in front of the Police station . reporter 2 officer allegedly steal drug , money and even gun from the police department 's evidence room . with the steal evidence , official say , the cop allegedly pay criminal to help set up they rival which lead to headline grab arrest . Jennifer watch the news report on tv , bounce a.j. ext / int . avery father be home - GE plot - night 135 avery and he father watch the local news . his father take a phone call , and avery be leave alone , in the kitchen . reporter 2 ( on t.v. ) ( v.o ) the d.a. announced a star witness in the case , hero - cop avery Cross , who post under a year ago be shot in the line of duty while save two schenectady resident from the alleged " motobandit . " int . legal office . conference room . month later . day . 136 avery and Jennifer enter a room with they lawyer and a mediator . avery sit on one side of a big conference table with he lawyer and Jennifer sit on the other with hers . the mediator sit at the head . awkward . Little eye contact . mediator it 's always nice when two party can come to a agreement on they own without have to enter a courtroom because we all know where that can lead . that be say I just want to remind all party present that we be not lock in yet and there 's still time to revise the specifics of this agreement but after this divorce document be sign of course that window close . ok ? Mr. Cross , do you fully understand that in sign this document you be willingly give away sole custody of you son a.j . ( more ) 137 pine white script as of 6/14/11 69 . mediator ( cont 'd ) Cross to you former wife Jennifer Cross and in so do you understand that_you be relinquishing all rights go forward to make decision regard the parent of you son . do you fully understand the implication of what you be signing ? avery lean over to he lawyer . avery lawyer yes he do . mediator and do you , Jennifer Cross understand the term of this agreement ? Jennifer be heart -broken . she look at avery , hope that he will put up a fight . he do not . defeat , disappointed , disillusion , she look down and say " yes . " jennifer' lawyer yes she do . ellipse . document be sign . ext . cemetary . day . 16 year later . 137 the cemetary be natural , hilly and wild . pall - bearer remove a casket from the back of a hearse . preacher ( v.o. ) Albert Cross be someone who bring justice and strength to all aspect of he life . people awkwardly mingle as they find they seat . this be a big funeral . a preacher stand at a podium next to a tent and a open grave . people sit and stand , listen and remember . preacher he be not only a father to he beautiful family but also a father to we entire community . avery , now the distinguished look statesman ( a little grayer at the temple , but still in great shape ) , sit next to a now 16 - year old a.j. Jennifer sit next to a.j . preacher ( cont 'd ) I would like to welcome he son , who I know he be extremely proud of , to say a few word . da Cross ? avery stand . people watch he with sympathetic expression as he quietly make he way to the podium . 138 pine white script as of 6/14/11 70 . avery let I start by say thank you to everyone who have come out today to honor my father 's life . I know Al have a tremendous impact on so many of you here . he be not exactly what you would call a low impact man . I remember as a boy look at he in he judge gown and think my dad be a super hero . now look back I think I be not so far off . my father have that all important quality as a judge of be both compassionate and ferocious at the same time . he be not afraid to make enemy and because of that_he make many friend . before he fall into a coma I be able to tell he that I be dedicate my run for Senate to he . ( choke up ) he shook he head no . I do not understand why he do this . and so I lean in close and he manage to whisper ... and he say to ame , " I will take the win not the run . people laugh . Jennifer do not . avery ( cont 'd ) that be Al . ext / int . avery father be home - GE plot - later 138 well dress folk gather at Al 's house for a reception . pot luck dish cover the grand dining room table . a.j. wear headphone as he fill a plate with food . avery make the round accept condolence with the grace of a politician . Jennifer watch he finish one conversation and move quickly to another . she hang back until the open reveal itself . jennifer avery . avery turn around and Jennifer give he a meaningful hug . avery I guess this day have to come at some point right ? Jennifer nod . jennifer I know how hard this must be for you . avery know that Jennifer know the true depth of how hard it be . he work to stay compose . avery thank you . 139 pine white script as of 6/14/11 71 . avery avert he eye from Jennifer 's stare . jennifer so I know this be not_the ideal time but I need to talk to you about a.j. a little bit . avery okay . it 's hard for Jennifer to say this ... jennifer he want to live with you ... he will not stop ask I about it . avery really ? well I think he should at some point . Jennifer look at he sadly . she would do anything to keep he at home . jennifer this be he senior year aver there be not go to be anot er point . avery it 's just ... a tough time for I right now . with the campaign and ... I be totally unprepare you know ? jennifer be that what you want I to tell he ? that it 's a tough time for you ? avery Jennifer ... ext . avery home . poolside . day . 139 avery be sit in a patio chair , try to lead a conference call with he political advisor . they discuss detail of he campaign . a.j. walk out of the house with a big beach towel , set it on a chair . he take off he shirt and stand on the edge of the pool , watch he dad talk on the phone . avery look at he son , shirtless , skinny , pale , stand on the edge of he pool . as if a.j. sense he dad 's inspection , he jump and cannonball 's into the pool . he make a big splash and lot of noise . avery take the conference call inside . a.j. be leave in the pool alone . + ee + 140 141 142 pine white script as of 6/14/11 72 . ext linten high school . day . 140 * a.j. park he nice car in the student lot of the school . guidance counselor ( 0.s. ) let 's see ... avery Cross ? a.j. a.j. guidance counselor oh okay . a.j. pass by other student on he way into school . int . guidance counselor' office - later 141 a.j. sit across from the guidance counselor . he look over he schedule . guidance counselor I see you dad on tv the other day . he 's really good in front of that camera . a.j. yeah . we be really proud of he . int . lunchroom . 142 * a.j. wander around the lunchroom with a tray of pizza - do not know anybod : do not see a place to sit . see a big , rebellious yook fa — jason sit alone . a.j. walk over and put he tray down across from he . + a.j . what 's up ? Jason eye a.j. , then nod . a.j. open he milk carton . look * around at girl walk by . a.j. ( cont 'd ) must be extra hormone in the chicken here cuz this girl be develop . N ’aw mean ? Jason look around and smile . a.j. ( cont 'd ) damn ... my dad want I here for my senior year - I do not know why . I be so fuck glad to get out of fuck Troy though man . jason yeah ? 143 144 145 pine white script as of 6/14/11 73. a.j . that fuck town suck dude . Way worse than here . Jason eat . a.j. ( cont 'd ) you have any good distraction ' round here ? jason ( think ) some . ext . grout park . afternoon . 143 a.j. take the first drag of a marijuana pipe . holding the smoke in he lung he pass it to Jason . Jason do the same . ext . train track montage — later 144 they tell joke , get high , wrestle lose in the hot autumn friendship . the character literally get to know each other before we eye . ext . train track - later 145 a.j . you live with both of you parent ? jason yeah . a.j . that 's cool they be still together . jason yeah well it 's not my real dad but ... a.j. where 's you real dad at ? jason die . in a car accident . I be still a baby though . a.j . that 's fuck up right ? jason that 's the way it be . beat . a.j. look at he . they walk . + 146 pine white script as of 6/14/11 74 . a.j . this be kind bud dude - but you know where we can score some X ? int . suv . night 146 a.j. drive he dad 's suv through Hamilton Hill section of * schenectady . jason take a right . and then pull over up there . a.j. put on he blinker , turn the corner , & pull over . it 's a rough part of town . he give Jason a pile of cash , and leave the engine run . jason ( cont 'd ) k wait here . a.j. crank he head to see Jason run / walk down the block to a shitty look house . a.j. wait , look around , nervous . Jason be back relatively quickly . he hand a.j. a package of * 20 tabs . * a.j. yeah son ! a.j. take he x. * a.j. ( cont 'd ) * what you wait for ? * Jason think twice . then pop he tab . a.j. hoot and * holler , pump he stereo , then pull away from the curb . * suddenly . cop light flash behind they . a.j. ( cont 'd ) ( freaking out ) what the fuck ? oh fuck . Holy shit . a.j. keep drive . Jason turn down the music . * jason shit. just pull over . * a.j. * what the fuck , dude ? * jason * just chill out . just pull over . * finally , a.j. do . a.j . what the fuck do you do ? 147 148 149 pine white script as of 6/14/11 75 . ext . schenectady police station - continuous 147 avery get out of he car and walk into the station . avery ( v.o. ) where have you get he ? chief weirzbowski ( v.o. ) downstair . int . police station . cont 148 Chief weirzbowski brief avery as they walk through the hall of the station . avery what happen ? chief weirzbowski he be bu ing gostasy from some schenectady kid avery who arrest he ? chief weirzbowski beat cop . Central district patrol . avery anyone see he come in other than he ? chief weirzbowski no . I make sure of that . avery and what about the arrest officer ? stand up guy ? chief weirzbowski fpey ! 11 sit on this . if they hear rom I . int . video monitor room - continuous 149 they arrive at a video monitor which be split into quadrant . avery look at the screen , sees - a.j. sit alone in a interrogation room , & Jason , with he head down in he fold arm on the table , sit alone in a separate room . avery who 's the other kid ? chief weirzbowski Jason kancam . get catch a few year ago on some vandalism charge . another aimless youth . * * 150 pine white script as of 6/14/11 76 . avery can not believe it . he try to hide he surprise . avery cut the mic in room 2 . int . interrogation room - moment later 150 avery enter the room , take off he jacket , use he jacket to cover the hide camera ; obscure the surveillance feed . a.j. be roll . a.j. I be really sorry dad . it be m fault . I should not have be there . I know you do not have time to deal with this kinda stuff right now . it will not happen again . you have my word . avery hold a stare at he son . his apology fall on deaf ear . avery not he . awkward beat . a.j. what ? avery leave that kid alone . a.j. ( smile ) why ? avery push he into the wall . get up in he face . avery 's voice be full of malice but he keep it at a raspy whisper . avery wipe that fuck smile off you face . a.j. 's smile have become a terrify quiver . avery ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? not he . a.j. do not respond - tear be now come out of he eye . avery release he , stand up . avery ( cont 'd ) stay away from he , you understand I ? a.j. nod he head slightly . he put he jacket on and resume the face of a politician . a.j. + oe + + + 151 152 pine white script as of 6/14/11 77 . follow he out of the room wiping the tear from he eye with the sleeve of he sweatshirt . int . other interrogation room - continuous 151 Jason sit alone in the other interrogation room . a cop open the door and enter the room . the cop take a seat across from Jason . cop okay . you be under arrest . I be suppose to advise of you rights . you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be use against you . you have the right to a attorney . if you can not afford a attorney , one will be appoint for you . Jason swallow hard . his eye dart around the room . cop ( cont 'd ) you okay ? Jason nod , rapidly . cop ( cont 'd ) we be gonna book you now , okay ? jason ' kay . int . schenectady police station - later 152 Jason be fingerprinted and photograph . his personal possession be take from he and cataloge . cop do you want to call someone ? jason I do not know . cop what 's not to know ? jason I do not want my mom to find out . cop she 's gonna find out anyway . if you do not call someone , you be gonna spend the night in jail . Jason think about it . 153 154 155 pine white script as of 6/14/11 78 . int . holding cell - later 153 scare , Jason sit in a hold cell with 1 or 2 drunk . drunk I look where I want to look . I be look at you and if ou say anything about it , I will defend myself . Jason try to look away . tries to make himself disappear . drunk ( cont 'd ) do not ignore I . do not you fuck ignore I . int . avery home . day . 154 a.j. sit alone on the live room couch . he eat a piece of pizza and watch a news report . the report show avery campaigning at the local boy and girl club . anchor -+- the senatorial candidate even take time to play a few inning with the local youth . we see avery at bat , swing , hit and run the basis ( he limp slow he down of course . int . court room - day 155 Jason sit alone in the gallery of a court house with a public defender . kofi and romina , both 16 year older , enter the room , shake hand with the public defender . Jason can not really make eye contact with they because he know how angry they be . public defender so , Jason . seem like you have some friend in high place ? Jason be visibly confuse . public defender ( cont 'd ) just lucky , I guess . I be get some pretty strong signal from the prosecutor that if you plead guilty , we can bargain this down to almost nothing . romina what do you mean ? like it will be dismiss ? public defender no . if he plead guilty he will have a record . ( more ) ee + % HH hf hk + + 156 157 158 pine white script as of 6/14/11 79 . public defender ( cont 'd ) but if we bargain down to misdameanor possession we can get some time serve from the night in jail and at worst maybe a fine and some probation . romina and we get that if we plead guilty ? defender get up to leave , stack folder as he go . public defender it 's you lucky day , I guess . romina stare at she son . he look to she , find no approval . int . kofi 's car . day . 156 they drive home . nobody say a word . you could cut the tension with a knife . int . two - family house . day . 157 Jason enter the house and run up to he room . kofi and romina enter behind he . hear he shut he door . int . two family house , jason be room - later 158 knock at the door . jason yeah . romina enter the room and look around . Jason close he notebook and look at she . he know how fuck he be . she walk over to Jason and slap he across the face . it 's the kind of slap that make you eye water . romina do not you ever do that to I . Jason look up at he mom . it 's the first time she 's hit he . romina ( cont 'd ) no call ? no nothing ? you be afraid we would be angry ? ( beat ) well guess what . we be angry . jason sorry . romina you need to start act like you be a part of this family . ( more ) hhh hk + + 4 HH HH of + 159 160 161 pine white script as of 6/14/11 romina ( cont 'd ) not just some guy who life in the same house . okay ? nothing . romina ( cont 'd ) say " okay . " jason okay . Jason put he head down . romina I will not watch this happen . she leave he room , slamm he door shut . int . christian brother academy . waiting room . Jason and romina sit in the wait room . sergeant ( v.o. ) we see kid like yours every day Mrs. cankam . Young man who come here and think that somehow the jaw of the land do not apply to they . montage . christian brother academy . 80 . 159 160 a sergeant give Jason and romina a tour of the facility . sergeant ( v.o. ) boy who have be through countless school , jail , foster home , you name it . int . christian brother academy . office - continuous Jason and romina sit across a desk from the sergeant . sergeant I have speak to countless mother just like you self who feel with out hope for they son and all I have to tell you be that what we do here at the Christian Brothers Academy work . we do not deviate from we routine for anything or anyone . every cadet do physical training start at 6:05 sharp . then chore , then formation , advisory , academic and so on until chore and light out at 10 pm . cadet have 35 minute per day of free time . ( more ) 161 * oe * of * * ee 162 pine white script as of 6/14/11 81 . sergeant ( cont 'd ) if this be not respected it will be promptly retract . we believe , Mrs. cankam , that freedom be earn . it all come down to the character of the individual . they both look to Jason . romina well , I honestly do not know what else there be for we to do . Jason be shocked . he 's not go here in a million year . sergeant well let 's talk to the young man himself . how do you see yourself fitting in here , Jason ? jason I do not . I be not come here . no way . the sergeant be not surprised by Jason 's answer . he turn and speak to romina as if Jason be not there . sergeant this kind of resistance to the program be typical Mrs. cankam . int . car . moving . continuous . 162 romina drive . Jason be very distant . romina I be do this only because I love you . jason how can you say that ? how can you say you love I when you be gonna kick I out of you house ? romina you can be mad at I all you want . but you have make you own choice here , Jason . jason that 's a funny way to love someone . romina Jason .. jason this be my last year at home , and you be gonna send I away ? you must really love I . he HH hhh hhh hhh HH + HH fh hhh hhh HH oe 163 164 pine white script as of 6/14/11 82. romina Jason . Jason . no one 's send you away yet ... Jason look away from he mom , yank on the string on he hoodie until he face disappear into a black hole . romina ( cont 'd ) the application process take 2 week . you can change my mind about this . but you be gonna have to prove it to I . you have 2 week . but I need you to try really really hard . ok ? she put out she hand to shake . romina ( cont 'd ) Jason ... do we have a deal ? Jason ? jason yeah romina you gotta shake on it . Jason do . a little bit of the tension be lift . ext . linten high school . morning . 163 kofi pull he suv up into the student lot . vanessa get out of the passenger 's seat , Jason get out of the back seat . kofi get out of the driver 's seat , pop the back hatch , retrieve a diorama . he bring it to vanessa , kiss she on the top of she head . then , pull Jason by neck , and kiss he on the top of he head . embarrass , Jason swing a playful punch at kofi . a.j. , surround by other kid , watch the scene from the fancy tail of he suv . Jason see that a.j. have be watch he . he wave at a.j. a.j. turn away from he . Jason , a little perplex , walk into school with he sister . int . school . pool - day 164 loud echoing yell and laughter fill the pool area . student enjoy free time . Jason stand on the edge , reticent to get in . gym teacher gotta get wet , cancam . only way to get credit be to get in the pool . Jason slowly descend the stair into the pool . the water be cold . he hold onto the wall because he can not swim . look up , sees a.j. run on the diving board do a sick flip into the pool . Big splash . kid cheer . hhh fh hk * + hk HH hoh hhh hhh oh > 165 pine white script as of 6/14/11 83. use the wall , Jason make he way over to a.j. , who be talk and goof off with a group of guy . jason sup ? a.j. sup dude ? jason that be a sick dive . Jared come up behind a.j. and dunk he . a.j. retaliate and get Jared back . Jason watch , a bit uncomfortably , hope hey do not try and do the same to he . gym teacher hand off the side , cancam . Jason let go of the edge . tries desperately to stay afloat . int . locker room . later 165 student get dress . loud. commotion . Jason sit near a.j. who sit with other kid . jason hey , sorry man . I do not mean to get you bust . a.j. fuck that , dude . my dad have I outta there in like 5 minute . I be not gonna stay there and get fuck up the ass all night . jason you get ground or something like that ? what be you punishment ? a.j. ( laugh ) wy punishment be I can do no wrong . what about you ? jason I be ok . a.j. really ? Cause I see that guy today . jason what guy ? a.j. you dad ... that 's you fuck dad ? dude , he look 's like fuck linebacker . Jared laugh . a.j. enjoy the attention . + HH hhh HH fh khh fhf hk * 166 pine white script as of 6/14/11 84 . jason kofi 's cool . a.j . he 's fuck ridiculous , bro . when have he move in ? jason what ? he do not move in . a.j . he 's always be there ? do he at least wait until you dad die to move in on you momma ? laughter . Jason be rip shit . get in a.j. 's face . jason what the fuck be you talk about , a.j.? dude. chil ! '' Gay playin . do not be so serious . you get a fuck temper , man . you need to get that shit under control . or you be gonna get into trouble , a.j. and gang get up , leave Jason alone in the locker room . int . jason's house , dine room - evening 166 Jason and he family eat dinner . kofi and vanessa talk about she day at school . Jason will not make eye contact with anyone in he family . he 's deep in he own thought . jason ( blurt ) what 's the deal with my dad ? everyone in the house go quiet . kofi look to romina to see how she want to answer this . this question take she aback , bring to surface many conflict emotion . she become a ; jason ( cont 'd ) do you hate he or something ? romina can not look at Jason . she can not look at anyone . jason ( cont 'd ) I be just wonder , because , I be just - I do not even know what color be eye be ... romina I tell you everything there be to know Jason . hhh HH hhh HH HH * HH hhh HH hhh > + pine white script as of 6/14/11 85 . jason * you have not tell I shit . * she get up with she plate . disappear into the kitchen . kofi * watch , then look toward Jason . Jason look deject . kofi * take a bite of he food . * 167 int . jason 's room . night . 167 * Jason doodle in a notebook - violent picture . knock at the * door . kofi appear in the doorway . * kofi feel like go for a ride ? * jason * not really . * kofi * I do . let 's go . come on . * 168 ext . friendly's restaurant - parking lot - later 168 kofi and Jason lean against he suv . kofi drink a shake . Jason lick a ice cream cone . jason can we drive around ? kofi with ice cream ? come on . I be try to keep that car nice . jason that car be older than you . * kofi laugh in spite of himself . kofi wait till you have you own . which at the rate you be go will be never . kofi and Jason enjoy they ice cream in silence . jason how come mom will not talk to I about * my dad ? * another silence . kofi search ... kofi ( like darth vader ) I be you father . search you feeling , you know it to be true . Jason laugh . 169 pine white script as of 6/14/11 86 . kofi ( cont 'd ) it 's you mom 's business to talk about or not talk about , you know ? jason grandma use to tell I some . kofi oh yeah ? what would she say ? jason ( beam ) she say he be a bad man . a outlaw or something . kofi ( unimpress ) that sound cool to you ? jason I do not know . be he really mess up ? Jason lick he ice cream and try to look unmove . kofi he 's not you father . not really . he 's some guy who have a baby . I be you father . I be there since you be bear . I love you . I will always love you . jason will you tell I he name ? kofi consider this request . _ kofi you mom be gonna murder I . int . school library . day . 169 Jason googles the name ' luke glanton ' on the school computer . a list of link to old news article come up . Jason click on one - a text only article . read : " moto - bandit luke glanton was_shot and kill yesterday in a shoot - out with schenectady Police ... Jason be floor . he continue discover more detail on he father 's life , and death . near the end of the article he read : " glanton , a former motorcycle stunt rider have be work at Van Der Zee service station in rotterdam . his former boss , robin van der zee , decline to be interview for this article . 170 171 172 pine white script as of 6/14/11 87 . ext . niskayuna street / schenectady street - afternoon 170 Jason ride away from school down Route 5 toward rotterdam . ext . van der zee service station - later 171 other then the assortment of car park out front , not much have change in the last 15 year . Jason lean he bike against a old pay phone out front . int . van der zee service station 172 Jason walk into the front office . it 's empty . he sit down , wait & can see into the busy arage bay from where he sit . dean the mechanic walk into the office , startles Jason . dean can I help you ? jason ( clear throat ) yeah . I would like to talk to Robin Van Der Zee ? dean he 's busy right now . what can I do for you ? jason I just need to talk to he . it 's not about a car . dean alright ... wait here . Dean walk back into the bay . Jason watch he talk to Robin , who be work over the engine of a Ford focus . Robin look at the office . come out , wiping the grease off he hand ? robin do I know you ? Jason shake he head , " no . " jason my name 's Jason . robin ok . jason I be wonder if I could talk to you about luke glanton . Robin have not hear that name in a long time . it register a change on Robin 's face . he try not to betray it . however , Jason see it . pine white script as of 6/14/11 88 . jason ( cont 'd ) I be not a cop . 1 neee N au 's cleati 9 ) jason I be he son . a change come over Robin 's face again . robin no shit ... goddamn . you kinda look like he . jason really ? robin a little bit , I think . Jason be warm by this . robin ( cont 'd ) you drink beer ? Jason nod . robin ( cont 'd ) come on in . Jason follow Robin into the back . robin ( cont 'd ) how old be you anyway ? jason 17 . robin 17 . goddamn . 173 int . back room . later . 173 Robin pull out a box of papers , memorabilia . robin gotta be in here somewhere ... there we go . Robin pull out dusty newspaper from . the stack . above the fold headline read , ' moto bandit kill by sch'dy cop . ' he hand it to Jason . robin ( cont 'd ) there he be . that 's he . that 's luke . 174 pine white script as of 6/14/11 89 . Jason stare in awe at luke's mugshot . it be the first time he have ever see he father . robin ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) he be a grazy son of a bitch . but he have a big heart . next to luke 's picture be avery 's portrait in he police uniform . Robin point to it . robin ( cont 'd ) and there 's the pig who tag he . Jason look up at Robin . angry and confuse . robin ( cont 'd ) shame it go down that way . do not anyone ever tell you about any of this ? Jason shake he head , " no . " look back into the newspaper . robin ( cont ’d ) that 's just bullshit . plain and simple . should not be scared of the truth . gotta confront it , straight on . jason will you tell I about he ? Robin think about it . kill he beer . robin why not ? y'need another beer ? int . robin' service station . luke's old room . afternoon . 174 Robin , spin tale and open the door to reveal the dusty old room where luke use to sleep . robin not much of a room . then again , he do not need much . do not take up much space . I appreciate that about he . I truly do jason be he good at anything ? robin you be dad be good a lot of thing . Riding a bike for one . it be like it be attach to he . appe € part of he body . a age . never see anyone ride = he . unfuckingbelievable . and ite know he way around a engine . oh boy , do he ... 175 176 177 pine white script as of 6/14/11 90 . Jason be beam with pride . jason do you still have he bike ? robin no . in fact I do not . Police probably cut it up , & use it for scrap . Jason go back into the rabbit hole of he mind . robin ( cont 'd ) he use to talk about you . Jason be listen . robin ( cont 'd ) quite a lot , actually . you change he life in many way . just a shame he could not slow down enough to fully appreciate it . but I know , and this be a fact , that he love you . that he truly do . and I know if he could see you now , he would be proud . Jason be cry . not slobbery sobbing cry . but the cry of a kid who be feel more than he 's ever feel . he try to drow it out with a slug of beer . Robin stand in the doorway , watch he . ext . robin' service station . late afternoon . continuous . 175 Robin close up garage door , lock up . he walk Jason to he ike . robin I be glad you come by . do not let that people keep you in the dark anymore . ya hear I ? Jason get on he bike , pop a wheelie , ride away . ext . suburban street - later 176 Jason ride reckless and drunk through the street of schenectady , narrowly miss traffic . int . convenience store - later 177 Jason walk down the brightly light aisle took at the array of food option . the woman behind the counter glance up at he as he shop . Jason turn he body slightly away from the woman 's gaze and load a couple of candy bar in he pocket . he stand up and look at the woman behind the counter before walk out . * ee 178 179 180 pine white script as of 6/14/11 gl . ext . jason be house - later 178 Jason walk through the front door , still a bit tipsy . romina and kofi be watch tv . romina get up to intercept Jason . she sees Jason close the door , somewhat drunkenly , behind im . Jason turn and look at she , take a big bite of he candy bar , keep he eye on she , as he walk past she and up to be room . romina do not say anything . she can tell something in Jason have change . Silent moment of reckoning between they . int . jason's house vanessa 's room - continuous 179 upstair . Jason knock on vanessa 's door . he open it . she 's in there , with she headphone on , listen to music and do homework . vanessa qh my god Mom have be freaking out . Jason produce a ring pop from he pocket , toss it to she . vanessa ( cont 'd ) a ring pop ? what be go on with you Jason ? ; jason eat it up . it be a steal . he leave , close the door behind he . int . high school . stage . later 180 Jason stand in a class . in front of they a kind of quirky , earthy look dance teacher in she mid 30' . dance teacher so to swing dance you only really need 3 thing . 1 - a partner . 2 - endurance cause it 's really like a sport in a way . and 3 a sense of humor . ok ? so let 's get start . I need one brave volunteer please . a beat . no one volunteer . the teacher point to Jason . dance teacher ( cont ’d ) how ' bout you ? what 's you be name ? jason Jason . kid snicker . es + 181 pine white script as of 6/14/11 92 . dance teacher k Jason . so come up here . stand face I and ... hold my hand . Jason do it , despite onlooker . dance teacher ( cont 'd ) this be call open position . and for now follow I Jason . eventually you " 11 be lead but for now follow I . basically you will be my witeor image . dance teacher start to mover she foot and count . 1 and 2 and 1 and 2 and . Jason do he best to follow . he 's surprisingly quick to pick it up . she smile at he . dance teacher ( cont ’d ) ope . we have get a natural here . let 's try with music . she press play on a portable CD player . Music start . a.j. watch . tries to make fun with other but it do not affect Jason at all . Jason playfully try to spin the teacher . get tangle . int . school hallway . - later 181 Jason shut he locker and make he way down to the exit . a.j . yo ! a.j. catch up to Jason . a.j. ( cont 'd ) wow dude . do not know you have it in ya . Jason be over a.j. at this point , and he do not really want to talk to he right now . a.j. ( cont 'd ) that be cool though . she be hot . I see you check out she titty though , that be hilarious . jason ( stop ) what do you want , man ? a.j. ok . so. dude , I be sorry I be kinda a dick to you yesterday and everything . I be just kinda rip shit with you about lose my $ 500 buck , you know . but it 's cool . I be over it . ( more ) + ee 182 pine white script as of 6/14/11 93. a.j. ( cont 'd ) and I hope you be over it , as well . so , what do you think ? we cool ? jason yeah , whatever , man . Jason walk off . a.j. get up along side he . a.j. hey dude . dude . I be have a party at my house tonight - my dad 's house be seriously ridiculous . anyway . I be think you should come over . I know you have the sick connection and everything . and I be think , if yee bring the skittles or something , I could just forget about the money you lose I . jason yeah ? I think we be cool , bro ? a.j . we be , man . you know . we be just make it correct . jason I get shit to do tonight , a.j. Jason keep go . he seem in a hurry . a.j. ( calling out ) what do you have to do ? ( to himself play scrabble with you family ? ext . robin' service station - later 182 Jason walk inside the front office . no one be in there . Jason wait for a couple beat and look around . he venture into the garage . Dean look out from under a car . dean can I help you ? jason be Robin around ? Dean yell loud for Robin . " kide back ! " Jason wait , hand in he pocket , took around the shop , try to get a feel for it . it feel good . robin ( 0.s. ) what be you do back here ? Jason turn , sees : Robin , with cigarette , approach he . not so cordially this time . + HH hhh hhh hhh of + + 183 pine white script as of 6/14/11 94 . jason sorry . just come to say " hi . " Robin usher Jason out of the bay with a whistle and a snap of he finger . robin come on . let 's get out . can not have you back here . regulation . they snake through the office and out into the front of the shop . Robin keep it move the whole time . robin ( cont ’d ) I can not have you just walk in on I like that . it 's not professional . I have a lot of work on my plate , and I be in no position to fall behind . I wish I could spend my day | reminisc and get pali nostalgic with you about you dear old daddy . all misty eye and shit . but I just can not . see you down the road , though . Robin have walk Jason to the edge of he property . robin ( cont 'd ) oops . hang on a beat . he turn and walk to where Jason have park he bike . grab it . walk it back to Jason . robin ( cont 'd ) can not leave without you wheel . gotta outrun the woodchuck . he hold it up for Jason , ensure he get on . Jason do . Robin pat he ass and send he on he way . Jason feel pretty deject . he pedal away . int . cvs - later 183 Jason enter a pharmacy . survey nervously . he know what he want and he scan the aisle until he find the cough medicine section . scan the cough medicine until he find box of little red coricidin pill . look nervously around - put a bunch of box in he sweatshirt . now he 's really nervous but try to play it cool . a clerk stand in front of the door as Jason walk towards it . clerk take the shit outta you pocket . Jason keep go . the guy try to stop he . Jason break free and run out the door . outside Jason grab he bike and try wildly to run with it as he 's jump on . the guy chase after he . Jason pedal like mad . barely get away . 184 185 186 pine white script as of 6/14/11 95 . ext . aja house / avery 's mansion house - night 184 sound of music , bass thumping . Jason ride he bike up to a large , palatial , suburban mcmansion . Cars be park all over . Music spill out of the window . kid be stream in and out of the front door . Jason , cover in sweat , go in . int . aj' house / avery 's mansion - continuous 185 the music be so loud that you cannot have a conversation without scream in someone 's ear ( ala FIRE walk with I ) . Jason make it through the crush of dance body , find a.j. in a crowd of kid . they shout to tal a.j . oh shit ! you make it ! they give hug . Jason be all wet and sweaty . a.j. ( cont 'd ) damn , bro . you stink ! jason what ?! a.j. lean in to shout in Jason 's ear . a.j . you get the skittles ?! Jason produce the box of coricidin from he hoodie pocket . a.j. be beyond psyched . he grab the box and immediately show off the score to friend around he . a.j. start hand out the skittles to party goer . a ador group form quickly around he . Jason look on somewhat deject . he approach the group and wait he turn to receive . he hold out he hand . a.j. pop 6 little red pill in he palm . Jason eat they like candy . someone hand he a beer . he take a long slug . int . aj' house / avery 's mansion - later 186 in time the party | start to slow down . light blur . Music seep deep into he consciousness . he go and sit down on a couch . watch ashley , a girl with a endless mid-riff , dance before he : so beautiful , so sensual . Jason fall into 's the spell of everything . the girl beckon he up off the couch . he get up . she keep | dance so good . he do he swing two step from earlier t day . she giggle at he . he 's cute to she . she move closer . the room be slow down around he and she hip and pierce navel swallow he focus . HH > E 187 pine white script as of 6/14/11 96 . she pull he towards she and they body grind together . a.j. check they out from across the crowded room . * Jared approach & start grind she from behind . her * movement have ghange - she seem to be enjoy the crude grinding of this other guy . Jason can not get she back . it isgust he . his moment be be tear from he . Jason let go and move away . leave he girl in a animal embrace . * drug really set in now , Jason 's unstable . he wind he way through the party , lose he equilibrium . he find a staircase , see a few people up the stair . he move towards they in a moment of pure exploration . int . aj' house / avery 's mansion - continuous 187 the hallway upstair be crowded with dark figure . Jason can not make out anyone 's face , as hard as he squint . he look down at the floor to try and center himself , but the rug be vibrate . Jason steady himself against the " wall . the wall be cover with photo . Jason zeroe in on a photo of a.j. when he be young sit in grandpa Al 's lap . Jason be suck in , he move to the next and the next ; picture of a fracture and empty family . Jason find himself at the end of the hall look at avery 's rookie or photo -_ the same one pair with luke from the oo paper at in 's . the drug be do they thing but the power of the picture be undeniable . Ashley walk up behind . * ashley * boo ! * jason be that a.j 's dad ? Jason do not take he eye off the photo . * ashley * duh ... he 's like the mayor or * something . she produce a pipe . * ashley ( cont 'd ) * do you want to smoke this with I ? * Jason look back at the picture of avery on the wall . he 's * try to piece it together , but the pull of Ashley win out . * jason * ok . * she put the beep in he mouth , bring pp a lighter , light . * he inhale . bble . he hold in he hit * ashley * you name be Jason , right ? * 188 pine white script as of 6/14/11 97 . he nod . let out a cough . ashley ( cont 'd ) hi. I be Ashley . she light up for herself . the world be get more trippy . jason this house be pretty insane . do you live in a insane house ? ashley ( let out a cough ) my house be normal . Jason be get more and more woozy . she lean in and give he a long , deep kiss . ashley ( cont 'd ) you taste good . he kiss she forehead and eyebrow and down to she wait lip . he do not ever want it to stop . ashley ( cont 'd ) not here . not here . she lead he down the hall to a bedroom . he can barely walk . int . aj' house / avery 's mansion - later 188 Jason be asleep on the bed alone . he be under the cover and completely naked . a.j. jostle he repeatedly . a.j. come on , dude . wake up . Jason struggle to come back to full consciousness . ( cont 'd ) come on . Party 's over . get you clothes on , dude . Jason take stock of where he be . the house be very quiet . his clothes be scattered . he reach for he pants . a.j. watch he get dress . Jason turn for some privacy . ( cont 'd ) good party Light ? a.j. see Jason to the door . they shake hand . jason yeah thanks man . a.j. go take a shower dude . + + + + 189 pine white script as of 6/14/11 98 . jason okay . ext . niskayuna street - later 189 Jason , unable to ride competently , walk he bike home . behind he , without he realize it , a police cruiser slowly catch up with he . once it 's nearby , its siren bleat and light flash . Jason barely notice . he slow to a stop , turn to face the blind searchlight . 2 cop climb out . cop good_even , porn man . why do not you lay the bike down on the lawn there . confused , Jason comply slowly . the cop move in . cop ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? jason Jason cankam . cop have you get any id on you , Jason ? jason I do not have a driver 's licence . cop ; where be you head tonight ? jason Home . cop where 's that ? jason 1412 balltown Road . cop where be you come from ? Jason look around , know this be no good . jason a friend 's house . cop what 's the address of you friend ? jason not sure . it 's on , uh , myron ? cop have you be drink this evening ? have you be use any illegal drug ? hhh hhh of * + + hk pine white script as of 6/14/11 99 . jason no . I have a beer . cop if I , search you , be I go to find any illegal drug ? jason no. cop be I gonna find any weapon ? Jason shake he head ' no ' , and intuitively put he hand on the back of he head before anyone ask he . the cop laugh at how Jason jump the gun . cop 2 ( to he partner ) now there 's someone who 's be process before . cop can I search you ? jason yeah . cop come on over here . jason that 's not mine . cop whose be it ? jason I have no idea . the cop also discover a small - blade knife . cop this also not yours ? jason not mine . cop put you hand behind you back . Jason feel trap . he try to run . and the cop take he to the ground , smash he face into the dirt . Jason continue to resist , and the cop twist he arm behind he back to control he . knee in the back , they cuff he , lift he up , and put he in the back of a police cruiser . HH + % > 190 191 192 193 pine white script as of 6/14/11 100 . ext . a.j. 's house . night . 190 the cruiser be park in the drive - way of a.j. 's house . Jason sit in the backseat , he face red and swollen from the gtruggle with police . Light from the house shine on he ace . he watch a.j. , up by he front door , talk to the 2 cop . he can not hear what he 's say , but he sees a.j. point at he in the backseat . Jason be seethe . int . police station - later 191 Jason be book , print , photograph and put in a cell . int . holding cell - later 192 Jason try to clear the linger fogginess in he head . jason aw fuck . aw goddammit ! God damn it ! Jason be alone in the hold cell . it look more like a asylum than a jail . int . law office - later 193 Jason , kofi and romina sit at a conference table with claire mulford , 40' , attorney . claire among the many complication of this case be Jason 's prior conviction . romina the lawyer at that time tell we to plead guilty . claire I be gonna tell you to do the same . jason I do not do it . kofi shut up ! no one want to listen to you right now . you need to shut up and listen to the expert here ! claire this be not about right or wrong . it 's about what 's best for you in the long run . you plead innocent , and take this tria I guarantee you a conviction for a class E elony . es + he hhh + + > hhh HH AK 194 195 pine white script as of 6/14/11 romina can you tell we ... how long ... claire at least a year in jail . probably more . kofi Jesus . the family sit in silent contemplation . ext . court house - late afternoon SUN . romina and Jason stand on the sidewalk in front of house . romina , still shake up , stare at what have she son . she reach up to touch he bruise face . do not react . romina do it hurt baby ? Jason do not look at she . romina ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be okay Jason . still no reaction . romina ( cont 'd ) why will not you talk to I Jason ? Jason turn he head and look at he mother . jason you be a liar . 101 . 194 the court become of Jason they stare at each other . kofi pull up he suv . Jason get in the back seat , shut he door . look at he mom stand , freeze on the sidewalk . int . jason 's room - night Jason watch a news clip on he computer . anchor ( v.o . '' di -.. the senatorial candidate 's son report the robbery , which llegedly take place during a unsupervise party . when ask about whether or not the party involved drink or drug , Cross say he be unsure , but then go on to take responsibility if that be the case . 195 HH of + * ee ee eo 196 197 pine white script as of 6/14/11 102 . avery ( on t.v. ) ( 0.s. ) even if there be no drink at the party , the fact that it be unsupervise be not acceptable . I take responsibility for this . it seem my son make a mistake . but I be he father . and I take responsibility for what he do . on tv : file footage from the luke glanton incident . anchor ( v.o. ) Cross 's career have be define by dramatic event . as a young police officer he be jaunched into the spotlight when , act on a anonymous tip he shot > and kill a want bank robber know as the motobandit . Jason process the information that be come at he . ext . jason 's house . night . 196 he pull he bike , quietly out of the garage , ride away . ext . weed spot . deep night . 197 Jason knock on the door of a two - family house . voice behind door what 's the word ? jason it still peanut ? the door open . benny , 22 , stare at Jason , bruise and soaking wet . the fuck happen to you ? ( he call up behind he ) yo , sef , check this nigga out . ( back to Jason ) Son , you get hit by a bus ? jason I need a gun . benny maybe this be not the time for that killer . I do not need to ask you why you need one but you sure this be a good time ? jason I need some protection . hhh ahh hhh hhh HH * hhh fh fh HH HH fh + 198 199 pine white script as of 6/14/11 103. benny I see that . ok my man . you know ' bout the neighborhood gun ? jason Neighborhood gun ? ext . schenectady cemetary - just before dawn . 198 Jason walk through the grave , come to the edge of the cemetery , where he find 3 large dumpster . he check under all three & find a irregular lump under the last one . he dig at the lump and unearth a metal case . etched crudely onto the front cover be the word ' brandywine Ave burner . Jason open the box , find a pistol . he heft the beat - up pistol in he hand . on the bottom of the box be etched a simple request : ' reload when you do , son ' Jason flip out the cylinder . someone have clearly not follow the request ; the gun be load with only 3 shell . e/ I robin' service station - early morning 199 Jason walk slowly up the driveway to Robin 's service station . his new clothes and mess up face give he the aura of a completely different person . he walk into the front office , look around . it 's empty . Jason notice a long hallway lead to the back of the station . Jason walk down it slowly , come to a half open loor . through the door , Jason see Robin . Robin stare with deep concentration at he computer . Jason stand and stare at he until he suddenly look up , startle by the sight of Jason ... he push himself back in a protective instinct . robin the hell you do back here ? Robin 's still try to recover from the scare . robin ( cont 'd ) what be you do sneaking up like that , boy ? jason I be wonder something . robin be you now ? well wonder you way outside my fuck garage and maybe I will come out and entertain you musing . Jason look around , decide not to move , breathes in courage . + pine white script as of 6/14/11 104 . jason do you know who call in the tip on my dad ? _. robin ( hesitates ) you insinuate something son ? Jason pull out the revolver . he do not point it at Robin , he just show it to he . robin ( cont ’d decide to grow a pair do ya ? you put the old misty eye kid away and jump into the man act ? Jason can not bring himself to point the gun at Robin . Robin sniff he weakness . robin ( cont 'd ) you think you be a fuck man ? Cause you look a lot like a fuck kid to I Jason . Jason raise the gun at Robin , without conviction , bottom lip tremble . jason how come you be still alive ? robin oh , I get it now . this be where you come to settle you old man 's score . well , you get the wrong guy . I stupidly try to help that sorry sonofabitch . if it be not for I he would have be live in the y and give blow job at the bus station for a live . Robin laugh . robin ( cont 'd ) you need someone to blame for make you a bastard , look no further than you father . Jason hold back the urge to cry . he can not stop himself and he embarrassment be obvious . robin ( cont 'd ) chip off the old block , be not ya ?! another gutless wonder . only a glanton would pull a gun on a unarm fuck man who 's mind he own fuck business . put that away before you hurt yourself . chickenshit . Jason lower the gun . he wish he never come in here . Robin stand , approach he . 200 201 202 203 pine white script as of 6/14/11 105 . robin ( cont 'd ) you know , Jason . sometimes people die for a reason . I be look at you , Jason ... and I be realize I be look at that reason . look at yourself . you be the reason you dad die . and I be thinkin' - what a goddamn tragedy . Jason be freeze . robin ( cont ’d ) you want a little piece of advice ? put that gun to good use . stick the barrel in you mouth , pull the trigger . Robin turn he back on Jason . robin ( cont 's D ) because listen - ( fp you be too pussy to do it ... I can certainly arrange a meeting between you and you dad . Jason scared now . he retreat , down the hall . ext . robin' service station - continuous 200 Jason hobble away as fast as he injure body will take he . he look back at Robin who watch through the front window . ext . schenectady high school - later 201 Jason hide outside the school , wait . he see he sister , vanessa , walk into school . her face be innocent and beautiful although she look consume with worry . Jason watch she . int . schenectady hs - bell ring . school be out for the day02 kid file out of they classroom . we find a.j. walk down the hall with some friend . he place he book in he locker . his friend ask he to go with they to hang . a.j. I can not . I get that thing with my dad . they be disappointed . he walk with a spring in he step . ext . niskayuna street - afternoon 203 a.j. walk home through the sun dapple suburban street . + 204 205 206 207 pine white script as of 6/14/11 106 . ext . a.j. be house - afternoon 204 a.j. walk the long driveway to he dad 's house . Key turn in the lock . he go inside . int . aja house - kitchen . 205 aj drink juice out of the container . int . aja house stair / upstair room - continuous 206 ag walk upstairs , go to he closet , pull out a suit and ie . int . aja house / avery shower / bedroom - continuous 207 aj shower in he dad 's shower . he turn off the water . pull on he dress pants , dress shirt . he stand in front of the mirror tie he tie . he catch something in the reflection . turn quickly ! Jason be stand there with the gun point at he face . a.j. scream , scared shitless . Jason , pale , out of a nightmare , close the door with the heel of he shoe . jason get on the floor . on you face . a.j . what be you do ? Jason ! jason on the floor . a.j. take a little step towards the door . jason ( cont 'd ) get on you fucking face ! a.j. startle , break into sob . he lie down on the floor . plead for he life . he be sobbing , " do not ! do not ! " jason ( cont 'd ) you want someone to rob you ? bitch . that what you want , bitch ? a.j. can not stop cry . a.j. I be so sorry Jason . please . please ! Jason walk slowly over to the drawer and grab the hand cuff he see earlier . he come back to a.j. mount he . + pine white script as of 6/14/11 107 . jason put you hand behind you back . a.j. continue to cry as he comply . Jason put the cuff on he . a.j. 's moan be get to Jason . he press the gun to the back of he head . jason ( cont 'd ) stop it . a.j. ( more frantic I do not want to die ! please ! jason stop it ! just fuck stop it ! a.j. be in hysterics . Jason swing the gan sideways and fire a shot into the floor beside a.j. 's hea it tear through the hardwood floor , kick up a cloud of sawdust and smoke . the muzzle flash burn a.j. 's face and deafen he . he go silent he ear ring with deafness . 208 ext. / int avery house , driveway - continuous 208 avery be in he car , slowly drive up the driveway . the garage door be automatically move up . avery , on the phone , step out of he car , stare up at he house — he think he just hear a gunshot . he forget to close the car door behind he . avery ( into phone ) gotta call you back . he pocket the phone , deep concern in he eye . he run under the garage door and open the door to he house . avery ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) a.j.! 209 int . a.j.' parent room . 209 Jason hear avery call for a.j. downstairs . a.j. a ( scream ) dad ! Jason hit a.j. in the head with the butt of he gun and he stop scream 210 int . avery house , stair - continuous 210 he cautiously move up he stair , the old police training come back to he . only now , he 's unarm . 211 pine white script as of 6/14/11 108. he sees - the door to he bedroom OPEN - Jason come out - he 's hold a pistol . both stop . Jason level the gun at avery . the two stare at one another jason be you alone ? avery say nothing , confuse , shocked . jason ( cont 'd ) be you alone !? avery yes . jason you be gonna drive I away from here . now . avery what 's go on ? jason turn around . down the stair . now . avery what 's happen ? jason t you do not start walk , I will jus shoot you in you face . int . avery car - later 211 Jason be crouch down in front of the passenger seat with the pistol point up at avery . jason go to route 7 . avery how do you get in without set off the alarm ? Jason do not respond . avery ( cont 'd ) do someone let you in ? jason you son let I in . avery be my son okay ? Jason do not answer . avery be immediately concerned . 212 pine white script as of 6/14/11 109 . avery ( cont 'd ) if you do not tell I if my son be okay I will pull over right now . I do not t care . jason he 's fine . avery where be he ? jason you son be fine . avery I do not believe you . I hear a shot . jason you should be more worried about yourself . ext . pine barren - evening 212 avery 's car be park away from the side of the road . Jason push avery deep into the wood . avery limp . avery you will be in jail for the rest of you life if you do this . you understand that ? jason what do you think I be go to do ? avery tell I about my son . if he 's hurt let_me please call a ambulance . I will give you the phone . you can call it . that way you do not have to worry about I trick you . jason gimmie you phone . avery gladly comply . Jason wing the device against the nearest pine tree . it shatter into a hundred piece . avery oh Jesus . jason take off you jacket . avery hesitates . jason ( cont 'd ) take off you fuck jacket ! pine white script as of 6/14/11 110 . avery comply . hand he jacket to Jason . Jason dig into the pocket , grab avery 's key and he wallet . pocket they . jason ( cont 'd ) keep go . avery turn , continue to limp into the wood , he hand up . jason ( cont 'd ) I know who you be , but you do not know who I be , do you ? avery i_don't_know ... I be sorry . just please let I know if my son be okay . be a.j. okay ? Jason hit avery in the head with the pistol . he topple over . jason shut up ! I tell you ! I tell you ! he 's fine ! do not you fuck listen ? he 's fine ! avery oh , my son ! my son ! avery wail . Jason try to get a hold of himself and the situation . jason shut up ! stop cry ! Jason put the muzzle of the pistol against avery 's head . you be not cry for he . you be cry for yourself . avery stop wail for moment . he stare at Jason , and with a flush of realization , it all come clear to he . avery I know who you be . I be sorry . I be so sorry ! you shoulda just kill I , not my son . Jason point the pistol at he . avery ( cont ’d I deserve it . I should die . but not my son . not my poor son . avery wail . Jason aim at avery , prepare for the rapport of he pistol . avery ( cont 'd ) you shoulda kill I . Jason lower the pistol to he side . he can not do it . he 's not a killer . ee * + 213 214 215 216 217 pine white script as of 6/14/11 111 . avery ( cont 'd ) my boy . my poor boy . I be so sorry . Jason back away from avery . soon , avery 's wail get more and more faint . avery ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh , my boy . my boy . ext pine - edge of the pine 213 Jason can still barely hear the sound of avery wail . he rifle the money from avery 's wallet . toss the wallet . count as he walk . something catch he eye . he stop . notice the fade picture of he family . * ext . pine barren - continuous 214 avery 's wail become slow and more quiet until they transform into a somber moan . finally , he go silent . his ashen face express grief and bewilderment . he stand and find himself in the wood . he be alone . int . avery car - continuous 215 Jason drive for a long time , further and further away from schenectady . ext . turnpike - continuous 216 avery start the long walk back to schenectady . over this lonely image , we hear ... applause come up . avery ( v.o. ) thank you ... thank you ... ext. / int . avery house - later 217 * avery 's house be oh wale with police car , block off with * crime scene tape . he walk toward he home like a ghost . the * cop let he through , give he wide birth . * applause and cheering . * avery ( v.o . ) * thanks so much . * 218 219 220 pine white script as of 6/14/11 112. int . avery house - continous 218 avery head up stair . people talk to he , but he can not hear it . he head into he bedroom . more applause . sitting on the edge of the bed , wrap in a blanket and absentmindedly hold a bottled water be a daze and exhaust a.j. his head be bandage , but he be alive . avery ( v.o. ) thank you all so very much . avery be stunne . he think he son be dead , it all feel like 's a dream . he run over to a.j. , gather he son in he arm . both of they cry . the applause swell . int . HOTEL ballroom - evening 219 avery stand at a podium . his name in red , white , and blue behind he . the crowd be cheer , endlessly . avery please . thank you . the crowd will not settle down enough to let avery speak . avery ( cont 'd ) thank you . the crowd go crazy . avery ( cont 'd ) I can not tell you how truly humble and honore I be to stand here today as a Senator of the great state of NY . applause . applause . applause . ext . romina's house . driveway . evening . 220 romina 's car be stop in the driveway , door open , engine run . we can hear the news report seeping out of she car radio . avery ( on radio ) freedom ... be never more than one generation away from extinction . we id not pass it on to we child in the bloodstream . ( more ) oe 221 222 223 pine white script as of 6/14/11 113. avery ( on radio ) ( cont 'd ) it must be fight for , protect , and hand on for them_to do the same , or one day we will spend we sunset year tell we child and we child 's child what it be once like in the United States where man be free . romina open the mailbox . sort through letter . find one with no return address . she open it . inside , she find the old , fade picture . she see herself in a happier time . surrounded by love . ext . road - day 221 Jason walk down a long , straight road surround by flat farm land in all direction . it 's winter , and he coat be inadequate for the season . behind he in the distance stand the Rocky Mountains . he turn leave and head down a long driveway which lead to a farm house . ext . seclude house - continuous 222 Jason ring the doorbell . a old man open the door , wait . jason hi ... we email ? I tell you I would be come today ? old man oh , right , of course . wow , you be early . jason there 's only one bus out this way a day . int . seclude house - later 223 Jason sit at the breakfast table , clutching a coffee cup for warmth , with the old man and he wife . old man you be not from around here , huh ? jason how do you know that ? old man I be as observant as the next guy . you just pass through ? jason ( shrug headed out west I suppose . HH hhh pine white script as of 6/14/11 114 . old man a fine destiny for a young man . jason it 's warm there . sunny . old man that 's what _ I have be lead to believe . well , you ready ? it 's down at the barn . we will go take a look , okay ? 224 ext . garage - later 224 Jason and the old man stand over a dirt - bike which be much like luke 's old Fair special . old man run great . gotta a lot of mile on it , but I keep the maintenance up . jason can I take it for a test drive ? old man okay . go on ahead and take ‘er down the driveway . Jason hand the old man a stack of bill . jason here . you can hold onto this . for like collateral . old man that 's okay . jason no , really . it 's a little more than what you be ask . Jason hold out the money until the old man accept it . he then straddle the bike . he start it up with confidence . old man you ever ride one of this before ? Jason can barely hear the old man over the engine . he do a tight donut and gun the engine as he take it down the driveway . he turn leave at the road and ride with the Rockies at he back .