" the ghost and the darkness " by William Goldman fade in on a tiny figure of a man hurry toward camera . the figure get larger as he approach . but as yet we cannot tell who he be or where we be . male voice ( over ) this be the most famous true story of Africa . it happen a hundred year ago , but even now , when child ask about it , you do not tell they at night . ( the figure continue to grow ) it begin with the race to build a railroad across Africa . ( beat ) but this be not about building a railroad - it be about Patterson . and now we can tell that the figure be a young man , a lieutenant colonel . this be patterson . he be gift and bright and serious , serious about he life , serious about he career . he have be successful in everything he 's attempt , in part because of he talent , in part because he be willing to outwork anybody . and this be where we be : england . more specifically , in a high -ceiling corridor of a elegant building - lovely woodwork all around . everything be neat , everything be clean and in order . male voice ( over ) Patterson be thirty . a brilliant engineer . a fine man , but do not become attach to he - there be many fine man in this story but do not become attach to any of they . ( beat ) so many of they die . Patterson stop at a large ornate door , knock . wait . male voice ( over ) and remember this : only the impossible part of what follow really happen ... ( now the door open and we - ) CUT to just a wonderfully handsome man stand in the doorway . this be ROBERT beaumont - 40 , with a irresistable smile . we be in he office and the place reflect the man - clean , cold . there be map and chart on the wall . he usher Patterson inside . beaumont ( the great smile flash ) John Henry Patterson , come in . I be Robert beaumont . ( they shake hand ) firm - I like that , tell I a lot about you - ( beat ) - now why do not you tell I about I ? to get you start , many people find I handsome , with a wonderful smile . I be sure you agree . ( surprise , uncomfortable , Patterson nod ) win personality , heaps of charm ? patterson my wife be the game player in the family , sir . beaumont Games ? ( stare dead at Patterson ) look at I closely , Patterson : I be a monster . my only pleasure be torment people who work for I , such as yourself . ( again the smile - only now it 's chill ) one mistake and I promise you this : I will make you hate I . CUT to patterson , as he realize beaumont be serious . beaumont turn sharply and move to a large map . CUT to the map . it cover a great deal of East Africa with a very clear line that end at Lake Victoria , a distance of some 600 mile . beaumont ( point along the line ) we be building this railroad across Africa for the glorious purpose of save Africa from the african . and , of course , to end slavery . the Germans and french be we competition . we be ahead , and we will stay ahead provide you do what I hire you to do - CUT to a more detailed map . this one end at " tsavo , " 130 mile in . beaumont - build the bridge over the tsavo river . and be finish in four month time . can you do that ? patterson I be sure you have examine my record . so you know I have never yet be late on a bridge . beaumont you have never build in Africa . patterson but I have in India - every country present problem . beaumont you will need you confidence , I promise you . patterson I have get a reason far beyond confidence : my wife be have we firstborn in five month and I promise I would be with she when the baby come . beaumont very move , Patterson ; I be touch you confide in I . ( beat ) but I do not really give a shit about you upcoming litter . I have make you with this assignment - ( the smile ) - do not make I break you . patterson ( smile right back ) you will not have the chance . ( glance at he watch ) any further word of encouragement ? ( silence ) then I have a train to catch . they look at each other a moment in silence - and it 's very clear they do not like each other . Patterson turn , leave and we CUT to a railway station , immediately after a train be load up . a lot of activity , a lot of noise . Patterson stand in the midst of it , anxiously look around . CUT to helena patterson , hurry through the crowd . early 20 , with the kind of serene beauty of Jean simmon . she be still slim , have not begin to show . she spot he , put a smile on , go straight into he arm . helena I try to be late , John - it would have be easier if you would go . patterson ( they be nutty about each other - he nod ) we be not much good at goodby , helena . helena ( brightly ) tell I about beaumont - do he understand how brilliant you be , how lucky he be to have you ? patterson it be embarrassing - the man shower I with compliment . they start to walk hand in hand along the platform toward a quieter place . Patterson be suddenly very serious - helena oh dear - ( beat ) - you be get that downtrodden look again - patterson - well , it 's just ... ( beat ) ... other man do not abandon they wife at such a time - helena ( not unkindly ) - oh please - if I would be against you take this , you would have abandon I . you have be desperate to see Africa you whole life . patterson what if there be complication ? - helena - not " what if " - there will be , there always be . which only mean that we " son " and I - note my confidence - will have a excuse to come visit . the train whistle sound . helena go , now . ( he kiss she hand ) such a gentleman . ( now he hold she ) patterson I be desperate to see Africa - but I hate the leave . CUT to helena . she hate it , too . helena you build bridge , John - ( beat ) - you have get to go where the river be . they hold each other a moment more , then break , then back into each other 's arm a final time , then - CUT to the train , and thick cloud of steam - - Patterson run into the cloud and disappear . hold for a moment . keep holding . Patterson run out of the steam and we pull back to reveal a different train , a different country , a different world . this be the train to tsavo and Patterson be alone on the engine seat - a wooden bench in front of the engine use by railroad inspector and visit vip . behind it be a white circular piece of wood use to keep the engine heat from the passenger . CUT to nigel starling , run as best as he can alongside the train , try to pull himself up onto the engine seat . starling be a terribly appeal young man . clothes do not fit he well , and he be constantly tug at this sleeve or that shirttail , try to get thing right . he wear glass , tend nonetheless to squint at the world . he be , above all , a good man , morally impeccable and very much a product of this victorian time . starling ( as Patterson help he aboard ) many thanks . ( squint ) you be Patterson , yes ? ( Patterson nod ) Nigel starl - I will be assist you at tsavo - but surely beaumont must have tell you that . patterson he just give I he " monster " speech . starling that . I know Robert seem dreadful , but when you truly get to know the man , well , he 's much worse . ( beat ) and I be one of he defender . ( Patterson smile ) forget he for now - it 's you first ride to tsavo - I think you will find it breathtaking . ( and on that word - ) CUT to starling cough like crazy , hand over he face which be cake with dust - he and Patterson stare out at a absolutely dreary desert . patterson ( shouting toward starl ) " breathtake " do not begin to do it justice . ( as starl start to laugh , he mouth open and sand fly in , and he cough fit return and ) CUT to the desert . endless . later in the day . CUT to the two of they , bent over , arm cover they face as the dust get worse - a wind have kick up . CUT to the train , try to make it up a steep grade . still later . Patterson and starl be walk beside the train now , help to push it , trudging through the dust . all the other passenger spread out behind they , also push - the train obviously need all the assistance it can get . CUT to inside a railroad car , early evening . Patterson and starl , filthy , sit together . starl have nodd off . Patterson have a book open in he lap - - we can tell there be drawing of African animal - not all that accurate . now Patterson 's eye close and he sleep . CUT to the train pounding through the night . stoker shovel coal . they be exhaust but they keep at it . CUT to patterson . waking in the car , rubbing he eye . it's dawn . he stare out - - and from he face it 's clear something special have happen . and now , at last - CUT to something special - and what it be , of course , be Patterson 's first view of the Africa of he imagination . because the desert have end , and now there be grasses and tree and one more thing - - burst of animal . on both side of the train . a flock of bird materialize here , a cluster of gazelle do there amazing leap there . Patterson be like a kid in a candy store . CUT to patterson and starling , back outside in the engine seat again . starl point - starling be not they amazing ? CUT to what he's pointing at : some giraffe run along , they absurd shape suddenly graceful as they eat up the ground in incredibly long stride . CUT to patterson and starling , stare out . patterson you know the most amazing thing about they ?- they only sleep five minute a day . ( starl glance at he - clearly , he do not know that ) CUT to a family of hyenas . Close by , lope in they scary way . starling do not much like they . patterson ( nod ) the female be bigger - only animal here like that - have to be or they would not survive because the male eat the young . CUT to starling study Patterson . clearly , he do not know that , either . CUT to some hippos move along . starl turn to Patterson . starling anything special about they ? patterson just that they fart through they mouth . ( beat ) must make kissing something of a gamble . starling ( laugh ) I have live in Africa a year and I do not know what you know . how long have you be here ? patterson ( look at he watch ) almost three hour . ( beat ) but I have be get ready all my life . ( now , from they - ) CUT to a bunch of impoverished - looking native women . they hold child who wave at the pass train . the child be more impoverish look than they mother . starling ( suddenly touch ) every time I see something like that , I know we be right to be here - to bring Christianity into they life , enrich they soul . patterson beaumont say it 's to end slavery . starling ( shrug ) we all have we reason . mine be simply to make they understand happiness , accept salvation , know the serenity that come - ( interrupt himself ) - best I stop . one of the by-product of my belief be that I can become amazingly boring . but I know God smile on I . patterson ( they really like each other ) have you get that in write ? ( starl , amazingly good nature , laugh . and now - ) CUT to a white claw . pull back to reveal hundred of white claw . keep pulling back to reveal they be not claw at all , they be thorns as sharp as claw and they be on a twenty - foot high thorn tree . and there be dozen of that tree , pack together . all mix in with other tree , low and stunt , and thick underbrush and baked red rock - - now the train begin to slow . smoke drift across . a bunch of wildebeest scatter off the track . starling ( over ) welcome to tsavo . ( on the word ) CUT to tsavo . we have arrive at the train station area and what we see be a place that be still be build . there be tin shack ; a water tower be under construction - - man be work everywhere , for that 's what tsavo be : a place for work . the train go slower still . no one stand idly around here . but no one look happy either . one man be apart from the rest : this be SAMUEL . a ageless masai , tall and slender , he have a smile that can light the world . CUT to patterson and starling as they step off the train . starling ( indicate Samuel , who be approach ) Samuel be camp liaison - absolutely indispensable - the only man here everyone trust . patterson ( softly ) do he speak English ? SAMUEL ( not softly enough ) and very poor french . starling ( introduce ) Samuel - John Patterson . SAMUEL ( as they shake ) the bridgebuilder - ( gesture to the work man ) - we have be get ready for you . patterson excellent . could I see the bridge site ? ( Samuel nod ) starling I have get medical supplies to deliver . come along to the hospital when you be do . ( start off ) SAMUEL I will bring he , Nigel . we should realize by now that Samuel 's be the voice we hear at the very beginning of the picture . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL , start to walk . they pass the water tower . stand on top of it in a precarious position be a extremely powerful indian . he wave to Samuel who wave back . this be singh . worker study Patterson as he move by . not smile . up ahead , some sikh be erecting tent . not smile . patterson why do the worker look unhappy ? SAMUEL because they be here . ( beat ) because tsavo be the worst place in the world . ( he point ahead ) come , John - to the bridge . ( and on that - ) CUT to the railroad track as the camera pan along . CUT to the river in the distance as they walk toward it . and here be as good a place as any to explain just what the spot where the movie take place be like . there be five hundred man work for Patterson . and they live in a spread out area . a bunch of indian cooly who might have come from the same town back in they country might choose to live in one cluster of tent . a group of native might be in another cluster . what we have then , as far as live place be concerned , be dozen of cluster of tent . ( eventually , as the terror begin , this area all get surround , each with its own thorn fence . ) the place we will come to know best be , among other , Patterson 's live area , the hospital tent area , the area by the river where the bridge be to be build , etc. , etc . as they move , Samuel point out various camp . a sect of indian be get ready for prayer . another sect of indian be eat . a group of african be clean they tent area . anyway , you get the idea . just remember that the place cover a wide expanse , maybe a mile square , maybe more . okay , back to the story . patterson ( as they pass the indian tent area where prayer be start ) it 's all wonderfully under control , Samuel - you have do a splendid job . SAMUEL thank you . the truth be this : you have to work at it constantly . patterson the worker do not get on ? SAMUEL get on ? they detest each other . obviously the african hate the Indians . but the Indians also hate the other Indians . some of they worship cow , while other eat they . ( as they move on ) CUT to railroad track . pan along to more railroad track . keep panning and suddenly the track just stop in mid-air as we pull back to reveal patterson and SAMUEL stand high above the tsavo River . the track have come to the edge of the area above the riverbank - where it just stop - - and pick up on the far side . all that 's miss , in other word , be the hundred - yard - long bridge that will connect the piece of track . SAMUEL ( to the far side ) railhead be across there . CUT to the distance . nothing can be make out clearly but there be great cloud of dust . SAMUEL Three thousand man lay track - when the bridge be do , it all join up . Patterson nod , say nothing , but go to he haunch , stare at the space where the bridge be to be . SAMUEL do it look like this in you mind ? patterson ( shake he head ) this be more difficult - CUT to patterson . close up . excite . patterson ( eye bright ) - but how wonderful that it 's difficult , it should be difficult - what better job in all the world than build a bridge ? - make thing connect - bring world together - and get it right ! ( now from Patterson - ) CUT to the hospital tent as Patterson and Samuel walk in . Patterson glance around - - it 's not bad at all . of course there be some patient , injure or with fever . but like the rest of the camp we have just see , everything be work well , everything be under control . starl approach . starling finish you tour ? patterson ( nod ) and anxious to get start . ( indicate the hospital ) what be this , mostly malaria ? starling yes - but they suffer be only transitory - once they except God into they heart , he will vanquish all pain . man' voice ( over ) that 's just vomitous talk , Nigel - the poor bastard will relapse if you keep on that way . ( as they turn - ) CUT to doctor david hawthorne . a tough , middle - age cockney . and a heavy drinker . a man who have not be tactful in twenty year . hawthorne ( to Patterson ) I be David hawthorne , this be my hospital . and my advice to you be , " do not get sick in front of it . " ( beat ) that be mean to be charming , sorry . I seem to have lose the knack . starling you never have it . hawthorne Nigel and I do not like each other much . SAMUEL ( break the tension ) I be also liaison between this two . patterson ( to hawthorne ) clearly you do not agree about building the railroad ? hawthorne this sham ? ridiculous . who need it ? it 's only be build to control the ivory trade , make man richer . patterson then why do you stay ? hawthorne who else would hire I ? ( to starl ) beat you to it , do not I ? ( beat ) oh yes , almost forget - bring you a little welcoming gift . ( now he gesture and we - ) CUT to a nervous orderly who approach they . he have be freshly bandage across one shoulder . hawthorne this be Karim , one of my orderly - attack by a man-eater earlier today - first incident of that kind here . Patterson say not a word , just study the wounded man . starling ( incredulous ) a man-eater attack and you be such a buffoon you almost forget to mention it ? hawthorne well , he get away , do not he ? ( to Patterson ) Riding a donkey not far from here when the lion spring on they - donkey take the brunt of it - then suddenly the lion run off . CUT to patterson . listen . no emotion on he face . CUT to hawthorne . he 's kind of enjoy this . bear down . hawthorne I know it 's you first day and of course you must be tired from the journey - ( beat ) - but what be you go to do about it ? patterson ( a long pause , then evenly - ) Karim will have to show I where it happen . and of course , I will need the donkey . ( beat ) with any luck , I will sort it out tonight . ( and he walk out , leave a astonished starl stare after he ) CUT to patterson' tent area starl have a tent there , too , as do Samuel and hawthorne . and there be half a dozen orderlies . right now , Patterson be unpack , move in and out of he tent . starl , sip tea , sit and watch . starling I could not believe it when you say " sort it out . " as if it be the most normal thing in the world . " Ho - hum , what lovely tea , I think I will bag a killer beast this evening , nothing much else go on anyway . " patterson well , he put I in a spot , do not he ? but that 's all right - after all , I be responsible for everything that happen here . and it certainly will not do much for morale if a man-eater 's on the prowl . he go into he tent with some book now and we go with he . there be a photo of helena on a small table . a photo of a elderly couple , clearly he parent . his clothes be stack with precision . he arrange he book precisely too . clearly , John Patterson be a man who believe in order . starling ( call out ) you say " of course " you would need the donkey . why " of course " ? patterson ( take a rifle , move outside ) we know three thing about man-eater . first , they always return to where they have attack before . second , they be always old - they can not catch other animal so they turn to we . and third , they be always alone - they have be cast out by they pride because they can not keep up . CUT to starling , sip he tea and there 's no hide it , he 's excited . but also a bit reluctant . starling I do not suppose I could watch . patterson ( delighted ) might be exciting for you . starling I have never be all that adventurous . I would not be in the way ? patterson I would love the company . and I have hunt all my life . starling ( gather courage ) well , why not ? you seem so calm and experience . ( stand , teacup in hand ) why not , indeed ! ( now from that - ) CUT to a slightly wounded donkey it 's roped loosely to a tree , bell around its neck . when it move , they make a sound . Middle of the night . a night wind . pull back to reveal we be in a clear with thick tree all around . keep pulling back to reveal patterson and starling , seat uncomfortably in a tree on the edge of the clear , twelve foot up in the air . Patterson have he rifle ready . this next be all whisper . starling ( embarrassed ) I hate to be a bother , John , but the cramp 's get worse . ( pull up he trousers - he leg be knotted ) the pain be actually quite unbearable now . patterson shhh . starling I be sure you mean that to be comforting , but - patterson ( interrupt ) - you will have to deal with it , Nigel . starling that be precisely my plan - but back in my tent . ( and he begin to climb down ) CUT to patterson , grab he . patterson they own the night - nobody move when there 's a man-eater out there . starl glumly obey . then - starling John ? I know this be not the time to ask , but - patterson what ? starling since you would only be here three hour when we meet , be you sure this be how you hunt lion ? patterson not to terrify you , Nigel , but it 's worse than you think - I have never even see one . CUT to starling , not pleased with this news . he massage he calf , try to get comfortable , which be impossible . Patterson just stare at the night . CUT to just before dawn the donkey doze . so do starl . Patterson have not so much as move . now the bush behind the donkey shake just a little . and the donkey be suddenly awake and scared - - and then it all go crazy - the donkey scream and a lion appear from the bush and Patterson fire one shot and the sound explode - - and starl topple from the tree to the ground , landing shocked but unhurt - - he have land close to the dead lion - he stare at it . starling ( amaze ) ... one shot ... patterson ( even more amaze ) so that 's what a lion look like . ( now from the tree - ) CUT to the hospital tent area - just after dawn hold for a moment . SAMUEL ( over ) one shot - one - keep holding now Samuel come walk into the shot , really excited - - it 's the first time we have see he wonderful smile . SAMUEL Patterson have make the night safe again . keep holding for just a moment more . as he walk on , behind he come three coolies carry the body of the lion . as dozen of man come run in from all over to see the dead man-eater - SAMUEL ( mime shoot ) boom ! ( now as the crowd continue to grow - ) CUT to a rough engineer' drawing of what will be the bridge it have two embankment on either side of the river . this embankment be big - forty foot wide , fifty foot high . CUT to patterson and starling stand on the high ground where the embankment will start . from here , there be a slope down to the river itself . also present be ungan signh , who we see earlier stand precariously atop the water tower . Singh , enormously powerful , be another assistant . Bright , a great worker , another main character in what be to follow . now Patterson start to walk down the slope towards the river - it 's not that easy to do without fall , but that do not bother he . he talk and gesture as he explain to the other two who move down with he . Singh , for all he massive size , move like a cat . starl do not , slip and slide . patterson ( gesture ) all right , I would like to start the embankment today - ( to Singh ) - sufficient supplies on hand ? singh ( nod ) more than . starling with much more on the way - ( lose balance , fall ) - John - we could have have this chat on flatter ground - patterson - true enough - but without the comedy relief . ( starl , amazingly good nature , smile , get back up ) CUT to the river as they scramble down to it . CUT to the slope they have come down - it 's a long way back to the top . CUT to the three men . it 's a glorious morning . patterson how lucky we be . starling be not we full of ourselves today ? ( beat ) I think it 's because of the lion . patterson possibly . singh ( soft ) you know , I too have kill a lion . starling how many shot do you need ? CUT to singh . almost embarrassed . singh I use my hand . he hold he big hand up , palm out . starl look at Singh to see if he mean it - - he mean it all right . now , from starl 's perpetually surprised face - CUT to surveying equipment pull back to reveal patterson sighting through it - we be on the far side of the river now . Singh be there , starl , too . behind they : a field of tall grass . patterson all right - thee second embankment will go there . ( he gesture toward the river ) starling you do plan to mark it a bit more precisely than just - ( imitate Patterson ) - " there . " patterson ( smile ) in you honor , Nigel . and you and Singh will be in charge of building they - and you will also build the roadbed and the three foundation pillar - and you will be finish in eight thrill week . starling ( very dubious ) John , it will not be easy . patterson Nigel , you will just have to use you hand - ( and he smile , repeat Singh 's gesture , both palm out ) CUT to singh . he smile back , start to reply . but he word stop , he smile die . he just stare and we - CUT to what he's staring at - the surround field of tall grass . nothing unusual about it . CUT to patterson . he stare , too . CUT to the field of tall grass - suddenly it begin to bend and sway in a fresh wind . CUT to patterson . Silent . as before . starl follow he glance . CUT to singh . frozen . CUT to the field . and now the field be make odd pattern - as if something unseen be move through . CUT to patterson . quiet . just the wind . CUT to the field . nothing visible . but the odd pattern seem to be make its way across the field . CUT to singh and starling . quiet . just the wind . CUT to the field . the odd pattern seem to stop . around it , the wind make different shape of the grass . CUT to patterson , as the wind continue to blow . he continue to stare at the spot where the pattern stop . CUT to singh . as before . except for one thing : suddenly , he begin to shiver , as if from cold . CUT to the build sequence and what we see be a lot of cut of a lot of activity . huge wooden log be carry in and hammer to each other and drive deep into the ground - the framework for the embankment . and Singh carry the heaviest load and lead the worker - and as the structure rise , he be the one darting along the top , high in the air , pull more log up , help here , help there . and alongside he be he assistant , abdullah , a little man with glass and very bright eye . meanwhile , starl be lead construction on the embankment that be on the far side of the river . and he do he best , try to help on the top part as it rise - but ala , he be a bit on the clumsy side and balance be a problem for he . but he stay with it , do well . and Patterson , in tremendous spirit , help when need , but mostly he be deal with other aspect of the bridge - such as the placement of the three stone foundation pillar - - he wade into the water , climb the structure , take it all in - and at the start he be still in the uniform he have wear since the start of the story - but it 's clumsy for labor - - so he change halfway through to civilian clothes - - which be all he wear from now on . and the worker tire in the heat - but Singh keep they go , work with the power of three - - and there be accident and explosion , injury and fall - and hawthorne appear when need to help with the wounded - - it 's hard , brutal work - - but gradually , the wooden structure part be finish - two huge skeleton face each other across the tsavo River - and now work on the roadbed be go full blast and in the river , the three foundation pillar be take shape - CUT to ton of red rock - be shove into the wooden skeleton to complete the embankment . as this go on - CUT to patterson and SAMUEL in the river - the foundation pillar work be go very quickly . Patterson stop work , look across the river - - movement in the grassy area on the far side . CUT to several nandi tribesmen as they rise out of the grass , gesture to Samuel who gesture back . the nandi be a tribe of powerful little man , primitive , with tooth that have be sharpen to point . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL watch they . patterson what be they look at ? SAMUEL you - they cannot believe you be still here . patterson nonsense . SAMUEL you do not know what tsavo mean , do you ? ( Patterson do not ) it mean " slaughter " ... CUT to the nandi tribesmen , stare at Patterson , shaking they head . CUT to the two embankment , as more and more red rock be shove and push into shape . CUT to the three foundation pillar - almost finish . CUT to the roadbed . the same . CUT to the near embankment as still more rock be force in and CUT to the far embankment do at last - CUT to - and Singh stand on the top of the near one while across the river , Patterson pull starl to the top of the other . and they all look at each other - the embankment be both finish - the three of they be fly - - and what they do be this : hold they hand out toward each other , in Singh 's gesture . it 's kind of become they password . hold . a big moment for they all ! CUT to singh's tent area he sit around a fire and the man be exhaust . his dinner plate be beside he , untouched . he 's too tired to eat . CUT to patterson' tent area starl be there , get ready for bed . he 's wipe out , too . CUT to singh , go into he tent , lie down , breathe deep . CUT to starling be in he tent , turn out he lamp , half asleep already . CUT to patterson in he tent , close he eye . CUT to singh , deep asleep in he tent - - he share it with a dozen other and they be all deep asleep . they lie on the floor of the tent , head together toward the center pole , foot toward the edge of the tent . hold on singh . it 's very dark . he and he men just lie motionless , breathe deeply . keep holding . now the camera move up , high into the center of the tent , look down at the circle of man . keep holding . they do not move , not even a inch . the steady breathe be the only sound . yes , keep holding . keep holding . nothing be go on down there . nothing at all . keep holding . not a goddamn thing . keep on holding . keep on holding . and now two thing happen at the same time - Singh 's eye go wide - - and he start to slide out of the tent , as if be pull by some giant invisible wire - CUT to singh . close up . scream . CUT to the other men in the tent , waking , stare around and CUT to singh as he slide out of the tent into the night and he scream grow even louder as we CUT to the other men in the tent and it 's like a bomb just go off , they rise , spin , cry out , stare - CUT to the night outside and singh's body slide along the ground . it 's pitch black , and he 's go head first now , face upwards and he 's go ast tremendous speed and whatever the hell it be that 's make this happen be something we can not make out - because it 's so dark and because it 's on the far side of the man , and he body be in we way and CUT to up ahead , some bush and CUT to singh , he body go faster than before and he cry be weaken - -cut to the night and he body and there be no sound at all come from he now and there be no sound from whatever it be that be make this happen - all we see , barely , be the limp body of the big man as it skim along and - CUT to up ahead now , a low clump of bush . CUT to singh's body , come closer and CUT to the bushes and as we get in on they we can tell they be thorn bush and now - CUT to singh , suddenly rise magically in the night , he body fly over the bush and go ! CUT to patterson and starling , early morning , they rifle hold in front of they , racing along , suddenly stop , stare down and CUT to the ground . at first we can not make out much . then we can - a spot of red . CUT to patterson and starling , hurry on again . CUT to thorn tree , and as they force they way through they - CUT to a large vulture , wing spread wide as it float slowly to earth - -hold - - as it land we can see a dozen other vulture be already there , surround something - - but we can not make it out . we be in a area of grass and shadow - - and speck of blood . CUT to patterson , cry out in shock and fury , fire he rifle , race forward . CUT to the vulture screeching and scream , take off , and as we watch they soar into the morning sky - hawthorne's voice ( over ) what the lion must have do , once he would kill Singh , be lick he skin off so he could drink he blood - CUT to the hospital hawthorne be examine Singh 's body , try to be professional , but he 's clearly upset - it 's awful . hawthorne - then he feast on he , start with he foot - starling ( evenb more upset ) - please - you need not be so graphic - hawthorne you intend " sorting this out " tonight ? patterson I will try - but this feel so different - that old lion I kill could never carry off a man Singh 's size . starling ( maybe a little alarmed ) but you say they be always old . patterson that 's what the book say ... ( now from that - ) CUT to flame rising in the darkening sky . now - CUT to abdullah in tear . where be we ? pull back to reveal this be Singh 's funeral pyre . Singh 's body be be burn . a lot of indian be there . we have catch sight of some of they before - they work with Singh on the embankment or live with he in he tent . there be a terrible sense of shock . Patterson stand at the rear . he be terribly move . now , unseen by the other , he hold he hand out in Singh 's gesture one final time . CUT to the flame ; they continue to rise ... CUT to singh's tent night . the flap that be open when Singh be alive be now shut and tie . CUT to patterson , the middle of the night . he be alone , fifteen foot up in a tree near Singh 's tent . he hold he rifle , ready for anything . he can not get comfortable . CUT to the area - nothing , no movement . CUT to singh's tent . as before . CUT to the area . no sign of movement of any kind . Dead . CUT to the moon . lower in the sky . the night be grow to a lose but there be still darkness . CUT to patterson . battle fatigue - but now , for a moment , lose - he eye , against he will , start to close , and as they do - CUT to two huge yellow eye . that 's all we see , just the eye and they be near Patterson 's tree and they be stare up at he and - CUT to patterson , startle , grab he rifle more tightly , stare down and - CUT to the huge yellow eye - only they be go . CUT to patterson , blow on he hand , look toward the sky . CUT to the SUN , rising , the night do . CUT to patterson , wrinkle and weary , frustrated and sore , walk back toward he tent area . now he stop . CUT to abdullah and a large group of worker - only they be not work . they smoke , play card , sit around . CUT to patterson , steaming , go up to Abdullah . patterson you be contract to work - abdullah ( gesture around ) - malaria epidemic ; very sudden . patterson let I see the sick . abdullah ( not back off ) oh , you be a doctor now , too ? patterson there be no reason for fear . abdullah on that I choose to remain dubious . ( beat ) two be dead now in two night . ( and on that news - ) CUT to patterson . rocked . he do not know . behind he now , starl hurry up , Samuel alongside . patterson ( to starl ) second death ? where ? - starling ( gesture ) - far end of camp - man wander alone at night . hawthorne 's examine the body now . ( beat ) there 's even less of he than of Singh . patterson ( just shake he head ) but it 's crazy - the lion should not be that hungry this soon . ( get control - he look to Samuel ) Samuel ? SAMUEL we should construct thorn fence around every tent area . fire burn at night . patterson Fine . get start . and a strict curfew - no one allow out at night . ( to Abdullah ) send half you man to the bridge , the rest with this two . ( Abdullah nod ) and I be sorry for my tone earlier . but I repeat - there be no reason for fear . I will kill the lion and I will build the bridge . abdullah of course you will , you be white , you can do anything ... ( they look at each other . they be not friend . now - ) CUT to the thorn bushes we saw on our arrival to tsavo endless number of they . there be a machete- like sound as we CUT to a bunch of workmen , lead by Samuel , chopping down branch . they do it with care - this be claw - CUT to -starling , in charge of another area , and he 's not hang back , he 's take less care than the other , hack away with he machete , move in between bush and CUT to one of the bushes , snapping back into starl , and starl take the blow with he arm - the claw cut he clothing - -his arm be start to bleed - - he be unmindful , continue to wade into the bush , chopping at they , cut they down . he be a good man do a good thing and right now , he be possess . CUT to patterson , leave he tent area , lose in think , go toward the bridge . up ahead be a grassy area . CUT to the grassy area for a moment , nothing . then there be the same kind of movement we see with Singh . something be make the grass move - - only now there be no wind ... hold . CUT to patterson . do he see it ? we will never know . CUT to starling , in charge of a thorn fence that be halfway finish . his clothes be shred . a worker have finish with a section and satisfied , move on - - but starl be far from finish . he grab the thorns with he bare hand and squeeze they together . starling not good enough - look , it 's get to be tighter . tighter . CUT to the area in which he's be working . fence be well along toward completion . it's late afternoon . pull up we see more fence around more camp area . keep pulling up the entire place be fill with fence now , all the individual area protect . the sky be start to darken - dusk be come fast . fire start up . dozen of they . still darker . now worker come racing home to they camp , anxious for safety before darkness take over . they zig - zag this way , that way , dodging past each other sometimes they slam into each other , fall , get up , run on - CUT to the SUN . falling out of the sky . CUT to the camp . the fire rise higher . no one move ... hold . CUT to starling in the main tent area . he be bathing he bloody hand . Samuel be with he . both be exhaust . Patterson bring they each drink . they nod thanks , drain they . they stand there together , light by the flame of they fire . you get the sense this three will be friend forever . starling what a good week . patterson you mean nobody die ? starling ( shake he head ) we all work together . Worthy deed be accomplish . I like the labor . ( beat ) my mother insisted on piano lesson - break the dear woman 's heart when I turn out to be tone deaf - but she still be always at I about be careful with my hand . ( look at they ) I like the blood , be that strange ? SAMUEL oh yes , I think so . ( starl smile , start to speak ) patterson look out , Samuel , here it come . starling even you two must admit that it be a glorious thing , what man can accomplish . when there be a common splendid goal , there be no limit . think what we will accomplish when we all have God 's warmth in we heart . ( Samuel 's eye have close ; he begin to snore . Patterson can not help laugh ) CUT to starling . as good nature as ever . starling I be immune to you disdain . ( he look at they now ) when I come here , I have but one small goal : to convert the entire continent of Africa . ( shake he head ) now I have decide to move on to something really difficult : I will not rest until both of you be safely in the fold . SAMUEL I have have four wife , good luck . starling the struggle be the glory ... ( hold on the three friend ) CUT to patterson , the next morning , work with Abdullah and some other at the bridge . CUT to starling complete work on the fence from the day before . it 's high and taut and he 's do a terrific job . CUT to tsavo station a bunch of other men be work near a large grassy field . one of the man start a chant . the other pick it up . it 's really pretty . CUT to patterson wading into the river - he stop as the sound of the chant come distantly to he on the wind . CUT to the workmen chanting louder . it 's turn into a stunner of a day - glorious blue sky break up by pale cloud . CUT to starling . pause briefly , listen to the sound of the man . CUT to the men working and singing . as before . CUT to the grassy field . as before - - except it be not . because if you look carefully , something flicked in a 180 degree arc . no tell what it be , it be go too quickly . CUT to the men working , singing on . CUT to patterson waist deep in the river , listen to the sound of the man , of the bird . the sun be higher in the sky . CUT to the grassy field - - and here it come again , only the other way this time , flick back in another 180 degree arc - -still hard to tell for sure what it be but maybe it be this : a tail . now quickly - CUT to patterson wading out of the river as Samuel come into view . he hold a envelope . SAMUEL for you . patterson ( take it ) thank you , Samuel . SAMUEL ( watch as Patterson open it ) good news ? patterson ( glance at the letter ) I expect so - it 's from my wife . SAMUEL do you love she ? patterson I do , actually ; very much . SAMUEL ( he wonderful smile ) you give I hope , John . ( as he walk away - ) CUT to starling , probing at the thorn fence , search out any last weakness . behind he now , in the tall grass , something move . starl , intent on he work , notice nothing . CUT to the singing men , get more and more into it . CUT to patterson , by the river , read the letter . there be a large tree up the riverbank . it cast a large shadow . in the shadow now , something move . Patterson , intent on he read , notice nothing . helena ( over ) darling one - the big excitement yesterday be when some school - child spot a whale - ( pause ) - they be look at I , John - CUT to helena , in they bedroom , move across to the window , stare out . she now have a considerable stomach . helena that be a attempt at humor but I do not feel very funny this day . I miss you terribly and after we son - I still have total confidence - well , after he 's bear I think travel might be broaden . as he kick I at night I be quite sure he 's tell I he definitely want to come to Africa . ( pause ) think you might need remind . CUT to patterson by the river . he smile , fold the letter . now - CUT to the singing workmen at tsavo station - and they sense how good they sound , and they really concentrate on it , on make that sound even better - - there must be twenty of they , work and sing - - and scream ! CUT to patterson , turn he head sharply and CUT to starling , do the same and CUT to the scream workmen and they be run now , run and shriek and that 's all we see , the workmen - - some of they run leave - - some run right - - and now a few of they be start to cry . CUT to a fat coolie run and run , glance back , scream louder , run on and on and CUT to -a shadow in the grass - no tell what - but it 's big and it 's move and CUT to the fat coolie and this next go so fast it could be a dream - or , more accurately , a nightmare - SHOCK CUT to a gigantic white mane lion as it leap onto the fat coolie , bring he to earth , bite he neck in two , kill he , just - like - that . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL , as they race away from the river and CUT to starling , run from the fence area - he hold a rifle in he hand . CUT to anoter part of the camp and a different bunch of workmen - they freeze as the scream reach they and CUT to patterson , on the way to he tent area and CUT to different workmen listen in fear and CUT to patterson , racing to he tent , grab he rifle and cartridge and CUT to starling , run toward the scream and CUT to patterson , as he charge ahead , load he rifle on the fly and CUT to SAMUEL , carry more ammunition , run behind Patterson , keep up and CUT to tsavo station and nothing be visible now - the man be go and from this angle , it look desert and CUT to patterson , catch starl , lead he into the tsavo station area , Samuel just behind they . CUT to a rectangular shed , ahead of they . they move to it , slow - - then they stop - -a sound be hear - from around the corner - the sound continue - Patterson glance at starl - the sound could be this : the crunching of bone . CUT to patterson , check he rifle . CUT to starling , do the same . Samuel , hold the extra ammunition , move close to Patterson . now - CUT to patterson as he suddenly step away from the shed , round the corner and as he do - CUT to the white lion , with the fat coolie - the lion be crunching at he foot - - then the lion stare toward the shed as we CUT to patterson , move out into clearer view , starl and Samuel right with he . the lion be a good distance away . CUT to the white lion , a low growl come from he as he take the coolie 's body by the shoulder , begin back away with it . CUT to patterson , drop to he knee for the shot and CUT to starling , do the same and CUT to the white lion , growl louder and CUT to patterson , take aim and CUT to SAMUEL , cry out and point and suddenly we be into super slow motion - - Samuel have point back toward the roof of the shed and - - and this thing be suddenly there - - this huge dark thing and it seem to suddenly appear from the flat roof of the shed and CUT to the SUN , block out as this dark thing move across it , fully stretch , it seem to go on forever and CUT to patterson , turn around to see and CUT to starling , turn too , and we be come back into regular motion now as we CUT to this enormous black -maned lion diving into the three , send they all sprawling and CUT to the white mane lion roaring and CUT to the black mane lion roaring , run to the other and CUT to the two lions in close up . the ghost and the darkness , for that be how they will be refer to - - and the ghost have blood and bit of flesh on its mouth - - the darkness have eye that be craze - - they be destruction bringer , this two , they can kill the old and the young and the fat and the strong - CUT to patterson , lie in pain , daze , shoulder bleed , try to reach for he rifle and CUT to the ghost and the darkness , the white and the black , as they move toward the field of tall grass , roaring and CUT to SAMUEL , lie in pain , he leg be bleed and CUT to patterson' rifle and CUT to patterson , as he reach it , manage to lift it and the roaring sound be deafen now and CUT to the two gigantic male , back into the tall grass - - they roar one final time - CUT to patterson , gun ready to fire but it 's futile and he know it as we CUT to the tall grass and they be go , the grass be full of move pattern from the wind - that 's all we see - just the grass blow this way , that way - CUT to patterson , staggering to he foot , stare at the grassy field . patterson ( daze ) Jesus , two of they ... CUT to SAMUEL . daze too . he point . Patterson register , turn and CUT to starling , lying dead , he throat rip open . hold briefly on the young man , then - CUT to the station area a train from mombassa be slowly pull in . and thing be fairly chaotic - there be the usual activity of what be ordinarily one of the busier part in camp - - but now , something new have be add : Abdullah be there with several dozen cooly who work under he command . they be wait for the train . Patterson and Samuel be there too - and at the moment , Abdullah and Patterson be in the middle of a screamer - first one of they walk away , then come back , then the other do the same . patterson ( shouting over the noise of the approach train ) - oh , sing a different song , Abdullah - ( gesture toward the man who stand by the train track ) - there 's nothing wrong with you man so stop tell I there be - abdullah ( advance on Patterson now ) - you do not call I a liar - you know nothing of they health - consider yourself fortunate I persuade so many to stay - consider yourself fortunate I have decide to stay - patterson ( lose it ) you think you matter ? ( gesture toward the train which be close to stop now ) - beaumont be on that train - he matter - CUT to patterson , move in on Abdullah now - patterson he see this chaos , he will replace you all . abdullah he will replace you , too - that 's all you really care about . patterson you think so ? fine. ( finish argue ) it 's best you get out . go. tell all you people to go , run home where they will be safe under the cover and when the bridge be build and the railroad be do , they can tell they woman that out of all the thousand who work here , they be the only one to flee - ( and he wheel around , start to walk away as we - ) CUT to abdullah . quiet , stare after Patterson . CUT to SAMUEL . Patterson have win . as the two of they exchange a quick glance - CUT to beaumont stand in the door of a passenger car , handsome as ever . somehow he clothes be still press . Patterson move up . in a splendid mood . Samuel be happy too . patterson pleasant journey ? beaumont ( step off the train ) how could it be ? I hate Africa . now there be the sudden sound of man sing - Patterson look around and we CUT to abdullah and he workmen , move away from the train - they be sing the same song that the workmen sing just before the ghost and the darkness attack - it 's pretty - but it 's also a little unnerve . CUT to beaumont . listen a moment . beaumont Lovely sound - they seem happy . patterson do not they , though ? beaumont so work must be go well ? CUT to patterson . he and Samuel share another glance . patterson ( delicately ) truthfully ? ( beat ) there have be the occasional odd hiccup - but then , as you so wisely tell I , I would never build in Africa . beaumont but overall , you be pleased ? SAMUEL ( move in ) I have never experience anything like it . CUT to beaumont ; almost longingly look back at the train . beaumont I almost feel like get right back on . ( glance at he watch ) CUT to patterson and SAMUEL . they do not breathe . CUT to beaumont . he really want to leave and for a moment it look like he just might . beaumont ( a sigh ) I suppose it would be a dereliction of duty not to at least look around . now Abdullah wander happily by . patterson ( wave ) Morning , friend , glorious day . abdullah as be they all . CUT to beaumont . he take a step inside the passenger car . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL . hope . CUT to beaumont . reluctantly return . he have a large box . beaumont I do need to see starl . patterson ( dully ) starl ? beaumont awhile back he order some bible - ( indicate the box ) - I have bring they . ( look around ) be he here ? patterson ( beat ) yes he be . beaumont well , I need to speak to he . SAMUEL ( helpfully ) let I deliver the bible . CUT to beaumont . his eye flick from one man to the other . it 's over . beaumont excellent show . ( voice low ) where be starl ? CUT to patterson . the jig be up . he gesture - patterson here he come now . ( and on that - ) CUT to half a dozen native carrying starling's coffin . they start to put it on the train and as they do - CUT to beaumont . stun . and furious ! he storm off the train and we - CUT to the bridge as beaumont see it . Patterson and Samuel be with he . Little more work have be do than the last time we see it . a few man be work slowly . and now there be guard with rifle patrol it . CUT to beaumont . a deadly look at they . he storm off . CUT to the hospital as beaumont see it - Patterson , Samuel , and hawthorne stand quietly . it 's much more crowded than the last time . still under control , but barely . beaumont be icy now . he gesture sharply toward hawthrone to join they . CUT to outside the hospital the four men speak low and fast - beaumont what in hell be go on ? SAMUEL the ghost and the darkness have come . beaumont ( snap ) in English . patterson it 's what the native be call the lion - ( beat ) - two lion have be cause trouble - beaumont - what 's the surprise in that , this be Africa ? patterson it have not be that simple so far . beaumont what have they do besides kill starl ? ( beat ) how many have they kill ? ( Patterson nod for hawthorne to answer ) CUT to hawthorne . do he best . hawthorne well , of course , I can not supply a totally accurate answer because there be that that be actually authenticate and there be that that we once think be worker kill each other or desert from camp so any number I give be subject to error - beaumont ( cut through ) how many ? hawthorne thirty , I should think . beaumont ( stunne ) Christ ! ( whirling on Patterson ) what be you do about it ? ( now from there - ) CUT to something very odd : we be look at a small railroad car in a desert area . this be not near the track but off by itself , in a area surround by thorn tree . several worker be erecting a cloth tent to cover it , try to disguise the fact that the small railroad car be , indeed , nothing but a small railroad car . it be difficult work and they be perspire heavily . pull back to reveal patterson and beaumont look at it . beaumont this be suppose to be salvation ? ( stare at Patterson ) what kind of idiocy be we deal with here ? patterson ( keep control ) I be call it my " contraption " - we be go to surround it with a boma - a fence , to you - and we be go to leave a small open opposite that door . CUT to the railroad car . there be , in fact , a open front door . Patterson gesture for beaumont to follow he inside . CUT to inside the car as they enter . it have be divide in half by thick metal bar from floor to ceiling . the bar be close together , only a few inch between they . patterson in that half will be bait - human bait - I will start thing off - ( point to the open doorway ) -a slide door will fit above that and a trip wire will run across the floor . beaumont ( the smile be back ) genius - the beast will enter , trip the wire , the door will slide down , trapping he , you , safe behind the bar , will have he at you mercy and will shoot he . Patterson nod . beaumont explode . beaumont be you run a high fever , man ? how could you expect something as lunatic as this to succeed ? how could you even conceive of it ? patterson I do not conceive of it for the lion - I build one in India when there be trouble with a tiger . beaumont ( incredulous ) and it work ? patterson ( he hate to say this ) in point of fact , it do not . ( hurry on ) but I be convinced the theory be sound . CUT to the two of they . they move outside . the tension between they be considerable . beaumont look at Patterson for too long a moment . patterson what ? beaumont I make a mistake hire you - you be simply not up to the job . ( silence . then - ) CUT to patterson . close up . patterson you genuinely enjoy try to terrify people , do not you ? well , fine - ( lash back ) - except there be not a higher rate engineer and we both know that . and since time be so important to you , how long do you think it would take to find someone else qualified and bring he here ? CUT to beaumont . blaze . beaumont let I explain about time - you have be here three month and already two month behind . and the Germans and the french be gear up . and I do not care about you and I do not care about the thirty dead - I care about my knighthood and if this railroad finish on schedule , I will get my knighthood and I want it . ( glance around as Samuel appear , go to the worker ) professional hunter may be the answer . patterson all they will bring be more chaos and we have plenty of that already - and if they come in , word will get out - and what happen to you knighthood then ? beaumont I be go to try and locate redbeard - I assume you have hear of he . patterson every man who 's ever fire a rifle have hear of he - by the time you find he , the lion will be dead . beaumont ( long pause ) very well , the job 's still yours , I will go . but if I have to return , you be finish . and I will then do everything I can to destroy you reputation . be I not fair ? ( the great smile flash ) told you you would hate I . ( and he turn , walk off ) CUT to SAMUEL . move up to Patterson . Samuel have a bag . patterson ( stare after beaumont ) I do hate he . ( take the bag from Samuel , pull out flare ) I want you to distribute one bag of flare to every tent area - ( take out a flare ) - tell the man to light they if there 's trouble - ( beat ) - make it two bag . ( hold briefly , then - ) CUT to patterson . alone . that night . in he contraption . a lamp burn alongside he . across the bar , the door of the railroad car be open . flicker shadow . above the doorway be a thick wooden slab the size of the door . n the ground , barely visible , the trip wire . CUT to the doorway . outside , something be move . CUT to patterson , rifle ready , hold he breath . CUT to the doorway . silence . nothing move now . CUT to patterson . he rub he eye with he hand ... CUT to flickering shadow on the wall . it 's later that night . CUT to patterson . the man be bleary with fatigue . he sit in a corner of the car , write a letter . patterson' voice ( over ) " dearest ... ... peace and tranquility continue to abound here - the worker report each day with a smile - except for you absence , this whole adventunre be provide I nothing but pleasure ... " CUT to the flickering wall of the railway car . it 's later still . Patterson , finish write , stare out at the night . CUT to a flare , rise brightly toward the sky . CUT to patterson , see the flare . the man be miserable . CUT to a tree branch . many flowers as well as the claw thorns . patterson' voice ( over ) Fire . the branch be destroy , the flower blow away . CUT to patterson and three indian coolies . not far from he contraption . the coolies hold rifle . they look like brother , which they be . they also look tough . and they be that , too . three streetfighters . patterson ( impressed ) very good indeed . middle coolie ( he wear glass ) we have hunt since childhood . patterson all right - you will spend you night inside . ( he indicate the railroad car . the cooly nod ) you will have plenty of ammunition . you be totally protect , you have really nothing to fear . middle coolie that be correct . ( beat ) nothing . Patterson look at the three man . obviously , he could not have choose better . from they - CUT to the bridge . day . a lot of man work under Patterson . progress be slow . CUT to the bridge . night . some man sit on the part that 's be build . spend the night there for protection . now , they all turn and we CUT to another flare go off in another part of camp . CUT to patterson , in a tree alone , in despair . CUT to the three coolies in the railroad car . tough as ever . ready for anything . but nothing be happen . silence . CUT to the bridge again as night fall - more crowded than before . still more men be move into the river . they wade till the water be up to they neck . then they reach out , hold hand , start to sing . CUT to patterson move high into a tree . he listen to the sound . Lovely . CUT to moonlight on the water . the man stand as before , sing softly . the river here be calm , no current to speak of . the man be safe - - or rather they should be . CUT to the darkness swim softly , he great jaw silently encircle the neck of the last man in line , pull he silently away and as the other start to scream - CUT to patterson , watch another flare rise , helplessly listen . CUT to a cattle pen . the cattle be nervous - - one of they kick wildly at the wind . they should be nervous - - the ghost walk among they , choose which one to kill , leap on it , bring it to earth as the dust rise . CUT to another flare in the night . CUT to the hospital . day . packed . hawthorne seem overwhelm . CUT to something . and for a moment we do not know what it be . there be a faint light and now we see what it be we be look at : a wire . hold on the wire . and now a paw walk across it - - and the instant that happen - CUT to the three coolies , the brother , in the contraption , two of they asleep , a flicker lamp the only illumination in the railroad car and CUT to the door of the railroad car slamm loudly down and pull back to reveal the darkness , stand alone in one half of the railroad car - it 's incredible , just incredible but Patterson 's idea actually work and keep pulling back to reveal the entire of the car - the thick bar separate the two halve . in one half , the huge lion . in the other , the three armed , tough cooly . for a moment , it could be a freeze tableau - both side be too startle and surprised to do anything but stare - - and then all hell just explode as we CUT to the darkness , and this incredible roar come from he throat , the kind of roar that can be hear five mile away in the night but this one in the enclose room sound even louder and more terrifying and CUT to the darkness , throw he huge body at the bar and CUT to the bar and both he front claw be slashing through and CUT to the three tough coolies and they retreat against the rear wall of the car . CUT to the darkness , rage building , throw its body at the bar again and CUT to the coolies , press in fear against the far wall , unable to do anything but stare and CUT to the claw , rip at the air and CUT to the darkness , leaping forward , smash into the bar and CUT to the ceiling where the bar be connect and the sheer power of he leap have make they jiggle just the least bit and CUT to the coolies , stare up at the ceiling and CUT to the darkness , and here he come again , roaring and he body hit the bar and CUT to the ceiling - and the bar shake - - but they be not give way . CUT to the tough coolies , as they begin to realize this and CUT to the darkness , claw for they and CUT to the darkness , raging and roaring on he side of the bar and CUT to the first coolie , raise he gun and CUT to the second coolie , he gun raise too and CUT to the third coolie and he 's ready and CUT to all three as they FIRE - - and reload - - and fire again , and reload , and - CUT to the railroad car - and suddenly the lamp be knock over - - and a fire start , flame grow and it 's start to look like hell in there - - only it get worse as we - CUT to the darkness at the bar - - and suddenly it stand up - it seem to fill the car , tower over everything , it 's like a nightmare come to kill you - CUT to the coolies stare up at this giant thing , and of course they be more terrify now than they have ever be in they life - but this be tough man and they ignore the flame , ignore the deafen roar of the beast and CUT to the darkness , stand there , go crazy on he side of the bar , try to knock they down but they be hold and CUT to the tough coolies , reloading and CUT to the darkness , racing around the enclose area now and he 's trap and the flame make he seem like something unalive and he eye have never be so bright , he roar as deafen and CUT to the three coolies , fire again and CUT to the darkness , leaping at the bar again , and they shake , sure they shake , but they keep on hold and CUT to the coolies , fire , reloading , fire , reloading and as they do , something 's start to come clear - -amaze as it may seem , impossible as it may be to conceive , they be miss . CUT to the darkness , whirling on he side , roaring and leaping and CUT to the coolies and sure they fire , but they be still so goddam scared and CUT to the door that slid down - it 's hold in place by some thick wooden bar - - and now the cooly start to hit something - the wooden bar because they begin to splinter and CUT to the darkness , whirling , leaping at the bar and CUT to the coolies fire and then - CUT to the door as it flop open and just like that - CUT to the darkness . out the door and go . hold . CUT to patterson just after dawn in the damaged railroad car . Patterson stand where the darkness be . the three cooly be where they spend the night , on the other side of the bar . this be the lowest point yet for Patterson . not only have he notion come so close to work , he could never fully comprehend how the cooly miss . it never seem possible - but of course , it really happen . patterson not once ?- you do not hit it once ?- middle coolie - I would never make excuse - but a fire break out - the light be bad - he keep move - patterson - well , of course he keep move - but he could not have be more than ten foot away from the three of you - surely you must have wounded the thing - middle coolie I assure you we come close many time - Abdullah be in the doorway near Patterson now - with several dozen man . and from Abdullah 's face , this be clearly go to be a confrontation . middle coolie - the next time we will do better . ( Patterson make no reaction ; move outside ) CUT to abdullah , simmer , move straight to Patterson as soon as he 's out . abdullah the next time will be as this time - the Devil have come to tsavo - patterson ( not in a mood for this ) - that 's ridiculous talk and you can not seriously believe it - abdullah ( move in - tension rise as other crowd behind he ) - now you be tell I my belief ?- I do not think so - CUT to the BUSH just beyond - something be move - a animal ?- impossible to say . patterson I be not and you know it and do not push it - just listen - we have a problem in tsavo - abdullah ( cut in ) - at last you be right - we do - you be the problem in tsavo - patterson - careful , Abdullah - Patterson and Abdullah and suddenly it 's dangerous . abdullah you do not tell I " careful " - you do not tell I anything - you listen while I talk - ( now suddenly a shadow seem to cross - ) CUT to abdullah . close up . his eye widen . pull back to reveal a enormous pistol . press hard against Abdullah 's temple . man' voice ( over ) - change in plan - you listen while I talk - because you have a question that need answer . ( beat ) will I pull the trigger ? pull back further to reveal redbeard . we be look at one of that legend - ageless and powerful , with a tan face and a thick grey beard . he have see everything and be capable of anything . just now he seem more than capable of kill Abdullah . very calmly , he cock the pistol . SAMUEL ( over ) it 's redbeard , Abdullah - he will kill you . redbeard ( not look around ) no hint , Samuel . abdullah ( the name have register ) you do not know all that have happen here - the Devil have come to tsavo . redbeard you be right . the Devil have come . look at I . I be the Devil . CUT to abdullah , stare at redbeard . right now redbeard just could be . abdullah ( louder ) I be a man of peace . redbeard be I to take it you want to live ? abdullah most certainly . absolutely . yes . redbeard excellent decision . ( now he suddenly reach out , shake Abdullah 's hand ) you name be Abdullah ? I be sure we will meet again . go and enjoy the splendid morning . abdullah ( daze - leave ) I think it 's be a pleasure . CUT to redbeard , and now he do another surprising thing : embrace Samuel . redbeard ( three word ) you get old . ( now he release Samuel , turn to Patterson ) I be sure you be John Patterson . ( before Patterson can reply ) stay out of my way . ( and without another word , he 's go ) CUT to the hospital as redbeard move through , take it all in . it 's even worse than when we last see it - body cramme everywhere and always the sound of pain and sickness . Patterson stand in the doorway , watch , wait . patterson ( as redbeard approach ) I do not have a chance to thank you . redbeard ( preoccupy ) what do I do ? patterson get I out of trouble . redbeard ( matter of fact ) nonsense - Samuel would have do something . ( start to move on ) patterson we need to talk . redbeard let I save time - ( 1 ) you be the engineer ; ( 2 ) you be in charge ; ( 3 ) you be sorry I be here . right so far ? ( Patterson nod ) good - because ( 1 ) I be not a engineer , ( 2 ) I do not want to be in charge , and ( 3 ) I be sorrier than you be that I be here - I hate tsavo . so I will help you by kill the lion and leave , and you will help I by do what I tell you so I can leave . see any problem ? patterson actually , no . redbeard all right - let 's go into battle . ( suddenly take Patterson 's hand ) I be redbeard . ( as they shake ) patterson somehow I guess . ( as they move outside - ) CUT to the front of the hospital a bunch of men wait . hwathorne , Samuel , Abdullah , and perhaps a dozen other worker leader . redbeard and Patterson move to they . redbeard start now , we attack they . abdullah how ; we do not know where they be ? redbeard we will have to make they come to we , will not we ? and since there be two of they , we be go to set two plan in motion . ( to hawthorne ) first : we must move the entire hospital by tomorrow night . hawthorne ( appal ) that 's a terrible idea - redbeard ( backtrack ) - be it , I be sorry , but then , of course , you be the doctor , you should know . hawthorne silliest thing I ever hear of - why in the world should we go through all that ? redbeard ( charming now ) I suppose I could answer you . I suppose I could explain that the place be so invite , what with the smell of blood and flesh , that they have to strike . it 's even possible that I tell you I find some fresh paw mark around back which mean they be already contemplate feast here . ( turn on hawthorne now - he voice building ) but I do not want to answer you because when you question I you be really say that I do not have the least idea what I be do , that I be nothing but a incompetent , that I be a fool . ( big ) anyone who find I a fool , please say so now . hawthorne ( the word burst out ) I have be desperate for Patterson to let I move the hospital since the day he arrive . redbeard ( nice smile ) then we agree . ( and on that -) begin the build sequence . it be a huge effort and they get half of it do that day - but there be always the sense of impending bloodsh . what we see first be Patterson and a bunch of shot of a lot of worker - lay out the dimension of the new boma that would surround the place . this be to be by far the biggest wall fence they have in tsavo . and now here come Abdullah lead a crowd of man , wading into a huge patch of thorn tree , cut the thick branch down , start to load they for carry - - and it 's high noon now , and Patterson drench with sweat , lead the start of the actual building - take the thorn branch , bunching they together , force they so there be no room between they - - and we can just begin to get the sense of what the fence will be - except at the moment it 's barely a foot high - - and now redbeard appear , beckon to Patterson , and CUT to a long shot of a flat grassy plain . afternoon now . Patterson , redbeard , and Samuel walk quickly . CUT to SAMUEL turn to redbeard and Patterson . SAMUEL soon. ( redbeard nod ) patterson ( to redbeard ) I have to ask - why do you need I ? redbeard I do not really . but understand something - even though it may take I two or three day to sort this out - ( Patterson have to smile at the phrase ) - when I be go , you will still have to build the bridge . and I do not want the man to have lose respect for you . patterson ( kind of surprised ) that 's very considerate . redbeard I be always considerate - my mother teach I that . CUT to SAMUEL , who just break out laugh . redbeard why do you laugh ?- you do not believe she teach I ? SAMUEL I do not believe you have a mother . ( and as redbeard laugh too - ) CUT to a masai village as they approach . redbeard walk ahead . patterson you like he , do not you ? SAMUEL oh yes . but it take time . patterson you have know he long ? SAMUEL ( he have ) since he beard be red . CUT to inside the village . a aged chief run thing . redbeard , Patterson and Samuel stand near he . women and child be there . some of the child look at redbeard , mime shoot , fall down dead . Samuel translate as necessary . SAMUEL how many cattle ? redbeard four should do it . SAMUEL they will want a lot of money . patterson ( to redbeard ) have you get it ? redbeard no , but you do - ( beat ) - see , you be need after all . ( to Samuel ) and fifty warrior at the camp before dawn . SAMUEL ( Samuel explain . the masai Chief reply . translate ) why so many ? redbeard because I have two plan to kill the lion - one involve the cattle , the other the man . CUT to redbeard and patterson watch as Samuel tell the Chief . CUT to the masai chief . he move toward redbeard and Patterson . as he speak , Samuel translate quietly . there be a sadness in the Chief 's tone . SAMUEL ( translate ) the ghost and the darkness have come ... and we can do nothing ... but if you anger they ... they will stay in tsavo ... and life will become more unberable , that I know ... CUT to patterson , watch as redbeard reply . redbeard ( beat ) two lion be all that have come ... they be only lion , that I know . ( beat ) and I will kill they both tomorrow . ( hold briefly , then - ) CUT to shadow and firelight . it's night now . we be not sure for a moment where we be but we can hear metallic sound . now we hear voice . redbeard voice ( over ) I will need you by I in the morning . SAMUEL voice ( over ) whatever you wish . CUT to where we be - it's patterson' tent area . Patterson , redbeard , hawthorne , and Samuel sit around a fire . they be clean they gun , get ready . a word about there weapon . Patterson 's be a good rifle and he clean it expertly . redbeard 's surprisingly , be the oldest . and the way he hand move as he assemble it , he might be bathing a child . hawthorne be the least skilled of the three . but he rifle be clearly the finest . bigger than the other , with great kill power . there be a tremendous tension - Patterson , hawthorne , and Samuel show it . redbeard be as before . hawthorne ( terribly tense ) you be certain about tomorrow ? ( redbeard be ) but you do not seem excited . ( redbeard be not ) patterson you do not enjoy kill , do you ? ( redbeard do not ) hawthorne then why do it ? CUT to redbeard . close up . he stare at the fire . then - redbeard I have a gift . CUT to the campfire . silence for a moment except for the sound of the weapon be reassemble . redbeard 's hand fly . his rifle be back together . he stand , nod , go . CUT to hawthorne , watch he . hawthorne strange man . ( to Samuel ) have he always be this way ? SAMUEL much gentler now . hawthorne ( shake he head on that ) John ? - ( he hold out he beautiful rifle ) Change gun with I - mine 's much more powerful . I will be finish the hospital tomorrow so I will not be with you - but if you will use this ... ( beat ) ... then I will . Patterson , touch , change weapon . patterson thank you . ( he turn to Samuel ) why do he need you by he ? SAMUEL he do not . he need nobody . but we have hunt many time ... ( beat ) ...he know I be afraid of lion ... hold on the firelight until we sharply - CUT to the bridge . before dawn . misty - hard to see much . then ghost appear - keep holding - they be not ghost , they be masai warrior emerge from the mist . they be powerful and paint and they carry noisemake equipment - tin can and tom tom and as more and more of they materialize - CUT to a huge thicket . redbeard , Patterson , and Samuel wait as the Warrior approach . redbeard ( whisper ) I spot one of they - ( gesture toward the thicket ) - in there . CUT to the thicket again - alive with thorn tree . Dark , fill with long dark shadow . CUT to redbeard and patterson and SAMUEL . a lot of tension . redbeard the best way to ensure the kill when you be use tracker be for one to shoot while the other use the tracker to force the lion toward the shooter . have you ever lead tracker ? patterson ( he have not ) I can try . redbeard ( no good ) Samuel say you kill a lion . patterson it be probably luck - I would rather you do the shoot . redbeard you would never force the lion to I - and nobody ever get a lion with one shot by luck . ( point - hand out straight ) around there 's a clear - you will know it from the anthill - get there and hide and listen to the sound - I will make the lion come directly to you . ( he gesture for Patterson to take off and as he do - ) CUT to the warrior as redbeard go to they - redbeard ( as Samuel translate ) - all of you - spread the width of the clear - no gap - go - ( clap he hand once ) CUT to the warrior , spread apart . CUT to the SUN . start to appear more strongly on the horizon . CUT to patterson , run like hell . CUT to the warrior , move quickly , silently . CUT to a thick cluster 0f thorn tree . CUT to patterson , ducking he head , blast through . CUT to the warrior , start to cover the entire width of the thicket . CUT to patterson , quickstepping over rocky terrain . CUT to SAMUEL stay close to redbeard . the fear be there . CUT to redbeard , study the position of the Warrior , who be almost ready . CUT to patterson , circle now , racing toward a clear , pick up speed . CUT to the warrior , spread out . they look to redbeard . CUT to redbeard . not yet . CUT to patterson , racing into the clear , glance around - lot of anthill . CUT to a anthill , eight foot high . it cast a long shadow . CUT to patterson . holding hawthorne 's marvelous rifle , he slip silently into the shadow . hold on patterson - it 's almost as if he be not there . CUT sharply to redbeard . close up . suddenly scream and CUT to SAMUEL , scream too and CUT to the whole line of warrior , suddenly move forward , all of they shouting and scream and pound on they drum and it be loud . CUT to patterson in the shadow . the noise be faint - but he can hear it . CUT to a dozen drummer , move forward , bang away . CUT to a dozen more drummer , even louder . CUT to redbeard , move forward , he eye flick ahead - CUT to the thicket ahead . nothing . no movement . no lion . CUT to patterson . just the least bit louder now . CUT to the whole line of warrior , scream and pound and CUT to SAMUEL - the fear worse , dogging redbeard 's step . CUT to redbeard . his eye flick ahead . CUT to the thicket ahead . nothing . no movement . no lion . CUT to patterson . it 's a lot louder now . he 's totally still . and he 's ready . CUT to the densest part of the thicket we have see yet . CUT to the warrior , slashing they way through , drum and shouting and CUT to redbeard , at they head , eye , as always , flick . CUT to the thicket ahead . nothing . no movement . no lion . CUT to redbeard - start to suddenly get louder and point - - because something be there - CUT back to the thicket ahead , and we do not see it before , only redbeard see it before - - but now something begin to move and CUT to redbeard and the warrior and it 's all go crazy now , and they be start to move faster and CUT to patterson in the shadow . the noise have kick up and all the time it 's come closer and CUT to redbeard and the warrior and the movement up ahead be more distinct and the Warrior be almost in a frenzy as we CUT to a flash of the ghost in the thicket - eye bright - it start to move away from the sound - - and toward where Patterson be wait . CUT to redbeard . faster , scream louder and CUT to SAMUEL and the fear start to leave and he scream louder too and CUT to patterson - he finger the weapon . CUT to the ghost , angrily retreate faster from the sound - and now instead of go straight back it begin to veer leave and CUT to redbeard , immediately spot the shift , gesturingto the Warrior to get leave and CUT to the warrior , shifting over as redbeard direct , block the ghost 's intend path and CUT to the ghost , shifting , try to go the other way this time and CUT to redbeard ; he spot that too , gesture for the Warrior to shift the other way and CUT to the warrior , racing to thier new position , block the animal 's path again and CUT to the ghost , rattle , upset , and now it start retreate back in the original direction - toward Patterson and CUT to redbeard and the whole long line of men , and it 's as if mass hysteria have grip they , because they sound keep building and sure , they throat must ache and yes , they arm must tire , but you could not tell that from what they be do - CUT to patterson . wait by the anthill . wait . then , at last - CUT to the ghost , back into view , stare back at the sound , unaware of Patterson 's existence behind he . CUT to patterson . noiselessly he step away from the anthill into the sunlight . he raise hawthorne 's gun . CUT to the ghost , back toward Patterson . CUT to patterson , sighting along the glisten barrel . CUT to the ghost , start to turn . CUT to patterson , ready to fire . CUT to the ghost in close up , caught in the crosshair of the rifle . and now its lip go back as it see Patterson . CUT to patterson , close up , and this be it , this be the moment and as he squeeze the trigger - CUT to patterson and the ghost , and a totally unexpected sound - a dull snap - hawthorne 's rifle have misfire . CUT to the ghost , unharme and CUT to patterson desperately workingthe rifle , try to make it function and CUT to the ghost . it stare at Patterson . CUT to patterson , and the goddamn gun will not work and he 's a dead man and CUT to patterson and the ghost - - and for a moment , they might be freeze in some horrible tableau - - then the ghost roar - CUT to redbeard as he hear it , break into a wild run - redbeard shoot for chrissake !- CUT to patterson stand he ground as now the ghost take a step toward he . CUT to redbeard , fire , reloading on the move , and up ahead be the clear and as he reach it - CUT to the ghost . its great head turn in the direction of redbeard and CUT to redbeard 's position - anthill block he from get a clear shot at the animal - he curse , race for a better position and CUT to the ghost . one final stare at Patterson - - then it make a effortless leap intothe thicket - - and it 's safe and free and go . CUT to patterson . close up . rocked . the low point of he life . CUT to SAMUEL , catch up to redbeard . SAMUEL do you ever see a lion that size ? redbeard not even close . ( now he move to Patterson ) what happen ? patterson ( a whisper ) ... misfire ... it jamme ... redbeard have it ever do that before ? patterson ... do not know ... SAMUEL it 's hawthorne 's . CUT to redbeard . try for control . redbeard you exchange weapon ? ( Patterson nod ) you go into battle with a untried gun ? ( Patterson nod ) CUT to redbeard . close up . for a moment it 's impossible to tell what he 's go to do . it seem that a homeric burst of fury be about to happen . CUT to patterson . drain , he epect it . it 's very quiet . CUT to reedbeard , study the young man . and when he finally speak , he voice be surprisingly quiet . redbeard they have a expression in prizefighting : " everyone have a plan until they be hit . " ( beat ) you have just be hit ... ( beat ) ... the get up be up to you ... ( and he turn , move off and ) CUT to the new hospital . nearly finish . the fence be eight foot high and hawthorne be supervise man and material that be be transfer . CUT to redbeard , check security in the New Hospital which be close to the center of camp . ( the Old Hospital be situate on the outskirt , because they want to keep the worker away from the sick and the wounded . ) late afternoon , now . Patterson , Samuel and hawthorne be move with he . as be two experienced orderlies , both armed with powerful rifle . Patterson be silent here , the effect of the misfire still evident on he face . redbeard ( to the orderly ) gentlemen , there 's no sickness smell at all here , and little blood . when we leave , close the gate securely , do not open it till morning and keep you fire high . any question , ask they now . ( they understand - now to Samuel and hawthorne ) you two will sleep beautifully in you tent . ( beat ) and stay there . SAMUEL and where will you sleep beautifully ? redbeard ( smile ) Patterson and I will be in the old hospital - where the entice smell of sickness still linger - ( beat ) - and by the time we be do , I promise you , the odor of blood will be irresistible . ( and on that - ) CUT to the old hospital . starting to get dark . redbeard and Patterson have bucket which they empty around the inside perimeter - - bucket of blood . CUT to patterson and redbeard . darker . they empty still more full bucket of blood . redbeard seem pleased . CUT to SAMUEL and hawthorne , hurry toward they camp . CUT to patterson and redbeard , lead masai cattle into the grounds of the Old Hospital . CUT to the orderlies in the new hospital , firmly close and lock the gate . CUT to patterson and redbeard , just outside the fence of the Old Hospital - they carry many large chunks of raw meat , drop they as they move . CUT to the SUN . dying ... die ... CUT to patterson and redbeard . they slip inside the desert Old Hospital , pull the gate securely shut . CUT to the cattle . they stand in the center of the Old Hospital , call to each other . CUT to the new hospital . full. clean . the man be exhaust . most be already asleep . the orderly sit by a fire , alert for anything . CUT to the old hospital . Patterson and redbeard stand across from they fire , wait . the cow be quiet . CUT to hawthorne by he fire near he tent with Samuel . nervously , they drink tea . CUT to the moon . Higher . a hour have pass . perhaps more . CUT to redbeard . walk the fence perimeter . CUT to patterson . the cow be edgy . he calm the cow . CUT to outside the old hospital . the large chunks of meat be visible in the moonlight . CUT to the new hospital . the orderly be calm . CUT to redbeard , still walk the perimeter . CUT to patterson sit by the fire , stare at the night . redbeard move to he , speak in a whisper . redbeard think about something else . patterson have you ever fail ? redbeard ( sad smile ) only in life ... ( he walk away . Patterson watch . ) CUT to the new hospital . the orderly tend the sick . quietly . CUT to the night and the moon . Lovely . CUT to redbeard . stalk the perimeter . no sound . the night be deadly quiet . CUT to patterson . he stalk the perimeter now too , on the far side from redbeard - and suddenly a different and frightening sound - the rip of flesh - camera move up now we can see both Patterson inside and also outside where , in shadow , the ghost and the darkness be devour a hunk of meat . redbeard move quickly across the perimeter , gesture for Patterson to switch position with he . as he reach where Patterson be , the eat sound stop . silence again . Patterson reach the far side of the fence . now the eat sound come again , and again , both lions be outside , directly across from Patterson . CUT to redbeard look across the perimeter at Patterson . whatever 's go on , it 's sure as hell odd . CUT to the cattle - they be very upset suddenly - one of they kick out violently against the night - the same gesture the cattle do just before the ghost walk through they pen and kill one - - now a different sound be hear : scratch - CUT to patterson and redbeard tracking the sound - - the main gate be start to be push in . Inside the gate the ground be cover with blood stain from where they emptied they bucket . CUT to the gate . more pressure against it - it could give way any moment . CUT to redbeard and patterson and from the look on redbeard 's face , this be it ! Patterson see this , ready he rifle and we - CUT to the cattle , go nut and then - CUT to the gate . all pressure go . CUT to patterson and redbeard . Patterson be furious . patterson goddammit ! redbeard it 's all right . stay ready . ( indicate the blood ) they know it 's there . Patterson take a few step away , stare at the moon . CUT to redbeard ; he study Patterson who so clearly crave redemption . redbeard ( go to he ) meant to ask you - the railroad car trap . you idea ? ( Patterson nod ) excellent notion - I use the same device myself once . patterson but of course yours work . redbeard in point of fact it do not - but I be convinced the idea be sound . he go back to walk the perimeter . Patterson watch he - and for the first time since the misfire , Patterson 's mood begin to lift . CUT to the new hospital and a orderly , blood pour from he throat as he lie by the fire and CUT to the second orderly round a corner , see the violence ; before he can scream - CUT to the ghost and the darkness suddenly beside he , and they giant paw slap out so fast we can not follow and CUT to the second orderly , drop to the ground , and now we be start to spin into madness and this next cut go like lightning . CUT to a tent full of sick men with malaria and CUT to a paw flash and CUT to the darkness , lip pull back and CUT to a sick man , fall from he bed , blood pour from he slashed face and CUT to two more sick men , try to rise and CUT to the ghost , leaping on they and CUT to the darkness , eye narrow and brilliant and CUT to a sick coolie , and he 's terrify and he try to scream - - the sound barely escape he , but even so , it 's the first cry we have hear and CUT to the entire camp , night , with all the fire burning - and patterson' tent area be close by - - but the New Hospital be on the other end , a good distance away . CUT to patterson and redbeard , rifle ready - but no sound reach they . CUT to hawthorne , out of he tent , because he 's close by and he hear it and he light a torch , start for the gate of the camp as Samuel do he best to stop he - - but hawthorne rip free and we CUT to a second tent , as it start to collapse and CUT to the medicine tent , as the ghost and the darkness enter and CUT to medicine , fly across the tent and CUT to glass , shatter and more medicine be destroy and CUT to a blizzard of cut , of lion ' claw and lion ' tooth and that terrible bright blaze eye and CUT to a tent pole , be pull out of the ground and CUT to the ghost and the darkness and what they be do be this : destroy the New Hospital and CUT to more tent collapse and CUT to the ghost and the darkness . close up . eye craze . CUT to hawthorne alone in the night , scared shitless as he run . CUT to shadow , move , as hawthorne 's torch light the surroundings and CUT to hawthorne , heart pound , look around and then he gasp as we CUT to the area nearby - two large eye be stare at he . CUT to hawthorne , panicked , stumbling , fall , get up , stare around - CUT to the area around he - the ey be go - - and now there be loud shriek in the night come from the New Hospital and the instant they be hear CUT to redbeard and patterson , grab torch , throw the gate open and they be off as we CUT to hawthorne , run toward the New Hospital just up ahead now . CUT to patterson and redbeard , tear through the night . CUT to the new hospital . ( we see all this next through hawthorne 's eye . ) the tent be all down . the place be devastate . CUT to inside the first tent . fill with the dead and the die . CUT to hawthorne . ashen . move on . CUT to pan along the tent dead. blood . pain . pan to the second tent more dead . more die . it 's a slaughterhouse . CUT to hawthorne . he 's crush . his body sag . he take a breath , he last . the ghost and the darkness be on he , roaring . CUT to patterson and redbeard as the roar reverberate - they glance at each other - - then they slow . because the New Hospital have come into view . CUT to redbeard , close up , stare at the disaster . and this terrible cross he face . for a moment , you think he 's go to fall . his body seem drain of all its power . he stand there . just stand there . unable to move . CUT to patterson . and he do move . slowly . carefully . into the chaos . he stare around - the dead and the die be everywhere . hawthorne , he face claw almost unrecognizably , lie alone . all that 's leave now be this : the sound of pain . hold . Dust rise . it cover everything . only the sound remain . now different sound take over - - a incredible babble of human voice . and a railroad train . Patterson walk through the dust . Samuel , a worried look on he face , be a few step behind . we be at the station area and it be jamme . a train have pull into the station - - only you almost can not tell it 's a train : all you can see be worker climb up , and the inside be full so the worker clamber up onto the roof of the car - - cover the car - - everyone be leave - - Patterson can only watch . Abdullah stand on one of the car - - the train begin to pull out of the station . more and more worker chase after it , get pull on . now the station area be empty , the flat car roof full . Patterson still watch , eye vacant . Abdullah see he , look away . the train gather speed . round a corner ... ...gone ... Patterson turn from the scene , begin to walk . Samuel stay close behind he , the worried look still there . CUT to the old hospital . a few african orderlies do the best they can . Patterson watch only a moment , walk on . Samuel still behind he . CUT to the camp as Patterson walk through . a ghost town now . only african remain . CUT to the contraption where the cooly miss the darkness . Patterson look at it a moment , walk on . CUT to the anthill in the clearing where Patterson misfire . Patterson look at it a moment , walk on . and now , at last - CUT to patterson' tent area . one or two african . Samuel dart into he tent , emerge with something , hold it out to Patterson . it's a necklace of lion claw . Patterson make a almost courtly bow of thanks , put it on - he never take it off again . he walk on alone now until at last - CUT to the bridge . it stop abruptly , halfway do ; the foundation be in place , a lot of the scaffold , but it 's useless . late afternoon . desolate . redbeard sit alone , high on one of the foundation . he look as he do the night before . Patterson walk to the top of the near embankment . he be unshaven , wrinkle , he finger the lion claw necklace . for a moment , neither say a word . then - redbeard ( out of the blue ) it would have be a beautiful bridge , John . I never notice before , occupy with other business , I suppose ... ( he 's rambling ) ... never really pay much attention to that kind of thing but I have have the time today , nothing else on , and this ... it 's graceful and the placement could not be prettier ... and ... ( he go silent now , stare off ) patterson you just get hit . ( redbeard nod ) the get up be up to you - but they be only lion - ( beat ) - and I be go after they crack of dawn ... ( and on that - ) CUT to a long shot of a high rocky cliff - - we have not see anything like it before - it 's hundred of foot tall - gorgeous early morning light . as we watch , we realize there be two dot on the side of the cliff . as we watch a moment more , we realize the dot be move . camera move closer . the dot be Patterson and redbeard , work they way along the rock face . Patterson be much more nimble . it 's dangerous , of course , but neither of they seem to have that uppermost in mind . they travel lightly - small knapsack and they weapon . CUT to the two of they as they make it over the cliff face . they stand , stare out . CUT to what they see : the world . they move on . CUT to a ravine . they be move along the edge . it 's tricky go - if you fall you would not much like it . they be both concentrate on they movement , pay no attention to each other as redbeard start to speak . they do not stop move . redbeard in my town , when I be little , there be a brute , a bully who terrorize the place . ( beat ) but he be not the problem . he have a brother who be worse than he . but the brother be not the problem . ( beat ) one or the other of they be usually in jail . the problem come when they be both free togther . the two become different from either alone . ( beat ) alone they be only brute . together they become lethal , together they kill . patterson what happen to they ? redbeard ( pause ) I get big . ( they move on ) CUT to patterson and redbeard work they way up a steep ravine . it 's hard go . they help each other . CUT to patterson and redbeard , move along the edge of the ravine now . slow. Silent . redbeard stop , point - CUT to a tangle in the bushes and thorns with one odd thing about it : there be a clearly define archway , as if a buffalo or rhino use it as a regular passage . CUT to the two of they at the archway . they look at each other , without a word move through it . CUT to the other side . a small clear . and at the end of the clear : a cave . CUT to the cave mouth . Dark . CUT to redbeard and patterson . they each check they gun , move toward it . CUT to the cave mouth . closer . suddenly it 's get eerie . CUT to redbeard , move slowly , Patterson right with he . CUT to the cave mouth . they be by it - redbeard squint inside . CUT to what he sees : it 's dark and dangerous and there be a long low tunnel you have to half - crawl through . without a word , they start inside . CUT to redbeard and patterson , crouch low , move through the tunnel . ahead there be light . they move on . CUT to the end of the tunnel - they can see the cave beyond . CUT to redbeard and patterson . they glance down . nothing much there - just a copper bracelet , the kind a native might wear . now they move past it and as the tunnel end , they stand up . CUT to inside the cave - it's big . CUT to patterson and redbeard , move deeper into the cave . it 's scary - dark with shaft of light come from crack in the rock . it 's dank . it all feel as at any moment , the world could end . CUT to redbeard . close up . thunderstruck - redbeard dear God - ( and on that word - ) CUT to the floor of the cave . more copper bracelet . and still more - - and now bone - - the floor of the place be litter with human bone - -eyeless skull peer up at they from all around . pull back to reveal the rest of the cave . we be look at a carpet of bone . patterson they de ? ( redbeard nod ) have you ever see anything like this ? redbeard nobody 's see anything like this . lion do not have cave like this - ( beat ) - they be do it for pleasure . CUT to several tunnel , dark and ominous , lead from the cave - - and now there be a sound from one of the tunnel - -someth be come close and come fast and CUT to redbeard and patterson as redbeard fire into the tunnel and the sound explode - CUT to the tunnel - - shriek - CUT to redbeard and patterson . what the hell be it ? CUT to the tunnel - and here they come , screeching and angry - -bat - -swarm of they - hundred of they - CUT to patterson and redbeard , diving to the ground , lie there amidst the bangle and the bone and the skull - CUT to the bat . circle above they . screech louder . CUT to patterson and redbeard , lie very still , eyeless skull all around , stare . CUT to the bat . for a moment , it seem as if they might attack . CUT to pattrson and redbeard . wait , wait . then - CUT to the bat back into the tunnel and CUT to patterson and redbeard , scramble to they foot . redbeard one of my chief attribute be that I be always calm . and then without warning , from behind they , a roar - CUT to patterson and redbeard spin around , start back toward the entrance of the cave - CUT to the low entrance tunnel as they scramble half - crawl through it . CUT to outside as they make it , stand straight , look around - CUT to thick BUSH beyond - another roar and sudden movement and CUT to patterson and redbeard , enter the thick bush - but carefully , because they be vulnerable now and a attack could come from anywhere - there be the sound of water - -slashes of light hit they eye , make it hard to see - and they be totally vulnerable now but it do not stop they - the water sound get stronger - and as they burst clear - CUT to a amazing place - a area of flat rock split up ahead by a wide fast -running waterfall . CUT to patterson and redbeard . they look around . nothing be there . but the spot be wide open , expose . patterson ( the word pour out ) where could it have go ? how could it get across the water ? ( look at redbeard ) they be only lion , yes ? redbeard ( shake he head ; he do not know ) do not they have to be ?... they look around a moment more . nothing to see - - they turn , leave , re-enter the thick bush . and now - CUT to the darkness - who know where it be but it 's there - -watch Patterson . hold briefly on the darkness , then - CUT to patterson' tent area . just before dawn - - outside the fence a dreadful sound - the crunching of bone . Patterson , redbeard , and Samuel emerge from tent , listen . Patterson be on one side of the area , redbeard and Samuel on the other . SAMUEL ( point ) both of they over there . he be point to Patterson 's area . Patterson go to redbeard . patterson ever have to use a machan ? ( redbeard have not ) I do once . in India . we will tonight . ( now from that - ) CUT to a clearing . later in the day . Patterson lead the few remain man in construct a odd look structure : four slender pole lash together , slant inward with a plank tie on top , a dozen foot up in the air . redbeard and Samuel approach . patterson they be use to people in tree , not in a clear . ( indicate the plank ) it may be tight . redbeard not for I - I be too bulky and it 's you idea , you go up there . ( to Samuel ) take the other to the water tower for the night . patterson I will be bait alone ? redbeard yes . and I will be in some distant tree where I can provide no assistance whatsoever . ( beat ) can you control you fear ? patterson I will have to . redbeard I can not control mine - I would be lose without the shame factor drive I . patterson be that suppose to make I feel better ? ( redbeard do not reply . now - ) CUT to a donkey be LED in . later . the men start to tie it down , across the clear from the machan . Patterson take a long look at the machan . he test the support pole - they be rickety . CUT to dusk . the sun quickly beginning its quick fall . CUT to the water tower in the station area . Samuel be with the remain man who clamber up to the platform on top . CUT to the donkey in the clearing . quiet . pull back to reveal redbeard , hold a wooden ladder that be propped against the plank . Patterson climb he slow way up . it 's dangerous . CUT to the plank as Patterson make it , clamber off the ladder , manage to sit . CUT to the view . nothing be around the machan . he be totally vulnerable . CUT to redbeard , take the ladder down . Patterson try to get comfortable . he can not . redbeard ( glance around ) it 's certainly the best chance they have have to kill you . patterson you think they will come then ? ( redbeard do ) why ? redbeard ( not answer ) good luck . patterson why ? redbeard ( beat ) because I think they be after you . CUT to patterson . this register . finally , he nod . redbeard start to leave . patterson how many do you think they have kill ? redbeard ( reluctantly ) the most of any lion ... a hundred ...? ( beat ) probably more . ( now redbeard look up at the young man ) johnny ...? they study each other in the gather darkness . they have be through a lot together , this two . they be not what they be when they first meet . a emotional moment clearly be at hand . redbeard do not fuck up . ( and he turn , never look back , just go ) CUT to patterson . he be alone now . CUT to shadow . grow longer . CUT to SAMUEL . on top of the water tower . the remain man be with he . CUT to the donkey . it peer around . CUT to patterson . his finger move slowly along he rifle barrel - - there be no noise - but you have the sense that , at any second , the world could explode . CUT to the edge of the clearing , a good distance away . a bunch of tree . nothing unusual . move in closer : redbeard , motionless , rifle in hand , be high in the branch . CUT to the SUN . about to die . CUT to patterson , try to get comfortable . it 's not possible . CUT to the donkey , tethere , but able to move . CUT to patterson , testing the machan - not a good idea - it tremble . he stop , stare out at the set sun , the light hit he skin , give it color . CUT to the SUN and here 's the thing about Africa - the sun do not just set , it literally drop out of the sky . suddenly it 's bright and in a blink it be not . as it drop - CUT to patterson . close up . it 's madness that he 's up here . and he know it . and that show . CUT to the sky . no moon . just thick cloud . CUT to the donkey . quiet . CUT to patterson . on he precarious perch . he scan constantly ahead of he past the donkey . CUT to the thick BUSH beyond the donkey . nothing move - CUT to patterson . he swallow , moisten he throat . he stare down at the donkey . CUT to the donkey . later . middle of the night . dark . and now , just the beginning of a mist . CUT to the sky . thicker and thicker cloud . later still . getting toward morning . CUT to patterson sit there twelve foot up as the silence extend , listen for something , anything - - but all there be be silence . CUT to the donkey . it lie still and quiet . CUT to patterson , look around - you get the feel he would like to scream . CUT to the bushes around he . the mist be get stronger . CUT to redbeard in he tree , cursing , try to see through the grow mist . CUT to patterson , listen , listen - - and then there be a sound and it 's so quiet you can barely hear it but to Patterson it might as well be thunder - - from behind the donkey there have come this : the snap of a twig . CUT to the donkey , and it 's eye widen - hold on the donkey . because now something happen that have not happen before : suddenly there be no color , only tone - - because lion can not see color , only tone , and that 's what 's happen - we be look at the donkey from the point of view of the lion - pull back to reveal the eye of the ghost . watch the donkey . and from now on , when we be use patterson' point of view , everything be cloud and thick with mist , and sound be mute . when we be use the ghost's point of view , everything be totally clear - and sound be thunderous . CUT to what patterson sees : just mist and vaguely , bush . CUT to what the ghost sees : the donkey . and camera begin to move closer as the ghost move , just the barest few step closer . CUT to patterson . still no sound - but beyond the donkey there seem to be some movement in the bush . CUT to what the ghost sees : the donkey , very , very close - CUT to patterson . squint desperately at the area beyond the donkey but the mist be so thick , he can not make certain of anything . CUT to what the ghost sees : the donkey . hold . now there be something else visible , something behind the donkey : the four leg of the platform . hold . now we travel up the platform - the four leg grow closer together . hold as the ghost at last sees patterson . CUT to the eye of the ghost . narrowing . CUT to patterson . involuntarily , a shiver . CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson , but the angle shift - - what 's happen of course be this : the ghost be circle around the platform in the safety of the bush and the mist . CUT to patterson , follow the whisper sound of the bush move . he half turn the other way quickly , make sure that nothing be behind he . CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson shifting as the angle continue to change . CUT to patterson as the realization hit : the beast do not care about the donkey anymore , it 's stalking he . CUT to redbeard . in the tree . the mist obscure everything . CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson . still circle , still closer . CUT to patterson , and it 's scary now , this thing circle and circle , always closer , never visible and he throat be dry and you know he 's just die to blast it with he weapon or scream for it to do anything but this constantly circle movement . ( in truth , the lion circle he for two hour , always come closer , never quite see . ) CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson , always the circle around . CUT to patterson , try to turn on he shaky plank , try to never to let the animal 's position out of he sight . CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson . closer ... CUT to patterson , stare , stare at the goddamn mist , about to come apart now with the tension as it build and build and build and CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson . closer . CUT to patterson , grip he weapon tightly as he head keep on turn . CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson . closer . CUT to patterson , suddenly yell out loud as a owl land on he - that 's right , a goddamn owl land on he , think he be a tree , almost knock he off the plank and CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson , start to slip off the platform and CUT to patterson , fight the owl away , but he balance be go and he 's try not to fall and CUT to what the ghost sees : patterson , beginning to topple off and CUT to patterson , helpless , balance go , go - CUT to the ghost , start to charge forward and Christ he can move and as he start he leap - CUT to redbeard , racing from the tree to the edge of the clear , fire he rifle , fire again and CUT to the ghost , as this incredible roar come from he , and he spin , land , and sure , he 's be hit but he 's go , back into the bush and the night have he and CUT to sudden dawn and patterson and redbeard , run , stop , stare at the ground - CUT to the ground . blood . CUT to patterson and redbeard , move quickly forward again - CUT to the ground . more blood and ... CUT to the two of they , start to slow - CUT to strange terrain - huge anthill all over , the tallest we have see , some of they fifteen foot high , some even higher . CUT to patterson and redbeard . they separate , take different path through the anthill . CUT to redbeard . alert . one step at a time . CUT to patterson . the same . one step at at time . CUT to the ghost . crouched high up behind one of the biggest anthill , stare down at they both . CUT to redbeard . he gesture for they to stop . they do . for a moment they might be statue . CUT to the rocky ground . spot of blood . redbeard kneel to examine they and as he do - CUT to the ghost , launch in mid-air and CUT to patterson , whirling , fall , fire and as the sound detonate - CUT to the ghost , in mid-air , body twisted and - - and freeze . freeze on the ghost silhouett against the morning sky . hold . then - CUT to SAMUEL , walking into the shot - - we're by the river and this be a repeat of the earlier moment when the three man bring the old man-eater into camp - - only now eight man appear , carry the ghost - eight be the actual number of man that it take , and as they lower the dead animal to the ground - CUT to the ghost - and now there 's a flash of light as we pull back to reveal beaumont , kneel by the dead animal . he be smile beautifully , and there be no question the look of triumph on he face . CUT to a photographer ; load of bulky equipment . Patterson and redbeard stand behind he , watch he . we be in a lovely spot by the river . Patterson and redbeard have definitely be drink . beaumont I think another for posterity - this be a important moment in my life . he strike another pose - the photographer go to work . beaumont understand , I have help - patterson - not a time for modesty , Bob - redbeard - undeniably you triumph . beaumont oh surely there 's enough credit for we all - let 's not forget , you do the actual shoot . of course , I hire you , I be the general who put the team together . and general be the one who tend to be remember . photographer perhaps you might put you head in its mouth , sir - could be a corker . beaumont clever idea , I like it . CUT to the mouth of the ghost - it be huge - - beaumont manage to get it open - put he head between the enormous set of tooth - he 's nervous , try to hide it when we CUT to redbeard suddenly give a loud imitation of a lion roaring and CUT to beaumont , surprised and frighten - - he jerk he head away - - there be the sound of laughter , Patterson 's and redbeard 's - - beaumont try for he smile , can not bring it off , look around , humiliate , and as the laughter build - CUT to the tent area . night . Patterson and redbeard flank a fire . it 's a sweet moment for they , they first , no fear in the vicinity . it should be note that they both be drink from bottle of champagne . it should also be note that the Patterson we see be a world away from the young man who go to meet beaumont . he 's unshaven , he eye have see terrible thing , he be weary , he have know failure - he be more at ease with the world . patterson ( drunk ) I never think I would say this , but I be glad you come . redbeard ( drunk ) understood - you realize now you could never have do it without I . patterson actually , I could have do it much more easily without you , but for whatever reason , I be glad you come . ( they toast each other ) Samuel , with he own bottle of champagne have wander over , join they . SAMUEL ( drunk ) where do you go next ? redbeard some Russian prince want to hunt the himalayas . you ? SAMUEL help finish the railroad . patterson I want to meet my son - he must be what , two month old ? they look at the fire a moment . then - SAMUEL Three year I have work for the railroad . now I do not know why . it seem a good idea once . patterson I feel the same about the bridge . this country certainly do not ask for it , do not need it . redbeard too soon to tell . they look at he . redbeard my life be shape because someone invent gunpowder . we life have cross because two lion go mad . but what if in the future the three of we do something grand for humanity ? be that worth all the life ? too soon to tell . SAMUEL ( drink ) some mystery should not have solution . redbeard ( finish he bottle , rise , look at Patterson ) hold you son high . ( and he turn , go to he tent ) patterson ( beat - quietly ) he have child ? SAMUEL ( beat - quietly ) once ... ( hold on the two in the firelight . then - ) CUT to the station master at tsavo station , working in he office . the next day . female voice ( over ) I would like to see John Patterson , please . ( as he look up - ) CUT to helena stand there in tsavo ; she look weary from travel , but still lovely . she hold they son in she arm . the kid be adorable . helena could you tell he that he wife - ( catch herself , smile ) - that he family have come to see he . ( on that - ) CUT to patterson at the bridge - Samuel hurry to he with the news - Patterson take off run and CUT to tsavo station and helena ; she hold the sleep child , walk back and forth along the shade front of the building , no sound at all but she heel . CUT to patterson , run like crazy and up ahead now be the station area . CUT to helena - and now , in the distance , she see he and she leave the building , walk out into the open , smile and wave excitedly and CUT to patterson , excitedly wave back and CUT to the darkness , move out of the grassy area behind helena and CUT to patterson , suddenly scream " get back - back - " CUT to helena , and she 's too far away - he word be lose on the wind - she smile again , wave again and CUT to patterson , scream now , all he have , " get back " and CUT to helena , and she still can not make out what he 's say but just the same , she stop and CUT to the darkness , stalking silently , close on the mother and child . CUT to helena , and the baby wake , smile and CUT to the darkness , start to run and CUT to patterson and now it show on he face - he 's not go to get there , he 's never go to get there - CUT to helena , and at last she know something be terribly wrong and she turn - - but too late , too late as we CUT to the darkness , fly toward she now and CUT to patterson , in agony . CUT to the darkness , leaping on they , take they to the ground and as helena cry out helplessly - CUT to patterson , cry out helplessly and pull back to reveal patterson in he tent , continue to cry out until he realize the nightmare he just have be over - - he stagger to he tent open , go outside . CUT to outside . it 's dawn . Patterson , shake , try to rid himself of the dream . he look around . redbeard 's tent be rip - Patterson run to it - CUT to inside the tent . it 's empty . Patterson stare around - - there be blood on the tent floor and quickly - CUT to the SUN . rising . CUT to patterson run wildly , rifle in hand and CUT to SAMUEL , carry a weapon , hurry to keep up and CUT to patterson , fly across rough terrain and as he and Samuel splash across a small river , he gesture for they to split and they do , widen the area of search and CUT to SAMUEL , veer off and CUT to thorn tree , as Patterson rip through they , unmindful of the damage to he clothes or he skin and CUT to more thorns - he plunge wildly ahead and CUT to a large anthill - it seem to be casting a unusual shadow - Patterson slow , rifle ready , take a breath , move around it - - nothing at all - just he imagination which have be work overtime and be only get worse - Patterson stand there a moment , unsure where to go , what to do - - and then samuel' voice on the wind - call to he - CUT to patterson , tracking the sound - Samuel 's voice cry out again , louder - - Patterson start to run and run , and as he round a bend - CUT to a field of white grass . so lovely . with one patch in the middle that be blood red . something be move in the blood red area . Patterson have he rifle ready - - and then Samuel rise from the blood red patch . CUT to SAMUEL . in shock , in despair , call it what you want - he have see something beyond imagination . CUT to patterson , rush across the field of white grass , rush to where Samuel stand in the patch of blood red grass - he look down into the grass - - clearly , redbeard be there and clearly he be dead . Patterson and Samuel stare mute at one another - - and now , from frighteningly near they , come the triumphant roar of the darkness . they do not even react . CUT to flame rising in the late afternoon . we should already have a sense of where we be ; we have do this before . start pulling back . Samuel stand there , try to hold it together . keep pulling back . Patterson stand there too , try to hold it together . keep pulling back to reveal redbeard funeral pyre . flame consume the body . just Patterson and Samuel . no one else be there . the flame lick at the sky ... hold ... CUT to a large baboon . one leg be tied to the end of the bridge . getting dark now . pull back to reveal patterson and SAMUEL , both armed , climb the crane tower in use at the bridge , not far from the baboon . patterson you be positive lion hate baboon ? ( Samuel be ) pebbles ? ( Samuel hold up a bag ) let 's get it over with . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL as they reach the crane tower platform , fifteen foot from the baboon . they help each other into position . almost night . CUT to the large baboon , bare its enormous tooth , shriek out into the darkness . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL on the platform . Samuel toss a pebble toward the baboon and the baboon cry out again , not in pain but irritation - CUT to the platform . patterson and SAMUEL be flooded by moonlight . it's the middle of the night . they be both tired . Samuel throw another pebble . the baboon cry out . CUT to patterson , tense , on the platform . middle of the night . he 's toss pebble now as Samuel doze . paterson look wild ; only nervous energy be keep he go now . CUT to the sky . the moon . peaceful - then it turn bright yellow and frightening black cloud gather and CUT to patterson , blink , come hard back to reality because the sky be not yellow nor be there black cloud - he 's start to hallucinate . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL on the platform . Samuel be awake now . Patterson stare at the river which be calm . CUT to the river , raging and black and lethal . CUT to patterson , hallucinate again . CUT to just before dawn and the darkness suddenly be there , creep across the bridge toward the shriek baboon and the instant it appear - CUT to patterson . firing - CUT to -the darkness , and it 's hit and it roar and go down and - CUT to - patterson , turn , reach for Samuel 's rifle , grab it , turn back , ready to fire again - CUT to the darkness - go . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL , blink , look around . patterson where be it ? SAMUEL ( point down ) underneath . ( beat ) somewhere . CUT to where he's pointing . the superstructure for the bridge - it go several level beneath the level where the railroad will run . they look at each other - not good news and we find out why when we CUT to early morning light . Patterson and Samuel climb carefully down from they platform to the railroad level . they reach the railroad level . patterson release the baboon which race away . CUT to where they be . at the end of the bridge where they begin construction . the bridge , two third finish , stretch away before they . CUT to they begin to walk the incomplete bridge ... carefully ... .. as they go the look down through the crevice of they level , make sure they miss nothing . CUT to SAMUEL . terrify . holding he rifle extremely tightly . CUT to patterson . ready for anything . CUT to the bridge up ahead of they . there be some hole . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL slow . CUT to the hole . the nearest one be the large . CUT to patterson . he go on tiptoe , try to see what 's in the hole . CUT to the hole . it seem empty . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL . one step forward . another . they hold they breath . CUT to the hole . it seem empty . CUT to a shot from below bridge level - the darkness be there . CUT to patterson , fire . CUT to the darkness , go down through another level of scaffold . CUT to pattrson and SAMUEL , try to track it . CUT to the scaffolding . nothing be visible . CUT to patterson and SAMUEL - frozen . they listen - - nothing but they breathe . CUT to patterson , look around everywhere . CUT to the hole . nothing . CUT to the first level of scaffold . nothing . CUT to the second level of scaffold . nothing . CUT to SAMUEL , look this way , that way . SHOCK CUT to the hole as the darkness just fucking fly out of it - Patterson fall back and fire and the darkness be hit and go down but it get up and CUT to patterson , turn for Samuel 's rifle - -only Samuel be not there - - he 's take off for the tree at the end of the bridge and CUT to the darkness roaring and CUT to patterson and he turn , start run too , run across the narrow half - complete bridge and it 's a bitch to do it without slip or fall and CUT to the darkness , wounded , sure , but the mother can still run and it take off after Patterson and CUT to SAMUEL , make it to the end of the bridge and jump for the nearest tree and CUT to patterson run for he life across the bridge and CUT to the darkness , close the gap and ordinarily Patterson would be a dead man but even though the darkness have not get its ordinary speed , it 's still faster than Patterson and CUT to patterson , and he 's never go this fast in he life and CUT to the tree he's head for , a different one from Samuel 's and it 's just up ahead and CUT to the darkness , close and CUT to the tree , and CUT to the darkness , spring into the air now and CUT to patterson , diving for the lowest branch , grab hold with both hand , swinging he body up as we CUT to the darkness , barely miss as Patterson get he body onto the branch and now come this insane roar and CUT to SAMUEL with he rifle , as he climb higher into he tree . CUT to patterson in the next tree , climb higher , until he 's fifteen foot up . CUT to the darkness , on the ground , circle the trunk of Patterson 's tree , raging with frustration . CUT to patterson , exhaust but it 's okay now , he 's safe , and as he look across at the next tree not far away where Samuel be - SAMUEL ( embarrassed ) afraid of lion . CUT to patterson . patterson it 's all right , Samuel - we all get hit - ( now he shut up fast and -) CUT to the darkness , as it do this incredible thing - it start to climb the tree after Patterson . lion be cat and when they want to climb , up they go and that 's what the darkness be do now , go up and CUT to patterson , and it 's terrifying - he reach for the branch above , climb higher and CUT to the darkness , climb higher too and the tree be sturdy but there be a four hundred pound thing rock it now and CUT to patterson , go still higher but the branch be get thin and the tree be shaking , and he could fall - CUT to the darkness , climb on , nothing can stop it - CUT to patterson and the darkness , together in the tree , and there 's no further Patterson can go and it 's harder for the darkness too , but slowly it move in and CUT to patterson , call out - patterson Samuel ! ( and he gesture for the rifle and the instant he do - ) CUT to SAMUEL , and he take the rifle between he two hand and CUT to the darkness , steadily move in and CUT to SAMUEL , toss the rifle with great care and Patterson 's less than fifteen foot away and CUT to patterson , hand out to catch it and CUT to the rifle in mid-air and CUT to patterson , both hand ready and CUT to the rifle as it strike a tree branch , spin away to the ground . CUT to the darkness , almost on Patterson now and CUT to patterson , suddenly leaping out of the tree , and yes it 's a long way and sure it 's go to damage he but sometimes there be not a lot of choice in this world and CUT to SAMUEL , stare as Patterson fall and CUT to patterson , crash hard to earth , stunne , hurt , rib break , leg break and CUT to the darkness , and it 's so big it 's hard for it to get room to turn but it do and CUT to patterson crawl for the rifle , and he 's in terrible pain but he reach the weapon , grab for it and CUT to the darkness , skitter down the tree and as it reach the ground CUT to patterson , force himself to he foot and CUT to the darkness , a dozen foot away as with a roar it start its charge . CUT to patterson , aim , fire and CUT to the darkness , hit again and down it go again but up it come again and CUT to patterson , fire the final shot and CUT to the darkness , hit again and it have to stop , it just have to - - but it do not . it roar and roar and move slowly toward Patterson . CUT to patterson ; all bullet go , no place to hide . CUT to the darkness . still move forward . CUT to patterson . he take a step backward , fall backwards over a branch , land hard and CUT to the darkness , frame between Patterson 's leg . six foot away , now four , now - CUT to patterson , helpless on the ground . CUT to the darkness , and the eye glow - -a branch be on the ground in front of it - it bury its huge tooth into the branch - - now a long die sigh ... and it go to the ground . CUT to patterson . can not breathe . CUT to the darkness , dead , its tooth still bury in the tree branch . CUT to patterson . close up . and suddenly he just empty and tear pour down he face and he begin to cry out loud , he body wrack with sob . he manage to get to he knee , move next to the animal - CUT to patterson and the darkness . just the sound of Patterson 's tear ... hold . keep holding . camera begins to rise - - we be looking at the bridge now - and it's finished ! -hundred of people be watch as the first train go oer it - - Samuel be there - lighting up the world with he smile - - and Patterson 's there , too . he stand with helena , he young son in he arm . everybody smile , everybody wave , the train go triumphantly by . CUT to patterson . he look wonderful again , vibrant and young . watch he , you might think he have not be through the nightmare as he stand there , hold the boy tightly . but with he other hand , he finger the lion claw necklace ... hold on patterson . now slowly dissolve to a African evening . animal stretch from one horizon to the other . SAMUEL voice ( over ) here we still wonder about they . how do they escape for nine month ? and kill 135 man ? and stop the railroad ? ( beat ) and be they only lion ? ( beat ) if you want to decide for yourself , you must go to America . they be at the field Museum in Chicago , and even now , after they have be dead a century , if you dare to lock eye with they ... ( beat ) ... you will be afraid . in the distance , the animal continue to move . SAMUEL voice ( over ) sleep well . hold on the animal . they seem to go on forever ... final fade out . the end