Jeffrey boam 's " the lose boy " for educational use only " lost boy " by Jeffrey boam revised draft " lost boy " 1 ext . the ocean - night 1 camera skimming along the top of the water . moonlight on the surf . Racing toward the beach where large bonfire burn . title and title song . camera fly through flame revealing : 2 the santa carla boardwalk 2 this be the place where it 's all happen on warm summer night . music and noise . arcade . thrill ride . a brightly - light ferris wheel turn against a jet black sky . 3 int . carousel 3 spin merrily . loud calliope music . Young kid and teenager occupy the horse and bench . a tough group of " surf nazis " also ride . " my Beach , my Wave " on they t-shirt . the lost boy enter the carousel house . cool kid in dis - tinctive dress . compel ; not threaten . they be david , marko , paul , dwayne ; David the obvious leader . greg , the head surf Nazi , sit in one of the carousel 's bench with he arm around he girl , shelly . he think he 's King of the boardwalk .. and do not like it one bit when shelly cast a appreciative glance toward David . David smile back at she . not flirt , just be chi- valrous . greg scowl and take he anger out on Paul by trip he as he go by . a insult ... a shove . David join Paul . surf Nazis join greg . the lose boy close rank . a major melee seem ready to erupt , when the ugly end of a nightstick be shove against he Adam 's apple . a three hundred pound security guard be at the other end . the ride suddenly end . calliope music stop . guard I tell you to stay off the boardwalk . for a endless moment David 's and the Guard 's eye lock in mortal combat . neither one willing to give ground . then David smile . david come on , let 's pull . the lose boy begin to leave as the Guard turn to greg and the surf Nazis . guard you too , off the boardwalk . and do not come back ! greg and the surf Nazis grumble and leave . there be bad blood between they and the lose boy , but both group hate the Security Guard more . ext . boardwalk - night ( aerial shot ) camera travel through the empty amusement park as the light go off systematically . camera continue past the ride to reveal : 4 large , empty parking lot 4 the Security Guard approach he lone car carry he lunch pail . deadly quiet . vampire Pov shot Zoom down on the Guard . a rush of air . High - pitch screeching . whispering voice . the guard look up -- react for a split second -- and then he 's go -- pull upward out of frame so fast , he 's just a blur . only he lunch box -- bounce on the pavement -- remain behind . 5 shot of grotesque carnival image on the boardwalk 5 clown face bob . Dark image in the carousel . 6 ext . deserted beach - night 6 wave lap against the beach . Lonely and desert . no one around for mile . all be quiet and still , until ... whoosh ! thud ! the guard body fall from the sky and land in the wet sand directly in front of camera . horrible and bloodless . sucked dry , like a deflate balloon . camera pull up , up , up until the coastline be visible to we . and night dissolves into day . 7 ext . pacific coast - morning 7 helicopter shot of the coastline and highway 17 approach - ing Santa Clara : ocean , agriculture , etc . camera find a beat up land rover pull a u-haul trailer . 8 int . rover 8 lucy anderson drive -- late thirty , sexy , warm , com - fortable with herself -- a bit of a free spirit . SAM , 11 , a victim of too many afternoon in shopping mall watch bratpack movie , sit next to she in he trendy dud , suffer the foreign coastline with he large malamute dog nanook . michael , in he late teens , slump in the back seat . he be a loner , a independent and not enjoy the ride . lucy we be get close ... SAM what 's that smell ? lucy ( fill lung ) Ocean air ! SAM smell like something die . lucy guy , I know it have not be easy ... the divorce and now the move ... but I think you be really go to like live in Santa carla ... no reply . her son look unconvince . lucy how ' bout some music . she turn on the radio to country and western . SAM keep go . she next find a easy listening station . michael keep go . she next find donovan sing " mellow yellow . " SAM / michael keep go . lucy ( laugh ) wait . Haight - ashbury ! the summer of love ! ' mellow yellow . ' SAM / michael keep go ! they all laugh as Lucy turn the dial to a current rock hit and the boy relax . there Pov - large billboard show boardwalk , pier , etc . read : " welcome to Santa carla . " as they pass , only Michael notice what have be spray paint on the back of the sign : " murder capital of the world . " music continue over : 9 ext . santa carla - morning 9 establish summer / fun atmos -- bikinis , surfer , biker , colorful local , etc . high shot soak in boardwalk and surround area as camera move downward find Sam and nonook in the crowd run to : 10 ext . gas station / surf rental / trampouline ride 10 in the center of the action . Lucy pump gas into the Rover as Sam run up to she . SAM Mom , there 's a amusement park right on the beach ! lucy that 's the boardwalk , Sam . SAM can we go now , huh ? lucy maybe later . grandpa 's expect we . Lucy be disturb as she notice two runaway teenager rummaging through a nearby garbage bin for something to eat . she and Sam be distract however as they see Michael roll he honda motor bike from out of the u-haul . michael I need to stretch my leg . I will follow you . the attendant give Lucy five dollar in change . she hand it to Sam , indicate the two runaways . lucy tell they to get something to eat . SAM I think we be poor . lucy not that poor . Sam run off as Michael start he prize possession . lucy still mad at I ? michael for what . lucy for everything . Michael can not deal with this and just roar he engine . lucy if you want to check it out and meet we later it 's okay . Sam return , have hear this . SAM what !? he can and I can not ?! no fair !! michael that 's okay , Mom . I can see it later . I will help you unload . Lucy seem pleasantly surprised by Michael 's display of responsibility . she and Sam get in the Rover as the runaways shout to they . runaway hey , thanks , lady . lucy ( to runaways ) use some of it to call home . ( to Sam as they pull out ) that kid look like I twenty year ago . SAM when you run away from home , hitch - hike to Berkeley , spend the night in Golden Gate Park and begge for spare change in the morning ? lucy you have hear this story before ? SAM so many time , I be start to think it happen to I . 11 ext . grandpa's house - day 11 a long wind road lead to the old lodge- like funky house . the land Rover pull up follow by Michael on he motorbike . grandpa , a rugge individualist wear old denim , indian moccasin , long grey braid down he back , be a lifeless form on the front porch . Lucy and son approach . michael he look dead . lucy he 's just a deep sleeper . michael he 's not breathe , Mom . Lucy become concerned as she feel he head . SAM if he 's dead can we move back to Phoenix ? before Lucy and Michael can belt Sam , grandpa open he mischievous eye . grandpa playin ' dead ... and from what I hear , doin ; a damn good job of it , too . Michael and Sam exchange weird look as Lucy hug she father . 12 int . grandpa's live room - day 12 large , lodge-like ; funky leather furniture and indian blanket . Michael carry in he barbell while Sam struggle with he mammoth collection of comic book . michael this be kind of a cool place . SAM ( deadpan ) I be so excited I just can not hide it . I be about to lode control and I think I like it . michael will you give Mom a break ? Sam follow Michael into the ... 13 kitchen 13 as Michael , about to put he barbell down on back porch , pump a few time for good measure . SAM grandpa do not own a t.v. have you notice ? there 's no t.v. Santa carla have no mall , no cineplex and now I will not even have MTV . I will not know anything hip happen anymore . michael hey , Sam , we be flat break . SAM even poor people have t.v.s 14 ext . grandpa's house 14 nanook dash about discover nature , while grandpa help Lucy unload the u-haul . grandpa Lucy , you be the only woman I ever know do not improve she situation by get divorced . lucy a big legal war be not go to improve anybody 's situation . we have all be through enough . besides I be raise better than that . thanks for have we , dad . she hug he , accidentally pull on he braid . grandpa ouch , my hair ... lucy when I dress like you do now , you throw I out of the house . I use to hate you short hair and you uptight suit ... then I go ahead and marry one ... I go yuppie and you become a hippie ... be still out of synch . 15 int . a upstair bedroom 15 Sam be stack he comic book collection on the shelf when Michael enter . michael this room be mine . SAM I be here first . michael okay . I will flip you for it . Sam can see it 's he only chance . SAM okay ... Michael smile , grab Sam suddenly and " flip " he upside down . Michael be laugh , but he tone change dramati- cally when Sam reach out , grab hold of Michael 's crotch and squeeze hard . Michael drop Sam . michael Owwww ! you little shit ! Sam be out the door as Michael pursue . 16 down the staircase through the live room 16 Sam yell to Lucy , who be outside . SAM help I , mom. help . lucy soon. Sam tear open a pair of old slide door and run into : 17 the old bar 17 stuff animal of all kind stare down at he : squir - rel , bird , cat , etc . also , box of eye , pelt , hide , wooden animal form . in other word , all the equipment and accouterment of a taxidermist . michael dash in . both boy stare in wonder . the whole scene be very weird . suddenly a voice from behind . grandpa rule ! both boy jump , grandpa be behind they . grandpa get some rule around here . 18 int . kitchen 18 grandpa open the refrigerator revealing a shelf with a cardboard flap on it read : " Old fart . " grandpa second shelf be mine ... keep my root beer and double- thick mint oreo cookie there ... nobody touch the second shelf ... grandpa close the door as Michael notice something out the window , as they follow grandpa back towards the live room . Michael point to a small marijuana crop grow outside . Sam be puzzle but Michael make a " smoking a joint " gesture . 19 live room ( continuous ) 19 they follow grandpa . grandpa when the mailman bring the t.v. guide on wednesday , sometimes the corner of the address label will curl up ... you will be tempt to peel it off . do not . you will end up rippin ' the cover and I do not like that ... he disappear into the taxidermy . grandpa ... and stay outta here . SAM you have a t.v.? grandpa no , I just like to read the t.v. guide . read the t.v. guide , you do not need a t.v... 20 int . the kitchen - night 20 Michael , Sam and Lucy do the dinner dish together . the radio be play . a hit from the sixties come on . " land of a thousand dance . " Lucy begin to move to the music . then she put down she dish towel and start to dance . lucy this be how we use to do it . ' pony time . ' Lucy grab Sam by the hand and pull he away from the sink . he copy she . in fact , he 's even more wild . Lucy and Sam be laugh and have a great time . Lucy and Sam try to include Michael , but he 's embarrassed . 21 ext . beach in front of the boardwalk - night 21 Michael and Sam walk across the beach , around the burn bonfire . the beach be crowded . greg and the surf Nazis hang out . it be all very strange and exciting to Sam and Michael who make they way towards the lively boardwalk . Sam fuss with he " muss " hair and trendy clothes . michael you be beautiful . SAM wanna change my hair , my clothes , my face . they go up the stair near the bandstand . a loud rock group perform . the crow and action be exciting . Michael and Sam make they way through the young people .. Michael suddenly see : STAR a heart -stopp young beauty . different from anyone in the crowd , listen to the music and even though she 's with laddie , 14 , a sweet - face but sad boy , she seem alone . as the music build , she suddenly feel Michael 's gaze and they eye meet . she be a person look for a friend . Michael smile . Star want to smile back , but she can not , and reach for laddie , disappear through the crowd . Michael grab Sam and follow . 22 ext . santa carla pier - night 22 in view of the boardwalk , but quite a distance away . Lucy , in a soft summer skirt and blouse walk on the busy pier ; restaurant , souvenir store , boat rental , etc . a " brain dead " ex-hippie be preaching ; ranting and rave . Lucy fall in step for a moment with a tourist couple who be smile over the ex-hippie . lucy I think I date that guy . the couple chuckle and disappear in the crowd as Lucy come across a kiosk with dozen of local ad for apart - ment for rent , fishing boat , seminar , and many flyer with miss child . be add to this be a xerox flyer with a picture of the heavyset Security Guard we see kill . " missing " in large black type over he photo . this be be place there by he wife and two child . Lucy pass the sad woman and they eye meet for a second . Lucy notice a " help wanted " sign in a restau - rant window . as she go to inspect it however , she suddenly become aware of a young boy look very lose in the middle of the summer crowd . 23 Pov of lucy 23 tend to the child . this be through a store window look out onto the pier with the boardwalk in the distance . a buzzer sound . and Pov move through the doorway of a video store . as the lost boy enter aggressively . this Pov 's belong to max , the tall good - look friendly owner of videomax , a trendy video / souvenier store with bank of tv monitor fill with rock and cartoon image . Max be not happy with the appearance of the lost boy in he store , who seem only interested in cause trouble and cruise the attractive young black cashier . Max be just about to deal with they , when the buzzer sound again , and Lucy enter with the child . lucy this boy seem to be lose . David and the lose boy watch Lucy and the child . Max be delighted to see Lucy in he store . lucy I think maybe he parent might be in here ? Max be just about to help Lucy when a frantic young mother come dash into the store . mother Terry ... oh , thank God ... I be so worried ... she grab the child , effusively thanking Max and Lucy . Max gallantly hand a lollipop to Terry as the mother thanks they some more and leave . Max hand Lucy a lollipop next . lucy no , thanks . she smile as the lose boy shuffle past head for the door . Max speak to David . max I tell you not to come in here anymore . David smile he smile and leave with he guy . Max see Lucy watch he . max Wild kid . outside David and the guy get on they bitchin ' bike and peel out . lucy oh , they be just young . we be that age , too , once . only they dress better . max you have get a generous nature . I like that in a person . my name be Max . lucy Lucy . max so what can I help you find tonight , Lucy ? we have get it all . best selection in Santa carla . lucy I be not look for a tape . what I need be -- max -- a job . lucy do I look that needy ? 24 ext . boardwalk - night 24 Michael walk briskly past the ride through the crowd . Sam have trouble keep up as they turn down a alley . SAM where be we go ? michael nowhere . SAM then what 's the rush ? you be chase that girl , why do not you just admit it ? I be at the mercy of you sex gland ! michael do not you have something better to do than follow I around all night ? then , Sam realize that he 's stand directly in front of a great second -hand comic book store . SAM as a matter of fact , I do . with that , Sam walk away from Michael . and Michael continue he search alone . 25 int . comic book store 25 weirdness hang in the air . Sam enter . it seem empty . Sam begin to examine the treasure trove of comic when he suddenly become aware of two teenager , edgar and alan -- tough little dude in fatigue with cold eye -- victim of too many Chuck norris movie . they be busy stack old comic on the rack from cardboard box . they be the frog brother . SAM you can not put the superman D.C. # 3400 series with the # 500' ... it 's a different artist . the frog just look death at he , but Alan notice something . alan ( to Edgar ) he 's right . they begin to correct they mistake , as Sam speak again . SAM and this archy should be over here with the richie Rich 's . edgar where the hell be you from , kryton ??? SAM Phoenix actually and this bullwinkle and ... alan just pass through Santa carla ? SAM no , I be a resident as of today and you will probably be see a lot of I ... I have be collect comic book all my life ... perhaps you would like to see my collection ? Alan look to Edgar as Edgar pull a comic from the shelf . edgar if you be gonna live around here , then here 's one you do not wanna be without . he hand Sam a comic entitle vampire everywhere . SAM I do not like horror comic . alan this one could save you life . 26 ext . the boardwalk 26 Michael be on Star and laddie 's tail . he keep pace with she , walk a safe distance behind . she become aware of he . she look over she shoulder -- then suddenly stop . STAR be you follow I ? michael well , I ... STAR do you want to talk to I ? michael well ... yeah . sure . STAR okay . talk . michael I just want to ... I , uh ... Sam rush up carry he comic . SAM Mom 's here . laddie notice the vampire comic . SAM let 's go . STAR ( very sweetly ) Nice talk to you . she smile and walk away . 27 ext . boardwalk entrance - minute later 27 Michael argue with Lucy as Sam climb into the Rover . michael it 's early . why do we have to go home ? lucy bring you own wheel tomorrow night and you can stay as long as you want ... well ' till eleven thirty maybe . michael I will hitch . lucy oh , no , you will not . SAM Mom , you hitched all the way to Berkeley once , remember ? michael Mom , just give I five more minute . just five minute , okay ? Lucy nod as Michael dash off into the crowd . SAM he meet a girl . lucy I guess no one care what I get a job . SAM can we get a t.v.? 28 ext . another part of the boardwalk 28 Michael round the turn and stop short . Star and laddie be surround by the lose boy . Michael feel upstage . the lose boy look he way -- but there be nothing threaten in they expression . they all have motorcycle . they climb on and gun they engine . Star climb on behind David , put she arm around he . they roar away . Michael be leave stand alone . Star smile as she disappear into the night . 29 ext . beach in front of boardwalk - early morning 29 the bonfire from the previous night be smolder in the morning haze . runaway kid sleep on the beach . 30 ext . gas station / surf rental / trampouline ride - 30 early morning Michael park he bike , as he and Sam rent surf board and wet suit . 31 ext . beach 31 Michael carry he board under he arm as Sam drag he behind . SAM do I have to do this ? michael come on , Sam , you know before there be mall there be ' like the ocean . ' 32 various shot 32 Michael lean to " master " the art of surfing . he 's very athletic and it do not take he too long to get the hang of it . Sam be disaster , however , and settles for watch Michael along with the huge Santa carla seal who seem - ingly applaud Michael . suddenly he be wipe out , however , by greg and the surf Nazis who surf right past he . greg my beach , my wave , dude . Michael wipe out as the seal applaud . 33 int . the video store - dusk 33 Lucy 's first day on the job . maria , the hot-look black cashier , show Lucy the rope . maria I would be out on the street if it be not for Max . nobody would 'a give I a job the way I look when I walk in here . lucy I have not see he all day . maria he only come in night . he 's busy open another store in Los gato . much bigger than this one . Lucy see Michael and Sam drive up on Michael 's Honda . she go out to meet they . 34 ext . video store 34 Sam leap off the motorbike . Michael gun the engine . michael see you later . lucy I get off in another twenty minute . I think maybe we would all get a bite together . michael I will pass . with that , Michael peel off . 35 ext . the boardwalk - night 35 Michael be purchase a black jacket from the punk store on the boardwalk . he like he reflection . it 's the kind of jacket the lose boy would wear . camera travel with he as he get into he new attitude . he stop near a ear piercing concession and actually consider it . STAR ( o.s. ) it 's a rip-off . Michael be floor to see Star stand behind he . michael hi ... STAR if you want you ear pierce , I will do it . he follow she as they move along the busy boardwalk . michael what 's you name ? STAR Star . michael oh . you folk , too , huh ? STAR what do you mean ? michael ex-hippy . my mom be one . I come this close to be call Moon child , or Moon beam or something . ( beat ) but Star 's great . I like Star . STAR I , too . michael I be Michael . STAR Michael 's great . I like Michael . Michael smile awkwardly at Star 's playfulness . for a moment they walk in silence . STAR I guess you be new around here . michael sort of . we use to come here summer when I be kid . now we be here on a permanent basis . she seem pleased by that news . Michael give she a look . he can not believe he good fortune . michael be you hungry ? wanna get something to eat ? STAR okay . 36 ext . boardwalk parking area - night 36 as Michael and Star approach Michael 's Honda , the lose boy arrive on they motorcycle . laddie sit behind Paul . David be astride a throbbing triumph . Michael look uneasy ; out - class and out -number . david ( to Star ) where you go ? STAR for a ride . david ( glance at Michael ) with he ? STAR yeah . David gun he engine , then let it rev back down . david ( to Michael ) I be David . ( indicate the other ) Paul ... dwayne ... marko . laddie speak up , have be pass over . laddie hi ... I be laddie . STAR this be Michael . silence . nobody move , but glance be exchange all around . michael ( to Star ) we still go ? david Honda 250 , huh ? michael that 's right . david c'mon , star. climb on . michael Star ?... she give Michael a apologetic look , then climb onto the motorcycle behind David . david know where Hudson 's bluff be ? overlook the point ? David again gun he engine and Michael get he meaning . michael I can not beat a triumph . david you do not have to beat I , Michael . ( pause ) just try to keep up . 37 ext . boardwalk step 37 the motorcycle bounce down the step and hit the beach . 38 ext . the beach 38 now they pick up speed as they spin out from the board - walk , spraying sand into the air and revving they engine . people on the beach turn to look as the motorcycle roar by , head for a more desert section of sand . 39 aerial view 39 of all five motorbike weaving between the roaring bonfire . 40 close shot - the lost boy 40 they face be alive with the excitement and the thrill of the ride . 41 close on michael 41 cautious . worried . do he best to keep up . 42 ext . the shoreline 42 the motorcycle speed through the surf . 43 another angle 43 they head for the pier at full speed . the thick wooden piling present a hazardous obstacle course . Michael skid and slow down . the lose boy do just the opposite . they increase they speed as they approach the piling . 44 ext . beneath the pier 44 David and the other thread they way between the piling at breakneck speed -- execute turn and avoid col - lision in a way that do not seem possible . 45 michael 45 travel through the piling , try to keep up . 46 ext . dune -filled beach 46 a area of gently roll sand dune . a bonfire burn beside one of this dune . we hear the thunderous rumble of approach motorcycle and one - by- one the lose boy sail off the edge of the dune -- fly through the flame of the bonfire -- and land upright on the beach below . michael be the last one to try this . he 's determine not to chicken out . he speed up the dune -- fly through the flame -- and hit the beach . he almost fall -- but immediately rights himself . Star look back from she position behind David and give he a smile . the lose boy also favor he with approve look . 47 ext . railroad trestle 47 Michael and the lose boy -- silhouett against the night sky -- speed across the trestle . 48 michael and david 48 now travel side - by-side . Star 's hair blow in the wind . she reach out she hand toward Michael . Michael reach out he . they hand touch for a moment -- then David turn to Michael . david ( shouting above the noise of the wind and the motor now we race !! David smile -- and speed ahead . Michael take off after he . 49 ext . hudson be bluff - night 49 David 's triumph streak across the flat surface of the bluff . Michael be not far behind . michael' Pov the bluff terminate in a shear five hundred - foot drop into the crashing surf below . and it 's come up fast . david roar toward the abyss , seemingly heedless of the peril that lie before he . michael begin to show fear . it 's as be he 's go to shoot off the edge of the world . he brake and spin out , nearly lose control of he bike , slide toward the edge . david brake ! the tire lock and the triumph skid to a stop . close on triumph's front tire hanging slightly over the edge of the bluff . the pacific ocean crash powerfully against the moon - light rock below . michael slide next to he , slightly over the edge . 50 full shot - the bluff 50 the other boy now arrive on they motorbike . David calmly climb off he bike . Michael explode and punch he . the other boy fall silent . Star look to laddie . Michael prepare for David 's retaliation , but David surprise everyone by smile he irresistible smile at Michael . david how far you willing to go , Michael ? 51 ext . bluff from the ocean' Pov 51 a beautiful magic spot . David , Michael , Star and the other climb down old condemn wooden stair , pass huge sign on old rusted piling read : " condemned , " " unsafe , " " unlawful to go past this point . " the group press on toward a large open in the rock . 52 int . cave 52 the group enter and Michael can not believe he eye . a victorian HOTEL lobby have seemingly drop through a crack in the earth . it be tilt and break , but nearly intact : Front desk , lobby mural ; wrought-iron elevator , and more . shaft of moonlight shoot down from crack in the ceiling . david this be the hot resort in Santa carla back about eighty year ago . too bad they build it right on top of the San adrea fault . ( beat ) in 1906 , when the big one hit San Francisco , the ground open up and this place take a header into the crack . paul man , you would not believe the cool stuff we have find in here . Michael glance at Star . STAR c'mon , Michael . I want to go . david no. stick around . michael we be gonna grab some food . david good idea . ( turn ) marko . we be hungry . marko nod and leave . david see ? all you gotta do be ask . ( light up a joint ) how about a appetizer ? David take the first hit , then pass it to Michael . Star seem troubled . 53 ext . grandpa's house - establishing - night 53 54 int . sam' bedroom - night 54 Sam be lie in bed read vampire everywhere . Lucy enter . lucy ten o'clock . light out . Lucy open the closet and throw a few item inside , then walk away . SAM Mom . she close the closet door . lucy I can not sleep with the closet door open , either . not even a crack . ( pause ) you father do not mind , though . it could be wide open for all he care . I think one of the reason I divorced he be because he never believe ... in the horror ... of the closet monster ! grandpa ( o.s. ) closet monster !? taken by surprise , Lucy and Sam yelp like a pair of scared puppy . lucy dad ! do not sneak up on people like that ! grandpa it 's call the indian walk . walkin ' without makin ' a sound . grandpa be hold something behind he back . grandpa bring you a little something ' to dress up you room with , Sam . grandpa reveal what 's behind he back : a grotesque stuff woodchuck . raise up on its hind leg . teeth expose . very ugly , indeed . Lucy and Sam hide they revulsion as grandpa proudly place the monstrosity on the dresser . SAM thanks , grandpa ... grandpa lot more where he come from . lucy light out , Sam . SAM soon as I finish this comic . okay ? Lucy nod and exit the room . grandpa follow she out . Sam be leave alone to finish the comic . but he can not concentrate . the woodchuck seem to be stare at he . finally , Sam leap out of bed , grab the woodchuck and put he in the closet . slamming the door tightly . 55 int . lobby / cave - night 55 music be playing from a ghetto blaster . very loud . very hypnotic . dwayne make graceful move with a skateboard beneath he foot . everyone be very mellow ; very dreamy . michael ( to all ) where be you guy from ? paul we be from right here . michael I mean , where do you live ? dwayne right here . michael you live here ? you folk let you ? paul be he talk parent ? dwayne ( laugh ) what be they ? the other laugh , too . Michael look confuse . david we do what we want , Michael . we have complete freedom . ( beat ) nobody know about this place ... and nobody know about we . Michael be intrigue -- and David see it . he step closer to he . david freedom , Michael . no parent . no rule . ( smile ) Hell , we be as free as bird . marko suddenly arrive bear carton of take - out food . marko Chow time ! David take the carton from he hand . david chinese ! good choice . he pop the lid on one of the carton and approach Michael with it . david guest first . Michael hesitates . david it 's only rice . do not you like rice ? 300 million chinese people can not be wrong . Michael take the carton warily and David immediately turn he back on he , pass out food to the other . Michael take a mouthful of rice use the plastic spoon provide . the other begin to eat as well . david so how do you like that maggot , Michael ? michael what ?... david you be eat maggot . how do they taste ? Michael look at he food . 56 close on the carton 56 a thousand wiggling maggot , squirming and slide over each other . 57 michael 57 spit out he mouthful in horror and revulsion and throw the carton to the ground . but as the carton spill out , we see that it be just rice after all . the boy laugh uproariously . Michael look mortify . Star get to she foot . STAR leave he alone . david sorry , Michael . no hard feeling , huh ? ( offer a new carton of food ) here . try this noodle . Michael look at the noodle and he expression turn to one of disgust . michael worm ! 58 close on the carton 58 a hundred squirming bloodsucker ! 59 back to scene 59 david worm ?... David tilt back he head and pour the content of the carton into he mouth . the slimy bundle of worm slide slowly across he lip . Michael look on with a sick expression . he grab David 's arm . michael do not ! stop ! david why ? ( beat ) they be only noodle . David show Michael the carton again . and sure enough , they be only noodle . Michael be baffle . the boy have a good , long laugh at he expense . STAR that 's enough ! the laughter die down as a new song come on the radio . it 's apparently a favorite of the lose boy because the music be immediately turned up loud and all thought of Michael seem to be forget . everyone begin to move to the music . Star encourage Michael to dance with she . he 's feel the effect of the joint he smoke and he balance be a little off . his head be spin . during all this , David have locate a bottle of wine . he pour some into a paper cup and offer it to Michael . Michael be about to drink when Star hold he arm . STAR ( softly ) do not Michael . you do not have to . it 's blood ! Michael examine the content of the cup and smile know - ingly . he 's not fall for any more trick . michael good joke , blood . Michael bring the cup to he lip and drink . the lose boy watch he carefully . wine drip from the corner of he mouth . but it look more like blood than anything else . Michael lower the cup . the room be spin around he . suddenly : slow -motion . dreamy music . the camera take off whirling up into the air so that we view of the lobby be now from high above . 60 int . michael' bedroom - next day 60 Michael cringe in he sleep , as Sam invade he bedroom from they common bathroom . SAM Michael , come on . it 's one o'clock already . Sam yank open the blind . michael go away . SAM you be suppose to watch I and entertain I , and make I appreciate the brief but happy year of childhood . michael entertain yourself . Michael pull the cover over he head . 61 int . live room - day 61 Sam accompany by nanook sneak a peek into grandpa 's taxidermy room . grandpa be hard at work . Sam do not dare go inside . 62 ext . back of house - day 62 Sam and nanook check over grandpa 's old pickup park in the back yard fill with fencing material ; post , rail and board . SAM nanook ... this be my life : I come from a break home . my mother work all day . my brother sleep all day . and my grandpa , who be possibly and alien , stuff chipmonk . then he notice the marijuana garden next to it . running into the kitchen , he come back with a book of match . break off a leaf , he roll it and be just about to light it when grandpa 's voice make he choke . grandpa ( o.s. ) whatcha doin ' ? Sam palm the evidence . SAM grandpa , stop doin ' the indian walk ! grandpa gotta keep in practice . it 's a dyin ' art . SAM good ! grandpa whatcha doin ' over here ? SAM oh ... I be just ... have a look at you truck . what 's all that wood in there for ? grandpa be fixin ' to build I fence one of this day . buy all the material , then put it off ... for about ten year . ( sigh ) well , one more day will not hurt . wanna go into town with I ? SAM great . I wanna get some new comic . 63 int . garage - day 63 a classic 1957 chevy in creampuff condition . grandpa take down a old coffee can from the tool bench and fish out the car key from inside . grandpa get in . Sam slide into the car . grandpa climb in behind the wheel . 64 int . ' 57 chevy 64 grandpa put the key into the ignition and turn over the engine . it fire up like a dream . grandpa get to let she warm up a bit . hear that , Sam ? just like a baby pussycat . ( beat ) okay ?! let 's go to town ! so say , he turn off the igntion . Sam look baffle . grandpa climb from the car and put the key back into the coffee can . then he turn to Sam who be still seat inside the car . grandpa be we havin ' fun or what ? SAM I think we be goin ' into town . grandpa I hate goin ' into town . that 's about as close to town as I like to get . 65 int . back porch 65 Michael , look very draw and wear sunglass , stand before he barbell . he pump they once , but can not complete a second rep . exhausted , he drop they down . 66 int . the kitchen - day 66 Sam be there , look through the refrigerator . Michael enter from the service porch and plop down in a chair . SAM what do you do last night ? you look waste . michael I can not remember much after the chinese food that look like maggot . that take care of Sam 's appetite . SAM you do not suppose grandpa 's a alien , do you ? michael what would that make Mom ? SAM you be right ... not even to mention you and I . nanook come up to Michael and begin to lick the bottom of he bare foot . michael beat it , nanook . nanook continue to lick and lick . michael Sam . make he stop . Sam pull nanook away . then he take a closer look at Michael 's foot . SAM do you spill something ? michael no . why ? SAM the bottom of you foot be cover with salt . Michael get up from the table and start to leave the room . michael I tell you it be pretty weird chinese food . SAM wanna go to the comic book store ? michael no . 67 int . comic book store - day ( later ) 67 Sam park he bike outside and enter . he begin look around , when he see the frog Brothers at work as usual . they exchange glare and Sam go to a section he like . alan how do you like Santa carla ? SAM it 's a pretty cool place if you be a martian . edgar or a vampire . SAM be you guy sniff old newsprint or something ? edgar you think you be cool , do not you ? you think you know what 's really happen , do not you ? well , you do not know shit , buddy . alan yeah , you think we just work in a comic book store for we dad , huh ? SAM this be not a comic book store , right . it 's a bakery . edgar this be just we cover . we be dedicated to a higher purpose . SAM now I get it ... you be like that people in the airport try to get you to give they money . you be part of a cult . alan we be fighter for Truth , justice , and the american Way . SAM you better get some fresh air . edgar hey , man , take this ... it 's on the house . he hand he a comic call destroy all vampire . SAM I do not like horror comic . alan think of this more as a survival manual ... there 's we number on the back , and pray that you never need to call we . SAM I be gonna pray that I never need to call you . 68 ext . video store - evening 68 Lucy emerge from the store just as Max drive up in he sport car . his dog , thorn , a irish setter , be in the seat next to he . Max leap from the car . max say hello to thorn . lucy ( pet he ) hi , thorn . Lucy begin to walk . Max fall into step with she . max you know , Lucy , this be not work out like I plan . Lucy look alarmed . max ( continue ) I never get to see you . ( pause ) which be , of course , why I hire you in the first place . ( beat ) how about dinner one night this week ? Lucy 's expression tell we that she find Max charming , in a incorrigible sort of way . lucy you be cute , Max . max I know . it 's so ' eighties . ' ( open she car door for she ) it 's the cute decade . 69 ext . outside the cave / lobby - close on michael be ear - 69 night as Star pierce it for he . michael ouch . STAR do not be a baby . that do not hurt and you know it . a drop of blood appear on she finger . she react , restrain herself from taste it . quickly she wipe it off and insert a earring in he ear . he look more like the lose boy every minute . the ocean crash against the rock below they . the moon and star be out . michael I would not have give my Mom such a hard time about move here if I would know I be go to meet you . STAR I use to fight with my family all the time ... just get feed up and run away . michael now you and David ... STAR no . they have make I one of they , but I miss my family . michael let 's go see they . STAR no ... no , everything 's different now ... she get up and walk toward the water . Michael stop she and , pull she toward he , kiss she , lean against the white rock . STAR ... Michael ... before she can say anything else he kiss she again . the kiss become more passionate -- more intense . suddenly long dark shadow loom across they . they turn to see David , dwayne , Paul , marko and laddie watch . david not interrupt anything , I hope . Michael get to he foot . he glare at David . STAR ( indicate Michael 's ear ) look . david you be almost one of we now , Michael . michael I be my own man . david ( smile ) get you bike . we be go someplace . Michael look at Star . david do not worry ... she will be here when you get back . Michael hesitates , but be also draw intensely to be a part of they . he leave with the other as they climb over the rock toward they bike . laddie have remain behind . laddie I have the dream again about they . STAR who , laddie ? laddie I know it be they , Star . I be sure of it . he be work in the yard -- hammer something . the yard be big with lot of grass . there be no boardwalk and no ocean . she be bring he something cold to drink ... and have red hair . ( beat ) I be there , too . and a dog -- but I do not know its name . I be run and the dog be chase I . then I turn around and chase the dog . they be watch I . drink they cold drink and laugh . and I be laugh , too . STAR laddie ... you can still remember . you can still remember home . laddie it be a dream , Star . STAR no , laddie . it be a memory . the sound of the bike firing up . STAR you do not tell David ? laddie no. just you . STAR promise I you will keep it that way . you be not like the other , laddie . you be like I . ( pause ) I can still remember , too . she hold he as Michael and the lose boy roar across the beach into the darkness . laddie you like Michael . STAR I like Michael . laddie ( sweet , fearful ) you better not like he too much . as young as he be , Star know he 's right . 70 ext . railroad trestle - night 70 the trestle span a deep gorge , obscure in fog . the boy arrive on they motorbike . david perfect time . they climb from they motorbike as David walk onto the trestle . michael what 's go ' on ? david ( smile ) what 's goin ' on , marko ? marko I dunno . what 's goin ' on , Paul ? paul who want to know ? david Michael want to know . the lose boy laugh . Michael look irritate . he watch as Paul , marko and dwayne climb below the trestle , hold on with they hand and allow they body to dangle over the fog-shroude gorge . david now you , Michael . Michael hesitates . david do it , Michael . now ! Michael summon he courage and climb down . David follow he . 71 angle beneath the trestle 71 all five boy hang on . the fog billow up beneath they . Michael start to look down . then , a rumbling be hear in the distance . Michael notice the look of excitement in the eye of the other boy . a passenger train be approach . it 's whistle blows . the trestle begin to shake . a look of terror come into Michael 's expression . david hang on !! the train thunder across the trestle overhead , only a foot or two above they . the roar and the noise be tremendous . the heat . the smoke . the dust . the boy grimace and hold on for dear life . then , Michael react in horror as : paul release he grip and fall , disappear into the fog below . then : marko fall . follow by dwayne . only David and Michael remain . David shout over the din of the pass train . david let go , Michael ! let go ! Michael can not believe what he 's hearing . he 's scared out of he wit . david do it ! David let go with one hand , cling on with the other . david do it , Michael !!! David let go . he drop from sight ; vanish into the fog below . michael sweat stream down he face . the final car of the train pass overhead and the noise begin to fade . then Michael hear : laughter from the fog below . lost boy Drop , Michael . let go ! it 's safe ! come on ! do not be such a baby ! they whistle and cat call and do everything they can to goad he on . all the while invisible in the darkness below . Michael let go . he drop into the fog . his eye widen with fright -- but -- for a moment he be buoyant -- suspend in mid-air -- float ! and then ... he drop . with a whoosh . like dead weight . the wind rushing around he ear . he lose consciousness . david catch he in he arm . david almost . 72 int . michael' bedroom - day 72 the shake be draw and the room be dark . Sam rush in . SAM Michael , wake up ! it 's Mom ! Michael stir . michael Mom 's home ?... SAM no . on the phone . Michael glance at the clock . it 's two in the afternoon . michael oh , shit ... he fumble for he sunglass . find they and put they on . then he pick up the phone by he bed . Sam notice how long Michael 's fingernails be . SAM Michael ... be you freebase ? inquiring mind want to know ! Michael give Sam a hostile look , then speak into the phone . michael hi , Mom ... intercut between Michael and Lucy 73 int . video store 73 lucy Michael , be you still in bed ? michael no. I be up . lucy Michael , will you do I a favor this evening ? will you stay home with Sam tonight ? I be meeting Max for dinner after work . michael ( very unsympathetic ) I watch he all day . the only time I have more myself be at night . let grandpa watch he . lucy grandpa have plan of he own . ( firmly ) Michael , I want you to do this . everybody have be bend over backwards for you . you come home late . you sleep in to the middle of the day -- Sam be always alone . you do exactly what you want ... tonight do what I want for a change . Michael be silent on the other end of the line . lucy okay ? michael ( sweet self ) okay . Michael hang up the phone -- then notice he grow fingernails . 74 int . bathroom 74 Michael step into the shower stall and turn on the water . he let it beat against he . suddenly , he ex - pression turn to one of pain . the water burn . he reach for the handle , turn down the hot , turn up the cold . it still burn . he turn the hot completely off . the cold water burn ! he jump from the shower in alarm . 75 ext . grandpa's house - establishing - night 75 76 int . kitchen - grandpa's house - night 76 Sam slap together a couple of bologna sandwich . grandpa walk in wear a suit and tie . he begin to bang around through the kitchen cupboard . grandpa anything in here that might pass for after shave ? Sam locate a bottle of windex . grandpa examine the bottle , squirt a little onto he hand and smell it . then splashes it on . grandpa thanks . Michael enter look draw and tired . he still wear he sunglass . grandpa be startle by he appearence but say nothing about it . michael Big date , grandpa ? grandpa ( slyly ) just drop off some of my handiwork to the ' widow ' Johnson . michael ( nasty ) oh , yeah . what would you stuff for she ? Mr. Johnson ? grandpa give Michael a look of displeasure . grandpa see you later , boy . grandpa go out the door . SAM ( to Michael ) that be not funny . 77 ext . grandpa's house - night 77 grandpa drive away from the house in he pickup truck . 78 int . kitchen ( continuous ) 78 SAM I be make you a sandwich . michael do not bother . Sam glance at Michael 's ear . SAM lose the earring , Michael . it 's not happen . it 's just not happen . michael piss off . SAM ( very pleasantly ) you have such a great personality , Michael . you should open you own charm school . headlight beam begin to shine in the kitchen window , move rapidly from one to the next . michael what 's that ?... 79 int . the live room 79 as Michael arrive in the live room he can hear loud mumble whispering . headlights flash across the window curtain , accompany by the unmistakeable roar of motorbike engine -- as if they be go around the house . the whispering grow louder . it seem to be say " Michael , Michael , Michael . " he go for the front door . SAM do not open it ! the roar of the engine continue from outside . he reach for the doorknob . SAM no !! Michael throw open the door , and -- nothing . the front yard be empty . but a blast of cold air rush into the house and a weird echoing sound rever - berate across the sky . a low ground fog be roll in as well . Sam and Michael look bewilder . SAM weird . Michael close the door and lock it . his face be ashen . 80 ext . restaurant - night 80 Lucy pull up to the restaurant in she land Rover . Max pull up immediately behind she in he sport car . he jump out , hurry over to Lucy 's car and open the door for she with a galant flourish . 81 int . SAM and michael' bathroom - night 81 Sam be in the tub . nanook be curl on the rug . a radio be blasting rock music . Sam lip synching to the music , use soap and water to sculpt he hair into a variety of punkish style . he 's lose in the music , enjoy this activity immensely . 82 int . the kitchen - night 82 Michael go to the refrigerator for some milk . then Michael abruptly buckle over in pain . he drop the milk carton to the floor , where it burst OPEN . he straighten up , see the mess he 's make and go to the pantry for a mop . 83 int . the pantry 83 Michael find the mop -- but be then hit by another wave of pain . he grab he stomach and double over . as he lift he head , this be what he see : the wall of the pantry begin to breathe ! Soup can puff out and suck in . preserve seem to come alive . the light bulb expands . the floor ripple . Michael 's heart begin to pound . blood surge through he vein -- cause they to bulge and ripple . 84 close on michael' mouth 84 as he tooth begin to extend -- cut he gum . 85 int . restaurant 85 Lucy and Max have some wine before order dinner . max the video store be a big success . wait will you see the one I be open in Los gato . the waiter arrive . waiter ready to order now , sir ? lucy ( to Max ) I will just have the fillet of sole . max no you will not . ( to waiter ) we will start with caviar . ceasar salad and you two biggest lobster . ( indicate empty bottle of wine ) this wine as nice , but now I think some dom perignon . waiter very good , sir . the waiter depart . Max be not get the expect reaction from Lucy . max not impressed , be you ? lucy ohm I would have be ... one marriage ago . Max can not help but smile . max so , I have meet the one woman on the planet who 's go to hold my success against I . lucy you seem like a terrific guy , Max , and I be grateful for the job ... max but I do not think it 's what you really want to do , be it ? lucy I guess if I have my choice , I would like to do something that involve child . work with kid in some way . teenager , maybe . ( beat ) and Santa carla seem to be full of they . max yeah . runaways , mostly . they come from all over . attract by the boardwalk and the ocean . Lucy ... listen I know I have no right to ask you this ... but do not look for another job just yet ... I mean besides be the best employee I have ... I think you be cute . lucy I hear this be the decade for cute . 86 int . SAM and michael' bathroom 86 Sam continue to listen to rock blasting as he create another hair style for himself . 87 int . staircase 87 Michael appear in the shadow . his vein have return to normal , but he be possess by a strange calm . Michael begin to ascend the stair . we hear the sound of he heartbeat . Michael reach the second floor landing and move slowly down the hallway toward the bathroom door . his heart pound even louder in he chest . 88 int . bathroom 88 Sam be in the tub . music blaring . sculpt he hair . 89 int . hallway 89 Michael stand outside the bathroom door . his heart pounding in he chest . his face white as snow . he reach for the doorknob , then withdraw he hand . a battle be raging within he . 90 int . bathroom 90 nonook raise he head and begin to whine . 91 int . hallway 91 Michael have he back press against the bathroom door , fight he urge and desire to enter . loud , pounding heartbeat ! 92 int . bathroom 92 Sam , unaware of nanook 's nervous behavior , disappear under the water to rinse he hair . nonook sit up and howl -- and Michael burst in ! Michael and nanook lock eye . nanook begin to growl softly . a deep , primordial growl of warning . close on michael his lip peel back , revealing he tooth . nanook lunge at Michael , propelling both of they into the hallway . the door slam shut behind they . 93 SAM 93 surface for air , hear a tremendous fight go on in the hallway . thudding , banging , growling and howling . tumble downstairs follow abruptly by silence . 94 int . hallway 94 Sam step cautiously into the hallway . it be dark . SAM Michael ? be you there , nanook ? no response whatsoever . Sam swallow hard and begin to walk down the hallway . then -- he hear heavy breathing and stop in he track . he look down the dark staircase . SAM Michael ? michael ( softly ) do not turn on the light . Sam turn on the light -- and scream ! 95 michael 95 be huddle at the bottom of staircase , he face and hand cover in blood . SAM what happen , Michael !? michael nanook ... SAM what about nonook ? what have you do to nanook ?! what have you do to my dog , you asshole ?! michael nothing ! I do not hurt he . he bit I ! this be my blood ! Michael show Sam the gash across the palm of he hand . Sam react . nanook appear protectively beside Sam . SAM what do you to do he , Michael ? why do he bite you ? michael he be protect you ! Sam be shocked to hear this . but get a even great shock when he look at the mirror in the hallway . he gasp out loud . michael what ?? SAM look at you reflection in the mirror !! Michael look , be startle to see that he be nearly invisible . SAM you be a creature of the night , Michael ! just like the comic book ... you be a vampire , Michael ! my own brother -- a godamn shit -suck vampire ! ( beat ) wait will Mom find out ! Michael look confuse and bewilder . he move toward the staircase . SAM stay back ! stay back ! he make a cross with he finger and run for he room . 96 int . sam' room 96 Sam and nanook dash in as Sam lock the door and the bath - room door . he scramble for the comic with the frog ' number on it . 97 int . michael' bedroom 97 Michael walk in wear a daze expression . he flop down on he bed . 98 int . comic book store 98 hiding the phone and the conversation from the clientele , the frog walk to Sam . edgar you do the right thing , call we . do you brother sleep a lot ? 99 int . sam' bedroom 99 intercut between Sam and frog . SAM all day . alan can not stand light ? SAM wear sunglass in the house . edgar bad breath ? Long fingernails ? SAM his fingernails be longer , but he always have bad breath . alan Salt stick to the bottom of he foot . SAM yeah . alan he 's a vampire alright . edgar get yourself a good sharp stake and drive it through he heart . SAM I can not do that ! alan why not ? SAM he 's my brother . alan you better get a garlic T-shirt , buddy . edgar or it 's you funeral . click . the frog hang up . Sam look even more worried than before . 100 int . michael' bedroom - close on michael 100 something be happen , but we can not tell what . yet we feel the distinct sensation of movement . bang . Michael 's nose make contact with a hard white surface . it 's as if something be press down on he . camera pull back and we realize that Michael be float above he bed ! completely weightless . gravity -free . the white surface be the ceiling . Michael look scared and confuse . he 's out of control . float aimlessly near the ceiling like a helium balloon . he want desperately to get back down . he try to maneuver himself toward he bed . he grab hold of the blind cord . but the window be open and Michael 's foot float out -- and the rest of he soon follow . 101 int . sam' bedroom 101 the phone ring . Sam jump and grab it . SAM hello ! 102 int . restaurant 102 Lucy on the phone . she hear the panic in Sam 's voice . lucy Sam . be everything all right ? SAM Mom . I think we have get to have a long talk about something ? lucy what 's wrong ? tell I . SAM we can not talk about it on the phone . then Sam see Michael float in mid-air outside he bedroom window . SAM oh , no ! oh , God ! he 's come to get I ! Mom !!! Lucy hear this . she drop the phone and run from the restaurant . another part of the restaurant the waiter arrive at Max 's table with two huge lobster dinner and more dom perignon , just as Max see Lucy jump into she land Rover and burn rubber away from the restaurant . Max be totally confuse . 103 ext . grandpa's house - night 103 Michael rise into the night sky as far as the cord will allow . 104 int . sam' bedroom 104 Sam back away from the window with a terrify expression . Michael be bob helplessly in the air outside the window . he 's yell something but we can not hear what it be . then , Michael 's foot crash through the window and we hear : michael help I ! Sam -- help I ! I be you brother ! SAM be shake back into reality by Michael 's cry . he put he fear aside and act on instinct to save he brother . he rush out of he room and into : 105 michael' bedroom 105 where he be greet by a chill wind that blow in through the open window . Sam almost have to fight he way toward the window , that 's how strong the wind be . but he get there and begin to reel Michael back inside . as Michael climb back inside , he immediately anchor himself to the bed with the blind cord . michael we have get to stick together , Sam . you have get to help I . SAM what about Mom ? michael no ! we can not tell Mom ! ( beat ) please , Sam . do not tell she . SAM I do not know , Michael . this be not like break a lamp or get a ' D '. michael just for a few day , Sam . give I a chance to work this out by myself . 106 ext . grandpa's house - night 106 Lucy speed up in she land Rover . she practically jump out before the car have come to a full stop . she run into the house . 107 int . the house 107 Lucy rush in to find Sam walk calmly down the stair . lucy Sam ! what happen !? you have I scared to death . be you all right ? SAM sorry , Mom . it be a mistake . I think I see something out the window . ( beat ) I be read this horror comic and I guess I go a little carry away ... Lucy look at he with a good deal of skepticism . lucy where 's Michael ? SAM he 's already go to bed . 108 int . michael' bedroom 108 Michael lie on he bed , totally freak out . 109 int . the restaurant 109 the maitre ' D be on the phone . maitre ' D I be very sorry . but he be no longer here . in the b.g. we see that the table once occupy by Max and Lucy we now empty . 110 int . the kitchen 110 Lucy be on the phone with the restaurant . lucy well , thank you , anyway . she sigh to herself and hang up the phone . then she cast a weary glance at the spill milk carton on the floor next to the refrigerator . she grab a dish towel and begin to mop up the milk , place the rupture carton on the counter in the process . camera move in close on milk carton : we see a picture of laddie on the carton 's side . and the bold letter that exclaim : missing child ! 111 int . lucy bedroom 111 Lucy enter the bedroom . Sam come in right behind she , buttone p.j.s SAM can I sleep in here with you tonight ? lucy in here ? SAM do you mind ? it be a real scary comic . lucy okay . ( sniff ) have you be eat pizza ? you smell like garlic . 112 ext . grandpa's house - night 112 all the light be out . fantastic song begins . 113 int . lucy bedroom - night 113 Lucy & Sam sleep . we hear the distant sound of a motor - bike drive off , Sam 's eye blink wide open . 114 ext . road near house - night 114 Michael speed away on he motorbike . he see approach - ing headlight -- decide to pull off and kill he engine . then , grandpa drive by in he pickup truck return from the widow Johnson 's . song continue . 115 int . cab of pickup truck 115 grandpa be sing merrily to himself as he drive . 116 ext . the road 116 Michael wait for grandpa to pass , then roar off in the opposite direction . 117 ext . boardwalk - night 117 Michael travel the length of the boardwalk on he bike . every attraction and booth be shut down for the night , and the place be desert . bonfire burn on the beach . song continue . 118 ext . cliff - night 118 Michael arrive at the cliff where the lobby / cave be locate . no one be there . he decide to enter the cave . 119 int . lobby / cave - night 119 Michael enter . the place be desert . michael Star ? he wait for a reply -- but there be not one . now Michael notice and empty bottle of wine -- the same " wine " he drank before . he smell the bottle and recoil . it smell of blood . song continue . Michael hurl the bottle across the lobby where it crash against the wall and shatter . 120 various image 120 begin to rush through he mind . the motorbike " rave - up " on the beach . 121 another image 121 drink blood from the wine bottle . 122 another image 122 the ear-pierce ritual and kiss with Star . 123 another image 123 the " trestle - hang " episode . 124 back to michael 124 as the image fade , Michael find himself stand in the far corner of the lobby . something belong to Star let he know that this be where she sleep . song continue . he sit down on the bed , and soon he be curl up , fall - ing asleep . dissolve to : 125 some image we have not already see 125 Michael and Star together . she 's on the back of he bike , she arm tightly - wrap around he waist . they be speed along a moon - light beach -- or some equally romantic location . Michael be as happy as any young man have the right to be . song continue . dissolve to : 126 ext . the cliff - near dawn 126 firt light begin to show in the sky . 127 flying Pov 127 speed across the ocean , head for the cave . much noise . whistling wind . flapping wing . whispering . song continue . 128 int . lobby / cave 128 Michael be curl up on Star 's bed . the noise sweep into the cave on a cold rush of air . Michael stir . he hear voice . then look up to see Star come to lie next to he . michael Star . I have to talk to you . Star do not respond . she 's fall right to sleep . Michael try to awaken she . michael I have to talk to you . please wake up . STAR have to sleep . have to sleep , Michael . michael when ? STAR tonight . at the boardwalk ... she almost do not get the last word out before fall back to sleep . Michael get to he foot and stagger away from Star 's bed . he notice laddie sleep nearby . but there be no sign of the other lose boy . song end . 129 ext . grandpa's house - morning 129 Michael drive up on he Honda . he approach the house . Lucy be on the porch , drink coffee . lucy hi. Michael nod and keep walk . lucy what 's the matter , Michael ? be not we friend anymore ? he stop . michael ( mumble ) sure . lucy do that mean we be , or we be not ? michael we be ... lucy then let 's act like friend . let 's talk . I know this be a new place , and -- Michael begin to roll he eye impatiently . lucy -- if there 's a girl , we could talk about she . michael ( move away ) I be tired now . lucy wait a minute , kiddo . michael Mom ... please . Michael head into the house . Lucy tug on she own ear - lobe to indicate Michael 's earring . lucy we have not even get around to this yet ! Michael walk into the house without say another word . Lucy look frustrated and concerned . 130 int . the kitchen 130 Sam be at the table eat breakfast and read a vampire comic . grandpa be pour a cup of coffee . the two brother exchange a look , but say nothing . grandpa look like I be not the only one get lucky last night . Michael do not reply . he glance down at the comic that Sam be read . insert - vampire comic book a very bloody draw of a vampire be stake through the heart . michael walk away look ill . 131 ext . impressive house , santa carla - morning 131 Lucy and Sam pull up in the land Rover . SAM that it ? Lucy check the address she have write down . lucy yeah . not bad , huh ? Lucy reach for a wine bottle with a note attach as she get out of the Rover . lucy a apology for run out on Max last night ... actually you should be make this apology . 132 another angle 132 she try the main gate , but find it lock . lucy I better leave this on the front porch or someone 's just go to take it ... she climb over a low portion of the fence . Lucy approach the house . she see thorn sleep on the porch . lucy hi , thorn ... suddenly , unexpectedly ... thorn attack ! leap to he foot -- charge from the porch -- growl - ing viciously -- ribbon of saliva trail from he mouth . lucy turn and charge back toward the fence . SAM jump from the car . SAM Mom !! lucy drop the wine . it smashes on the sidewalk . she just make it safely over the fence , as ... thorn crash into it -- bend the bar to conform to the contour of he head . thorn reel back , stunne -- but find he foot and begin to bark at Sam and Lucy . SAM come to he mother 's side . SAM you okay , Mom ? Lucy have skinned she knee landing on the sidewalk . but she be more shake than hurt -- and she feel very foolish . lucy I be okay , Sam . I be okay ... 133 ext . boardwalk - day ( later ) 133 Sam and the frog walk toward the beach with they comic . edgar we have be aware of some very serious vampire activity in this town for a long time . alan Santa carla have become a haven for the undead . edgar as a matter of fact , we be almost certain that ghoul and werewolve occupy high position at City Hall . they sit on the boardwalk step . SAM I have something to tell you guy . ( pause ) not only be my own brother show system of be a vampire ... but now I be convinced my mother 's dating one ! edgar that be very probable . what 's you reason ? SAM well ... he only show up at the store after dark . and today , he dog attack my mom . ( whip a comic from he back pocket ) listen to this . from vampire everywhere ... ( he read ) ' vampire require a daytime protector -- a Guardian -- to watch over they as they sleep . for it be during the day that the vampire be most vulnerable . since they hold sway over animal , fierce dog -- the hound of Hell -- be often employ for this purpose . ' the frog be completely convinced . edgar I tell you that comic would save you life . suddenly greg and the surf Nazis appear and grab they comic . in a flash they tear they to shred and sprinkle the piece over they head onto the sand . the frog and Sam be enraged as the surf Nazis walk off laugh to themselves . edgar I wish they be vampire so I could nuke they in they heart . SAM how do you know they be not ? alan they would not be out in the daytime . SAM exactly how many vampire have you actually destroy ? edgar all together ? alan Zero . Sam look at they like they have be put he on . edgar hey , just because a Marine have not see combat , do not mean he still be not a Marine . let 's check out you mother 's boy friend . they leave as camera focus on shred of vampire comic in the sand . 134 ext . grandpa's house - evening 134 135 int . michael' bedroom 135 Michael be get dress to go out . more and more he be look like one of the lose boy . 136 int . the kitchen 136 Lucy be make dinner . grandpa sniff the pot . grandpa smell good . when do we eat ? lucy I tell Max eight o'clock . grandpa Max ? you man we be have company again ? lucy ' again ' ? dad ... you have not have company in this house since Mom die eight year ago . grandpa right . a ' now we be have company again . I will take mine to go . Michael enter . lucy Max be come for dinner , Michael . I would like you to meet he . michael can not . get plan of my own . lucy there 's only three week leave of summer , Michael . thing be go to change around here when school start . michael gotta go , Mom . 137 int . the live room 137 Michael head for the front door . he open it to find Max just prepare to ring the bell . max hey . how ya doin ' ? Michael , right ? michael yeah . Max ... right ? a awkward silence as Max just stand there . max you be the man of the house , Michael . I be not come in unless you invite I . Michael think this be rather strange , but shrug it off . michael come in , come in . I be invite you . max thank you very much . Max step across the threshold -- but be surprised to see Michael continue out the door . michael see ya . 138 ext . the house 138 Michael take special note of Max 's sport car as he get on he bike . he think it 's pretty cool . 139 int . the kitchen 139 Max enter , surprising Lucy . max hello . Lucy jump . max be it okay for the guest to see the food before the dinner ? lucy you be think of the groom not see the bride before the wedding . max oh , right . I always get that two confuse . he follow she into : 140 the dine room 140 the table be set . Lucy set down the bread . Max come up behind she , put he arm around she waist and nuz - zle she neck . she turn she face to he . Max be about to kiss she when : SAM Mom ... Max and Lucy look to see Sam stand there with the frog beside he . SAM this be my dinner guest . Edgar and Alan . the frog Brothers . lucy ( throw ) ah ... I do not know you be have guest ... SAM well if we be in you way we can just eat peanut butter out of the jar in the kitchen . lucy no , no ... there 's plenty for everybody ... oh , Max , this be Sam ... and the frog Brothers ... she look they over strangely but the frog and Sam only have eye for Max . 141 int . the dine room - night 141 everyone be seat around the dinner table . Edgar and Alan concentrate on Max 's behavior . Lucy serve spaghetti from a large plate . max this look terrific , Lucy . lucy Boy ! somebody areound here sure have bad breath ! the boy all look directly at max . but Lucy mean nanook who be on she case . lucy nanook , stop breathin ' on I . SAM c'mere , nanook . the frog exchange disappointed expression . Sam indicate Max 's large plate of spaghetti . SAM how about a little Parmesan cheese on that ? max okay , Sam . thanks . Max take the container and sprinkle some of the grate cheese onto he spaghetti . Sam and the frog exchange a conspiratorial look . Max take a mouthful of spaghetti and nearly spit it out . lucy Max ! what 's wrong ? max it 's garlic !! I like garlic , but ... he sputter . SAM Quick -- drink some water ! Sam intentionally spill a glass of water onto Max 's lap . max hey ! easy ! he jump from he seat , try to mop up the spill with he napkin . SAM do it burn ? max burn ?? be you kid ? it 's freezing ! lucy Max , I be so sorry . then , very casually , Edgar lean back in he chair and flip off the light . the room go dark . lucy oh , no . now what ? SAM must be a circuit breaker . we hear scuffling of feet , chair moving , people bumping into each other in the dark . edgar ( in a whisper ) he 's not glow . SAM ( whisper ) hit the light again . and when the light come back ... Sam be hold a mirror to Max 's face . startle at be confront unexpectedly with he own reflection , Max yell . Sam and the frog all look into the mirror -- annoyed to see that Max be produce a reflection . lucy Sam ! what 's get into you tonight ?! Max get up from the table . max I think I know what 's go on here . edgar you do ?! max sure . I understand what you be think , Sam . but you be wrong . SAM I be ? max yeah . I be not try to replace you dad ... or steal you Mom . I just want to be you friend . Sam look a little shame - face . but not the frog . Lucy follow Max to the : 142 entryway 142 lucy I be really sorry , Max . max we bat average be not very good be it ? so far we be zero for two . lucy I do not understand Sam . he 's just not like this . max boy Sam 's age need a good deal of discipline , or they walk all over you . lucy ( defensively ) he do not walk all over I . max ( sweetly ) I do not want to fight with you , Lucy . come on . let 's give it one more try . ( beat ) dinner at my house , tomorrow night . I be cooking . 143 ext . boardwalk - night 143 Michael be look for Star , but he chance upon the lose boy instead . David have he back to he . Michael come up behind he and spin David forcefully around . michael where be she ?! david hey , take it easy . michael where 's Star , David ?! david if you ever want to see Star again , then you better come with we . David get on he bike . Michael be force to follow . 144 ext . wood - night 144 the motorbike pull up and park . everyone climb off and begin to climb the high tree . David wait to be last . he gesture for Michael to climb . michael what be this , David ? david you be one of we , now -- be not you ? Michael hesitates . david you will never see Star again if you be not . Michael look at David for a beat , then begin to climb the tree . David follow he up . 145 camera rise over the tree top 145 to reveal greg and the surf Nazis camp in the distance . they have a fire go . they be drink beer and smoking dope and laugh with they girlfriend . the lost boy watch they from they vantage point high up in the tree . what happen next happen fast . it 's confusing and dis - orient . much be suggest , but little be show . 146 another angle 146 the lose boy swoop out of the tree and attach the surf Nazis . mostly , we just hear the noise and see shadow . the surf nazis react in horror and confusion . camera find greg run into the water . David attack viciously . david hey , dude . my beach , my wave . 147 michael 147 stay behind in the tree . he witness the attack , but do not join in . from the expression on he face , we know that it be a horrible spectacle to behold . he turn he face away . he look like he want to puke . sweat bead up on he forehead and the color drain from he face . his breathe become heavy and he heart begin to pound powerfully in he chest . the vampire in he take over and as the lose boy shout he name , he feel compel to join they , but he resist with all he strength . daze and frighten , he try to escape down the tree . all the while the SOUND of the vampire massacre continue in the distance . he slide gasp and sweat onto the forest floor . for a moment , he just lie there look bewilder . then : silence . the attack be over . approach footstep crush leave and SNAP twig . Michael wait , unable to move . and ... the lost boy emerge from the shadow wear eerie , satiate expre - sion , they eye glow dimly . they approach Michael . david no you know who we be , Michael ... and who you be , too . David 's expression be calm and reassure . david you will never grow old and you ' will never die . ( pause ) but you must feed . Michael glance in horror toward the direction of the surf Nazi attack . David , Paul , dwayne , and marko walk off . 148 int . sam' bedroom - night 148 all be dark . camera be close on a pair of beady eye which now reflect the open of the bedroom door and the entrance of a human form . it come closer . SAM Michael ..? Sam turn on the light -- and we see that the " beady eye " belong to one of grandpa 's mount owl . SAM I wish he would stop give I this thing . Sam open the closet , we see about a half - dozen other mount creature on the shelf . he toss in the owl . michael I know everything . then : from outside the window -- STAR Michael ! Michael ! Sam and Michael go to the window and look out . Star be stand in the yard , in the moonlight . SAM it 's that girl from the boardwalk . be she one of they ? michael I do not know . STAR I have to talk to you . can I come up ? michael okay . Michael turn from the window , race out the door into the hallway . he be about to go down the stair when : SAM she 's one of they ! Michael turn -- and see Star stand in the bedroom doorway . she have obviously fly up and Sam be freak . michael do you know where David take I tonight , Star ? do you ?! STAR yes ... and I be to blame for it . if you have not meet I ... if I have not like you ... I try to warn you ... michael that night in the cave -- that be not wine they give I to drink ... it be blood ! David 's blood . ( beat ) I be one of they , Star ! I be just like they ! STAR not yet ... you be like laddie and I ... half -vampire ... you be not a full vampire until you have make you first kill ... you be suppose to be mine ... but I could not , Michael . michael why not ? STAR because I love you ... michael then it 's not too late for we ... STAR it 's not too late for you to be save ... but each night ... it become harder and harder for I to resist kill ... michael I know , I have feel it ... STAR I be weak ... soon I will need to feed . Sam gulp as Michael kiss she . Star sense something and get frighten . STAR David 's look for I ... I have to go . michael you be not go anywhere ... ( turn ) Sam ... in a wink , Star be go ... out the window . we do not even see she leave . Michael and Sam lean out after she . michael Star . SAM ( call after she ) do not kill anybody until we get back to you ... Sam go for the phone . michael who be you call ? SAM the Marines . 149 int . live room - next morning 149 Sam open the door and the frog enter . edgar okay . where 's nosferatu ? edgar the Prince of darkness . alan the nightcrawler . the bloodsucker . edgar El vampiro . SAM ( shouting ) they be here Michael , come down here ! Michael come down the stair look weak and fragile . Dark glass perch upon a ashen face . edgar this guy look more like a zombie . Alan reach into he backpack and pull out a sharpen stake . alan should I run he through ? edgar I have only get one question for you , and I want a honest answer . have you take any human victim yet ? michael of course not ! edgar if you be tell the truth , it mean we can save you . SAM he 's tell the truth ! ( beat ) be not you , Michael ? edgar to free you , we must destroy the leader of the vampire . michael David . edgar I do not want name ! just lead I to he . where 's they nest ? michael I will take you there . alan you can barely stand up . besides ... we can not trust you . you be practically one of they . Michael grab Edgar by the arm . michael I say , I will take you there . nobody 's go near Star without I . edgar okay , okay . Michael release he grip . Edgar rub he arm . edgar vampire have such rotten temper . 150 ext . grandpa's house - day 150 we be far out in the field as grandpa put in fence post from the back of he pickup . he turn as he hear he prize chevy squeel backward out of the garage . Sam lean out of the car yell . SAM grandpa , okay if we borrow the car ? before he can answer , the car shoot off toward town . 151 ext . santa carla STREET - middle of town - day 151 the chevy pull up to a stop sign -- then do not move . 152 int . the chevy 152 this be why : Michael have fall asleep at the wheel , he chin touch he chest . a car behind honk . Michael wake up a continue drive . Edgar warn Michael . edgar just so you know : if you try to stop we , or vamp - out in any way , I will stake you without think twice about it . SAM chill out Edgar . 153 ext . cave / lobby entrance - day 153 the chevy pull up a park . everyone pile out . the frog wear knapsack in which they carry flashlight and stake . michael down there . the frog charge ahead down the old stair . Michael seem to stumble . Sam support he . michael Sam ... if something happen to I . if I do not have the strength to go on , promise I you will not let they hurt Star . Sam swallow hard -- overwhelm by the possibility of such a responsibility . 154 int . the lobby / cave - day 154 Edgar and Alan step into the lobby and look around with wide - eye wonderment . a moment later , Michael and Sam come up behind they . Sam be also amaze by what he see . edgar there 's get to be a sleep chamber around here someplace ... as they search for the entrance to the sleep chamber , Michael go to the spot where he know Star will be in the far corner of the lobby . Michael bend down to she . she look like a sleep angel . he shake she gently . michael Star . you be come with I . she open she eye -- be surprised to see he , but hardly have the strength to show it . STAR Michael ? he look around , see a long hood cape drape on the bed . michael you have get to put this on . STAR take laddie . michael huh ? STAR save laddie first . Michael glance over to where laddie be sleep . Star 's eye beseech he . Michael give in to she wish . he begin to wrap laddie ( who do not awaken ) in a blanket . 155 another part of the lobby 155 Alan have find something and call Edgar and Sam over . he 's point to a open in the top of the grate elevator . alan feel it ? feel the draft ? Edgar shine a flashlight up there . edgar it 's a open , all right . let 's try it . somebody give I a boost . 156 ext . the cave - day 156 Michael emerge from the cave with a bundle laddie in he arm . the sun beat down . laddie awaken . he look around with uncomprehend eye . Michael adjust the blanket to keep the sun off laddie 's face . Michael stagger up the old stair . 157 int . tunnel within the cave 157 Sam , Edgar and Alan have all enter the tunnel via the elevator and now make they way down its long , dark length . fly begin to buzz around . Sam try to swat they away . edgar we be on the right trail . fly and the undead go together like ham and egg . Alan pull a can of bug spray from he backpack and spray the air . Sam cough . 158 ext . cave - day 158 Michael arrive at the chevy with laddie in he arm . he open the back door and place laddie on the seat . laddie remain sound asleep as Michael make certain that he face be cover and away from the sun . then , turn away from the car , he head back toward the cave . it be obvious that he be become extremely exhaust and rapidly lose strength . 159 int . cave tunnel 159 Edgar , Alan and Sam be freeze in place with mouth hang open . we do not know why until the camera pan down and we see : skeleton of dead hotel guest , kill in the earthquake . they still wear they period clothes . one hold a suitcase . one wear the bellman 's uniform . the boy summon they courage and continue on . 160 int . lobby / cave 160 Michael return for Star . he look awful . Star reach out and touch he hand . Michael wrap she in the hood cape and lift she . 161 int . the tunnel 161 the boy reach the end of the tunnel where a large open await they . a bite cold wind blow through the open and fly buzz angrily . SAM what 's that smell !? edgar vampire , my friend . vampire . they step through the open into a small cavernous area . 162 int . pitch black area 162 sharp , jag rock formation protrude up from the chamber floor . a network of web and mossy vine hang from the ceiling . somewhere in the distance be the hollow SOUND of dripping water . the boy pan they flashlight across the scene -- but find no one . 163 ext . cave - day 163 Michael carry Star towards the car . he be weaken . his leg buckle and he sink to he knee . Star 's hood fall back revealing she face . Michael find inspiration in she beauty and struggle to he foot , lurching toward the chevy . 164 int . pitch black hole 164 Sam and the frog find nothing until they shoot they flashlight beam upward . and what they see cause they heart to skip a beat . the lost boy hang upside down from the ceiling like great human bat . David be in front , with the other behind he . on SAM , edgar and alan SAM I think they would be in coffin . edgar that 's exactly what this place be . one great big coffin . ( start to climb ) let 's stake them . david' eye roll open . yellow and glassy . his voice be from hell . the whole cave shake . david you be all dead ! you 're dead meat ! the boy scream and run for they life . they scramble down the rocky ledge . they cause such a commotion , that the other lose boy open they eye one by one -- glow red in the darkness of the chamber . 165 the tunnel 165 the boy run through the tunnel , past the hotel guest skeleton . 166 lobby / cave 166 they dash across the lobby . 167 ext . cave 167 they scramble up the stair toward the car . SAM Michael ! start the car ! 168 ext . bluff 168 they arrive to find Michael pass out beside the car . Sam and the frog shove Michael into the front seat . SAM I will have to drive ! alan we do not ride with vampire . SAM Fine ! stay here ! Sam hop in behind the wheel . the frog look back toward the cave , exchange a look , and decide to make a exception just this once . they leap in . 169 int . the chevy 169 Edgar get in front next to Michael . Alan get in back next to Star and laddie . they find it very distasteful to be this close to vampire . Sam turn the ignition and the car fire up . hesitates . edgar come on . burn rubber . Edgar stomp down hard on the gas pedal . 170 ext . hudson' bluff 170 the chevy rocket backwards toward the cliff . Sam stomp on the brake . tire screech . the car come to a skid stop in a cloud of dust -- its back fender hang precariously over the cliff . 171 int . the chevy 171 SAM burn rubber do not mean warp speed ! int . the chevy - traveling ( later ) alan we blow it , Edgar ! we lose it ! edgar shut up ! alan we unravel in the face of the enemy ! edgar they pull a mind -scramble on we , man ! it be not we fault ! they open they eye and talk ! SAM ( look in the rearview ) oh , no ... edgar what ? SAM there 's a cop behind we . alan Quick ! look older ! Sam give Alan a look . edgar this be all we need ! to be catch drive without a license ... and in the possession of vampire ! Michael 's head slump against Edgar 's shoulder . Edgar push he away -- and Michael awaken . SAM Michael ! get behind the wheel . michael huh ?... alan they be gain on we ! SAM ( to Michael ) you gotta drive ! as the chevy barrel down the highway , Sam and Edgar assist Michael into the driver 's seat . there be some pretty dangerous climb go on in the front seat -- and for a moment it appear that no one have actual control of the car . alan Red light !! Michael , Sam and Edgar look up to see the stoplight . the chevy rush toward it . SAM brake , Michael ! brake ! Michael -- act very dopey -- finally hit the brake . but Sam must take control of the steering wheel because Michael 's hand keep slip off . 172 the police car pull up beside they 172 the cop look over at the chevy with a good deal of suspicion . edgar they be look at we . alan they be gonna book we . SAM ( to Edgar and Alan ) shut up . ( to the cop ) uh ... excuse I ... which way to the punk rock Festival ? we be the open act . the cop just smile and shake they head in dismay . the light change , and the cop speed off . everyone in the chevy breathes a deep sigh of relief . 173 int . grandpa's house 173 all enter . Michael carry Star in he arm . Sam and the frog carry laddie . as they approach the stair , nanook come racing up to they , barking loudly . SAM no , nanook ! quiet ! edgar you dog know flesh - eater when he smell them ! nanook continue to bark . michael take he outside , Sam ! Sam grab nanook by the collar and lead he away . the other begin to climb the stair -- when grandpa appear . grandpa Michael ! everyone freeze in place . grandpa look the over . they must certainly be the most curious group of people he 's ever see go up the staircase . grandpa ( to Michael ; continue ) do you know the rule about fill the car up with gas when you take it without askin' ? michael no , grandpa ... grandpa well , now you know . grandpa depart . it take a moment to register , then everyone hurry up the staircase . 174 int . upstair hallway and bedroom 174 Edgar and Alan watch from the hallway as Michael make Star and laddie comfortable on he bed . Sam come up the stair , look into the bedroom , then turn to the frog . SAM well ... we blow plan A. alan time to activate plan B. SAM what 's plan b? edgar we do not have one yet . ( look at he watch ) and we only have two and a half hour to come up with one . SAM what happen in tow and a half hour ? edgar the dun go down and they will be comin ' for we . 175 ext . a santa carla church 175 the sun begin to sink behind the archway cross . camera pan down to find Sam and the frog charge in on they bike . they drop they , run up the step into the church . 176 int . vestibule of church 176 the boy enter . a christen be take place within the church , but nobody notice as the frog pour the holy water from the bowl near the doorway into they canteen . 177 ext . the boardwalk - the ocean 177 the sun begin to set . 178 int . video store 178 Sam enter and go run up to Lucy . SAM Mom ! listen to I ! this be very important ! Santa carla be crawl with vampire ! Lucy react . a customer look over at Sam . Lucy take Sam aside . lucy what do you say ? SAM vampire , Mom ! everywhere ! you have get to tell the police ! the newspaper ! the tv station ! they will listen to you . they will believe you ... you be a mom ! lucy not funny , Sam ! SAM this be not a joke . they know that we know about they . they be come to the house as soon as it get dark ! lucy stop it , Sam . stop it right now ! SAM but , Mom ... lucy not another word ! I can not believe you be do this . I be go to see Max tonight and you be try to ruin it for I again . SAM no , I be not ... lucy there 's nothing wrong with Max . I do not know why you do not -- SAM ( explode ) -- I be not talk about Max ! to hell with Max ! Lucy react . more customer look over . Sam wince . lucy I will deal with you later , young man . 179 ext . video store 179 Sam emerge from the store . the frog be wait for he . SAM we be on we own . Edgar and Alan exchange a look . alan good . edgar that 's just the way we like it . 180 int . grandpa's work room 180 Sam come in to find grandpa work on one of he mount animal . SAM grandpa , the widow Johnson call . she say to pick she up a seven instead of eight . grandpa ( confuse ) do we have a date tonight ? SAM I guess so . she say not to be late . grandpa I better get clean up , then . 181 ext . grandpa's house - few minute later 181 grandpa take off in he pickup truck as the sun sink lower . montage sequence 182 Michael lock door and window , board some up . 182 183 Sam prepare bowl of garlic in the kitchen . 183 184 the frog pour some holy water into a full bathtub . 184 185 they fill water gun with holy water . 185 186 Edgar and Alan supply camouflage makeup use a photo 186 in soldier of fortune magazine as they guide . 187 int . michael' bedroom 187 Michael go to the window . it look as if he strength be return . he pull back the curtain and look out . he have a commanding view of Santa carla . the sun have just drop below the horizon . Michael turn to laddie and Star who begin to stir from they rest place on the bed . Star and Michael exchange a anxious expression . STAR they will be come for laddie and I , will not they ? michael they will be come for all of we . then Michael go to he closet and take out a very serious - look hunt bow and arrow quiver . 188 ext . max's house - evening 188 Max open the door to Lucy and usher she in . max maybe this be the night where everything finally go right for a change . lucy I hope so . Max pick up a note of concern in Lucy 's voice . max something the matter ? lucy no , no . just worry about my boy -- as usual . max ( get she some wine ) let I tell you something about boy . they be like weed . they grow best when they be ignore . lucy ( take the wine glass ) I think you say they need discipline ? max well ... what do I know ? I be a bachelor . ( pause ) Lucy ... this be go to be a very special night , I promise you . he start to go , but she stop he . he look confuse , then see what she have in mind . she kiss he on the lip . it last a long time . 189 int / ext . the cave - nightfall 189 190 the lost boy ' Pov 190 exiting the cave , and suddenly ... we be fly ! over the ocean over the beach over the boardwalk over the town 191 int . max's house 191 Max and Lucy be kissing passionately on the sofa when a distant noise be heard in the sky overhead . Lucy notice , but Max be too involved to hear anything . thorn , however , sit up and begin to howl . 192 int . grandpa's hosue - the live room 192 Sam , Michael , Edgar , Alan , Star and laddie be assemble for final instruction . Sam and the frog carry load water gun . Michael have he bow and arrow . edgar I think I should warn you all : it 's never pretty when a vampire busy it . no two bloodsucker ever go out the same way . some scream and yell . some go quietly . some explode . some implode . but all will try to take you with they . Michael and Sam exchange a look . then , nanook begin to bark from outside . SAM nanook ! I leave he tie up in the yard . Sam rush to the door . edgar do not go out there ! stop he ! michael Sam , do not -- 193 ext . grandpa's house 193 Sam race across the lawn in the moonlight toward nanook , tie up near grandpa 's vegetable garden . ext . vampire Pov - flying over the tree top move toward grandpa 's house far in the distance . Sam can be see run toward nanook . ext . the yard Sam reach nanook , who be now barking frantically . Sam try to untie he . have difficulty with the knot . ext . vampire Pov rushing in toward Sam and nanook . ext . the yard Sam frees nanook . the two of they run toward the house . ext . vampire Pov sweep in toward the yard . Sam run below . close on SAM dash toward the house as vampire sound fill the air behind he . vampire Pov now skim over the grass -- speed toward Sam and nanook . get closer ... closer ... closer . SAM arrive at the door . run into the house as : vampire Pov have door slammed in its face . 194 int . the house 194 Sam lean against the front door , totally out of breath . everyone be relieved to have he back safely . then ... dwayne explode from out of the fireplace ! everyone scream . dwayne fly across the room kick Michael in the face . Michael go down as dwayne grab Sam and lift he into the air . Star grab laddie and rush he up the stair to safety . Alan and Edgar swat baseball bat at dwayne -- dwayne , mid-air above they , still have Sam by the arm . but Sam use he free hand to draw he water gun and spray dwayne in the face . dwayne fall and crash into the stereo , turn it on . loud rock music begin to blast . 195 int . sam' bedroom 195 Star hide laddie under the bed . she notice that the bedroom window be not close . she move to close it when it explode in she face and : paul fly into the bedroom . Star scream . 196 int . live room 196 the boy hear Star 's scream . the frog rush up the stair . dwayne bellows in protest -- and a beam of light shoot out from he mouth . Sam continue to squirt he in the face . the water burn he eye , blind he . enrage , dwayne become a disgusting and hideous sight with flash fang and purple face . 197 int . upstair hallway 197 the frog and Star collide in the hallway . STAR it 's Paul ... edgar where ? STAR I do not know where he go . Edgar glance around . notice that the boy ' bedroom be on one side of the house and Lucy 's be on the other . edgar ( to Star ; indicate Lucy 's bedroom ) check that room ! ( to Alan ; indicate Sam 's bedroom ) you take that one . Edgar take Michael 's bedroom himself . 198 int . michael' bedroom 198 Edgar cautiously enter the room -- water gun draw . the bathroom door open behind he and Paul quietly step out . he look as horrible and nasty as dwayne . his face evil and rotting . his fingernails long and sharp . Paul bare he fang . they be yellow and bloodstain . he be about to sink they into Edgar 's neck when Edgar sense he presence and spin around . edgar ( startle ) ahh !! Paul lunge , but Edgar squirt he in the face with holy water . Paul yell and scream and flail he arm , but Edgar continue to squirt and squirt , drive Paul back into the bathroom . 199 live room 199 dwayne grab Sam and be just about to gouge out he eye when : michael duck , Sam . Michael , recover , release a arrow . it whooshes through the air and sink into dwayne 's throat . dwayne roar in horror and pain . so loud be he cry that window shatter and light bulb pop . then , as if illuminate from within , dwayne 's body begin to glow . it crackle with electrical energy . hiss and fizhes . then vanish from sight . 200 int . bathroom 200 Edgar shoot holy water as Paul back into bathroom . edgar Alan ! Alan ! I be almost out of ammo !! Sam and Michael 's bedroom be connect by the bath - room . Alan hear Edgar 's cry and enter the bathroom from Sam 's side , come up behind Paul . Alan see the bathtub fill with holy water and have a idea . he get down on he hand and knee behind Paul . Edgar catch on and head - butt Paul , knock he back - ward . Paul trip over Alan and fall into the tub with a splash . the water burn ! Paul scream and kick . the water turn to a frothy pink and yellow foam -- boil up , spitting , and shoot into the air like a geyser . Alan and Edgar jump back . and in a moment ... Paul be go . 201 ext . roof 201 shoot through the roof . 202 live room 202 Michael and Sam be about to run upstairs when : marko crash up through the window in front of they , block they path . Michael and Sam leap back . then , Michael look up -- just as : david ! crash through another window . hover in the air directly overhead ; he back press against the ceiling . Sam and Michael react as David swoops down on they -- fang expose ; claw extend . the boy leap away , but David 's claw rake across Michael 's back , tear he shirt and draw blood . marko smashes the live room lamp and the room go dark . marko and David -- glow dimly -- soar around the room like bat . marko and David enjoy the superiority of the air , but Michael have have enough . sense he own ability to fly , he leap into the air and speed toward David . Sam look astonished ... and marko catch he off-guard . he scoops he up and fly he into the kitchen . Michael 's fly be not pretty . he tumble awkwardly through the air . but he aim be good . he collide with David in mid-air . Michael ricochet across the room and David be propel in a new direction as well . the two of they careen from wall to wall like racquet ball . 203 int . michael' bedroom 203 Edgar and Alan , still flushed with they victory over Paul , sit on the bed re-loading they gun with holy water . alan do you see that sucker burn ?! edgar man , we totally annihilate he night -stalkin ' ass ! alan two down and two to go . edgar ( very serious ) four to go . alan whattaya mean ? edgar that two we bring back with we . the girl and the kid . I do not trust them . I say we terminate ' they while we can . alan you know what ? you be absolutely right . laddie still hide under the bed be listen to every word the frog utter . he begin to transform upon hearing the frog ' plan . his " human " eye roll back into he head until he " vampire " eye -- glow red slit -- take they place . laddie open he mouth and a beam of light shoot out . his fang begin to descend ... popping he brace off . Edgar 's and Alan 's ankle dangle temptingly before he . return to scene edgar death to all vampire ! alan maximum body -count . edgar we be awesome monster - basher ! alan the meanest ! edgar the baddest ! the frog be about to exchange another self - congratu - latory high - five when ... the mattress begin to erupt between they . it bulge and heave and ... laddie rip through it ! bedcover be shred and mattress stuff and spring explode into the air . laddie have transformed into the ugliest , meanest little vampire imaginable . Alan and Edgar scream at the top of they lung and leap away from the bed in terror . laddie virtually pull the mattress apart , climb away and advance on the frog who cower in the corner like the scared child they be . Star rush in , see what 's happen , and step between laddie and the frog . STAR laddie ... no . the frog be amaze to see Star fearlessly put she arm around laddie like a comforting mother and calm he down . and laddie return to normal before we astonished eye . 204 int . the kitchen 204 marko advance toward Sam . nanook growls . Sam throw anything he can get he hand on : plates , toaster , cup , silverware , etc . they bounce harmlessly off of marko 's head and chest . marko continue to advance . Sam grab the kitchen fire extinguisher and sprays foam into marko 's face . but it do not stop he . marko 's long , serpent 's tongue slip out of he mouth and clean the foam from he face . marko just keep come . he open he mouth revealing a blind beam of light and long , jag fang . he rush toward Sam who grab a round wooden napkin ring and jam it into marko 's mouth . the ring prop marko 's mouth open and offer a convenient open through which Sam begin to stuff entire garlic clove . marko 's eye blaze . 205 int . the live room 205 David and Michael continue they aerial dog-fight . Michael look like he 's get the worst of it . David get the edge on he . he come up under Michael , grab he by the waist and continue to fly upward until Michael 's head bang against the ceiling , knock he unconscious . Michael drop to the floor . 206 int . the kitchen 206 as marko struggle to remove the napkin ring from he mouth , and nanook bite he ankle -- Sam continue to stuff garlic down marko 's throat . suddenly , marko start to swell up like a balloon . get - ting bigger and bigger , until he face nearly disappear into a puffy , purple ball . SAM nanook ! he 's go to burst ! Sam and nanook turn away as marko explode o.s. and gooey green slime be splatter over the kitchen . Sam barely have time to savor the thrill of victory before something grab he by the back of the neck and yank he into the air . it 's David . he fly out of the kitchen with Sam . 207 into the live room 207 up the stair down the hallway 208 into michael' bedroom 208 where he hurl Sam across the room . Star , laddie , Edgar and Alan be there as well . David point he index finger ... and a ribbon of flame shoot out -- like a welder 's torch . everyone fearfully step back . David " draw " a wreath of flame around the window and the door ... sealing everyone inside . but he exit ... 209 int . the live room 209 Michael regains consciousness in time to see David approach he . david just you and I now , Michael . one on one . fight to the finish . Michael get slowly to he foot , never take he eye off David . david it 's over , Michael . you be the only one leave . they be all dead . Sam and Star , too . all dead . Michael do not believe he -- but he look worried . then , David attack . he leap at Michael ... and the fight be on ! Michael grab a wooden hat rack and swing it like a bat . it connect with David 's head , but David be unphase . Michael swing again and David catch the hat rack , yank it from Michael 's grasp and snap it in two as if it be a twig . Michael charge . they tumble through the air , fight fiercely . crashing from one room to the next . 210 through the dine room 210 211 through the kitchen 211 212 into the back porch 212 213 int . upstair bedroom 213 where everyone be trap . Sam and Edgar have they ear press to the floor , listen to the fight below . 214 int . back porch 214 Michael and David slam each other into wall . finally , David pick up Michael 's chest and propel he back - ward , two foot off the ground , back -- 215 through the kitchen 215 216 through the dine room 216 217 into the live room 217 where David trap Michael against the wall , the barbell press against he neck . david give up , Michael ! you be one of we . do not you understand that ? you be one of we ! Michael do not listen . he struggle , but can not free himself . david do not make I kill you ! 218 int . upstair bedroom 218 SAM we have to help he ! edgar how ?! we can not get out ! STAR ( after a moment ) I can . everyone look at she . Star turn toward the burn door , contemplate go through it . close on STAR we realize that for she to go through the door she must allow a bit of the vampire in herself to surface . a subtle change come over she ... and she open the burn door and walk through it without harm . Sam , Edgar and Alan exchange a look , then put they ear to the floor again . 219 int . the live room 219 David press hard against the barbell . the weight sink into the wall and the bar itself begin to crush Michael 's throat . STAR ( o.s. ) leave he alone ! David turn to see Star stand behind he . she hold the point , break hat rack in she hand . David release he grip on the barbell . they fall to the floor . so do Michael -- hold he throat and gasp for air . david you can not kill I , Star . STAR ( tremble ) I will , David ! david no , Star . put it down . put it down . Star 's resolve begin to crumble . we realize that she be incapable of kill David . he begin to approach she . michael David ! David spin in Michael 's direction . somehow , Michael have summon up a hide reserve of strength . he hold the barbell in he hand . michael catch ! he push the barbell through the air toward David who catch they instinctively . but they weight carry he backwards -- directly into the point end of the break hat rack that Star hold . david ahhhhhh !! the hat rack enter he back , pierce he heart , and exit through he chest . David scream and bellows and pull out the stake . Light pour from the hole in he body like a brilliant searchlight . then David fly up and hit the ceiling -- still howling and yelling and sparking like a Roman candle . then -- like a balloon lose its air -- he begin to deflate and rocket around the room on a wild , spin flight . Star and Michael duck to avoid be hit . David be head toward the ceiling . 220 int . upstair bedroom 220 Sam , Edgar and Alan have they ear press to the floor when suddenly , David explode through the floor only inch away -- and keep travel upward , exploding through the bedroom ceiling as well . 221 ext . grandpa's house - night 221 David crash through the roof of the house and disin - tegrate high in the night sky -- like a shoot star . 222 ext . upstair bedroom 222 Sam and the frog look at the hole in the floor , then look at the hole in the ceiling ... then see the wreath of flame around the door and window blow out and die . they rush for the door . 223 int . the live room 223 Sam , laddie and the frog come down the stair to see Michael hold Star in he arm . all be silent . and slowly they realize that they have triumph . edgar ( to Michael ) you destroy David . his hold on you have be release . Sam notice that Michael , Star and laddie do not look pleased . SAM what 's the matter ? michael I ... I do not feel any differently . ( to Star ) do you ? Star shake she head , no . they look at laddie . he also shake he head , no . edgar that mean we still have not destroy they leader . 224 ext . santa carla STREET - night 224 grandpa 's pickup rumble down the street . 225 int . the live room 225 headlights sweep across the front window . SAM someone 's here . everyone look toward the door -- and Max and Lucy enter . they stop dead in they track . lucy ohmygod ... SAM Mom ! lucy what happen ? be everybody all right ?! Michael and Sam do not know what to say or where to begin . then we notice that Max wear and expression of pure anguish . max where be my boy ?... everyone look confuse . max where 's David ? where be the other ?! Sam , Michael , the frog , laddie and Star know what Max be talk about , and they react in horror . but Lucy be still in the dark . lucy Max ... what be you talk about ? max it be all go to be so perfect , Lucy . one big happy family . my boy ... and yours . edgar I know it ! you be a vampire ! lucy ( softly ) vampire ?... SAM but you pass the test ! max Michael invite I in . never invite a vampire into you house . it render you powerless . SAM what ?! ( to Edgar ) do you know that !? edgar sure . the invitation protect they . Sam glare at Edgar . as if to say , thanks for nothing ! lucy will somebody please tell I what this be all about !? max it 's you I be after all along , Lucy . to be we day time guardian . I know if we could bring Sam and Michael into the faimly , there would be no way you could say no . Max peel back he lip revealing he fang . Lucy jump . max I still want you , Lucy ... I have not change my mind about that . Max advance toward Lucy . he be the meanest , nastiest , foulest , oldest vampire of they all . and all the evil and depravity that dwell within he soulless be now manifest itself in he ghastly appearence . everyone scream . he move toward Lucy . yellow eye flash . fang descend below he jaw . skin rancid . breath foul . Michael step between Max and he mother . michael I do not invite you in this time ! lucy Michael !... michael get out , Mom ! run! Max roar and everyone be knock to the ground and hold there by the sound . everyone but Michael , that be . he alone be leave stand to face Max . 226 outside house 226 grandpa arrive home . 227 inside house 227 Max scoff at Michael . max come on , boy . come and save you mother . Michael and Max do battle . Michael be brave , but fool - ish . he do not have a chance . holding Michael by the ankle , Max spin he over he head . Michael hit against the wall and the bannister , snapping off the rail one by one . then , Max release he and Michael sail across the room and land in a heap . exhausted and defeat . 228 window - grandpa watch 228 229 back to scene 229 Max smile to himself , reach down and pull Lucy to she foot . prepare to sink he fang into she neck . she struggle to get away . max do not fight . it 's so much better if you do not fight . he lower he head to she neck . Lucy look over he shoulder , see something through the front window . with all she strength she push away from Max , and ... 230 grandpa's truck 230 smashes into the front of the house in reverse . the truck stop , but the fencing material in the truck 's bed do not . several large fence post crash through the picture window ... slice through Max 's body like knife through butter ! Max roar in protest and in pain . the force of the impale propel he backwards into the fireplace where he body become a vortex , draw into it all that surround it . it sound like the rushing of the wind as furniture , drape , carpet , etc . be suck into the space that be once occupy by Max 's body . Lucy , Sam , Star , laddie and the frog hold on to one another for dear life , lest they get suck in as well . Michael , too weak to save himself , go by -- but Star and the frog be able to grab hold of he . nanook also find himself be suck in . but Sam grab he by the tail and hold he back . everything else that be not nail down ( and some thing that be , like floorboard ) disappear into the swirl vortex . 231 ext . the house 231 grandpa , from he truck , look up at the chimney and see the vaporized content of he house be spew high into the night air . 232 int . the live room 232 Max 's own head and limb be consume in the vacuum , and the vortex being to subside . silence . lucy everybody okay ? everyone be able to get to they foot now . Sam see Max 's drive cap on the floor . he pick it up and toss it into the now die vortex . Michael and Star trade joyful expression . michael it 's go . I feel it ! STAR so do I ! they look at laddie . laddie I , too ! Michael hug Star . michael everyone account for ? grandpa enter from the front yard . he survey the scene , then , step over the debris , head into : 233 the kitchen 233 and go directly to the refrigerator . he pay no attention to the mess or the gooey green slime that coat the wall . he just open the door and take a diet root beer from the second shelf . he pop the top , take a long swallow and lower the can . grandpa ( to himself ) the one thing about livin ' in Santa carla I never could stomach ... ( beat ) all the damn vampire . 234 ext . the lobby / cave - night 234 the place be desert . camera prowls . then , one by one , kide begin to arrive . at first we do not recognize they . but then we realize they be : the runaways who Lucy give food to ... Maria from the video store ... a couple of surf naxis ... ( and perhaps other . ) they be here to take up where the lose boy leave off . camera push past they , toward the old mural paint on the lobby wall . the mural depict a typical day on the boardwalk in the year 1900 . camera move closer and closer to the mural . and hold tight on one paint figure in particular : a man in a straw hat . he 's grin broadly ... and he 's most definitely Max . end