Rev. 3/25/92 ( Blue ) Rev. 4/03/92 ( pink ) the distinguished gentleman write by marty Kaplan hollywood picture production revision 500 South buena vista burbank , CA 91521 March 17 , 1992 ( 818 ) 560-3370 the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 fade in : 1 a flash of light 1 a radiant shiny something dazzle in extreme closeup . begin title . camera very slowly pull back . the sparkling surface turn out to be a lot of carat . we see the stone , then the ring , then suddenly , in b.g. , something huge sweep by . reveal a mechanical claw above the ring , hang from a crane . the ring sit in a sea of tiny doll , joke eyeball , and other carnival junk . the claw descend on the ring again and again , sometimes catch it for a moment then tragically drop it -- accompany by oohs and aah ( o.s. ) of hope and disap - pointment . intercut with the hand of a young black man work the control . the eye of a young black woman watch he work . another guy 's hand digging in he pocket for change . quarter go into the slot . man' voice ( o.s. ) this will never work , Tommy . tommy ( o.s. ) be positive , armando . course it will . the claw inadvertently snag a rabbit 's foot . tommy ( o.s. ) look . see what a lucky fuck I be ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) he do not mean the ring , hon , he mean the whole plan . tommy ( o.s. ) so do I . the claw catch the ring and close on it . quick cut of they face as the crane rise . a very pretty lady . a beefy latino with a two - day beard . they apprehension . Tommy 's confidence . then he exceptional smile . he get the ring . 2 int . penny arcade - day 2 tommy okay -- one down , one to go . ( return to the claw ) you get quarter , Loretta ? end title . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 2 . 3 ext . florida luxury HOTEL - day 3 Palm tree . the smell of money . valet in foreign legion khakis greeting arrive luxury car . 4 int . HOTEL function room - day 4 a big crowd of guest at a cocktail reception . a lot of lime jacket , cherry trousers , and blue hair . people wear name tag . on Tommy , in pastel bow tie and full waiter drag , con - firming order for a group of guest . he speak in a prissy , over -solicitious voice : tommy that 's a diet ginger ale , a extra - spicy virgin mary no salt , a club soda -- good choice -- a lime rickey , and a bourbon and a planter 's punch . five people , five drink ... it 's kismet ! Tommy turn away , look toward the entrance to the room . 5 int . lobby - day - close shot - the ring 5 glitter on Loretta 's finger . loretta , stun in designer clothing and accessory , enter . her look attract look . 6 int . function room - day 6 Tommy , maintain he vantage point , repeat another order , this time in a heavy carribean accent : tommy that 's a vodka tonic , a pellegrino , lime and no ice , a gin Gibson straight up with ex - tra onion -- I be also fond of de onion -- and a chardonnary spritzer ... also with extra onion -- no , no , do not worry , that be just a little joke . there will be no onion whatsoever in you spritzer ! he laugh hugely , rather amused with himself . the guest be not . guest you do not need to write it down ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 3 . 6 continued : 6 tommy Mr. memory ? do not make I laugh ! he laugh hugely , turn , take two step away and make absolutely no effort to get they drink . he look toward the door . 7 int . hallway / entrance to function room - day 7 Loretta approach the function room , where pert debbie , wear a johnson for congress button , staff a feel - cover table . on a nearby easel , a photo of a silver - haire man with a legend in blue and gold : jeff johnson . the name you know . loretta ( eurotrash accent ) I be not too late , be I , dear ? ( extend a hand ) hello , darling , alma Preston , how be you today ? debbie thanks for come , Ms. Preston , I be Debbie bartle . ( consulting a list ) do we have you check yet ? Loretta pull a mont blanc pen and a checkbook from she bag . loretta no , honey , I do not think you do , we just get in last night from we place in Barbados -- how much be it ? debbie five hundred a person . Barbados ? loretta ( write ) yes , we be just down the beach from Mick Jagger and Jerry . ( look up ) you would not turn down a couple of thousand , would you ? a pleased smile from Debbie . Loretta open the check - book , flash the immense ring in front of Debbie . debbie um , that 's a lovely ring . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 4. 7 continued : 7 loretta oh , thank you . I think it might be a little gaudy ... who should I make this out to ? debbie Johnson for Congress . it 's not gaudy , it 's just ... nice and big . loretta that 's my carlos ... I can not even look in a store window . we be walk down this street in Rio , we pass a jewelry store ... I do not even turn my head and he 's in the shop ... ( hold up ring ) ... $ 250,000 . I say it 's crazy ... but you know carlos . debbie I wish I do . on Tommy watch Loretta . a Guest stand just behind Tommy -- wear mrs . zeke bridge name tag -- watch jeff johnson gladhand the room robustly . mrs . bridge I hear they have he open for six hour . zeke , a very fat cigar -smoker , marvel at Johnson 's appearance . zeke ( chuckle ) the sum ' bitch look terrific . Tommy , eavesdropp , join Zeke 's chuckle , which unfor - tunately turn into a wheeze and then a cough . Zeke turn to Tommy . zeke how about take we order , son ? tommy absolutely my friend ! how can I pleasure you ? zeke bourbon straight up and a perrier rock for the lady . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 5 . 7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 tommy ah ! Fire and ice ! wonderful ! but may I suggest you make that a double sir ? after all , so many guest , so few of I -- who know when I may be back ? zeke sure , why not . at the entrance loretta pause before go into the room . loretta you know where the powder room be , hon ? I should freshen my face before I go in . debbie it 's just over there . on jeff johnson with he well - groom wife , vera , and a barrel - chest man in full resort wear , wear a olaf andersen name tag . johnson so how the heck be you , olaf ? andersen I should be ask how you be , congressman . Johnson pat he chest and smile at Vera . johnson this old ticker never feel better . andersen it 's good to see you back on you foot , Jeff . we need you in Washington . inconspicuously , a pretty young redhead whisper to Vera . this be jennifer , Johnson 's administrative Assistant ( he aa ) . vera johnson how 's that granddaughter of yours , olaf ? ready for the Olympic ? andersen she will be thrilled you ask after she . 8 in the hallway Loretta emerge from the lady ' room ... 8 catch a spike heel ... recover she balance ... then frantically search she hand and clothes , scream , and get down on hand and knee . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 6 . 8 continued : 8 loretta my God ! my God ! oh my God ! Debbie rush over to she . debbie what 's the matter ? loretta ( hyperventilate ) my -- my ring . my diamond . I take it off in the lady ' room to wash my hand . I be just put it on -- I must have drop it . debbie ( get down ) let I help you , we will find it . loretta call Security ! 9 in the function room Tommy maintain he watch on 9 Loretta . Zeke bridge tap Tommy on the shoulder . zeke hey , what about we drink ? Tommy instantly assume a angry young STREET black voice : tommy yeah ? what you want ? zeke what ? you already take we order . tommy that be not I ! you must be think of jamal . I be Karim . what you want ? zeke bourbon straight up and a perrier rock . tommy ( snort derisively ) hunh . he walk two step ... and once again make no attempt to get the drink . Zeke return to Jeff Johnson . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 7 . 9 continued : 9 zeke do not get I wrong , Jeff . pyramid insurance do not want special break . I just think we ought to be able to set we own rate without uncle Sam stick he nose in we business . Johnson signal Jennifer to come over . johnson do you know my aa ? Zeke bridge , this be Jennifer , my administrative Assistant . Zeke 's be a tremendous help to we . I would like you to listen to he view on health insurance . jennifer I would be very happy to . zeke at pyramid insurance , we call we approach the patient 's Bill of rights . 10 in the hallway Loretta and Debbie be on hand and 10 knee , still look . a pair of shoe come into frame . they look up at a bullet -headed man . bruno Ms. Preston ? bruno handler , hotel security . loretta my ring ! my ring ! oh my god ...! bruno now just calm down , ma'am ... can you describe the ring ? loretta it 's a diamond ring ! a big diamond ring ! oh my Christ ! she 's frantic . Debbie take bruno aside . debbie I see it . it 's huge ... it must be like eight carat . she say it be a quarter of a million dollar ! bruno turn back to Loretta , try to calm she . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 8. 10 continued : 10 bruno ma'am ... calm down . now , be the ring insure ? loretta of course it 's insure ! but you know how it work -- if I report it , they will cancel I . and I do not want another ring ! I need this ring ! the ring carlos give I . bruno turn , speak into the walkie-talkie he 's carry . bruno where the fuck be housekeep ? I call for that dickhead ninety second ago . 11 in the function room the guest have gather to hear 11 Johnson speak . as andersen introduce he , Tommy con - tinue eyeing Loretta . andersen now I will not run through Jeff 's record -- he 's be in Congress twenty year , and I have only get two minute . I will just say this : when that of we in pharmaceutical , or agribusiness , or insurance , or ( indicate himself ) utility , or you name it -- when we have need he , Jeff 's be there for we . and we have be there for Jeff , too -- we raise a hundred thousand dollar today ! ( applause ) without further ado , we man in Washington , jefferson Davis Johnson . 12 in the hallway Debbie hear the applause ( o.s. ) . she 12 get up . debbie I should be in there . good luck , Ms. Preston . I hope you find it . she leave . Loretta , mascara smear , get up , as do bruno . loretta I can not go in there like this . god! please ... listen ... I will pay a ten thousand dollar reward for anybody who find my ring . just do not tell carlos ! ( suddenly grim ) he will kill I . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 9 . 13 in the function room , as Johnson take question , Tommy 13 slip out . questioner what do you make of all this campaign reform business , Jeff ? johnson well , y'know Ernie ... this day , everyone 's down on the political action committee and so-called special interest . but , heck , I think you and Fran have a right to participate in we democracy in exactly the way you be do today . I be in Congress to represent you . I do not want any so-called reform to take that power away from you . 14 applause ( o.s. ) . in the hallway bruno issue order to 14 two maintenance men. bruno I want every heating grate open and inspect . I want every air conditioning duct vacuume . do you understand what I be say ? as he speak , bruno sees Tommy pass through the hallway ... spot something on the floor ... pick it up ... furtive - ly put it in he pocket ... and walk rapidly toward the door to the kitchen . bruno ( run after he ) hey , you ! waiter ! hold it right there ! bruno put a arm on Tommy . Tommy instantly assume a frantic , wimpy , craven persona , along wth he carribbean accent . tommy no! please ! do not report I ! I will be deport ! bruno calm down . what have you get in you pocket ? tommy I tell the CIA everything ! I agree to poison the pineapple ! my green card be in the mail ! ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 10 . 14 continued : 14 bruno Stow it ! I be not Immigration , I be hotel security . now , what do you just put in you pocket ? tommy nothing . bruno I be warning you , flathead , get cute with I and I will tear you a second asshole . now a valuable diamond ring be mise ... tommy valuable ? we can almost see the light bulb click on above bruno 's head . bruno very valuable . all right , I will give you a hunnert buck for it . tommy a hundred and five ? bruno snort agreement , go for he wallet ... Tommy go gor the ring ... then suddenly leap back in a cringe ! tommy no ! it 's a trick ! you will call I a thief and send I back and the Security Police will make I stand on my head in the guano pit ! I have see such thing on CNN ! bruno snap and grab tommy by the collar . bruno Jesus , I be not try to trick you ... tommy no , no ... it be a trap ! I must turn this over to police . he start to leave . bruno grab he . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 11 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 bruno listen , dipshit ... a valuable ring be miss and there 's thousand of dollar in reward money wait . so you would better fork over ... tommy how big be this ... reward ? another lightbulb . bruno um , five hundred dollar . tommy you say ' thousand . ' bruno yeah . right . a thousand dollar . tommy no , no , no ... you say thousand . with a ' S '. this be plural . this mean " two or more thousand . " bruno ( deep sigh ) okay , you win . two thousand . tommy or more . two or more . bruno 's have enough -- he grip tighten around Tommy 's neck . tommy just make a point . 15 in HOTEL lobby at the cashier' desk bruno slide a 15 check to the cashier , who count a stack of bill . bruno pick up a house phone , dial . 16 int . HOTEL room - day 16 armando , still unshaven , answer the ringing phone . armando hello ? intercut with bruno in the lobby . bruno hello , may I speak with Ms. Preston ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 12 . 16 continued : 16 armando she 's in the bathroom . this be carlos . can I take a message ? bruno ( smile to himself ) no , thanks , I will call back . armando hang up the phone and exit the hotel room . bruno cross to the far side of the lobby , where Tommy wait inconspicuously . he give he the money . Tommy give he ring . bruno now get back to work ! as Tommy head back to the function room , bruno pick up a house phone , dial , listen . he dial again , listen . no answer . he dial the operator . bruno this be bruno in Security . put I through to 502 -- there must be something wrong with the line , I can not get a answer ... what do you mean , there 's no one in 502 ? I just speak to they !... no one 's register in 502 ? be you sure ?... well , check again !... shit ! he hang up , look at the ring , and realize he 's be take . his face twist with rage , he hurry after Tommy . 17 on tommy moving swiftly through the function room toward 17 a exit . Zeke bridge grab he . zeke hey ! where the hell be we drink . surprise , Tommy opt for a east indian accent . tommy I remember ... you be the sloe gin fizz and the mango daquiri ? with perhaps a small umbrella for the lady ? zeke bourbon neat and a perrier , dammit ! tommy and would you still be want the umbrella then ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 13 . 17 continued : 17 as Zeke 's face flush in anger , Tommy sees bruno come into the room , blood in he eye . Tommy turn sharply and head out the terrace door to the -- 18 ext . courtyard - day 18 Tommy conceal himself behind a pillar , across the court - yard , away from the guest . but from another direction , Johnson and andersen approach , arm in arm , and sit on a bench by the pillar . johnson olaf , there 's something I want to sound you out on . as a special friend . andersen shoot . Tommy move away from the pillar , see bruno roam the terrace , and retreat . johnson I be think of retire from Congress . andersen 's eye widen in astonishment . andersen you be what ? johnson I be think maybe I will not run . maybe I should listen more ( indicate he heart ) to this . really appreciate this year . sail around the world . climb mountain . enjoy the finer thing of life . andersen Jeff . listen to I . you can not retire . Florida need you . I need you . I need you on rate . I need you on regulation . I need you on that environmental nutcase -- johnson olaf , if I retire this year , I get to keep all the money leave over in my campaign treasury . come to a very tidy nest -egg . andersen how tidy ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 14 . 18 continued : 18 johnson one-point- three million . ( chuckle ) it 's call the grandfather loophole . bruno have go . but Tommy stay . his eye light up at the money . andersen come on , Jeff . look at what you would be give up . go to the best resort in the world and call it " official business . " golfing and ski and fishing , and never pick up a tab . and , Jeff -- there 's no aphrodisiac like power . you can have some of the most intelligent , attractive woman in the country . you have get it make ! johnson oh , I suppose that one-point - three may seem like spare change to the head of Gulf Coast power , but to a country boy like I -- andersen okay , Jeff . I get it . look . there 's a little software company that 's about to go through the roof . Johnson smile at the direction the conversation be take . on Tommy also smile , in admiration at the transaction go down . andersen a few thousand worth of stock option would stand to make you quite a pile . as long as you blind trust busy they , you be clean -- the SEC can not shake a stick at you . half a million , easy -- and that 's just a start . johnson well , if you put it like that ... I now see I have a duty to continue my career in public service . Johnson stand , put he arm on andersen . Tommy emerge , shake he head , and laugh . tommy I be in the wrong business . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 14a . 19 ext . bait shack - day 19 a ramshackle bait shack , paint peel , on the inland waterway . at the rear of the shack , armando shoot hoop into a tatter net . Loretta , back in jeans , look at she watch . a bondo-patch econoline van pull up . Tommy jump out , big smile . he give Loretta a energetic round of applause . tommy the best li'l roper in America ! but she do not want the charm . loretta you take you time . armando cop bust you , Tommy ? tommy busted ? moi? fuck no . he pull out the wad of bill . they face brighten considerably . tommy that look like bust ? 20 ext . capitol - night 20 Washington , d.c . the illuminate dome of the Capitol . 21 int . congressional office - night 21 camera roam the well - hang wall . from the photo and memorabilia , we realize that we be in the office of rep. Jeff Johnson . in the reflection on the frame , we glimpse some movement on the desk explain the considerable breathing and moaning ( o.s. ) . johnson ( o.s. ) oh my God . oh my god. oh my ... but then a strange gurgling sound ( o.s. ) escape from Johnson . johnson ( o.s. ) ... god. a silent beat . then a horrify cry . Jennifer rise into frame . jennifer oh my god ! the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 14b. 22 int . church - florida - day 22 the congregation be singing . we see the widow Johnson . at she side , in the aisle seat , a powerful man with bushy eyebrow , about 60 , in a three - piece suit and watch chain : congressman dick dodge . the hymn end . dodge step up to the pulpit . dodge it be my honor to serve in Congress with Jeff Johnson for a generation . no one could have be a better legislator . no one could have be a finer husband and father . and now -- he press the tip of he finger together and look skyward , as if commune with he memory of the decease . dodge and now God have call he servant home . angle on Jennifer , in black . dodge ( o.s. ) we will miss he . but we be grateful that he pass be so peaceful -- and so like he -- work late into the night at he desk , the consummate public servant . ( continued ) 15 . 22 continued : 22 Vera sneak a look at Jennifer , who be poker - face . 23 ext . / int . veranda / johnson home - day 23 on the veranda of the gracious home , mourner pay respects to the family . dodge put a gentle hand on the widow 's shoulder and draw she aside . he throw a look at Jennifer , who join they . dodge Vera , I know you be still in shock from Jeff 's ... pass . but we have to talk about he seat . Vera stare at Jennifer . she know the score . jennifer Mrs. Johnson , if you would like to discuss this in private -- vera you can stay -- what 's the difference ? dodge Vera , I would like you to announce that you be go to run for Congress . let a few day pass to show proper respect . but next week , I want to stand next to you at a press conference where you declare for Jeff 's seat in the House . vera johnson no , Dick -- no . dodge there 's nothing to be afraid of , Vera . with you name , you can not lose . people around this part be so use to voting for Jeff Johnson -- why , Mrs. Jeff Johnson would win in a walk . vera johnson Dick , I be a Washington wife for twenty year . twenty year of potomac bullshit be plenty for one lifetime . dodge Vera , we be talk about become a member of Congress . we be talk about a sure thing . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 16 . 23 continued : 23 jennifer do not worry about run the office -- I will be there night and day . vera johnson I be sure you would , dear . but I could not give you the same job satisfaction Jeff give you . Jennifer , embarrassed , do not know Vera know . nor do dodge . 24 omitted 24 25 ext . condominum complex - day 25 a retirement community in the Florida sunshine . 26 int . condo elevator / hallway - day - the elevator door 26 open . a supermarket shopping cart full of grocery , tie with a big bow , roll out , push by Tommy . Loretta accompany he . Tommy buzy at a door . it 's answer by Tommy 's grandma , a limber lady in legging and a bright top . she see the grocery , kiss he . grandma this be very sweet of you , darling . but you should not have do it . where do you get the money ? tommy you do not want to know . 27 int . grandma's condo - day 27 Tommy and Loretta be watch the track result on the local tv news . Tommy , play solitaire , shuffles bril - liantly . grandma come in from the kitchen , shaking she head . grandma how do I end up with a thief for a grandson ? tommy grandma -- I tell you . I be not a thief . I be a con man . a artist . grandma but also a crook . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 17 . 27 continued : 27 tommy but I only con crook , grandma . you can not con a honest man . only somebody who want something for nothing . ( pause ) but the good Lord must have be fond of pigeon , because he make so many of they . grandma sometimes I just wish you be more like you daddy ... tommy you mean , dead ? grandma no , smartmouth ... I mean someone who make something of himself . loretta ( point at tv ) look ... it 's the ad ! video ... a cheap tv spot -- a busty blonde in a skimpy outfit toss she hair and pout . loretta ( v.o. ) ( fake swedish accent ) I be inga . I be here from Sweden and I be s-o - of lonely . I need a man ... and so do my girlfriend . video ... scantily - clad babe to match the name . Loretta speak along with the v.o . loretta ( and v.o. ) ... Maria , my hotblood Spanish friend ... babette , the parisian pussycat ... and many other . so call the " Girls of many Nations , " at 1-900-555 - NATO . super : call 1-900-555 -nato . loretta ( swedish accent ) so what do you think of my accent , grandma ? grandma compare to what ? Loretta , why do not you go baste the turkey ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 18 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 Loretta get up and go for the kitchen . we hear a high - pitch electronic warble . Tommy reach into Loretta 's purse and pull out a cellular phone . tommy ( call to Loretta ) see ? I tell you tv advertising work . he open the phone and speak in a toneless , recording - like voice . tommy hello ... you have reach Girls of many Nations . for hot blooded italian wildcat , press " one " now . ( nothing ) for perky american cheerleader , press " two " now . ( nothing ) for a sultry swedish Love goddess , press " three " now ... ( " beep " ) he cover the mouthpiece and call to Loretta . tommy bingo ! Loretta ... guy want to speak to inga . loretta ( o.c. ) tell he to call back . I be basting . tommy grin mischievously and speak into the phone in the husky voice of a swedish woman . tommy ja , this be inga . hello Paul ... how be you tonight ? you be feel naughty ? that 's all right ... you have you what in a bowl of oatmeal ? yes , that be very naughty , and maybe a little sick . grandma disgusting . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 19 . 27 continued : ( 3 ) 27 tommy oh no ! it 's my husband lar . he 's home early , I must go before ... you want to talk to lar too ? so you like to talk dirty out of both side of you mouth . ( normal voice ) man , you be one twisted bastard ! laugh , he hang up . grandma Tommy , please ! tommy sorry , grandma , just get a third minute out of he . he click off the phone and slam it back into Loretta 's purse . Loretta , meanwhile , have reappear . loretta you hang up on Paul ? he 's one of my best customer . grandma I can not believe any relative of mine do that for a live . loretta c'mon gramma ... it 's only my voice . they never actually meet I . grandma so my granddaughter talk dirty for a live and my grandson 's a thief . tommy what 's up , grandma ? be you embarrassed to show my picture around the pool ? grandma of course I be not . look . she go to she sewing basket and pull something from it . she unfold it : a long piece of needlepoint she 's be work on . insert it spell out Tommy 's full name : Thomas jefferson Johnson . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 20 . 27 continued : ( 4 ) 27 grandma ( o.s. ) look what this arthritic hand be do . back to scene grandma make I proud of you , Tommy . make I proud of the name you carry . in the silence between they that follow , we hear the tv. general manager I be ned grable , vice president and general manager of wfla . we think Mrs. Jeff Johnson do the right thing in not run for the congressional seat leave vacant by she husband 's death . the editorial catch grandma 's attention . general manager Jeff Johnson 's name may still be magic . but it will take more than the magic of name recognition to solve we region 's problem . I be ned grable . grandma name recognition . lordy , what a notion . people have to be some boob just to vote for someone because they name be Johnson . Tommy 's eye widen . grandma I remember once back in Georgia , they even elect a dead man . his name be still on the ballot -- people be just use to voting for he . tommy what do you say , grandma ? 28 ext . bait shack - day 28 homer , the proprietor of Homer 's pit stop , wear fuel - smear overall , be diesele a customer 's boat down by the water . tommy ( o.s. ) Homer ! get you ass over here ! ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 20a . 28 continued : 28 up by the rack of junk food and beer , and pail of fish slop , Tommy and armando await Homer . in b.g. , a older black gentleman play checker , solo . this be van dyke . armando what 's this about , jefe ? tommy ( call ) Loretta ! get off the damn phone ! armando this better be good . tommy ( sarcastic mimic ) " this better be good . " Loretta ! on loretta on the pay phone , moan in swedish ecstasy . loretta oh , ya , ya , God , you be so big ! ( wave at Tommy ) uh-oh , I have to go now , my husband sven be home early ... Tommy grab the phone . he push aside a protest Loretta ... tommy goddammit , inga , be it that pervert again ! damn ! he smack the receiver with he hand . tommy ( into receiver ) listen , you little shit -- I just spend eight year in the joint , nobody talk to my woman like that ! I get you adress , I get a machete , I get two rotweiler ... I be gonna come to you house and tear you ass up ! ( hang up , laugh ) loretta okay , Tommy , what 's so damn important ? homer yeah , I get work to do . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 21 . 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 they all look at he expectantly . he take a dramatic pause , then launch into a " come to Jesus " speech . tommy my friend , I want to tell you about a town where the street be paved with gold . this be a town where the mark give you money before you ask . a town where they take you to dinner after you fuck them . a town where when they need money , they just print more . this be a town where a guy bounce nine hundred check and he do not even have to skip town !!! armando ai not no town like that . loretta you mean Vegas ? tommy no. ( beat ) Washington , D.C. I be go to run for Congress . his big smile meet they blank surprise . they face fall . loretta what be this , a joke ? homer I do not get it . armando what 's the con , Tommy ? tommy Van dyke . you remember Willie sutton ? van dyke of bless memory . tommy you remember what he say ? they ask he , why do you rob bank ? and he say , that 's where the money be . I tell you , people -- Washington . that 's where the money be . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 22 . 28 continued : ( 3 ) 28 Tommy produce a sheaf of xerox and pamphlet . tommy I find this shit in the library . you know how much a congressman make ? a hundred and thirty a year -- and that 's just base pay for get you ass elect . then there be this thing call pac , and this lobbyist , whose whole point in life be to buy you off . it 's the con of a lifetime -- and the damn thing be , it 's legal ! this be hot , people , we can do this ! armando who " we , " white man ? tommy you never hear of staff , armando ? I get in , I get a staff allowance of five hundred and thirty - seven grand a year -- Loretta wolf - whistle . tommy -- which I will generously share with you . loretta and how exactly be you go to get you butt to Congress ? homer yeah -- why would anyone vote for you ? tommy not for I , Homer . for Jeff Johnson . name recognition -- that 's what it 's all about . you think folk know they congressman die ? I get on the ballot as Jeff Johnson , I guarantee they will vote for I . now all 's I have to do be get on the ballot . loretta which be how ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 23 . 28 continued : ( 4 ) 28 tommy which be where you folk come in . ( pick up a ream of form ) all 's we have to do be collect five thousand six hundred twenty five signature . armando you shittin ' we ? homer in you dream , Tommy . tommy you people get a better idea ? van dyke I do . 29 int . silver fox chapter - day 29 senior citizen fold brochure , stuff envelope , make phone call . Van dyke and Tommy enter . tommy okay ... gimme the four-one - one on this Silver fox again . it 's a bunch of old folk who like to vote ? van dyke do not laugh , they get a enormous turnout . but the big thing be , they have they own line on the ballot . they already get the signature . tommy ah. van dyke the lady we be meeting , hattie rifkin , they call she the condo queen . tommy so all I have to do be snow one old lady . do not sound like major surgery . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 24 . 30 int . inner office - silver fox - day 30 Tommy and Van dyke be seat opposite hattie rifkin , a high -energy woman , 70 , with a frizz of white curl . hattie so , what bring you here ? you want to talk politics ... talk ! van dyke we be wonder who you be go to run for Congress this year . hattie oh , the usual sacrifical lamb . probably sylvia roland . she just lose she husband , she need to meet new people . why ? tommy Mrs. rifkin ... I want to run . hattie well , I want to run too -- but with this plastic hip , it 's not gonna happen . Tommy break up . in spite of himself , he 's charme by the salty old babe . tommy what I mean be ... I would like to run for Congress on the Silver Fox ticket . I care about you and you issue . hattie yeah , that 's what my son say . but do he call ? anyway , what make you think a group of alter cocker be gonna support a man who have not clipped he first nose hair yet ? tommy because I can win . hattie no , no ... a Democrat can win . a Republican can win . a Silver Fox can only make a symbolic point . tommy Mrs. rifkin , if you give I a ballot line , and if I can get support from ... ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 25 . 30 continued : 30 hattie if ... if . ven die bubbah halla tsehen qulishke , het gehaya zadeh . tommy sure , but ... besser die viller ein der kenner . hattie crack up . Tommy lean over and translate for Van dyke : tommy she say , ' if my grandmother have ball , she would be my grandfather . ' hattie ( recover ) where the Hell do you learn to speak yiddish ? tommy the same place I learn to hustle shtarker at gin rummy . from Morris elfbein ... the gin King of Miami Beach . hattie no kid ... you know the Rudolf valentino of dade County ? tommy he teach I a great deal . he teach I you do not always need the best card to win . hattie maybe not in gin , but in politics , young man , you need money to win , you need a name to win , you ... tommy oh , I have a name . hattie what , you be a athlete , a movie star ? I do not get out as much as I use to . you be not on MTV , be you ? tommy no mar 'am . my name be Johnson . Jeff Johnson . the name you know . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 26 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 she ponder for a minute . and then she get it . a wick smile . hattie Jeff Johnson . well , that 's a name even we Alzheimer 's Group will remember . ( beat ; shake she head ) still , for a full - up campaign , we would need material , we would need ad ... tommy you leave that to I , Mrs. R. 31 int . johnson home - day 31 the widow Johnson be pour tea for Tommy , now in super - nerd drag -- wire - rim glass and tweed sport jacket . vera johnson I be not sure I understand , Professor Franklin -- you write you doctoral thesis on my husband ? tommy he be a great man , Mrs. Johnson . he do so much for my people . vera johnson he ... do ? tommy oh , yes . I will never forget when he say ' Welfare be a drug -- and you gotta kick it cold turkey . ' it be ... inspirational . vera johnson really ... well , I be sure ... tommy and I be actually in the audience when he say , ' if you people would just get off you dead ass and look for work , this country might be fit to live in again . ' powerful stuff . vera johnson it 's very kind of you to say so . and you be very kind to come all the way from ... where be it ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 27 . 31 continued : 31 tommy wilson- pickett State teacher College . but I do not just come to pay respects , mar 'am . I come because you husband deserve a archive . a place where scholar can study he legacy . a storehouse for the record of he remarkable career . vera johnson I see . so you want ... he papers ? tommy oh , not just he papers , Mrs. Johnson . everything . button , poster , bumper sticker . all the paraphernalia of he campaign -- proof of he political genius . now I realize that you may have a sentimental attachment to a few item ... vera johnson take them . tommy I beg you pardon . vera johnson take them all . would you like the wedding photo , too ? tommy well , I do not think that 's necess ... vera johnson good -- that way you will not have to go root around in the garbage . be there anything else ? tommy well , um ... no . vera johnson more tea ? or something stronger ? I know it 's only ten-thirty , but , hell , sun 's over the yardarm somewhere , right ? tommy actually , mar 'am , I should be get back . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 28 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 vera johnson you be in pretty good shape for a professor . d' you work out ? Tommy rise and pack he briefcase hastily . tommy look , I , um , have a class to teach . you know how blind student be ... they be so dependent . ( edge toward door ) do not worry mar 'am ... you material will be in good hand . 32 ext . wharf - day - close angle - a scissor 32 cut the re - off a re-elect jeff johnson bumper sticker in familiar blue and gold . Van dyke , armando , and Homer have a production line go , doctore the old Johnson campaign material , slice off and painting out the re - 's and the year . van dyke be you sure you do not want to come to Washington with we , Homer ? homer you bum get time on you hand . ( indicate bait shack ) I get a business to run . on loretta work the ringing pay phone . loretta hello ? who ? the League of woman voter ? sorry , Mr. Johnson will not be attend the debate . no -- no , Betty , I be sorry , I can not tie up this line . ( hang up ; it ring ) hello ? the sarasota Star -ledger ? I be sorry , we be out of photograph . no , you can not , Mr. Johnson have just have surgery for a deviate septum . ( hang up ; it ring ) hello ? ( brighten ) ya , this be inga . pan to tommy training a home video camera on a poster that read jeff johnson for congress . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 29 . 32 continued : 32 tommy ( very white ) we be not go to show you Jeff Johnson wave a flag . we be not go to show you Jeff Johnson kissing baby . we be not go to show you Jeff Johnson do anything , because you already know what Jeff Johnson can do . 33 int . johnson home - night - on tv screen 33 the poster fill the screen . tommy ( v.o. ) tomorrow , vote for Jeff Johnson . the name you know . a very puzzle Vera Johnson watch the ad on tv . 34 series of shot - night ( mos ) 34 the congressional district sleep . but in the darkness , a kind of D - Day onslaught be under way . quick super - imposed cut of Tommy 's secret army of Silver fox , open crate , fan through parking lot , swarm over lawn , drive in stake , tack up poster everywhere . include Tommy climb a telephone pole ... armando shinnying up a light pole across the street ... Loretta and Van dyke pull on a rope ... which hoist a huge bundle to Tommy ... who open and unfold it ... and get a end through the air to armando . they unfurl the biggest banner imaginable . jeff johnson : the name you know 35 ext . commercial STREET - dawn 35 camera tilt down . every square inch of town seem to have be plaster with johnson for congress material . it 's on billboard , bumper , bus shelter , balloon , banner , utility pole ... all in the late congressman 's signature design . 36 quick series of shot - day 36 the econoline , now a johnson ad on wheel , ghetto - blaster mount front and back on the roof , roll by a jewish deli ... a soul food joint ... a whitebread country club ... a chinese restaurant ... at each , Tommy 's amplify voice say : ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 30 . 36 continued : 36 tommy Jeff Johnson . the name you know . in a different appropriate accent . 37 ext . elementary school - day 37 in front of a polling place , Van dyke pull up in a hearse with a elect johnson banner . so , drive muscle car , do armando , Homer , and Loretta -- Tommy 's get-out - the-vote fleet . exhilated senior citizen pile out , lead by hattie . 38 int . polling place - day 38 a ordinary couple , 40s , sign the registration book , then enter adjacent voting carrel . after a moment , the husband lean out . husband who be we voting for Congress ? wife do not we always vote for Johnson ? husband that 's it -- Johnson . he hand punch the hole in the ballot next to Johnson . 39 video 39 a network anchor at a election - night news set . network anchor if you be just join we , we exit poll project that in Florida , a unknown , independent candidate whose sole asset appear to be he name may just possibly win a slim victory . 40 omitted 40 through through 42 42 43 ext . bait shack - night 43 blind light . media circus . tv power cord , a huge tangle snake back toward mobile generator . cameramen narrowly miss knock each other into the water . a steel drum band play " happy day be here again . " ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 31 . 43 continued : 43 the small crowd -- Tommy 's croney , they pal , and a jubilant contingent of panther lead by hattie -- let out a great whoop . florida reporter # 1 be that he ? tricia , I believe Congressman - elect Johnson be come this way . for the first time , we see Tommy wear a beautifully - cut suit . he 's instantly engulf by light , camera , and supporter . a amaze cameraman , watch Tommy , whisper to a producer . cameraman Jesus -- he 's not ... white . I actually vote for the guy . I think he be Jeff Johnson . Tommy jump onto a bench . applause from he supporter . tommy thank you , thank you , all of you , for you help . give yourself a round of applause . they do . as applause continue ( o.s. ) , camera pan from reporter to reporter to reporter , they mike bear the call - letter of different channel . on grandma be interview . she wear a johnson for congress button and speak with manifest pride . grandma I have never be so proud in all my life . he be always such a good boy ... well , I think he mean well . sometimes -- well he be a clean child . that 's important , I think ... pan to florida reporter # 2 do a stand - up . florida reporter # 2 then in Massachusetts , there be a guy name Kennedy who get elect , but he be not really a Kennedy . pan to -- ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 32 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 florida reporter # 3 a lot of dead incumbent get re-elect , actually . it 's a american tradition . on Tommy . speak meaningfully , with great sincerity , he show a gift for political discourse . tommy we run a positive campaign . we campaign on the issue . the issue be leadership . Leadership for the future . ask not what you can do for you country . the people have speak . the only thing we have to fear be fear itself . if you can not stand the heat stay out of the kitchen . live free or die . and in conclusion ... read my lip ! ( applause and cheer ) 44 int . airplane - day 44 Tommy look out the window at the city below . 45 ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - aerial view - day - ( stock ) 45 the approach to National Airport give a good view of Washington and its landmark . tommy the promise land . 46 ext . airport runway - day 46 the plane touch down . 47 int . national airport - day 47 through the airport move we floridian . they look like they be go to open day at the track . voice ( o.s. ) Congressman Johnson ! Congressman Johnson ! Tommy look . it 's reinhhardt , a young straight - arrow bear two huge document briefcase , which he put down to shake hand . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 33 . 47 continued : 47 reinhardt Arthur reinhardt . you remember I -- I fed - exed that material to you in Key West ? tommy reinhardt , my man ! of course ! you look just like I picture you . Nice wing tip . reinhardt thank you . Congressman , I hope you do not think I be out of line for meeting you here -- I think you might want some help with logistic , settling in at you hotel -- ( indicate the briefcase ) since you do not make it to the Harvard seminar , I put together a set of they papers for you . tommy I like you initiative , reinhardt , but to tell you the truth , I have never be much of a student . maybe you can brief my staff sometime . reinhardt look Tommy 's croney over . not you classic Hill type . tommy but thank you , I will take you up on that logistic . hey ! entourage ! what hotel we at ? they look at one another , puzzle . tommy reinhardt , it appear that the staff have neglect to nail down some detail . reinhardt oh , Jesus , the imf 's in town . where be we go to find a room ? tommy four room . 48 omitted 48 the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 34 . 49 int . airport bar - day 49 the entourage be enjoy a round of libation . reinhardt run up . reinhardt I get lucky at the madison . thank god there 's be a coup in uruguay . they delegation just check out . tommy you be a wizard , reinhardt . I know you could handle it . 50 ext . airport taxi rank - day 50 Tommy 's entourage and they luggage be be pack into a cab . Tommy turn to reinhardt . tommy so when do the House open for business ? reinhardt have not hear it put quite that way before . reinhardt get he courage up . reinhardt say , Congressman , you get my resume , do not you ? tommy ( have not a clue ) I be sure I do . reinhardt there 's something I want to ask you . I know it 's a big step , but -- I would like you to consider I to be you aa . tommy that 's quite a offer , reinhardt , very decent of you , but I be just a social drinker . reinhardt no. aa . you administrative Assistant . I work for Congressman Johnson . I would like to work for you , Congressman Johnson . tommy really . Tommy look at he own troops , then back to reinhardt . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 35 . 50 continued : 50 tommy you mean like a affirmative action thing ? Tommy open the cab door . tommy tell you what -- I will think about it , okay ? Tommy get in and close the door . tommy ( through the open window ) thanks for get we settle , really appreciate it . ( to driver ) madison Hotel . 51 omitted 51 52 ext . memorial bridge - magic hour 52 the bridge over the potomac have a classic view of the lincoln Memorial and the Washington monument . they taxi drive by . 53 omitted 53 &amp ; &amp ; 54 54 55 ext . cannon build - day 55 Morning . Tommy and croney get out of a cab and bound up the grand flight of stair . in b.g. , the Capitol dome . 56 int . cannon ground floor corridor / elevator - day 56 they walk the superb ground floor corridor of cannon , salivate . marble column ... chandelier ... grand office . Real class . at a elevator with a sign above it -- member only -- they stop . Tommy press the button . the door open . the seat attendant get a load of this group . especially Loretta . attendant sorry , folk , this elevator 's for member only . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 36 . 56 continued : 56 tommy that 's okay , they be with I . Sixth floor please . cannon 609 . I be go to my office . attendant I say member only . tommy I be a member . now take we to six before I haul you ass in front of the committee on disrespectful behavior . attendant Elevator do not go to six . you have to get off at five and walk . 57 int . cannon stairwell - day 57 look puzzle , they make they way up a drab stairwell . 58 int . cannon top floor - day 58 not classy . on one side of the hallway , the window give out on a brutally ugly courtyard . on the other side of the hall be cage : windowless storage bin behind metal fence cramme with junk -- and a occasional xerox machine , Mr. coffee , and pitiful staffer at a tiny desk . Tommy open the door to 609 . 59 int . tommy' reception area - day 59 Tommy 's office be a small , dark garret , with dirty car - peting , bare shelf , and a pile of bulg canvas U.S. mail bag . tommy wait here . he head further into the office . 60 int . tommy' office - day 60 equally unattractive . perched on the desk : reinhardt . tommy you again ! reinhardt good morning , congressman . tommy what be this shithole ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 37 . 60 continued : 60 reinhardt Excuse I ? tommy ( gesture , peeve ) this . reinhardt ( casual ) oh -- you miss the freshman lottery for office . they assign they by draw . you do not show for the draw , so you get the worst office in Congress . tommy I miss what lottery ? reinhardt it be all in the briefing book I mail you . tommy what else do I miss , reinhardt ? reinhardt be you hire I , congressman ? Tommy give reinhardt a good once - over , see he anew . tommy you be shaking I down , be not you ? Tommy laugh , then clasp reinhardt 's shoulder . tommy this be fantastic , reinhardt . I have not be here five minute , and you be shaking I down . God , I be gonna love this town . you be hire , man . just tell I what to do next . I do not want to miss out on any of the good shit . reinhardt the dinner for new member be tonight , at Union Station . do you have black tie ? begin elegant , spirite classical music . 61 int . union station - MAIN hall - night 61 with its hundred - foot barrel - vault ceiling and grand window , the magnificent beaux - Arts station have be beautifully restore . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 38 . 61 continued : 61 a big crowd slowly make its way along a red carpet to the party . Tommy be bear to wear a tux . in he lapel , a red- and - gold eagle pin . on he arm , Loretta , in a dramatic shoulderless and nearly backless gown , with three - quarter glove . the other woman in sight be far more conserva - tively dress . 62 int . union station - adirondacks restaurant - night 62 a string quartet provide the music . Tommy and Loretta linger uncertainly near the entrance . then : tommy let 's meet some native . Tommy lead she over to two Men , 30 , excellent haircut . both wear pin . he extend a hand . tommy Tommy Johnson , how would you do , nice party , heck of a railroad station , be not it ? rafe rafe Simon , freshman from Tulsa . and this be bo Chandler -- bo -- from lufkin , Texas . you must be the one who do not come to Harvard . tommy no , I could not , it be my Princeton reunion .... rafe Jeff Johnson ? you be Jeff Johnson ? the guy from Florida ? tommy that 's right . rafe ( to bo ) the rest of we be out there on the campaign trail , raise money , kissing ass , make speech , drag we butt from place to place -- and he slide in on pure name recognition ! ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 39 . 62 continued : 62 he put he face close to Tommy . rafe let I tell you something , Jeff . a tense beat . then rafe break into a smile . rafe fuckin ' brilliant . bo wink at Tommy . Tommy thank you . thank you both very much . ( to Loretta ) be not that nice , now , do not you think ? ( to rafe and bo ) this be miss Loretta , boy . she extend a regal hand to each , liza doolittle at the ball . loretta how do yo do . how do you do . tommy and it 's Tommy . my friend call I Tommy . " Jeff " be my ... professional name . so what line of work be you boy in before you get elect ? you lawyer or something ? rafe oh , no , I do morning weather and traffic for ktok in Tulsa . bo you do not remember I ? I be a tight end for the oiler -- my knee gimp out . the origin of the gentleman 's political success be not lose on Tommy . bo hey , stop by my reception after the swear in tomorrow , okay ? rafe yeah , but do not you go to he reception before you go to my reception . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 40 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 tommy Fine , but I be gonna be real offended if either of you miss my reception . they leave . tommy I think we have to have a reception . at the buffet , as Tommy and Loretta help themselves generously to oyster and champagne , they overhear two member pass by . first member so then I run a ad call he a draft dodger , but then he run a ad call I a plagiarist . second member what do you do ? first member oh , leak a rumor that he father - in - law be a Nazi . I go up ten point in a weekend . tommy ( to Loretta ) we be in the major , doll . 62a the balcony be full of people work one another . as 62a Tommy and Loretta pass some large stone statue , a man extend he hand -- liquor lobbyist ken korngold . korngold Congressman ? I would like to introduce myself . Ken korngold . National distill spirit Association . tommy Tommy Johnson . distill spirit , be that right ? korngold it 's super that you win , congressman . any way we can help , please do not hesitate . tommy pleasure 's all mine , Ken , hope you can make it to my reception . do you happen to have a card ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 41 . 62a continued : 62a korngold ( give he one ) I sure do . 63 int . union station - men' room - night 63 Tommy be along a wall where other guest be similarly occupy . tommy you now what I love about this place ? the way everyone call you a member . every time I hear that , it make I think of Mr. happy here . the member next to he burst out laugh . tommy do not you be pee on my shoe . they go to the sink . the member introduce himself . iowa Mike strangland . Iowa -- first CD . tommy you get a CD ? shit , I miss that , too . iowa first congressional district . tommy ohhh. Tommy Johnson . Florida . so Iowa -- how would you get to Washington ? you do the crop report on tv ? iowa have a big open face and a flat midwestern voice . iowa no -- I owe it all to the vietnamese . tommy War hero ? iowa p.o.w . when I get back to Cedar rapid , I spend so many year tell the rotary Club what be wrong in Washington , they finally tell I to put up or shut up -- so I put up . and here I be . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 42 . 63 continued : 63 tommy wait a minute . what 's wrong in Washington ? iowa c'mon -- there 's acid rain kill fish , and no one 's stop it ... there 's topsoil wash away , and no erosion program ... there 's chemical in we livestock -- God , I sound like a Boy scout . tommy that 's alright , Iowa -- this place could use a few geek like you . 64 int . union station - adirondacks - tommy' dinner 64 table - night Tommy shake hand around the table , take business card as he go . first lobbyist Pete slocum . asbestos information Institute . second lobbyist Mike gustofson . freedom to advertise Coalition . third lobbyist Paul Zeckhauser . american tobacco Council . tommy hey ... thank you ... nice to see you ... hope you can make it to my reception . have y'all meet miss Loretta ? tommy' tablemate be lawyer - lobbyist tommy o'connor , 40s . as waiter serve lobster bisque , he hand tj a business card . o'connor Tommy O'Connor . soon as I see how you get elect , I know you be a real comer . Hell , I bet old olaf andersen vote for you . tommy who 's olaf andersen ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 43 . 64 continued : 64 O'Connor point . on the day , andersen be engross with dodge . o'connor ( o.s. ) I will not tell he you ask . Chairman of Gulf Coast power . constituent of yours , client of mine . back to scene o'connor pay the rent , know what I mean ? say , could I host a little welcome - to - Washington thing for you down at my law firm ? meet some of my client , five hundred a head -- you could pick up twenty , twenty - five grand to get you start . tommy ( cautious ) and how much of that do you get ? o'connor ( amused ) oh , it do not come off the top . down the road , I will bill them each five hundred a hour whenever I take you to lunch . tommy Tommy , I think this be the beginning of a beautiful relationship . 65 int . union station - adirondacks - night - on dodge 65 make a speech from the dais . dodge tonight we unite the two great pillar of we system -- political and financial . to the forty - four newly - elect member of Congress , I say , look around you tonight . look around , and be thankful for the generosity . Tommy inspect the sea of barracudas . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 44 . 65 continued : 65 dodge the people you see not only provide tonight 's hospitality . they be the people you serve . that 's we system of check and balance at its best . they support help get you elect ... you work will help they ... and they support will help you in you next campaign , which I remind you be already less than two year away . 66 int. / ext . adirondacks - large door - night 66 in b.g. , the Capitol dome . as Tommy and Loretta leave , they pass Dick dodge , who be say goodnight to guest . he stop they . dodge you know , Mr. Johnson , it 's customary for new member to pay a courtesy call on the old fogy in the leadership . especially from they home state . tommy well , I would have , but I just get to town . it 's a honor to meet you , sir . a real privilege . this be miss Loretta . loretta Public liaison . she pronounce the word so carefully , it sound lewd . dodge how do you do ? ( to Tommy ) you could make up for it by have a nightcap with I . ( to Loretta ) May I have my car take you home ? 67 ext . capitol hill - night 67 Tommy and dodge walk up step toward the Capitol . 68 int . hallway - capitol - night 68 a darken hallway . a hand - lettere sign by a door read committee on power and industry . the chairman . mr. dodge . Tommy and dodge approach . as dodge unlock the door : ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 45 . 68 continued : 68 tommy Excuse I , Mr. Chairman , but this be not no homo shit we up to , be it ? dodge no . no , it 's not . but -- ( amused ) good think , Johnson . I be impressed by you instinct . 69 int . dodge's office - capitol - night 69 a single table lamp light Dick dodge 's office , reflect off the velvet drape , sculpt ceiling , and crystal chandelier . Tommy and dodge be in leather armchair , tie undone . on the table between they , a bottle of Jim beam . dodge cast a cool eye on Tommy . dodge tell I , Johnson . why do you come to Washington ? tommy well ... of course ... it 's a chance to do something for my country . I mean , there 's the topsoil thing , and acid rain be kill the cattle -- dodge cut the bullshit , Johnson . I see how you get elect . fluke like you be either nutcase or troublemaker . I just want to know which one I have on my hand . who send you here ? tommy no one send I . dodge you pull off that upset on you own ? tommy ( acknowledge modestly ) kid 's get he talent . dodge I be impressed , Johnson , I be . but why do you run for Congress ? tommy no bullshit ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 46 . 69 continued : 69 dodge no bullshit . tommy opportunity knock . this town be the fuckin' yukon . a stunne silence from dodge -- then deep and generous laughter . dodge what a refresh answer . he laugh again , richly amused . Tommy join in the laughter . 70 ext . cannon - day 70 shine in the bright sun . 71 int . tommy' office - day - on tommy' desk 71 hundred of business card . a expert riffle , a one - hand cut , and Tommy deal lightning fast , a perfect diamond formation with two card in the middle . he turn they over one at a time . tommy food ... drink . loretta ( read card ) Ken korngold , National distill spirit Association . Bob rafferty ... Wisconsin cheese board . ( to Tommy ) what do you want I to do ? tommy you be on cheese . I will handle booze . he reach for the phone ... 72 ext . distiller's build - day 72 Pan from Capitol Hill to gleam glass office building . tommy ( v.o. ) ( take the phone ) ken! Ken korngold ! Tommy Johnson here ... right -- last night . how 's it go , big guy ? korngold ( v.o. ) Congressman ! the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 47 . 73 int . korngold's office - day 73 expensive furniture , rug , and art . korngold how be you on this helluva fine day ! I be look forward to you reception . intercut tommy and korngold tommy actually , that 's why I be call , Ken . you say if I need some help -- korngold you name it , congressman . issue papers , testimony , floor speech -- tommy tell you what I have in mind . I be just think , would not it be a plus for old Ken korngold if I be to -- how should I put this -- showcase some of he distiller ' product at my reception ? you know , like they put reese 's piece in e.t .? it 's call " product placement . " people come in , they have a tremendous time , they see you product , they think well of you -- and they think well of I , too . it 's good for both of we , Ken . what do you say ? korngold well , it 's a new one on I , but hey , sure , I think we can help you out . say , while I have you on the line , there be one thing ... 74 int . house chamber - day 74 the speaker administer the oath of office to the assemble House . speaker do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the constitution of the United States ... on grandma next to Tommy , eye welling with pride . it 's the one day a year that non - member ( meaning family ) can be on the floor . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 48 . 74 continued : 74 speaker ... against all enemy , foreign and domestic ; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same ... 75 int . tommy' office - day - video - wide shot of house 75 the 435 member ( with family ) take the oath , watch on c-span by Loretta , armando , Van dyke , and reinhardt . speaker ( v.o. ) ... that you take this obligation freely , without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion ... 76 int . house chamber - day 76 on iowa take the oath , he toddler in he arm . pan along face of other member ... to Tommy . speaker ( v.o. ) ... and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duty of the office on which you be about to enter . so help you God ? tommy ( and member ) I do . speaker ( v.o. ) congratulation . you be now member of Congress . sustain applause . Tommy kiss grandma . intercut Tommy 's croney applauding . on the floor Tommy dry grandma 's tear with a finger . grandma it 's just that -- I be so happy you straighten out . Tommy smile ambiguously . as applause continue , he eye roam the room and make contact with Dick dodge , stand at one of the leadership table . Tommy wink conspiratorially at he . there 's such diabolical glee in it , it even take dodge aback . 77 int . cannon top floor - day 77 a beautiful black woman , 20 , walk briskly down the busy cannon corridor . celia . there 's intelligence in she eye , and fire . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 49 . 77 continued : 77 she make she way down the corridor , exchange ad lib greeting , glance in at the sedate reception , and draw closer to the source of the reggae ( o.s. ) -- Tommy 's office . she look in . 78 int . tommy' reception area - day 78 it 's pack , mainly with man . everyone have drink and talk noisily . it look like a fraternity smoker for lobbyist . music come from a boom box . the bar -- a tablecloth over some desk -- be lavishly stock . so be the bookcase , which now look like liquor store shelf . angle on loretta , in a cocktail dress and a hello my name be miss loretta badge , staffing a little table , hand celia a name - tag . insert celia 's hand print celia kirby . pro bono . back to scene - on Tommy and reinhardt talk with a lobbyist . FOURTH lobbyist it 's a informal breakfast . you give we you view , we give you bacon and egg , plus a couple of thousand dollar honorarium . ( winking ) for you favorite charity . Tommy look at reinhardt , who explain . reinhardt the Tommy Johnson Foundation . tommy ( savore the word ) honorarium . I like that . Loretta appear with a platter of food . loretta herring , gentleman ? FOURTH lobbyist uh , no thanks . loretta really ? we have get it in cream sauce and in wine sauce . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 49a . 78 continued : 78 reinhardt I think I will pass . Tommy steer she aside and take a roll of soggy , toothpick - impale herring . tommy what be this ? where 's the cheese ? loretta the cheese guy do not return my call . so I call the guy at the american smoke Fish Institute . she point at the food table . there 's nothing but a few box of cracker and two huge mound of herring -- one white , one pink . the centerpiece be a large smoke fish , eye stare accusingly . tommy oh , that 's just wonderful . sixty heavy hitter drop in , and I be feed them cat food . he break off , as celia come into view in the doorway behind . Tommy pick she up on he radar . tommy we will talk about this later . we follow Tommy through the crowd until he reach celia . tommy hi there . glad you could make it . so you be ... celia kirby . that 's a extremely beautiful name . for a extremely beautiful woman . celia wow ! that 's smooth . after ten straight hour on my foot make small talk and breathe cheap cigar smoke , that 's exactly the kind of line I be ready to fall for . tommy whoa , slow down . celia sure , sure , forget it . can you just tell I , which one 's Congressman Johnson ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 49b. 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 tommy what if I say ... I ? celia oh. I see . so tell I , Congressman , just how deep be the shit I be stand in ? Tommy have to laugh . tommy do not worry about it . why do not we just start over again ? celia celia kirby . I be the legislative director of pro bono . tommy ah. pro bon . that 's a extremely beautiful name . for a extremely beautiful organization . um ... what be it ? celia ( amused ) we be a public interest research and advocacy group . I would like to brief you on we priority this session . can I call you aa to get on you schedule ? tommy why do not you brief I over dinner tonight ? celia I want a appointment , Congressman , not a date . tommy yeah , sure , we will type it up on the schedule , it will be a appointment , except with wine and flower on the table . celia no thanks . I really should be go . tommy wo not you at least stay for a drink and some herring ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 49c. 78 continued : ( 3 ) 78 celia I be afraid I be busy . tommy well then , can I tempt you with a smelt ? celia no thanks . ( extend she hand ) Nice to meet you . I will be in touch with you office . I especially look forward to hearing you view on extend the sexual harassment law to include congressman . tommy I love the way you say that . she slip out through the sea of reveler . 79 ext . capitol - day 79 a fine Washington morning . 80 omitted 80 81 ext . capitol step - day 81 rep. elijah marshall , 5as , black , and a pain in dodge 's ass , be shaking hand and say goodbye to some constituent . dodge approach . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 3/25/92 50 . 81 continued : 81 dodge I hear in the steam room you be go to try to screw up my ethic bill . marshall not screw up . amend . dodge come on , eli , you amendment do not have a chance in hell to pass . my bill be not perfect , I know , but it will pass . and the President will sign it . marshall " be not perfect " ? Dick , you bill 's the incumbent Protection Act ! how can you even call it a ethic bill ? dodge because the public want a ethic bill ! so that 's what we call it . marshall but it 's get no tooth ! it will not change a thing , and you know it . dodge come on , eli , you be a politician , too . the less you be go to do about something , the more you have to talk about it . you know that . they start walk . marshall I see . we close the bank , we stop the rubber check , we raise the price in the barber shop , we stop fix parking ticket , and abracadabra ! we say we have clean up Congress . well , I do not think the american people want what this place have become . dodge that 's the beauty of it ! they must , eli -- they keep re-elect we . marshall not anymore ! this new Congress be full of new face . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 51 . 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 dodge oh , I would not read too much into that . a few extra retirement , some redistricting -- nothing more than that . it 's still business as usual up here . dodge take he glass from he pocket and wipe they . dodge I live in the real world , eli . do you ? what 's unemployment up to in you district ? eight percent ? eight -five ? marshall eight point six . dodge power and Enterprise be about to fund a solar demonstration plant , eli . it could mean a whole lot to a district -- new job , new construction -- that interest you ? marshall you can not bribe I , Dick . 82 int . dodge's reception area - day 82 dodge and Marshall enter . dodge eli , the people who elect you . they send you here to help they . do not you want to ? marshall not if it mean support you bill . all you want be the perfect platform to campaign for speaker . Dick dodge . Mr. clean . what a joke ! dodge ( undeterred ) come on board , eli. ( lean in ) you know -- you can not save the world if you can not save you seat . Tommy enter . Marshall give he a once - over and extend a hand . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 52 . 82 continued : 82 marshall we have not meet . eli Marshall . tommy Tommy Johnson . marshall I know . the Florida upset . well , now that you be here , what be you go to do with it ? you gonna feather you own nest , or be you gonna make something of you office ? tommy I plan to be as good a congressman as all the other . marshall exactly what do that mean ? tommy well , ever since I get back from nam , I have want to do something about the rain forest -- marshall no , do I a favor , do not tell I . I try not to get depressed until the second week of a new session . dodge ( ushere Tommy into he office ) eli , you will excuse we -- we have a meeting . 83 int . dodge's office - day 83 dodge Johnson , I be the chairman of a committee up here call power and Industry . we have get a open seat , and I be wonder if you would consider fill it . tommy be this good news ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 53 . 83 continued : 83 dodge ( tongue in cheek ) well , it be a difficult assignment -- look at what we cover : energy , health , telecommunication , environment ... the committee be constantly beset by a swarm of special interest . this be powerful people , they have get all the money in the world , and they be not shy about use it . tommy so ... this be very good news . dodge most member would give they right nut for it . tommy so what do you want from I , Dick ? dodge Congressman ... I just want you to smile for the camera . 84 int . power and enterprise committee - day 84 the committee member -- all white male , except Tommy -- mill around , await the start of the hearing . as the tv camera whir , dodge shake Tommy 's hand warmly . Big smile and a explosion of flashbulb . dodge break off and Tommy drift over to reinhardt . reinhardt ( indicate dais ) so , Congressman , welcome to the honey pot . you should be one happy freshman . tommy yeah ? well , I be not . I be suspicious . one thing I have learn be , when somebody give you something for nothing , the nothing be not nothing . it 's something . what be it ? why I ? reinhardt put he hand on Tommy 's shoulder . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 54 . 84 continued : 84 reinhardt Congressman , I do not want you to take this the wrong way , but ... you be black . and I mean that in the nicest possible way . tommy keep talk . reinhardt dodge want to run for speaker . and he be not gonna make it without vote from the black caucus . suddenly , dodge reappear . he throw he arm around Tommy 's shoulder . dodge Tommy , someone I want you to meet ... dodge steer tj to a preppy-looking man at the witness table -- barclay " skeeter " warburton . dodge skeeter , do you know Tommy Johnson ? meet the new member of the committee . Tommy , this be Barclay warburton . tommy please to meet you , Barclay . warburton be voice be aristocratic , a la George plimpton . warburton skeeter . please . be call that since board school . tommy skeeter . warburton damned fine to meet you . as dodge and Tommy head for the dais , Tommy imitate warburton 's lockjaw . tommy " Tommy . please . be call that since reform school . " dodge chuckle , shake he head in mock rebuke . Tommy take he seat at the lower dais , smile at the member on he leave and right . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 55 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 on the upper day , dodge gavel ... dodge this EPA oversight hearing of the Committee on power and Industry will come to order . I would like to welcome we first witness , the distinguished administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency ... ( warburton nod ) ... but before I do , I note that a new member be join we today , the distinguished gentleman from Florida . the biggest explosion of flash yet ... and as the motor drive whir , Tommy flash he biggest smile yet . 85 int . tommy' reception area - day 85 Tommy 's office wall be now richly hang with plaque , award , and frame photo . we see he have be name the pesticide COALITION be man of the month . the winner of the national rifle association be Achievement Award . the motion picture association of america's outstanding Young legislator . etc . the liquor be go . Loretta be at the receptionist 's desk . a lobbyist enter . fifth lobbyist Morning . ron yaeger . snack - pac -- snack Foods political action Committee . I have a ten o'clock . loretta please have a seat . the congressman be run just a little bit late . he sit and open he briefcase . Van dyke approach he with the dignity of a superb butler . van dyke would you care for some herring ? 86 int . capitol function room - day 86 Tommy rise to speak at a breakfast meeting . the podium bear the seal of the american poultry Association . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 56 . 86 continued : 86 tommy let I start with a confession . I do not know much about poultry . but I do know something about people . and let I tell you : I like you people . so when you have something to say about poultry , I listen . thank you very much . he sit down to generous applause . on armando , in attendance , clapping , marvel at the response tj get . 87 int . catacomb - moving - day 87 Capitol Hill be actually two world : the aboveground building that visitor and television camera see , and the catacomb , the busy tunnel and corridor connect the congressional office building and the Capitol . they be surprisingly unglamorous -- expose pipe , white - wash brick wall , dumpster , pizza carry - out -- and through they move the legislator and they staff . and here be Tommy , whistling zippedy doo dah . he love this place . pass a snack bar , he greet the cashier . tommy my man . he blow a kiss to a pretty teller in the credit union . pass the barber shop , he call out to the shoeshine guy . he pass a black telephone man at a open panel of wire . telephone man Tommy ! what 's up , man ? tommy ( whisper ) sweet Sue . third race at Santa anita . 88 int . tommy' reception area - day 88 several lobbyist be now await Tommy balance plate of herring on they knee . some be enjoy it more than other . Tommy breeze in . tommy hey , how you folk doin ' , good to see you , Van dyke make you comfortable ? Tommy hit a button on a tape deck , turn on some easy listening . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 57 . 88 continued : 88 tommy be with y'all shortly . behind the divider , outside Tommy 's office door , Tommy have a word with reinhardt . Tommy indicate he office . tommy she in there ? reinhardt nod . Tommy give himself a couple of squirt of binaca . tommy stick around for this , reinhardt . I have finally figure something out about the woman in this town . 89 int . tommy' office - day 89 Tommy and reinhardt meeting with celia and a elfin guy in corduroy . celia thank you for see we , congressman , we will not take up much of you time . this be ira schecter , we research director . tj hi , good to meet you , you folk know reinhardt , do not you ? do not rush , miss kirby , we can take as long as we want . celia but you have people wait , and -- tommy that 's all right . they can wait . celia well . she pull document from she briefcase and hand they to Tommy . celia this be issue papers . this session we be target auto insurance premium , child safety , and food additive . as vote come up , we know you will be hearing plenty from the other side . we would just like a clean shot at make we case , too . ( more ) ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 58 . 89 continued : 89 celia ( cont 'd ) ( rise ) so , we will follow up with you staff in the next week or ... tommy wait a minute , you just get here . I clean my calendar , and you be out the door . let 's back up , give this stuff the attention it deserve . car insurance ... ira , what do you pay ? ira oh , I have get a ' 85 plymouth , about six - fifty a year ... tommy six-fifty ? highway robbery ! a chop shop would not give you more than a hundred forty for a junker like that . ( beat ) or so I have hear . ( beat ) but I be fly blind here , I need depth . could miss kirby put together a briefing ? maybe schedule a Saturday or two to really dig into the issue ? ira ( surprised and pleased ) oh ... we would be delighted . we have get some figure that will amaze you . tommy I be sure you do . celia ( rise ) well , we will not take up any more ... tommy whoa , whoa , hold on , what about child safety ? celia well , we be sponsor a bill impose safety standard on import toy ... ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 59 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 tommy great ! about time ! I hate import toy . what about food additive ? how about we block out a few evening , you can take I through the detail . ira celia , if that 's what the Congressman want ... any problem ? celia ( to he ) you want to do this in the evening ? ira I be away for the next two week . she give he a look . ira turn to Tommy . ira so , when can celia start you briefing ? tommy Saturday night ? ira Saturday night sound fine . celia fine. Wednesday morning . nine - fifteen . 90 int . catacomb - night - close angle - a sign 90 on a door in the House sub - basement : member only . 91 int . house gym - night 91 the regular evening pickup basketball game . even among this ruthless player , Tommy 's street move be outstand - ingly down and dirty . his principal accomplice : elijah Marshall . 92 int . locker room - house gym - night 92 a stand poker game among the towel - and robe-clad member . it 's Tommy 's shuffle and deal . he be convincingly awkward . a bulldog of a man examine he hand , toss two card in . he assemble he new hand . four fives and a ace . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 60 . 92 continued : 92 on Tommy 's hand . a pair of three . the betting start , at a couple of chip , and come round to Tommy . he push a stack of chip to the center . tommy let 's get serious , fella . 93 int . catacomb ( or corridor ) - night 93 Tommy , Marshall , and the bulldog , back in suit , exit the member only door and move through the catacomb . marshall I need you help on the ethic bill , Leon . I want you to co - sponsor my amendment . bulldog you make a persuasive case , eli . marshall that be not a yes . bulldog ( courteously ambiguous ) I promise to give it the attention it deserve . the bulldog give Tommy a friendly squeeze -- bulldog better luck next time , son . -- and leave they . Tommy and Marshall continue on . marshall he take six hundred dollar off you that last hand , do not he ? tommy yeah , he 's take a real shine to I . marshall if I do not know better , I would say you lose to he on purpose . tommy nothing wrong with let the chairman of the ethic committee roll you once in a while . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 60a. 93 continued : 93 marshall ( shaking he head ) you fit in real well up here . too well . tommy so eli , how come you have not ask for my help with you amendment ? marshall give it a rest , Tommy . you have get a great jump shot . but everyone know you be Dick dodge 's boy . tommy ( bristle ) I be nobody 's boy , mister . marshall ( weary ) do not waste you outrage on I . I know what you be . tommy I be no different from anyone else . marshall that 's not true . some people here actually try to do something besides save they own ass . tommy you know , eli , I like you , I really do . you remind I of my father . marshall oh , really ? how so ? tommy he think I be scum , too . bell begin ringing and light flashing on all the clock and sconce down the corridor . Three ring , pause , three ring , pause ... Marshall do a u-turn . Tommy do not follow suit . marshall be not you go to vote ? tommy ( indicate clock ) vote ? be that what that be ? we get a pool go in the office on when it will go off next . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 60b. 93a int . lobby outside house chamber - day 93a it 's call " gucci gulch . " the lobby just outside the door to the House chamber be pandemonium -- a sea of lobbyist , lawyer , pacmen , member , and staffer urgently try to find they master and signal they thumb - up or-down . Tommy enter , sweep the room with he eye , look for reinhardt , shrug , then go through the door onto the floor . 93b int . house chamber - day 93b Tommy go to a console on the rear of a seat . a blue light say OPEN . Tommy insert a card ( it look like a electronic hotel key ) . Red , green , and amber light at button label nay , yea , and pre . Tommy shrug , push nay . 93c int . lobby outside house chamber - day 93c as Tommy head away , he pass a class trip -- a dozen fifth - grader and they teacher , who hail he . teacher Excuse I -- Congressman ? do you have a moment ? we be from the hawthorne Avenue School , in Union , New Jersey ? I be Mrs. kozlowski . Social Studies . we be just learn how a bill become a law . ( indicate the bell ) be that a vote ? tommy yes , it be . teacher and what do you vote ? tommy I vote " nay . " it 's a terrible bill . it would destroy the fabric of american life . teacher and what be the vote on ? Tommy have not a clue . he call out to rafe , who be among that leave the chamber . tommy hey , rafe ! tell this kid what that vote be about . ( more ) ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 61 . 93c continued : 93c tommy ( cont 'd ) ( to kid ) guy 's get a real knack for explain thing . rafe well , it be a motion to reconsider the motion to reconsider . bo , pass by , intervene . bo no , it be the rule on amend the reauthorization . tommy which mean ? bo clean air. rafe ( overlap ) School lunch . tommy you be in excellent hand , kid . 94 int . restaurant - day 94 a noisy restaurant popular with lobbyist . power photo on the wall . table hopping . people shout greeting across the room . waiter in long apron . Tommy be have lunch with Tommy O'Connor . o'connor you be a gentleman , Tommy . we can always do bid 'ness -- I like that in a member . tommy thank you , Tommy . I love you too . o'connor listen , I would like to do more money for you -- I just need to know you position on a few issue . O'Connor take out a pen and leather notecard case . o'connor for instance , where be you on sugar price support ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 62 . 94 continued : 94 Tommy have no idea , but he 's certainly open to suggestion . tommy sugar price support . where do you think I should be , Tommy ? o'connor shit -- make no difference to I . if you be for them , I get money for you from my sugar producer in Louisiana and Hawaii . if you be against them , I get money for you from the candy manufacturer . tommy you pick . o'connor ( write ) let 's put you down as for . now what about put limit on malpractice award ? tommy you tell I . o'connor well , if you be for them , I get money from the doctor and insurance company . if you be against them , I get money from the trial lawyer . tell you what , let 's say against . now how about pizza ? tommy ( indicate he plate ) I will stick with the salad . o'connor not for lunch , shmuck , for pac money . a lot of the freeze pizza use phony cheese . there 's a law pend require they to disclose it on they label . where do you stand ? Tommy think it through . tommy if I vote for the label ... then I get money from the dairy industry ... ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 63 . 94 continued : ( 2 ) 94 o'connor good ... tommy and if I vote against the label , I get money from the freeze food guy . o'connor excellent ! and do not forget the rancher , because they get hurt if pepperoni sale go down ! tommy ( laugh in admiration ) a pepperoni lobby . I love this town . o'connor so which be it ? tommy fuck the cheese people . thanks to they my office smell like smelt for a week . o'connor all right . for. tommy so Tommy , tell I -- with all this money on every side , how do anything get do ? o'connor it do not ! that 's the genius of the system ! 95 int . tommy' office - day 95 a briefing in progress . flip chart , ring binder , celia , ira , a couple of other pro bono type . Tommy be rivete by celia . celia it come down to a question of what be acceptable risk . be we willing to feed we kid a substance that cause cancer in lab rat ? more important , who get to make the decision ? bureaucrat and big corporation , or the people whose life depend on it ? the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 64 . 96 int . tommy' boiler room - day 96 Tommy 's staff share one small office . everyone 's on the phone . van dyke Mr. Willie ? Congressman Johnson be call . can you take he call ? thank you . please hold . Van dyke put he on hold , count to three , get back on the line . van dyke I be sorry , Mr. Willie , he just pick up another call . listen , I know why he be call -- he have not hear from you about he fundraiser ... pan to armando . armando ... that 's right , Mr. Brown , on the thirtieth ... a thousand a couple ... a whole table ? he will be so happy to hear it . thank you so much . ( call ) Loretta ! put down nuclear power for ten ge . pan to Loretta , who chalk the figure onto a toteboard . loretta cool. ( into phone ) Mr. newburg ? it 's miss Loretta , from Congressman Johnson 's office , how you doin ' ? on Loretta 's bulletin board be a map of the United States , with flag , pushpin , and air travel route . loretta say , the congressman 's go to be out you way next week ... Palm Springs , the Bob hope classic -- yes , a celebrity player . as long as he 's on the coast , we be wonder whether you aerospace people might want to lay on a lunch so you can hear he view ... uh-huh ... uh-huh ... Lovely . now what kind of contribution to he foundation you folk think about ? the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 65 . 97 int . tommy' office - day 97 celia continue she briefing . celia ... and in the 1988 study , it be up to eight per hundred - thousand . um ...am I lose you on this mortality rate ? tommy no , I be just wonder how much of this be a statutory problem , and how much be a regulatory one ? I mean , do not the merton Act cover most of this ? celia ( surprised ) hmmm , that 's a excellent point . let I see something ... as she start rummage in she briefcase , we track around to a computer screen on Tommy 's desk -- it display the exact word he's just spoken . celia wow ... you be right . maybe we can get they to amend merton -simmon . rack focus ... reveal reinhardt in b.g. , sit at another computer terminal . he be type in Tommy 's response , which appear on Tommy 's screen . tommy well , for merton to apply you have to show high contagion ... sound to I like you contagion rate be no higher than the common clod . in b.g. , reinhardt dive forward to he keyboard and begin correct he typo . celia look puzzle . tommy common cold . ( beat ) must have pick up a little dyslexia over the weekend . celia I see . well , I must say I be pretty impressed . tommy you be also impressively pretty . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 66 . 97 continued : 97 celia be startle . Tommy be embarrassed ... the dumb compliment he 's just speak be one reinhardt type on the computer screen . celia oh come on ... tommy you be right . sorry . Excuse I a second . ( call out ) Arthur ? without explanation , he throws he pencil hard out of frame . reinhardt ( o.s. ) ow ! 98 ext . gulf stream jet - airborne - day 98 a jet fly through the sky . 99 int . gulf stream jet - day 99 Tommy and handful of other member listen to they gun lobbyist host . gun lobbyist frankly , we think the semi-automatic have get a bad rap . that 's why the american sport gun user pac put together this trip . on tommy and dodge enjoy champagne and hor d'oeuvre . 100 ext . duck blind - day 100 Tommy , wear full l.l. bean drag , wading with the other member . someone blow a shriek duck call . a flock take flight . everyone in the group raise they weapon : AK - 47 . a burst of gunfire . rambo time . we see the flock still fly . one duck drop at the foot of the hunter . tommy must have have a heart attack . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 67 . 101a ext . golf course - first tee - day 101a a large sign read : scrap iron institute celebrity pro - am . Tommy tee off . he be wear a veritable pro shop of custom golf gear , all emblazon with logo of corporate sponsor and lobby . he hit the ball about 200 yard ... but more or less perpendicular to the hole . reveal bob hope stand nearby , watch . bob hope I know all this congressman get a slice , but I do not know it be that big . 101 int . jet - day 101 Tommy on the phone . tommy do you miss I ? 102 int . pro bono office - day 102 celia at she desk in the somewhat ratty pro bono office . celia where do you go ? intercut celia and tommy tommy oh , a fact - find mission , some issue conference , a few speak engagement , a charity event ... the usual . celia more like the Petroleum Institute ski Cup , the nra open , the -- tommy hey . have lunch with I tomorrow . celia I can not -- we be have a press conference . tommy what be it -- the ozone layer ? no fault ? killer apple ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 68. 102 continued : 102 celia ( laugh ) toy safety . wait a minute . tomorrow 's Friday . be not you back early ? tommy ( beam ) you remember ! that mean you miss I . 103 ext . jefferson memorial - night 103 Tommy and celia walk over the bridge to the cherry tree by the tidal basin . tommy so , how would you end up hustling for pro bono instead of pesticide ? I mean , you could have be a big - time lawyer , right ? celia oh , I be for a while . it ... depressed I . tommy at a hundred grand a year , how depressed can you get ? do not it depress you to lose all the time ? celia sometimes . mostly it get I angry . and the anger keep I go . sure , I would not mind win a few . and it 's not like I be allergic to money ... tommy so why do you do it ? she skip a stone on the water . celia God , it 's so embarrassing to come out and say it . tommy say it . celia meaning . I need my life to mean something . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 69 . 103 continued : 103 this actually hit Tommy . celia , embarrassed , change the subject . celia my question be , how would you get name after a Memorial ? tommy grandma like jefferson . y'know , " life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . " it 's a lot to live up to , so I specialize in the last part . celia and how 's the pursuit go ? tommy Fine ...' till I meet you . now ... the better I do , the worse I feel . they have stop walk . they be stand close together . they kiss . tommy so ... when can I see you again ? how about dinner Saturday night ? she shake she head . celia how about Sunday morning ? tommy brunch ? 104 int . old church - baltimore - day 104 in the pulpit , Rev. elijah Marshall thunder : marshall the wage of sin be death ! and to the man who value gold over goodness ... the Lord allow no exemption ! reveal tommy and celia in the front pew . Marshall appear to be preaching directly to Tommy , who wear a slightly sick smile . marshall to the man who show no respect for the privilege of walk this Earth , God allow no deduction ! ( more ) ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 70 . 104 continued : 104 marshall ( cont 'd ) ( amen ) and to the man whose pocket be bulg and whose soul be empty ... the Lord grant no 90 - day extension ! ( amen ) and when the last trump sound , believe I , you will be audite ! tommy ( aside to celia ) this be one hell of a date . 105 ext . church - day 105 on the step , Marshall shake hand with he congregant . Tommy and celia exit the church . Marshall take celia by the hand and kiss she familiarly . Tommy be take aback . marshall hello , darling . glad you could make it . celia I like the sermon , uncle eli . tommy uncle eli ? marshall my niece say you be not half as slimy as I think . tommy you niece ? marshall that would put you somewhere between a lizard and a toad . quite a step up . Tommy look from Marshall to celia and back again . tommy how could I have miss the family resemblance ? 106 ext . cannon build - day - establishing 106 107 int . cannon top floor - day 107 whistling happily , Tommy round the corner and head to he office . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 71 . 107 continued : 107 ahead of he , encampe in the hallway , he see a phalanx of senior citizen , many carry placard , and some camera crew . Tommy adjust he tie , turn on the charm , and approach . tommy lady ! look good ! how can I help you folk today ! but hattie rifkin and she troops will have none of it . hattie do not " lady ! " I , you dick ! the camera light go on . 108 int . dodge's office - day 108 dodge now let I get this straight . you vote to make people on medicare pay more money to they doctor ? tommy the Medical Association make a persuasive case . ten grand from they pac , plus Christmas in aspen . dodge ( shaking he head ) Tommy -- if I be not mistaken , you would not be here without the good senior citizen of you district . you get to dance with the girl that brung you , son . if you have a bit of business to do , do it quietly ... in the corridor ... in the subcommittee ... with little amendment . you mess around on the big one like medicare , you will be dead meat on election day . tommy yeah , well , then it 's thanks for the memory , and on to the next gig . dodge do you know what you problem be , son ? you do not think big enough . you have a real knack for this town , but you have the soul of a two - bit hustler . listen to I , Tommy . ( more ) ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 72 . 108 continued : 108 dodge ( cont 'd ) five hundred thirty - five member of Congress . some be smart , and some stupid . some good , some not . but all of they , son , all of they consume by the single override imperative that define the very Washington way of life . tommy which be ? dodge get re-elect . tommy wait a minute . you be talkin ' ' bout my re-election ? dodge you do not know what percent of the incumbent who run last time get re-elect , do you ? tommy fifty ? sixty ? dodge ninety -six . and ninety - eight before that . it 's like that election after election . if you do not fuck up , you can be here , rake it in , for life . life , Johnson . Tommy consider this . then a big smile . tommy I can think of worse place to get life . dodge ( smile ) I know you have it in you . tommy so how do I get the Silver fox off my ass ? dodge oh , throw they a bone ... why do not you co-sponsor a bill for mandatory universal health insurance ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 73 . 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 tommy what 's that mean ? dodge nothing . it will never pass . 109 int . tommy' reception area - day 109 a couple of lobbyist await Tommy . Van dyke man the desk . in come ellen juba , 40s , and she 13 - year - old daughter , mickey , whose pony tail stick out from she Florida marlin baseball cap . van dyke May I help you ? mrs . juba yes , I be ellen juba . this be my daughter , mickey . we would like to see we congressman . we live in the district . van dyke just a moment , please . ( dial ; into phone ) could you come out ? thank you . ( hang up ) be right with you . ( to mickey ) I like you hat . Loretta come out and extend a hand . loretta how do you do , I be miss Loretta , public liaison for the congressman . mrs . juba ellen juba . my daughter mickey . we would like to see he . loretta y'all from the district ? up here seein ' the sight ? how would you folk like some gallery pass ? go on over and listen to the great debate of we day ? she reach into Van dyke 's desk drawer to get some pass . mickey we do not want to go to the gallery . we want to see Congressman Johnson . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 74 . 109 continued : 109 loretta how ' bout a House key ring for each of you ? here -- see that ? be not that something ? turn into a pen . mrs . juba you do not understand . we be not tourist . we be constitutent . loretta ( helpfully ) you be not with some organization , be you , honey ? mrs . juba I be a goddam citizen ! be not that enough ! mickey we be not leave here till we see he ! Loretta exchange a look with the lobbyist , who get the picture . she pick up the phone and speak nonchalantly . loretta oh , armando ? could you come out front , please ? Tommy enter , carry a enormous tennis trophy . tommy look what I win ! must be that new racket . armando have come out to hear this . armando there a problem , congressman ? mrs . juba Congressman ? you ? armando try to escort she out . mrs . juba get you hand off I ! mickey try to block armando . mickey let go of she , you creep ! ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 75 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 sixth lobbyist careful , she may be armed ! mickey stop it ! get away from she ! armando , defend himself from mickey , manage to knock she hat off . with the hat come she ( apparently false ) pony tail . on mickey . she 's bald . her skull bear the mark of surgery . everyone stop . it 's quiet . mickey 's eye burn into Tommy 's . then she pick up she hat . mickey come on , ma . it 's okay . let 's go . tommy wait . what happen to you ? mickey not just I . 110 int . tommy' office - day 110 Tommy and he staff listen to the jubas . mickey I be lucky . they say they get it all . I be go to be okay . but what about the other ? tommy the other ? mrs . juba they call it a " cancer cluster . " oh , at first , none of we in the neighborhood want to believe it , but then we all see it -- for I , it be when the two - year- old across the street develop a brain tumor , same as mickey . we look at everything -- the water , the air , dump site , insect , you name it . but we do not have to look that far . it be stare we in the face . tommy what ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 76 . 110 continued : 110 mickey power line . mrs . juba High -voltage power line . the wire cause magnetic field -- and the magnetic field cause cancer . especially in child . tommy I never hear of that . mickey pull a stack of journal and xerox from she book bag and give it to she mother , who in turn give the material to Tommy . mrs . juba the study , the number -- it 's all there . mickey ( to Tommy , skeptical ) you be not actually go to read that , be you ? tommy ( catch ) oh , they will be read ... mickey why do not you come see for yourself ? Tommy have no quick answer . 111 ext . park / school - florida - day 111 Children play on swing and seesaws in a small public park . tilt up . a pair of electric power derrick carry 225,000 - volt line almost directly overhead . the derrick cast shadow across a nearby school . we see the neighborhood . quite a few for sale sign . a house with a move sale in progress on the front lawn . on Tommy take it all in . with he be celia and the jubas . mrs . juba five child in the neighborhood have cancer . one more have precancerous lesion . pregnant woman around here be scared to death . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 77 . 111 continued : 111 tommy this be mickey 's school ? mrs . juba turn out a lot of school be near power line . the land 's cheap , so the school tend to buy it from the power company in the first place . tommy but be not the school district responsible ? mrs . juba we ask the superintendent to measure the magnetic field inside the school . he say , okay , only it will cost forty thousand dollar , and what program do we want he to cut that from ? tommy Nice . mrs. juba we be nobody , congressman . you be somebody . we need you help . Tommy take celia aside . tommy do you believe it ? celia it 's impossible to know . no one 's really look into it hard enough . tommy but why be not it be investigate ? celia why do not they investigate breast implant all that year ? what about that side - effect of that sleep pill , halcion ? why be not anything be investigate ? it 's always the same . tommy money talk . celia you get it . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 78 . 111 continued : 111 tommy there must be something I can do for that people . celia do not tell I you be actually develop a conscience . tommy shit , I hope not -- it would be a fuck nuisance in Congress . celia no , that 's not fair . some people on the Hill actually believe in thing , and try to do a decent job , and do not forget why they go to Washington , and who send they . tommy ( amaze ) no shit. ( remember ) oh , yeah , I meet one of that geek . so what can I do ? celia make a stink . round up some member and hold a press conference . get that committee of yours to hold hearing . haul in in the Environmental Protection Agency , the surgeon General , the National Academy of Sciences . get the issue on every breakfast table in America . 112 omitted 112 112a int . power and enterprise committee - day 112a a press conference . half a dozen congressman , Tommy among they . Iowa be speak to the few cameras and Reporters . beside he , mickey juba and she mother . reinhardt and ceila among the handful of staff and onlooker . iowa this go beyond personal tragedy . it go to a public health hazard of unknown proportion . it go to the right of ordinary people to know all the fact -- ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 79 . 112a continued : 112a tommy yeah , right -- people ought to know if they neighborhood be kill they . dodge ( o.s. ) amen , gentleman . amen . they turn , somewhat surprised to see Dick dodge , who join Iowa at the microphone , a natural leader . dodge what a fine effort this be . I be totally sympathetic . congressional hearing should be schedule as soon as possible . the american people deserve no less . he put a arm around mickey . dodge message : we care . 112b int . tommy' house - night 112b Tommy and celia be watch the press conference on tv . celia well , congratulation . you have find yourself you own hopeless cause . tommy speak of hopeless cause ... they kiss , and slide out of frame . 113 omitted 113 &amp ; &amp ; 114 114 115 int . dodge's office - night 115 a impressive thunderstorm pound on dodge 's window . dodge ( pour ) on the rock , or neat ? tommy whatever you be have . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 80 . 115 continued : 115 dodge well , why ruin good bourbon with the taste of some shitty sear icemaker , that 's what I always say . ( hand Tommy a glass ) cheer . tommy cheer . dodge downs he drink . Tommy follow suit . dodge Son , you be a real comer . I would not be surprised if you end up in the leadership . I will say this : if I be speaker , I would sleep better with you as a lieutenant . tommy why , thank you , Mr. Chairman . you know , to tell you the truth , I do not know you would be on my side on that power line . dodge but I be not . tommy but you say you be sympathetic -- dodge of course I do . we be all sympathetic to little girl with cancer . but I be not sympathetic to hold a inquiry . tommy but you say -- dodge I know what I say . but that be just a press conference , son . I be not under oath . the intercom buzy . dodge ( into phone ) yes ?... bring they right in ! ( hang up ) look. Son . it 's great to get you name in the paper . ( more ) ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 81 . 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 dodge ( cont 'd ) I bet the gentleman from Iowa be all over the evening news in Des Moines tonight . get good press -- let they know you care -- that 's what it 's all about . smart move , Tommy . but that 's as far as I would go with this , if I be you . the door open . dodge turn to see olaf Anderson , Tommy O'Connor , and Zeke bridge enter . dodge what a surprise ! andersen Mr. Chairman ! dodge Mr. Chairman ! hello , Tommy . Zeke you be look well , good to see you . zeke ( wheeze ) good to see you , you old sum ' bitch . o'connor even , Mr. Chairman , thanks for take the -- Tommy , you s.o.b. , they let you in here ? ( indicate andersen and bridge ) you folk finally get to press flesh ! olaf , meet Tommy Johnson . Tommy , olaf andersen . Chairman of Gulf Coast power . tommy the boy here have tell I a lot about you . o'connor yeah -- I tell he you vote for he ! they all share a laugh . except for bridge , who squint at Tommy . andersen glad to meet you , son . they tell I you have get a real talent for the game . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 81a . 115 continued : ( 3 ) 115 o'connor and this be Zeke bridge , ceo of pyramid insurance . zeke ( still puzzle ) Congressman . tommy good to meet you . dodge help I with this , would you , Tommy ? he hand Tommy a couple of drink . tommy ( to Zeke ) chiva on the rock ? zeke ( take the drink ) you look awfully familiar . Tommy just smile . dodge Tommy and I be just talk about power line . tommy yeah , what a coincidence . I think this little party might be for I . ( to Anderson ) you may not like this . ( to dodge ) I think we should hold that hearing . dodge you really fall for the line that parent group feed you , do not you ? Tommy be strike by dodge 's intelligence . tommy how would you know I meet the parent group ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 81b. 115 continued : ( 4 ) 115 dodge oh , I keep my ear to the ground , that 's what a good politician do . listen , Tommy , why do not we just get olaf 's take on this . andersen it 's tragic , cancer 's a terrible thing , but there 's no way you can link it to power line . Truth be , there 's a bigger electromagnetic field give off by a electric blanket , or a microwave oven , than by that derrick . tommy but there be study that say -- zeke for every study that say one thing , I will show you a study say another . we have study it ourselves . nada . andersen there 's not a single state health official anywhere in this country who say power line cause cancer . tommy but what if you be wrong ? as Tommy persist , andersen look increasingly angry . tommy people do not use to say smoking cause cancer , either . what if the evidence be just building , and some day we wake up and discover that you power line be kill we ? andersen ( explode ) " kill we " ? " kill we " ? you call I a murderer ? you be say there 's blood on this hand ? how dare you talk to I like that , you -- O'Connor put a restrain arm on andersen . o'connor calm down , olaf , calm down , he do not mean it that way , do you , son ? alright , gentleman . easy . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 82 . 115 continued : ( 5 ) 115 andersen back off , regains he composure . the outburst make a impression on Tommy . Tommy I be just say , it 's worth look into . andersen Tommy -- do you want to move the power line ? do you know how much it would cost to bury they ? million . ten of million . I do not have that money . the state do not have that money . you people up here sure do not have that money . you know who would end up pay for it ? folk who send you here , that 's who . o'connor now how would you like the people in you district to think of you as the putz who triple they electric bill ? you think they would thank you for that on election day ? tommy all I be say be , maybe we should hold hearing to look at -- o'connor think for a minute , boychik . you hold you hearing . overnight , everyone who life near a substation find the value of he home in the toilet . you kill the real estate market . zeke you kill the insurance company . o'connor you kill the school district . anderson you kill the local economy . dodge for a smart boy , you be not think very politically . Tommy watch the lightning . tommy maybe I should think about it . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 83 . 115 continued : ( 6 ) 115 dodge yeah , the system be not perfect , but the fleas come with the dawg . andersen oh , by the way , Tommy , on a completely different subject -- you do not have a state pac yet , do you ? I would like to give you a hundred thousand dollar corporate contribution to start one up . zeke my company would be honore to do the same . tj can you do that ? I think there be limit -- o'connor oh , it 's all aboveboard , we all believe deeply in the rule . it 's just that the state rule be often more flexible about this thing . andersen be you interested ? tj I be always interested in the happiness of my constituent . dodge I will drink to that . dodge and andersen shoot each other a look . 116 omitted 116 &amp ; &amp ; 117 117 118 ext . tommy' house - night 118 Tommy pull up in a corvette with Florida congressional plate in front of he Capitol Hill row house . 119 int . tommy' bedroom - night 119 Tommy slip into bed next to celia , who 's half asleep . celia mmmm ... ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 84 . 119 continued : 119 tommy mmmm ... celia so what do he say ? tommy who ? celia dodge . the hearing . tommy oh -- I , uh , have not ask he yet . celia suddenly look quite awake . tommy ( casual ) it be not the right moment . besides , I be think , maybe I ought to line up some other member first -- you know , get my duck in a row . celia oh. 120 int . house steam room - day 120 Dick dodge and several other towel - clad member . dodge you see that ABC poll ? third member free fall . dodge President in trouble like that , he 's liable to do something desperate . some damn fool stunt . FOURTH member invade Japan . fifth member declare war on Congress , more like it . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 3/25/92 85a. 120 continued : ( A1 ) 120 the door open . eli Marshall , fully dress , come in . marshall you shaft I on the ethic bill . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 86 . 120 continued : 120 dodge hello , eli , good to see you . why do not you loosen you tie ? marshall it 's a close rule . I can not get my amendment on the floor . I can not get a record vote . I can not get squat . dodge last time I look , it be the rule Committee in charge of that . this be not the rule Committee , eli . this be the steam room . marshall this be the U.S. Congress ! the american people deserve better than -- dodge you know what you problem be , eli ? you have get sermonitis . the other member chuckle . dodge can not open you mouth without climb into the pulpit , can you ? why do not you just calm down , have a massage -- marshall I have get news for you , Dick . I be go to run against you for speaker . I may not have a rat 's ass of a chance to beat you . but I sure as hell can tell the world the kind of sleaze you stand for . 121 ext . capitol terrace - day - tommy and dodge 121 dodge I go too far with he , I know it . you know he pretty well , do not you ? tommy oh , I do not know ... dodge come on , you play basketball together , you be see he niece , you have be to he church -- tommy how do you know that ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 87 . 121 continued : 121 dodge indicate he bloodhound nose . dodge he will listen to you , Tommy . I want you to go make peace between we . tell he we will work something out on he amendment -- not a vote , I will not go that far , but at least he will get to say he piece on the floor . just get he off my back . can you do that for I ? tommy that 's not a question , be it ? dodge that 's right . be there a problem ? tommy no , no -- I have still get my right nut , I can work with that . 122 int . crab house - night 122 a waiter remove a empty pitcher of beer . waiter another ? tommy sure , why not . Marshall take a boil crab from the platter between they , place it on the butcher paper in front of he , christen it -- marshall the honorable Dick dodge . -- raise a big wooden mallet , and smashes it on the crab , smile . tommy you know , eli , sometimes people do thing they regret . everyone make mistake . fact be , Dick 's be under a lot of pressure lately -- marshall that man 's a walk quid quo pro -- prid quo -- quid pro quo , and you know it . he put you up to this , do not he ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 88 . 122 continued : 122 tommy what do you mean ? marshall do not shit I , Tommy . you be Dick dodge 's yes -man . I know what you be up to . this be damage control . tommy I be not a yes-man . when Dick say no , I say no . Marshall smashes down again with the mallet . crab carnage . marshall you know why no one on the Hill drop a dime on anyone else ? mutual assure destruction . we little gentleman 's agreement . everybody have something on somebody , so nobody have anything on anybody , because everybody want to save he own ass . tommy ( interested ) oh , yeah ? what do they have on you ? marshall they think I be a pompous ass . tommy shit , that be not no secret . 123 ext . crab house - night 123 reinhardt and Loretta about to go in . loretta you sure they do not want to be alone , reinhardt ? reinhardt no , no -- I bet they have be talk about the ethic bill all night . come on , Loretta , you will know how to get Marshall 's mind off business . 124 int . crab house - night - on marshall and tommy 124 marshall shit , this place be not about pass law any more . it be not about do good any more . all it 's about be ... be here . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 88a. 124 continued : 124 Loretta and reinhardt approach they table . loretta well , as I live and breathe . Tommy ! Tommy be surprised to see they . she flash a smile at Marshall . tommy eli , this be Loretta hick , from my staff . Loretta , Congressman Marshall . loretta pleasure to meet you . marshall entirely mine . tommy you know reinhardt , my aa ? Marshall nod . reinhardt turn to Tommy . reinhardt Excuse I , congressman , could I just do a couple of quick calendar thing with you ? marshall ( to Loretta ) would you care for a drink ? loretta tell you the truth , nothing for I . marshall well , when a pretty lady shoot he down , a old man know it 's time to go home . Marshall rise , pull out he car key . marshall you kid have a good time . reinhardt ( indicate pitcher ) listen , you gentleman look like you have have a few -- Loretta , why do not you be a designate driver ? Loretta stand and take Marshall 's key from he . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 89 . 124 continued : ( 2 ) 124 loretta excellent idea . marshall ah . the good samaritan . loretta good night , y'all . they leave . reinhardt now we have already get the bankruptcy Institute breakfast tomorrow , but if you do not mind we could wedge in the prune board -- this be not what Tommy want to be do now . he get up . tommy I be pack it in . reinhardt ( also rise ) can we talk while I drive you ? tommy thanks , I will walk . I could use the air . 125 int . marshall be car - moving - night 125 Marshall and Loretta be sing . marshall and loretta " amazing grace , how sweet the sound , that save a wretch like I -- " 126 ext . capitol hill STREET - night 126 Tommy be on foot . Marshall 's car , with its maryland congressional plate , pull over . loretta come on , honey , no use you get mug . 127 int . marshall be car - moving - night 127 marshall and loretta " I once be lose , but now be find ; be blind , but now I see ... " Tommy , in the back , cradle he head . as Loretta head into a traffic circle , she sees the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 90 . 128 ext . traffic circle - night - a hooker 128 in high sling - back heel . 129 int . marshall be car - night 129 loretta ( turn to look ) check out the fuck - I pump on that . mm-mm . I gotta get I some shoe like that . tommy Loretta ! please ! you mouth ! 130 ext . traffic circle - night 130 with a screech of brake and a crunch of metal , a taxi rear -end they , slamming Marshall 's car into a lamppost . 131 int . taxi - night 131 the taxi Driver look at the wreck for a moment . then he lay rubber and squeal away . 132 int . / ext . marshall be car - night 132 on the back floor , Tommy stir . seem to be okay . lift himself to see up front . the windshield be smashed . Loretta and Marshall be both unconscious . Tommy climb into the front but can not get the door open . he kick out a break window and climb through . he run to a phone on the corner and dial 911 . tommy I need a ambulance right away . in the car no motion from Loretta or Marshall . at the phone he dial another number . tommy even , Mrs. dodge , Tommy Johnson here , sorry to call at this hour , be Dick back from the gridiron dinner yet ? could I speak with he for just a moment ? 133 int . dodge bedroom - night 133 mrs . dodge be in bed . she hand the phone to dodge , who 's in white tie and tail , look more sinister than splendid . mrs . dodge Tommy Johnson . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 91 . 133 continued : 133 dodge ( into phone ) what 's wrong ? intercut Tommy and dodge . tommy how do you know ? dodge good news do not come at this hour . tommy I go out with Marshall . we get into a accident . he 's out cold . I be okay . dodge look off balance . dodge be you drive ? tommy no. someone else . Loretta . dodge recover he equilibrium . dodge the girl from you office ? tommy yeah . she 's out , too . I do not like the way it look . for anybody . look . you say you want to get back into Marshall 's good grace . well , here 's a opportunity . dodge listen carefully . tell the ambulance to take you to walter reed . it 's a privilege they give congressman . it 's also the only hospital without a bunch of goddam reporter shtupping the nurse in exchange for leak . they will keep it quiet . I will handle the police . you go home and keep you mouth shut . 134 int . parking garage - night 134 two figure approach one another in the shadow : reinhardt , and the taxi Driver who rear-end Marshall 's car . the cabbie nod . reinhardt hand he a envelope . the Driver inspect the cash . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 91a . 135 int . tommy' bathroom / bedroom - morning 135 Tommy be shave . he hear the local tv news from the bedroom . WASHINGTON anchor ( v.o. ) ... and the beltway be bumper - to bumper , so you might as well take a day of annual leave and enjoy yourself . at the top of the news , maryland Congressman elijah Marshall be in satisfactory condition at walter reed Hospital after a overnight accident in the District . Tommy bolt into the bedroom . on the television he see 136 video - ext . walter reed hospital - gate - day 136 a correspondent do a stand - up . correspondent that 's right , Tom . Marshall reportedly have alcohol in he blood . also slightly injure be a unidentified woman whom police say have a record in several state for prostitution . Tommy look sick . tommy oh sweet Jesus . WASHINGTON anchor Linda , Congressman Marshall -- that 's reverend Marshall , be not it ? correspondent right you be , Tom . how this play into he longstand campaign to reform congressinoal ethic be now anyone 's guess . WASHINGTON anchor thank you . in other news ... Tommy leap for he clothes . 137 int . hospital corridor - day 137 Tommy race down the corridor . ahead of he , celia , come out of Marshall 's room . she freeze at the sight of he . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 92 . 137 continued : 137 celia get away from he . he approach she . celia and get away from I . tommy I have to talk to you . celia go away ! tommy I be set up ! celia you be set up ? you be in the car ! I do not hear you name on the news ! tommy no , someone screw he -- celia " someone " ? tommy celia , something stink here -- celia yeah -- it 's you ! you do not give a damn about anything ! and to think , the other night , I actually think you care about someone else . he put he hand to she face . she brushes it off . celia not I , you jerk -- mickey juba ! you cave on that power line , do not you ? I know it . damn it , I know it ! what do you get for it ? Tommy O'Connor 's box at the redskin ? someone slip you a condo in the virgin Islands ? tommy if you would give I a chance to -- ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 93 . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 celia God , I hate this town -- the only reason I stay be because I hate it so much . tommy celia -- celia get the hell out of here . 138 ext . florida park - day - long shot - tommy and 138 mickey juba sit on the ground , back to we , beneath the power line . a quiet moment . reverse angle - two shot . mickey be shuffle a deck of card . mickey be it thumb over , or thumb under ? tommy under . she try she hand at a false shuffle . tommy not bad , kid . you have get potential . mickey so what 's happen ? I think you be go to kick some ass on -- she indicate the derrick . Tommy look at she , come to a decision . tommy I be . he take the deck from she , fan it face up , pull all the king and ace , stack they on top , and square the deck . tommy this be one 's call the double duke . how many player ? mickey six. tommy who 's the mark ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 94 . 138 continued : 138 she point to a imaginary poker player . mickey number two -- over there . Tommy , smile , calculate something for a moment , then give the deck four shuffles . he hand mickey the card . tommy you deal . she deal out six hand in a circle on the ground . tommy look at the sucker 's hand . she turn over the hand at number two . it have the four king . mickey whistle at the hand . tommy look at you hand . she turn over she own hand . it have the four ace . mickey look at the power line , at the hand , at tj . then , understanding : mickey that 's what you be go to do ? Tommy nod . her face open into a big smile . mickey let 's kick some ass . what do I do ? tommy something very important . 139 int . tommy' live room - day 139 Tommy pow - wow with Loretta Van dyke , and armando . aside from a sling , Loretta look okay . van dyke why be we meeting here , Tommy ? there trouble at the office ? tommy ( impersonate dodge ) " I keep my ear close to the ground . " his ear my ass . he have a inside man . armando that little fuck reinhardt ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 95 . 139 continued : 139 loretta hot damn -- I know my drive be not that bad . speak of which -- you think I should wear one of that whiplash thing , Tommy ? there some insurance angle I should be work here ? tommy we get bigger fish to fry , darlin' . van dyke what do we do ? tommy ( beat ) the big con . loretta we gonna git that sucker . tommy Dick always say I should think big . armando whoa ! be not we gettin ' out of we league , man ? that dodge be a pro ! van dyke you can not con a con , Congressman . loretta shit , that 's right , Tommy -- this politician be serious slick fish . tommy you people go soft on I ? bunch of fuckin ' incumbent I get here . now listen up . Thursday morning dodge have a breakfast with the Arts Caucus in the longworth room . armando -- find out how fast I can get from longworth to my office . Loretta -- we need some scoop from the EPA for the roper , I will give you a list . Van dyke -- call hattie at the Silver fox , and -- loretta wait a minute -- we need a new roper , do not we ? everyone around here know we face . outside a horn sound ( o.s. ) . Tommy look at he watch . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 96 . 139 continued : 139 tommy right on the nose . he throw open the bay window of the narrow house . just below be a pickup truck with " Homer 's pit stop " lettere on the side . Homer get out . tommy my man ! the other come to the window to see Homer , still wear he fuel - smear overall , and shout greeting . tommy now let 's get to work . 140 int . power and enterprise committee - day 140 the member be be seat for a hearing . at the dais , Tommy approach dodge . a beat as dodge study Tommy 's face . tommy eli Marshall catch he tail in a crack , do not he ? dodge he do . tommy you keep my name out of it . dodge I do . tommy I owe you one . dodge ( pleased ) you learn fast . tommy do I one favor , Dick . next time you pull some heavy shit involve my ass , tip I off , okay ? dodge ( indulgent chuckle ) alright , son . ( bang gavel ) this hearing of the power and Enterprise Committee be now in order . the health of America 's security industry -- ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 97 . 140 continued : 140 reinhardt approach Tommy and slip he a packet of material . tommy ( whisper ) thanks . listen , reinhardt , something 's come up , and I do not quite know how to handle it . there 's a guy from the EPA -- I do not know he -- say he want to see I . tonight . out of the office . alone , he say . sound of it make I nervous . I would feel better if you be there . reinhardt you get it , jefe . 141 ext . granth statue - night 141 a man wait , alone , in the shadow of a large statue . it 's Homer . in a jacket and tie , he stubble shave off , he look like a plausible government worker . Tommy and reinhardt approach . tommy Mr. yancey ? homer ( cold ) I think you would be alone . tommy he 's my aa . he go where I go . if you can trust I , you can trust he . Homer eye reinhardt a moment , then continue . homer Congressman , I have information I think you may want . it 's about something go on at the EPA . tommy what have you get ? homer I get a wife and three kid , and a note on my house , that 's what I get . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 98 . 141 continued : 141 tommy ( laugh ) nothin ' come for nothin ' in this town , do it ? ( to reinhardt ) you get any cash on you ? I be kind of light . reinhardt ( whisper ) you can not do that ! tommy ( to Homer ) this stuff 's pretty good ? homer in the right hand , it could mean a great deal . tommy okay . Sunday . fifth race at Del mar. blueboy be run twenty to one . I would take a major position . homer you have to be shitting I . tommy no , not at all -- my cousin Henry spend he day pump water into horse ' stomach and stuff percodan up they butt . trust I . reinhardt be interested in this . and he admire Tommy 's m.o . homer ( after a moment ) alright . the White House be put heat on the EPA . they want we to announce a major investigation of the relation between power line and cancer cluster . reinhardt but do not the EPA already do a study ? homer yeah , but when the draft get to the White House , they do not like it . so they bring they own scientist in to kill it . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 99 . 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 tommy why do the White House change its mind ? homer who know ? tommy be there new evidence ? homer yeah -- they poll have drop like a rock . they need a issue . this one make they look good on the environment , and they do not have to spend a penny . tommy and what good be this to I ? homer come on , congressman , in this town , information be currency . and advance information be gold . reinhardt nod in agreement . homer but you have get to move fast . once the White House go public with this , they can not turn back . if you friend at the power company want to kill this investigation , they would better do it now . even , gentleman . after Homer leave : reinhardt blueboy . twenty to one . be you cousin Henry always right ? tommy I be not get no cousin Henry . 142 ext . pay phone - by reflecting pool - night 142 reinhardt dial . mrs . dodge's voice ( v.o. ) hello ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 100 . 142 continued : 142 reinhardt Mrs. dodge , it 's Arthur reinhardt . May I speak to the Chairman , please ? dodge ( v.o. ) hello ? reinhardt be you sit down ? 143 int . art caucus room - day 143 the longworth room , a small circular committee room with a ornate rotunda . the Arts Caucus breakfast be end . third member unless there be further business , we caucus stand adjourned . dodge get up . as he make to leave , Tommy come in . tommy get a minute , Dick ? Tommy take he aside . the room empty except for they . tommy listen , Dick , I hear something . there 's get to be some bid 'ness in it . Tommy very discreetly gesture with he thumb and palm : money . tommy maybe we can go in on it together . dodge I be listen . tommy the EPA be go to make a stink about power line . the White House be push they to do a big study . dodge that 's very interesting , my friend . I have hear that , too . tommy ( act surprised ) nothing get by , do it ? Tommy touch he nose , in tribute to the master . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 100a . 143 continued : 143 dodge but thank you , son -- I be glad you choose to share it with I . we do make quite a team , do not we ? tommy I -- I hope it be not my press conference that start this . dodge no , this be a stunt for the poll . tommy so do you think there 's something in it for we ? dodge ( muse ) if we get the EPA off olaf andersen 's back , he would be extremely appreciative . tommy and how do we do that ? dodge my committee write the EPA 's program . we audit they fund . we confirm they appointee . I have get they by the ball . tommy and you be go to -- ? Tommy make a squeezing gesture , grin . dodge oh , no , not at all -- just ... persuasion . strenuous persuasion . tommy that 's allow ? dodge persuasion , yes . intimidation , no . but it 's a gray area . who 's to say which be which ? tommy Dick , wait a minute -- should not we check out the tip ? make sure the EPA 's really go through with this investigation ? ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 101 . 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 dodge of course . ( look at watch ) he should be in by now . tommy who ? dodge skeeter warburton , of course . always go right to the top , son . 144 int . dodge's reception area - day 144 dodge pass he Secretary 's desk on the way into he office . dodge get I the EPA administrator , please . 145 int . corridor / stairwell - cannon - day 145 Tommy jog along the corridor . a tourist family stare at he . he explain he haste with a smile -- tommy there 's a vote on the floor . -- and duck into the stairwell . 146 int . catacomb - phone cable room - day 146 in a chamber cramme with cable , the telephone man listen to a handset . he now sport a gold rolex on he wrist -- he horse must have come in . Van dyke , also there , look at any array of dial and meter , whose hand all suddenly move . some electronic phone chirp , then the filter ringing of a call . van dyke here he come . the telephone man nod , adjust some wiring , smile satisfiedly . telephone man and there he go . 147 int . tommy' office 147 Loretta wear a bead sling , which add to she look . she be at Tommy 's desk , watch he phone as it ring . Tommy come in . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 102. 147 continued : 147 tommy the administrator . Loretta pick up the phone . loretta Office of the adminstrator . ( listen ) thank you , I will put you right through . she hand the phone to Tommy , who mimic the George plimpton voice . tommy warbuton here . ( listen ) thank you . ( wait ) Mr. Chairman ! I do hope there 's something I can help you with today . 148 int . dodge's office - day 148 dodge I need a straight answer from you , skeeter . be the White House on you ass about power line ? tommy off the record ? dodge of course . tommy I be look forward to some serious sailing this week -- tish and I have a lovely spot right by Kennebunkport . instead , here I be at three in the morning , write testimony to you committee about cancer cluster . dodge thanks for you candor , warburton . tommy not at all . you must come sailing with we . cheer . bye-bye . Tommy pass the phone back to Loretta . tommy next . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 102a . 149 int . andersen' office - day 149 andersen yes ? secretary ( v.o. ) Zeke bridge on line two . andersen punch the button to connect the call . 150 int . tommy' office - day 150 loretta I will just put you through to he . she pass the phone to Tommy . tommy olaf ? ( cough ) olaf , Zeke bridge . listen , you sum ' bitch , I be so mad , I can not sit down to shit . have you hear what I hear ? ( wheeze ) intercut with andersen . andersen what 's that . tommy the EPA 's fix to make a big stink about power line and cancer . they be go to serve we up for breakfast . andersen wait a minute . there 's no scientific proof -- tommy proof do not mean shit . we be talk politics . they make a federal case out of power line , I be screw . Whole insurance business be screw . you know how much cash I would have to pay out in settlement ? even if I stiffe everybody on claim , the legal fee would be enough to kill I . andersen I can not believe it . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 103 . 150 continued : 150 tommy you better believe it . you be screw , too . every hot dog trial lawyer in America soon be lining up to sue both we ass . we get to move on this , olaf . if I be not tie up here , I would go to Washington myself . should not you be get on a plane ? just between we -- you find a way to stop this , I will find a million buck if I have to . 151 int . corporate jet - day 151 a very worried andersen . 152 int . hill corridor - day 152 Tommy and dodge walk along a Capitol hallway . dodge olaf will be at my office at five o'clock . tommy how do we play it ? dodge cool. Real cool . you just follow my lead . 153 int . dodge's office - day - dodge , tommy , andersen , 153 o'connor dodge I do not know how I can help you on this one , olaf . this be the EPA . this be the President . andersen this be my lifeblood ! dodge I see that , olaf , I see that . but in this town , you pick you fight . andersen this could mean six figure , Dick . dodge say nothing , but make he eyebrow fly . andersen High six figure . dodge flick he eyebrow again : more. ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 104 . 153 continued : 153 andersen Seven figure ? tommy between we . it 's not that much -- what can you get for half a million this day ? andersen how the hell can I funnel that kind of money to you ? o'connor if that 's what you want , we can always find a loophole . no one will see you fingerprint . andersen no one will know ? dodge no one will know . o'connor you be only in trouble if someone can prove a connection . dodge of course there 's no connection . olaf 's just make a contribution as a patriotic citizen . and in return for it , he 's get -- tommy good government . dodge exactly . a little access , that 's all . 154 int . ornate capitol hallway - day 154 dodge , andersen , Tommy , and O'Connor walk along . up ahead , a cocktail reception . on a easel by the door : hazardous waste association meet you representative night . dodge I have get to do a drop -by . you gentleman like to join I for a drink ? 155 int . ornate function room - day 155 dodge and Tommy work the room genially . Tommy spot celia talk to some guest and go over to she . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 105 . 155 continued : 155 tommy hi. celia ( to guest , smile ) Excuse I . she turn , start to walk away . Tommy stop she . tommy look . whatever you think of I , just promise I one thing . she glare at he angrily . but then she 's surprised to hear : tommy come to the clean Air hearing tomorrow . celia ( baffle ) what ? tommy power and Enterprise . noon. celia but why ? he give she a enigmatic smile and slip away . as he rejoin dodge , Tommy sees warburton enter the room . alarm , tommy move in on dodge , steering he to avoid the EPA administrator . tommy should not we be head off , Dick ? dodge let 's work the room just a bit more . reinhardt ( o.s. ) Congressman ! Mr. Chairman ! as dodge turn to see he -- dodge even , reinhardt . -- he sees warburton . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 106 . 155 continued : ( 2 ) 155 reinhardt ( o.s. ) good to see you , sir . by the way , I think you open statement in committee yesterday be brilliant . dodge point out warburton to Tommy . dodge well . look who 's over there -- skeeter warburton from the EPA . the very man we want to see . tommy ( try to turn he ) have you try the oyster , Dick ? dodge at a hazardous waste event ? ( shake head ) I think we will go talk to he . tommy no , he 's the wrong man -- dodge ( bemuse by Tommy ) you do not understand -- he 's the perfect man . tommy but -- but you do not want to bother he with this . talk to one of he underling -- dodge look at Tommy with curiosity , not understanding he reluctance . dodge nothing beat man-to-man . tommy here ? not here ! dodge a public place . what could be better ? tommy but it 's the wrong time ! dodge while the iron be hot , son . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 107 . 155 continued : ( 3 ) 155 reinhardt ( chime in helpfully ) no time like the present . tommy shut up , reinhardt , I be talk to the Chairman . beat it , okay ? reinhardt ( smile to dodge ) I will go get he . reinhardt head for warburton . tommy ( put hand on abdomen ) you hear about this stomach thing go around ? dodge come on , son , we have get the people 's business to do . he lead Tommy off to one side . reinhardt bring warburton to they . warburton Mr. Chairman . Congressman . dodge I have get a big problem , skeeter . warburton what 's that ? dodge you power line investigation . warburton what power line investigation ? Tommy be sweat bullet . dodge we be off the record , skeeter . this witch -hunt for cancer cluster be bad news for everyone . warburton I do not know what you be talk about , Dick . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 108 . 155 continued : ( 4 ) 155 dodge alright , I know you be be a good soldier -- warburton no , I be be straight with you -- dodge then let I be straight with you . you announce this study -- I be not talk about the result down the road , mind you , I be just talk about the announcement -- and there 's break crockery everywhere . Real estate . utility . insurance . school . local government . it will cost job . uproot family . warburton I agree with you completely . there be not go to be a investigation , old chap , I promise you . dodge ( beat ) I be glad we understand each other . warburton ( beat ) yes , I think we do . Tommy silently rejoice in he good fortune . dodge and we will just forget about that phone call this morning ? warburton we do not speak on the phone . dodge ( vastly impressed ) excellent . dodge clap he on the shoulder , then head off with Tommy , who be delighted to have dodge a bullet . tommy ( imitate warburton ) " there be not go to be a investigation , old chap . " dodge ( chuckle ) you be bad . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 109 . 155 continued : ( 5 ) 155 they join up with andersen and O'Connor . dodge ( sotto voce ) worked like a charm . we scared he shitless . the investigation 's dead . andersen waiter ! Champagne ! ( to dodge ) see you at the clear Air hearing . 156 int . tommy' reception area / corridor - day 156 as reinhardt come into the office , Tommy intercept he . tommy Morning , reinhardt ! get a minute ? I need you advice on something . reinhardt sure . Tommy lead he back into the corridor . 157 int . tommy' boiler room - day 157 Van dyke , armando , and Loretta work the phone . van dyke be this the assignment desk ? yes , I be call from Chairman dodge 's office , on the Hill . we want to be sure CNN be send a crew to the clean Air hearing today . armando ( overlapping ) no , not the new emission standard . we be break news . this be the biggest thing since watergate . loretta ( overlapping ) this be Cynthia leeson in the White House Press Office . my boss want I to let you folk know -- we be make a major announcement at the clean Air hearing today . ( listen ) no , I can not tell you , but it 's hot . ( listen ) well , if the New York Times want to be the only paper in town to miss the story of the year , that 's up to y'all . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 109a . 158 int . tommy' cage / corridor - day 158 Tommy have draw reinhardt into the cage . tommy I want to do a little something nice for dodge . that EPA thing -- he 's be good to I , reinhardt . be there some way I can , like , throw a bouquet to he at the hearing today without have to sit through that boring testimony shit ? reinhardt why do not you ask he to give you the floor at the start ? tommy he 's do that ? reinhardt for some flattery ? in a New York minute . just tip he ahead of time . tommy good think . they return to the corridor . Tommy look at he watch . tommy say , reinhardt , my grandma 's plane come in at ten . you would not mind pick she up and drive miss Daisy around , would you ? reinhardt can not one of the other do it ? tommy no , I do not trust they the way I trust you . tommy pat he on the back and send he on he way . 159 int . tommy' office - day 159 Tommy , join by he croney and the jubas . tommy this be it , people . game time . let 's get it right . armando tell I one thing , jefe . how do you know andersen be go to bite ? tommy I do not . you run a con , you run a risk . the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 110 . 160 int . power and enterprise committee - day 160 a hundred or so member of the public -- trade group , Hill staffer , lawyer , tourist -- settle into they seat . van dyke escort hattie rifkin and a busload of Silver fox . Loretta come in with ellen and mickey juba . grandma come in , on reinhardt 's arm . she be dress up as a biddy , down to a hat with fruit on it . committee member head for they seat at the dais . olaf andersen be at the witness table , along with a couple of other businessman . in a seat behind andersen , Tommy O'Connor . the PRESS . a good turnout , with several camera crew . WASHINGTON reporter # 1 you know what this be ? WASHINGTON reporter # 2 ( confidential ) it 's very hot . electric car . celia be seat with ira , she pro bono associate . celia I be cut out early . ira ( indicate tj ) do not want to run into he ? celia you get that right . at the day Tommy have a private word with dodge . tommy Dick , I think it might be a nice way to open if I congratulate you on the fine work you be doin ' on this committee . really express we appreciation . especially on behalf of the minority community . dodge why , thank you , son . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 111. 160 continued : 160 tommy ( indicate camera ) would not hurt to have tape like that in the bank , would it , Mr. speaker ? homer slip in next to reinhardt , who be surprised to see he . reinhardt Mr. yancey ? Arthur reinhardt . be you testify for the agency ? grandma ( lean over ) hello , Homer , dear . reinhardt no , Mrs. Johnson , you must be mistaken -- let I introduce you . this be Mr. yancey of the EPA . grandma ( to reinhardt ) do not be silly , child . homer Homer norton . Homer 's pit stop , axahatchee , Florida . grandma Homer 's know Tommy since they be in diaper . reinhardt ( get up ) what the -- ? from the row behind reinhardt , armando clamp reinhardt down . armando move and you be history . dodge gavel the meeting to order . dodge this meeting of the power and Enterprise Committee to consider the reauthorization of the clean Air Act be now in session . today 's first business be a panel of national leader in the field of utility . ( more ) ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 112. 160 continued : ( 2 ) 160 dodge ( cont 'd ) before I welcome they , chair would like to yield to the gentleman from Florida for a word . if there be no objection from the Committee -- ? the gentleman may proceed . tommy Mr. Chairman , on behalf of the other member of this committee , and on behalf of myself , I have a very personal statement to make . from the bottom of my heart , I want to thank you -- thank you for you leadership , for you insight , for you boldness ... dodge preens for the camera , until : tommy ... and for you courage . especially you courage . dodge ( surprised ) my courage ? tommy you courage in expose the corruption that eat away at this institution . you courage in take on the special interest . you courage in take a major new step -- dodge but I have ... I have ... I have do nothing new , nothing at all -- what be you talk about ? tommy you be right -- integrity be not new to you , Mr. Chairman , it 's second nature to you . still it 's a rare public servant who will take on the special interest money , take on the pac -- andersen , wary , sense danger . tommy ( o.s. ) take on the lobbyist and fat cat -- celia be fascinate . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 113 . 160 continued : ( 3 ) 160 tommy ( o.s. ) ... and who will stand up instead for ordinary american citizen ... on ellen and mickey juba tommy ( o.s. ) ... the plain people who just want peace of mind -- who just want to know they be raise they kid in safe neighborhood and send they to safe school . on the day dodge want to wrap this up . tommy yes , courage , Mr. Chairman , be a quality that you have in abundance -- dodge well , yes , thank you , but we have to move along , if the gentleman would -- tommy ( undeterred ) lady and gentleman , yesterday , the Chairman and I have a meeting in he office with olaf andersen of Gulf Coast power , and he lobbyist , Mr. Tommy O'Connor -- ( indicate ) this gentleman here . Chairman dodge and I listen in astonishment as olaf andersen offer we seven figure -- that 's one million dollar , lady and gentleman . a buzz in the room . o'connor lean forward to andersen . o'connor dodge double -cross we . andersen you be fire . on tommy tommy one million dollar , if we would stop the EPA from investigate the connection between power line and cancer cluster . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 114 . 160 continued : ( 4 ) 160 shock murmur sweep the room . reinhardt be aghast . homer and armando be delighted . tommy be not that right , Mr. andersen ? Tommy flick he eyebrow at andersen , provocatively , imitate dodge . andersen that 's a vicious lie . dodge gavel sharply , turn to Tommy . dodge will the gentleman yield ? andersen that 's not possible ! you can not give anyone that kind of money ! dodge continue gaveling . tommy oh , yes , you can . as Mr. O'Connor say to you , quote : " if that 's what you want , we can always find a loophole . no one will know . " remember say that , Tommy ? o'connor I do not ! dodge ( stand ) I insist that the gentleman yield ! Tommy also stand , and produce a video tape . tommy you can not deny it , Mr. andersen ! we have the whole thing on this tape ! the room erupt . the PRESS love it . still camera click and whir . dodge despair . reinhardt put he hand over he face . tommy yesterday , at Chairman dodge 's courageous suggestion , I tape the whole conversation . it 's all there . Mr. Chairman , I thank you . the people thank you . America thanks you . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 115 . 160 continued : ( 5 ) 160 audience applaud dodge . the clap be considerably sweeten by the panther and the rest of Tommy 's claque . dodge gauge they reaction , get a inspiration . the storm leave he face , and become a smile , which he beam on Tommy . dodge I thank the distinguished gentleman . and I thank my fellow citizen . we method in this investigation may have be unorthodox , but together -- ( indignant , at andersen ) we have expose a canker at the very heart of democracy . applause . Tommy be amaze at dodge 's survival skill . reinhardt , delighted at the turn , clap heartily . andersen , livid , leap up and shout at dodge . andersen you bastard ! you set I up ! dodge Witness be out of order ! andersen you stand to make a million buck off of I ! who offer you more ? I want to know ! a new buzz sweep the room . O'Connor try to restrain andersen , who slough he off . andersen you be as big a whore as he be ! mickey juba catch Tommy 's eye and mouth a question . mickey now ? Tommy shake he head : no. 161 int . hospital room - day 161 the phone by eli Marshall 's bed ring . he answer . marshall hello ? no . you be joke . ( to man in next bed ) you mind if I put on c-span ? the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 116 . 162 int . power and enterprise committee - day 162 andersen there 's no loyalty any more , be there , Dick ? what about the three hundred grand you squeeze from I for that goddam voter registration front of yours -- that just water under the bridge ? O'Connor try again to restrain he . andersen do not touch I , you scum ! mickey juba mouth : mickey now ? Tommy shake he head again . no. andersen what about the two hundred k for you phony foundation , Dick ? how about the ten thousand copy if you goddam autobiography you muscle I to buy -- what 's all that , ancient history ? andersen advance toward the dais , point now to six or seven other member of the Committee among the total of 28 . andersen and you -- what about that bundle check from my executive ? I give you my condo in vail ! I give you my corporate jet to fly all over the world ! I give you kid summer job ! I put up scholarship to put you kid through college ! I hire you goddam wife to redecorate my office ! you tell I none of that count for anything ? andersen grab dodge by the throat . andersen I think you people be for sale ! I be wrong -- you be just for rent ! dodge struggle free of andersen , who be drag away from dodge by Capitol Police . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 117 . 162 continued : 162 dodge how dare you impugn my integrity ! everything I have do have be completely legal ! tommy ( act astonished ) Mr. Chairman ! you mean to say you do all that stuff ? you take all that money ? shock in the room . some boos . iowa do a nice hog call . tj send a little wave and smile to celia . dodge there 's nothing I have do that -- ( indicate other member ) -- that this gentleman have not do ! Committee member rush to dissociate themselves from dodge . member no !... not I !... just he !... I never !... he cross the line ! andersen they be whore ! all of they ! mickey juba try again . mickey now ? tj nod yes . mickey throw the bum out ! laughter and applause . she 's touch a nerve . tj leap into the moment . tj damn straight ! throw the bum out ! this place be a outhouse ! on the public . gasp , whoops , and applause . reinhardt sink lower and lower into he seat . voice ( call ) throw the bum out ! throw the bum out ! ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 118. 162 continued : ( 2 ) 162 Tommy , enjoy the triumph , can not help rub dodge 's nose in it . tommy I owed you one . dodge wheel on Tommy , explode . dodge you lowlife hustler ! who be you to talk ? you get into this House through fraud . you think I do not check up on you ? he pull a piece of paper from the pile at he place . dodge lady and gentleman , I have here some rather startling revelation about this Mr. Johnson before you . this man be nothing but a con man ! a fresh buzz from the room . dodge a common grifter ! ( consulting paper ) he 's want in three county for bunco ! he 's a convict swindler ! some boos . reinhardt emerge from he hole , encourage . dodge ( o.s. ) a fugitive from justice for card sharping , bookmake , confidence game -- on dodge and tommy dodge -- and other charge the FBI have only begin to investigate ! I dare you to respond ! a hush in the room . tommy you know what ? he 's right ! but let I tell you something -- all that 's nothing , compare to what I pull here in Washington ... and this shit 's all legit ! ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 119 . 162 continued : ( 3 ) 162 laughter and applause . dodge bang the gavel repeatedly . dodge the gentleman be out of order ! the gentleman be out of order ! this committee be adjourned ! grandma leap to she foot . grandma stop bang ! stop bang ! that man have something to say ! massive applause . dodge be stunne by the enormity of the sentiment against he . tommy adjourned ? fine. leave. ( indicate camera ) turn you back on the whole country . that what you want to do , gentleman ? the member remain in place , paralyze . tommy ( to the room ) I be a con man . a small - time con man . do you know what it be like for I to come to Congress ? it be for like die and go to heaven . if I do back home the kind of scam I have run in Congress , my ass would be in sing sing . but no , I be not a crook -- up here , I be a distinguished gentleman ! 163 int . hospital room - day 163 eli , watch on television . tommy ( on tv ) now do not get I wrong . they be not all bum . but boy , do the rotten fish stink up the barrel . Marshall applaud . the man in the next bed join in . 164 int . power and enterprise committee - day 164 tommy now tell I , people -- while this guy be buy and sell each other , who 's stand up for you ? ( more ) ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 120 . 164 continued : 164 tommy ( cont 'd ) I will tell you who . nobody ! nobody get five hundred buck a hour to lobby for the average Joe ! there 's no shnook pac ! there 's no National Association for ordinary asshole ! sure , everyone 's against cancer , but " everyone " do not have a office on k Street ! ( to committee member ) do not you folk get it ? we be suppose to be the people 's lobbyist . Congress be suppose to be America 's political action committee . applause and shout of support . several member on the dais join the applause , see a win issue . celia shake she head in wonder . Tommy go to mickey and stand she up on a chair . tommy she 's right . throw the bum out -- start with I ! I be gonna find I a new party . the do not vote for I Party . any of y'all want to join up ? applause and call of enthusiasm . tommy well , come on , then ! c'mon , get up , we get work to do ! the room erupt , electrify , chant . voice throw the bum out ! throw the bum out ! Tommy be engulf by people and light . dodge , andersen , and O'Connor -- desperate , snarling -- be pin to the wall by the shout Press Corps . Loretta and grandma watch Tommy bask in he new notoriety . loretta that miss Oprah 's gonna love he ass . ( continued ) the distinguished gentleman - Rev. 4/3/92 121-124. 164 continued : ( 2 ) 164 celia arrive where Tommy be stand . she look at he a beat . then a big smile . they kiss . celia Tommy Johnson . kamikaze congressman . 165 ext . capitol step - day 165 Tommy and celia walk down the step , arm in arm . celia I can not wait to see that tape you make . Tommy pull it from he pocket , glance at it , and toss it away . tommy why ? I buy it this morning . it 's blank . as they continue down the step , camera crane up to wide shot of the Capitol and the town beyond . fade out . the end