T h E a m E R I C a N p R E S I D E N T screenplay by Aaron sorkin -------------------------------------------------------------- fade in : as the open tttles roll against a series of shot of statue and painting of former president , we hear shard of dialogue from various presidential speech . MAIN title end on ext . beautiful establishing shot of the white house - day it 's a early November morning , and the sun have just come over this extraordinary building . we hold on this for a moment before we CUT to : int . a corridor in the residence - day a secret service agent press the button by the private elevator as he talk into he shirt cuff . agent cooper Liberty 's move . another agent round the corner into the corridor and be follow a step or two later by president andrew benjamin shepherd . shepherd 's walk with he personal assistant , janie , a shy , professional and incredibly efficient 25 - year-old . janie the 10:15 event 's be move inside to the indian Treaty room . shepherd ( to janie ) the 10:15 be american Fishery ? janie yes , sir . they be give you a 200 - pound halibut . shepherd janie , make a note . we need to schedule more event where somebody give I a really big fish . janie start to make a note . janie yes , sir . shepherd janie , I be kid . janie of course , sir . shepherd ( to the agent at the elevator ) hey , Cooper . agent cooper ' Morning , Mr. President . shepherd and janie enter the elevator . as the door close ... janie Mr. rothschild ask to have a moment with you this morning . shepherd be he upset about the speech last night ? janie he seem concerned . shepherd well , it would not be a Monday morning unless Lewis be concerned about something I do Sunday night . the elevator door open , revealing lewis rothschild . at 32 , lewis be the President 's chief domestic policy advisor . it would appear that he average about two hour sleep a night , though that do not seem to slow he down . lewis you skip the whole paragraph . shepherd ( to janie ) and Monday morning it be . lewis fall into the pace as the three of they head for the double door lead to the South lawn . lewis " american can no longer afford to pretend that they live in a great society " ... and then nothing . you dumped the whole handgun paragraph . shepherd this be a time for prudence , Lewis . lewis that be the kick - ass section . the three of they be now outside and make they way down the cover walkway that run from the East wing to the West wing . shepherd I think what with be the President and all ... lewis Sir , of course I do not mean to imply -- shepherd I think you would be turn cartwheel this morning , Lewis -- 63 percent job approval . lewis that 's great news , sir , but ... they walk past a groundkeeper who 's at work at a patch of grass . groundkeeper ' Morning , Mr. President . before he 's even complete the last syllable of the greeting , janie quickly and quietly say -- janie Charlie . shepherd ' Morning , Charlie . lewis Sir , the press be gonna need a explanation . shepherd for what ? shepherd , lewis and janie walk through the door be hold open by a agent . the conversation continue as they make they way through the corridor of int . the west wing - day they walk quickly down a hallway teeming with staffer , aide and office worker . lewis because you drop the whole kick - ass section , now we have get this thing hang out there . shepherd there 's a thing hang out there ? lewis " Americans can no longer afford to pretend that they live in a great society . " then ... nothing . no explanation . no context . so now it 's just this thing . shepherd and it 's hang out there ? lewis yes , sir . shepherd stop at a open doorway , call to a staffer -- shepherd Maria -- staffer ( maria ) good morning , sir . shepherd do they tell you I be gonna need -- staffer ( maria ) -- overall consumer spend and not just first home . yes , sir . we will have it for you in 15 minute . shepherd thanks . shepherd move on . lewis and janie stay with he . lewis Mr. President , I really feel we need to focus on ... shepherd Lewis , however much coffee you drink in the morning , I want you to reduce it by half . lewis I do not drink coffee . shepherd then hit yourself over the head with a baseball bat , would you please ? another staffer cross they path -- janie happy birthday , Laura . shepherd hey , Laura , happy birthday . staffer ( LAURA ) thank you , sir . once out of earshot -- shepherd ( to janie ) I should send she some flower . janie you already do , sir . and , with that , they walk through a doorway and into int . the oval office - day in the outer office , mrs . chapil , the President 's secretary , be hard at work on a word processor . she stand as shepherd walk in -- mrs . chapil good morning , Mr. President . shepherd how're you , Mrs. chapil ? mrs . chapil Fine , thank you , sir . Mr. kodak leave the detailed breakdown of the approval poll for you . he seem to indicate that it be very good news . shepherd sixty - three percent of it , at any rate . and by now they be in the oval office itself . shepherd have go to he desk and be look over the various overnight briefing memo that have be leave for he . as someone use to do six thing at once , he have no trouble read , listen , and talk at the same time . mrs . chapil Lucy call just a moment ago . you forget to sign she permission slip for she class -- janie -- the museum trip . I will go get it . shepherd ( to janie ) what time do she get home today ? janie Three -twenty . shepherd how 's my afternoon look ? janie very crowded . shepherd schedule some time for I at 3:30 . woman ( o.s. ) Buenos dias , senor presidente . this from robin mccall , a strikingly tall black woman and the President 's press secretary , as she stride into the room . shepherd too-tall mccall , how be Mexico ? robin I do not truly appreciate it until I come back and discover that America be not a great society . lewis ( to robin ) he dumped a whole section . shepherd now there 's a thing hang out there . robin not a great society , sir ? shepherd well , with you out of the country , it be not , Robin . now that you be back , we be great again . robin there 's a press room full of people say " what do he mean by that ? " lewis see ? shepherd ( be : a memo he 's be look at ) a.j. , do you get one of this ? this be say to A. J. macinerney as he walk through a separate entrance on the leave side of the room . in addition to be the President 's Chief of staff and close advisor , he 's the President 's close and oldest friend . a.j . be that the letter from Solomon at the gdc ? shepherd it would appear to be a letter from the entire environmental community . this people be outta control . a.j. I think they be just frustrated , Mr. President . robin be they blame the President for global warming ? a.j. well , they do not think he cause it , if that 's what you mean . ( continue ; to shepherd ) Sir , I be on the phone with this people twice a week . I honestly do not know what they want at this point . lewis what they want be a 20 percent reduction in fossil fuel emission . a.j . it will not pass at 20 percent . lewis we have not really try . a.j. Lewis , mcsorley , mccluskey and Shane hold too many marker . if we try to push this through and lose , there will be a very loud thud when we hit the ground , and that 's not what you want in a election year . shepherd talk to the gdc again , a.j. tell they the President resent the implication that he 's turn he back on the environment . tell they I will send 455 to the floor . but we be gonna ask for a 10 percent reduction . if they want to pull they support , fine . at 63 percent job approval rating . I do not need they help get a bill pass . we gotta get go -- where 's Leon ? a.j. ( to a aide ) would you call Mr. kodak and tell he the President 's -- a.j. 's sentence be cut short by the sound of a head - on pedestrian collision in the outer office -- mrs . chapil ( o.s. ) aaagh ! kodak ( o.s. ) sorry ! sorry , my fault . a.j. ( to the aide ) never mind . leon kodak come into the oval office . the White House pollster be a likable , if clumsy , number whiz . he , along with a.j. , lewis , and robin , be regard as the President 's start team . the people in this room have grow very close over the past few year . kodak Excuse I . good morning , Mr. President . shepherd you all right ? kodak they keep move that big ficus plant . a.j . we be all here , Mr. President . shepherd okay . first , I want to say congratulation . Three year ago , we be elect to the White House by one of the narrowest margin in history , and today kodak tell we 63 percent of register voter think we be do a good job . kodak wait a second . you want I to poll register voter ? everyone laugh ... even shepherd smile ... shepherd but the poll also tell we what we already know : we do not get this crime bill of ours through Congress and this number be gonna be a memory . so , start today , we be shifting it into gear . robin can I tell my morning press gaggle that gun control -- a.j. crime control , Robin . gun control mean we be wimp and we be soft on crime . lewis hang on , be we not -- a.j. Lewis -- lewis be we not put back the handgun restriction ?! a.j . we be leave them out . lewis Sir , we campaign on this issue . now , I understand we take it out when we be in the low forty , but we can push it through now . shepherd after the election . lewis Sir , we may never have a opportunity like this again . let 's take this 63 percent out for a spin and see what it can do . shepherd we can not take it out for a spin , Lewis . we need it to get re-elect . for reason pass understanding , people do not relate gun to gun-relate crime . a.j. Robin , you can brief the press this afternoon . as of today , the crime bill 's priority one on the President 's domestic agenda . robin get it . a.j. Leon , you be gonna run the war room . we be gonna need detailed projection for all the target district by the end of the week . and , Leon , do not be a nice , sweet guy from Brooklyn . do what the n.r.a. do . kodak scare the shit out of them ? a.j. yeah . kodak I can do that . a.j. Lewis , we want you to be legislative liaison on this . you be gonna run the show on the hill . lewis can I just say , to return to the subject for one moment , that it might be easier to fight a war on drug if we be not arming drug dealer . shepherd respond a little too quickly -- we see a spark of a temper . shepherd Lewis , we have gotta fight the fight we can win . lewis yes , sir . a.j . we want to announce the crime bill at the State of the Union , which be 72 day from today . the last nose count put we 18 vote short . shepherd eighteen vote in 72 day . thank you , everyone . janie , what 's next ? a.j. thank you , Mr. President . the meeting 's over . lewis , robin , and kodak say they " thank you , Mr. President " 's as they exit . janie Security briefing , sir . CUT to : ext . the WASHINGTON business district - day it 's around 10 o'clock the same morning as the capital district , in its own way , be show sign of the approach Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday . ext . a chrome and glass build - day on the seventh floor of the building . a receptionist tell we where we be by answer the phone -- receptionist ( v.o. ) Global Defense Council ... susan ( v.o. ) you want to see I ? leo ( v.o. ) I just get off the phone with a.j. macinerney . CUT to : int . leo solomon' office - day leo , a white - haire man in he early 60' be meeting with susan sloan , a 40'ish lawyer who seem to go out of she way to create a issue where none exist . susan do the President read the letter ? leo the President 's piss as hell , Susan . that letter be a stupid move . susan it be aggressive , and we should stand by every -- leo this be not the guy who need we four year ago , Susan . he 's incredibly popular . he 's gonna win re-election in a walk , and he could give a shit what we stand by ! if the President pass the most important piece of environmental legislation in history , and do it despite we negative endorsement , we political weight in the future will rank somewhere below the save the spot owl Society . ( beat ) I be bring in some help . susan we do not need another environmental expert to confirm what every other environmental expert -- leo not a environmental expert , a professional political strategist . we be play hardball with Andrew shepherd , and we need a heavy bat . susan who ? leo Sydney ellen Wade . susan oh Christ . that woman do not know the first thing about the environmental lobby . leo she 's a closer , Susan . she get the job do . CUT to : int . the oval office - day shepherd and lewis -- work on a speech . shepherd try it like this and lose that . robin ( enter ) David sasser from the Times call and want to know what the White House feel be a great society . lewis what do you tell he ? robin I tell he I could not speak for the President , but for my money : bermuda . shepherd perfect . janie step in -- janie Mr. President , you cousin judith 's come down with the flu and will not be able to join you Thursday night . shepherd that 's too bad . remind I to give she a call later . janie yes , sir . robin you gonna go stag ? shepherd that 's not a problem . robin no . we have never go wrong parade you around as the lonely widower . the word come out casually , but they instantly freeze everyone . robin ( continue ) my god. ( beat ) I can not believe I say that . ( beat ) Mr. President , that be a incredibly thoughtless remark . I would never dream of insulting you or the memory of you wife . shepherd that 's okay , forget it . ( to janie ) what time be it ? janie it 's 3:45 , sir . shepherd I be gonna go over and say hi to Lucy . janie you have the Attorney General at 4:00 and the trade representative at 4:30 . somewhere in there you promise NPR five minute . robin Mr. President -- shepherd Robin , do not worry about it . CUT to : int . the residence - day we hear the sound of a trombone be play -- not well -- from one of the room . shepherd come around and down the corridor . he walk into -- int . lucy room - day lucy , shepherd 's 12 - year- old daughter , stop play . shepherd no , keep go . I like what you be play ? what 's it call ? lucy scale . shepherd well ... you play it with gusto ! lucy be my lip swollen ? shepherd be they suppose to be ? lucy yeah . shepherd then you be do fine . lucy whatcha get behind you back ? shepherd a little gift . lucy be it a dirt bike ? shepherd nope . he hand she a old textbook ... lucy be it a really old seventh - grade textbook of yours that you be gonna make I read cover to cover and discuss at dinner and drive I crazy with ? shepherd I be not comfortable with the " really old " part , but everything else you say be true . lucy ( read the cover ) " understand the constitution . " shepherd you social study teacher say you class would be start on the constitution this week . lucy you talk to Mr. linder ? shepherd yes . it 's call a parent - teacher Conference . Mr. linder and I be the key player in that discussion . why do not you like social study , luce ? lucy I like it fine , dad . shepherd all you other teacher say you be happy , you be enthusiastic , you have always get you hand up ... Mr. linder say you do not participate unless he call on you , and even then it 's a one - word answer . lucy I do not know what to say , dad . I guess I be just not ... I do not know . shepherd luce , take a look at this book . this be exciting stuff . it 's about who we be and what we want . read what it say on the first page . lucy ( read ) " property of Gilmore junior High School . " shepherd the next page . lucy ( read ) " we , the people , of the United States , in order to form a more perfect union ... " shepherd see ? grab you right off the bat . it 's a page-turner . lucy I can not wait . shepherd good , ' cause it 's possible the subject might come up at dinner tonight . lucy do you see it as part of you job to torture I ? shepherd no , it 's just one of the perk . see you tonight . he give she a kiss on the head and head out the door . behind he , he hear Lucy 's rendition of " hail to the Chief . " shepherd shoot she a look as we CUT to : int . cabinet room - night where shepherd be finish a meeting with the defense secretary , chairman of the joint chief and a national security advisor , each of whom be accompany by at least one deputy or aide . a.j. be also present . defense secretary the c-stad hardware 's be in place for a month . we have get 22 instructor from the Army Air Defense School wait to go down and train the Israelis . a.j. how soon can you deploy they ? chairman we can airlift them in the morning . they will have c-stad operational in 20 day . a.j . any security concern ? security advisor if anybody want to hit it , they would have hit it by now . shepherd okay . let 's move on it . thank you , gentleman . shepherd and a.j. leave the cabinet room amidst a volley of " good - bye " 's and " thank you , Mr. President " 's . they pass mrs . chapil and janie . shepherd ( continue ) have a good evening , Mrs. chapil . mrs . chapil you too , Mr. President . shepherd start he walk from the West wing back to the residence . it be the exact reverse of the path he take to the oval office in the morning . shepherd I will see you in the morning , janie . janie you will , Mr. President . a secret service agent follow at a distance . agent # 2 ( sotto ) Liberty be move . a.j. Leo Solomon bring in a hire gun at the gdc . shepherd it 's about time . a.j . she 's a lawyer from Virginia name Sydney ellen Wade . I know this woman well . she 's have a lot of success get congressman elect . shepherd maybe we should try to steal she . ten percent , a.j . do not let they leave the room till they be clear about that . a.j . you know , if you have get a free second , maybe you could stop in and say hello . it might smooth the way . shepherd mention it to janie . a.j. good . shepherd then let 's clear this off the table and get everybody focus on the crime bill . I do not want to win this . I want to win it by a couple of touchdown . a.j . we will , Mr. President . shepherd good . a.j. start to leave . shepherd stop he . shepherd ( continue ) a.j.? a.j. yes ? shepherd listen , Robin say something to I today that I be sure she would not have say it if ... I mean , she be not say it to I , I realize ... ( beat ) ah , never mind . have a good night . a.j. good night , Mr. President . shepherd a.j. , when we be out of the office and we be alone , you can call I Andy . a.j. I beg you pardon ? shepherd I mean you be the best man at my wedding , for cry out loud . call I Andy . a.j. ( laugh off the suggestion ) whatever you say , Mr. President . they have reach the south entrance to the White House . a.j. ( continue ) have a good night , sir . shepherd good night , a.j. shepherd enter the White House . CUT to : ext . the white house - night dissolve to : ext . the white house - day it 's early morning of the follow day , and the grounds outside be in full swing . ext . the northwest executive entrance - day in front of the guardhouse , Susan and she new colleague , sydney ellen WADE , be be clear . sydney ( to the guard ) hi , my name 's Sydney ellen Wade . susan he just need you driver 's license . susan hand the guard she license . sydney ( hand he she license ) I be from Virginia . susan he do not care . sydney ( to the guard ) I be here for a meeting with Mr. macinerney . susan he do not need to know that . the guard buzy she through the gate . sydney ( to the guard ) forgive I , this be my first time at the White House . I be try to savor the capra-esque quality . susan he do not know what capra-esque mean . guard ( to susan ) yeah , I do . Frank capra , great american director -- it 's a wonderful life , Mr. Smith go to Washington . ( hand sydney and susan they laminate pass ) Sydney ellen Wade of Virginia . knock them dead . sydney thanks . sydney and susan begin to walk up the path toward the entrance to the West wing . CUT to : int . the oval office - day a meeting with the education secretary , the hud secretary , several aide and lewis be break up . shepherd be ushere people out . shepherd the day the government start subsidize private school be the day we give up on public education . education secretary I know the proposal only scratch the surface , but it 's the least we can do . shepherd we be already do the least we can do , but I can not think of anything better , so we will go with this for now . ( to hud secretary ) Jerry , say hello to Linda for I . and if I do not see you again , have a good Thanksgiving . hud secretary thank you , Mr. President . the room have clear ... janie be arrange new papers on the President 's desk . shepherd how're we do ? janie you be run four minute ahead of schedule . shepherd ahead ? janie yes , sir . shepherd ( exite ) janie , this be unprecedented . I do not know what to do with myself . janie Mr. macinerney ask I to remind you to pop you head in on -- shepherd the gdc meeting . right . CUT to : int . a.j. 's office - day a.j. you concern be not fall on deaf ear . the environmental lobby have know no great alley in the White House than President shepherd . sydney hardly a impressive distinction , a.j. susan be try to avert the inevitable -- susan Sydney , we should leave Mr. macinerney alone now . he 's already give we more time than -- sydney Susan , Mr. macinerney do not want we to leave , because Mr. macinerney 's not yet do what he need to do today . susan Sir , Ms. Wade 's be throw into the deep end of the pool on she first day . she have not even have a chance to read the report of the Quebec Conference . sydney -- whose brain be tell she to slam on the brake , check she swing , smile and leave the building -- decide , instead , to hit the gas and swing away . the other be watch this as if they be watch the evolution of a train wreck . sydney you be right . I have not read it . if someone have ask I yesterday , I would have tell they the Quebec Conference be make up of six professional hockey team . but what I do know be that it 's time for the President to run for president again . Leon kodak be as good as it get when it come to electoral strategy , and I be certain he 's tell the President exactly what I would tell he : nail down Michigan and California , where they make car and airplane -- and burn plenty of fossil fuel . but if I have read this eight hundred page , I would have discover that it 's the burn of fossil fuel that 's be mostly responsible for global warming and that the 20 percent reduction recommend by the gdc be a necessary first step toward arrest the catastrophic greenhouse effect that have go uncheck by this administration ... susan ( to sydney ) it 's really time to -- sydney Susan , I promise you , the White House Chief of staff will not let we leave here until he 's break the bad news . no one in the room really understand what 's go on ... except a.j. , who would like to take the time to admire sydney but , of course , can not . a.j. ( pause ) I be afraid Sydney 's right . although not about Michigan and California . the President have ask I to convey to you that he 's send he energy bill to the floor with a call for a reduction of 10 percent . there 's a uncomfortable silence in the room ... a.j. ( continue ) the President be willing to go it alone on this , but he 's ask for , and frankly he 's expect , the full support of the gdc . sydney the President 's expect we full support ? a.j. yes , he be . sydney the President 's dreamin ' , a.j. susan Sydney ! sydney -- the President have critically misjudge reality . if he honestly think that the environmental community be go to whistle a happy tune while rallying support around this pitifully lame mockery of environmental leadership just because he 's a nice guy and he 's do better than he predecessor , then you boss be the Chief executive of fantasyland . voice ( o.s. ) let 's take he out back and beat the shit out of he . sydney 's blow out she speaker because she 's turn in the direction of the private office entrance to see , live and in person , the President of the United States . she be freeze . mortify . if she be capable of think process , she would be preying for something heavy to fall on she head right now . a.j. good morning , Mr. President . how be you today ? shepherd could not be better . ( to the group ) I apologize for the interruption , but a.j. ask I to stop and say hello . you would not be Sydney ellen Wade , by any chance , would you ? sydney Mr. President , I be ... do not know what to say . I be speechless . shepherd all evidence to the contrary . susan Mr. President , we have not meet . my name be Susan sloan . I use to work with Congressman myer . I hope this episode in no way -- shepherd Sydney ? sydney yes , sir ? shepherd you get a second ? sydney ( quietly ) of course . sydney get up to leave . shepherd escort she out of a.j. 's office and into the hallway . shepherd I think maybe we might have a word in private . someplace a little less intimidating . ( call ) janie ? janie yes , sir . shepherd ( to sydney ) this be my personal assistant , janie basdin . janie , would you show Ms. Wade into the rec room . I will be there in a second . shepherd enter a doorway off of the hall . sydney continue down the hallway . janie ( to sydney ) this way ... janie lead sydney into ... int . the oval office - day ... where sydney just stand uncomfortably , not know whether to sit or stand . wait . try -- the way a jumper on a window ledge try not to look down -- try not to notice thing like the JFK desk , the seal of the President of the United States , the bust of lincoln ... shepherd stride in -- shepherd sorry to keep you wait . sydney Mr. President -- shepherd be it okay if I call you Sydney ? sydney of course . Mr. President -- shepherd have you ever be in the oval Office ? sydney I have just be on the regular tour . it do not include ... shepherd I hear it 's pretty good . sydney Mr. President , what you see in there be nothing more than vanity run amok . I be show off for a colleague who do not think very much of I . it would be a real injustice for you to hold the gdc accountable for my behavior today . on top of which , I be monumentally sorry for have insulted you like that . shepherd be you under the impression that I be mad at you ? sydney ( pause ) well ... shepherd Sydney , seldom do a day go by that I be not burn in effigy . sydney not by a professional political operative stand 30 foot from the oval Office . shepherd no , I will give you that . sydney Mr. President -- shepherd do you know that when the City planner sit down to design Washington , D.C. , they intention be to build a city that would intimidate and humble foreign head of state ? it 's true . sydney I do not know that . shepherd the White House have the single great home court advantage in the modern world . sydney learned that one the hard way . shepherd Sydney , this bill be important to I . sydney yes , sir , I will convey you message . shepherd but you do not believe I ? sydney the gdc be ask for 20 percent , sir . shepherd it 's not gonna pass at 20 percent . it 's a long shot at 10 . sydney how do you know that until you put the full weight of the White House behind -- shepherd Sydney , at 20 percent , we be 34 vote shy in the House . it can not be do . but I tell you what . I will make you a deal with you . if you can get 24 vote , I will get you the last 10 . sydney twenty - four vote ? shepherd if you can swing 24 vote by the State of the Union , I will promise you full White House support . sydney do I have you word on that , sir ? shepherd absolutely . listen , be you hungry ? I skip breakfast . you wanna have some coffee ? a do nut or something ? sydney Sir , I be a little intimidate by my surroundings , and yes , I have get off to a rocky and somewhat stilted beginning , but do not let that diminish the weight of my message : the gdc have be at every president for the last decade and a half that global warming be a calamity , the effect of which will be second only to nuclear war . the best scientist in the world have give you every reason to take the gdc seriously . but I be gonna give you one more . if you do not live up to the deal you just make , come New Hampshire , we be gonna go shopping for a new candidate . sydney head for the door -- shepherd you can not do that , Sydney . sydney with all due respect , Mr. President , who 's gonna stop I ? shepherd well , if you go through that door , the United States secret service . that 's my private office . ( point ) you need to go out that way . sydney ( beat ) ah. sydney , with as much dignity as she can muster , leave the oval Office . shepherd muse about what have just transpire . CUT to : int . the billiard room - night shepherd have convert one of the room on the second floor residence . his expert shot demonstrate that play pool be something he do almost as well as be President . a.j. stand to the side with he pool cue . a.j. mcsorley , mccluskey and Shane know we be make we move on the crime bill . they be circle the wagon on the assault weapon . shepherd should I meet with they ? a.j. let Lewis take a pass at they first . shepherd fine. 2 in the side . shepherd send the two - ball fly into the corner pocket . a.j. Nice shot , Mr. President . shepherd Nice shot , Mr. President ? you will not call I by my name when we be play pool . a.j. assess the table . a.j. I will not do it play pool , I will not do it in a school , I do not like green egg and ham , I do not like they Sam I be . shepherd at ease , a.j. , and get away from the pocket . 9 in the corner . shepherd make the shot . a.j. Leo Solomon phone . he say he be thrilled with the deal you make this morning . shepherd lift he cue for a moment ... try to think it there be something he be suppose to tell a.j . shepherd I forget to tell you . a.j . it 's a waste of time . shepherd not we time . gdc make a big push for the vote , and when they come up short , we move in with the softer bill , to get pass , we be everybody 's hero . 3 in the side . a.j. also , Sydney Wade call . shepherd , a hair too excited by this news , miss by a mile . shepherd Sydney Wade ? a.j. ( beat ) she want to apologize one more time for she behavior . 3 in the side . shepherd do she say anything about I ? a.j. ( beat ) Sydney Wade ? shepherd when she call . a.j. do she say anything about you ? 13 in the corner . shepherd no , it 's just that we have a nice couple of minute together . she threaten I and I patronize she and we do not have anything to eat , but I think there be a connection . a.j. be stare at he in disbelief . shepherd she do not say anything about I ? a.j. ( quietly ) well , no , but I could pass she a note before study hall and -- shepherd tell I this : hypothetically , what would happen -- a.j. I feel a nightmare come on . 1 in the corner . he miss the shot . shepherd -- if I call Sydney and ask she to be my date at the State dinner Thursday night ? a.j . you be not serious . shepherd do not I sound serious ? a.j. the President can not just go out on a date . shepherd why not ? jefferson do . Wilson do . a.j. you be not -- shepherd Wilson be widow during he first term . he meet a woman name edith gault . he date she , court she , marry she , and somewhere in there manage to form the League of Nations . a.j. Mr. President , this be a election year . if you be look for female companionship , we can make arrangement that will insure total privacy and -- shepherd I do not want you to get I a girl , a.j . what be this , Vegas ? a.j. no , sir , this be the White House . shepherd and I be talk about something that in no way be at conflict with my oath of office . I be a single adult , and I meet a woman that I would like to see again socially . how 's that different from what Wilson do ? a.j . the difference be he do not have to be the president on television . you have say it a million time : if there be a television set in every live room 60 year ago , this country do not elect a man in a wheelchair . shepherd what be you say ? a.j . we will take a hit . shepherd how big ? a.j. I do not know . five point . maybe more . shepherd five point we be stand here talk about ?! a.j . it could be more . shepherd I drop five point when Wisconsin do not make it to the Rose bowl . 5 in the corner . a.j . do you want I to have kodak put together some number so we know what we be talk about ? shepherd yeah . ( beat ) no . no . I do not want to check a polling sample to see if this be okay , like I be ask permission to stay out a hour past curfew . this be not the business of the american people . a.j. Mr. President , the american people have a funny way of decide on they own what be and what be not they business . shepherd I like she , a.j. ( pause ) stop be my chief of staff for one minute . a.j. ( beat ) give she a call . shepherd ( call out ) janie ! ( to a.j. ) she do not say anything about I ? a.j . she say you be taller than she think you would be . shepherd that 's something . janie enter -- janie yes , sir ? shepherd I need you to track down a phone number . CUT to : ext . a residential STREET in georgetown - night line with red-brick , three - story walk -up . CUT to : int . beth' apartment - night a few suitcase and two or three move carton serve as evidence that sydney 's stay with she sister beth temporarily . beth , still in hospital scrub from a 12 - hour shift , open a bottle of wine while sydney , in a bathrobe and wet hair , try to get off the phone . sydney ( into phone ) Richard ... Richard , it be not funny . I act like a college freshman at a protest rally . beth tell he the part about walk out the wrong door . sydney oh God , I forget about that . ( back into phone ) no , Richard ... Richard , I do not want to hear you Andrew shepherd imitation ... beth I wanna hear it . sydney I be hang up now , Richard ... tonight ? I be gonna go to bed early and wake up when there 's a new president . she hang up . sydney ( continue ) the President must think I be a third - rate jerk . beth if he think you be a jerk , I be sure he think you be a first - rate jerk . sydney I will tell you one thing , boy . I regroupe , you gotta gimme that . I pull it together at the end . I stand in the middle of the oval Office and I make it very clear that from now on , he who do not take the gdc seriously do so at he peril ! beth and then you walk out the wrong door . sydney be you gonna be throw that back at I the rest of my life ? beth that 's my current plan , yes . the telephone ring ... sydney that 's gonna be Leo Solomon . he say he would call at nine . sydney pick up the phone -- sydney ( continue ; into phone ) hello ? shepherd uh , hi , be this Sydney ? sydney do not recognize the voice -- sydney ( into phone ) Leo ? phone voice no , this be Andrew shepherd . sydney look at beth and roll she eye , then explain to she -- sydney Andrew shepherd . ( back in the phone ) you be hilarious , Richard . you be a regular riot . and we cross -cut between sydney and shepherd . shepherd uhh ... this be not Richard , it 's Andrew shepherd . sydney oh , really . well , I be so glad you call , because I forget to tell you today what a nice ass you have . I be also impressed that you be able to get my phone number , consider I do not have a phone . good night , Richard . sydney hang up the phone . int . shepherd private office / the residence - night as shepherd , undaunted , dial the number again . shepherd ( under he breath ) this use to be easier . CUT to : int . beth' apartment - night as the phone ring . sydney I do not believe this . beth you want I to deal with he ? sydney no way . I may choke in front of shepherd , but Richard reynold I can handle . she pick up the phone . sydney ( continue ) hello ? and we begin cross -cutting again between the two . shepherd Sydney ? sydney be you learn - impair ?! shepherd listen , do I a favor . hang up the phone . sydney ( beat ) what ? shepherd hang up the phone . then dial 456-1414 . when you get the White House operator , give she you name and tell she you want to speak to the President . shepherd hang up . CUT to : int . beth' apartment - night sydney 's still hold the phone and seem a little confuse ... a emotion which be about to be replace by horror as the unbelievable into the reality . sydney ( to herself ) this be not happen to I . she dial . beth what 's go on ? sydney ( to herself ) it 's not possible I do this twice in one day . the operator answer . operator ( filter ) good evening , the White House . sydney swallow . operator ( continue ; filter ) hello ? sydney ( quietly ) my name 's Sydney ellen Wade . I would like to -- operator ( o.s. ) ( filter ) the President 's expect you call , mar 'am . I will put you right through . CUT to : int . shepherd private office / the residence - night he 's just open a bottle of beer when the phone ring . he pick up the phone -- shepherd hello . sydney Mr. President , I be sure there 's a appropriate thing to say at this moment . probably some formal apology for the nice - ass remark would be in order . I just do not quite know how to word it . shepherd it 's my fault . I should not have call you at home . should I call you at the office tomorrow ? sydney no , sir , of course not . I mean -- yes , you can call I anytime you want -- this be fine . right now be fine . when I say " of course not , " I meat that ... you know what ? the hell with it -- I be move to another country . shepherd ( smile ) what do you mean when you say you do not have a phone . sydney I just move to Washington over the weekend , and my apartment be not ready yet . this be my sister 's apartment . come to think of it , how do you get this number ? shepherd ( beat ) how do I get the number . that 's a reasonable question . I do not know . probably the FBI . sydney ( try to pretend it 's just another guy on the phone ) the FBI . sure . ' Cause i- if you want to find someone and you be the president , that 's who you would call . shepherd you know who else be good at that ? sydney the c.i.a .? shepherd well , yeah , but I be think of the Internal Revenue service . they have computer file that ... well ... I should stop stalling . as I be sure you know , the french have elect themselves a new president , and we be have a formal state dinner at the White House , and I be wonder -- and you be under no obligation at all -- but I think it might be fun ... I be wonder if you maybe want to go ... with I , and uh ... there it be . that 's why I be call . there 's a long silence on the phone . shepherd ( continue ) Sydney ? Sydney , Congress do not take this long to -- sydney the President have ask I to join he in represent we country . I be honore . I be equal to the task . and I will not let you down , sir . shepherd ( beat ) Sydney , this be just a dinner . we be not gonna be do espionage or anything . sydney no . of course . I be a little ...uh... what do I do ? I , I mean , where do I go ? should I meet you ? will you ... shepherd I be gonna have a very nice woman name Marsha bridgeport call you . she 's the White House Social director , and she will help you with anything you want . now when she call you and tell you she name be Marsha bridgeport , it will help if you give she the benefit of the doubt . sydney of course . shepherd I will see you Thursday night . sydney Mr. President , thank you for ask I . really . this be a first for I . shepherd I too . they hang up . dissolve to : ext . old executive office build - day int . the crime bill war room - day a large conference room at oeob have be convert for the use of a half - dozen staffer as well as ten or twelve intern , some of they high school age . a sign on a corkboard read , " 17 vote in 69 day . " the two number be write on two separate pad of paper so that the top sheet can be tear off to reveal the follow number in descend order . there be also a bulletin board that list every member of the House of Representatives and be divide up into five column : for , leaning toward , undecide , leaning against , and against . kodak who 's on Indiana ? ( raise he voice ) Excuse I . New people , I can not remember you name . raise you hand if you be on Indiana . two intern raise they hand -- kodak ( continue ) put you hand down -- you be on Illinois . lewis come in . lewis we have get jarrett . kodak what ? lewis George jarrett . he 's ours . solid " yes . " kodak I do not believe it . ( to a intern ) you . New guy . " jarrett , Democrat , Minnesota . " slide he name on over to " for. " ( to Lewis ) we just have he name laminate under " undecide . " how would you get the fence pole out of he butt ? lewis I wish I could take credit . he just say , " Lewis , I support the President a hundred percent . " not the bill , the President . lewis we be gonna win this in a walk . it 's like a kissing booth at a carnival . give we a vote , get a photo - op with number 63 . lewis reach to the tote board and pull the " 17 " off , revealing " 16 . " lewis we should have go after the handgun . kodak we gotta do one thing at a time . lewis we do not have time to do one thing at a time . CUT to : int . fossil fuel war room - day a gdc conference room that sydney , she assistant , david , and two intern have make into they 72 - day headquarters . a similar tote board read " 23 vote in 69 day . " the two intern be mark spreadsheet . david be on one phone , sydney be on another . david ( into phone ) Carol , it 's David in Sydney Wade 's office . I want to confirm she lunch with the Congressman . sydney ( into phone ) we could do with a little party leadership , Mike . be the majority whip takin ' a break ? Congress be in session , right , I be not wrong about that ? lisa , another intern , be hang up a phone in the background and crossing to the corkboard . lisa I just get off with luther Simons . Brock 's on board . sydney terrific ! she rip the " 23 " off , make it " 22 . " sydney reach for she coffee and knock over a cup of pencil . in righting the pencil , she knock over she coffee . david you be awfully jumpy today . what do you have -- a big date tonight ? with that , a big pile of papers be send fly off the desk . CUT to : int . the white house - night it 's a beautiful night . the White House , light up and shimmer in its golden glow , would appear now to be exactly what the poet be look at when he describe the shine City on a Hill . limousine , several of which fly the flag of foreign diplomat , pull up one by one , they door open by white - glove marine . White light from television camera mix with the firework of flashbulb from the print media . int . the white house - night the guest -- of whom there be a couple hundred -- in black tie and evening gowns , be enter the receive area . all this happen , of course , under the eye of the secret service agent , both american and french , who be strategically place throughout . the light from a tv camera come on as a reporter begin a quick stand - up interview with ROBERT rumson , a handsome man in he late forty . reporter ( lloyd ) ( to the camera ) I be stand here with Senate minority leader Robert rumson , just one of the many guest arrive at what , for a few hour at least , be a non-partisan White House . Senator , the latest public opinion survey show the President with approval rating that would make he all but unbeatable , come next November . be there a Republican who can mount a serious challenge , and be you that candidate ? rumson Lloyd , it 's a long time till next November . right now , I be just look forward to a pleasant evening . CUT to : int . shepherd bedroom - night Lucy be stand behind she father , tie he bow tie . shepherd that 's a little tight , luce . lucy it 's suppose to be tight . it 's suppose to make you look regal . shepherd be it suppose to cut off the blood flow to my face ? lucy all do . he look in the mirror . shepherd not bad . where do you learn how to do this ? lucy Social study . shepherd very funny . ( smile ) really , where do you learn ? lucy I do not know ... I just guess ... shepherd sweetie , do Mom teach you how to do this ? lucy yeah . shepherd ( pause ) Lucy , be this okay with you ? my have dinner with a woman ? lucy it 's totally okay . shepherd be you sure ? because if you want to talk about it ... lucy dad , it 's cool . go for it . shepherd you know , I be a little nervous . lucy you will be fine . just be yourself . shepherd be myself . lucy and compliment she shoe . shepherd her shoe ? lucy Girls like that . CUT to : int . east wing entrance - night dress in formal , but not festive , clothes and hold , as always , she notepad , janie wait by the door . a secret service agent sit alone behind a small desk . the door open and sydney walk in . she 's , needless to say , stun . janie miss Wade ? the President want you to join he upstairs in the residence . May I show you the way ? CUT to : int . sitting hall / the residence - night this formal reception area be fill with special guest . as sydney walk in , a.j. go to she immediately . a.j. Sydney , come on in . you look beautiful . sydney thank you . I have no idea what I be do here . a.j. I promise you there 's no hide agenda . shepherd approach sydney . shepherd Sydney . Andrew shepherd . we speak on the phone . sydney yes , sir . I remember . esther , macinernery , a.j. be wife , join they . a.j . you know my wife , esther . sydney sure . it 's nice to see you again . esther ( affectionately ) Sydney , the President tell I about how you two meet . I think it 's priceless . sydney I do not know what happen . one minute I be call he a mockery of a environmental leader . the next minute I have a date . esther Men like be insulted by woman . it make they feel love . do not ask I why . a.j. Sydney , when you meet the french President , do not make he feel too love , all right ? we just sign a new trade agreement . sydney get it . the french President , d'astier , and he wife approach . shepherd ( to d'astier ) Mr. President , would allow I to introduce Sydney ellen Wade of the commonwealth of Virginia . Sydney , this be President rene - Jean d'astier and he wife monique danielle d'astier of France . sydney a honor to meet you both . janie Mr. President , I be sorry to interrupt . the receive line be in place . shepherd Sydney , it sound like we table 's ready . shepherd 's guest make they way out of the residence , leave shepherd with sydney and the french president and mdme . d'astier . CUT to : int . staircase - night shepherd and sydney be walk down the staircase that lead to the red-carpete hall through which the President enter the East room . the group escort the President give they wide berth so that the two of they can have some privacy . shepherd once we hit the bottom of the stair , I gotta do a thing . you will be escort ... sydney they take I through it . after a slight pause -- sydney ( continue ) do you do this often , sir ? shepherd ( beat ) this be , actually , only we second State dinner . the first be for the Emperor of Japan , who die shortly after that , so we stop have they for a while , just in case . sydney I mean do you go out on ... do you -- often - - do you -- shepherd do I date a lot ? sydney well , yeah . shepherd no . how ' bout you ? sydney me? lately , I seem to be go out on a lot of first date . shepherd then you be experience at this . sydney oh yeah , you can ask I anything . shepherd how be we do so far ? sydney it 's hard to say at this point . so far it 's just you typical first date stuff . and all of a sudden a incredible SOUND from inside the East room -- -- the Marine Corps brass and percussion ensemble play four ruffle and flourish . shepherd damn . and I want to find a way to be different from the other guy . a booming voice over the p.a. announce -- voice ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , the President of the United States . and now -- the whole walk timing out with incredible precision -- shepherd by the way , nice shoe . -- shepherd walk into the hall as the brass and percussion ensemble play hail to the chief . the 180 guest come to they foot and applaud long and loud . the group follow the President catch up to the spot where sydney have stop walk . they all join in the applause . we can see in sydney 's face that she 's be quite sweep up . dissolve to : int . east room - night the room be beautifully appoint , with the Marine Corps dance Band play dinner music -- and the secret service strategically position . CUT to : at shepherd table steward be clear away the main course and refilling wine glass . in addition to the two main couple , and esther macinerney and two other couple be seat at the President 's table . sydney Mr. President , the President and Mrs. d'astier look bored . they be not talk to anybody . shepherd they be hammer . esther , do you speak french ? esther Latin . shepherd I think you speak french . esther no , Latin . shepherd great , next time julius caesar come to town , you be we gal . Sydney , I do not suppose that you speak any -- sydney ( take over - - to d'astier ) monsieur le President , nous somme tous habilles , nous avon ce merveilleux orchestre , une piece magnifique ... comment se fait - il que les invite not dansent pas ? shepherd ( proudly to a.j. and esther ) that 's my date . d'astier je not connais pas la tradition en amerique , mais dan mon pay , si les invite de Louis XVI et Marie antoinette avaient ose danser devant le roi et la reine , il auraient perdu la tete . sydney really ? madame d'astier absolument . shepherd Sydney , you do not dissolve the NATO treaty , do you ? sydney I just say that we be sit in this beautiful room , listen to the music of this wonderful orchestra , and I wonder why nobody be dance . d'astier and I inform Ms. Wade that in my country , a guest at the palace of Louis XVI and Marie antoinette would soon find they head in a guillotine if they make the impertinent gesture of dance without so much as a by-your-leave from the King and the Queen . a.j. I will bet no one accuse Louis of be soft on crime . sydney there 's a lesson there , Mr. President . shepherd more beheading at the White House ? a.j. Bob rumson would embrace it . shepherd I be sure he would , but I have a better idea . shepherd stand , hold out he hand to sydney . shepherd ( continue ) would you like to dance ? sydney uh , yeah , I guess . I mean , yes , sir , I would love to . shepherd and sydney move to the dance floor , accompany by the appreciative " oooh 's " and " ahh 's " of the guest . the dance band begin , and sydney and shepherd dance ... ... beautifully . CUT to : the guest each and every one of they , have stop all conversation and be fixate on this captivate sight . as we go around the room , we can observe the subtle reaction of , at first , various anonymous guest , then CUT to : a.j. and esther macinerney , hold hand smile as they watch they old friend , and we CUT to : rumson's table where the minority leader 's game face can barely conceal the gear that have slowly begin to turn in he head , as we CUT to : shepherd and sydney dancing sydney I do not know how you do it . shepherd Arthur Murray . six lesson . sydney that 's not what I mean . two hundred pair of eye be focus on you right now , with two question : " who 's this girl , and why 's we president dance with she ? " shepherd first of all , the 200 pair of eye be not focus on I . they be focus on you . and the answer be " Sydney ellen Wade " and " because she say ' yes . ' " lewis and robin look on from the back of the room . lewis they make a nice couple . robin Lovely . lewis we have get trouble . robin huge . as people start onto dance floor , we CUT to : int . a black limousine - night as it pull away from the White House and into the night . in the back , sydney slip a shoe off and rub she foot . she smile , then turn around to look out the back window as the White House slip out of view . CUT to : int . white house - morning series of shot - day in the life CUT to : int . outer office of the oval office - day mrs . chapil and janie be at they respective desk as shepherd walk in . shepherd good morning , Mrs. chapil . mrs . chapil good morning , Mr. President . Mr. rothschild and miss mccall be in the office , sir . they say they need to speak with you before schedule . shepherd Fine . janie , can you get I the number of a local florist ? janie I will take care of it , sir . where do you want they send ? shepherd I want to do it myself . I just need the phone number . janie I do not understand . shepherd I want the phone number of a florist . janie you just want the phone number ? shepherd yeah . janie ( beat ) I do not understand , sir , be there -- shepherd I want to send some flower , janie . I want to do it myself . I do not want to staff it out , and I do not want to issue a executive order . I just want a phone number . janie I will get it for you right away , sir . shepherd thank you . he head into the office . CUT to : int . the oval office - day where lewis and robin be wait anxiously . robin Mr. President , we need five minute before schedule if you can spare it . shepherd ( to Robin ) I just need two minute to make a call and I will be right with you . janie enter and hand shepherd a piece of paper . shepherd ( continue ) thank you , janie . she exit . lewis who be we call , sir ? shepherd I be call the Organization of the United Brotherhood of it 's - none -of - you - damn -business , Lewis . I will be with you in a minute . lewis yes , sir . lewis and robin exit the oval Office . shepherd pick up the phone . shepherd ( to the operator ) yeah , good morning . how do I get a outside line ? really ? that 's simple . thank you . shepherd dial the phone number janie 's give he . CUT to : lewis and robin hover near the outer office . lewis janie ? janie yes ? lewis what 's the President do ? janie I be sorry , I be really not at liberty to say . CUT to : shepherd on the phone shepherd ( into phone ) tell I something . what be the state flower of Virginia ? CUT to : the outer office robin do this have something to do with Sydney Wade ? janie I be really not at liberty to say . CUT to : shepherd at he desk shepherd ( into phone ) be there someone else there who might know ? ( beat ) no , I be not try to five you a hard time , I be -- hold on please . the outer office shepherd voice come through on intercom . shepherd ( o.s. ) ( through intercom ) janie , what 's the state flower of Virginia ? janie ( turn to mrs . chapil ) Mrs. chapil . State flower of Virginia . mrs . chapil the dogwood . CUT to : shepherd at he desk janie ( o.s. ) ( through intercom ) the dogwood , sir . shepherd ( to janie ) thank you . ( into phone ) it 's the dogwood . ( pause ) what ? hold on please . ( to janie , through intercom ) janie , the dogwood be a tree , not a flower . CUT to : the outer office leon kodak walk by . kodak it 's a tree and a flower . janie be you sure ? kodak yes . what 's go on ? CUT to : oval office janie ( o.s. ) ( through intercom ) Sir , it 's a tree and a flower . shepherd ( into phone ) the dogwood be both a tree and a flower . I would like a dozen , please . really ? no dogwood ? how ' bout rose ? simple . classic . two dozen rose . CUT to : the outer office lewis janie , I be the President senior domestic policy advisor . it 's important that I have a full understanding of -- shepherd ( o.s. ) janie ! do you have any idea where my credit card might be ? CUT to : shepherd at he desk janie they're in storage in Wisconsin with the rest of you personal item . shepherd ah. ( into phone ) listen , what might be better be if you just bill I for the flower . I be sure it will be okay with you boss . well , I do not know if you recognize my voice , but this be the President . ( beat ) the United States . ( they have hang up ) hello , hello ... CUT to : int . leo solomon' office - day sydney enter . sydney Leo , you want to see I ? leo so there I be , think maybe I should give Sydney a call . she 's new in town , do not know many people ... leo produce a copy of the morning paper , which have a photo of shepherd and sydney dance . sydney leo-- leo then I pick up the Times -- sydney it be crazy . he call I at home . leo what 's go on ? sydney nothing . it be innocent . his cousin get the flu at the last minute . leo do you sleep with he ? sydney what ? leo do you sleep -- sydney that 's none of you business , Leo . leo yeah , it be , Sydney . sydney you wanna tell I how my personal life in any way -- leo because when it 's the President , it 's not personal . Sydney , I hire you reputation . I hire a pit bull , not a prom queen . sydney that 's unfair . leo it 's incredibly unfair . but you have spend a lot of time over the year tell I the trouble with the environmental lobby be that we do not understand the fundamental truth that politics be perception . this be a bad time to develop ignorance . sydney you be make way too much of this . leo be I ? this be you time , Sydney . you be sit at the grow -up ' table . you have a chance to get everything you want -- run a national campaign , be a major player inside the party . but this relationship have better go all the way , because with the leader of the free world there be no halfway . Politics be perception , and if thing do not work out , the amount of time it will take you to go from be a hire gun to a cocktail party joke can be clocked with a egg timer . there 's a quick knock at the door -- Leo 's secretary step in with a strange - look package . sydney Leo , there be no relationship . it be one night . it 's do . leo' secretary Mr. Solomon , this be just deliver by White House messenger . it 's mark " perishable . " leo the White House have send I something perishable ? leo' secretary it 's for Ms. Wade . leo here we go ... sydney begin unwrap the package . sydney relax , Leo . I be sure it 's just a formality . leo' secretary ( exite ) it 's from he . leo of course it 's from he . sydney so he have some staff flunky send I a fruit basket . leo' secretary he write the note himself . sydney I be sure he do not take the time to -- leo' secretary the messenger say he be wait in the oval Office for ten minute while the President write the card . sydney okay , listen , so he -- ( to leo' secretary ) -- it take he ten minute to write a card ?! leo' secretary apparently he go through several draft . sydney can not stifle she laugh -- she see what the gift be . leo what be it ... what be it ? sydney a ham . leo ( beat ) a ham ? sydney he send I a Virginia ham . leo' secretary dig it , Ms. Wade . you be the President 's girlfriend . sydney 's smile fade away ... she look at leo . leo there 's never a egg timer around when you need one . CUT to : ext . the northwest executive entrance - day as the white - glove marine snap the door open for sydney , and we CUT to : int . the oval office - day shepherd be confer with lewis and robin . robin Sir , they be gonna be press today about whether the White House be prepare to soften the assault weapon section of the crime bill . lewis there be no need to entertain that at this point . robin how do you want I to handle the Sydney issue ? shepherd the Sydney issue ? lewis we should have a consensus on how the White House be go to handle it . shepherd I sure hope the Sydney issue refer in some way to a problem we be have with Australia , because if it 's anything else ... janie poke she head in . janie Mr. President , Ms. Wade be here to see you . shepherd tell she she can come right in . I be finish here . janie yes , sir . shepherd ( to lewis and robin ) there be no Sydney issue . sydney enter , crossing path with lewis and robin . they exchange pleasantry . sydney ( to shepherd ) thanks for see I on such short notice . shepherd no problem . do you get the ham ? sydney I get the ham , yes . thank you very much . shepherd I want to send you flower , but there seem to be some kink in the system . I be really glad you stop by . I have such a good time last night . sydney so do I . it 's just that ... janie enter . janie they be 45 second away , sir . during the follow , janie will go to the desk , pick up two briefing book and stick they in a briefcase and gather up he thing -- all without interrupt the conversation a beat . shepherd I be deliver a luncheon speech at the Governor 's Conference this morning . I be sorry to -- sydney no , no , that 's fine . I just stop by to ... shepherd be you free for dinner tomorrow night ? sydney dinner ? shepherd casual . in the residence . without the United Nations . my daughter will be with we , so it may seem like the United -- sydney I would love to meet Lucy , but ... a aide have slip in and hand shepherd a note . shepherd ( read to himself as he talk sydney ) she 's gonna like you . ( call to the aide ) Excuse I -- Jeff ! sydney actually , I have some concern that -- the aide ( jeff ) step back in -- jeff yes , sir . shepherd ( read the note ) I can not do this . jeff which ? robbin or stackhouse ? shepherd either one . I have to be in and out . jeff Sir , Governor stackhouse say he just need 10 minute . I think he want to talk about the assault weapon . shepherd stackhouse want to talk about graze rights . trust I . jeff get it . and he 's go . shepherd ( to Sydney ) sorry . you have concern . sydney yes . not many . a few . one . I have one concern . shepherd do it have anything to do with one of we be the President ? sydney you like to make joke about this , but -- shepherd I be not mock you , honest . I be just a guy ask a girl over for a meal . and , as if from out of nowhere , a loud claaammering , like the sound of a jackhammer against cement , come from somewhere outside -- grow louder and closer -- sydney what 's that ? shepherd my ride 's here . and , sure enough , come into view outside the window of the oval Office , be marine - 1 , the President 's helicopter . janie come back in and help he on with he coat and scarf . sydney Leo Solomon have serious concern about my explore a social , you know , scenario , with the President of the United States . shepherd yeah , well , when you put it that way , it do not sound that great to I either . sydney it 's just not -- shepherd have dinner with Lucy and I . it 's meat loaf night -- how presidential can it be ? as shepherd rush out ... shepherd ( continue ) seven-thirty . sydney now stand alone in the oval office , try to figure out what just happen . CUT to : int . white house - south lawn - day Marine 1 lift off the south lawn . tilt down off night sky to reveal ext . white house - night CUT to : int . sitting hall / the residence - night a room design more for comfort than for show , with its overstuff couch . Lucy enter . lucy be you Ms. Wade ? sydney ( stand up , smile ) Sydney . lucy Lucy shepherd . sydney Nice to meet you . lucy my dad tell I to tell you he 's on the phone with he dentist and that I should behave myself and entertain you till he get here . sydney you father 's on the phone with he dentist ? lucy no . he tell I to tell you he 's on the phone with he dentist . he want you to think he 's a regular guy . sydney who be he on the phone with ? lucy the Prime Minister of Israel . sydney they be probably not discuss he tooth . lucy no . they be talk about that abbreviation I can never remember . sydney c-stad ? lucy yeah . sydney Capricorn surface to Air Defense . lucy right . shepherd enter . shepherd let meat loaf night begin . sydney everything all right with you tooth ? shepherd my tooth ? sydney the dentist . shepherd oh , right . I have get a cavity in my upper bicuspid region . sydney you have get a short - range weapon system outside tel aviv . shepherd ( to lucy ) you turn on I . lucy can we eat ? CUT to : int . a pose house in chevy chase - night two dozen limo and town car line this suburban maryland street , they driver wait patiently . CUT to : int . the house in chevy chase - night a cocktail party be underway . this be a fat cat fundraiser for the Republicans . rumson ( v.o. ) you be over- think this . CUT to : int . the library - night the look and feel of old money . rumson be hold court with a half - dozen political insider . some smoke cigar ; other sip they drink . rumson ( continue ) voter be not interested in how to achieve economic growth , and they do not want to hear we plan to strengthen foreign policy . staffer # 1 so it come down to character . staffer # 2 the press like he , Senator . the network , the newspaper , they be -- rumson Reporters like he . network and newspaper like rating and circulation . for all the bitching we do about liberal bias in the press when it come down to a character debate ... staffer # 3 the press be a unwitting accomplice . carl Bob , the character debate do not work out for we . rumson because it could not . we polling tell we that attack he character less than a year after he would lose he wife be gonna be a turn - off and be gonna make people feel sorry for he . we could not run the campaign we want because the opponent be a widower . carl he 's still a widower . time 's pass , but -- rumson ( to the rest ) you will have to forgive my friend . he 's be on a hunt trip and cut off from the world . carl what 's go on ? and four staffer grab whatever newspaper be close to they hand and toss they to carl . rumson the President 's get a girlfriend . CUT to : int . private office / the residence - night lucy , shepherd and sydney be finish up a game of scrabble . sydney ( to lucy ) you dad say you be study the constitutional Convention . shepherd she 's not have any fun , though . lucy dad -- sydney you be not have fun ? lucy ( to herself ) this be a nightmare . this be a social study nightmare . shepherd they be do a mock Congress . each kid be play one of the original delegate , and they debate the amendment . now what 's not fun about that ? lucy get up from the table and kiss she father . lucy g'night , dad . shepherd g'night , sweetheart . lucy it be nice meeting you , Mrs . -- sydney Sydney . lucy it be nice meeting you , Sydney . sydney thank you . it be nice meeting you . shepherd sleep well , honey . I love you . lucy I love you , too . lucy leave . shepherd and sydney be alone now . sydney she 's wonderful . shepherd she 's she mother . sydney she 's you . after a pause ... shepherd would you like the 25 - cent tour ? CUT to : int . the east wing - night this be the " museum " area of the White House , the part you see when you take the official tour . only a few light be light , and while the secret service agent give shepherd plenty of breathe room when he 's in the residence , we will still catch a glimpse of one of they round a corner in the distance or check a doorway ahead . sydney I think C - stad be not gonna be operational until January . shepherd it be ready ahead of schedule . we have just be wait for the personnel . sydney the Israelis ? shepherd no , we guy . we have send a team of Army instructor to train the Israelis . sydney and shepherd enter the : int . the china room - night name for its beautiful glass display case feature full place setting of the official White House china and silverware from every administration since Jackson . shepherd : ( remember ) I think this be the dish room . sydney it 's not the dish -- shepherd yeah , it be . it 's the room with all the dish . sydney it 's the China room . shepherd I be more of a West wing President . if you be curious about the mansion , there 's probably a book you can get -- sydney there be about seven-thousand book . I will get one for you . sydney 's be walk slowly around the room , look at the display case , and as she get near one of the large window , she take another step which drape she in a shaft of incredibly flatter moonlight . the vision be not lose on shepherd . they stare at each other for a moment . shepherd Sydney . sydney Mr. President -- have you ever notice how similar the Van buren flatware be to the Buchanan flatware ? shepherd do you think there will ever come a time when you can stand in a room with I and not think of I as the President ? sydney this be not a state of mind . you be the President . and when I be in a room with you , oval or any other shape , I be always gonna be a lobbyist , and you will always be the President . shepherd I get news for you , Sydney . as a lobbyist , you would never be alone in a room with the President . this last statement be not lose on sydney . he move toward she until they be both bath in the moonlight . he put he arm around she . sydney you think this be a good idea ? shepherd probably not . they lean in to kiss each other . they barely make contact when ... agent # 3 ( o.s. ) Mr. President ... a agent be stand in the doorway -- shepherd and sydney break apart . agent # 3 we have a secure call from the sit - room . shepherd know what that mean . shepherd Excuse I . he move out the door and into the corridor . sydney , know something 's wrong , instinctively move to follow he and be with he , but the agent have not move from the doorway , so -- agent # 3 sorry , mar 'am . sydney ( beat ) no ...of course . shepherd come back in . shepherd listen -- sydney be anything wrong ? shepherd I be sorry , we be go to have to cut we evening short . the libyan have just bomb c-stad . I will try to call you tomorrow . ( to the agent ) can you show Ms. Wade out . shepherd exit . sydney , alone for a second in the dish room , be finally approach by a secret service agent , who start to escort she out . chairman ( v.o. ) the response scenario 's in place ... CUT to : int . the situation room - night shepherd , a.j. , the secretary of state , the secretary of defense , and about a dozen or so Pentagon , Security Council , and Joint Chiefs official be do exactly what they be train for . chairman ( continue ) ... the F - 18' be fire up on the kimitz and the Kitty Hawk . they be just wait for you attack order , Mr. President . shepherd and we be gonna hit libyan Intelligence headquarters ? man the n.s.a. confirm they be the one who plan the bombing . a.j . what 's the estimate ? general we will level the building . shepherd libyan i.h.q 's in the middle of downtown tripoli -- be we gonna hit anything else ? general only if we miss . shepherd be we gonna miss ? general no , sir . shepherd how many people work in that building ? chairman we have be all through -- shepherd how many people work in the damn building ? deputy I have get that number here . there be three shift , so it -- shepherd the fewest . what shift put the fewest people in the building ? the night shift , right ? deputy by far . mostly custodial staff and a few -- shepherd what time do the night crew go on ? deputy they be on now , sir . shepherd a.j.? a.j . it 's immediate , it 's decisive , it 's low risk , and it 's a proportional response . shepherd someday somebody 's go to have to explain to I the virtue of a proportional response . there 's a silence . shepherd get up and start to head out the door . chairman Mr. President ? shepherd attack . CUT to : int . oval office - night shepherd be with a.j. , lewis , robin , kodak and a couple of aide , all of whom look as though they have be call out of they home in the middle of the night . a.j. Robin , as soon as we plane have clear libyan airspace , you can call the press . I do not know when we will have the full b.d.a . -- lewis General rork say around o- eight hundre . robin Sir , what do you think about a national address ? shepherd the last thing I want to do be put the lybian center stage . kodak I think it 's a great idea , sir . you know rumson 's gonna be talk about you lack of military service . shepherd this be not about rumson . what I do tonight be not about political gain . kodak but it can be , sir . what you do tonight be very presidential . shepherd Leon , somewhere in libyan right now there 's a janitor work the night shift at the libyan Intelligence headquarters . he 's go about he job ' cause he have no idea that in about a hour he 's gonna die in a massive explosion . he 's just go about he job ' cause he have no idea that a hour ago I give a order to have he kill . you just see I do the least presidential thing I do . kodak yes , sir . PRESS ( v.o. ) Mr. President ... Mr. President ! CUT to : int . the white house PRESS briefing room - day shepherd be at the podium take question . he 's flanke by he pentagon staff . a.j. and lewis stand to the side . robin stand out of the way . sally be there anything at all about the c-stad weapon system that could have be mistaken by libyan Intelligence as offensive rather than defensive ? shepherd no . we do everything but show they the blueprint . the hardware be sit in a airplane hangar for a month . they do not hit it until the american personnel get there . Leslie . leslie Sir , there 's a unconfirm report that you be with Sydney Wade when you learn of the attack . can you comment ? a.j. ( sotto to robin ) get he off . shepherd yes , we would just finish dinner . robin last question . MARK Sir , would you care to comment on the status of you relationship ? shepherd we do not have a relationship . we just have dinner . carol can you tell we if she spend the night at the White House or do -- shepherd folk , a lot of people get kill last night . let 's try to keep we eye on the ball , okay ? shepherd be herde out of the briefing room amidst a chorus of " Mr. President " 's . CUT to : int . the white house corridor - day shepherd walk away from the briefing room with robin . janie join he . robin that be my fault , sir . we should have prepped you for that . shepherd there 's nothing that need prepping . a.j. , let 's meet with the leadership after we meet with the Security Council . robin " Newsweek " be begging for ten minute today . any ten minute you get . shepherd nobody get ten minute today . dissolve to : int . shepherd private office - night shepherd sit at he desk , be on the phone . a television newscast be do a report on congressional reaction to the event of the day . rob rumson be talk . shepherd Lewis , tell the speaker to wait . I want to talk to he . no , I will be right down . rumson ... last night , the price of he liberal program be raise to include the blood of 22 american soldier . he hang up . on the tv , we see a quick sound bite from rumson . rumson ... Mr. shepherd 's read a lot of book , but you do not need a Harvard degree to see this comin ' a mile down the road . shepherd I go to Stanford , you blowhole . rumson the fat that we Commander - in - Chief have not serve one day in uniform -- shepherd click off the tv and then stare at a slip of paper that say " sydney " CUT to : ext . sydney's apartment - night beth ( v.o. ) this box just say " miscellaneous . " be this bedroom miscellaneous or kitchen miscellaneous ? int . sydney's apartment - night sydney and beth have be get sydney move in . beth be hold a carton . beth Sydney ? sydney why do I have to kiss he ? beth you kiss he ? sydney yeah . beth you do not ' tell I that . sydney I kiss he . beth where ? sydney on the mouth . beth ( exasperate ) where in the White House ?! sydney in the dish room . beth the dish room ? sydney the China room . beth then what happen ? sydney he have to go and attack Libya . beth it 's always something . sydney I have gotta nip this in the bud . this have catastrophe write all over it . beth in what language ?! Sydney , this man be the leader of the free world . he 's brilliant , he 's funny , he 's handsome , and he 's a above - average dancer . be not it possible we standard be just a tad high ? the phone ring -- sydney freeze . the phone ring again . beth ( continue ) answer the phone . sydney it 's he . beth answer the phone . sydney he 's gonna ask I to come over there . beth answer the phone . sydney I do not want to go over there . beth answer the phone . sydney all right . but I be gonna end it on the phone . I be not gonna go over there . CUT to : int . shepherd bedroom - night shepherd open he door , revealing sydney . agent cooper be let she in . sydney I just come over here to tell you why I can not see you anymore . shepherd ( to cooper ) thanks , coop . shepherd close the door . sydney look , I know you have have a tough day . shepherd not as tough as some . you want a drink ? lemme take you coat . but sydney do not take she coat off . sydney Mr. President , this be not gonna work . shepherd sure it will . you button the top button , and it do not fall off the hanger . sydney that 's not what I ... shepherd I do not think so . listen ... sydney I have really enjoy the time we have spend together , but this have catastrophe write all over it . please , Mr. President , do not pursue I outside the political arena . shepherd well , I have no intention of pursue you inside the political arena , so that leave everything out , and that 's unacceptable to I . sydney if I be on you staff , I would tell you that the absolute worst thing you can do come into a election year be to open yourself up to character attack , and the fastest way to do that be to prance around like the playboy of the western world . shepherd let 's clear up a couple of thing . number 1 : I seldom prance . number 2 : I have no intention of engage in a character debate , and number 3 : you be not on my staff . sydney yes , of course , but if you will follow the immutable -- shepherd why be that , by the way ? sydney why 's that ? shepherd why be not you on my staff ? sydney you can not afford I . shepherd how much do you make ? sydney more than you do , Mr. President . shepherd the name 's Andy . how much money do you make ? sydney what the hell do it matter how much money I - - shepherd you would raise you voice to the President ? sydney I be only think about the health of you presidency . you think this morning 's press conference be the end of it ? Bob rumson 's gotta be drool over this . shepherd be you attract to I ? sydney I beg you pardon ? shepherd I ask if -- sydney ( of course she be ) that 's not the issue -- shepherd well , I tell you what . let 's make it the issue . let 's try something new , ' cause I know that most couple , when they be first get together , be inclined to slam on the brake because they be concerned about Bob rumson 's drool . sydney you be not most people . shepherd you know what you problem be ? sydney what 's my problem ? shepherd sex and nervousness . sydney sex and nervousness be my problem . shepherd yes . last night when we be look at the different place setting in the dish room , I realize that that place setting be provide by the first lady . and I will bet none of that first lady be nervous about have sex with they President husband . and you know why ? sydney no , but I be sure you will explain it to I . shepherd I will . because they be not president when they meet they . not the case here . sydney ahhhhhh . shepherd you see what I be get at ? sydney yes . May I use you bathroom for a moment ? shepherd sure . it 's right through there . sydney I want to freshen up . shepherd as you pass through , you will see a large closet on you leave . and if you feel comfortable , hang up you coat , and when you come back I will have fix up a drink , we will sit on the couch , and I will explain to you my plan . sydney you have a plan ? do not make I wait . you be on a roll . sydney disappear into the bathroom / dressing room area . shepherd keep talk as he go to the bar and make a couple of drink . shepherd ( speak up ) okay . you be attract to I , but the idea of physical intimacy be uncomfortable because you only know I as the President . it 's not always gonna be that way , and the reason I know that be because there be a moment last night when you be with I and not the President , and I know what a big step that be for you . so , Sydney , I be in no rush . here 's my plan : we be gonna slow down . when you be comfortable , that 's when it will happen . sydney come back into the room ... she 's wear one of shepherd 's dress shirt and nothing else . she walk toward he . shepherd ( continue ) perhaps I do not properly explain the fundamentals of the " slow down " plan . sydney you explain it great . she move closer to he . shepherd ( pause ) be you nervous ? sydney no . shepherd good . my nervousness exist on several level . number 1 -- and this be in no particular order -- I have not do this in a pretty long time . number 2 : any expectation you might have , due to the fact that I be , you know ... sydney the most powerful man in the world ? shepherd exactly , thank you . just so you remember that 's a political distinction that come with the office . I mean , if eisenhower be here instead of I he would be dead by now . and number three ... sydney ( gently ) Andy ... they be both stand , face each other ... they gently kiss . they just stay with it until it become easier and better and exactly what they want . rumson ( v.o. ) do New Hampshire want traditional american value back in the White House ? crowd yes !! CUT to : int . a elk lodge - night a crowd of 300 or so be be whipped into a frenzy . rumson 's bring it home under a campaign banner proclaim : the pride be back -- bob rumson . rumson do New Hampshire want the pride back ? the crowd go nut upon hearing rumson 's signature phrase -- crowd yeah !!!!!!! rumson my name be Bob rumson . and I be run for President . and as the crowd lose its mind , we CUT to : ext . white house - dawn CUT to : int . shepherd bedroom - morning it be very early , and shepherd be still asleep . as we pull back , we reveal that he be alone in he bed . the phone ring . shepherd pick it up -- shepherd ( into phone ) yeah ... put he through . ( listen ) Lewis , it be 5:00 a.m . you gotta get yourself a life , man . ( listen ) yeah ... all right . he hang up the phone and look around the room , only to notice sydney be tiptoeing around in the dim light , try to quietly dress herself and gather up she thing . shepherd watch this odd spectacle for a moment before he say -- shepherd ( continue ) Sydney ? sydney turn around . sydney hi. shepherd what be you do ? sydney I want to leave the building before the press corps get here . shepherd I have that same thought every day of my life . say , you know Lewis rothschild , do not you ? well , he 's ... sydney sure . Boy , Lewis would go nut if he know I would spend the night . there 's a knock on the door . shepherd ... on he way up . sydney what ? shepherd come on in , Lewis . lewis come in -- lewis ' Morning , Mr. President . hi , Sydney . sydney hi , Lewis . well , Mr. President , thank you for take the time to go over that fossil fuel number . I will just get my coat , and be on my way . shepherd laugh at sydney 's purposely lame try -- shepherd ( to lewis ) what 's the situation ? lewis they be campe out at every exit . sydney who ? who 's campe out ? lewis the press . sydney the press be campe out ? lewis you shoulda take a cab , Sydney . sydney they know my car ?! robin enter . robin good morning , Mr. President . hi , Sydney . I come over as soon as Lewis call . shepherd thank God . robin I think the important thing be not to make it look like we be panic . shepherd see , and I think the important thing be actually not to be panic . a.j. knock on the open door and walk in . a.j. good morning , Mr. President . good morning , Ms. Wade . I see everyone 's get a early start today . lewis how do we exit Sydney from the building and what do we say to the press at that point ? robin we need a diversion . sydney a diversion . robin you understand that by diversion I be not say we set the White House on fire . shepherd no , please , let 's do . lewis can I state very clearly that I can not be party to anything illegal . a.j. good for you , Lewis . lewis say what you want , but it 's always the guy in my job that end up do eighteen month in danbury minimum Security prison . shepherd Rest easy , Lewis . we be not create a diversion . robin no diversion . shepherd ( to sydney ) we will have somebody take you home . a.j. esther 's over in my office . she 's get the station wagon outside . shepherd regards a.j. for a moment ... clearly the man plan ahead . lewis okay . good . now , the press statement . shepherd ( to sydney ) Sydney , when you leave here , you be gonna run into reporter and photographer . you picture 's gonna be take every day , and you be gonna be ask question every day . answer they , do not answer they -- it 's entirely up to you . the White House have no official position except to say " no comment . " robin no comment ? shepherd the White House do not comment on the President 's personal life . lewis we can not just leave it at that , sir . shepherd I tell you what , Lewis , we just do . lewis but , sir ... a.j. ( the meeting 's over ) thank you , Mr. President . lewis , robin and a.j. say they " thank you , Mr. President " 's on the way out ... a.j. ( continue ) Sydney . esther will be in my office . you take you time . sydney thanks , a.j. a.j. leave ... shepherd I be sorry about all this . we will do it better next time . sydney I be no expert , but I think we do it pretty good this time . shepherd no , I mean ... sydney I know . I have a good time . shepherd I , too . I will call you . I will be in Panama , but I will call you . sydney I would like that . sydney give he a good - bye kiss ... sydney ( continue ) bye . she exit the bedroom . shepherd all right ...okay ... this be good . CUT to : a series of shot - day / night as we move through a series of quick dissolves , all m.o.s. , we hear in voice - over the sound of american 's electronic media -- network news , news magazine , gossip show , talk radio , political round table , etc . -- dissect the " girlfriend factor . " int . fossil fuel war room - day sydney and the team be in full gear . Lisa rip off another vote on the tote board , make it " 14 vote in 51 day . " reporter # 1 Sydney ellen Wade , the political strategist who accompany President shepherd to last week 's state dinner , reportedly spend the night at the White House as a guest of -- dissolve to : int . crime bill war room - day the tote board read " 8 vote in 45 day . " kodak be point to a spot on a electoral map to emphasize a point to a young intern . reporter # 2 the President return from Panama this evening after a three - day tour through Central America . his first order of business : a intimate supper with Sydney Wade at a romantic georgetown bistro . dissolve to : int . bistro - night shepherd and sydney be share what seem to be a intimate candlelit dinner . we pull back to reveal a restaurant pack with secret service , and PRESS outside police barricade , shoot through the window of the restaurant . reporter # 3 Conservative and religious family organization be start to smell blood in the water as -- dissolve to : int . lucy bedroom - night Lucy be give a little trombone recital for shepherd and sydney . sydney cheer madly at the end of the piece , give Lucy a big hug for she effort . radio guy ( v.o. ) all right , caller , you be on the air . caller ( v.o. ) Dan , what about Lucy shepherd ? be anyone concerned about this little girl ? can we now finally have a serious debate about family value ? ext . sydney's apartment - day sydney exit she apartment and be once again hound by the press . schlock talk show host ( v.o. ) we be gonna take a commercial break . when we come back , we be gonna meet a junior high school classmate of Sydney Wade 's , who say -- CUT to : ext . nashua , new hampshire , CITY hall - day rumson 's get the pride back into a couple of hundred innocent bystander . showbiz reporter ( v.o. ) ... showbiz weekly be in Hollywood for the star-studded gala . also on tonight 's program : Day 15 of the Sydney watch . be the world 's most eligible bachelor off the market ? ext . gdc build - night sydney exit the building and be mobbed by the press . JOHN mclaughlin type ( v.o. ) political polling analyst Ed Earl , with the President 's job approval take a eight - point dip from he personal best of 63 percent three week ago , should the White House be concerned that the girlfriend factor have leave shepherd vulnerable to the kind of character question he be able to avoid three year ago ? ed earl ( v.o. ) well , if they be not concerned , they sure oughta be . radio guy int . PRESS briefing room - day robin be hearing a question she 's be ask 88 time already . she keep she cool as best she can and merely shrug she shoulder and shake she head " no . " JOHN mclaughlin type ( v.o. ) columnist Cynthia skyler , how much will this new wrinkle affect he ability to put together a win on he crime bill ? ext . manchester ramada - night establish shot of the ramada . ext . a suite at the manchester ramada - night rumson and he staff be buzzing about amid room service table and late- night take - out as stu enter the room with a manila envelope in he hand . rumson ( into phone ) I agree a hundred and ten percent , Mrs. harper . that 's why I be up here in the dead of winter talkin ' about it with you folk . rumson be signal for a aide to take over he phone call . rumson ( continue ; into phone ) that 's very generous of you , mar 'am , and I be gonna take that money off you hand right now . he hand off the phone -- rumson ( continue ) what do you get for I , stu ? stu call I Santa Claus , Senator . several top aide join this slightly confidential conversation . stu ( continue ) she 's get a FBI file . rumson shit , stu , my mother 's get a FBI file . rumson start to walk away when stu pull a 8 '' $ b!_ ( j10 photo from the manila folder . stu I have get art . rumson come back . stu hand he the photo . stu it 's a demonstration outside the Department of commerce . the picture 's old , and a lot of the face be obscure by the smoke , but this be Sydney right there in front . rumson ( stare at the photo ) oh man ... tell I the smoke be come from what it look like it 's come from . stu yes , sir -- it 's burn flag . rumson give it one last look , pass it back to stu , and turn back to he phone . rumson ( sing softly ) " it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... " CUT to : int . fossil fuel war room - day a few more young intern have be add , and most be hard at work on the phone -- ( " ___ from the Global Defense Council . we be encourage voter in you area to phone or write you Congressman regard ...etc . " ) the tote board now read " 11 vote in 42 day . " David be supervise thing while sydney be try to lose she patience on the phone . sydney ( into phone ) I understand , Congressman ... of course you need to deliberate . I know the fact that there be not any heavy industry in you district do not make this decision any easier . but we meet three week ago , and at the end of that meeting you say that you be lean we way but that you want to sleep on it . since I have not hear from you since then , the only conclusion I can reach be that you have not sleep in 21 day . david ( to sydney ) ask he about he position on stateboard for Hawaii . sydney wad up some paper and fling it at David to shut he up . sydney ( into phone ) Harry , think like a father for a second . would not you like you kid to be able to take a deep breath when they be 30 ? thank you . you be do the right thing . she hang up . sydney ( continue ; announce ) tote board 's heavy . the room cheer , know what this mean . david rip off the 11 , revealing 10 . david how 's this ? sydney that 's better ! everyone get back to work as sydney and david speak among themselves . david hey , syd , I see on you schedule you be gonna meet with mcsorley , mccluskey and Shane . sydney yeah , the motown Three say they would give I 30 minute next week . david Sydney , this be people who represent people who make car for a live . sydney yeah . david Cars , you understand , run on gasoline . sydney hey , I know it 's a long shot , but if I can get one of they , it will be a huge payoff in visibility . david well , if we be gonna try , we should do some prep work . you wanna order in ? sydney I can not work tonight . I be have dinner at the White House . we can start early tomorrow . david okay . I be have lunch at the kremlin , so we will have to , you know , start real early ... sydney ( exciting ) good night , David . david ... in order for I to catch the morning plane to Moscow . CUT to : ext . the west wing - dusk the President 's motorcade sit in its formation , engine run , wait for its passenger . CUT to : int . the oval office - dusk janie and a couple of aide be in a familiar routine , do they last - minute scramble to get the President out the door so that he do not fall behind he usual " 45 - minute - behind - schedule " schedule . shepherd be on the phone at he desk . shepherd ( into phone ) Douglas , do the n.r.a. have videotape of you play golf with Satan ? we have already soften the assault weapon . we be leave the sks , the mini 14 , and about 250 other type on the street . I mean , how much pull can one lobby -- janie catch shepherd 's eye and make a subtle gesture to she wristwatch . shepherd ( continue ; into phone ) -- yeah , look , we be gonna continue this tomorrow . I be late for the party fund -raiser . I will be sure and put in a good word for you , by the way . ( listen ) okay . he hang up . janie you be incredibly late . they head to door as a.j. enter from the other side of the office . a.j. Mr. President . I just get off the phone with the Federal mediator in St. Louis . management just walk away from the table . the baggage handler , pilot and flight attendant be get set to walk in 48 hour . shepherd I study under a Nobel - Prize - win economist . you know what he teach I ? a.j. do not have a airline strike at Christmas ? shepherd yeah . I be go to St. Louis . a.j . you can leave straight from the fund - raiser . janie , get he outta here . secret agent # 4 ( sotto ) Liberty 's move . CUT to : ext . the west wing - night shepherd be get into the limo when lewis and robin hurry out to catch he . robin ( call ) Sir ... janie he 's incredibly late . shepherd ( to lewis and robin ) hop in . we will talk in the car . as they do they be tell , and the motorcade get on its way . CUT to : int . shepherd be car - continuous lewis we have get a small problem . robin ( mean for lewis ) it could have be a small problem . it 's now at the very least a medium - size -- lewis Robin see it as a problem . I see it as a opportunity . robin it could have be a opportunity if we would catch it ... lewis we catch it . robin at 5:45 . five-forty - five do not do I any good , Lewis . five -forty -five , network news be in makeup . lewis you have get 14 people work for you . do any of they -- shepherd guy , do I have to be here for this meeting ? lewis I be sorry , sir . it 's the evening news . it be bury as the third story -- robin -- it 's get a bullet . lewis Sydney be at a protest rally where they burn a flag . shepherd ( pause ) today ? lewis about 13 year ago . robin outside the Department of commerce . anti-apartheid . shepherd let I see if I have get this : the third story on the news tonight be that someone I do not know 13 year ago , when I be not President , participate in a demonstration where no law be be break in protest of something that so many people be against it do not exist anymore ? ( beat ) just out of curiosity , what be the fourth story ? lewis see , I think it 's important , when we deal with it , that we -- shepherd do not deal with it . lewis Excuse I ? shepherd they be try to get we to swing at a pitch in the dirt . no one ever win this fight . it will go away . lewis I be not sure that 's the wisest -- shepherd aw ...hell ! robin see , it 's already distracting you . why do not you let a.j. and Lewis -- shepherd no , you remind I , I be suppose to have dinner with Sydney tonight . CUT to : int . sydney's apartment - night sydney and beth stand in front of a full - length mirror . sydney 's hold a dress to herself to check it out . sydney it 's terrific , Beth . I love it . beth I can not believe I be loaning you clothes . I think you own every piece of clothing there be . sydney work clothes . I always have dinner at the White House wear a suit . I think a dress would be nice . beth go ahead , try it on . I bring earring , too . the phone ring . sydney answer it -- sydney ( into phone ) hello ... ( listen ) I be just try on dress . how do you feel about leather ? CUT to : int . shepherd be car - night shepherd 's on the phone to sydney . shepherd ( into phone ) I feel terrible , but I have to cancel we date tonight . sydney another woman ? shepherd no , I have gotta go to St. Louis and avert a massive airline strike . sydney boy , if I have a nickel for every time I hear that one . shepherd thanks for understanding . I will call you tonight shepherd hang up the phone . shepherd Boy , I hate do that . she be try on dress . lewis I tell any girl I be go out with to assume that all plan be soft until she receive confirmation 30 minute beforehand . robin and they find this romantic ? lewis well , I say it with a great deal of charm . shepherd see something out the window and get excited . shepherd look ! look ! there it be ! carmen 's House of Flowers ! we gotta stop . lewis what ? shepherd I gotta get she flower . lewis here ?! robin now ?! shepherd I break we date . this be what man do . robin it 's not what man do . I know no man who do that . shepherd coop , I be gonna hop out at that flower shop . agent cooper you be gonna hop out , sir ? lewis no , he 's not hopping . Sir , no hopping . stay in the car . I will get the flower . shepherd then it 's not personal . lewis let the agent do a security sweep . we do not know who 's in there . shepherd you think there 's a florist who 's plan a assassination on the off - chance that I would be stop by ? lewis it 's possible . shepherd hop out of the car . agent cooper trail after he . CUT to : ext . STREET - in front of flower shop - night shepherd 's sudden decision set off a chain reaction of secret service activity to accommodate the change of plan . int . carmen' house of flowers - night a high school girl be behind the counter , talk to a friend on the phone . her back be to the door when shepherd walk in with a couple of secret service agent scramble to keep up . shepherd begin surveying the various flower that be behind the glass . girl ( into phone ) at the basketball game ... shepherd Excuse I -- girl no , at the game . I be tell you , kiki be not even there . shepherd Excuse I -- girl ( to shepherd ) I will be right with you . the girl notice , and the receiver fall from she hand as she stare in disbelief . shepherd ( to the girl ) hey , I do not know if you be the one I talk to on the phone ... Virginia , dogwood , the President ... any of it ring a -- and apparently it do , because the girl faint and fall to the floor . shepherd same girl . she remember I . agent cooper she will be fine . rumson ( v.o. ) yes , and I be glad to see ol ' Andy 's get himself a girl . applause and appreciative laughter from a crowd as we CUT to : int . memphis grand hyatt - night rumson be speak to a black - tie fund - raiser for the republican leadership alliance . rumson ( continue ) never mind she 's the hire gun of a ultra-liberal political action committee . the crowd 's get into it -- rumson ( continue ) never mind that the President take the fifth anytime a reporter have the temerity to ask a question about a woman in a position to exert enormous influence over a huge range of issue . a wave building -- rumson ( continue ) never mind that this woman 's idea of how to unwind at the end of a tough day be by get together with she aclu pal and set american flag on fire ... CUT to : int . presidential suite / ST . louise hilton - night the rumson family glow from a television in the corner . lewis and robin react to the news highlight reel of that day 's screw -up . robin ( to herself ) no reaction from the White House . shepherd 's off in a corner , talk on the phone . the presidential suite have be turn into the St. Louis oval Office for the night as staffer zigzag around room service table during the late- night preparation . int . sydney's apartment - same time sydney ( into phone ) what do Lewis and Robin think ? shepherd ( into phone ) brutus and cassius ? they want I to get into the character debate and mix it up . sydney ( into phone ) Lewis and Robin be very smart . shepherd ( to lewis and robin ) Sydney say you guy be really stupid . sydney ( shouting through the phone ) I do not say that ! shepherd ( to lewis and robin ) she 's question you loyalty . lewis Hell , I question it all the time . shepherd ( into phone ) wait a second , here come my favorite part . he 's refer to rumson on the tv . rumson ( v.o. ) my name be Bob rumson , and I be run for President . shepherd ( into phone ) it 's a good thing he clear that up , ' cause the crowd be gettin ' ready to buy some amway product . sydney ( into phone ) his number be climb . shepherd ( into phone ) Sydney , he number have nowhere to go but up . sydney ( into phone ) what about yours ? shepherd ( into phone ) we be fine . we will be back up in the 60' once I get the vote for the crime bill . ( beat ; into phone ) say , what be you do this weekend ? sydney ( into phone ) I have get some work I be gonna bring home . why ? shepherd ( into phone ) the negotiation be go pretty well here . it look like the nation 's go to keep on fly . Lucy 's sleep over at a friend 's house Saturday night . sydney ( into phone ) what would you have in mind ? shepherd ( into phone ) have you ever be to Camp David ? sydney ( into phone ) Camp David ? sure . I use to go there all the time , but then they change chef and ... shepherd ( into phone ) it 's sass , right ? you be sass I . sydney ( into phone ) yes . shepherd ( into phone ) I will have a car pick you up Saturday morning . CUT to : ext . camp david - day scatter staff and marine personnel hold they hat to they head against the wind that marine - 1 kick up as it touch down on the helicopter pad . CUT to : int . helicopter - continuous sydney , nose press against the window , be drink it in . shepherd be finish up a crossword puzzle . sydney do you ever get use to helicopter drop you off at you front door ? shepherd how many " e "s in " kaleidoscope " ? sydney I guess you do . dissolve to : int . live room - night shepherd and sydney be loung in front of a fireplace , have hot cup of something alcoholic . sydney be read a book . shepherd be run through satellite tv channel , search for something . sydney oh good God . shepherd what ? sydney I be look at you college transcript . this be not human . nobody get this many " a 's . " you be like a stepford student . shepherd be you still read that ridiculous biography ? sydney actually I finish Andrew shepherd : Road to the White House . now I be onto shepherd : the early year . shepherd seven-trillion - dollar communication system at my disposal , you would think I would be able to find out if the packer win . sydney ( be the book ) oh , Andy ... c- minus in woman 's Studies ? shepherd yeah ... that course be not about what I think it be gonna be about . shepherd have land on a news station . news anchor #! ( on t.v. ) ... for he routine physical exam . doctor at Bethesda Naval Hospital pronounce President shepherd in excellent health . shepherd who care ? let 's see some score . news anchor # 2 ( on t.v. ) while the President spend the day at Camp David , G.O.P. presidential hopeful Robert rumson continue he attack on President shepherd 's character . during the Saturday morning news program Capitol Review with Kenneth michael , Senator rumson suggest that gdc political director Sydney ellen Wade , whose personal relationship with the President have be cause the White House headache over the past two month , may have trade sexual favor for key vote in the Virginia State legislature while lobby for the Virginia teacher Association . the news program go to the segment show rumson and michael on that morning 's show . shepherd and sydney sit and watch ... know they be about to take a punch ... powerless to stop it ... michael ( on t.v. ) wait a minute , Senator -- rumson ( on t.v. ) I be not say -- michael ( on t.v. ) -- ' cause that 's a heck of a accusation to make , and -- rumson ( on t.v. ) I be not make a acc -- let I be very clear . I be not make a accusation . I be say when we hear one thing , we dismiss it . we hear two , we dismiss it . but when several , several well - respected member and former member of the Virginia State House -- michael ( on t.v. ) can you give we name ? rumson ( on t.v. ) -- each of they own accord , come to I and express concern over the woman stand next to -- I do not even know , do we call she the first mistress ? when several -- sydney my God . he 's make this up as he go along . shepherd I be so sorry about this , Sydney . sydney oh , man . my father hear that . shepherd click off the t.v. shepherd you gotta tell he to turn a deaf ear . sydney my father do not have a deaf ear . he hear fine out of both . so do I . so do my sister , so do my friend . you be the only one who seem to -- shepherd Sydney , I can not challenge the school bully to a fight just because he pick on my girlfriend . sydney I be not ask you to . I can take care of myself . this be not about I . how can you keep quiet ? how do you have patience for people who claim they love America but clearly can not stand Americans ? shepherd I have one more election leave , Sydney . I do not have the luxury of lose my patience . sydney I want to say something , but I be gonna fumble it a little bit , so I would just like you to wait till I be do before you respond . I be in love with you . I be certain of it . and I want to be with you more than anything . but maybe thing would be better for you if I disappear for a while . shepherd thing will be better when I pass a crime bill . and Sydney , if you disappear , I would find you . he go to kiss she , she respond . dissolve to : ext . south lawn - night the official White House Christmas Tree be glimmer for the tourist . CUT to : int . residence - night a informal Christmas party be underway with maybe 20 guest , some of they familiar face . shepherd and a GREEN -blazer man GREEN blazer man ( gill ) Mr. President , militant woman be out to destroy college football in this country . shepherd be that a fact ? GREEN blazer man ( gill ) have you be follow this situation down in Atlanta ? this woman want parity for girl ' softball , field hockey , volleyball ... shepherd if I be not mistaken , gill , I think the court rule on title 9 about 20 year ago . GREEN blazer man ( gill ) yes sir , but now I be say this woman want that law enforce . shepherd well , it 's a world go mad , gill . lewis , kodak and robin stand huddle with cup of eggnog ... kodak the country have mood swing . lewis mood swing ? nineteen post-graduate degree in mathematics and you explain go from a 63 to a 46 percent approval rating in 5 week on mood swing ? kodak well , I could explain it better , but I would need chart and graph and a easel . robin fellas , we have not sleep in three year . can not we forget work for one night and take this moment to enjoy each other as friend ? it 's Christmas . lewis ( pause ) it 's Christmas ? kodak yeah , you do not get the memo ? at the buffet table kid # 1 ' Cause you father 's President , do he automatically get to be on money ? lucy I honestly do not know . kid # 2 I think only if he 's a really good President . a.j. spot sydney as she walk through the doorway and come over to she . she seem a bit agitate . a.j. hey , Sydney , merry Christmas . sydney merry Christmas , a.j. a.j . where you be ? sydney I get stick on depont Circle . I can never remember which lane I be suppose to take . then I get cut off by this idiot cab driver who start scream at I like it 's my fault . a.j. syd , relax . it 's Christmas . shepherd join they . shepherd hi , syd . get stick on dupont Circle again ? sydney it 's not funny . I hate that place . can not you declare it a Federal disaster Area or something ? shepherd I will look into it . a.j . what be you do up on the Hill , anyway ? sydney ahhh ... I have a terrible meeting today . totally lose my cool with mcsorley , mccluskey and Shane . shepherd you go to see the motown Three ? sydney I pitch them the hill . a.j. ( beat ) on its merit ? shepherd the woman know no fear . she would lobby the carolinas to the american lung Association . sydney it be a disaster . a.j. you be in good company . I sit with them a week ago . they tell I there be nothing on the President 's domestic agenda they be more commit to defeat than the crime bill . sydney well , congratulation , fella , you be outta the cellar . mcsorley tell I the only thing on the President 's domestic agenda they be more commit to defeat than the crime bill be the fossil fuel package . this catch shepherd and a.j. by surprise -- like accidentally draw to a inside straight . a.j . you be kid , right ? sydney be not aware she 's say anything of particular consequence . sydney no , I be not kid . it 's funny that he use the same word . a.j. and shepherd be try to study the situation without give anything away . a.j. yeah ... shepherd I do not think the pep boy know too many word . sydney I be gonna get a drink and shake this off . when I come back , I will have Christmas spirit . shepherd ( beat ) okay . sydney be something wrong ? shepherd no , I be ... I be think about -- nothing . sydney I will be back in a minute . she go off . a.j. do what I think just happen , just happen ? do the gdc 's political director just tell the President and the White House Chief of staff that there be three vote on the crime bill that can be buy by stickin' the fossil fuel package in a drawer . shepherd no , the gdc 's political director do not tell we anything . Sydney Wade tell she boyfriend and she boyfriend 's best friend that she have a lousy day . a.j . it do not change the fact , Mr. President . if Sydney get she 24 vote and we be three short , there 's some maneuver to be do . shepherd I make a promise , a.j. a.j . you make a deal , Mr. President . shepherd I make it with Sydney . a.j. you make it with the gdc . shepherd yeah , well , this be all academic anyway . we be not go to need that vote . a.j . if you approval rating drop any more , thing be gonna get tight . dissolve to : int . a WASHINGTON watering hole - night lewis sit with a Congressman 's aide . lewis I be hearing rumor that you boss be waver on the crime bill . aide you can not believe rumor , Lewis , you know this town . lewis that 's what I want to hear . aide I will tell you , though . my boss be start to waver on the crime bill . int . a pose WASHINGTON restaurant - day a lunchtime crowd be do business over white wine , oyster and cobb salad . sydney , a congressman , and he legislative aide be go at it . congressman ( pennybaker ) Sydney , everybody care about the environment during a phone survey . on election day , nobody give a damn . that 's , that 's why you have a job . sydney Congressman pennybaker , on election day , people give a damn about what I tell they to give a damn about . and that 's why I have a job . ( offer the bread basket ) do you want another roll ? CUT to : int . fossil fuel war room - day david be on the phone -- david ( to the intern ) she get pennybaker . voice all right ! good job ! david rip off the top sheet of the tote board , which now read " 5 vote in 14 day . " dissolve to : congressman millman' office - day millman be walk on a treadmill while lewis stand by . lewis Congressman , it be we understanding that we have you support . millman hey , look , I like you boy . always have . but for God 's sake , kid , do the woman have to spend the night ? dissolve to : int . fossil fuel war room - day intern photocopy , clipping , stamp , crunching number , drink coffee ... david be on a extension , listen to sydney 's final pitch over the phone . the tote board read : " 3 vote in 5 day . " sydney ( into phone ) we have get the full back of the White House , Katherine . ( listen ) yes , at 20 percent . Three more vote and the President send it to the hill. ( listen ) Katie , 10 year from now any car with a internal combustion engine be gonna be consider a collector 's item . come on board , we will make you volvo a classic . CUT to : int . roosevelt room - day lewis and kodak , each with a aide , have be meeting with two congressmen and they aide . lewis Congressman , the assault weapon be go . kodak the bill be priced to move , see . congressman the bill be not the issue , fella . I be face a serious challenge in November , and the President 's coattail be not what they use to be . kodak the President 's coattail 's be gonna have room for you , Congressman , you leave that to we . aide we leave that to you people , Leon , and the President 's in a free-fall . kodak I would not say he 's in a free -- congressman I just can not give you my vote . dissolve to : int . a.j. be office - day lewis and kodak stand in front of a.j. 's desk . lewis the well be drying up . the President 's gotta make a move or we be gonna die fast and quiet . kodak what if I do a new poll ? we give he detailed public opinion . lewis and we put Sydney in the new model ? a.j. hesitates . lewis ( continue ) a.j. , it 's meaningless unless we ask he about Sydney . a.j. Fine . do it . CUT to : ext . sydney's apartment - night the street 's be temporarily close to traffic , and secret service agent man the sidewalk . the PRESS and onlooker form a small crowd , keep well at bay by police barricade . int . sydney's apartment - night shepherd and sydney be finish up dinner . shepherd this be delicious . thank you . be there any leave ? sydney ( take he bowl ) ton . I do not think you like it . shepherd be you kid I , of course I do . but actually it 's not for I . the agent who check the food think it be delicious , and I sort of tell he I would bring he some if there be any leave . sydney so you do not like it . shepherd no , I love it . sydney you be lie . shepherd no , I be not . sydney you be . I can tell when you be hold something back . you do a thing with you face . sydney pop a bottle of port and pour two glass . shepherd when have you see I do a thing with my face ? sydney two day before I meet you . you give a speech for the daughter of the american Revolution . I be there . shepherd you be ? sydney you remember the speech ? shepherd vaguely . sydney " american can no longer afford to pretend that they live in a great society . " shepherd ah. sydney there be suppose to be something else after that , be not there ? shepherd how do you know ? sydney I tell you . the face . sydney hand he a glass . they clink glass and sip . shepherd wow ... what 's the occasion ? sydney you be look at a lady who 's two vote shy of the promise land . shepherd two vote ? sydney I get pennybaker . that get I Cass and Zimmer . shepherd ( beat ) that 's great , Sydney . I mean it . that 's great work . sydney well , I be not there yet . shepherd look , no matter what happen , you have every right to be proud of yourself . sydney I will be proud when I see you sign the bill . shepherd yeah , well ... sydney Andy . shepherd yeah ? sydney you be do that thing with you face . CUT to : ext . old executive office build - day - east a light rain be fall . CUT to : int . crime bill war room - day kodak sit at he desk stare at a computer printout . lewis be near the end of a phone conversation that be not go well . he 's pace around with the phone ... desperate and intense . the tote board read : " 1 vote in 2 day . " robin enter . robin ( to kodak ) how're the number ? kodak bad . robin how bad ? kodak forty-one . character across the board . robin who be Lewis on with ? kodak jarrett . he 's try to keep he finger in the dam . lewis ( into phone ) you be suppose to be a United States Congressman , for the love of Christ . robin and kodak appear in the doorway , sense a surprise development . lewis be lose it on the phone . lewis ( continue ; listen ) but you be not gonna stay at 41 . the number be gonna be go back up . ( listen ) but they be gonna go back up . ( listen ) George ... ( listen ) Congressman ... ( listen ) Congressman jarrett ... ( listen ) George , it 's crunch time . it 's personal . this be one of that moment . it 's just you and the President . now that 's it gonna be ? lewis look over at robin and kodak ...his face tell the story . lewis ( continue ) yeah. ( listen ) yeah. ( listen ) hey , George ? can I tell you something ? we be gonna win this thing . we be gonna get the vote and we be gonna win . and after we do , I mean that very night , I be gonna go to Sam &amp ; Harry 's , I be gonna order a big steak , and I be gonna make a list of everybody who try to fuck we this week . robin and kodak be try to get they friend from set fire to a bridge out of pure frustration . robin ( a whisper shout ) Lewis ! lewis ( into phone ) vote you conscience , you chicken - shit , lame - ass -- lewis hang up the phone . he take a deep breath , slump down in the nearest chair , and look up at robin and kodak . there 's a long silence before lewis say -- lewis ( continue ) we lose jarrett . kodak ( beat ) I hope so . ' Cause , you know , if that be a " undecided , " then we need to work on we people skill . lewis pick up the phone and punch in a few number . even before that line start ringing , he pick up another phone and punch in a different set of number . lewis ( into the first phone ) Karen , it 's Lewis . could you hunt down Congressman quincy for I . I need to talk to he right way . CUT to : int . oval office - day shepherd stand in front a.j. , lewis , robin , and kodak . janie be somewhere in the background . a.j . we lose quincy , too . shepherd do he give a reason ? lewis he think you number be not likely to rebound . kodak we be three vote down again , sir . there 's a pause before ... kodak ( continue ) Mr. President , as of this morning , Sydney only need one more vote . the motown Three have gotta be scared blind . I do not think there will be a better opportunity . robin the press be expect a announcement on the crime bill by the sate of the Union . kodak if you agree to stick 455 in a drawer until after the election , they will give you the three vote . robin ( beat ) and we declare victory , sir . shepherd we say as a last resort . kodak we be there , sir . the State of the Union be 48 hour away . shepherd no. come on . there 's gotta be three vote someplace else . kodak there be not . shepherd bullshit , Leon . there 's gotta be somebody we have not -- kodak there be not , sir . shepherd storch . kodak I beg you pardon ? shepherd what about storch ? a.j. Mr. President -- kodak storch be a " no . " shepherd wagner . kodak no . shepherd sobel . kodak no . shepherd Clark . kodak no . shepherd not that Clark , the one from Indiana . kodak ( pause ) that one too , sir . shepherd be stop . a.j. Mr. President , I think we have to do it . shepherd she be one vote away , a.j . it 's important legislation that for the first time have a legitimate chance . I think she deserve every possible opportunity to -- lewis she ? you mean " it , " do not you , sir ? you mean the " important legislation " deserve every opportunity . a.j. Lewis , shut up . there 's a horrible silence in the room . shepherd have lock eye with lewis . shepherd you get something to say to I ? lewis respectfully , sir . I think we should examine the new poll for more than its value as a box score . shepherd examine what ? they do not like that I be go out with Sydney . lewis it 's not that simple , sir . I think this poll help bribg a murky problem into specific relief . shepherd whose problem we talk about , Lewis ? your ? you worried about you job ? this poll be not talk about my presidency . this poll be talk about my life . two hundred and sixty - four million people have decide -- lewis Mr. President , two hundred and sixty - four million people do not give a damn about you life . they give a damn about they own . a.j. all right , that 's enough . lewis Mr. President , you have raise a daughter almost entirely on you own , and she 's terrific . what do it say to you that in the last seven week , 59 percent of this country have begin to question you family value ? a.j. the President do not answer to you , Lewis . lewis oh yes , he do , a.j. I be a citizen , this be my president , and in this country it be not only permissible to question we leader , it be we responsibility . but you already know that , Mr. President , because you have a deeper love of this country than any man I have ever know , and I want to know what it say to you that in the past seven week 59 percent of Americans have begin to question you patriotism ? shepherd look , if people want to listen to Bob rumson -- lewis they do not have a choice ! Rob rumson 's the only one do the talk . people want leadership . and in the absence of genuine leadership , they will listen to anyone who step up to the microphone . they want leadership , Mr. President . they be so thirsty for it , they will crawl through the desert toward a mirage , and when they discover there 's no water , they will drink the sand . shepherd ( evenly ) Lewis , we have have president who be beloved , who could not find a coherent sentence with two hand and a flashlight . people do not drink the sand , ' cause they be thirsty , Lewis . they drink it ' cause they do not know the difference . the room be slightly stunne by what they President have just say . shepherd pick up the polling data and head to the door ... shepherd ( continue ; on he way out ) make the deal . CUT to : int . the fossil fuel war room - day sydney , susan , david , intern and staffer be have a little office celebration . Champagne flow from paper cup . streamer and balloon adorn the tote board , which read 0 vote in 1 Day . susan , maybe a little drunk , have concerned sydney . susan I want to go on the record and apologize for my attitude toward you since you arrival . sydney I do not notice . be there a attitude ? a phone ring , and one of the staffer take it . sydney try to rejoin the party , but -- susan I think I have a lot of pent - up hostility . sydney well -- susan I wonder who I can blame it on . sydney I be not really qualified to -- susan ' Cause I have be blame it on my mother and my ex-husband , and that have not be work . david ( approach sydney ) Leo need to see you . sydney tell he to get over here . it 's a party . david he need to see you in he office . sydney it can not wait ? david he just get off the phone with macinerney . there 's be a development . sydney hold for a moment ... then head out the door and we CUT to : int . a corridor in the residence - late afternoon trombone music come from lucy 's bedroom as shepherd round the corner . int . lucy bedroom - later afternoon shepherd pop he head in . shepherd sound good . lucy it 's progressive . shepherd I will say . lucy hey , dad , what 's wrong with Sydney ? you guy have a fight ? shepherd ( beat ) what do you mean ? lucy she seem pretty -- shepherd you see she ? lucy she 's here . shepherd where ? lucy in you room . why be she mad ? shepherd do not worry about it . lucy be you a dork ? shepherd practice you music . lucy if you be a dork , you should say you be sorry . Girls like that . CUT to : int . shephered' bedroom - late afternoon sydney be go through the closet in search of something . the door open , and shepherd step in , perhaps a little tentatively . he do not see sydney at first . shepherd ( call out ) syd ? sydney come out . sydney have you see a gray cableknit sweater ? shepherd a grey ... sweater ? no . I call you at the office , but ... sydney it 's Beth 's . I wear it here one time , and I do not want to leave it . shepherd where be you go ? sydney continue she search . sydney I be go home , and then I be go to hartford . shepherd Connecticut ? sydney yes . do you know if it be send with you dry clean by any -- shepherd what 's in Connecticut ? sydney Richard reynold ' campaign . he may be able to get I a job . shepherd when do you decide to get a new job ? sydney not long after Leo Solomon fire I from my old one . Beth 's gonna kill I . she love that -- shepherd why do he fire you ? sydney total failure to achieve any of the objective for which I be hire . I tell he he be be unreasonable . after all , I do get to dance with the President and ride in Air Force one a couple of time . but you know that prickly environmentalist . it 's always gonna be something with they . if it 's not clean air , then it 's clean water . like it be not good enough that I be on the cover of people Magazine . shepherd I will call he . sydney you will call he ? you mean you will call he yourself ? personally ? it will come from the President ? that 's a great idea . I think you should call Leo and make a deal . he hire I back for , say , 72 day . I go around scare the hell out of Congress , make they think that the President 's about to drive through a very damaging and costly bill . they will believe I , right , ' cause I be the President 's Friday night girl . now I do not know if you can dip into this well twice , especially since I have lose all credibility in politics , but you never know , I might just be able to pull it off again . I might be able to give you just the leverage you need to pass some ground - break piece of crime legislation -- like a mandatory three - day wait period before a five - year - old can buy a uzi . fuck the sweater -- she will have to learn to live with disappointment . she start to exit shepherd what do you think go on here today ? she stop . sydney I know exactly what go on here today . I get screw . you see the poll , you need the crime bill , you could not get it on you own , so I get screw . shepherd the environment get screw . nothing happen to you today , Sydney . govern be choose . govern be prioritize . I have make no secret of the fact that the crime bill be my top priority . sydney well then , congratulation . it 's only take you three year to put together crime prevention legislation that have no hope of prevent crime . sydney head out the door -- shepherd ( stop ) Sydney . please . I do not want to lose you over this . sydney Mr. President , you get bigger problem than lose I . you just lose my vote . and sydney be out the door ... ...we hold on shepherd , look like a man who 's take a lot of punch to the head ... CUT to : int . the pool room - night a rack of billiard ball explode from the break . a.j. hartfort ? what 's in hartford ? shepherd Richard reynold ' district office . she 's think of run he campaign . four in the corner . shepherd get down over the ball -- shepherd ( continue ) hartford . the insurance capital of the world . have a good time , syd . shepherd smack the ball , bull's-eye . a.j. listen . I be gonna have janie clear you schedule for the weekend . you need to get some rest . shepherd you handle I , a.j.? a.j. no , sir . shepherd good. 14 in the side . shepherd get down over the ball ... smack !!! ... but instead of the cue hit the ball , it 's a.j. 's palm slamm the cue against the table . a.j. but I sure as hell will if you do not start gettin ' you head outta you ass . shepherd Excuse I . a.j. Lewis be right . go after this guy . shepherd have he lie ?! a.j. what ? shepherd have rumson lie in the last seven week ? a.j. have he lie ? shepherd other than not know the difference between Harvard and Stanford , have he say something that be not true ? be I not a Commander - in - Chief who 's never serve in the military ? be I not oppose to a constitutional amendment ban flag burn ? be I not a unmarried father who be share a bed with a liberal lobbyist down the hall from my twelve - year- old daughter ? a.j . and you think you be wrong ? shepherd I do not think you win election by tell 59 percent of the people that they be . a.j . we fight the fight we can win . shepherd do not -- a.j . you fight the fight that need fight ! shepherd be the view pretty good from the cheap seat , a.j .? a.j. I beg you pardon . shepherd it occur to I that in 25 year I have never see you name on a ballot . why have you always be stand a pace behind I ? a.j. because if I have not be , you would be the most popular history professor at the University of Wisconsin . shepherd fuck you . shepherd 's toss he cue stick and be head out ... shepherd ( continue ) have Lewis put the final draft of the State of the Union and the crime Bill announcement on my desk in the morning . a.j. yes , sir . shepherd get to the doorway ...stop ... turn around ... shepherd if Mary have not die ... would we have win three year ago ? a.j. would we have win ? shepherd if we would have to go through a character debate three year ago , would we have win ? a.j. I do not know . but I would have like that campaign . if my friend Andy shepherd have show up , I would have like that campaign . shepherd look away ... nod absently ... shepherd ( pause ) yeah . shepherd exit , leave a.j. alone as we CUT to : int . white house corridor - night a series of shot show shepherd walk down the corridor to the dish room , then walk down a long corridor which contain a series of painting of various president . then sit alone in the oval Office , lose in think ... dissolve to : int . residence dine room - early morning shepherd and lucy be eat breakfast in silence , neither of they very happy , each with they own problem . a nearby t.v. monitor glow with the live coverage of robin 's morning press briefing . finally ... shepherd you be not hungry ? lucy this be oatmeal . shepherd yeah . lucy we never have oatmeal . shepherd it 's good for you . lucy I be from Wisconsin . I need food . shepherd you be not from Wisconsin . I be from Wisconsin . you have live in Washington you whole life . he glance toward the t.v. screen . robin 's stand up there do what she 's be tell : " no comment ... no , this President be not participate in character debate ... " he mute the volume . shepherd ( continue ) how be you do in you constitutional debate ? lucy we be do . shepherd you be do ? lucy we ratify it last week . shepherd oh ... well ... that 's good . why do not you tell I ? lucy it 's not a big deal , dad . shepherd okay , I give up . I do not care why you be not happy in social study . I care about why you be not talk to I about why you be not happy in social study . lucy dad , I be perfectly -- shepherd you be not perfectly happy . you do not think I know when something 's bother you ? lucy damnit , dad ! shepherd hey ! lucy you know -- shepherd talk to I . lucy look -- lucy wind herself up . it would appear she 's about to burst . she 's about to say the hardest thing she 's ever have to say in she life -- lucy ( continue ) -- sometimes when you talk , you say thing I disagree with . shepherd be stunne and totally confuse ... shepherd almost every time I talk , I say thing you disagree with . lucy I mean politically . shepherd ( pause ) politically ? lucy yes . shepherd ( pause ) what do you mean ? it just start spilling out in a stream -- lucy yes. okay . yes . sometimes , I mean , I be not sure . you know a lot more than I do -- but still , I have this feeling , and I do not think they be wrong . like , okay , for instance , I be not so sure it 's all right to burn a flag . I mean , it really bother a lot of people , and I do not know why you think it 's okay . I hear Senator rumson talk , and some of the thing he say sound right to I , and I think , " God , be I like Bob rumson ?! I mean , dad think he 's a jerk . dad hate this guy ! why be I agree with he " and then I think , " well , maybe I be not really like Bob rumson , but maybe I be not like dad either . " but the point be I be the President 's kid , and people pay attention to what I say , and if I say something different from what you say , it will be embarrassing for you . so I can not just get up in social study class and say whatever I want . shepherd be silent ... totally blow away ... he have absolutely no idea ... he stand up slowly and move toward she ... lucy do not know what 's come ... shepherd ( quietly ) stand up please . lucy get up slowly ... she 's never see she father like this ... shepherd ( continue ) I want you to pay very close attention to what happen now . shepherd knee down , cup she daughter 's face in he hand , and gently kiss she forehead . he pull she to he and hold she in a tight embrace ... shepherd ( continue ) in you lifetime , you will never embarrass I . it could never happen . you be not the President 's daughter , Lucy , you be mine . and no one 's gonna vote I out of that job . you be my daughter , and everything else be a distant second . ( more ) School be for you , Lucy . you say what you want . the only thing you have to do to make I happy be come home at the end of the day . lucy squeeze she dad tight ... they hold the embrace for a long moment . shepherd ( continue ) one more thing . I do not dislike Senator rumson because of he political view . and even if you vote for everything he would vote for , that would not make you like he . there 's a fundamental difference between you and the Bob rumson of the world . lucy what 's that ? shepherd the difference be that he say he love America . say you love America be easy . what take character -- and this be what you have -- shepherd trail off , realize he 's about to quote Sydney ... shepherd ( continue ) what take character be loving Americans . ( beat ) and now it 's as if shepherd be waking himself up from the longest trip of he life ... ...he look over at the t.v. monitor ... " no comment " ... " no , I do not know how many other way I can say it . the White House be not get involved in ... " shepherd ( continue ) luce , I gotta go . lucy dad , be everything all right ? shepherd everything 's fine . I be just a little late for work . he head for the door , shouting out as he go -- shepherd somebody get my daughter some food ! the girl 's from Wisconsin , for cryin ' out loud ! and he 's go as we ... CUT to : int . the PRESS briefing room - early morning robin be on she last drop of energy and patience . reporter # 4 Robin , will the President ever respond to Senator rumson 's question about be a member of the american Civil liberty Union ? but instead of hand go up , the PRESS corp suddenly stand . robin turn to see shepherd stride in and step up to the podium . shepherd yes , he will . ' Morning . robin good morning , Mr. President . shepherd take the podium . there 's a palpable buzz in the room as video operator adjust they equipment , etc . people start to stand . shepherd that 's all right , you can keep you seat . for the last couple of month , Senator rumson have suggest that be president of this country be , to a certain extent , about character ... angle - robin who 's pick up the receiver from a wall phone and punch in four number . she turn in to the wall to shield she conversation from the rest of the room . robin ( into phone ) Lewis ...call a.j. and come on down here ... I do not know , but something 's happen . shepherd ... and although I have not be willing to engage in he attack on I , I have be here three year and three day , and I can tell you without hesitation : be President of this country be entirely about character . lewis enter with a.j. and kodak . shepherd ( continue ) for the record : yes , I be a card - carry member of the a.c.l.u . but the more important question be why be not you , Bob ? this be a organization whose sole purpose be to defend the Bill of rights , so it naturally beg the question . shepherd ( continue ) why would a senator , he party 's most powerful spokesman and a candidate for president , choose to reject uphold the constitution ? if you can answer that question , then , folk , you be smarter than I be , because I do not understand it until a couple of minute ago . everybody know american be not easy . America be advanced citizenship . shepherd ( continue ) you gotta want it bad , ' cause it 's gonna put up a fight . it 's gonna say , " you want free speech ? let 's see you acknowledge a man whose word make you blood boil , who 's stand center stage and advocate , at the top of he lung , that which you would spend a lifetime oppose at the top of yours . you want to claim this land as the land of the free , then the symbol of you country can not just be a flag ; the symbol also have to be one of its citizen exercise he right to burn that flag in protest . " show I that , defend that , celebrate that in you classroom . then you can stand up and sing about the land of the free . I have know Bob rumson for year . I have be operate under the assumption that the reason Bob devote so much time and energy to shouting at the rain be that he simply do not get it . well , I be wrong . shepherd ( continue ) Bob 's problem be not that he do not get it . Bob 's problem be that he can not sell it . nobody have ever win a election by talk about what I be just talk about . shepherd ( continue ) this be a country make up of people with hard job that they be terrify of lose . the root of freedom be of little or no interest to they at the moment . we be a nation afraid to go out at night . we be a society that have assign low priority to education and have look the other way while we public school have be decimate . we have serious problem to solve , and we need serious man to solve they . and whatever you particular problem be , friend , I promise you , Bob rumson be not the least bit interested in solving it . he be interested in two thing and two thing only : make you afraid of it and tell you who 's to blame for it . that , lady and gentleman , be how you win election . you gather a group of middle - age , middle - class , middle - income voter who remember with long a easier time , and you talk to they about family and american value and personal character . then you have a old photo of the President 's girlfriend . you scream about patriotism and you tell they she 's to blame for they lot in life , you go on television and you call she a whore . Sydney ellen Wade have do nothing to you , Bob . she have do nothing but put herself through law school , prosecute criminal for five year , represent the interest of public school teacher for two year , and lobby for the safety of we natural resource . shepherd ( continue ) you want a character debate ? Fine , but you better stick with I , ' cause Sydney ellen Wade be way out of you league . I have love two woman in my life . I lose one to cancer , and I lose the other ' cause I be so busy keep my job I forget to do my job . well that end right now . shepherd ( continue ) tomorrow morning the White House be send a bill to Congress for its consideration . it 's White House Resolution 455 , a energy bill require a 20 percent reduction of the emission of fossil fuel over the next ten year . it be by far the most aggressive stride ever take in the fight to reverse the effect of global warming . the other piece of legislation be the crime bill . as of today it no longer exist . I be throw it out . I be throw it out and write a law that make sense . you cannot address crime prevention without get rid of assault weapon and handgun . I consider they a threat to national security , and I will go door to door if I have to , but I be gonna convince Americans that I be right , and I be gonna get the gun . we have get serous problem , and we need serious man , and if you want to talk about character , Bob , you would better come at I with more than a burn flag and a membership card . if you want to talk about character and american value , fine . just tell I where and when , and I will show up . this be a time for serious man , Bob , and you fifteen minute be up . my name 's Andrew shepherd , and I be the President . shepherd exit the press room , leave a stunne room in he wake . the murmur begin from the PRESS corp . they be talk among themselves , confirm that they just see what they just see . robin step to the podium . robin any question ? CUT to : int . hallway - west wing - day a.j. and lewis be follow after the President . a.j. well , you do not see that every day of the week . lewis he 's get the whole White House Press Corps ask each other how to spell " erudite . " a.j. Lewis , call the printer . lewis I know . gotta rewrite the State of the Union . a.j. every word , Lewis . it 's a whole new ball game . you have get 35 minute . lewis oh , good . I think I be gonna be rush . lewis go off in one direction . a.j. head towards the oval Office . CUT to : int . oval office - day shepherd be on the phone . shepherd I do not want the limo . I do not want a escort . a.j. enter . shepherd ( continue ) I want a plain , ordinary , non - bullet - proof automobile . someone around here must have a chevy I can borrow . well , find one and meet I outside the West wing entrance in five minute . a.j . where be you go ? shepherd I be go to she house . I be gonna stand at she front door till she let I in . and I be not leave till I get she back . a.j. how're you gonna do that ? shepherd I have not work that out yet . but I be sure grovel will be involved . a.j . you be just gonna drive over ? shepherd I be the Commander - in - Chief of the most powerful army in the world . you do not think I can drive ten block ? sydney just stay away from dupont Circle . I hear it 's murder this time of day . shepherd do not need to turn around to know who 's stand in the doorway , but of course he do anyway . sydney hi , a.j. a.j . it 's nice to see you , Ms. Wade . if anybody need I , I will be in the Roosevelt room , give Lewis oxygen . a.j. exit . sydney I hear you speech . I be in my car , and it just kind of steer its way over here . shepherd I be glad . sydney and shepherd just gaze at each other for a moment and smile . sydney start toward he . shepherd ( continue ) Sydney , I do not decide to send 455 to the floor to get you back . sydney I do not come back ' cause you decide to send 455 to the floor . they move to kiss . it do not last very long because ... lewis ( enter ) Mr. President , I think you might want to look at this . I move Social Security up front . hello , Sydney . janie enter -- janie Mr. President , leventhal at treasury want two minute . hello , Sydney . mrs . chapil enter -- mrs . chapil Mr. President -- Excuse I , miss Wade -- miss mccall be on she way over . shepherd ( to sydney ) I have get some thing to do . sydney yes , you do . CUT to : ext . the capitol - night it 's light up and glow on this cold , clear night . anchor ( v.o. ) we be only a moment or two away from the arrival of President shepherd and he State of the Union address . Lloyd , you have serve on the staff of several past administration , what kind of last - minute activity be the President engage in right now ? CUT to : int . a VIP room - night it 's off the main corridor , and it 's be use as a green room for shepherd and he group -- lewis , kodak , a.j. , janie , and various aide and staffer . people be buzzing around in a last- minute flurry . shepherd be fumble with he cuff link . shepherd I be have a cuff link crisis . lucy take he sleeve . shepherd ( continue ; to lucy ) I think they have lock . lucy hold still . robin step in . robin Mr. President , they be wait for you . lucy all do . shepherd Lewis . lewis sir. shepherd thing have be a little rough between we lately . lewis I know sir , I be sorry . shepherd do not stop what you be do . lewis that 's kind of you , sir , but I realize I have be a little insensitive about some personal ... shepherd no , you be right . two hundred and sixty - four million people do not give a damn about my life . lewis just so you know I have never be one of they , Mr. President . robin this way , people . let 's go . shepherd ( to lewis ) see you after . the people in the room start to gather they thing and exit , robin handle any and all last - minute " Mr. President " 's as she herd people out the door . lucy walk past shepherd . she hold shepherd 's old tatter textbook and have it open to a specific page ... shepherd ( continue ) whatcha get there , luce ? lucy article 2 , section 3 , of the U.S. constitution . executive powers. ( read ) " he shall , from time to time , give to the Congress information of the State of the Union , and recommend to they consideration such measure as he shall judge necessary and expedient . " a.j. sound right up you alley . shepherd look at he old friend and extend he hand for a deeply - feel handshake . a.j. grasp shepherd 's hand and then pull he into a strong embrace . a.j. whisper a shout into shepherd 's ear -- a.j. ( continue ) give them hell , Andy . a.j. pull away , leave shepherd to enjoy the moment without have to speak -- a.j. ( continue ) you have get 30 second , Mr. President . shepherd thank you . ( to lucy ) I will see you afterward . I want a critique . the room clear out ... revealing sydney , dress like the first Lady she 's soon to be , sit against the window sill . shepherd ( continue ) there 's be something I have be try to give you since we first date . I try a bunch of time , but somehow I have always manage to trip over my job . ( beat ) anyay ... shepherd have pick he black canvas gym bag with the gold presidential seal . he reach in the bag and pull out a bouquet of flower . shepherd ( continue ) this be for you . sydney they be beautiful . janie poke she head in . janie Mr. President ? shepherd gotta go . sydney should I stay here ? shepherd no , walk with I . they exit into a hallway line with congressional staffer , secret service , capitol security , white house staff , and , most prominently , a.j. , lewis , robin , janie and kodak . sydney be still clutching she flower as they near the double door to the House chamber -- sydney how would you finally do it ? shepherd ( raise he voice above the cheer ) do what ? sydney manage to give a woman flower and be President at the same time . shepherd well ... it turn out I have get a rise garden . sydney be stop in she track as -- -- the door to the chamber fly open -- doorkeeper Mr. speaker !!!... the president of the UNITED states !!! the chamber leap to its foot in a thunderous ovation , shout of " bravo ! " from the gallery ... at the back , lewis and robin and kodak be try to maintain they professional cool , but it 's a moment impossible not to get catch up in ... sydney be clutching she flower with both hand ... shepherd be make he way down the aisle , shaking hand and receive congratulation and good wish , and we fade out . --------------------------------------------------------------