the punisher by Jonathan hensleigh revise by Michael tolkin . no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or. use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium . '' without the prior write consent of Silent development Corp . revision silent development corp . February 25 , 2003 2700 Colorado Avenue silent development corp . 2 '' floor all rights reserved Santa monica , CA 90404 25 febmuary 2003 " the punisher " ext : kuwait CITY - day two Humvees roll through Kuwait City , enter a refugee camp in a slummy section . detritus of operation Desert Storm ( rubble , mangle car , etc. ) be everywhere . super : Kuwait City , 1991 : operation Desert Storm . int . U.S. army humvee - day Green beret corporal Messina and argento ( early 20 ) be up front drive / navigate . in the back , Col. mike mar , 40 , and capt . jimmy week , 25 , examine dossier photo of 2 man . . : colonel . mike mar aliskl haq and Massoud hossad . both ivaqi . ' they escape detention , ' kill two U.N. . peacekeeper . we Delta Force contact ' be Captain Castle . ee ext . - tea garden down ST . ep from refugee camp ~ day down the street ina Muslim tea garden , we focus on a guy sip tea , dress as a UPI . photographer , camera bag next to he . camera push a to he ear , where in extreme cu we see a receiver from which emanate : colonel mike : mar cameraman this be gypsy , meed intel on suspect location , .over . Castle , the photographer / Delta Force op , lift he tea cup , revealing in extreme cu a micro-transmitter in its ceramic handle . he barely whisper : ah castle the tenement , north . end . can not of " - confirm number . advise : wait for reinforcement . do not bet until you know the odd , Colonel . intercut - castle in tea garden / mar and week in 's humvee captain jimmy week do not custer say . that ? colonel mar custer do not have air support . castle neither do we . 25 February 2003 ext . kuwait CITY - refugee tenement courtyard - day the atmosphere 's be tense as col . mar , Corp. Messina , and another Green beret advance on the tenement 's right ; while on the leave cpt . week , Corp. argento , and another Green beret advance . in the tea garden Castle watch uneasily . he can see what col . Mars cannot : a STREET peddler be signal to a woman in a burkha who signal to a muezzin caller on the roof ... castle abort. Colonel ...abort ... in . the refugee : tenement courtyard before col : Mars can ' react the tenement 's 2nd floor shutter bang open and iraqe'gunner fire . Corp . méssina be blow back , dead . Corp . argento be hit in the chest . colonel ) mike mar fall back ../ fall / back ...!! the team return fire arid fall back , drag the dead and wounded into the tea Garden . ext . kuwait CITY - tea garden - the Green beret take cover in . the tea garden portico . Corp. Messina lie dead . capt . week hover over . Corp. argento , who be geyser blood . Castle , dodging bullet , reach they . Fire continue . while they keep low*to avoid bullet , Castle find morphine and a tourniquetto stanch the blood . he talk while . he work on the bleed soldier , occasionally return fire . : castle so between the first and second quarter of the superbowl , you see a good look guy like yourself , and he 's rock climb in a T - shirt , and he 's really buff and he 's watch a radar screen and you be all pump up from the game . guy say , be all you can be , you say , yeah , I want to be a radar guy with six - pack abs . be I right ? argento y-y sir . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) continued : argento be stable . castle next morning , the Army recruiter promise you , and promise you mother , that war be not what it use '' the be , no more soldier on the ground , it 's one big video game , we let the smart bomb do the work . so you sign up to be all that you can be and today you find out that the recruiter lie to you and that all you can . be be dead . a argento yes six . castle want to go back home and teach " he a lesson about promise to you mother , do not you ? argento something like . ' that sir . castle so , you tell I , be die on today 's menu ? ; '' argento z ( life be back 4 's how do you know it ; be the superbowl ? castle that 's what I tell all the guy with big suck chest wound . argento thank you , Captain . colonel mike mar ( into tac radio ) team Alpha -Zebra -taurus ! Three mee down , I have three man down , S request air evac ! castle you can not land chopper here ! they have get rpgs and ground - to- air ! colonel mike mar back off Captain ! 25 February 2003 ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) Castle pull off he photog garb , expose body armor with custom harness . he grab the dead soldier 's over - under machine gun / grenade launcher , clip they on , and rise . colonel mike mar ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?... castle ...! Castle sprint off . ext . kuwait CITY ~ refugee tenement courtyard - day Castle run zigzag toward the tenement , fire on the run , kill a machine gunner and a second roof gunner . he reach the tenement , shove open the door , heave in two grenade , wait for detonation , and enter gun blaze . then silence . sedédnd pass . ext . kuwait CITY -. tea garden - day the courtyard be still . c’mon Frank ... ext . '' kuwait CITY ~ refugee tent ~ day suddenly a grenade detonateggarid the tenement 's upstairs explode , blow two terrorist : '' from the building aflame . more explosion . a man blow . out : ar! upstairs window , riddled with bullet . small arm fire . .4 more man scream . then silence . the dust settles . the front door fall open , blow off its hinge . the two iraqis stumble out . then Castle . cover in blood and rubble . Delta Force . the killer Elite . Castle shove the Iraqis to they knee , smack . they : and lean exhaust against the door , lighting a cigar . ext , kuwait CITY - tea garden - day the Green beret cautiously emerge from the tea Garden . col . Mars turn to Messina . Messina be dead . Col. Mars , ina rage , get up and unholster he sidearm . 25 February 2003 ext . kuwait CITY - refugee tenement - day Colonel Mars walk up to one of the Iraqis and level the gun at he head . Mars 's hand shake . Castle and capt . Jimmy week exchange tense glance . castle I 'ma Captain , so maybe they show you a rule of engagement that 's for colonel only , but shoot unarm - prisoner of war be ... usually on the war : crime list , Colonel Mars . colonel mar ( wild -ey , hand shaking ) theyre not soldier , they be terrorist . , : 2 castle well ; yeah , but that 's what they say aboug ass Castle grab Colonel Mars wrist as Mars fire . the gun discharge into the dirt . Castle wrest the gun from Mars and shove he away . Colonel Mars compose himself . colonel , mike mar secure the prisoner . a iraqi suddenly lunge for cdloner Mars , yanking the pin of a grenade hang from Mars 's body . '' armor . . Captain week frantically spin away and ram Castle to the ground ; they fall to safety behind the tea Garden portico . a unforgiving explosion . Colonel mi and the iraqi be blow to bit . ue rarr of slow push in on Castle as he stare in '' sho : castle you save my life . week do not waste it . Castle look over the scene . argento be dead . everything be turn to shit . fade to black . pade in : 25 February 2003 ext . tampa skyline - sunset aerial establish and . superimpose : 12 year later . bobby saint where would you meet this guy ? ext . tampa wharf - night bobby saint and ' nicky duka walk from they park bmw to a moor Russian cargo ship . nicky carry a briefcase . nicky . duka a hash bar in Amsterdam . Bobby , this guy be the real deal . he 's ex - Army ranger , speak Russian , german , 's Arabic . he 's get five picassos . they be all steal sq he can not . show. they but that 's five more than I ! we get . and descend the " gangplank be Castle , 12 year older , bleach white hair , a sgoatee , tinted glass . nicky * duka . ( cont 'd ) Tatum ! e oe so that 's what Frank be call himself now . tatum shaw castle / tatum : shaw ( point at Bobby | who 's .he ? ° nicky duka Tatum Shaw , I would like you stes '' thee Robert Saint . bobby saint '' yo . castle / tatum shaw . yo ? yo ? do they teach Mr. oe undercover cop to say yo at the Police Academy ? bad vibe . bye bye . and Castle turn around . castle / tatum shaw ( cont 'd ) {to the crew ) he 's a cop . Bobby jump at this . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) continued : - bobby saint the fuck I be a cop . '' castle / tatum shaw I do not know what you be . nicky duka whoa , Bobby , Bobby , easy easy . you : have to see thing from Mr. Shaw 's perspective . he do not ' expect you here . {to Tatum ) Mr. Shaw ... Mr. Shaw , please . please , this be my friend . believe I , he - be not a cop . e tatum you say that , ' but I do not know . that . Tatum come to a '' not '' from Bobby 's face , and look he in the eye . this be laser vision . Bobby hold he own . nicky take a chance and whistle 's '' for someone . a U.S. custom agent exit the custom offite and approach . '' : custom _ agent '' welcome to Tampa Bay 2 ! all container must be , inspect by U.S. custom . fh a nicky duka hand a envelope to the custom agent , who open it , flip through a stack of crisp $ 100s , and walk off . custom agent ( thank - you gentleman , you container appear to be free of : illicit goods . nicky duka wink at Castle ; . castie in turn wave a '' all clear '' sign up to the cargo ship 's pilot house . yuri astrov , accompany by body guard , exit the Pilot House and descend . astrov 's ex -kgb and look it . : yuri astrov ( russian ) — - , the money . castle / tatum shaw he want the money . nicky open he briefcase . astrov click on a ultraviolet wand to reveal the anti-counterfeit striping in each bill . astrov mutter in Russian . astrov , satisfied , motion to the 25 February 2003 ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) pilot house and the ship crane - hold a container - swing over the deck and clang down on the dock . astrov 's bodyguard open it . it 's fill with cheap ikea - like furniture . astrov 's man carry out a- chair , dresser , and table . astrov flick open a switchblade and knife the chair 's cushion , revealing .50 caliber ammunition belt . they flip over the table , revealing hollow leg . other man remove the dresser 's . back panel , expose AK -47 assault rifle and grenade launchers . astrov money good , this good . we have déal . we do business again . * nicky yeah ! nicky duka 's offer a : igh five to astrov , who refuse it and take the briefcase . floodlights bathe the pier in blind dight . emanate from the surround warehouse : : | voice '' ( o.s. , on megaphone ) this be the f.b.i .! drop you weapon and putyour hand in the AIR ! everyone turn in shock . bobby saint nicky , what the fuck ig astrov 's man draw assault rifle from beneath they leather trench coat . FBI and Tampa p.d. vehicle come from everywhere , a full court press with 's now way out . they be surround by 10 FBI agent in body axniory fand behind they , a perimeter of tampa PD officer . '' castle / tatum shaw you bring a cop , nicky , you bring , a fuck cop and he bring he fuck friend ! nicky duka ( same time as Bobby ) it be not I . I swear . bobby saint this be bad . this be really bad . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) : FBI agent ' you be under arrest for the prpor bation and sale of contraband firearm . ;. drop you weapon . astrov 's bodyguard do not comply . they ( and astrov ) begin move slowly backward . to the ship gangway . FBI agent ( cont 'd ) drop you weapon ! ( again , in russian ) ! bobby saint . my. father be go to kill I . as a FBI agent . move to cuff the Americans . tatum ; fuck it , nicky , fuck you to hell ! Castle / Tatum Shaw suddéitly pull a .38 from a back -holster , and the FBI open fie with 6 shot into Castle / Tatum Shaw 's chest . . nicky : duka ( horrify ) : Tatum ...!? 4 a Russian bodyguard lose he composure and fire a burst . the FBI Agents open up , return , fire , kill he and another Russian bodyguard . nic ky 's duka hit the deck . bobby saint , catch in the crossfire , sping : and fall , he chest shot through . _nicky duka ( cont B ) bobby ! ! astrov and the Russians , outgun , drop they sweapon and throw up they hand . the FBI Agents move in and restrain they . a FBI agent cuff nicky duka . ge a ems truck scream across the pier . emt hurry to the wounded man . Bobby Saint and the Russians be beyond hope . emt : this three be go . nicky duka ( whimper ) oh no , oh no , oh ... no no no no . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 4 ) the emt defibrillate Castle / Tatum Shaw but he flatline . emt he 's do : . I be call it . ( consult wristwatch ) 1:37 a.m . bag ‘em and ship ‘em . the FBI Agents haul the Russians , nicky duka , and the U.S. custom agent ( who 's be yank from he office and cuffed ) to a wait Police Van . ext . downtown tampa - CITY morgue - night the emt van , follow by a FBI black suburban , pull into the City morgue .. : the emt unload the four corpse . int . CITY morgue ? '' autopsy / storage room - night the emt wheel in the corpse . the dead Russians and Bobby Saint be put in '' refrigeration . '' the emt unzip the Castle / Tatum Shaw corpse from the body bag . the corpse 's dead hand grab the . emt 's this wristwatch ? if Mr. drug Dealer ask you for the time . and ' you check it on that government : : issue watch , Mr. drug Dealer ' be , go to give you a spanking . % ey the emt - also a undercover Federal agent - stub out he butt and Castle sit up , shrug off the body bag , unbutton he '' bloody '' shirt , peel off the squib patch and wire . yes sir , thank - you , agent Castle 's it 's be a honor to work with you sir . former Army capt .. Jimmy week , 12 year older like Castle , enter . week be a FBI agent now . week and the oscar go to ... week and the other agent clap . castle '' perfect timing '' Jimmy ? '' like clockwork ? '' you be suppose to cover the Russians , I be suppose to pull the gun on nicky and you {more ) 25 February 2003 ( continued ) ii . continued : castle ( cont 'd ) be suppose to kill I , and if nicky be go to bring a friend , you should have let I know . the kid upset the balance . week we beat the spread , Frank , they do not score at all , castle this be not football . week it 's a figure of speech , that 's all it be , and if you want to have a ' fight . with I to make it easier for yousto go , that 's one game it will not play . have fun in Puerto Rico . I be go to miss you . week escort cast they pause in the exitway . a chopper whir in the» . - castle I be gonna miss you , too . they clasp : forearm in military hug and we see the depth of they friendship . they go way back . Castle runs.to the chopper . week ' watch it lift off . into the night sky . emt 1 ( a FBI agent ) call to he : emt 1 ( FBI agent ) agent week ? agent week reenter , walk back to by Saint 's corpse . the agent be go through Bobby Saint 's waillet . em ? 1 ( FBI agent ) '' xconr ’d ) - here 's he id . ee week look at the id . week yg ( stunne ) a this be Bobby Saint . emt 1 do you know he ? week have you ever hear of Howard Saint ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) emt 1 no . ' week that 's he choice . the IRS say he 's everywhere . the FBI say he 's nowhere . he 's a currency broker , he convert peso to dollar , it 's a business , you can run it clean , you can run it dirty , or you can run it in a river of blood . he kill on suspicion , and he 's a very suspicious man . so it 's be five year since anyone have whisper a word . against he . he 's about as bad as they come . ext . tampa waterfront - saint estate - night establish . int . saint estate ~° nigi two grim - face man entér the foyer : JOHN saint ( 30 ) , Bobby 's brother , a vicious . sociopath ; and leonard glass ( 40s ) : the Saint family 's consigliere , a’‘ career criminal . they pass '' three enforcer , dante , spoon , and t.j. : one they arrive at the rear veranda wheke a man and woman be drink cognac . he 's around . 50 ; . with the body of a man who have a full gym in the basement .. . his wife 45 and at the height of she allure ; in another ' era she would be lucretia borgia or livia augustus , she namesake . they be howard saint and wife livea , ..4 ° Leonard Glass stay in the doorway . John . Saint approach he parent . we can see they exchange word . there be confusion and disbelief , then livia scream and nearly faint from shock . Howard Saint and John 's Saint exchange more word . Howard see to he wife . for John Saint walk back to Leonard Glass . JOHN saint = get he out . int . tampa federal build - lock - up - night nicky duka sit chain -smoke in a cell . the door unlock . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 13 . continued : - U.S. marshall get up . ext . tampa federal ' lock - up ~ night nicky duka exit the building look around . no one 's wait for he . he walk down the street . a limousine round the corner and tail he . nicky walk faster . the limousine pull ahead of nicky and stop . the door open . Leonard Glass sit inside . 3 Saint enforcer , dante , spoon , and t.j. climb out . there 's nowhere for nicky . to run . ext . tampa , .- deserted STREET - night nicky 's head thud on . the ground . Dante , spoon and t.j. pick he up and work he over like loan shark leg breaker . Glass sit in the limo wait . nicky 's lefc lie in the gutter . '' leonard glass you sell ' noite ' grow pot by the ounce , ni¢ky , aét by the barrel , you sell badly '' forge fake passport to hait inspire you t ecome ' the Mr. Universe of interndth mal arm dealer ? I be infect by the virus of greed , but I be learni no my lesson . leonard glass nicky ? you have not apologize , .for the death of Mr. Saint ' svyoungest child . 's nicky duka . okay , okay , I know how it look ; but Bobby , he busy pot from mé 's and I tell he what I be try to do» and how I do not have enough cash and he put up most of it and he come of he own free will . but if you be go to kill I now , would you leave my face alone , for my mother ? Glass motion . Dante , spoon , and t.j. continue kick nicky in the head . nicky scream through crack lip . 25 Feb ( continued ) 14 . continued : leonard glass ( grab nicky by hair ) we just make you bail , if I would want to ’kill you I would have leave you in jail , and you would have rotted in a Federal prison and in some way that I can only describe as deeply pornographic , you ' would have be kill . but you be a small piece of shit and I do not want the karma of you murder on my , soul . '' olight a cigarette ) on : the’ other hand , maybe I - do not believé in karma , '' in which case ... 2{to ehe thug ) guy ? . nicky duka 's be cry 's : then this 'li b quick . I want to know one thing only : ' who broker the deal ? nicky duka his name be Tatum . Shaw . and if it 's any comfort to Mr. Saint , he 's dead too . howard saint it 's no comfort , nicky , fi all . Saint walk into the scene . he 's be watch from the shadow . the three tough be stand close by . nicky stay on the ground . . howard saint ( cont 'd ) what will bring I comfort , nicky , be watch the slow death of the man who be suppose to be take care of my son . keeping he out of trouble . look at you ; nicky , what would you father say if he see you here ? he die for I , nicky . you father be a man and he die for I . what would he say about he son ~ turn my son into the police ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) . nicky duka I do not know it be go to happen like this , please . howard saint ignorance be no excuse . Saint hold out he hand for a gun . t.j. give it to he . Saint look down at nicky , the gun aim at he face . howard saint ( cont 'd ) the person responsible for keep track of my youngest child have to die . - and Saint point the gun at t.j. 's shoulder and pull the trigger , blastin , '' tl. back . : J. please , : _ Saint : he tell I he be go out for a drink . howard saint you should have go with he . si T . I could not watch he every minute . e he shoot again , this time why not ? he fire , hit the other leg . tls . ae bi , please , Mr. Saint . : howard saint no . he stand over t.j. , and he fire , right into , ; the heart . he drop the gun on t.j. 's chest . . ee howard saint ( cont 'd ) thanks for letting I borrow this , but I do not need it anymore . 25 February 2003 16 . int . CITY morgue -~ storage room - night Howard Saint and son John be escort into the morgue by Tampa police . week nod to the County coroner , who unsheet Bobby Saint 's corpse . Howard Saint 's voice be a choke whisper . howard saint look what they do to my boy . week so you be identify this body as you son , Robert Saint ?. howard saint he be :.a’ '' special boy . very loving , very trust . he -believe ' that , people weré 's good . he do not jmow : that people lie , and someone lie to he . som@one . promise he one thing and gave dbim another . who be Tatum Shaw ? who do he work with ? who do he know ? who be he friend ? who stand the make money on this deal ? S * week be surprised by this . week I be sure you . son have good quality , but we can not talk about the case , mister Saint . I understand you grief , but for own safety , leave this to . professional . syour howard saint fa ' professional , right . that 's a '' good idea . I will do that . thank you . ext . castle' house | —- day Frank come home , drive by two FBI agent . he get out of the car , and they stay there . he ring the bell . amanda castle , he beautiful wife , open the door . she hug he tight . and they kiss . over she shoulder , we see that inside the house she 's be pack everything for a move . - 25 February 2003 - ( continued ) 17 . continued : amanda this be a hard one . castle I know I would come home , but I know you do not . and this be the last one . . amanda be tell that to will , but he do not believe I . ; castle : where be he ? . you know . ext . . castle' house , + " a ball bounce 's off a at , will castle , ten , catch the ball and throw it angrily back against the wall , and catch it again . he throw it one :' more. time , and a fist reach for the ball , catch it just before it would have hit . the glove . tt 's Castle . he throw . '' ball against the wall and will catch it . they contin to row , and they talk . will why be we always : movineg ? , castle this be the last time . will . you say that the last time castle ee I do ? ee will yes . you say , we nre leave California , and we be go to live . in Virginia , and you be go to ) .=. work in Washington and we be never go to move again . Castle catch and hold the ball for a short beat . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 1s . continued : . castle someday , I promise you , someday , after we move to England , I 'il tell you why we have to move . Castle throw it . wil I already know . : castle you do ? will you always say , will , keep you eye . open . it keep my eye open . will reach for the ball , which graze he mitt and hit he in the head . will walk away from he father . ext . tampa office tower -- ' day move into the lobby . int . office tower lobby -~ day the world of business , where good ig man and woman lift nothing heavier than a phone or pen , make themselves rich . we track with Howard Saint , Leonard Glass and John Saint as they cross the lobby and go into the elevator . leonard glass I call the right guy in New York , he call the right guy in Las Vegas , he call the people in Europe and Hong Kong , they have even get the sicilian in this , just for old time 's sake . JOHN saint and who be week ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 19 . continued : - leonard glass FBI special agent James week . Age 37 . former Green beret . recruited by - the FBI 8 year ago , recently assign to the Bureau 's Florida division . two son , divorced . pay he tax , avoid hooker . no drug problem . but here 's something interesting , he do business with one of we client . howard saint who ? . leonard the toro , Brothers . Saint stop . a ( oward saint do you think that 's a coincidence ? John look to Leonard he leqnard what do you think ? cm ndicate to say ' no ' . howard saint when you be bear ' in the swamp , you do not laugh about the ' thin line between this world and . the other . there 's a reason thing happen . | week and the toros ? if this isn " , a-message from something beyond 's the world we see , how else can . you — explain what you just tell 'my ? '' int . saint mansion - master bedroom = unigh ? livia Saint sit before the fireplace with a photo scrapbook of Bobby . she tear the photo from the book and stack they on the fire . they ignite . Howard Saint appear behind she . together they watch the photo burn . livia 's eye , burn more fiercely than the fire . ae dissolve to : int . castle house -- night Frank be have a nightmare . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 20 . continued : castle no gun ... no ... no .... put it down ... what would you do ... put it down . . . amanda watch he . we move through the house to will 's room . will be awake . he 's worried about . he dad . ext . ybor CITY -. '' EL toro '' nightclub - night ybor City , Tampa 's Cuban barrio . a nightclub with a sign : '' toro '' over 'a huge neon bull . Cuban gangster loiter on the stoop , smoking hashish / tobacco cigar . a limousine pull up . Howard and John Saint , and Leonard Glass get out . int . '' EL toro '' , '' nightclub - office over gambling pit - night mike toro and joe '' ' toro , Tampa ' 's lead Cuban gangster , hold court with Howard Saint , 'dohn Saint and Glass . they be in a office overlook ' the toro 's 's gambling pit ... . : mike toro for ten year wé have , , do business , for ten year '' you ! vé handle we money , and this '' be '' the first time you have come to miy. , office . this be the first time youve séen where the money come from . '' never invite I to you hous : , and I know you be not a silver spooner | anymore than I , so why not be social ? : howard saint my son be dead . ek . joe toro eo we do not kill he . : howard saint I do not say that . I say my son be '' ie dead . ae mike toro I can not bring he back , Howard , so if you think I be Jesus Christ , you be in the wrong church . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 21 . continued : . howard saint we have be follow someone who know who kill my son . we follow he here . mike toro and this fuck be in my club , drink my rum and play card . at my table ? . joe toro we will kill he right now . . howard saint no. something else . the Saints and leotard Glass look down at the gambling pit -- where FBI agent . '' tamang ? '' week walk past the blackjack table to the roulette wheél . the clientele be mostly white and upscale . Mike nod toifoed , Joe pick up a phone . a pit boss put he hand to he 's earphone , lock up at the camera in the sky , and nod . he walk : the croupier and ' say something , the croupier nod as week . put he chip on the table . the wheel ' spin . '' sede CUT to : x not . '' EL toro 's office - night week sit in a chair stare ae the toros ... week ws Lay one hand on I and 5 7 Agents will raid this plac morning ~ with warrant . : mike toro a go get you warrant . '' hey you |. honor , we want to bust this illegal gambling joint where I lose 200 ! x grand . " you will be a meter may os before breakfast . week you should not have give I credit . joe toro you bust I , I be a bad judge of character , which . be my problem , but . ( more ) 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 22 . continued : joe toro ( cont 'd ) you still have to make . good , in any way you can . ° week stare at the toros , not yet understanding . Mike toro rap he unuckle on the door . a pause . the door open . and Howard Saint and Leonard Glass enter the room . howard saint if you be a father , you would understand why . I can not stop until I find out what really happen to my son . e¥told you , I would go to the professional . and here you be . _ week blink at Howard Saint as it dawns on he what they want ... and ~~ : cut to : ext . puerto rico - woqden pter ( underwater ) - day bubble burst from as xegulator . Castle , in scuba gear , watch will , free-divi : _swim '.down to a tank and regulator on the sandy bottom . will breathes off the regulator . Castle signal '' thumb up . '' . will point past Castle , who turn and look at a 10 foot . ' bull , shark harmlessly : swim past the barnacle - encrust wood pier piling next to they . Castle make the hand signal : '' ascend . '' will ditch the regulator and kick upward . Castle follow . ext . puerto rico - wooden pier - day Castle and will break to the surface next to a old wooden pier in a cove down the coast from the castile estate , outfit as a boat refueling station with gas ' pump . they wave up to amanda and Castle 's parent , stand ona knoll above the cove . ext . puerto rico - knoll above cove . - day amanda take in Puerto Rico 's eastern ( unpopulatéd ) coast . Castle sr. and wife betty be show they daughter - in- law he island retreat . 25 February 2003 { continued } 23 . continued : frank sr . '' nature preserve on one side , rocky beach on the other , I look five year to find a place like this . - Castle and will trudge up the knoll with fin and mask . frank sr . ( cont 'd ) how would he do ? - castle he do : the free dive to the submerge tank . I have see navy seal do worse . ae , will we'saw a ' shark ! '' _aprank sr . that pitele > bull shark 's back ? what 's '' little ? '' 12 footer . ahh , that 's nothing . so tong as you be not bleed , theyre not bite . . amanda stand there aghast , watch 3 genefation of Castle man ~- will , Castle , and Castle sr. , walk eff together . betty castle nothing you can . do about it honey , you marry a castile . . se ext . tampa cemetery - day a line of limousine be park in a hillside cemetery . downtown Tampa in the b.g. mourner be walk frem Bobby Saint ' 's funeral . paparazzi and news . crew be work . Howard Saint and John Saint walk livia to they limousine and help she in . Howard Saint get in next to livia . a car pull up next to they . Leonard Glass get out and toss a manila envelope on Howard Saint 's lap . 25 February 2003 24 . int . howard saint's limousine - day Howard Saint remove two FBI confidential file from the envelope . the first be a investigation file on nicky duka : insert ~ FBI file highlighted language arm sale schedule between astrov and n. duka of Tampa , Florida . sale arrange by undercover code name Alpha Zebra .... back . to scene Howard Saint hand the ist file to livia and open the 2nd , mark undercover operative profile , contain Castle 's military dossier and photo of Castle as a Delta operative in Iraq , stand with week , and later dress as '' arm dealer '' Tatum Shaw . : leonard glass Tatum shawsnever exist . his real name be Frank tle . the name , connection , apartment in Europe , none of it be real . not even he death . a howard saint maybe it be , maybe he come back from the dead just to die . again . leonard glass you have you chance . he 's leave for England next week and he 's at -.a family reummion in Puerto Rico : howard saint ihe , I want you to be there , so you .can_ tell livia how he die . : . Leonard Glass begin to walk off . livia saint wait . ( Glass stop ) the family . ( she lift she veil ) his whole family . Howard Saint nod , consent . Leonard Glass close the door . the limousine drive off . 25 February 2003 25 . int . puerto rico - castle estate - night a table long enough for everyone , pile with food . Frank . sr. be bang he glass , and by the look in he eye , this be not go to be he first drink of the night . . frank sr. quiet ! I just want to say ! : betty castle you just want to say you be drunk . frank sr. hen a Castle get drunk - Betty , " : betty castle ( to everyone ) - he fall asleep , if you know what I mean . : everyone laugh . . will T @o not get '' it . . amanda and you should not . frank sr . but sériously folk . - I have always want to say that ~' but seriously folk , this be the first family reunion we have have in five year , and that 's too long . we do not see each other like this enough . ) look at we . italian castiglione , irish carey , this two side of the family that , when you put they - together ... you get a boy like my grandson . you get the future . will , the future belong to you . and to all of you kid ... all of you . I love you ail . '' General hum of '' and we love you . " 8 : frank sr . ( cont 'd ) so. drink one for Dublin , drink one for Rome . they drink . 25 febmary 2003 ( continued ) 26 . continued : amanda look - at Frank . he have turn he face away . he have teat in he eye . * castle Excuse I . he walk away . his mother look concerned , amanda / mouth , ' it 's okay ' . at the dock Frank sit on the dock . what happen ? what 's wrong ? oo castle I be home ... I '' finally home . it 's over . it 'ssreally over . I love you so much : and F be really sorry for ... you do not have say it . I marry you . I know what ~ I be do . and I would do it agath . yoll '' and I ... we be net lucky , we be bless . she hug he , and he break * down ; '' and cry for twenty year of death . ' : they begin to make love . ext . puerto rico ~ coast ~- night the Castle estate be 2 mile downshore , wehear outboard engine which cut to a idle . ' two sleek ; menace , cigarette boat glide to a moor . 8 man {we do n’tyet see they face ) get out of the boat and head inte the palm . cuT to : int . will be room - night * eo Castle and amanda watch he sleep . castle ( whisper ) we should have another . 25 February 2003 ( continued } 27 . continued : amanda ( whisper } I be ready . wildl ( he be awake ) another what ? we castle goodnight , will . will wait . I buy something for you . be bed and pull out a crudely wrap he reach unde : package . : castle it 's not my birthday . as he open the package . wile I know , but ... iosaw it ... ina window . it be the only one . and I know you have to have it . it 's a T-shirt with the symbol : | castle it 's my size . will will you wear it ? castle yes , but not every day , special for every day . will '' yy that 's what I think , too . 4 Frank kiss will on the forehead . ext . castle estate perimiter -- day eight man ( we do not yet see they identity ) move through palm grove toward the compound . 25 February 2003 28 . int . castle estate ~ MAIN house -- day everyone be in the thatched hut bar / dance area . there be two set of musician in the family , one set be irish , the other be italian , and they be have a battle of the ethnic band . ext . castle estate -- day bolt cutter shear a lock . the man be on the grounds . Silent signal , they spread out as plan . int . castle estate - gazebo ~- day this be justvexuberance and dance , castle dance irish jig and carey dance italian folk dance ; child dance with old people ; cousin flirt , teens reach for drink and get they hand slap by mother , mother look away and teens drink anyway , couple be loose enough to kiss in public , everyone be peppy prank sr. signal £ 0 . csstie , let 's take a stroll . they walk away . will throw a football to bis mother , they move down : to ' the beach and play catch . . int . frank sr' study -- vay ee Frank walk to a custom madé " gun «case in a room decorate with he father 's medal and he ‘owm™high school sport ~ trophy : there be two gun case . a tall one for rifle and shotgun , and a lock glass cover table for antique pistol . , castle the 1911 colt ... frank sr . - what about they . castle e you do something to they . frank sr . I fix the action . Castle try to open the case , but it 's lock . castle can T see ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 29 .. continued : : frank sr . '' no . you be finish with gun . I pray ... I pray every night , every night , for you to come back home . to do something else with you life , not for you , but for my grandson . I do not want my grandson to have a room . like this . that bayonet , I use it . that rifle , I kill with it . the colt ? some US | Marshall in tombstone Arizona use that a long time ago . they be out of service . castle then why would you fix the action ? : frank sr . because i. be not praying for myself . '' a '' ong you always . to I , that someone have to do the fight , and better it be man of honorlike , the castle , or none at alf =' let will do somethidg ' better . castle amen . ext . gazebo -- day Castle 's mother , dance with a little boy , .dollapse to the floor . a int . frank sr .‘s study - day Castle have see he mother fall . castle fe Mom ? ext , gazebo ~- day then a bullet tear through one of the teenager ' face , send blood everywhere . 25 February 2003 30 . int . frank sr .’s study - day push in on Castle , he worst fear realize . the two man grab xvifle from the tall gun case and run out . ext . gazebo -- day as the family run away , unseen killer cut they down : it happen that fast : Glass and enforcer 1 - 4 move on the Castle family on the beach while John Saint 's and enforcer 5 - 8 surround that on the patio . they start shoot Castle 's family , execution - style . single shot to the head . cold and clinical . ext . beach - day amanda pull will behind the rowboat , out of view . they watch the killing ' thrqugh a hull crack . ext . MAIN house - patio , ~ day JOHN saent find he wife and son ! John Saint , Glass , and enforcer 5 - 8 fan out across the property while enforcer 1 - 4 move on the Main House . ext . beach - behind derelict : ro ' boat ~ day amanda frantically look around} she seé theix rental jeep sit in the beach access drive . La amanda eke I be go to count to three , then 's we be go to run to that jeep , | okay ? re will . Mom what 's happen ? where 's dad ? amanda dad 'il be okay , you have to do what I tell you honey . one ...two ... ext . MAIN house - patio ~ day enforcer 1 - 2 move on the Main House . enforcer 1 yank open the back door and charge in and boooom , he 's immediately blow back out . Castle step through the threshold , pump a shotgun , and blow away enforcer 2 . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 31 . continued : enforcer 3 - 4 take cover behind the gas grill . Frank sr. , exite behind Castle , shotgun the grill 's propane , tank . the tank explode , kill they . ext . beach . - behind derelict rowboat ~ day amanda and will run to the Jeep near the beach access drive . amanda push : in will and scramble behind the wheel . John Saint , fan across the beach with enforcer . 5 - 8 , hear the Jeep ignition . they turm and open fire on the flee jeep . int , rental , jeep - day bullet ping off the rear bumper . . amanda floor the Jeep onto the main coastal , road . ext . castle estate ; driveway - day John Saint , Glass , and enforcer 5 and 6 ( refer to hereinafter as dante and , spoon ) get in Castle sr. 's pickup truck . sohn saint {ta enforcer 7 , 8 ) where 's Castle ? '' '' the pickup truck peel out . ~ front of the house Castle and Frank sr. run to the front yard ... as they round the corner of the house - boom - enforcer " ? appear , fire . Frank sr. , shotgun , crumple to . to ground . enforcer 7 pump he shotgun , but castie 's . on he . he headlock enforcer 7 and snap he neck .»’ enfotcer 8 garrote Castle from behind . Castle be lose consciousness . suddenly enforcer 8 's grip weaken and he collapse , Frank sr. ' 's bayonet bury in he back . '' it be Frank sr. 's last heroic act . Castle go to he father . kneel . Frank sr. 's mortally wounded , finish , nothing Castle can do for he . frank sr . go. 25 febmuary 2003 ( continued ) 32 . continued : Castle be overwhelm by he father 's courage ~- but the soldier in he take over . he sprint across the yard , get in the station wagon and roar off down the coastal road . ext . puerto rico ~- coastal road — day amanda 's Jeep race down the coastal road . the pickup with Saint , Glass , Dante , and spoon , close fast . int . amanda 's jeep - day amanda comfort will , who 's stare out the back window . | amanda Mom 's go to find help . ext . puerto rico - coastal road - day Dante and spoon : fire *at the Jeep from the pickup . the jeeps 's tire blow out the jeep. veer into a power pole . ext . puerto . rico -. crashed jeep - day amanda and wili , shake butst ninjured , scramble out . amanda grab will 's hand and pull he toward the old wooden pier where they be scuba diving the , previous day . behind they , the pickup truck : bear down . int . pickup truck - day John Saint accelerate for amand and will . ext , puerto rico - coastal road - day ...* amanda turn , she eye widen . the pickup wipe frame and we hear the impact as they be run down . wider angle . '' we see amanda and will 's body on the road . int . pickup truck ~ day we Castle pull up to amanda 's crash Jeep . there 's no one inside . he keep go down the road . then he sées they . ext . puerto rico - coastal road / wooden pier - day Castle stop and ron to he murder wife and son. in front of the old ' wooden pier . he drop to he knee and take they in he arm . he scream . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 33 . continued : in the b.g. , the pickup truck u-turn . Castle get to he foot . the pickup truck bear down . Castle do not retreat , but advance determine , firing . the blast hit the pickup 's front grille . the pickup veer wildly , fishtail across the road . Glass fire 'a burst from he machine gun . bullet rip into Castle 's leg . he go to one knee . the pickup u-turn again . ' Castle , gunshot 's , ' hobby down the wooden pier . - wooden pier - day ext . puerto ric Castle stagger to * thewend of the pier where there 's a dingy with a outboard . the pickup pull up tostiie wooden pier and John Saint , Glass , Dante and spoon get out John Saint level he gun a fire . the bullet hit the powerboat 's 's outboard . it explode , blow Castle backwards . the beac . _ start sink . Castle , groggy , stir on the ' dock . Dante and spoon approach , kick he gun clear . they 1lfe he to he foot . John Saint walk up and viciously hit Castle . \gain , again , again , enjoy it . he step back , .. draw a 'mm . JOHN saint iebe . my father send he regards ../* nclick back hammer ) ' . this time they be not blank . John Saint shoot Castle . Point blank . '' ye mistake . Castle sink to he knee , shot straight through ‘his chest . Glass click the re-fueling tank 's nozzle and let a stream of gasoline run across the wooden pier . Glass , gohn Saint , Dante , and spoon step back . Glass flick a zippo lighter and toss it to the dock . the flame run down the dock into the refueling tank . the wcoden pier blows sky high , send the pick up truck into the air and then into the water . 25 February 2003 34 . eat . wooden pier ~ day Castle be blow into the water . ext . puerto rico - coast ( underwater ) - day Castle sink as a curtain of fire wipe the surface above . he 's bleed heavily and concuss , but not finish . on the bottom , he see the scuba tank leave behind from will 's scuba lesson . he sink to : the regulator and weakly take it in he mouth . he start breathe . his blood begin to cloud the water . ext . puerto.rico .~ ( now destroyed ) wooden pier - day John Saint and Glass walk to the edge . the destroy , smoking pier be sink into the swirl water below . nothing could have 's survive that . and a shark fin slice the water . the bull shark 's be : return . " leonard.. glass bon appetit : of S ext . puerto rico - coast ( jerwater ) - day Castle , bleed heavily , see * the shark circle above . he turn to the island 's underwater ( cave opening . - dragging the scuba tank and suck on the regulator , Castle pull himself along the rocky bottom toward ' the’ cave . ext . puerto rico - coastal cave ( underwater ) - day Castle pull himself through a cavé ? opériing . behind - he the bull shark have pick up the blood stent and be home in . Castle ascend , pull the scuba tank with he . ext . puerto rico - cave - day , Castle surface inside the cave . the shark close . Castle pull himself onto a ledge ; the shark fin pass agonizingly near . Castle wince . cough up blood . he look around . he 's on the rocky bank of a underground river '' tcomnion to the Caribbean ) run to the sea . with the last of he strength , Castle drag himself down the rocky bank . ext . puerto rico - ( now destroyed ) wooden pier - day John Saint , Glass , Dante , and spoon walk to the pickup and drive off . 25 February 2003 35 . ext . puerto rico -— down coast from destroyed pier - night Castle see - through a open in the . cave wall - the moon .. he squeeze ' through , emerge under a rock outcropping down the coast from the destroy wooden pier . he stagger into the surf . wave crash against he . . his eye roll back . he falis backward on a slab of rock , unconscious . - dissolve to : a hallucinatory sequence ~- we eye -flutter open . we hear the splish splosh of foot in the surf . a man be stare at we . a native West indian . we lose consciousness . : . 7 - 7 we regain consciousness . we nre on a boat of some kind , a little wooden . dugout ; be borne across the sea . 4 - -~ we be walk down : thé : beach . amanda. and will be there . but they fade from view . , .: we scream . we be in a smoky room now . a ~+ we regain consciousness we. lose consciousness . . CUT to -~ huge parrot stare at . we ext . downtown tampa - '' all saint '' lounge - night nicky duka in tight c.u. nicky duka . get that hunk -a-junk outta the way ...! nicky duka 's now the valet Captain at . all Saints , Howard Saint 's nightclub and de facto headquarters .. valet ferry luxury car . a bentley pull up . Howard and livia Saint get out , livia in a tight black number drip diamond . John Saint pull up behind they in a lamborghizii . nicky duka ( cont 'd ) ( sycophantic ) Big crowd tonight Mr. Saint ... you look beautiful Mrs. Saint . - livia rudely brushes past nicky , ignore he , move toward the entrance with she husband . John Saint toss nicky he key and slap a tampa DAILY news in nicky 's chest , walk off . nicky duka turn over the paper . the headline : massacre in pubrto rico photo of the Castle estate ; body , Castle , etc . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 36 . continued : : nicky duka ( cont 'd ) Holy sh ..... nicky drop the paper like he 's go to puke , white as a sheet . the Saints enter the nightclub . int . '' all saint '' lounge - day the club be a blend of sophistication and depravity , and Howard and . livia Saint move through it to a private lounge area where Leonard Glass and John Saint be wait champagne giass . they all toast . 7 howard saint to Bobby . 20 all ( unison ) to Bobby . livia - saint '' to a score -settle . they all drink . the music change . John Saint be beckone to . the dance floor bya silicone - enhance blonde . howard , saint Leonard , could you dance with livia ? . Glass take livia to the dance 's floor , leave Howard Saint to be mobbed by mob-world enforcer .. ; from the corner of he eye Howard Saint watch Leonard Glass dance with he wife . livia 's affection for Glass be obvious and - they dance well together . there 's a commotion across the room . mike and joe toro , the Cuban gangster , be ente ing the club . howard saint ( cont ! D ) Excuse I . across the nightclub Howard Saint walk up and smile . howard saint a it 's good to see you here , but next '' time , you be come to the house . joe toro and wé will have you for Thanksgiving . Howard , this town be big enough for both of we . 25 February 2003 37 . on the dance floor Mike toro move across the floor , cut in on Glass . Glass and livia do not quite know how to react . Mike toro 's drunk and loose and have a good time . livia saint Leonard , who be this ? mike toro ( wildly drunk , too familiar , hand roam ) you be livia , I be Mike , this be lenny , I do business with Howard . we be third cousin , and we should be nice to each other . leonard glass _ Mike , thisvis Mrs. Saint , and you be miste : aint 's guest . and it 's a party , Leonard , tell this beautiful woran 's to have another drink and i!11 show she how I cha cha cha : 's besame ; baby , besame mucho . that 's Spanish for ... '' livia saint I know what it mean . livia slap Mike toro 's face , startling he . toro rub he cheek , stare at livia . she walk away . |: across . the floor livia stalk back to the table past Howard Saint . : livia do not bring business home . Howard Saint watch she , then turn to Joe tore . he shrug . int . saint mansion ~ master bedroom : - night Howard : and livia Saint stand on the balcony overlook glitter Tampa Bay . howard saint I have something for you . 25 pebruary 2003 ( continued ) 38 . continued : he take a velvet case out of he pocket . she open it . two beautiful diamond earring . 's livia they be beautiful . howard saint no , you be beautiful , without you , they be just diamond . she put they on , , and then ... livia _ they be all I need . and she step . out of she dress . they kiss . int . puerto rico - candelarta's driftwood shack ~- day week later , indicate .by Castle 's bristle face . Castle stir . his eye open ' wide . he attempt to move . the pain be excruciate . he manage to sit up . he 's in a shack make from what appear to . bi xif€twood . . parr ? who 's you daddy ? Castle turn . the parrot '' exait 's be dream sit there . my name be Bob . castle bob. ( look around bewilder ) where be I ? have parrot ( mimick ) where~am - I - where - be - I - where - be . Castle look at he chest . it 's bandage with " wear muslin wrap . - his leg and shoulder . bandage tooc . : he -painfully stand and shuffles to a break mirror hang .on the wall . run he hand through two week of beard . the ' break mirror merge with -- castle' hallucination -- the break mirror shard of amanda 's crash jeep ... and amanda and will . running . lying dead . Castle srs. blood on the patio , the other murder . it 's terrifying . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 39 . continued : SNAP ... Castle pull himself out of it . Castle hear footstep outside . someone 's come . Castle look around for a weapon . he grab a rusty knife from the kitchen table . it will have to do . the door swing open . sandale feet cross the threshold . candelarta . . a bullet in the leg , that 's just one bullet , a bullet in the leg , a ' bullet in the shoulder , and a bullet '' in the chest ? that 's very interesting , very interesting . the door slowly swing open , revealing manuel candelaria , the last old man of the sea . 2 candelaria ( cont 'd ) . you look silly with that knife . stle look at the. knife in he he turn and walk out 's ish . Castle follow he . hand , suddenly feel £ , ext . puerto rico - candelarta 's ' island - day candelaria walk to he dig - out ' boat . 's Castle follow , shuffle . the Puerto riéan coastline lie across the sea . castle '' how long have I be here ? no answer . candelaria pick up 4 ' dolphin fish from he dugout boat . we int . puerto rico - candelarta 's driftwood shack - day Castle finish he fish . candelaria pour rum . they drink in silence . Castle be rum-drunk , exhaust , fade . the parrot be hopping around the table . candelaria give he a fade newspaper , with the story of he family 's death . candelaria you think you be ready to go back ? 's castle yes . candelaria you be not . Castle fall asleep again . 25 February 2003 40 . ext . puerto rico - castle estate - day week later . Castle , further recover and move better , paddle ashore on candelaria 's dug-out . he stare at he parent 's property . Castle continue toward the house , ducking orange crime scene tape strung between palm . ext . castle estate - day '' for sale '' and '' estate auction '' sign hang in the yard . Castle approach . the : - house . the front door be plaster with crime scene tape . Castle stop . he hear voice in he ear . scream ; , :' he see flash of the killing . int . castle equate - MAIN house - day Castle kick 's in the’ front door and enter . all the furniture , and artwork have * '' be tag for auction . , . int . frank sr .’s-study != day the gun case . Castle 's hand smashes hrough the glass . he take the gun . he look at the photo of amanda and will . he hear violin music . he turn . 's amanda be stand there play . ; castle . scrunches he eye ... SNAP ... she 's go . Castle : grab the .45 and exit . ext . castle estate ~ beach ~— day Castle , with he father 's .45 , stagger . down the beach . he sit on a log and unpocket . the amanda / will photo and stare at it . he finally break down and weep uncontrollably . he see something o.s . Black cloth knotted with seaweed . Castle pull the cloth from the sand , shake it ... .it 's the skull t-shirt will give Castle , ext . puerto rico ~ candelaria 's island - day i= . Castle tie the skiff to candelaria 's dock and walks.to the shack carry the item from he parent 's housé . candelaria , with Bob perch on he shoulder , stare at the 245 in Castle 's hand . castle I be leave in the morning . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 41 . continued : candelaria I know . '' castle thank you . candelarta {do not even say it ) where be you go ? castle you read the papers . Castle walk . off . _ candelaria vaya cor dios . go with God . _ Castle turris . ' this one out . fade to black . fade in : ext . fairfak , virginia - cemetery - ( morning ) day Morning haze lift as we ' move ythrough row of headstone . we pause at three : amanda castle 2968 ~ 2004 , william castle 1996 - 2004 . , a castle stand stare at the grave . he bkneel . castle I will see you soon . Castle exit frame , angle widen to include a chain wrap around a third headstone : francis castle .1968 - .2004 . Castle 's headstone : we hear . a truck rev . ' Castle 's headstone rip from the ground and CUT to : . ext . virginia cemetery ~ ( later ) day a groundkeeper be cut grass on a John deere ride - they 's lawnmower . he suddenly brake . he see something peculiar . Castle 's headstone have be rip from the earth . fade to black . fade in : 25 February 2003 42 . ext . tampa ~ hooker' point - dusk a establish .-. hooker 's point-is - the~old - wharf , now -a-vista ’> of smokestack , slag , rusted metal . utterly depress . in the middle of this , a solitary tenement apartment . ext . hooker' point - tampa rent control apartment - dusk resident joan , 30 , be plant flower in a pathetic little garden by the stoop . she 's reserve , tired , see too much of the world 's dark side . frayed , but with hide beauty . a clanging and banging noise emanate from the apartment 's loft warehouse . Joan turn and stare , listen . int . bumpo 's apartment - night resident stanley : bumpo , a 500 pound fat man with corresponding esteem problem , work he way through a stack of deepdish pepperoni pizza , watch a scap opera with the volume turn up loud to cover the clanging noise . a new SOUND be too loud to ignote and he look out the window . a crane be lift steel plate into the loft , above the apartment building 's gaxage ; int . spacker daver apartment . - resident spacker dave , 23 , a generation Z slacker with 36 facial piercing , be play . ;* doom 3 '' on a monitor amongst a bay of tvs receive satellite feed : brazilian soccer , danish porn , the german parliament , etc . Dave have not clean or pick up anything for 3 year . all the tvs suddenly blink with static . spacker dave damn . spacker Dave crawl out the window . ext . catwalk outside spacker dave 's apartment ~ night spacker Dave ride a makeshift cart across a catwalk , follow he tv cable , to the adjacent rooftop where he 's illegally pirate feed from a satellite dish ... 900 : ext . rooftop adjacent to spacker dave ‘s - night Dave begin adjust he cable feed . he hear a rumbling engine below . a 1971 chevelle supersport be wheeling into the garage below . Castle ( we see he silhouette ) get out . 25 February 2603 43 . int . rent control apartment hallway - night spacker Dave join Mr. bumpo and Joan ( tie the apron of she waitress uniform ) at a window overlook the garage . they be friend because they have no one else . spacker dave a supercharged 1971 chevelle supersport with double over head cam . os mr. bumpo why would you even want that kind of ' information in you brain ? : spacker dave it 's like '' gum underneath a table . it just stick there until you want to chew itvagain . Joan 22 " because I have not slépt all week . when he move . all * thatsjsteel in , '' think he might be anvartist . mr . bumpo . how exciting ! ah , joan " no. artist do not live in Point , Florida . spacker ' dave : and you be the expert on artist ?.. joan I have know a few . oe ae mr . bumpo so what do you think he 's do ? joan ask he . 25 February 2003 { continued } 44. continued : spacker dave ( laugh ) oh ... yeah ... that 's ... Joan , you be so droll . just so droll . joan you too , baby , and I be late for work . spacker dave '' night Joan . mr . bumpo be you up for american idol , spacker Dave ? os ° " spacker dave 40£ course ) . what a stupid question , Mr. bumpo . quick -cut. image ) 1 . castle 's loft ( night - montage ) Castle ignites a welding torch and begin steel - veinforce the loft 's door arid window , install hide '' gun placement . 2 . castle 's loft ( @ight = montage ) Castle exercise . 3 . castle' garage ( day - montage ) , in morning sunlight , Castle hoist the ' 71 chevelle 's engine , begin rebuild . 4 . castle' garage ( day - montage ) Castle .steel - reinforce the ' 71 chevelle 's front drive compartment . 5 . int . castleas loft apartment night ( ending montage ) . Castle slide a clip in he colt .45 and slug a whiskey , rise into frame wear he son 's skull t-shirt . he put a leather jacket on over it and zip it up , ; nhide the shirt . 6 . ext . castle 's garage - sunrise the ' 71 chevelle ( repaint black , header , ' ram - alr ) '' burn rubber onto the street . '' so ext . '' all saint '' lounge - night nicky duka - face and tooth heal now - pull he corvette out of all Saints . down the street . headlight click on . 25 February 2003 45 . ext . tampa coffee shop - night nicky duka walk he coffee to he ' vette . whump , a car hit he rear fender . a ' 71 chevelle . . nicky duka see that fender , you fuck ? it 's worth more than you life ! ( drop coffee ) oh shhhbhhhiiiit ...!! Castle get out of the chevelle and gruffly collar nicky and slam CUT to : int . castleas loft apartment - night nicky duka - stripped to - the waist and hang from he wrist like a rack of : rib - stare at Castle , : terrify , lcky duka look Tatum : y. '' castle . ; it 's not Tatum . ° nicky duka right , Castle , wait Castle raise a acetylene torch#and - pop ~- ignites it .. ae nicky duka ( cont : D ) .uhm , what 's the torch for ? castle oh this ?. just .a little something I learn from the Taliban , question : ( draw close ) '' who give I up ? i an nicky duka I do not know anything about it . castle not the right answer . {slower this time ) who give I up ? nicky duka the Saints tell I nothing ! 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 46 . continued : castle nothing ? they pay you rent , you legal bill ... you should . know something : fhold up torch ) two ' thousand degree . enough to turn steel into tofu . but the paradox of ... well , what I like to call ... the persuader be that when ieput it to you skin it will not feel ' hot . be not that not what you expect ? be not science fun ? nicky ? be not science fun . nicky duka uh. bub , '' castle the flame ' sear you nerve ending shut and * that 's kill they . it hurt , it s'j just not hot . and then you go into sheek and all you feel be ... cold . ! nicky : oka , to swear I 'm. tell '' the truth ! castle but you still know . you be : burn because of the smell . 2 ever smell burn ' human flesh , nicky ? Castle take a position behind nicky duka nicky squixm - turn , try to see what he 's do ... nicky duka I do not know shit ....!!! ( Castle jab he ) . - argghhhhhhhhh ! ! 1 ! ! . . we hear sizzling . smoke and steam . Castle smile . jab nicky again . flesh sizzle . nicky duka writhes ; int . rent control apartment hallway - night spacker Dave and Mr. bumpo come out of they apartment , reacting to nicky duka 's agonize scream . mr . bumpo should we call the police ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 47 . continued : : spacker dave let 's stay out of it . he 's a very scary man . mr . bumpo maybe he 's kill someone ! maybe we be next ! spacker dave exactly ! int . castleas loft apartment - night nicky duka be apoplectic , gasp .... ee " nicky duka I dontt™know , really , stop it ... pleage ! angle bekind nicky '' duka Castle be jabbing nicky ch a popsicle . ( the '' cold '' sensation ) while run the : torch over hot dog on a tin plate ( the smoke , sizzle and smell ) . Castle jab again . nicky puma '' all right ! i'‘llctell . you anything ! t'i1 tell you anything you want to know . castle : T bet you say that to '' all the guy . Castle remove the popsicle . nicky oh , God , that hurt . you be a sick man , Castle . castle I do not want to know about I . and he jab again with the popsicle . nicky duka I be not a strong person , I be a very weak person , but I be not a stupid person and I keep my eye open and that 's why no one kill I . I do not know who turn on you , but I know other stuff . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 48 , continued : castle tell I . '' nicky I know how the Saints and the toros be connect . they . do not think I have be . watch , but I have . and I know you will kill I if I do not tellsyou what I have see . castle keep go . : nicky Bobby . tell I how it work , and if hissfather know that I know , he would . iave 's kill Bobby himself . montage cont : inue 7 . ybor CITY ( night : montage ) Saints , Glass , and toro Brothers at El toro nightclub . handshakes and smile . Inside ( shot through doorway} huge cach of unsorted money be stuff in suitcase . while this be on screen we hear nicky describe it : to cast : ple ya : nicky . & the toros make money '' '' from gambling and drug . it 's af. all cash business . they give : it to the Saints . ae 8 , tampa commodity exchange build ( night - montage ) Saint enforcer offload cash suitcase into the Exchange . nicky ( cont 'd ) aan the Saints count it , sort it , and . get it out .of the country . they , ‘have a operation in the Cayman wl Islands . a 9 , tampa harbor ( night ~ montage ) John Saint bay . a corrupt harbor master while , in the b.g. , the cash suitease care load onto a cargo ship mark with a Cayman tgland . manifest . nicky ( cont 'd ) once the money be deposit in the cayman , Saint have it wire to bank around the world , who send it back to he bank in Florida , and then the bank " loan " the money to ( more ) 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 49 . continued : nicky ( cont 'd ) the toros , who never pay it back . and the Saints take forty percent . int . castle' loft apartment - night Castle jab nicky one more time . nicky duka argghh ... for the love of .. ( Castle shove the popsicle in nicky 's mouth ) ...humppphhh. Castle cut nicky :.down . nicky fall tothe floor , momentarily confuse . castle for the first time in you life , you . tol ruth . nicky run he hand : ross he back . look up at Castle . nicky that be not. very . castle really ? how many : peop ] alive ? and be you . isure I have make my mind up about you ? ' 10 . castle 's loft ( night ~ montage ) Castle sit before a trunk of weaponry , explosive , afd military , , equipment and begin construct a homemade version of ' he torso - mount weapon harness we see in Kuwait City 1 ar before . 11 . tampa movie theater ( night - montage ) gastle photo livia , exite she park mercede and ;enter a downtown movie theater . ° i2 . tampa barber shop ( night - montage ) '' Castle photo Leonard Glass and young male barber in the barbershop 's rear alley . it look like a shakedown . it 's not ...: Glass and the barber kiss . castile get the picture . : * 13 . above saint compound ( day - montage ) caste photo ( zoom lens ) Howard and John Saint leave the Saint mansion . 14 . leonard glass 's townhouse ( day - montage ) Castle photo Leonard Glass leave he opulent waterfront townhouse . 25 February 2003 50 . ext , n71 chevelle - sunrise Castle drive from hooker 's Point into downtown Tampa . the chevelle 's interior resemble the bus cab from '' the gauntlet '' ~ steel - line with collapsible view slat . ext . downtown tampa - day early morning rush hour in Tampa 's business district . the sidewalk be jamme with lawyer , banker , paralegal , secretary , etc .. all hustling to work . int . tampa commodity exchange - zoth FL . - day two accountants - transfer bale of $ 100 dollar bill from a walk - in safe to a dolly . one of they stop . sniff something . turn . see a acetylene torch burn through the rear stairwell door . he.lunge for a , gun when the door burst open . Castle 'nstand in the threshold with a shotgun . on the £loor the accountant drop the gun to the floor . castle ( cont 'd ) wheel the money : - to the window and throw it out . accountant mister , this depositsjare insure by blood . castle be you afraid to say nis 's nadie ? be you afraid to say that this money , belong to Howard Saint ? accountant 1 i£ you know who he be , then you .« have to know he will fuck you life up . castle he already fuck my life up . castile pump the shotgun . the accountant get the message and roll the dolly to the window . 25 February 2003 51 . ext , tampa commodity exchange - day Saint enforcer Dante and spoon ( executioner in Puerto Rico ) exit a delivery truck . the sidewalk pedestrian be scatter and scream . Dante and spoon look around . what in the world be happen ? a $ 100 dollar bill land at they foot . then another . another . they look up . the sky be snowing money . $ 100 bill . thousands of bill . bale upon . bale be blow out the 20th floor window ! lawyer , banker , secretary chase the money , stuff bill away . Dante and spoon race to the building 's entrance but they be push back by people pile out . int . tampa commodity exchange - 20 th FL ..- day Castle shotgun -prod athe accountant into the walk - in safe and kick it shut . le grab the last cash bale and ' hurry across the floor to the-rear- face window and look out . in the alley below be trash dumpster .. can tile drop the cash bale , which plummet 20 storey and land plonk ! in. a dumpster . ext . tampa commodity '' exchange - various angle - day mayhem . the $ 100 bill stilivfall . a taxi driver , grab , for a bill on he windshield , crésh . a biker grab for cash and steer into a fountain .:. two police cruiser block a pedestrian - clogge intersection int . tampa commodity exchange - ground , feoor lobby ~- day Dante and spoon force they . way into , lobby to the elevator . the elevator ding and open . ' Dante and spoon look like they just eat worm . : Castle stand in the élevator . castle do they pay you for each one ? do you give a discount if it 's more than ten ? Dante and spoon slowly back up . Castle advance . '' castle ( cont 'd ) I want to know how much you charge for you service . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 52 . continued : multiple cut of the man go for they weapon . Dante 's nostril flare , spoon 's brow sweat . they draw they semi - auto from beneath they coat . Castle pull . back he jacket and draw . six shot spit from Frank 's .45 . Dante and spoon collapse , thudding on the marble . a sound in the corner . Castle whip around , training he gun . a terrify security guard cower under the desk . : security guard do not kill I . Tampa p.d. officer pour into the lobby . '' police officer freeze ! hand in the air ! Castle drop he .45 andlraise he hand and CUT to : '' i : ext . tampa spring country..club - 1st tee - day Howard Saint , play he weekly morning round , swing a five iron , crush the ball to a . - elevate green . he squint . Saint and he bodyguard drive " oe. in a golf cart . ext . tampa spring country cause ~ ist GREEN - day something 's wrong . Howard Saint answer . howard saint yes . . JOHN saint ( on phone ) 's ~ dad , you be not go to believe . this . howard saint oh , I might . reverse angle - what howard saint be staring at ' " *~ Castle 's headstone from the Virginia cemetery have be forcefully ram - with upturn dirt around it - into the middle of the pristine , manicure golf green . right next to the pin and Howard Saint 's golf ball . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 53 . continued : the '' date of death '' have be chisele off . int . tampa federal build ~ FBI bureau ~ day the news about the commodity Exchange have just come in . FBI agent Jimmy week hurry down the corrider with Tampa police chief edwin morris and U.S. Attorney marc flynn . chief morris this be interesting . the two man ' who be kill work for . Howard Saint . : the guard in the lobby say it be self - defense . the shooter 's insroom.7 , just bring in . week know about he ? what do they stop outside tieerrogation room 7 . week drop he coffee cup . it smashes : on the tile floor . '' ss chteruimorris believe in ghost ; fella ? Chief Morris and U.S. Attorney ... Flynn continue inside . week pause , take a breath , . then 's beoceed inside . int . tampa CITY hall ~ police : ' interrogation - day they enter . Castle be sit , sip coffee , stare / straight ahead with emotionless éye . p.d. chief morris Castle ? I be Tampa Chief , of Police Edwin Morris . this be ur States Attorney Marc Flynn ? know agent week . you castle : ( like he see he 2 yesterday ) - hi Jimmy . week I speak at you funeral . castle what do you say ? week i. say it be hard to imagine you dead . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 54 . continued : castle anything you can imagine , Jimmy , there 's always something worse . U.S. attorney marc flynn ( step forward ) special agent Castle , the lobby guard corroborate you statement . as for the ... cash blizzard downtown , and subsequent riot , I '' can not place you at the scene because , surprise , everybody 's take the 5th . you will be further , question and may be subje : not to prosecution . do not leave 's the. country . U.S. Attorney Flynn are at Castle , then exit . poetce chief morris let 's talkabowit Puerto Rico . what can you tell a . nothing you dorm '' ap already . police ' cheef morris with you eyewitness account we can get murder 1 indidtment ~ castle I get shot . I wake y that 's what I remember . PA Morris and week exchange a look . week . but Frank ... where have you be . castle " I forget . police chief morris a I know you be upset . castle ee ( rise to frightening rage ) upset ? be that the word ? I use to get upset when 's I have a flat tire . for use to get upset when a plane be delay . I use to get upset when { more ) 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 55 . continued : { 2 ) castle ( cont 'd ) the yankee win the Series . so if that 's what upset mean , than how do I feel now ? if you know the word , tell I , because I do not know the word for what I really feel . who give I up ? he grab Morris by the collar and lift he against the wall . Morris be red-face , shaking , scared shitless , police chief morris no one from my department have anything to do with you family 's murder . - week cas tie ! . Castle release Morris , who slump against the wall , flushed and gag . . . castle iwas ina safe , house . nee toe morris oo if they know you be still alive , they ' 11 come back . for you : , castle '' ( walk to door , stdép ) do not worry about keep I a secret . I be in the phone book . .° Castle exit .. police chief morris . he 's get a permit for conceal weapon , do not he ? week yes , level - 5 . police chief morris tf the FBI can not stop that man from cause any more trouble in my city , I will have he arrest , and if he resist , I will have he shot . 25 February 2003 56 . ext . tampa CITY hall - day Castle come down the stair . week follow . week Frank , ( Castle keep walk ) Frank ! '' ( Castle findlly stop ; week approach ) Morris be a local cop with no imagination and he do not have the training you have , and I have . forget about he , and forget about the Tampa PD . I will find out who set you .up.. just hang in there . ( this. , be about friendship ) lose , do not talk to é stone stair , walk through . traffic across the street into a plaza : le , ( cont 'd ) you hear that Howard ? I ! a aerial Pov : Castle , tiny in the plaza , he voice booming . back on the step : week watch 's he nervously . he unpocket a casino chip and begin nervously . roll it across this knuckle . ' ° ext . alley behind tampa commodity exchange , - day Castle 's chevelle supersport pull into , the alley behind the commodity Exchange . Castle , look furtively leave and right , lift the cash bale from the dumpste dump it in he trunk , and roll off . a ext . hooker' point - bar / diner - day a run-down bar / diner down from the Rent Control aparkinent . int . hooker 's point bar / diner - day this be where joan work . she 's.a waitress , and she 's at the cash register break up paper nickel , dime and quarter sleeve , watch Castle from the corner of she eye . he 's at the end of the diner counter , alone , eat a plate of egg . 25 February 2003 { continued ) 57 . continued : the front door ding and Joan turn , she expression darken . . joan get out of here , Mike . mike , a hard - nose tattooe guy , sidle up to the cash register . he have the wild - eye look of a meth addict . mike iujust want a cup of coffee . coffee calm I down . they say that caffeine speed people up but I have . so much natural energy that what speed up a. normal person actually slow I down . and if you dontt have coffee , I could really usé somé cash , I could really use about * a couple hundred buck . '' joan Mike , go back to . rehab . Castle look up , disinterested . Joan , table 12 ; table 14 ! Joan , table 12 , table joan Mike , please . Joan go to the kitchen slot for . two pancake 's plate . ap the end of the counter - castle '' * " '' watch Joan deliver the pancake plate . he see Mike , alone at the register , dip he hand imto the cash slot . at the register Joan come back behind the counter . Mike be go . " her eye instinctively fall to the cash register . the cash be go . joan ( cont 'd ) shit . I can not afford this now , oh , God , no ... I can not handle this . she slump against the counter , hand to face . 25 February 2003 ( continued } 58 . continued : ( 2 ) cook Joan , c’‘mon !... table 14 ! '' joan here I be . right here . Joan compose herself and deliver the plate . she come back . Castle too be go , and he do not leave any money . joan ( cont 'd ) he do not pay . she return to . the register ... sitting there be six $ 100 bill . she pick they up , confuse , then turn as Castle 's chevelle roar past the entrance . and CUT - to : a local tampa new , " anchor in close - up : si newscaster 1 ( tv ) we top story , commuter awoke to ' something ow : wo accu ! weatherman could have never , predict -a hailstorm of ' old xash . .50 million dollar be throw 's off the 20th floor of the Tampa commodity Exchange this 's ' afterncon . . ext . tampa STREET - day window shopper crowd a pank of ts in a Radio shack window . footage show the a.m. money - chase in the downtown . ~ tv newscaster 2 ( tv ) authority believe be a collection point for illeg proceed , of which 15 mill¥on i i still unaccount . int . tampa deli - day deli patron crowd a counter tv . ' footage show Castle be take into Police custody . . tv newscaster 3 ( tv ) in a related story Francis Castle be take into custody at the scene in the shoot death of two man tie to the Saint crime syndicate . 25 February 2003 59 . ext . tampa construction site - day at a construction site 10 brick mason watch . . footage show Tampa Bay Chief of Police Chief Morris outside City Hall . tv newscaster 4 ( tv ) Castle be presume dead after he family 's gangland - style execution make national headline in June . int . spacker daven apartment - day Mr. bumpo 's glue to Dave 's bank of tvs , buzz-saw through 3 stack pepperoni pizza , as Dave scroll through 17 cross - index '' Yahoo '' search engine page . 7 local news anchor 1 ( tv ) source . now say that Castle be not a photojouznalist as report , but be participate in a Federal '' illegal arm myestigation . ... force . language ... mr . bumpo what 's Delta Force ? spacker dave . he 's like .... sergeant * rock. bigger . be there 's a rumble outside . Mr. bumgo go to the window . mr . bumpo it 's he . they go to the door . spacker Dave open it .a@ crack . they hear footstep ... clunk clunk clunk ... come up the stair . castle pass by the door . Mr. bumpo , strain to see , lean too heavily on spacker Dave and ... or int . rent control apartment hallway - day se ... they fall out into the floor . castle be down the corridor , menace , larger than life . spacker dave / mr . bumpo ~~ hi there ... -- how be ya , Frank . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 60 . continued : Castle turn and key open he apartment . he look back at they : he do not say anything . he go into the apartment . '' spacker dave you call he Frank . mr . bumpo that 's he name . spacker dave yeah , but . mr . bumpo but what ? he life here , do not he ? ae int , howard saint be " office ~ night Howard Saint sit behind he desk . John Saint , Leonard Glass and the other saintenforcer lurk in . shadow . '' howard saint how be he sti. alive ? I do not know I can not answer that , Leonard , I be not there . _ be he still alive ? that 's ' hiore interesting . maybe he 's still 's alivesbecause he be mean to suffer .. even more . Leonard Glass and John Saint be embarrass about this . howard saint '' ( cont 'd ) but we can not make he suffer if we can not find he . by now he 's in ae Witness Protection safe hou : with real guard . . JOHN saint we already find he . leonard glass Castle refuse Witness Protection and rent a apartment on hooker 's : Point . he drive a old chevelle . dial 411.and get he phone number . : . ( point ) he 's dare we . howard saint no . he miss he family and he want to die . he 's ask for help . 25 February 2003 { continued } 61 . continued : Howard Saint 's expression sour . ext . saint mansion -— night the toros walk to they lime - green cadillac as livia pull up in she car . nicky duka be waxing Howard Saint 's bentley . Mike toro blow livia a kiss and make a lewd gesture imitate fellatio . livia ! ( sarcastic ) I do not ' suck Cuban cock . 5 mike toro of course not . after the first three '' hundred , you lose the taste . Mike toro give . of the driveway : ; int . castle 's apartment + , night Castle sit stare 1 a whiskey glass . castleas hallucination y the same horrible flash dead . '' the other murder . [ x p back to scene Castle be drench in sweat , a hand clutching he forehead , the other clutching he glass so hard it he hear pounding on a door in the hallway = ; oe nigh ? _ int . rent control apartment hallway Mike - the scumbag addict from the diner - be pound on Joan 's door . he 's wild - eye , sweat , waste , on meth . mike ; c'mon joanie , do you think I would take . that money for myself ? oh , right , Mike be selfish , Mike only . think about himself , Mike never score for anybody else , Mike never share , no , no . and why should I share with you ? you hurt my feeling ! he kick at the door . 25 February 2003 {continued} 62 . continued : mike ( cont 'd ) eo want to talk to you about how you hurt my feeling ! int . joan' apartment - night Joan , terrify , clutching a knife , lean on the door . int . rent control apartment hallway - night spacker Dave and Mr. bumpo warily leave they apartment . vt spacker .dave uhni - dude ? it 's 3 a.m. a mike yeah , it 's : three a.m. here , but what time be it in Hawaii ? mr . bumpo : or stay . Joan ! let I in ! he kick . the door could give way . spacker dave I be gonna call the cop . Mike advance on spacker Dave . mike you be a cop , be not you ? you 'vé , be follow I . I want you to stop follow I . Dave , terrify , back up . Mike slap he upside the head . again , harder . again , even harder . and just whén 's Mike be about to unload on Dave with two big , clench fist .... castle Excuse I . 25 febmary 2003 ( continued ) 63 . continued : Mike turn . Castle , menace and back -lit , stand in the threshold of he loft apartment . _ castle ( cont 'd ) I be try to sleep . mire people think , oh , Mike , he can not do he . trick anymore , he do not have the , the , the , the speed anymore , cbut watch this . Castle do not : move . Mike advance on Castle , brandish a butterfly knife , make it dance in a impressive show of bladesmanship , which end when - crack - Castle ' 's fist flatten he nose . = mike ( cont 'd ) my nose ! . you broge my dose ! int . joan 's apartment night Joan listen as -- thwack , crunch , whamm - Castle beat Mike to pulp and kick he ass down the stair . then silence . . Joan exhales . she open . the door . int . rent control apartment hallway - night spacker Dave and bumpo , have : ju bt witness Castle kick serious ass , stand there with .. mouth '' agape . spacker dave nobody 's ever stick up for I before . . Mr. bumpo press a kerchief to Dave * S bloddy nose . mr . . bumpo let 's put some ice on that . they move into bumpo 's apartment . Castle 's along with Joan . they regard each other . Castle withdraw to he apartment . joan ie imet he ... it do not matter '' where I meet he . I make a mistake one night . I mean he 's pathetic now but a few year ago he be , anyway , now he 's my latest ex - ' boyfriend . 25 February 2003 {continued} 64 . continued : . castle keep it that way . Castle turn , begin 's to waik off . joan you be Castle . castle t-use to be . joan we see you.on tv . . castle I dori*t have one . the uhm metal , and bumpo 's the ... large guy ' @o not know how to we be really sorry . about what ? goan i you family . castle : do you know they ? | joan no . castle I be over it . Joan look beyond Castle - into he apartment ' and see the whiskey bottle and glass on he kitchen table . joan do not let you . memory kill you . castle ( he mean it one way , she will not understand the ether way ) they will not kill I . and he shut the door in she face . 25 February 2003 65 . int . castleas loft apartment -~ night Castle reenter , pour a shot , pick up the phone . ext . leonard glass 's apartment - night establish Leonard Glass 's opulent ocean-side duplex . int . leonard - glassn apartment - night Leonard Glass be sit by . he fireplace sip wine . the phone ring . he grab the receiver . intercut - castle / glass Castle use a voice distorter . castle meet I in the banana Republic in the oceanside , matl tomorrow at 7 p.m . give I $ 5000 , '' and I will give you photograph of '' you and you barber . come alone , .. there . be one point eight billion pedple on the internet . if you be hot , there , they ' 11 all have the picture by midnight . it 's you choice . click . Leonard Glass think a moment . he go to he wall safe and begin spin the dial . : int . saint mansion - night Howard Saint come through the house . John Saint be in the bar with a glass and bottle of scotch . sk howard saint where 's Leonard ? JOHN saint he call , say he will be here oe later . howard saint have you see you mother ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 66 . continued : JOHN saint ( consult wristwatch ) right about now she 's buy popcorn . howard saint . _ ( remember ) right , Monday . ext . downtown tampa movie theater - night livia Saint , follow she Monday routine , pull she mercede into the movie . theater where Castle photograph she during the montage , .. she ; emerge in a workout dance -skin , walk to the marquee ; pay for a ticket , and enter . Castle emerge ' txt shadow , unpockete carjack tool . int . livia saint 's S mer ede - night Castle enter and jack#nstart the ignition . he rummages through livia 's gynibag orm the passenger seat , find livia ' 's diamond earring '' ( ard 's birthday present ) , and a jade brooch . 4 ext . leonard glass ‘s aber f- night Castle pull livia 's mercede : 1 ip to Glass 's duplex . he park in a space mark '' handicapped 's , '' then get out and stroll down the sidewalk . it do not tdke '' long . screech . a : Tampa parking enforcement vehicle pull ’over . the parking guy get out , shaking he head , . write a° $ 100 ticket which he slap on : the mercede 's windshield . he drive off : Castle stroll back to the mercede ; grab the parking ticket , get in , re-ignition , and dqive #££ . int . banana republic -- night ba Leonard Glass wait beside a rack of underpant . a salesman approach . : salesman do not know you size ? leonard go fuck yourself . ext . downtown tampa movie theater - night Castle re-park the mercede exactly where livia leave it , get out , . and bleed into the shadow . 25 February 2003 67 . eat . tampa BAY - sunrise - day the sun burst over glisten Tampa Bay Harbor . ext . tampa INTERNATIONAL airport - day syndicate assassin eddie lau exit a taxi with a backpack and a bamboo kendo stick . . punk on STREET it 's Bruce fuckin’ Lee . '' ie , another punk nobody ' believe that one inch punch shit . Lau extend he fist into they sternum . they fly as if pull by wire ; into the garbage can . Lau walk off , pull from he pocket a photo of Castle . day ext . hooker 's point + a nondescript sedan ' move through Tampa 's industrial area . int . eddie lau' sedan -.day Eddie Lau scan the road ahead , pass the hooker 's Point bar / diner . he brake . castle chevelle supersport sit in the parking lot . e + , int . hooker 's point bar / diner . - Castle be in the corner alone , eat . he unzip he leather jacket , he twin .45 hide within . he 's wear just he son 's T-shirt . he go to the men' room , leave he jacket and gun . Joan ( in waitress outfit ) , and spacker Dave ( in | cook 's bib ) be with Mr. bumpo at a booth . bumpo 's work through the leave side of the breakfast@menu . a couple old guy , retire longshoremen etc . at table in the b.g . mr . bumpo oh my goodness , this blueberry pancake be good Dave . what 's he be do the last few day ? joan drink . a lot . mr . bumpo why do he drink ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 68 . continued : . spacker dave . why do you eat ? why do I spend all day in a video game ? because he 's a troubled man : a haunt man . a man whose very deed and responsibility be so..so.. so awesome he have to douse he central nervous system in alcohol . ( off they look ) or hesjust like to get hammer . ding . Eddie Lau = " one seary fucker - enter , glaring , case the place . bumpo bury he face in the menu . eddie lau the. chevelle outside . be the owner here ? 2 . — toan he 's get . gome cigarettes down coffee ? Joan , scared shitless , be ks to the kitchen while spacker Dave head for the Men 's room . '' spacker dave Mr. Castle , there 's a man , out there . 2 in a booth . the door a inch , peer out . Eddie Lau its castle ae Eddie Lau . > spacker dave he do not go to college with you , do he ? castle can I ask you to do something for I ? 25 February 2003 { continued} 69 . continued : - spacker . dave oh shit , I be go to say yes and wish I have not . int . hooker' point bar / diner - day Minutes later . . spacker Dave put Eddie Lau 's steaming hot omelet on the counter and Joan walk it over to Eddie Lau . he begin eat , eye train on the entrance . he stop . for eddie lau this be .... garbage ! castle how ; would you know ? Castle stands° in the Men 's room threshold . Eddie . Lau slowly get up , fingerg S clutching he kendo stick . Castle grab a mop in a bucket ' in the doorway and snap the handle . castle ( cont 'd ) they pay 's you t@ kill I . so kill I . gure the angle , advance on Eddie Lau , eye darting , patron clear the hell out . Castle . Mr. bumpo and oh my goodness ! Joan and spacker Dave crouch behind the counter . int . / ext . hooker 's point bar / diner - fight , sequence - day the fight begin , escalate into astwmn , desperate , fight to the death , with state - of - thé -art ' kendo choreograph . by the best , design to exhibit Castle 's martial art skill learn in Delta Force . be -- they square off in the diner . across the. cable . ~- they crash through the window onto the street . ' pedestrian scatter . ~~ Eddie Lau be too much for Castle and systematically beat he to near death , leave Castle semi-conscious ' in the street . Eddie Lau draw he kendo sword from its bamboo case and hold it , poise , over Castle 's head . Castle fumble , draw a blade , just 3 inch , more like a prison - make shiv than a dangerous weapon . it look wimpy , ineffectual in Castle 's hand , almost laughable . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 70 . continued ; Eddie Lau smile at Castle 's blade and raise the sword to bring down on ' Castle 's neck . Castle press the handle of he blade . it shoot like a bullet ( we now see it 's springloaded ) from the handle . and embed in Eddie Lau 's neck . Eddie Lau stand freeze , confuse , disbely he own predicament . blood gurgle up . Eddie Lau pitch over dead . Castle , panting , stand over Lau 's corpse in the street , watch by pedestrian and looky - loos . - Joan , spacker Dave , and Mr. bumpo , stunne , slowly emerge from the bar / diner , regard Castle in awe . a tbpd police cruiser and a tv news van arrive qn the scene . - the cruiser sureech to a stop . tbpd officer get. out , gun draw . Castle throw .up he hand , surrender . not spacker dave ( awed whisper ) whoah . - ineo to James Dean in '' rebel . '' spacker Dave 'is like $ a he 's get a new herov > int . downtown tampa federal lock - up - day a Tampa p.d. Officer escort castle in restraint up to the book desk . oe book ' officer 's charge ? cop '' . felony possession of a class 3 ) fy weapon . . ee book officer oe a block . oconsult watch ) next bail hearing 's 8 a.m . castle De I get a phone call int . federal lock - up - day ye Castle 's allow into a-room with a table and four phone . the door shut , leave he in privacy . he dial . int . IRS office -- day Ring Ring . a IRS agent answer . the cali connect . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 71 . continued : IRS agent '' Internal Revenue , banking division . ' castle if you want to . know how Howard Saint transport illegal cash to the Cayman Islands , grab a pencil anda notepad ... the IRS agent hurriedly do so . ext . tampa harbor - mullet key - night later that night : , the sun set over mullet Key , a small atoll at the mouth of Tampa Bay Harbor . oil tanker pass in the distance . two. cigarette boat , engine idling , move into a dense mangrove '' thicket . John Saint emerge . joun saint ( spanish ) '' mas rapide . : they begin to off - iad bale of money . suddenly floodlight hit they . a : coast guard ! cutter round the shore . the IRS agent ison board . . coast guard . cutter this be the United States Coast Guard . put you .. hand the air ! coast guardsmen come down the. each in body armor . John Saint and the other be put undét arrest . a coastquardsman pull the lid off .a water -seal ' compartment in the cigarette boat . it 's fill with bale of $ 100 bill : . int . howard saint 's office - night : Leonard Glass enter flushed and agitate . leonard glass John be arrest . someone tip off the Coast Guard . the cash be impound , howard saint Castle . he heave he glass against the wall . int . downtown tampa - central lock - up ~ night John Saint be escort by Federal Agents into the lock-up . they pag a row of communal cell . a agent key one open . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 72 . continued : John Saint enter . they shut the cell door and exit . John Saint walk around the cell . he stop . someone be watch he . '' in the adjacent cell . Castle sit there . John Saint , smolder with rage , give Castle the eye . castle you ' think you be safe in here ? no answer . . JOHN saint . you have no idea what you be up against . you think we do not have you . cover from . every angle ? you think we do not own the people we need to own ? no answer . . jobn.. saint ( cont 'd ) you be go oo die very slowly , you be go 's to see yourself as you be cut apart ! you will cry for the end , but we win " € " give it to you . that 's right . we - will not give it to you . we will not oe you anything . finally . castle you know something , John ? the punishment for be you be be you . bs a book officer come to the cell . . . book officer ' castle , bail hearing , five minute . ext . ybor CITY - '' EL toro '' nightclub - night a limousine pull up to the tore 's nightclub . Howard : Saint and Leonard Glass get out . Mike and Joe toro come out . they stand there gloat and threaten . mike toro have you hear the news ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 73 . continued : joe toro a shipment of cash be seize on mullet 's Key . whose money be it ? mike toro we mother always put she cash in the mattress , which I think be a good idea until the house burn down . it be a big fire . she lose everything . that 's what happen when you do not watch you money . you lose everything . everything . howard saint fourteen out of fifteen shipment be .. perfect , be fuck perfect , and " you 'ré. mad at I because one go bad , and because you be mad you want to scare I ? a lot of that money be mine , you can not get insurance fdr what we do : so I be not go : to cover you : fuck loss , and * try to get they from I , I have get more gun . the Saints and Leonard Glass in they limousine . int . limousine - night leonard I who do they think they be ? howard saint . you think they 's be wrong ? you " think if we be in they position , we : a be forgive ? . ( flushed with rage ) g - do not give they . another reason . '' you a know what I want . whatever it cost , whatever it take . call the Russian . . int . tampa federal build - FBI basement garage ™- day the garage / motor pool in the Federal Building 's basement . week exit the elevator and walk to he chevy caprice . he stop short . Castle be sit on the hood of week ' chevy . week Frank ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 74 . continued : castle I see a psychiatrist . '' week you ? castle he say I would never get over my grief by kill people . week you really see a psychiatrist ? 3 castle a very ' wise man . week be play fth the toro casino chip . Frank see it . he say , if you want to find peace , you will not find . it in , Tampa . so I be go . week where ? castle I can not say . week you can teli I . castle a T will send you a postcard . so ; - goodbye . not a military hug . _ week . ae you be the best . Castle walk away and then turm back . on castle ( look at week 's car ) what happen to the jaguar , Jimmy ? you love that car . 25 February 2003 { continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) . week well , you know , I want to buy american . castle there should be more people like you . week I be go to miss you . castle I too . Castle give week car another look and bleed off into the shadow . week : watch he . ext . '' downtown tampa - , amtrak depot - day . train , all look at someone . syndicate assassin ussian finally disembark . 7 / 5 '' , 450 pound , with slim waist , a’scar run the length of he head , and a spider web tattoo on he leave shoulder . he 's the scariest person who 's '' ever live . Morning commuter '' @xl of int . castleas loft apartment — '' day Castle sit shirtless , state - at a wallet photo of himself , amanda and week take year * befote + , creaking floorboard be hear outside in the corrido astle assemble he .45 , load a clip , level the gun , wa : . a knock . Castle slowly approach the door . :: he look through the id fish~eye . satisfied , he step back and open the door . Joan stand there . joan it 's Thanksgiving . af castle so ? joan you be have dinner with we . . Joan look at he kitchen table . where most pecbte have sait shaker and place mat - he have rag , gun solvent , bullet . joan ( cont 'd ) would you clear the table ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 76 . continued : , castle I ... '' mr. bumpo you be not have Thanksgiving alone . and Mr. bumpo ; follow by spacker Dave come into Castle 's loft wheeling 'a tv stand with a turkey , and all the trimming . Joan and the guy start move gun , knife and bullet out of the way as though they be toy . ext , castle' apartment - day later . they have eat . Castle have not touch he , food . 3 joan it 's Thanksgiving , and I want to say that . l’feel thankful to be alive this y '' and to be sober . . packer dave uhhh , I be thankful for ... this girl who give I '' she number , '' tem thankful that , mymom , . get out of jail , I be thankful , that . I be alive . mr . bumpo see . I be thankful for for let I lose ' ten 's pound . thanks for diet Doctor 's pepper . ' thanks for all of you . they look to Frank . castle thanks for dinner . ae he get up and walk to the far corner of the loft . Joan follow he . : joan say you kill they all . then what ? Castle go to the window . look out on the slaG '' heaps . joan ( cont 'd ) will you memory . go away ? odraw closer , uncertainly ) you can create new memory . good ( more ) 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 77 . continued : joan ( cont ’d ) one . good memory can save you life . oo Joan move closer . she could kiss he . he could kiss she . but he do not . and she know he will not . and she want he to . castle I be not what you be look for . ext . downtowntampa ~ nat 'l bank of florida - day Castle park outside the bank . enter with briefcase . int . downtown tampa - nat 'l bank of florida = day : Castle sit across from a pretty , efficient trust officer . ° '' trust officer a benéficial trust , Mr. Castle , be usually set up by the client 's lawyer . I will do it mysélr her eye dart to the gampa Daily News show photo of Castle and he latest caznage . '' trust officer . that 's a lot of paper xr castle if you do not have the time , I will go to another bank . a trust officer no , no , no . let I just get the. preliminary information . trustee , amount , and which beneficiary ? castle ( hand she paper ) it 's all in here . trustees , amount , beneficiary . families victimize by violent crime . trust officer ( vead paper , skeptical ) ten million dollar ? how will the fund be transfer ? castle like this . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 78 . continued : Castle open he briefcase on ‘her desk . the trust Officer stare in disbelief at the cash . '' voice ( 0:s. ) everyone on the ground ! now ! Castle turn . Three bank robber stand in the lobby , training shotgun on the Guards and teller . robber 1 take a Security Guard 's gun and hold out a canvas bag . robber 1 wallet and jewelry in the bag ! robber 2 jump '' the counter and rifle the teller drawer as robber 1 and 3 collect wallet and jewelry . . a older woman | be . ' slow in open she purse . robber 3 pistol whip she . shesfalls , bleed from the temple . robber 3 viciously yank 's the purse from she and begin rifling . cast E ( o.s. ) that take 's a lot ? of courage . robber 3 whirl , stare astle . castle , ( cont 'd ) hitting old la '. what 's you encore ? there 's will year - old over . there . robber 3 level he gun at castl 's head . Castle yawn . the tension grow . Castle draw he gun and shoot robbexii3 | ' in the head , turn and shoot robber 1 through the chest , blow he through the bank 's window . robber 2 hurdle the ‘teller 's counter with he cash - stuff duffle bag and sprint for the exit . Castle fire , hit he in the leg , knock he off he foot , cause he to fall through the glass revolve door . Castle walk up to he ; he 's grimace in a poo ? of blood . robber 1 3 lucky shot . . 2 , castle I be aim for you head . police siren wail in the b.g.. 25 February 2003 79 . int . tampa federal courthouse '- day U.S. magistrate harry mccall stare at we . U.S. magistrate harry mccall have issue the license to Mr. Castle during he employment in various Federal agency , the government may revoke the license .at its discretion . be this the ' government 's recommendation ? Castle stand before the bench , flanke by Tampa Chief of Police Morris , week and U.S. Attorney Marc flynn. op U.S. attorney marc flynn tte be , yor honor . * . U.S. magistrate harry mccall Mr. castke as. conceal , firearym . be revoke . Mr. Castle , be urrently carry a conceal bene casei : yes you honof : U.S. magistrate please relinquishyit to : the bailiff , who will cause it to be deliver to you place of residence . so order 's . Castle pull out 5 handgun from various jolster . this make a impression . ext , tampa courthouse - day ok Castle come down the step . Police chi £ Morris and week follow . . police chief morris I say to myself , all right , one self ~ defense kill , it happen . but wherever you go , people die . I might as well invite the plague . get out of my city , Castle . Police Chief Morris stalk off . Castle get in he chevelle and burn rubber . week watch he , nervously pull out he casino chip and roll it across he knuckle . 25 February 2003 80 . ext . tampa -- hooker 's point road - day Castle 's chevelle cross the bridge from Tampa 's glitter downtown into hooker 's Point . int . castle' chevelle - day Castle look up in the rear view mirror . a ' 98 bonneville roll out from an alley , fall in behind . ext . tampa - old harbor drawbridge - day Castle 's chevellé roll up to the Old Harbor drawbridge lead to the hooker 's Point industrial wasteland . a garbage scow pass beneath . int . castle 's camedle - day slam ... the ' bonneville 's ' rear-end Castle , box he against the raise bridge . Castle can see the Russian get out with a AK - 47 . he instinetively reach for he shoulder holster but he 's guris’ be go . Castle grip steel levér above he head and above the side window , collapse : the sprint oad steel panel he weld in , create a impenetrable i cage around he . ext . tampa ~ old harbor drawbridge - day '' the Russian empty the assault ¥ifle into the chevelle 's side window and windshield , blow out the glass , but not penetrate the protective steel panel . the drawbridge lower . Castle peel out ) the Russian curse , change clip , afd get - in he bonneville . he burn out over the bridge . ext . hooker 's point - industrial , park road - day the bonneville chase the chevelle into hooker 's 's Point . they pass slag heaps and decrepit factory . int . the russian 's bonneville - day the Russian fire a custom .50 sub -machine gun int . castle 's chevelle - day Castle throw the wheel , steering into a alley , watch the bonneville follow in he side mirror . smash ... Castle recoil and spit glass as a round blow off the mirror . 25 February 2003 81 . ext . hooker' point - alley beside factory ~- day the chevelle and bonmeville roar past at 80 mph . ahead , a 30 foot-high stack of cement bag obstruct the alley . enough room ? maybe . the chevelle blow past , slamm and jostling the cement . the bonneville follow -~ -- the cement collapse on the bonneville . the bonneville , tire churn through the cement , make it through . ext . rent control apartment - day spacker Dave 's . hang out on the. stoop read , '' hitman '' . Joan 's plant more flower . __spacker dave ( sniff ) " mmm . bumpo 's fryin’ chicken . . int . mr. bumpo /s-apartment - day for S sing to '' rigoletto '' blaring Mr. bumpo , in chef 's hat ol be boil on the stove . ona turntable . a vat of day ext . rent control apartment : there 's a roar of engine Joan and Dave look up . castlen chevelle screech around ' the corner , bullet pinging off it . the Russian 's baaneville , dust white with cement , follow . the Russian park , get out , shoulder a anti - tank rocket launcher . he aim and fire ~~ ext . rent control apartment - day -- as Castle sprint from the chevel té , dive on top of spacker Dave and Joan , protect they , as the rocket grenade blows apart a abandon car . int . mr. bumpo' apartment - day bumpo pour wine , sing '' rigoletto '' at the foe of he lung , oblivious to the explosion . . ext . rent control apartment - day Castle shove Joan and spacker Dave into the lobby as the Russian , advance , fire he handgun . 25 February 2003 82. int . rent control apartment lobby - day Castle 's hit in the -leg and shoulder . he continue up the staircase with Joan and Dave . int . rent control apartment hallway - day spacker Dave and Joan 's duck into they apartment . castle when the shoot stop , count to a hundred before you come out . Castle stagger own the hallway drip blood ! ext . rent contro : artment - day the Russian ente ' S , see Castle 's blood trail . int . rent control apariment hallway - day the Russian come awn thé corridor , pass the other apartment , follow castie 's 's blood trail . he approach the end of the corridé# . ' the door to Castle 's apartment have be leave invitingly aj - int . castle loft apartment the Russian enter . ' stop . astie , , unarm , stand in he bedroom smile . és castle they pay you to kill I . so kill the Russian unload into Castle . Castle do not look shot , rather '' shattered . '' the Russian just shet a mirror position at a 45 degree angle inside castie 's bedroam , int . castle loft apartment - bedroom / bathroom - day the Russian enter furiously . a crowbar slam down on he head . the Russian turn . the crow bar be in Castle : 's hand , cocked baseball - style . the Russian smile . : the russian ah ... baseball ! I like baseball . the Russian swipe Castle 's crowbar and swing it like a bat into Castle 's chest . Castle , hold he rib , stagger backward into the bathroom . Castle grab a grenade from the sink , toss it out , and slam the bathroom door . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 83 . . continued : the Russian disdainfully bat the grenade out the window -- ext . rent control apartment - day -' it land on the bonneville 's front seat and explode . int . castle 's apartment - day the Russian pull Castle out of the bathroom and hurl he across the . bedroom . the Russian bend down and with very little effort , uproot Castle 's toilet from the floor . Castle charge the Russian as he swing the toilet , knock Castle through the wall into -- the live room * where Castle groggily : the Russian hurl th toilet through the hole in the wall . Castle roll away as porcelain shatter inch from he head . the Russian charge : int e live room . Castle pulis he spring - load knife from he boot . - the Russian hoist Castle likdé=a feather as Castle thrust the knife into the Russian 's shoulder . it have the effect of a mosquito bite . the russi pull the knife from he the kitchen Castle slam against the fridge '' and crumple . his head 's spin and he 's try to orient himself this be a fight he cannot win and he know it . the russiari grab Castle and slam he head against the refrigeratom - door repeatedly . 280 , the russian : how do you say in . America : just chill . : Castle reach back for a bottle of bleach '' he spray the Russian 's eye , blind he , and grab the revolver , tape under the kitchen table . the Russian recover and . swipe the gun from Castle 's hand , bend it like putty . not ext . rent control apartment hallway - day Castle hurtle through the air into the hallway : the Russian advance , again enjoy this . 25 February 2003 84 . int . mr. bumpo 's apartment - day Mr. bumpo , still bellow opera , prepare to sink a basket of chicken wing in the boil vat of vegetable oil . ext . rent control apartment hallway - day Castle thud against bumpo 's door . we hear opera within . the Russian grab a FIRE ax off the wall and charge Castle , who duck . int . mr. bumpo 's apartment ~-day the Russian explode through the door . and thunder inside . Mr. bumpo " 's gut quiver as the fight continue , the action now cut to verdi 's '' rigoletto . '' the Russian slam Castle onto the cut , table next to the stove where bumpo 's vat of vegetable oil boil . Castle grab the vat and heave it in the Russian 's face . the effect be like napalm . the Russian yelp , turn into camera as the boilitig oik / ' sear the flesh from he face . the russian arggggghhhhh the Russian wheel away . Castle charge , slamm both through the doorway -- int . rent control apartment hallway - day ~- into the hallway where they momentum take they to the top of the staircase . there 's a moment of , terrify recognition as the Russian know he 's fall . int . rent control apartment lobby -' day 2 % down the stair they fall ... whump whump whump over the stair ... careen and slamm into thexlobby - wall at the base of the stair . Castle land atop the Russian with the loud , sicken SNAP of neck bone break . int . rent control apartment hallway - day spacker Dave and Joan emerge from they apartment and cautiously approach Castle at the top of the stair . they look down in shock . spacker dave Holy shit , virtual reality in reality . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 85 . continued : mr . bumpo '' Mr. castle ? Frank ? in the lobby below ~° castle roll off the Russian . look up at bumpo and spacker Dave . : castle itm *fine . I be fine . ( look at the Russian ) he 's not . the Russian 's head be hideously twisted , face , backwards . in the hallway above ~ castle drip blood , stagger up the stair to he apartment . Joan and Dave follow . : int . castle 's. apartment ~ day Castle sit at he kitchen table , exhaust , a pool of blood form at he foot . hee ' slide off the chair to he knee . joan . we have get to get he to a hospital . castle . . . no. no hospital . no police . joan you need a doctor . spacker dave I know what he want . spacker Dave return with the first ~ Aid and a sth of Jack Daniels . Castle grab the whiskey and guzzle it like gatorade . . Joan open the first~ - Aid kit , remove scissors , and cut away Castle 's pantleg - . spacker dave ( cont 'd ) gee , you know what you nre do . mr . bumpo waitress , cook , nurse . joan I be net good with much , but I be good with a needle . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 86 . continued : she pour iodine on Castle 's wound . he wince and downs more 's whiskey . . '' joan ( cont 'd ) {to Castle ) this will hurt . Joan dig out hollow - point fragment from Castle 's thigh and begin sewing the wound . Castle 's eyelid flutter , he lose consciousness . . spacker dave be he 's go to die ? he look weak . ( Castle grip spacker Dave 's arm , nearly break it ) appearance .are not everything . uhm Mr. Castle , you can let go now . they hear car outside ./° Mr. bumpo enter frantically . . . ' oo do everyone : - with gun in Tampa have this address : ext . rent control apartment '' " ' day John Saint , Leonard Glass , and . ' enforcer lincoln and cutter get out of they 's vehicle next to® '' the burn bonneville . leonard glass , : this time we see he body . int . castleas loft apartment - day , spacker dave we have to move he . ; a . mr. bumpo where ? there 's no place to go ! spacker Dave - cease for all time to bea loser - xise to the occasion . : wes spacker dave sure there be . int . rent control apartment - lobby - day John Saint , Leonard Glass , and enforcer lincoln and cutter enter . they stare at the Russian 's corpse on the floor . they start up the stair . 25 February 2003 87 . int . spacker - dave' apartment '- day spacker Dave and Mr. bumpo drag Castle into Dave 's apartment , to the window , and hoist Castle into Dave 's catwalk cart . spacker Dave get on the cart 's edge . Joan give the cart a push . ext . catwalk . outside spacker dave 's apartment - day the cart , bear spacker Dave and the unconscious Castle , roll across the catwalk to the adjacent rooftop . int . spacker dave' apartment - day spacker Dave roll back , climb in the window , and shoos off Mr. bumpo and . Joan . : spacker dave . get outta here ! do not answer the deor ! int . rent control apartment hallway - day Mr. bumpo and Joan exit Dave 's apartment and enter they own as Leonard Glass , John ' Saint , lincoln and cutter come up the stair , follow castlé 's blood trail . int . . castleas loft apartment :..= " day Leonard Glass , John Saint , lincoin and cutter enter . they look around . it 's desert . they go back into the hallway . int . mr. bumpo' apartment - day Mr. bumpo lie on he bed , sweat ; terrify , stare at the ceiling . he hear the Saint 's footstep . outside . mr . bumpo boo - oh my goodness oh my goodness ... int . spacker dave 's apartment - day spacker Dave hear Saint ' 's footstep outside S they stop outside he apartment . he peer in he peep hole as . -- crash .... John Saint kick Dave 's door down . Dave - fall back on he ass . John Saint enter , hover over Dave . int . joan' apartment - day crash .... lincoln kick Joan ' 's door down . Joan 's cower in the corner . lincoln and cutter advance . 25 February 2003 88 . int . bumpo 's - apartment - day crash .... Leonard Glass kick bumpo 's door down . bumpo look like he 's go to have a coronary as Glass advance . int . rent control apartment hallway - day Leonard Glass , John Saint , lincoln , and cutter corral spacker Dave , Joan , and . bumpo into Castle 's apartment . int . castle' apartment - day Joan and bumpo sit bound on the couch . Leonard Glass stare menacingly at spacker Dave . ce JOHN saint Castle .. where be he ? . spacker dave non ~ not here . leonard glass really ? be x ju sure ? spacke ! dave well , I do not ' actually . . - I mean ... ( stiffen ) '' os # I be not say sh leonard ' glas ! : we do not want shit , we ; ' want answer . lincoln and cutter sit Dave in a chair and : bind he hand . Leonard Glass take a pair of plier from Castle 's toolbox and stand over Dave , clamping the ptfer on . he nose ring . Glass gently tug the ring . Dave 's heart pound . : leonard glass ( cont 'd ) we ask you a question . ( no response ; to Joan / bumpo ) you friend be about to have a very bad day . you can save he . if you talk . spacker Dave glare at Joan / bumpo , with the tiniest , almost imperceptible head ~ shake indicate : '' do not say a word . '' leonard glass ( cont 'd ) it do not have to be this way . 25 February 2003 89 . ext . rent control apartment - day we hear spacker Dave 's horrible scream inside . ext . hallway outside castleas apartment ~ day Glass , John Saint , and lincoln exit Castle 's apartment , Leonard Glass handkerchief he bloody palm . z leonard glass te they . know , one would have talk , : JOHN saint ( to enforcer cutter ) if and when Castle show up , just shoot . him . Leonard Glass , sohn , Saint , and lincoln exit , John Saint place a call on ‘his céll phone . " jo ! int ( cont 'd ) he 's still alive . a int ... howard saint 's office click . . Howard Saint put '' down , the phone . livia Saint pass the office carry she work mut 's bag livia saint | bye . * howard saint where be you go ? livia saint it 's Monday honey . : howard saint right . Love you . dissolve to : ext . rooftop adjacent to spacker dave 's - night ! the sun 's go down . Castle stir . he roll off : the cart and orient himself . stands . look around , groggily . 25 February 2003 30 . int . spacker : dave 's apartment - night Castle pull himself across the catwalk and climb through Dave 's apartment window . no one 's around . Castle exit , grab Dave 's large , gothic , dagger ~ - style letter opener . int . rent control apartment hallway - night Castle come down the hallway . no one here either . he approach he apartment . the door be open . int . castle 's S apartment -~ night Castle enter , sheing Joan on the couch . she head signal '' over there '' and Castle spin as a toilet flush in the b.g . and the bathroom door open . cutter emerge . he see Castle and bring up he " gun .... thwick . . Castle ' throw the .. dagg r/ letter opener , pierce cutter between the eye . . he pi 's over backwards , dead . Castle turn . spacker , dave ? face angle into the shadow , sit restrain in the chair . .. , on a table be Dave 's ear and lip ring - 30. of. they - rip : ' from Dave 's face . mr . bumpo oh , look what they ! didvto ' , , you . Dave turn enough for Castle to make out the horror , and for Castle it 's all too reminiscent of the horror the Saints bring upon he family in Puerto Rico . spacker dave = uth : they try to make I talk . I give ‘em nothing . . castle you do not know I . you do not owe I '' anything . I have bring you , all of you , nothing but trouble . why be you ready to die for I ? spacker dave because you be one of we . because you be family . Castle grab a knife from the kitchen table and cut off bumpo 's and Joan 's restraint , then hand the knife to bumpo , who begin cut spacker Dave free . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 91 . continued : castle take he to a hospital . bumpo , support spacker Dave , stagger out , leave Joan . Castle cross the room to a large trunk in the corner . Joan put a hand on he arm . : castle ( cont * D ) _ you be a nice person . you have be through , a lot . I remember people like you . good people who make a bad.turn , and could only find part . of the way back . I know what you feel about I . someone else will feelothat way about you , and then you " 1 llbe’ home . : : joan be you : ' goingto die today ? he do not answer . *! joan ( cont 'd ) be that what you * want ? he do not answer . int . saint estate - howard '' ainty s.office - night the house be dark . John saint. sit in the shadow . howard saint we know he address . we will bi there . meet at the club 's shim John Saint nod , exit . Howard Saint grab a huge . stack of daily mail and begin go through it . ' int . castle' loft apartment ~ night the room be dark . a single candle burn . Castle have field - dress he gunshot . wound . he open a trunk . Inside be fatigue and airborne Ranger jump '' boot . Castle click on a small tape recorder and don his gear , speak slowly and deliberately , stare at a small frame photo of amanda and will Castle . castle '' sic vis pacem para bellum . '' every dawn the boot camp sergeant make we ( morei 25 February 2003 { continued } 92. continued : castle ( cont 'd ) recite it like a prayer . sic vis pacem , para bellum . ~ Castle paint he face with black tiger stripe . he don the torso weapon mount we see he make earlier . - castle ( cont 'd ) i. leave this as a declaration of intent so no one will be confuse . '' one '' , Castle be dead . he die with he family . int . rent control apartment hallway ~ night Joan listen : to Castle outside he apartment . a tear fall from she eye across she cheek . int . castleas loft apartment - night Castle arm up he bandoleer . he load m - 60 clip with ammunition , clip : grenade to he belt , and put claymore mine in a shoulder bag . '' he remove high - tensile arrow from @ quiver and attaches smail C - 4 charge to each shaft . . castle . two : when the , jaw do not act even when it have identify the guilty , it be necessary to act outside the law , ..to shame its inadequacy , to. pursue a natural justice . this be not vengeance . revenge be not a validjmotive , it 's an. emotional response . no , not vengeance . punishment . " sic vi pacem , para . bellum . " cree Castle slide on he kevlar vest , mis : pump , the fiercest motherfucker to walk the planet , the angel o£ dedth , he kevlar vest hand ~ paint with the skule logo . castle ( cont 'd ) if you want peace , prepare for war . castie click off the tape recorder , kiss the photograph of he wife and son , and move off . + Mo ext . rent control apartment hallway - night Castle exit he apartment , a terrifying one - man arsenal , ready to explode , look right through Joan , and head off down the hallway . Joan bury she face in she hand . 25 February 2003 93 . ext . downtown tampa movie theater - night livia Saint , in her Monday routine , pull she mercede into the movie theater lot , get out in she dance-skin , walk to the marquee , pay for a ticket , and enter . the mercede 's door open . Castle enter and rummages livia 's gym bag , fishing out livia 's earring , the jade brooch , and the bottle of : perfume he buy for $ 200 . he click livia 's car phone . int . leonard glass 's apartment - bathroom - night the phone ring . .. the floor be litter with bloody clothes . Leonard Glass climb from the shower , grab the phone . 3g leonard glass Glass . 's . hello , lenny 's I be there with the money . Glass stare at the recéfver inthis hand . remains calm : castle .( v.0 . ) $ 10,000 , pier 64 , : leonard glass you say it be five thousand . castle ( v.0 . masked .-¥ oice ) that be then , this be no click . Leonard Glass stare at the phone , . '' cH nking . he come to a decision , pull he handgun 's '' ero vhis holster , check the clip , and begin dress . we oe int . livia saint 's mercede - night Castle place another call on livia 's car phone . * " int . howard saintn office - night the phone ring . Howard Saint , go through mail , answer . howard saint Saint . : { coneended ) back to scene 94 . continued : castle ( v.o. masked voice ) have you read today 's mail ? '' howard saint ( grab stack of mail on desk ) who be this ? castle ( v.o. masked voice ) do you know where you wife go every Monday Mr. Saint ? not the movie . " tell she to park more carefully . click . Howard Saint rifle through he mail , rip open a letter from tampa BAY department of motor vehicle . his eye flash across the notice of parking violation . . howard saint Monday . '' 9:14 p.m. East Coast drive . 5 Howard stare at the pa : jag ticket , he face clouding . howard 's saint - livia ? scee ext . leonard glass apartment tilt down from a street sign - East Coast drive - to Leonard Glass pull out of he garage . moment pass . Castle enter the rear alley and start up glas '' fire escape . int . leonard glass 's apartment ~ war Castle climb in through a window . int . leonard glass 's bedroom ~ night Castle enter the bedroom , unpockete one of livia 's earring , the brooch , and the perfume he buy ... he place the earring and brooch on Glass 's night stand and spray a shot of perfume in the bed sheet and pillow . ext . tampa BAY wharf - pier 64 - night tilt down from a sign '' pier 64 '' to Leonard Glass stand impatiently on the dock . no one show again . he get in he car and leave . 25 February 2003 9s . ext . leonard glass' apartment - night Howard Saint pull he bentley up to Leonard Glass 's apartment . he quietly get out and approach . it 's dark inside . Howard Saint pull out a key ring - he 's get a key to Glass 's place - and unlock the door . int . leonard glass 's apartment - night Howard Saint enter , look around , move toward the bedroom , inspect , scrutinize . ext . leonard glass' apartment - night , in the alley , Castle watch Howard Saint 's silhouette behind blind inside Glass 's apartment , then move off . int . leonard glass 's apartment - night Howard Saint continue . look around . there 's nothing unusual or suspicious . '' we see photo on the wall : Leonard Glass with John Saint and / various Saint enforcer . suddenly he catch a '' iff. of something . int . leonard glassn bedroom '' = ' night Howard Saint enter , flick . a the light . sniff , he approach the bed . he look S down at the night stand . livia 's earring and brooch sit . there . he smell a pillow . he recoil as if punch in the sternum , the one thing he could count on dash . his faithful wife and 's he best friend . Fucking under he nose . the , cuckold fool . Howard Saint hear the apartment 's front door OPEN , then shut . he draw from a sheath in he jacket ; a glint 10 inch knife . ' i int . leonard glass 's apartment - night Leonard Glass , return , hang up he coat . howard saint even Leonard . Leonard Glass jump . Howard Saint enter the live room . the knife in he hand . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 36 . continued : understandably Glass be confuse . leonard glass Howard ? what be you do here ? howard saint Jim bowie . . leonard glass Excuse I ? howard saint Jim bowie the riverboat gambler , who die at the alamo . when a man accuse he of cheating they go ashore to a whore house , throw the furniture out and stick a knife - like ithis in the floor . whoever walk out 's get the money . saint - ( look around ) . we only problem ? foo much furniture . . '' . leonard glas ; = Howard I be not followiftg this ...? howard saint I be accuse you . leonard glass of what ? . howard saint cheate . leonard glass I nve never take a cent from you . howard saint ( laugh ) where be she ? leonard glass who ? 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) . howard saint the whore . ' leonard glass I do not know what you be talk about . Howard Saint throw the knife thwip into the hardwood floor . howard saint you ’‘re good . you might have have a stage career . maybe in the next life . take the knife , Leonard , or twill . 5 __ glass I be not-touch it . {howard Saint take the knife ) _ this be not 's funny . ( Howard - Saint lunge , slashing gkass 's forearm ) Howard . .. what ? howard : saint how long have you wérke for I ? do you think I be an. idiot ? Saint viciously strike Glass ; break he nose , and ram he against the wall . Glass , . tefrifiie now , fight back . he shove Howard Saint back , strike he . leonard glass have you lose you mind ?! howard saint '' sm , you be my brother . I give you everything . denied you nothing . ( charge ; they clinch , . they head two inch apart ) it be not enough . Howard Saint bear down ; Glass try to block the blade . howard saint ( cont 'd ) my livia ? Howard Saint be more powerful . the blade touch Glass 's chest , break skin . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 98 . continued : { 3 ) leonard glass livia ? what do she tell you ...? ( blade enter chest ; he gasp ) do not do this ... do not ...! ( blade go deeper ) Howard , why do you ( deeper ) ..:k kili I ? {to the hilt ; he cough ( wheeze ) why ? Glass 's body jerk ; he die open -ey . Howard Saint step back . Glass ' drop " with a thud to the floor . ext . week 's apartment build - night a dumpy apartment under the Expressway . week get out of he car , go to he '' apartment . . int . week 's apartment week enter ; lay he 1 the live room . castle how 's work ? week ; startle , turn . castlé * pick up week 's revolver . week page we say goodbye . why be '' you point a gun at I ? . . castle oh ... Jesus , I do not even ... you know , it 's force of habit . it 's how I ' say hi to everyone this day . but he do not put it down . . : ee week * do you want a drink ? castle you do . 25 February 2003 ( cont ed ) 99 . continued : . week slug back whiskey ; try to compose himself . out comé the casino chip . he start knuckle - roll it . '' castle ( cont 'd ) what happen to you jaguar , Jimmy ? week I tell you , buy american . castle you have anfish boat outside . it be build thirty - five mile down the coast .. that 's not american enough : for you ? - yp ooweek you , know what they say about . own a boat ? no , I dot the two happiest be . the day you you sell it . : ay of you life yoit , and the day castle '' I never hear that . do™ they say that about tvs and stereo ? week I have a lot of my money in high» tech stock and my broker kepe say to I , do not sell , '' do not 4 sell . I be a old soldier and - to follow order . now I be break . 's castle and you tv ... and you stereo ... week knuckle roll the casino chip faster . castle ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to gamble . the chip fly out of week ' hand and roll across the floor . Castle pick it up . 25 February 2003 100 . insert ~ the casino chip it be emboss with toro and the bull emblem . week I have learn a lot about gambling . it 's like alcoholism , it 's a disease , but before I could cure myself I have to hit bottom . T hit bottom , . castle and , you lose everything ? week the -car be . a dream , and I miss the boat every day . but I give that problem over to my Higher power . '' castle that explain i . then . week : explain what ? Castle lower the gun and pute it on the table . castle -: why you have to sell all . the thing you love . can I have a drink ? . week pour . Frank get up and talk as he go to the empty stereo cabinet , all the CD be there , nothing to play they on . castle ( cont 'd ) you still have you phone . if ' the bank repossess everything in you - house , they can not take the phone . the court may hold you to ten '' dollar of call in a month , but they can not take the phone . and TI . think that the same should apply to you stereo . how can anyone have such a good collection of music , everything from jazz to speed ' metal , and not be able to hear it ? that 's a crime , be not it ? he turn around and week have the gun point at he . 25 February 2003 ( continued } 101 . continued : . week how long have . you know ? castle you just tell I . week I '' sorry , Frank . the two mens 's eye burn hole in each other . week 's finger slowly compress . the trigger . click . week stare at the gun . he pull the trigger again . again again again . click click click . ' castle . tr have get 's ' the bullet , you have get the gun . you be closer to the kitchen , so you be closer to the knife ; ' but you know that if you of I , I will kill stronger than you , ready dead , which a very good and because . e* I have discover castle but you @id it . wate week Saint do it . hoan , castle no . you do it . : week I save you life . a castle and because of that , I come home and I meet amanda . and we fall in love and I marry she and we have a son -he be you godson - and then one day they be kill in front of I , along with my mother and my father , and my whole family . and none of that would have happen if you have not save my life . if you ( more ) 25 febmary 2003 ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 2 ) castle ( cont 'd ) know what be come , would you save my life again ? ° week I do not know they be go to kill you family . castle but you know they be go to kill I . how do you live with '' yourself ? . week I do nott . castle you - do not behave like a special force . man . you do not . I know 's it then you know what , you have to do . and Frank hold one bullet in . | ehe air , between he thumb and forefinger . ioca not . he walk to week and give he the bullet . castle you can .. you will . now . week take the bullet and chamber tt in the gun . week you do it . castle no . week put the gun under he own chin and pull . the. trigger . ext . saint compound - night livia sdint park she mercede and approach the house . 25 February 2003 103 . int . saint mansion - foyer ~- night livia enter , set down she purse , remove she coat . Saint enfoycer lincoin stand there , stare at she . : livia where be my husband ? lincoln light a cigarette . : livia ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? you know there 's no smoking in the house . . lincoln exhales in livia 's face . she cough and stare at he , livid , uncertain of what 's happen . livia ( cont 'd ) . ( nervous ) what be this about ? crash . a vase drop exéi the upstairs wing smashes at livia 's foot . next come : bivda 's 's fur coat , jewelry , frame family photo , out the door . livia saint . I do not know what 's happen , just talk to I . _ ee . howard saint ' I know about you and Leonard . livia saint ~ _ Leonard ? what ? ene howard saint you have be fuck he . livia saint that would be a little hard to accomplish , Howard . howard saint how true . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) lo4 . continued : Howard Saint pull back the curtain to the study , revealing leoriard Glass wrap in he bloody foyer rug . she sharply inhale . livia saint Howard ? Howard Saint thrust the parking ticket in face . howard saint you really should pay you parking ticket . ~ livia fumby '' the ticket , try to comprehend . t ' livia saint be gon ' t know what this be ... you think we . .? Howard , Leonard be gay . . roward saint you will say anything now , will not you ? push '' she move . . we be ig for a arive . ext . ybor CITY expressway '- night Howard Saint 's limo head int tagipa 's ybor City . int . howard saint 's limousine ight livia , seat beside enforcer lincoln , stare at Howard Saint nervously . '' livia Howard , you have to listen tome . howard saint ( disinterested ) } this neighborhood use to be nice , now it 's for drug dealer and hooker . you 'il fit right in . ext . ybor CITY - night the limo pull over . Howard Saint drag livia out , pull she through the greasy gutter , rip she tight skirt and nylon . mascara run down livia ' 's face . livia Howard ... ! 25 February 2003 ( continued ) i05 . continued : she claw at he pant leg . Saint grab she hand and twist off ' she wedding . ring . '' livia ( cont 'd ) do not do this ...! howard saint you do it to yourself . Howard Saint climb back in the limo , motion to the driver . it roar off . livia ( howl ) howardi} ! ° the limo 's tail light fade off . livia get to she foot and try to compose ’herself .. . one of she heel be break . she discard she shoe and start down the sidewalk barefoot . she realize she 's in ' the , Cuban barrios . 2 be not the place to be . livia 's heart pound . .f his : ext . ybor CITY ~ train qverpass - night livia hurry . toward a pay phone near the Expressway train overpass , but there 's no hang set , just a severe cord . she hear thudding rap music . a lime GREEN cadillac with mag wheel approach . be high beam fall across livia 's face . the cadillac pull | over . Doors open . livia cover she eye as six silhouettes emerge . two of the. man appreach . Mike and Joe toro . livia I be Howard Saint 's wife . mike toro the Howard Saint who owe I million of dollar ? that Howard Saint ? the toros surround livia . she 's desperate . joe toro the wife who treat we like a couple back Bay pimp ? oh her. ff we can not get we money back , we ' il ( more ) 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 106 . continued : joe toro ( cont 'd ) find we satisfaction any way we can . . livia look over the overpass edge . if she jump it 's a 50 - foot drop to the train track . Mike toro grab at livia and violentiy kiss she - if you can call it . that . livia resist to no use . Joe toro cinch she skirt , spread she leg , expose she panty . the toros advance . livia make a choice . she jump 's from the overpass . the toros run to 's the edge and look down . ext . train track beneath overpass - night livia lie on the train track .. her leg be break but she 's alive . the track begin to vibrate and she hear a whistle . livia 's s-eyes bulge . a Tampa Metro Rail train , erge from the tunnel . ' livia try to crawl from t track but be not fast enough - the train wheel cut she , .dr ‘halt . ext . ybor CITY - train overpass ~ night 's the toro Brothers look down®at ¢: grisly scene below . mike toro . . beat pay alimony . '' they look across the overpass where . Ho not Saint sit in he limousine . Howard Saint nod to . they he limo drive off . int . howard saint 's limousine - night .. Howard Saint , drive away , be all ice-cold dispassion . howard saint the club . I would like a martini . ext . '' all saint '' lounge - night Castle , carry a duffel bag , emerge from a alley down the street and . head toward the lounge parking lot . ext . '' all saint * lounge - night Howard Saint 's limousine pull up . 25 February 2003 107 . int . '' all saint '' lounge - night garish , tacky . nude statue and velvet . it 's a big turn - out . all the Saint muscle be here . Howard Saint cross the room to son John . JOHN saint where have you be ? where 's Leonard ? howard saint he 's wrap up in something . : JOHN saint I ' call home . no one 's there . ' howard saint you mother 's go . . '' johm saint what ? ~ John Saint . stare oddly at Howard Saint who belt a martini . ext . ' all saint " lounge parking lot - night Castle spool detonation - cord , fxrdin a '' mercede to another car several space away . we see that 's 20 car have be similarly - vigge . Castle unshoulder he duffel bag and pull out a shotgun , two Delta Force m - 60 machine gun a everal claymore mine . he move on the nightclub . . ext . '' all saint '' lounge - night a group of prostitute / semi - pros , drunk and ciggling , exit a dimo and hit the intercom buzzer . : prostitute ( into intercom ) .« it 's we . oes ly the inner door buzze open . as the.girl begin to 's enter -- -~ Castle step in front of they , barring the door . the girl back up , frighten out of they panty : castile in body armor , weapon dangle , face tiger - stripe . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 108 . continued : castle get in the limousine and drive away . the girl get back in the limousine . it roar off . Castle move . inside , attach a claymore mine 's tripwire to the door 's deadbolt so that whoever next open the door will trigger it . Castle head into the downstairs kitchen area . int . '' all saint '' lounge ~- kitchen - night a cook and two : waiter prepare food . they freeze . Castle stand across the. kitchen in he body armor and war-paint , clutching a shotgun and a assault rifle . he put five stack of hundred on the counter . castle : this should take care of you until you find™another job . ext . '' all saint '' ' loung ! - back alley - night the cook and the waiter , stare shitless , exit the service entrance and run off down ' the , alley . 's int . '' all saint '' lounge =o night Howard Saint empty he glass , fidithe bottle be empty . a : howard saint more champagne ! enforcer lincoln go to the dumbwaiter . intercom . int . '' all saint '' lounge - kitchen '' = " nigh , Castle move through the kitchen . the-dumbwaiter 's intercom buzy . enforcer lincoln ( on intercom ) more champagne . Castle grab a champagne bucket and unpocket a ' claymore mine . he hit the intercom buzzer . castle ( into intercom ) come right up . 25 February 2003 109 . int . '' all saint '' lounge - gambling pit / lounge - night the dumbwaiter arrive . enforcer lincoln open the gumbwaiter door and lift the champagne bucket from the dumbwaiter . he untowel the bottle and lift the bottle from the ice , expose a fine - fibre filament connect to the champagne . as lincoln continue pull the bottle out - we hear a click . lincoln look down . at the bottom of the ice . bucket be the anti-personnel claymore mine . a explosion . A. horrifying , ungodly explosion , as the claymore mine ~- by its very design - blow . forth 700 steel pistol ball : which rip through the room like a scythe . lincoln and 10 Saint enforcer no longer exist . John , Saint and Howard Saint dive into a alcove as the shockwave rip phrough the room . two enforcer with= bzig enter from a adjacent room ; they look up at the shattered '' skylight as two arrow whistle down cand - thwick thwack = pi e they chest . with : C - 4 charge rig with digital the arrow be equipp ' the thug scream as -~ timer tick 3...2. -~- the arrow explode , blow the thug to kingdom come . appel through the shattered Castle , he m - 60 belching lead , survivor mercilessly . skylight , mow down any and al Howard Saint scramble down the stair , follow two Saint enforcer escape to the entrance / exit . int . ' all saint " lounge - entrance ght the Saint enforcer go for the door . , as they pile through they trip the second claymore mine , blow . they into next century . a horror show of fire and metal . Howard Saint , still on the stair , dive away . int . '' all saint '' lounge - 2 nd floor lounge - night Castle kick over dead body , check id . one of the enforcer stir , not yet dead . Castle shoot him» - and keep move . across the room John Saint stir beside a enormous concrete venus de milo replica blast off its pedestal , balanced precariously . his finger reach for he gun .... 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 110 . continued : Castle see John Saint and firé . Castle limp up to John Saint . he 's gutshot , convulse . JOHN saint please help I .... help I ... Castle push over the venus de milo statue . the 8 - ton concrete replica crunch John Saint , embed he body in the floorboard : John Saint 's expose hand twitches . Castle watch it until John Saint 's life drain away . ext . '' all saint " lounge ~ night Howard Saint stagger across the parking lot . and a voice echoe behind he . castle Howard Saint . Howard Saint désperatély xy to reach he car : {cont 'd} cast howard saint ! castle step through the blowh - éut nightclub entrance and walk under the neon light . , Howard Saint stumble toa stop . here 's nowhere to go . he turn , face Castle , smolder 's with contempt . . castle ( cont 'd ) you take everything from I . howard saint you kill my son . castle - both of they . they eye be so intense they could cut steel ; they hand inch for they weapon ; sweat bead on they forehead . Castle and Saint go for they gun . a single shot '' fire . Howard Saint spin into frame . face shocked . surprise . he go heavily to he knee . his hand , gun clench in it , fall to he side . he pitch over to one side . Castle walk up . stands over Howard Saint . 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 111 . continued : castle ( cont 'd ) let I show you something . ( pull from pocket sheaf of photograph ) I make you kill you best friend . Howard Saint weakly paw through the photograph , disbely ... Leonard Glass , en flagrante , with the barber . castle ( cont 'd ) I make you kill you wife . Castle pull owt livia ' 's other ear ring and drop it to 's the pavement . Howard : Saint 's lip quiver . howard saint wlivia .:. Howard Saint stare at the ear ring . castle and now I have ke sled you . Howard Saint 's eye réi1 back . he die like a dog . Castle walk stiffly back to the ey . we hear a engine rev . the chevelle supersport rumble otlt .of the alley . . Castle drive past the nightclub entrance , toss a C -4 brick through the blow - out door '' int . castle 's chevelle - night Castle , eye burn like coal , look up , in the rear-view as '' all Saint 's " blow sky high . he accelerate out of the parking lot , click a radio detona ex . . the last mercede in the parking lot - and 20 other cat link with det - cord ~ simultaneously blow sky high . ext . expressway above '' all saint '' lounge '' - night Tampa police cruiser and firetrucks be scream from all girection into the burn nightclub parking jot . a black sedan pull over on the Expressway overpass above the nightclub . Chief of Police Morris get out . his _expression be priceless . police chief : morris Pov - nelevate from overpass ) a chill image . the burn car in the parking lot be in the shape of the skull on castle 's t-shirt . 25 February 2003 112. back to scene : police chief .morris Castle . ext . rent control apartment - night Castle 's chevelle supersport sit outside . int . castleas loft apartment .- night Castle pull off he body armor . the’ tension which have consume the man be now lift . his mission be , complete . his destiny fulfil . Castle pick up.his father 's .45 . , check the clip , chamber a round . he pick up the picture of amanda and will , stare at it for a long beat , kiss it , and set it down . he position the 245 ) barrel under he chin , point upward , as he be teach to do ’in : the army , so as not to . survive . he finger inch on the ' tyigger . . Castle suddenly stop . castle 's S. hallucination | Castle 's 4th and final hallucination . this time , though , not about he family 's murder ... this be beautiful , peaceful . amanda and will be walk ' ttowaxvd we on the beach . amanda smile . will smile . we run to we try to reach they but we can not . they back away . amanda not yet darling . stay . . stay : we will wave goodbye at we . they slowly . .. i fade away . SNAP . Castle look at the .45 in he hand . the gun fall from he finger . he step back , shiver . int . rent control apartment hallway - night Joan sit on the hallway 's ratty carpet , anxiously wait . the door to Castle 's apartment open . Castle emerge . castle you be right . good memory can save you life . ( lean , exhaust ) T have work to do . read you ( more ) 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 113 . continued : castle ( cont 'd ) newspaper every day , you ali understand . . ( react to b.g. police siren , begin to head off . ) this be goodbye . thank you . joan why the newspaper ? which section ? castle obituary . Castle shoulder he weapon pack and disappear . fade to black . fade in : ext . rent - control apartment - day spacker Dave , mach be ! stoop read '' hitmah . '' down the sidewalk , a profe he 's a cub reporter . ** sgroom , in a funky suit , be on the 's face be heal . a guy come mal camera around he neck . cub : reporter be you name ... daive ? cub reporter . I '' do a piece for '' New Tampa | S Times " ? you know he do not you ? before he go undergrouri spacker dave ( finger together ) - we be like this . bumpo and Joan come out . cub reporter - a and you be say , you be he . close friend in the building ? joan you be ? spacker dave ( bust , he want to get out of there ) ( more ) 25 February 2003 ( continued ) 124 . continued : spacker dave ( cont 'd ) listen , can we do this later ? we have get a meeting of the Castle trust for victim of violent crime . and I be with they , we be together , the three of we , right ? joan that 's right . mr . bumpo . ( to the reporter ) Dave have a problem with high self esteem ; but we be work on it . dissolve to : int . bank tower -- day the lobby be crowded with the kind of people who push nothing heavier than a pen and lift nothing heavier than a phone , and have a house in Deer Valley . we rise through the , building to int . cayman investment -- day another money laundry . a' busy office . Joe and Mike toro be talk to a new investment adviser . mike toro . we use to do businesswith Howard Saint . investment adviser everyone in the communit : 2 devastate . joe toro .- but life go on . investment adviser it 's all you can do . mike toro you have a reputation . investment adviser for what ? 25 February 2003 { continued ) 41 . continued : : . joe toro you do not blush for money that come from whore , gambling , and drug . investment adviser it depend on how much . there 's a click . the investment adviser look up . investment adviser ( cont 'd ) how do you ' get in here ? it 's Castle , in along coat . he lift he shotgun . " | castle you ' dori t need to know . gastle : make you rich . '' castri I have enough money . Joe reach for a gun . cas tle shoot he . mike toro do not . . castle do . and he blast Mike toro . investment adviser '' do not kill I . castle oo - I know what you do , I know where you live . you life be in you hand , not mine . and he put the gun away , and walk out , shutting '' the door . ext . tampa BAY bridge & nightscape - night a lone silhouette ( Castle ) stand starkly against a hallucinatory cerulean city - scape as we helicopter back ... castle the angel give I a glimpse of heaven . to see what I ’a@ be ( more ) 25 February 2003 { continued} continued : 116 . castle ( cont 'd ) miss . a wife . a son . finally at -peace . if I be not to join they , if it 's not my time yet , I will vemain . but on my term . that who do evil to other , the killer , the rapist , the psychos , sadist ... you will come to know I well . Frank Castle be dead . call -me... , the punisher . camera move backward , into the sky . fade to black . gunshot pierce the theater . the end 25 February 2003