fade in : 1 on a apparently black screen . we hear the voice of diego : diego ( v.0 . ) in 1822 , General Santa Anna of Mexico successfully overthrew the Spanish rule . Mexico 's long war for independence be win . the last viceroy of Alta California have be recall to Spain . realizing he day of power be at a end , the viceroy order all prisoner execute ( beat ) the spirit of justice demand a champion a knife blade poke through the black screen from the other side . it cut out one hole . then a second -- ?a pair of eye peek through . child 's eye , dark and watchful . joaquin ( 0.s. ) what 's go on , alejandro ? let I see . -int . wagon - day the black screen be , in fact , the canvas side of a wagon . crouched inside , hide , be two boy . they be : joaquin murietta , ten year old , on he way to manhood . a great older brother , gentle with and protective of : alejandro murietta , eight . despite he age , alejandro be the natural leader of the two , although neither know it . alejandro move over , so he peek out one eye hole . joaquin peer through the other . what they see : the town square . whitewash wall and terra cotta , the sunset leaching color , create a almost black - and - white look . thronge with people , milling restlessly , on the edge of where a crowd become a mob . order be keep by dozen of soldier , stand sternly at arm . they keep a perimeter in the form a large semi-circle in front of the viceroy' build . a six - man firing squad set up . Three bound prisoner await they fate . on the boy : alejandro he 's not go to come . joaquin should we move closer ? ( continued ) continued : suddenly light spill across the two boy . undertaker ( 0.s . ) hooligan ! what do you think you be do ? get out of here ! a undertaker glare in at they , hold up a flap of canvas . he wear a black suit as severe as he expression . it 's he wagon , evidence by the three empty coffin inside . alejandro we should move closer ! he slice the canvas , and the two dive out into the square . ext . town square - day the boy scramble around and among the leg of onlooker , move closer to the semi-circle . joaquin where be he ? alejandro I do not see he . joaquin he 's get to come . he 's very brave . on all four , they slip past a group of uniformed soldier . alejandro yes , but he 's also very smart . [ the boy crawl past a man in rough hooded cloak , he sandale foot visible -- he reach out and grab they ( gently ) by the ear . it be fray felipe , a out - of - place scowl on he round , jovial face . joaquin ( horrify ) fray felipe ! felipe do you suppose you be parent -- God - rest-their-souls -- would approve of you two be here ? ( lean closer ; worried ) there 's go to be trouble . get back to the mission -- now ! he give they a little push . abashed , they move away , aware of felipe watch they . but as soon as he turn away -- ( continued ) continued : 2 alejandro grab joaquin , yank he down . back on all four , joaquin lead , they crawl back through the crowd . suddenly , alejandro be cut off , bump into the knee of a man in a rough hooded cloak . sure he 's catch , he look down -- ] beneath the monk 's robe be shiny black boot with silver spur . and the silver tip of a scabbard . ? alejandro 's eye go wide . he look up -- angle - looking up : beneath the monk 's hood , a mask , a dash mustache , the flash of a smile . it 's zorro . he put a finger to he lip : ' shhh . ' alejandro wheel , scramble back to joaquin . alejandro joaquin ! he 's here ! he 's here ! joaquin Zorro 's here ? alejandro ( a finger to he lip , a la Zorro ) shhhh ! he 's right over there -- [ he point -- ? the monk 's robe lie discard on the ground . ] alejandro look around in wonder , amaze at the disappear trick . joaquin grab he hand , head for a ladder . joaquin c'mon ! alejandro be drag along ; he barely avoid run into -- don luiz , a older man , tall and thin , with a elegant goatee . he push through the crowd , reach the entrance to the viceroy 's Building . Soldiers meet he with a challenge . don luiz Don luiz . the viceroy send for I . int . viceroy' build - day 3 Don luiz move down a hallway , he face pale , eye take in all the activity . he dodge servant as they rush past , roll up tapestry , hurriedly pack household item , etc . Soldiers carry heavy crate out , move with a sense of urgency . int . viceroy' build - 2 nd floor - study - day 4 the door be ajar . Don luiz step into the study , which have be clear out quickly . shelves emptied , drawer leave open . paper scattered about . ( continued ) continued : a balcony open off the room . look out over the square be a darkly handsome man with the eye of a snake . he wear a understate military uniform , and stand utterly still . this be rafael montero , viceroy of Alta California . don luiz I hope it be not true . you be return to Spain ..? [ montero I be the Spanish viceroy , after all - - and California be no longer part of Spain . ( bitter ) Santa Anna 's troops be already on they way to take control of the presidio . ] don luiz [ the don be worried . ] how will we fare under Mexico ? rule by peasant montero who will squander this land the same way Spain have . California be richer than anyone can imagine ( smile ) anyone but I . one day , Don luiz , I will return . and all of we plan will see fruition . don luiz know that we will always remain loyal to you . and will strive to keep California at least ... a little civilized . montero a hard thing , in this land of savage . he catch the eye of the fire squad leader . montero ( cont 'd ) begin the execution ! + in the square : alejandro and joaquin scramble across a roof . below they , the squad leader draw he sword . squad leader preparén ! ( he raise he sword ) apuntén ! the crowd be still . alejandro and joaquin search for Zorro . the prisoner stand straight , meeting death with honor . ( continued ) continued : the squad leader be about to slash he arm down -- squad leader dispare ! finger tighten on triggers -- ? with a crack the fall of a whip wrap around one of the rifle barrel -- and yank it sideways , into the next , send it sideways , and so on , like domino , so that all the rifle be point at the squad leader -- squad leader no dispare ! no dispare -- too late -- the soldier FIRE . the squad leader crumple -- the whip - wielder leap nimbly into the square : a apparition in black , sword draw . alejandro spot he first -- alejandro Zorro ! the crowd see he . people point ; a cry rise up : crowd EL zorro ! viva EL zorro ! Zorro reach the prisoner . Three quick slashes free they . several of the soldier reload . other draw they sword , attack Zorro -- Zorro fight with graceful economy , anticipate all attack . [ as the freed prisoner make they escape , felipe upend a wagon of barrel . ] the barrel roll free , block and trip soldier . the crowd have erupt ; some of the peasant try to block the soldier , who club they down -- Zorro parry two soldier ' sword into a wheel of the overturn wagon , spin the wheel ; they sword be wrench away . on montero and don luiz : don luiz trust Zorro to spoil a good execution . montero I be count on it . he take a candle from a sconce , light a torch strapped to the balcony rail . the torch flare to life -- on alejandro and joaquin , as they look up , see the signal -- ( continued ) continued : 5 ? -- as do several soldier , who emerge onto the wood balcony below the boy , take up position to fire at Zorro . alejandro look ! joaquin a ambush ! we have get to warn Zorro - alejandro be ahead of he . there 's a large , loose brick on the roof 's edge . he strain to shove it off . joaquin join he -- the stone smashes down on the soldier , take they out . Zorro turn at the noise , see the soldier -- then spot the boy . other soldier start fire at he . Zorro dive away , smashes through the door of a building -- alejandro and joaquin peer over the roof 's edge . like the soldier , they wait for Zorro to reappear -- Black -glove hand drop onto they shoulder . they spin -- it be Zorro . he have almost magically appear behind they . zorro my thanks to you , gentleman . he remove a medallion from around he neck . it have a intricate design : several circle within the large circle , with various line of radii intersect . zorro here . a symbol of my gratitude . but you 'il have to share it . he hold it . it 's a ceremonious moment . the medallion gleam . alejandro reach for it , but too late -- joaquin take it . zorro now -- if you 'il excuse I and he step off the roof , onto a overhang , leap to a canopy , then onto -- montero' balcony . Zorro hold he blade on montero , who do not flinch . behind he , Don luiz fade back , finger he own throat . zorro you be willing to kill that man to trap I . ( continued ) continued : 5 montero I would have kill a hundred man -- if I could be sure that one of they be you . zorro you should have learn by now . no innocent will die as long as I be alive to rescue they . Three man . Three cut . lightn -quick , he make three quick cut on montero 's neck . montero slap a hand up , cover they . zorro a souvenir of you day in California . ( beat ) good-bye , montero . and good riddance . he whistle -- ? a huge black stallion gallop into the square . Zorro leap from the balcony onto its back . Soldiers scramble as Zorro gallop through they , up a flight of exterior stair -- silhouett against the set sun low on the horizon , Zorro on horseback leap from rooftop to rooftop , then be go . on alejandro and joaquin , watch in awe as he disappear . with the feel of ceremony , joaquin lift the medallion , drape it around he neck . alejandro reach out to touch it , lightly , reverently . on the balcony overlooking the square . montero lower he hand from he neck . on the palm be the bloody imprint of a backwards ' Z ' , mirrore the one on he neck . montero clenches he hand into a bloody fist . ext . secret cave - night 6 a waterfall cascade over stone . Zorro ride up , dismount smoothly . remove the horse 's tack and saddle , pet he . zorro there you go , tornado . take the rest of the night off . tornado snort , gallop away . saddle over he shoulder , Zorro climb a path , disappear behind the waterfall -- int . do LA vega hacienda - hallway - night 7 a large grandfather clock swing aside on oile hinge . it be a secret doorway , cave wall visible beyond . diego do LA vega step out . mid-thirty , a dash and handsome man . int . do LA vega hacienda - elena' room - night 8 Diego step in quietly . a strike view through the window : distant cliff above the moonlit ocean . a large stand of manzanita just outside . but Diego 's eye be on the small occupant of a crib beneath the window sill -- [ diego hello , darling Elena . do you want to hear what you father do tonight ? it be quite the hair-raise adventure -- J in the crib be elena do LA vega , almost two . a sleep angel -- with funny - look spiky hair . Diego dote on she diego ( be : she hair ) oh , you have hear it already ? esperanza ( 0.s. ) she do not understand a word you say . she just like the sound of you voice . [ stand in the doorway be esperanza . she wear a simple dress accented by a yellow pafuelo -- a full - length silk scarf . ] if Elena grow up to resemble she mother at all ( and she will ) , she will break a thousand heart . Diego slip a arm around esperanza 's waist . diego someday she will listen to my storey that 's all I ask . int . do LA vega hacienda - sala - night 9 expose oak beam . elegant furniture and fill bookshelve . lit by candlelight . Diego and Elena enter . esperanza all I ask be you be around to tell they . more fear be in she tone than she intend . Diego note it . diego esperanza ... she gesture ' one moment . ' shut she eye , gather herself . she look at Diego , in control of she fear now . esperanza Diego ... I love you ... and I love you for what you do . but ... I can smell the gunsmoke on you . ( wryly ) and you be not get any young -- ( continued ) continued : diego ( pull she close ) I assure you ... my bone be not brittle yet . esperanza not all of they , anyway . a passionate kiss -- [ ] suddenly the door crash open , a soldier 's full weight behind it . other soldier spill in behind he . esperanza madre de dios -- montero stride in . a blood-stain bandage be around he throat . diego viceroy -- this be my home . what do you want here ? ( be : the bandage ) do you cut yourself shave ? montero . glib as ever , de la vega . I have come to settle thing between we . diego there be nothing between we . montero you be a betrayer , de la vega . you have stand against I -- and you fellow don -- for as long as I can remember . diego only when you be wrong . which have be as long as I can remember . montero you have secretly fund General Santa Anna and he craven rebel -- do not deny it ! montero regards Diego coldly . montero ( cont 'd ) you have many powerful friend , in Spain as well as Mexico . but none will seek revenge for the death of Zorro . esperanza and Diego stare at he . and then -- they laugh . ( continued ) 10 . continued : esperanza believe I , rafaél -- if he be Zorro , I would be the first to know . diego no , actually , I would -- montero stare at esperanza . he shake he head . montero you choose badly , esperanza . you give you love to the wrong man . her eye blaze . she return he gaze levelly . esperanza there be never any choice to make . Diego step between they . glare at montero . diego I think you be dizzy , montero . from loss of blood , perhaps ? montero for fifteen year Zorro have be a thorn in my side . I have always suspect you , de la vega . I just never have any proof . from beneath he jacket he produce a black cape and mask -- poor imitation of Zorro 's . hold they up to a sergeant . montero find this somewhere . ( nod he head ) and kill he . a soldier grab for Diego . Diego evade he , slide the sword from the soldier 's belt . slam the soldier hard into a wall . diego now , you choose , montero : leave my house . or ... ( a deadly smile ) actually , there 's no choice there , either . montero everyone know that Diego de la vega have no affection for the fight . he attack , engage Diego -- who be , of course , Zorro . montero smile at Diego 's skill . ( continued ) 11 . continued : montero you really be Zorro , be not you ? diego affection and ability be two different thing . this time Diego attack , force montero back . a soldier , sword draw , move to attack Diego 's back -- esperanza grab a broom and trip he . the sergeant be draw he pistol ; esperanza shove the bristle into he face , knock he back , then smack the pistol away . a second soldier move toward Diego and montero , who continue they duel , blade flashing in candlelight . a third soldier move toward Diego -- ? the sergeant find he lose pistol , take aim at Diego -- ? esperanza leap to defend Diego from the third soldier -- ? the sergeant fire -- the shot freeze the room . the next sound be -- ? esperanza's gasp -- Diego and montero watch in horror as she crumple to the floor . the sergeant , aghast , still hold the smoking pistol . as one , Diego and montero lunge , they blade pierce the sergeant 's heart . the sergeant fall back against a stand candelabra . it topple , set curtain ablaze . Diego drop he sword , leap to esperanza . he cradle she in he arm , she blood stain he shirt . diego oh , esperanza ... esperanza ... montero move closer , stand over he , stare down in horror at esperanza . he be genuinely stricken , oblivious to the flame grow around they . montero ( soft ; to himself ) you deserve better . you would have love to see Spain . a burning beam crash down , separate the two man . Diego throw himself back as flame erupt higher -- diego Elena ! ( continued ) 12 . continued : 9 he scramble toward she room . wood creak -- ?-- Diego turn as a section of wall fall inward . he throw up he arm in defense -- the screen goe black ext . do LA vega hacienda - night 10 Diego land hard ; he come to slowly . firelight illumine he face . he raise he hand -- they be chain . he be in a cage ona wagon , with several other prisoner . his eye focus , and he gasp - -- through the bar he see he hacienda engulfed in flame . diego Elena ! elena ! soldier she 's still inside . Diego snap a look at he , he rage building . he rattles the cage bar , let loose a almost animal howl -- diego montero ! damn you to hell , montero ! I will find you and kill you -- the soldier ring he sword off the bar . soldier shut up . the viceroy do not get out either . ( to the driver ) take he away ! you will rot in the dungeon at talamantes , de la vega . you will die there . the wagon start forward with a jerk . Diego stare at the burning hacienda . he collapse back , draw he knee up to he chest , defeat . rain begin to fall . diego I ... be dead all ready . ( a whisper ) esperanza ... Elena the soldier watch the wagon disappear . from the Hacienda come the sound of the roof collapsing . and then shout -- a figure appear , run out of the flame . cloak in a smolder carpet . Soldiers gather round he -- ( continued ) 13 . continued : 10 the figure throw back the carpet from he face , leave it wrap around he like a cape . it be montero . soldier viceroy ! you be all right -- ? montero where 's de la vega ? soldier go -- to talamantes . with the other . montero be livid . this be not what he intend . montero no ! get he back here ! I will kill he -- a scout step forward . scout no time , sir . there be mexican troops just over the hill . they will see the fire -- montero damn ! montero stare in the direction Diego 's wagon go . consider he course of action . montero damn he . let 's go . there come the soft sound of a baby crying . montero throw the carpet all the way off -- in he arm be elena . he cradle she , protect she from the rain . montero shh , nifia . shh. I will take care of you . ( pull she close ) you should have be mine , and now you be . the rain pour down , extinguish the flame of the burn hacienda . smoke pour across the huge , full moon . + omit 11 + omit 12 slow dissolve to : 14 . ext . road - day - twenty year later 13 close on : the medallion . hanging from the neck of joaquin murietta , twenty year older . intense , earnest -- and in trouble . also around he neck be a rope , tie he to -- -- alejandro murietta , trail behind . handsome despite he unkempt hair and shaggy beard . they hand apparently tie behind they , they be prisoner of -- three -fingered jack , a powerfully - build man , the rough look of a bounty hunter . only three finger on he leave hand ; the bone of the other two jut from he hat band . on horseback , he lead the brother by the rope . they crest a hill . in the distance be a watering station -- a small produce shack with a horse trough and feed bin . Jack grin , give the rope a yank . alejandro and joaquin exchange a defeat glance , trudge forward -- ext . watering station -- day 14 close on : a poster : ' wanted : the murietta brother . ' passable drawing of joaquin and alejandro . the poster be be nail to a post by corporal LOPEZ , a bandy cock soldier . he be watch by the owner , he little girl , a old man and a farmer . Three soldier loiter , guard a horse -drawn wagon . they horse drink , and the soldier help themselves to produce -- to the owner 's disgust . [ farmer the army should be capture this bandit -- instead of just nail up want poster . people have be disappear --] ( worried ) I have not see Jose Gonzales in week . owner he 's right . there be more and more disaparecidos all the time . farmer Indians -- even woman and child . no one 's safe . LOPEZ ( shrug ) a few peasant disappear , what do it matter ? this muriettas actually dare to rob cabelleros and soldier . farmer the only one with any money . ( continued ) 15 . continued : 14 [ old man Zorro could capture they . Zorro could find the disappear one ] . girl who 's Zorro ? Lopez roll he eye . LOPEZ you peasant . have to have you little storey about Zorro . he pick up a tomato lazily , bite into it . old man ( to the girl ) Zorro be a great man -- a champion . he protect we . he would stop the disappearance , if he be here . owner he would make people pay for the food they eat . Lopez backhand he -- suddenly and violently . LOPEZ this be tax . to pay the soldier who do protect you . he kneel beside the girl , address she like a kindly uncle . LOPEZ ( cont 'd ) I will tell you who Zorro be . Zorro be a crazy man who wear a mask . do you know what that make he ? a bandit . and if he show himself around here , we would treat he just like any other bandit . ( a tomato - red smile ) we would hunt he down and kill he . farmer or get someone to do it for you . he point . everyone look where he 's point : at jack , lead alejandro and joaquin , come up the road . the soldier raise they rifle warily . Lopez gesture for they to wait as Jack draw near . jack I hear soldier come through here every week . I think I get some people you want to meet . ( continued ) 16 . continued : 14 farmer ( look at the poster ) it 's they ! it 's the murietta brother . Lopez examine the brother . squint at the poster . Jack dismount , crowd forward , everyone try to see the poster alejandro so -- how much be the reward ? ( Lopez glare at he ) just ask . joaquin ( boastful ) well , this soldier be deliver the army payroll . that sound about right . LOPEZ ha . the reward 's two hundred peso . alejandro ( aghast ) two hundred peso ? for each of we ? joaquin reach up , tear down the poster , look at it joaquin for both of we ! alejandro that 's insulting ! ( to Jack ) if I be you , I would not accept it . you work too hard to catch we . Lopez 's eye widen -- he finally notice that joaquin 's hand be free , hold the poster . he point -- LOPEZ hey -- you be not tie up ! a ' click ' -- Lopez be look down the barrel of Jack 's pistol ; he freeze . but the soldier be startle into action . two rush at Jack -- alejandro step to one side , drop to he knee -- alejandro joaquin ! down ! ( continued ) 17 . continued : 14 joaquin drop to he knee . the rope between they be taut . alejandro keep a grip on the rope , leave some slack around he neck -- but joaquin do not . he be choke , yank over as the soldier trip over the rope . alejandro slip the rope off he neck , jump the two down soldier , subdue they -- the third soldier take aim at alejandro . joaquin draw a sword -- a old , tarnish spadroon -- from where it be hide in Jack 's bedroll . he dive , knock the rifle aside as the soldier fire , the shot go wide . the soldier attack joaquin with he bayonet -- and disarm he easily . his sword go fly . joaquin hey ! joaquin grab the rifle barrel , and yank it away -- then swing it like a bat , clocking the soldier . it 's over in second , and Lopez be still stare down Jack 's gun barrel . the onlooker be a little stunne by it all . joaquin ( rub he throat ) damn it , alejandro -- next time , warn I . [ alejandro do not look up . he 's too busy go through the unconscious soldier ' pocket . ] alejandro next time . Jack , gun still on Lopez , pick up the want poster . jack look at this . I be not on here . ( to Lopez ) I be Three - fingered Jack . how hard be it to remember that ? ( hold up he hand ) Three finger ! see ? Three - fingered Jack ! [ now alejandro 's load food into a basket as he make the peasant turn they pocket inside - out . he 's not impressed . ] alejandro maybe you should not make a issue of it , Jack . jack I be a member of this gang . I want a little respect . ( continued ) 18 . continued : 14 the Old man bring joaquin he sword . joaquin take it , make a few swipe . old man be you suppose to be Zorro ? joaquin ( flatter ) you think I look like Zorro ? old man no . [ joaquin deflate . alejandro chuckle , toss the basket of food into the wagon , climb on . ] old man ( cont 'd ) Zorro be not a bandit . he just use to wear a medallion like yours , that 's all . joaquin go away . he climb up on the wagon beside alejandro . joaquin ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here . he try to ignore alejandro 's grin . alejandro flick the rein . the wagon move . LOPEZ Captain Love will have you head for this . Jack still have he gun on Lopez . he raise he hand -- Lopez cower back -- but Jack just display he finger . jack remember : Three - fingered Jack . LOPEZ I will remember . he mount he horse , smile ' thank you . ' wave daintily , spur the horse . follow the wagon away , leave behind unconscious soldier , excited onlooker , and a angry Lopez . + omit 15 ext . hillside / ravine - day 16 the wagon , driverless , horseless , careen down the hillside , smashes into the ravine . ? Jack , wield a pry bar , snap OPEN a strongbox lock . ? joaquin strip off the lock , throw back the lid -- ( continued ) 19 . continued : 16 the box be fill with gold ingot . the outlaw gasp . ? alejandro lift one out . turn it in he hand . jack we be rich . ( to joaquin ) we can keep it , right ? joaquin half . half we give to the mission . [ alejandro do not start that ! what have they ever do for we ? joaquin fray felipe raise we -- teach we -- alejandro and we turn out so well . that gold be ours ! we should just take it and run ! joaquin dammit , alejandro --] alejandro this be not some army payroll . this be something else -- something big . they will hunt we down . we will just be three more disaparecidos . joaquin Zorro would never have run away -- alejandro look around , joaquin ! do any of we look like Zorro ? ( point ) no ! joaquin regards he . then put a hand on he shoulder joaquin so we ride to the mission . in honor of Zorro . alejandro look at he ; the point be settle . alejandro turn the bar of gold in he hand ; sunlight flare off of it -- 20 . int . ship - hold - day 17 slashes of light shine down through the deck . sword crash -- ? two figure duel with classic small sword . one be a old salt , gray and grizzle but still spry . the other one be young , with long hair , tie back . they duel amongst the box of cargo . the Old Salt feint , then lunge -- and freeze . his opponent 's blade be aim directly at he heart . he look up at -- elena . even wear man 's clothes she be breathtaking . the Old Salt knock she blade away , snort in self - disgust . old salt you get a knack for the blade , girl . elena my father be a expert swordsman . old salt then how come you go to old sailor for you lesson . Old sailor ... and Spanish gypsy . ( she surprise confirm it ) think I know the style . elena my father would say ... it be improper for a lady to learn the sword . he be a very proper man . ( sigh ; troubled ) and I do not think I be the proper daughter he deserve . suddenly the hatch open ; light flood in . montero ( 0.s. ) Elena ! Elena and Old Salt exchange shocked glance . captain ( 0.s. ) I can not imagine what she would be do in the hold . montero ( 0.s. ) neither can I -- but I can not find she anywhere else . [ Elena make a decision . toss the Old Salt she sword , grab up a travel cloak -- and wriggle out through a porthole . ] the Old Salt strike a nonchalant pose -- realize he still hold the sword . he stashes they , reassume he pose -- just in time as the captain find he . ( continued ) 21 . continued : 17 captain we be look for Don montero 's daughter . have you see she ? old salt down here ? not unless she 's get a taste for rat . montero look in distastefully from the top of the stairway . montero hardly . she be a refine and delicate lady . + omit 18 ext . ship - deck - day 19 [ montero , the Captain and the Old Salt emerge from the hold . the Old Salt spot Elena , climb over the seaward rail . she plead to he with she eye . he turn so that the Captain and montero 's back be to she . ] old salt I do not want to be a jonah -- but could she have ...? ( jerk he head overboard ) montero ( to the Captain ) if she have fall overboard , I will hold you and you crew responsible -- elena who 's fall overboard , father ? they turn . Elena stand there , the travel cloak conceal she attire . montero I be afraid you have -- elena you be look for I ? why ? something exciting , I hope . he smile at she enthusiasm . he offer she he arm . montero something you have never see before . ext . ship - deck - rail - day 20 montero and Elena be at the rail , he hand over she eye . ( continued ) 22 . continued : 20 montero California . he uncover she eye . Elena gasp . across the white - cap wave , the golden hill move past . elena we be there ? montero we new home . she hug montero , she eye still take in the sight . elena all my life , it seem , I have dream of California . captain Don montero ... you boat be ready . but I tell you again ... this delay will put the tide against we . montero no matter . I must go ashore . elena why , Father ? what 's wrong ? montero nothing , dear . nothing that need concern you . montero look away , out across the water , lose in think . int . talamantes prison - day 21 a torch blaze . montero carry it , trail by the warden and several guard . the cell block be all wet stone and rusted iron bar . narrow shaft of sunlight be swallow by the oppressive darkness . montero his name be Diego de la vega . he must be here . warden I be sorry , sir , but we do not keep record . prisoner have no need for name . and only the dead leave talamantes . montero shove the torch between the bar of a cell . only then do we see the prisoner inside , blink painfully at the light . it 's not Diego . ( continued ) 23 . continued : 21 montero move to the next cell : not Diego . the next : not Diego . the next . the next a prisoner lie on the ground , unmove . eye stare . fly buzzing -- he 's dead . and he 's not Diego . montero move on . warden get a coffin . bury he . [ one of the Guards -- ordaz -- unlock the cell door . the other two stay with montero and the warden . ] montero move faster , check one cell after another , one face after another , recognize none of they . in one cell , a prisoner sit huddle in the shadow . montero shove the torch in -- close on : the prisoner eye . reflecting the torch light . it be diego . twenty year older , Diego have be ravage by time . bearded , gray hair , face heavily line -- none from laughter . one leg be manacle , the chain bolt into the wall . montero peer at he . no recognition . he move on , throw the cell back into darkness . but Diego have recognize montero . he step out of the shadow , stare after he . Diego watch montero continue down the block , the warden and the other two guard trail . montero you must be right , warden . he must be dead Diego grab the bar , rattles they in anger . [ diego ( a whisper ) he 's alive ...] a scrape from down the hall . Diego see : + ordaz , drag a rough wooden coffin to the dead man 's 22 21a cell . Diego 's eye narrow -- diego Guard ! his voice be just a raw croak . ordaz look up . ordaz I think you be dumb . Diego motion he closer . ordaz move warily . ( continued ) 24 . continued : 21a ordaz ( cont 'd ) I be here ten year . what 's so important , you have to talk now ? diego ( still hoarse ) the man that man be look for I know who he be . ordaz who ? diego ( shake he head ) you will get a reward . I want some , too . better food . more of it . ordaz think it over . ordaz if it 's worth something to Don montero , it will be worth something to you . Diego nod reluctantly . ordaz check for listener , move close to the bar . lower he voice . ordaz ( cont 'd ) who be it ? diego me. he whip the rope belt from he pants , loop it around the guard 's neck , yank he head into the bar with a clang . ordaz fight -- Diego clang he again . and again . ordaz slump , unconscious . Diego grab ordaz 's key ring , unlock he cell door , drag the Guard inside . he smile as he try one of the key on he manacle . it do not work . he try anther . no good . then another , and another , each more frantically -- none of the key fit . crushed , Diego drop the key ring . he search ordaz . find a dagger he boot , try to fiddle the lock with it , dig at the ring in the wall -- useless . Diego feel defeat . then he gaze fall on -- ?-- ordaz 's powder horn . Diego pour black powder into the manacle 's keyhole . pack it with the dagger . use a strip of ordaz 's tunic as wadding . ( continued ) 25 . continued : 21a he wrap more of the tunic around he manacle foot to protect it . a pouch on ordaz 's belt hold shot and flint . Diego strike one of the flint against the dagger . the wadding smolder . Diego blow it to life . the makeshift fuse burn quickly . Diego haul ordaz 's body between he and the manacle as a shield -- the powder explode with a flash , blow open the manacle -- Diego strip the now - burning wrap off he foot , tooth gritt , scream a silent scream . his foot be blacken and bloody . but the toe be all still there . he wriggle they thankfully . a large chunk of metal jut from ordaz 's chest . Diego shove he aside without remorse . he stand . wince at the pain from he foot . look down at ordaz 's . at he boot . int . talamantes prison - new angle - day 23 the two other Guards , with a burial detail of four prisoner , go into the dead man 's cell . the coffin lie there , shut tight . no body . second guard where 's ordaz ? third guard who care ? you four -- haul that out of here . the prisoner move to lift the coffin -- ? it_is heavy . they struggle . the prison Guard snap a flail . third guard put you back into it ! they haul the coffin up , and carry it through the door , into the corridor . they carry it past -- diego' cell . where a prisoner huddle in the shadow . ordaz , the dead guard . his foot be bare . ext . talamantes prison - day 24 the prisoner , sweaty with exertion , lower the coffin into a freshly - dig shallow grave . they spade dirt in on top of it -- ext . talamantes prison - night 25 the graveyard . the white cross glow in the light of the moon . the fresh grave . there be the sound of wood splintering . the dirt shift . moves. cave in -- Diego 's hand , clutching the dagger , shove out the dirt . ( continued ) 26 . continued : 25 Diego haul himself out of the coffin , out of the earth . he gasp for air ; draw deep , cleanse breath . he look back into the coffin , at the body . cross himself . he rise . his leg buckle . Diego grab one of the wooden cross . use it as a crutch , he limp from the graveyard . dissolve to : ext . coastline - beach - night 25a a rocky cove , spectacular in the moonlight . a campfire burn just short of the treeline . joaquin and alejandro lay on bedroll . Three - fingered Jack stand watch . joaquin ... I have always want a horse . a black one . and a silver trim saddle and silver stirrup . people will see I and say , ' there , that must be a great man . ' Three - fingered Jack leave he post , come toward the fire . jack I know what I be go to do with my share . I be go to ' Frisco . I will sip amontillado , buy the most beautiful woman , and smoke cigarettes . how ' bout you , alejandro ? alejandro I could not hope to match the grandeur of you dream . joaquin oh , come on . tell we again about the magnificent hacienda , the love of a sweet , dark - eye sefiorita who call you Don alejandro alejandro you keep you horse , joaquin . I will keep my sefiorita -- there be a crack from the darkness . the three freeze , and then alejandro dive for he gun -- -- but stop short , a bayonet in he face , freezing he . a soldier stand over he . the camp be quickly circle by soldier , some with lantern , some on horse , all with gun levele . ( continued ) 27 . continued : 25 a a man on a superb buckskin horse loom out of the darkness : captain harrison love . his posture be perfect , he gaze intense . a dueling scar on he leave cheek . he wear a small sword ; a saber hang ina scabbard from he saddle . first , last and always , he be a soldier . he have a Texas accent . Love gaze down imperiously , a want poster in he hand . love so . the infamous murietta bandit . ( nod to Jack ) and you must be Three - fingered Jack . he display the poster . it 's a new one , with three drawing : joaquin , alejandro ... and a three - finger hand . Jack slip he hand behind he back . jack maybe ... maybe not . love I be Captain Harrison Love , of the first dragoon of California . and you be my prisoner . ( mock ) Truth to tell , I expect more of a fight . alejandro if you insist . alejandro kick away the rifle point at he . grab two burn log and virtually throw the campfire at the soldier . shot be fire -- Soldiers scatter as Love 's horse rear back . Jack grab he pistol , shoot a soldier . joaquin dive for he sword . he run a soldier through -- a soldier reload he breech - loader from a cartridge pouch . alejandro shove a burn log at the pouch , igniting it . he push the soldier into two other -- ? the cartridge explode , take all three out -- alejandro scatter ! he grab one of the soldier ' sword . the outlaw run . shot follow they -- love you two -- secure the strongbox ! the rest -- after they ! he spur he horse after joaquin , the soldier follow -- 28 . ext . wood - various - night 25 B on alejandro : who head uphill . he break into a clear , where a armed soldier turn and see he . alejandro brandish he sword with a flourish . ? the armed soldier grin , pull he pistol . ? alejandro look distress at the sight of the gun . he flinch , raise he sword as the shot be fire -- the SOUND of bullet hit steel . alejandro look : he sword be break . but he be okay . he grin -- now the armed soldier look distress . he try to re-load he pistol -- alejandro hurl the sword hilt at he , hit he in the head . he grab the soldier 's lantern , take off . a rider and a soldier on foot turn and look : alejandro 's lantern bob in and among the tree . they follow . +0n joaquin : run down a rock -cover slope into a spill of 25c '' moonlight . he pull up short : a deadfall block he way . he unsheathes he sword , turn . a shot ricochet nearby ; he dive for cover . another shot kick rock chip into he face . +0n jack : who be chase along the shore . one soldier brace he 25d rifle on a piece of driftwood . fire -- ? Jack crumple , shot in the leg . Soldiers converge . on alejandro : who come to the edge of a steep hill . he see joaquin below on the rocky slope . sound of pursuit near . the Rider gesture ; they split up . the soldier creep toward the bob lantern . he step around a tree , pistol levele . the lantern hang from a bob tree branch . soldier it 's a damned trick -- he turn -- too late ; alejandro hit he hard , knock he out . grab the pistol and rifle , extinguish the lantern . on joaquin : pin by rifle fire . one soldier move closer -- and have a clear shot at joaquin . he draw a bead -- ?-- and a shot kill he -- on alejandro : who look up from the sight of he steal rifle , smile . on joaquin : as another soldier charge forward , bayonet at ready . joaquin parry the thrust -- but the bayonet impale he in the thigh . he cry out , club the man down . Love rein up . ? joaquin stand there , sword draw , wait . ? Love smile . draw the heavy saber from its scabbard . ( continued ) 29 . continued : 25d ? joaquin do not like the look of this . he dodge leave , but he leg betray he -- ? Love 's horse sidestep in half - pass , cut he off . ? joaquin try again -- ? Love back the horse up , its body block joaquin off . he 's play with he , a cat with a mouse . Love swing he saber at joaquin , who barely parry in time , the heavy blade knock he off- balance . he fall backward . Love advance . the horse rear , draw its front leg in -- a levade . it kick out with its front leg , smashes joaquin 's sword from he grasp . it land in the deadfall , out of sight . love you be not worthy of that blade , murietta . Love 's face give no hope of mercy . joaquin gamble : he feint , then dive , roll beneath the horse , come up on the other side -- Love 's buckskin pirouettes , the spin give impetus to Love 's blade , slice through the air , toward joaquin 's neck -- -- and suddenly the medallion be sailing free . ? it land in a crevice , stain by joaquin 's blood . on alejandro : he eye wide in shock . alejandro joaquin ! joaquin ! furious , he break from he hide place , toward Love -- alejandro damn you , you bastard ! damn you ! he fire the pistol -- ? Love do not flinch . the bullet barely miss he , hit a tree behind he . he draw a handkerchief from he sleeve , wipe he blade , he eye never leave alejandro . alejandro I will kill you ! several mount soldier join Love . Jack , still alive , be sling over the saddle of one . alejandro pull up short . ? the soldier take aim -- alejandro leap for the Rider who be hunt he , knock he off he horse . swing across the saddle in a trick -ride mount . he rein the horse around , stare down at Love . alejandro I will see you dead , Love ! ( continued ) 30 . continued : 25d rifle FIRE tear up the tree beside alejandro . he wheel the horse disappear into the wood . on love : as he gesture for he soldier to pursue . love go , capture he . ( to one soldier ) you -- bring this one 's body . ( sharp ) and take special care with the head ! ext . BAY - beach - morning 26 montero 's ship lie at anchor . longboat row toward shore . the beach be undevelop -- no building or dock -- but full of activity : vaquero stack cure cattle hide . trappers , trader , set out they ware . a small knot of caballeros wait , away from the other . they be powerful don , dress in they silver - trim finery . the first longboat hit the beach . montero step out of it . don luiz , elderly now , one eye milky with cataract step forward . he carry a dark wood alcalde 's cane . don luiz ( loudly ) the viceroy be return ! some cheer from the gather people on the beach , and a number of frown . but the cabelleros applaud , step forward . among they : don hector , who resemble a bulldog . don aguilar , a bow-legge dandy . hector welcome back to California , Don montero . montero Don hector ... it 's be a long time Don aguilar ... Don Ramon ( smile warmly ) luiz . don luiz rafaél . they embrace . montero you look comfortable hold the alcalde 's cane , Don luiz . ( continued ) 31 . continued : 26 Don luiz regards the silver - handle cane in he hand . it be distinctive -- polished , but still retain the natural twist and curve of the wood . don luiz the alcalde 's job be difficult -- but it do seem to suit I bystander ( a little too loudly ) ha -- the alcalde 's as crooked as he cane ! Don luiz spot he , raise he cane angrily -- don luiz how dare you -- montero wait , Don luiz . ( to the bystander ) you be unhappy with the way you be be govern ? the bystander screw up he courage -- and tell the truth . bystander . yes . montero turn , address a trader , draw in listener . montero and you -- you feel ill-serve by you government ? neglected ? trader except at tax time . montero ( laugh ) of course . tell I , Don luiz -- be you carry out the edict of Mexico ? luiz as best I can -- montero play to the crowd , a impromptu stump speech . montero that 's the problem ! you be be rule by a government in absentia . you have no representation . no voice in you own future there be nod , murmur of agreement . one man be not smile as he push through the crowd -- ( continued ) 32 . continued : diego . he stare fiercely at montero , murder in he eye . he move toward the front . he still use he make- shift cane . montero ( cont 'd ) that 's what lead to the formation of the Republic of Texas ! the Republic of New Mexico ! perhaps it be time for californio to take the rein of the destiny of California ! the crowd begin to buzz about the idea . with a smile , montero move on , surround by the don . hector it 's a heady idea , be not it ? a independent California ... don luiz be General Santa Anna willing to listen to we proposal ? montero Santa Anna will listen to anything , as long as it end with the sound of change in he pocket . ( it 's great news ) he have agree to we proposal . the don be happily surprised . montero ( cont 'd ) he will be arrive at the end of the month . don luiz my God ... that 's wonderful . wonderful news . hector you be a miracle worker , Don montero . montero glance down the beach -- Captain Love ride toward they at full gallop . a burlap bag hang from he saddle , hold something basketball -size . Love dismount even as the horse be slow . Diego be cut off ; he change course through the crowd , frustrated . Love stride to montero , grasp he hand . ( continued ) 33 . continued : 26 montero Harrison ! I be wonder where you be . love Don montero ! good to see you , sir ! don luiz on you recommendation , Captain Love have take command of the presidio . he have do a excellent job ridding the pueblo of its less desirable element . on diego , move closer . a small motion , and something drop from he sleeve into he hand : a dagger . montero when you write to I of the lawlessness in California , I know it call for a strong hand . Love rest he hand on the burlap bag hang from he saddle . love and a sharp sword . ( humbly ) in fact , I believe it be safe to say that there be nothing and no one to fear in all of California . on diego : who near he target , intent on montero 's back -- elena disembark from a second long boat . as she move up the beach , a scent catch she attention . she investigate , pluck a bloom from a manzanita bush . Diego draw he arm back , the blade glint -- elena ( 0.s. ) Father ! as one , Diego and montero turn -- recognition , shock , fill Diego 's face . smiling , Elena hurry toward they . Diego stare , freeze , as he daughter approach -- diego ( a whisper ) dios mio : -- but then elena_goe past Diego , to montero . Diego follow she with he eye , feel the pain and loss of two decade . ( continued ) 34 . continued : 26 montero gentlemen . allow I to present my daughter , Elena ... hector bow . Don luiz 's expression betray he : he 's startle by the claim . but he accept it , and bow . don luiz I be honore , sefiorita . Diego watch , he heart break . Love take Elena 's hand . they eye meet . love Elena -- you beauty be always welcome . particularly in this barbarous place . montero it would be welcome anywhere . elena Father , please -- he compliment be flatter enough . but thank you for leaping to my defense . ( kiss he cheek ) what would I do without you ? the dagger drop from Diego 's hand . his eye show realization : he can not kill montero . he stumble , fade into the crowd . elena Father , what be this flower ? it smell very familiar . love that 's manzanita . but you must be mistaken about its familiarity . it 's native to California . Elena frown , puzzle . Don luiz usher they all up the beach . don luiz come with I , Don montero . I have have you hacienda prepare for you arrival . Love nearly step on something -- ? the abandon dagger . he pick it up , examine it . glance suspiciously into the crowd . CUT to : 35 . ext . coastline - rocky slope - day 27 the site of joaquin 's death . empty . quiet . alejandro appear exhaust . he tie he horse to the deadfall -- and see joaquin 's sword . stare at it a long moment . dried blood stain the rock where joaquin 's body lay . alejandro kneel beside the spot . a flash of light catch he eye . sunlight glint off of something : the medallion . ? alejandro pick it up -- and can not hold back he tear . alone on the rocky slope , he cry , he body hunch in mourn . + omit 28 + omit 29 ext . town square - cantina - day 30 the cantina be a glorify lean - to , open view to the street and town square . Diego step in , go straight to the plank - and - barrel bar . toss coin down in front of a greasy bartender . diego tequila . the bartender pour . Diego gulp it . gesture for another . the bartender pour . Diego nurse this one . alejandro ( 0.s. ) more whiskey ! alejandro be sit at one of the table . bleary -ey . joaquin 's sword be on the table , wrap in a blanket . the bartender carry a bottle over . alejandro look up . lift he glass , wait . bartender money first . alejandro shrug , dig in he pocket . come up empty . the bartender shake he head in disgust , start to move away . alejandro grab he arm . alejandro how about this ? he display the medallion . the bartender appraise it . bartender Silver ? alejandro ( he 's not sure ) sure . the bartender consider . pour . reaches for the medallion -- ( continued ) 36 . continued : 30 a hand close around it . Diego 's . he take it from alejandro . bartender hey -- Diego hand he some coin . the bartender think about say something , but Diego 's gaze discourage he . he move away . diego where do you get this ? alejandro do not look up . alejandro it be my brother 's . he 's dead . he drink . stare at the sword . alejandro ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ; a vow ) and the man who kill he will die by he sword . Diego regards the young man through narrow eye . he pull back a corner of the blanket , look at the sword . diego you seek revenge . alejandro go away ! alejandro turn he chair away . diego be careful , young man . revenge can have a very high cost . suddenly , alejandro sit bolt upright , stare . Diego follow he gaze -- captain love ride across the square , rein up . dismount . take the bag from he saddle . pause to speak to a soldier . alejandro rise . he grab the sword , walk away from the table without a backward glance . ext . town square - day 31 Diego catch up to alejandro . diego do not be a fool . alejandro shove he aside . grip the sword 's handle . ( continued ) 37 . continued : 31 diego ( cont 'd ) do you even know how to use that thing ? alejandro the pointy end go in the other guy . Diego grab alejandro by the elbow in a come - along hold . alejandro try to shake he off , but can not . Diego twist alejandro 's arm , pull he into a alley -- ext . town square - alley - day 32 Diego swing alejandro against a wall . alejandro what the hell be you do ? diego save you life . alejandro get out of my way . he try to push past Diego . Diego jab he in the chest with he cane , assume a fencer 's stance . diego get through I . alejandro stare at he in disbelief . then shrug , shake the blanket off he sword . swing to knock the cane aside . Diego deceive the blade -- there 's no contact , though Diego barely move . alejandro try again -- again Diego deceive he . angry , alejandro attack , a series of brute-strength slashes . Diego parry with little effort . they disengage ; alejandro look at he with respect . he try a straight thrust -- Diego parry , then envelope alejandro 's blade , disarming he . the sword flip into the air -- ? Diego trip alejandro with he cane , catch the sword -- alejandro find himself flat on he back , sword tip at he throat . he stare up at Diego , amaze . diego deception , parry , envelopment . ( press the tip into alejandro 's throat ) would you care to see a thrust ? alejandro ( swallow ) no , please . ( continued ) 38 . continued : 32 Diego drop to a knee beside alejandro . diego you want to kill that man ? I can teach you . alejandro narrow he eye , peer at the old man . alejandro a bargain have two side ... what 's mine ? diego if you prove yourself a apt enough pupil , I may have need of you . but until then -- no more question , unless they concern the sword . understood ? alejandro consider . decide . alejandro if it mean I will be able to kill that bastard ... anything . Diego nod , then haul alejandro to he foot . Diego extend the sword to alejandro . diego a fine weapon . it should be better care for . alejandro ( he will do anything ) I will clean it . Diego nod , satisfied . diego come along . alejandro where be we go ? diego that 's a question . he move away . pause . take the medallion from he pocket . diego ( cont 'd ) here . take better care of this , too . he toss it back to alejandro , who catch it . hold it fora moment . then slip it around he neck , follow diego. 39 . + omit 33 + omit 34 ext . secret cave - night 35 Diego disappear behind the waterfall . alejandro give it a wary once - over , then follow . int . secret cave - night 36 a short passage give way to a huge cave . lit by moonlight through the waterfall , it have a strange , otherworldly look . a torch flare to life , light by Diego . alejandro gasp . Diego stand on a forty - by-forty marble dais in the middle of the cave . alejandro mount the step , stare in awe . the dais ' surface be inlaid with a intricate design : several circle within a large circle , with various line of radii intersect . it be the same design as on the medallion , although the one on the floor be more complex . alejandro lift the medallion from inside he shirt . the two design match , although the one on the floor be more complex . alejandro be you ... Zorro ? diego I tell you -- no question . alejandro survey the cave . there be a cot and meager supplies . there be a rack of sword , a grind wheel , a armorer 's bench . Zorro 's saddle , partly restore . alejandro what be this place ? what be we do here ? diego I can tell you be go to be a obedient student . ( he consider , sigh ) when you be a child , rafaél montero be the viceroy of California . do you remember ? alejandro yes . diego he have return . that can only mean ill for the people of California . alejandro how much worse can it get ? ( continued ) continued : 40 . 36 diego montero count among he confidant the alcalde , Don luiz -- and Captain Harrison Love . ( beat ) much worse . alejandro and you be go to do ... what ? diego we . we will find out what have prompt he return . we will discover the truth . and we will stop he . alejandro ( sure of it now ) you be Zorro . diego no . I be just a old man . ( sharp ) now , get up here ! alejandro start at the command -- but obey . Diego take alejandro ' alejandro 's sword , use it as a pointer . diego this be the training circle of the Spanish sword School , as prescribe by the master carranza and narvaez . this circle be you world , you very life . whatever occur within this circle be crucial to you existence . outside of it ( beat ) there be nothing outside of it . alejandro but Love be -- diego there be nothing outside of it . as you mastery of the sword increase , you circle expands -- you world become larger . be a bit skeptical -- but do not care . alejandro when do we begin ? diego we have begin . ( continued ) 41 . continued : 36 alejandro reach for he sword . Diego hold it away . diego what be you do ? alejandro if I be go to learn swordplay , I be go to need a sword . Diego stare at he . shrug . hand he the sword . diego very well . show I a lunge . alejandro comply . badly . his front foot be too far forward . Diego whack it with he cane . diego too wide ... move you foot back . alejandro drag the foot back , he heel squeaking on the floor . unsatisfied , Diego whack it again . alejandro drag it back a bit more . Diego nod . diego turn you knee out . out ! ( he whacks the knee ) straighten up -- ( whacks he side ) I want a lunge , not a remise . he walk around alejandro , inspect . and then Diego reach out with he cane and tap alejandro lightly in the chest . alejandro can not hold the lunge . almost in slow motion , he topple . the sword clatter across the floor . Diego pick it up . look down at alejandro . diego I will keep this until you need it . int . secret cave - various 37 alejandro stand with he foot on two parallel line . Diego snap he finger , cue alejandro 's advance and retreat . Diego stop . point . alejandro 's stance be now too wide . he return he foot to the line . Diego resume snap . alejandro exercise : lunge from a squat , return , again . Diego work on the sword at the foot-operate grind wheel . alejandro stop . rub he sore thigh . Diego stop grind -- but do not turn . no matter . alejandro resume the drill . Diego resume grind . close on : Diego and alejandro , stare grimly at one another , circle slowly , as if lock in duel corps a corps . a wide shot reveal the two man embrace , dance along the radii . ( continued ) 42. continued : 37 the footwork drill again , but now Diego snap a whip at alejandro 's foot , prompt he advance and retreat . Diego stop , point . again , alejandro 's stance be too wide . alejandro advance and retreat . a length of cord now bind he foot , keep he stance correct . Diego crack the whip . follow a radius , alejandro retreat ; on a circle , he turn , execute a fleche , advance ; on another circle , turn , execute a balestra . stop . a quick , silent prayer -- and look at he foot . his stance be perfect . he grin . Diego whack he with he cane . diego never look at you foot . do not think about you foot . alejandro you seem pretty occupy with they . Diego ignore the barb . he hold the spadroon out . diego let 's see if you be ready for the sword . alejandro take it , examine it in wonderment . Diego have clean up the sword , sharpen it . it shine . ? alejandro practice a few swipe . diego no , no , no . not like that ! he try to reposition alejandro 's hand on the hilt . diego do not hold it too loosely -- but do not crush it , either . hold it -- hold it the way you would hold a woman . alejandro try to adjust he grip . give Diego a sidelong glance . he 's not get it . Diego watch he fumble . diego ( exasperate ) hold it the way you would hold yourself . alejandro immediately grip the sword correctly . ( continued ) 43. continued : 37 diego ( not surprised ) perfect . ( beat ) and now , we begin with the parry primero . it evolve naturally from unsheathe the sword he demonstrate with he cane . alejandro attempt it -- wrong -- and get whacked for he trouble . Diego shake he head . diego this will take a lot of work . ext . estate - day 38 montero 's hacienda . huge , palatial . Bell tower rise above fountain and archway , surround by manicure garden . int . / ext . estate - courtyard - day 39 montero and Don luiz walk through a grand tile courtyard . stair lead to a overhange gallery . on one wall , painter fill in the rough outline of a map of North America . a huge round table dominate the courtyard . a woodworker carve a design into the tabletop : a stylize bull and bear . don luiz every cabellero in California have agree to attend the junta . and the governor , as well . ( fishing ) do the house meet with you approval ..? [ montero yes -- if the work be do on time . I would prefer not to include laborer on the guest list -- ] through a archway , montero spy Elena , on horseback , riding at full gallop . he smile -- but it become a look of dismay . she ride astride the horse , rather than sidesaddle . montero elena ! the joy drain out of she face . she rein the horse up . montero stride toward she , Don luiz trail . montero ( cont 'd ) that be not a proper way for a lady to ride . ( continued ) 44 . continued : 39 elena yes , Father . montero if you do not care about my feeling , at least have the courtesy not to offend Don luiz . elena I be sorry . my apology , Don luiz . montero glare at she sternly . she turn so she sit sidesaddle , adjust she skirt primly . montero nod . she urge the horse forward in a sedate trot . don luiz a daughter can be try at time . montero they be woman , after all . ( a sigh ) I keep hope she will find a suitable husband : don luiz perhaps Captain Love ? montero Captain Love have he merit , but : truth be tell , I would prefer she meet a more culture Spanish gentleman . ext . town square - side alley - day 40 on alejandro , slump in the back of small mule - draw wagon . hat low on he face . clean -shaven now . even so , he 's clearly not a gentleman . around the corner there be a commotion : man yell , the whinny of a high -spirite horse . love ( 0.s. ) be careful , you idiot ! that get alejandro 's attention . he leap from the wagon , go to investigate . ext . town square - day 41 Three Indians be wrangle a horse : a huge black stallion . it rear and buck . they can barely hang onto the riatas around the horse 's neck . alejandro stay in the shadow . Love and corporal Lopez watch the Indians . ( continued ) 45 . continued : 41 love they know nothing about handle a horse . be you sure they be Indians ? ( Lopez shrug ) apaches . now , they know horse . fierce warrior , too . too bad there be not any apaches in California . LOPEZ ( he do not mind ) yes , sir . a real shame . Love shake he head , stride away -- toward alejandro . alejandro 's fist clench -- he 's ready to get he revenge right now . diego ( from behind ) I tell you to wait in the wagon . alejandro look back at he . Love pass without a glance at the pair . diego have not you learn anything ? if he would spot you -- alejandro he do not even look at I . diego good thing , too . you would be reunite with you brother if he have . alejandro he will not recognize I -- without my beard -- diego the beard have nothing to do with it . it 's you anger . you hatred . it mark you as a enemy . alejandro do not want to hear it . Diego be insistent . diego ( cont 'd ) you can never give anything away . show you opponent only what you want they to see . alejandro Hell . I want he to see hell . ( continued ) 46 . continued : 41 Diego grab alejandro 's shoulder , turn he toward the square , where the Indians wrestle with the horse . diego look at that horse . at its eye . you eye be like that -- fiery , violent . you can not let you eye betray you . ever . alejandro nod impatiently -- he 's get it . he watch the horse . corporal Lopez snap a whip at the Indians . LOPEZ take it to the cuartel ! I will break it myself . alejandro a magnificent animal . ( bait Diego ) he look like Zorro 's horse , do not he ? maybe he bloodline ? diego ( can not help but smile ) if the storey of tornado be true , there be probably whole herd of black horse out there . Diego walk away . alejandro move to follow -- and something catch he eye : a peddler 's stand , with a display of brightly color silk cloth . but alejandro be only interested in one thing : a black scarf . ext . cuartel - night 42 a military barrack / stable / corral . light in the barrack window . [ a shadowy figure move toward the cuartel . suddenly , the figure whirl , freeze : a rider bear down on he -- the rider rein up short : elena . she be shocked . before she be : alejandro . in he version of the zorro outfit . strike . they stand there , stare at each other . a palpable electricity . ? and then he smile . it startles she . Zorro lift a finger to he lip : ' shhh . ' ? Elena narrow she eye , unsure . her horse whinny , shuffles nervously . Zorro catch its bridle -- and make the ' shhh ' gesture to the horse as well . ? Elena can not help but smile at that . ( continued ) 47 . continued : 42 Zorro grin up at Elena . zorro be careful , sefiorita . there be dangerous man about . he tip he hat . then slip into the darkness . Elena watch he go ... and toy with the neckline of she dress , a little warm . she catch herself do it . she feel ashamed . angry with herself , she urge she horse forward -- -- toward the small mission that stand across the square , the church door open . ] int . stable - night 43 [ in a stall be the three Indians from the town square , chain to the stable wall . they look scared , defeat . the stable door creak open -- and Zorro slip in . old indian a bandit break into jail ? indian 2 what more could they steal from we ? old indian the night ghost have return ! Zorro be here to save we ! Zorro see they predicament , shake he head . zorro sorry -- I be just here for a horse . he spot the black stallion . Zorro take bridle and rein from a peg on the wall , enter the horse 's stall . the horse be finicky , but Zorro murmur to he , fit the rein over he head . spy a saddle throw over the stable wall . old indian please , sefior . they be go to make we disaparecidos . indian 2 he 's not Zorro . he 's just a horse thief . Zorro saddle the horse , talk softly in he ear . lead he from the stall . then he try to mount . the horse explode , buck wildly -- ( continued ) 48 . continued : 43 several stall be smashed open , horse run out . the black horse leap out the door . Zorro 's head hit the frame . ] ext . cuartel - night 44 the horse buck violently . incredibly , Zorro hang on . the horse be search for a exit . too much fence . he see the light window of the cuartel . head for they . zorro whoa ! whoa ! int . cuartel - night 45 corporal Lopez cock and uncock a pistol and swig tequila as a soldier bandage Lopez 's bleed leg . corporal LOPEZ I be go to kill that horse . soldier what will you tell Captain Love ? corporal LOPEZ the truth -- it hurt a leg . it have to be shot . he hear a noise , tilt he head , listen . ? suddenly the horse crash through the window , take a good part of the wall with it . pandemonium as soldier scurry for safety -- Zorro 's head crack against the roof beam as the horse buck . it spin , knock table and chair into soldier -- ? Lopez dive beneath a bunk -- Zorro finally fly off , land face - to- face with a strong BOX -- the one the muriettas previously steal . the lid 's ajar ; the gold ingot be visible . [ Zorro 's eye go wide . he grab a few ingot , stuff they into he pocket . he want more . he glance around -- spot a lariat . loops it a few time around the strong box -- a shot ring off the box . Soldiers move toward Zorro -- Zorro grab pistol from rack on the wall , firing and drop they with lightning speed , even as he tie the rope off on the horse 's saddle horn . Zorro leap on -- the horse start bucking again . it rear and spin -- and get catch between two support beam . behind they , a soldier raise a pistol -- ( continued ) 49 . continued : 45 Zorro see he , draw he sword , but can not reach the soldier . the horse see he , too -- ? -- and kick , smash the soldier backwards . the horse twist , crack the support beam , freeing itself . the beam creak -- and then give way -- ] + omit 46 + omit 47 ext . cuartel - night 48 [ -- the building be collapsing around they as Zorro and the horse leap out the door -- -- which be too low . Zorro be knock backward off the horse . he roll to he foot in time to see -- the horse , gallop away , drag the strongbox behind he . zorro wait ! come back ! he glance back : soldier pick they way out of the debris as break lantern set it afire . they spot he . he run --] ext . town square - night 48a [ Zorro spot the open church door . sprint for it -- ] int . church - vestibule - night 48b [ Zorro step inside . fray felipe appear behind he , startling he . felipe what may I do for you -- Zorro grab he , put a hand over he mouth . felipe struggle -- than see he assailant clearly for the first time . zorro do not yell . I seek sanctuary . he remove he hand . felipe be not angry ; far from it . felipe if that mask mean what it use to -- there 's no need to even ask . come . he pull shut the outer door , bar they . ( continued ) 50 . continued : 48b felipe ( cont 'd ) although I must say -- the year seem to have be far kinder to you than they have be to I . ] int . church - chapel - night 48c [ a modest chapel . pews , altar , crucifix . felipe I will try to send you pursuer off chase phantom . zorro they may not like that . felipe the Lord will grant we shelter from adversity . from outside come the sound of pursuit . bang on the exterior door . felipe ( cont 'd ) but a good hide place can not hurt . he exit hurriedly , shut the chapel door behind he . Zorro glance around the chapel . spot -- the confessional . it 's a cloth -roofed floor - to - ceiling job that almost reach the choir loft . Zorro slip into the father - confessor 's side . he sigh , lean he head back -- ] int . confessional - night 48d [ intercut when necessary between Zorro and Elena . elena ( 0.s. ) padre ? Zorro freeze . he do not answer . elena ( 0.s. ) padre ? Excuse I ? Zorro shrink back , try to hide . she rap on the partition . Zorro have no choice . he slide it back . zorro yes ? elena forgive I , padre , for I have sin . it 's be three day since my last confession . ( continued ) 51 . continued : 48d zorro how many sin could you have commit in three day ? come back at the end of the week . Elena 's a little puzzle . elena Excuse I ? Zorro peer through the screen at she -- and catch he breath the screen and shadow restrict he view . he can see only she eye -- large and lovely -- but he know who she be . zorro I mean ... tell I you sin . elena I have break the fourth commandment . zorro you , ah ... ( a wild guess ) steal something ? elena no -- I dishonor my father -- zorro oh , the fourth commandment . I think you say , um ... a different one . elena I try to behave properly -- the way my father want I to . but I be afraid : ( she be ashamed ) my heart be too wild . that get he attention . zorro please . go on . elena when I be young , I seek out the company of gypsy ... I learn to hunt -- and fence -- ( defiant ) and I hate to ride sidesaddle ! ( this be the hardest ) and , just now , I see -- there be a man . ( continued ) 52 . continued : 48d she 's shift behind the screen -- now only she lip be visible . she smile excitedly . elena ( cont 'd ) I think he be a bandit . zorro really ? Black mask , that sort of thing ? elena yes . and he look at I -- I mean , when I look at he ... padre , I feel like I be on fire . I feel ( downcast now ) improper . Zorro be happily astonished -- and know how she feel . zorro you feel like the ocean be roaring in you ear . elena yes -- exactly -- zorro like you could not draw a breath . elena yes he lean forward , he forehead against the screen . zorro and you wonder how that face would look laugh ... or sleep ... or bath in the soft glow of moonlight . elena ( a whisper ) yes ... ( suddenly aware of what 's be say ) who be you ? there be a commotion outside the chapel door . love ( 0.s. ) believe I , priest -- if you be shelter this ' Zorro ' , it will not go well for you . Zorro realize he 's get trouble . he draw he sword . ( continued ) 53. continued : 48d zorro ( quickly ) sefiorita , you have do nothing wrong . you heart will lead you properly . now -- go . ] int . church - chapel - night 48e [ the chapel door bang open . Love , with a company of soldier march in , felipe hurry alongside . felipe this be God 's house -- I will not stand for you to come in here -- love ( warning ) ' to subvert a man in he cause , the Lord approveth not . ' lamentation 3:36 . Elena step out of the confessional . elena Captain Love -- I think I hear you voice . love Elena ! what be you do here ? elena confess ? love to whom ? the priest be here . ( to confessional ) step out ! immediately ! the confessional door stay resolutely shut . Love draw he pistol fire into the door of the confessor 's side . love ( nonchalantly ) open fire . the soldier empty they rifle into the confessor 's booth , the cacophony of gunshot echoing in the chapel . silence . smoke hang in candlelight . the confessor 's door creak open . it be empty . Love peer inside , up -- there 's a rag hole in the ceiling of the confessional . love search the chapel and the loft -- and the rectory ! find he ! ( more ) ( continued ) 54 . continued : 48e love ( cont would ) ( to felipe ) I will deal with you later . ] ext . town square - chapel roof - night 48f [ Zorro 's hurry to the roof 's edge , search for a escape route - in the alley , the horse munch scrub grass . the strong box rope be still tie to he saddle . zorro psst ! horse ! come here ! the horse keep munch . zorro hey ! get over here ! nothing . frustrate , Zorro let out a whistle -- the horse 's head jerk up . Zorro gape as the horse trot over to below he . he jump from the roof into the saddle . the horse leap forward -- but Zorro get he under control . he ride from the alley -- ] ext . cuartel - night 48g [ Zorro rein up near the cuartel -- he be dismay at the extent of he handiwork . the cuartel be a ruin , part of it burn ; the stable be wreck ; the horse run free . ? Zorro pat the horse gently on the neck . zorro we make a excellent team . the indian hurry past he . old indian thank you -- I know you would not let we down . zorro think nothing of it . a final wall fall over . Lopez , still beneath the bunk , realize he be expose . he look up at Zorro . corporal LOPEZ who -- who be you ? Zorro can not resist . he draw he sword . Lopez flinch . with a fluid stroke , Zorro carve a_ 'Z ' on a adobe wall . he look at Lopez expectantly . Lopez examine the ' Z ' , puzzle . ( continued ) 55 . continued : 48g corporal LOPEZ I be sorry -- I can not read . zorro ( exasperate ) it 's a ' Z ' -- for Zorro ! he spur the horse . zorro ( cont 'd ) vamanos -- ( he name the horse ) tornado ! vamanos ! Love and he soldier reach the church door , Elena and felipe trail they , just in time to see -- zorro gallop past , strong box drag behind he . Love gape after he . then -- love dammit -- round up that horse and get after he ! he and the soldier hurry down the step . Elena and felipe exchange a conspiratorial grin . she move away ; he go inside . ] int . chapel - foyer - night 48h [ the lid of the poor BOX be slightly ajar . curious , felipe move to it , open it -- he stare . inside the BOX be several gold ingot . felipe thank you , Zorro . he lift out a ingot -- then glance heavenward . cross himself . felipe ( cont 'd ) thank you , too . CUT to :] omitted ( 49 - 55 ) 55 int . secret cave - morning 56 Diego pace on the dais . turn at the sound of -- ? zorro , on the black horse , ride into the cave . Diego gasp -- it 's like see a ghost . ( continued ) 56 . continued : 56 diego what the hell be you think ? do I give you permission to go out ? and dress like that -- alejandro strip off he mask , slip off the horse . alejandro I need a horse . diego you be a fool -- [ alejandro yank the rope , drag the strong box into the cave . he snap it open , revealing the gold ingot . ] alejandro I get the horse ! I get the gold ! I get away ! Hell , I even rescue some Indians . Diego look at the gold , genuinely shocked . he pick up several ingot , think . turn to the seethe alejandro . diego good work . alejandro be not expect that . alejandro thank you . diego montero be conven a junta of the don next week . you be go to be there . alejandro and how be you go to make that happen ? I be no don . ( angry ) . I be tired of wait . it will not be a particularly satisfy revenge to watch Love die of old age . I could have kill he tonight . I be ready . diego you be right . alejandro I be ? diego you be no don . he take something from a table -- ( continued ) 57 . continued : 56 diego ( cont 'd ) I have make you a swordsman . now I must make you a gentleman . he hold out something to alejandro : ?a fork . alejandro look at it . stare at Diego . then , resign , he reach out and take the fork , hold it in he fist . diego do not hold it like that . like this . ( manipulate alejandro 's hand ) this will take a lot of work . ext . cuartel - morning 57 montero and Love inspect the still - smolder wreckage of the building . Soldiers round up horse , salvage what they can . [ love the priest aid he . from now on , he will be minister to a whole new flock of lose lamb . ( muse ) how could one man cause so much destruction ? ] montero come upon the ' Z ' slashed into the wall . he freeze , wide with shock and fear . love oh , yes that ... he call himself ' Zorro ' . the fox . ( appraise the ' Z ' ) just a bit ostentatious . montero reach out and touch the ' Z ' , feel the scar clay . he withdraw he hand . it be shaking . he clenches it . montero find he . find the man who do this and kill he . ( at Love ) I want he dead ! Love take a step back from he . Soldiers stare at the outburst . montero unconsciously rub he neck , where the scar of the Z be hide . montero . and ... get that letter off the wall . ( continued ) 58 . continued : 57 he spin and leave . Love glance at the ' Z ' -- then back at montero curiously . ext . estate - day 58 guest arrive , woman in coaches , husband riding beside they , they horse bedeck in decorate tack and saddle . servant trail behind they . groom provide Old World valet parking . the guest move along a carpet of red and yellow flower , to the entrance , where they present they invitation and be greet by montero and Elena . the governor , a sour little man , and he wife arrive . montero Governor ! it 's a honor . pleasant journey , I hope ? governor no thanks to that damned horse . all I want be chair with a very thick cushion -- something be cause a stir at the far end of the carpet . the arrive guest part , allow montero and Elena to see -- alejandro . Don alejandro . wearing silver - trim cabellero finery , astride tornado , also in spectacular tack . dash . ? behind he , Diego arrive on a donkey . alejandro dismount , enjoy the impact he 's make . as they move down the carpet , he and Diego confer surreptitiously . diego remember -- you be the son of bartolo castillo . alejandro there 's no chance he real son will show up , be there ? or dad himself , for that matter . diego no. bartolo have be dead for year . and he and he wife have no child . alejandro stop short . Diego cover the pause by brush alejandro 's jacket . alejandro then how the hell be this go to work ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : 58 diego he do have many mistress . just behave as I have teach you . you will win montero 's confidence . ( nudge alejandro forward ) alejandro great . what about my confidence ? diego stop worry . I be certain that if you want to , you can be one charming bastard . they reach the vestibule . a servant hold out a hand for alejandro 's invitation . he ignore he , stride to montero . alejandro good evening , Don montero . I be Don alejandro castillo y Garcia . alejandro take montero 's hand , dip one knee and incline he head in greeting . montero be surprised -- then beam . montero I have not see that in year -- the formal greeting of the Spanish Court alejandro my late father be a stickler for etiquette . montero and who be you father ? alejandro Don bartolo castillo he hold he hand out imperiously to Diego , who place a land grant document in it . alejandro ( a rote introduction ) my servant , bernardo . ( hand over the document ) I have just arrive from Spain -- by way of Paris , Lisbon and San Francisco . I be inspect my family 's holding . montero ( examine the grant ) considerable holding . and what bring you to my doorstep ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : 58 alejandro my father often speak of California . that it could be a land of opportunity -- for a man of vision . montero and you be a man of vision ? alejandro I be a man in search of vision . montero cock a eyebrow , smile . Diego be pleased and proud of alejandro 's performance . montero News travel far , I see . alejandro yes . but it seem I have interrupt a prior engagement . i'1l call again -- alejandro turn away . Diego catch he eye , dismay . montero please , it would honor I for you to join we . alejandro grin at Diego , turn back . alejandro it would honor I to do so , sir . montero May I present my daughter , Elena . alejandro kiss she hand above the wrist , eye never leave hers . alejandro charme . I be afraid I have bring no gift for the hostess -- oh , wait a moment ! have you see this one ? he perform a magic trick , produce a beautiful rise . that surprise even Diego . Elena be nonpluse , but take it out of courtesy . elena gracias . alejandro nod , stroll toward the ballroom . montero look after he appraisingly , Diego in slack - jaw shock . ( continued ) 61 . continued : 58 alejandro ( 0.s. ) bernardo -- attend I ! Diego shake himself , hurry to catch up to alejandro . diego yes , Don alejandro . right away . Elena start at he voice -- stare after he . more guest arrive , and she must turn she attention to they . but she glance over she shoulder , perplex . + omit 59 + omit 60 int . estate - ballroom - day 61 a fiesta in full swing . people sit at table as they servant bring they food and drink . a orchestra play festive music . couple dance formally . some people cluster in knot , engage in serious discussion . on diego and alejandro : surveying the scene . alejandro hold he glass up . alejandro I need more wine . [ diego you be not here to sample every cask in montero 's cellar . you have get a job to do . ] alejandro I do not really like the wine . I just like order you around . [ he notice Elena approach . alejandro ( cont 'd ) no more back talk ! do as you be tell . diego ( he have no choice ) yes , Don alejandro . again , Elena peer at he briefly as he move away . alejandro good help be so hard to find , do not you think ? good evening again , dofia Elena . elena my father have ask I to invite you to he table . ( continued ) 62. continued : 61 alejandro splendid . he take she arm . she allow it . she lead he to a table , where montero sit with Don luiz , hector and Love , and the Governor . one of that party conversation that drift between seriousness and levity . alejandro and Elena arrive in time to hear : hector he 's not a threat . how could he be ? he would be a old man by now . montero as old as I be , Don hector ? hector stammer . montero and the other laugh . alejandro help Elena into she chair . Love do not like that . montero Don alejandro ! join we ! ( make introduction ) Don luiz , Don hector , the Governor . and this be Captain Love . Captain Love be in command of the presidio . alejandro please to meet you , Captain . strange for a american to command a mexican presidio . love this be strange day we live in , sir . alejandro Sir ! I like that . the manners be the only thing I have ever admire about the military . I have no taste for it otherwise . love we loss . ( return to the topic ) as I be go to say -- this may not even be the same man . after all , a mask never age . alejandro ah -- we be discuss the theater . a comedia de capa y espada , perhaps ? don luiz no . we be discuss Zorro . ( continued ) 63. continued : 61 alejandro really . fox-hunt , eh? all that noisy dog -- love ( smirk ) this be a man who call himself Zorro . don luiz twenty year ago , he help agitate the peasant to revolt against Spain . alejandro look down at he table set -- ? it be a vast array . he be bewilder . consider it all , he reach for a piece of bread , draw the butter closer hector maybe he will convince they to help we throw off Mexico . alejandro 's hand hover over several different knife , without a clue as to which be which . montero and then he would just set they against they new ruler . he be a anarchist -- nothing more . alejandro give up ; he push away the butter and bite into the roll , resign to munch it dry . elena I wonder ... would the people embrace Zorro if there be not a need for he ? there 's a slight awkwardness . woman should be see , not hear . montero Elena elena ( ignore the rebuke ) some of the servant seem ... well , jubilant about he return . montero I will dismiss they immediately . ( laughter ) Diego have return with alejandro 's wine . he stand behind alejandro 's chair -- ( continued ) 64 . continued : 61 elena they believe Zorro be one of they own . that he 's they protector . alejandro look up sharply . he 's never consider that . Diego also look at Elena -- but then look away . love Fairy tale ... to be expect when you talk to people beneath you station . Diego set the wine in front of alejandro . alejandro jostle he arm , spilling the wine on he table set . alejandro you idiot ! clean this and return they to they place ! ( to the table ) Excuse he alejandro shoot Diego a plea with he eye . Diego realize what alejandro be ask for . he wipe the silverware with a napkin , return they to they place . diego the butter knife at the top . the soup spoon , here . salad fork , here ; bread knife ; entrée fork ; desert fork the conversation continue over he . the Governor weigh in , readjust the big , soft cushion under he as he speak . governor I believe that that who govern must always hold themselves above the people they rule . so as to determine what 's best for they . elena I be not so sure . there 's something to the idea that people can govern themselves . she 's go too far . the man do not know what to say . montero 's embarrassed . he chuckle , try to cover the faux pas . montero a woman 's grasp of politics . what can I say ? Diego rights the wine glass , whisper in alejandro 's ear ( continued ) 65 . continued : 61 diego ( sotto ) and the napkin go in you lap , not tuck in the front of you shirt . alejandro give he a angry glance , shoos he away . elena what do you think , Don alejandro ? be the people capable of guide they own life ? alejandro 's on the spot . he consider he answer . alejandro I think ... that sheep will always need shepherd . Elena scowl at he . alejandro pick up he soup spoon -- actually give it a happy glance -- and begin to eat . don luiz well speak . governor absolutely . montero appraise the young man , smile . Love do not like it . love enough of this . we be at a party . Elena -- would you care to dance ? he offer she he arm . Elena give alejandro a final glare . elena yes. absolutely . she put she hand on he arm -- but montero remove it . montero I be sorry , darling , but I need a few moment of Captain Love 's time . perhaps ... ( to alejandro ) Don alejandro , would you indulge my daughter ? alejandro be enjoy the soup . one last sip -- alejandro I would be delighted . ] she consider a protest -- but alejandro , quite pleased , be already lead she away . Love stare dagger . ( continued ) 66 . continued : 61 don luiz a impressive young man . montero yes . we should include he in the junta . love can we trust he ? we know nothing about he . he 's only just arrive in California -- montero and that just mean he 's a gachupin . like I . more importantly -- he be a Spaniard . ( point ) one of we . Love set he jaw , say nothing on alejandro and elena : as she grudgingly allow he to lead she to a spot among the waltzing couple . [ alejandro give I a chance , sefiorita . I be not as bad as you think . I could have just as easily say music need note or pig need slop . ] elena what do that mean ? alejandro ( spread he hand ) I have no idea . ( smile ) shall we ? he open he arm to she . a moment , and then she accept . they begin to waltz . on montero -- who be leave the ballroom , Don luiz in tow . montero glance once back at alejandro and Elena , smile -- and then exit . Diego , watch he darkly , follow . int . estate - hallway - day 62 the music be softer , distant . Diego move down the empty hallway . pushes open a heavy wood door . glance in -- 67 . int . estate - study - day 63 book , empty chair , a table . on the wall be a portrait of montero and a ten-year - old Elena . he can barely stand to look at it . he pull the door close , start up the hall -- int . estate - hallway - day 64 sound of footstep , approach . Diego reverse direction smoothly , duck back into the study -- int . estate - study - day 65 -- and pull up short . stand in the previously empty study be montero and Don luiz , look down , examine a map . don luiz if Santa Anna ever learn the truth - montero ( angry , at Diego ) what do you want ? Diego gape . where do they come from ? but he watch as Don luiz fold the map protectively , put it in a oilskin pouch . diego I , uh ... the kitchen . for more morcilla -- Diego 's eye sweep the room . no other door or window . montero it 's on the other side of the dining hall . go. diego muchas gracias , sefior . Diego bow , and back away . int . estate - ballroom - day 66 alejandro and Elena waltz together beautifully . the song end . Light applause from the dancer . the orchestra begin a fandango . Elena turn away . he catch she arm . [ alejandro it would be a shame to quit now . we seem to be in step , Elena . elena footwork and spirit be not the same thing . ] alejandro do that mean you be afraid you can not keep up ? ( continued ) 68. continued : 66 he strike a stance -- throw down the gauntlet . a moment consideration , and then she take up the challenge . this dance be much hotter than the first . alejandro dip Elena , pull she close . she gasp at the contact -- then return it , sensually . they become more bold , more erotic , with complete disregard for the other dancer . the other dancer step aside , leave the floor to alejandro and Elena . Love look on in disgust . Diego come back into the ballroom -- and stop short . he see the way alejandro be dance with he daughter -- and do not like it . montero and Don luiz come in behind he -- and montero also stop short . he 's not too happy at what he see , either . montero and Diego wear the exact same expression : that of a protective father . don luiz shock . both montero and Diego snap a look at he . then montero push Diego aside , move toward the couple . a crescendo ; the dance end with they tightly embrace , breathe hard , barely within decorum . alejandro you see , Elena ? we be not so different . not at heart . elena so now you know my secret . you can keep a secret , can not you ? alejandro I be get better at it . he spot montero come he way . he disengage from Elena immediately , become the height of propriety . alejandro thank you for the dance , sefiorita . she 's surprised at he change in behavior . he turn -- and run into montero , feign surprise . alejandro ( cont 'd ) Don montero ! you startle I -- need to catch my breath . you daughter be avery -- spirite -- dancer . montero 's anger -- at alejandro , at least -- subside . ( continued ) 69 . continued : 66 montero she do have a problem with boundary at time . Elena 's eye blaze . she can not believe that alejandro be foisting the blame onto she -- and montero be buy it . she shove alejandro aside , stride from the floor . montero I apologize if you be offended . alejandro completely unnecessary , sir . montero accept the absolve gratefully . he clap a hand on alejandro 's shoulder . montero Don alejandro , join we in the courtyard . there 's something I want to share with you . alejandro what ? montero a vision . alejandro cock he head -- then smile . int . / ext . estate - courtyard - sunset 67 angle - from above , look down on the huge round wooden table , the bull and bear carve beautifully into its surface . Select don take seat of honor around the table . other don , alejandro among they , stand in the torchlit courtyard . montero stand beneath the mural , hide by a curtain . montero [ Governor ... fellow don of California . two decade ago , Spain abandon you . ] Left you strand in a sea of barbarism , as surely as if California be the island for which it be name . ( fondly ) but we can recall the golden year of —l camino Real . the fiestas , the bull and bear fight . mule weight with cask of mescal from baja ! ( slam he fist on the table ) and we be the master ! not mexican peasant ! us. ( more ) ( continued ) 70 . continued : 67 montero ( cont would ) the cabelleros . the gente de razon . ( with conviction ) it be time . time to exert we mastery . time to claim we birthright . my friend , I give you : montero pull a cord . the curtain drop away -- montero ( cont 'd ) the Republic of California ! unveile be the complete map of North America -- show the new country of california . applause and cheer . montero ( cont 'd ) once again , we will be the silver don . the lord of New iberia ! some of the young don cry ' Viva montero ! ' and ' Viva California ! alejandro draw a breath -- this be unbelievable . don peralta rise shakily . White -haire , refine , the oldest -- and most respected -- man in the room . don peralta the old Spanish way be already be lose . and the United States . we have long fear its westward expansion . they be a nation of slavery . they will suppress the holy Catholic faith . ( nod ) Don montero 's plan be we only course . the don applaud as peralta settles back into he chair . don cota , a severely - dress reactionary , reproach montero . don cota be you propose revolution ? have you forget how Santa Anna react to Texas independence ? ( tick they off ) the massacre at San Antonio de Bexar . the massacre at goliad -- Love step forward . love ( off cota 's rhythm ) -- the massacre at San jancinto . but wait -- there be something different about that one . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . continued : 67 love ( cont would ) ( snap he finger ) that 's right ! Texas win . we route the mexican Army and capture Santa Anna himself . cry of approval at this . montero hold up he hand . montero talk of revolution and massacre be unnecessary . we secession will be a bloodless one . gentlemen -- we be go to buy California from Mexico . the don react to this with murmur of surprise . int . estate - hallway - evening 67a [ Diego eavesdrop outside the door to the courtyard . he be startle by Elena , who come up behind he . elena bernardo ? diego sefiorita -- I he trail off , face - to - face with she alone for the first time . she look at he , concerned . elena what 's wrong , bernardo ? you look as though you have see a ghost . Diego lower he head , assume a subservient role -- but also avoid meeting she eye . diego I be sorry , sefiorita -- I must ... I have to go . he hurry away , down the hall . Elena watch he go , curious about he reaction . ] int . / ext . estate - courtyard - evening 67b torch now light the courtyard . Don cota still be not satisfied . montero Mexico owe fifteen million pound to England . they have debt to Spain , to France ( continued ) 72 . continued : 67b don cota I find it hard to believe General Santa Anna will accept any offer for California . montero ( smile ) Santa Anna have already accept . he arrive in two day time to sign the treaty , and take delivery of he payment . another don , don inez , call out . don inez and what be we pay he with ? I see no crate of gold unload on the beach when you arrive , Don montero. ( warning ) and Santa Anna be not a man who care for i.0.u.s . alejandro except for the one he write himself , of course . laughter from the room . one don thump alejandro on the back . montero quite right , Don alejandro . some of you have apprehension -- understandably . ( consider a idea ) very well . we will select a representative party . meet I here tomorrow at dawn , and I will lay all you doubt to rest . don luiz ( sotto ) be this wise ? montero ( wave he off ) Don inez , of course ... Don cota Don peralta , Don aguilar Governor his eye fall on alejandro , who spread he hand in a ' how about I ? ' gesture . montero and Don alejandro -- would you like to join we ? ( continued ) 73. continued : 67b alejandro it 's why I be here . omitted ( 68-71 ) 71 ext . mountain - canyon - gold strike - day 72 [ angle on : a line of horse - draw coach , come over a rise . Black tarp have be nail over the window . Soldiers drive they ; Love and montero accompany they on horseback . the lead coach stop . montero pull the door open . the Governor be the first out , sweat , blink in the sunlight governor finally ! I do not appreciate this lack of trust , Don montero -- he shut up , look past montero . behind he , the representative party climb out of the coach , just as awed . alejandro be the last out . he stare -- ] below the coaches be a narrow canyon , the location of a busy gold strike . sluice bleed water from a tiny stream , leave the riverbed dry . a series of elaborate wooden platform and scaffoldings have be construct , allow access to mine that delve into the canyon wall . the sluice , quarry , and mine be work by men in chain . Men in chain crush stone . Men in chain cart stone out of the mine , carry it down ladder in sling on they back . Men in chain run the huge smelting pot , and the gold ore lift -- a large pulley - and - counterweight device that lift the gold up out of the valley . alejandro step down from the step , join the other don , stare down , take it all in . montero gentlemen ... this be the mean with which we will realize we dream . alejandro gold . you have discover gold . montero the Indians do , actually -- but they have no idea of its value . 74 . ext . dry riverbed - day 73 Love address the don as they climb down a stairway , onto the floor of the canyon . they pass several chain indian , crush stone into slurry , and run it through sluice . don luiz since the day of Father serra , the savage have trade gold for food and clothing . Don montero always believe we could find the mother lode . love it be just a matter of persuade the savage to help we . alejandro scowl : he can imagine how they be ' persuade . ' don cota how much be there ? a prisoner stir a hopper of hot ember , use in pour gold ingot . he pause , exhaust -- and be clubbed back to work by one of the many guard . love at first we be pick it up off the ground . now it 's a matter of digging and blast . the Governor stare at the worker in chain , they guard . don peralta this people ... this be slavery ! love all this man be law - breaker , sir , sentence to hard labor . alejandro scan the terrain . he notice something , move casually toward it . in the mud be -- a child footprint . tiny beside alejandro 's boot . he look at Love coldly , the mystery of the ' disappear one ' explain . he rub out the print with he boot . alejandro so . this be the future of California . montero exactly ! alejandro look toward the worker -- and he eye widen . one of the worker be stare at he . starve , unshaven , dirty , it take a moment for alejandro to recognize he -- it be three - fingered jack . ( continued ) 75 . continued : 73 montero ( cont 'd ) gentleman -- we Spanish come to the New World search for El dorado ( beat ) and now -- we have find it ! Jack 's eye widen . he have see alejandro . alejandro glance around -- but where can he run ? Jack step toward alejandro . quicken he pace , mouth open to shout something -- soldier ( 0.s. ) FIRE below ! a explosion rock the valley , fire erupting from a tunnel , the blast cover the sound of Jack 's shout -- white SOUND as the blast echoes . to the visitor , Jack be just a wild - eye criminal with a pick , run toward they -- Love smoothly draw he pistol . alejandro move to stop he -- Love fire . blood blossom on Jack 's chest . Jack stumble , still yard away from alejandro . a soldier fire he rifle into Jack 's back -- Jack crawl forward , a arm reach for alejandro -- ? and then he die . normal SOUND fade back in . alejandro stare in horror at Jack 's corpse . he reassert control . his gaze be unreadable . ? the Governor , shake , look to montero for a explanation . montero ( apologetic ) we can not allow any of the prisoner to escape , of course . if word get out that California be a land of gold governor people from all over the world would come montero yes . that must not happen -- not until it be we country . governor ( he 's sell ) of course . don cota I think I underestimate you , Don montero . I be in . we all be . the other cabelleros nod and murmur assent . ( continued ) 76 . continued : 73 montero thank you . ( to alejandro ) and you , my fellow gachupin . what do you think ? alejandro raise a eyebrow . take in the worker , the guard , the dead man lie a few foot away . alejandro why , a man would have to be crazy to protest this . montero smile , slap alejandro 's back . alejandro and the other head back to the ladder that lead up to the coaches . Love examine jack body . glance at he outstretched arm , he hand with only three finger . it point directly at alejandro , now walk away . Love watch alejandro , suspicious now , he frown deepen . ext . mountain - canyon - later 74 the coaches rumble away , out of view , as we drop down to -- the valley floor as the body of Three - fingered Jack be drag through the dirt by guard . past large rock . around a bend . past cage bar set into the ground -- ? -- where a child be stare out , the little girl from the water Station . her father , the owner , pull she back . mine guard everyone -- back to work ! cage door be open , and dozen of other worker be release -- woman , child , old man . they be roughly shove along . follow the body as it be drag down the valley , then unceremoniously drop , near where a man dig in the dirt . mine guard another one for you , Father . better hurry up , we be get ahead of you . the Guard laugh . the man look up , turn -- it_is fray felipe . he glance at the body . felipe the vas a eir a infierno -- the Guard whip felipe , who crouch down . pull back as felipe return to he work , shoveling dirt onto a newly - dig grave . two branch form a makeshift wooden cross . ( continued ) 77 . continued : 74 continue pull back from felipe and rise up , to reveal the valley floor -- it be nearly cover , fill with dozen , perhaps hundred of the makeshift cross . int . estate - stable - day 74a [ Diego comb tornado . Elena lead she horse in . Diego look up at she -- then away . Elena notice Diego ; she hand she horse off to a groom , and approach . elena good afternoon , bernardo . diego sefiorita ... she stroke tornado admiringly . Diego wish she would go away . elena a magnificent animal diego I have to finish groom he for my master elena how long have you serve Don alejandro ? diego sometimes it seem interminable . Elena laugh , surprised . Diego immediately realize he gaffe try to cover . diego ( cont 'd ) I be sorry -- I speak out of place -- elena do not worry , bernardo . he will not hear if from I . ( beat ) there be something about Don alejandro that make I believe he be aman of character ... but it certainly be not in the way he act . diego Don alejandro be a fine man ... and he be constantly improve . Diego comb tornado harder . his word come with difficulty : ( continued ) 78 . continued : 74a diego ( cont 'd ) but sometimes ... sometimes circumstance prevent a person from say the thing ... that need to be say . the thing he most want to say . Elena consider this . she pick up the brush and begin groom the horse , beside Diego . elena I think ... I understand . I have feel that way . diego have you ? almost against he will , Diego regards she -- for too long . she 's aware of he gaze . he can not help say it : diego you look like you mother . Elena snap a look at he , puzzle at he familiarity . diego ( cont 'd ) ( recover ) -- I imagine . I see very little of Don montero in you . elena ( laugh ) I think he would prefer I be even more like she . she be very obedient , and always appropriate . diego be that how he describe she ? but not you ? grow up , you have trouble with rule ? elena you have to ask ? yes ... I be a terror . I be always ( smile at a memory ) when I be little , I hate wear shoe . my duena would take she eye off I for a instant , and somehow I would have lose another pair . ( shake she head ) I be a very willful child . diego that must have be something to see ( continued ) 79 . continued : t4a they share a moment , a smile . diego ( cont 'd ) what happen to you mother ? Elena look away . a painful memory , but one she 's learn to deal with . elena she die , just after I be bear . I never know she ... and my father rarely speak of she . Elena really appraise Diego . something 's be bother she , and she can not keep it inside any longer . elena bernardo -- last night , I want to ask you ... have we ever meet ? in Spain , perhaps ? diego I have not be to Spain in ... since before you be bear . elena I be sorry -- it 's just ... you voice seem so familiar . diego my voice ..? elena yes . the sound of it . I swear I have hear it before . diego it may be ... I just have one of that voice Elena consider it . finally shrug non-comittally . elena I suppose . well ... it 's very pleasant . good day , bernardo . diego vaya con dios , sefiorita . she move away , toward the door . Diego can not stop himself -- diego ( cont 'd ) sefiorita ! she turn back to face he . ( continued ) 80. continued : t4a diego ( cont 'd ) perhaps ... you be more like you mother than you realize . she 's surprised . she beam . elena gracias , bernardo . she exit . Diego let the comb drop from he hand . leans he forehead against tornado . ] ext . estate - front gate - day 75 the don , in a celebratory mood , emerge from the coaches , head for the house . alejandro be the last one out ; he mood be much less ebullient . Diego wait with tornado and he donkey . alejandro go to he . as he check the cinch of he saddle : alejandro he 's discover gold . a lot of it . Diego be surprised -- but believe it . diego gold . ( nod , think ) he 's go to buy California from Santa Anna -- use gold that belong to Santa Anna . ( a mirthless laugh ) it 's exactly what I would expect from montero . alejandro he 's get people in chain -- work the mine . he say they be criminal . ( shake he head ) I see a child 's footprint . and my friend Jack -- ( he voice falter ) Jack be there as well . ( grim ) I think I have find the disaparecidos . [ diego I think ... that it be time for Zorro to make another appearance . tonight . alejandro give he a question look . before he can say anything ( continued ) 81. continued : 75 love Don alejandro ! Love come up behind he . trail Love be two soldier , one of they pox -scarred and huge . love I would like a word with you . alejandro yes ? love not here . at the cuartel . alejandro very well . i'1l meet you there . love I have a coach wait . let 's all go together . it 's not a request . alejandro take in the huge pox-scarred soldier . smile , shrug . alejandro if it 's that urgent , Captain , how can I refuse ? he and Diego exchange a look , and then alejandro follow the two soldier away . tornado snort . Love glance at he -- then do a double - take . shake he head , move away . ext . town square - day 76 Elena move through the square . she pass a row of stall where indian artisan display they ware . a very old indian woman tug on Elena 's skirt . smiling , she press a yellow pafiuelo into Elena 's hand . elena thank you . it 's beautiful . the Old woman say something in she native tongue , touch Elena gently on the shoulder . Elena try the pafiuelo on . ( it be similar to the one esperanza wear in the open of the movie . ) Elena smile , delighted with it . elena how much ? Elena look up , but the Old woman be go . Elena search , see the Old woman back behind she stand , speak with a young indian girl . Elena approach . ( continued ) 82. continued : 76 elena how much do this cost ? the indian girl speak to the Old woman , who shake she head . indian girl it be a gift , she say . in honor of you mother . Elena be take aback . elena tell she she must be mistaken . my mother die long ago , in Spain . the indian girl translate . the Old woman make a dismissive gesture . speak emphatically , indicate Elena 's face . indian girl she say there be no mistake the daughter of esperanza and Diego de la vega . she work for you mother on the de la vega estate . ( smile ) she say you eye be you mother 's eye . Elena hold the scarf out , she hand tremble . elena I be sorry . I can not accept this -- the Old woman wave a hand at Elena , and disappear into the back of the stand . Elena watch she go , shake , twist the scarf in she hand . ext . do LA vega hacienda - sunset 76a [ all that be leave be char , overgrown ruin . Elena climb toward they , a carriage wait on the road behind she . Elena step into the center of what be leave of the hacienda . she take a deep breath . a sudden impulse , and she turn -- -- and face what be she nursery room , the spectacular view of the distant coastline . she step into the ' room . ' Beyond the break remain of the window be a tall bush -- manzanita . she lean down hesitantly . then breathes in its scent -- Elena slump , sit on the break remain of a wall , bury she head in she hand . finally she lift she head , and look around , question , still unsure . ] 83. + omit 77 int . cuartel - day 78 the cuartel be in the midst of reconstruction . alejandro be shove into a chair at a desk . Love sit across from he . a water pitcher and two glass be before he . love I know you secret . alejandro would you care to share it with I ? Love take one of the glass , but ignore the wine . he fill it from a container in he desk drawer , out of sight from alejandro . [ love do you know that ancient warrior would cannibalize they slain enemy ? in order to absorb they essence . they eye , in particular , be most seek after . to see through the eye of a enemy be a valuable thing . ] Love sip from he glass , regards alejandro with hood eye . love ( cont 'd ) and it 's in a man 's eye that you can find the true measure of he soul . ( take another sip ) where be my manners ? would you care for a drink ? Love bring the container up suddenly and shove it across the table . it rotate as it slide -- -- alejandro be look at the pickle head of joaquin murietta . in the jar , the lid off . alejandro be startle -- but that 's all . no anger in he eye . love perhaps a different vintage ..? Love slide a second , smaller jar forward . it contain three - fingered jack be three - finger hand . alejandro interesting taste you have . ( nod at joaquin ) who be he ? a irate husband , maybe ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : 78 love a enemy . he have a brother out there somewhere . who will share he fate . alejandro remain unfaze . in fact -- alejandro well , I wish you luck . -- he pick up the jar contain joaquin 's head . alejandro to you health . ? -- and drink brine from it . his eye never leave Love 's . Love narrow he eye at he . love you may not be murietta 's brother -- but you be more than you pretend to be . alejandro be I ? maybe someday I will see what I look like through you eye , Captain Love . with that , alejandro pat he lip with he handkerchief , rise , saunter out . + omit 79 omitted ( 80 ) 80 omitted ( 81 ) 81 ext . estate - hillside - night 82 [ close on : alejandro 's eye . he look out at -- the estate . serene under the bright star . he and Diego survey it from a secluded vantage point . tornado be tie to a tree . a canister of kerosene sit to one side . diego there must be a secret room off the study . search it -- somewhere in there , they have a map of the mine . ( off alejandro 's look ) I be certain . it 's all the proof we need of montero 's treachery . ( continued ) 85 . continued : 82 alejandro montero ... what about Love ? ( see it ) he keep my brother 's head . in a jar . he ... ( he falter ) he be a monster . diego alejandro -- listen to I . there be more at stake here than you revenge . California must not fall under montero 's rule . we must expose he , he true nature , to everyone who love and respects he . ( beat ) please . alejandro consider he word . ? he tie on the zorro mask . calm down . alejandro yes ... very well . Diego squeeze he shoulder , questioningly . alejandro nod : ' I be okay . '] diego go over the wall at my signal . alejandro what 's the signal ? diego ( smile ) you will know . ext . estate - outer wall - night 83 Zorro move silently from shadow to shadow . crouches . ahead of he , several soldier patrol the estate perimeter . int . / ext . estate - courtyard - night 84 montero and Love sit at the table . before they be the oilskin pouch . spread out be the map to the mine . Love gaze at the wall at the huge map of North America above they . love how long until we turn toward the United States ? montero there will be a gold rush , of course . we will have population and wealth enough to raise a army . ( continued ) 86 . continued : 84 love ( anticipate it ) how far do we go ? montero make a sweeping gesture across the large map . montero all the way to the east coast , Harrison . just think of it as ( he grin ) manifest destiny . Love raise a wine glass in a toast . start to drink -- ? suddenly shout be hear . cries of ' fuego ! ' ring out -- ext . estate - gate - night 85 montero 's stricken expression be light by a burn glow -- across the valley be a huge burning Z of flame . it take up a entire hillside , white smoke billow into the black sky . montero ( to himself ) it 's happen again behind he , Love shout order . horse thunder past as soldier ride to investigate -- ext . estate - outer wall - night 86 Zorro see the burn Z , grin . the soldier in front of he move away from they post . Zorro slip over the wall . int . / ext . estate - courtyard - night 87 Zorro move quickly to the courtyard . he see papers on the wooden table . go to investigate . it be the map . Zorro can not believe he good fortune . he move toward it -- hear Love approach . love ( 0.s. ) back to you post ! immediately ! Zorro curse under he breath , slip into the shadow -- int . estate - study - night 88 Zorro back into the study , crouch . he notice the portrait of montero and Elena . suddenly sound of footstep approach . Zorro look around , search the room . he run he hand along the wall . pull ona bookshelf . voice can be hear now -- ? a idea hit he . ? he go back to the portrait . adjust it -- ( continued ) 87 . continued : 88 a soft ' click . ' a bookshelf swing away from the wall . a secret passage lie beyond -- from within come the shimmer of gold -- int . estate - room of gold - night 89 Zorro move into the room , awed . stack of gold ingot . gold conquistador armor . one wall stack with strongboxe , like the one steal earlier -- enough gold to buy a country . Central to it all be the portrait of a woman . surrounded by golden splendor , light by candle , the room be almost a shrine . zorro Elena ..? but it be not Elena . it 's she mother . the lower right corner be burn away , but the name plate be still there : esperanza de la vega . Zorro frown . he examine the armor , touch the helmet , leave it askew . outside , from the study , approach voice can be hear . Zorro 's head snap up . he look around for a way out -- int . estate - room of gold - moment later 90 on montero and love as they enter -- ? the room of gold be empty . Zorro have disappear . montero carry the oilskin pouch that contain the map . [ montero Santa Anna will be here at dawn . we can not risk discovery . ] love the mine be nearly play out . we have find no new vein in month . we could destroy it . montero yes. destroy it . better safe than sorry . love and the slave ? montero ( brusque ) no survivor . love always a good policy . montero put the pouch inside a ornate chest . we angle favor the gold conquistador armor -- be Zorro hide there ? Love have notice the askew helmet on the armor . he frown . ( continued ) 88. continued : 90 Love move to it . pull out he sword . oh , no . swing the sword hard through the neck , chopping off the helmet . it clatter to the ground -- the armor be empty . love as you say ... better safe than sorry . he scan the room suspiciously . follow montero out . tilt up : we see Zorro , hide in the shadow of the ceiling , hold himself spread - eagle between two beam . he drop to the floor , open the chest . grab the oilskin pouch -- int . estate - hallway - night 91 Zorro slip out of the study . hear Love 's voice : love ( 0.s . ) I want the house and grounds searched . twice . Love come into view , with several soldier . Zorro back away , around a corner , into hide . he stuff the oilskin pouch into he shirt , look up -- a mirror be opposite he . Zorro curse as he see Love 's reflection , just as Love spot he -- love there he be ! next to Love , a soldier take aim , fire . Zorro 's image shatter , of course , as the bullet hit the mirror . Love roll he eye at the soldier 's stupidity , slap he . love after he ! the chase be on . Zorro bolt , head up a wide flight of stair , Love and the soldier after he . he turn a corner -- -- and come face - to- face with montero . montero 's eye go wide , horrify at the sight of zorro , a specter from the past . he stagger , put a hand out to the wall . Zorro spin , and leap to a window -- int . / ext . estate - courtyard - night 92 Zorro sidestep a soldier chase he out the window ; the soldier go over the edge , but manage to grab onto the sill with both hand . he make a convenient ladder . ( continued ) 89 . continued : 92 Zorro climb down he , hold onto he ankle , but can not quite reach the next balcony . with he sword , Zorro cut the soldier 's belt . his pants drop , catch on he ankle . hanging from the pants , Zorro swing to the balcony -- -- where another soldier appear . Zorro leap down to a wooden crossbeam , which support a bell above the courtyard . the soldier jump onto the beam after he -- Zorro be knock off - balance ; he hook a leg , spin around the beam , come back up the other side and hit the soldier . the soldier fall off the beam -- -- into the hang bell with a ' clang . ' Zorro leap to the bellpull rope , slide down to the tabletop . more dragoon appear from all side -- Zorro fight they , the table he circle . his style be fluid , more flamboyant than Diego 's . he dodge , spin , meeting all attack . int . estate - upstair hallway - night 93 Love help montero to he foot . montero Zorro -- it 's Zorro ! love he have the map -- montero you must stop he ! kill he ! Elena come into the hallway in she nightgown , hair sleep - tousle . elena Father ? what 's happen ? montero lock yourself in you room ! now ! he and Love hurry down the stair . Elena do not return to she room . she look out the window , see -- ext . estate - courtyard - night 94 Zorro be in danger of be overwhelm as more dragoon keep come . several take aim with rifle -- Zorro leap for the bell pull -- lift himself up into the bell asa volley of shot ricochet off , ringing it loudly -- ( continued ) 90 . continued : 94 Zorro drop down . a little wobbly , he swing on the bell pull rope out over a soldier 's head , kick he . his boot hit the wall , leave bootprint on the map-mural . he back - flip to the ground , dash out , around the side of the house . int . stable - night 95 Zorro dash inside . horse whinny nervously . he slouches against the wall -- a soldier come out of a stall , pistol point at Zorro . soldier do not move ! Zorro be not happy to see he . he look to heaven -- ?-- then bang he fist against the stall . the nervous horse kick the soldier across the stable , knock he out . the front door close . Zorro whirl -- Elena , a robe wrap around she , be there . they look at each other . zorro good evening , sefiorita . elena I see you come in here . zorro you should be careful . there be dangerous man about . elena you lie to I . you pretend to be a priest . zorro you lie to Captain Love . you pretend I be a priest . she scowl . move toward the soldier . elena you have steal something of my father 's . I can not let you leave . Zorro laugh . he move toward she , toward the door -- Elena draw the soldier 's sword , level it at Zorro . zorro oh , please . he continue toward the door -- ( continued ) 91 . continued : 95 she attack -- practice , deadly . surprise , Zorro evade , must draw he sword to defend himself . he leap away from she . consider . zorro I do not have time to give you a fencing lesson . elena you be the one who need to learn a few thing . she engage he , blade dance -- ?-- a slash cut he shirt . he finger the cut . then he salute she -- and attack seriously . lightn parry -ripost -- her robe be slow she down . she slip it off quickly . Zorro slice she nightgown , expose the smooth curve of she leave hip . zorro you should have parry primero instead of séptimo . she sneer and move in again . this time he cut to she right shoulder . the strap of the nightgown fall away ; we see bare shoulder , the swell of she breast . zorro and you tercera parry be too low . you be not catch the strong of the blade . Elena 's incense . the duel renew . she grab up she robe . she use like a cape as they fight , parry thrust , snap it across he face to divert he . a quick series and the sleeve of Zorro 's shirt drop away , expose well - muscle arm , shoulder and chest . another exchange and Zorro find himself back against a stack of hay bale . Elena catch he blade in she robe -- twist it , disarming he , send he sword across the room . they be both stunne at this development . then Elena grin -- Zorro backroll onto the hay bale ( lose he hat ) -- ? -- then leap over she -- ? -- she slashes at he -- he land . dismay , he examine a gash in he pants , along the inseam , about three inch below the crotch . ( continued ) 92 . continued : 95 elena you should have parry séptimo . he glare at she . grab up he sword . she lunge at he . he parry , swipe at she head -- ? she duck -- he step on she hair . she can not straighten up . she glare up at he through she hair . Elena slashes at he leg . he leap over she blade -- ? she snap she head up , she hair free -- ? -- he land and she spin , leg out , take he foot out from under he . he go down flat on he back . she attack -- [ Zorro parry she attack use he spur and boot . spark fly . he catch the blade between cross spur , roll , wrench the sword from she . she grab up he sword , face he . both be breathe hard , sweat , they clothes in a state of dishabille . he weigh she sword in he hand -- its lighter . he smile , re-engages -- Zorro envelope she blade ( actually , he sword ) and snap it into the ceiling -- where it stick . ] he put she on point . she never take she eye off he as he move toward she , back she toward the hay bale . she lean back -- she face be illumine by a shaft of moonlight through a high window . zorro I wonder what you would look like bath in moonlight ... beautiful . elena ( a husky whisper ) I will scream . zorro no doubt . he kiss she . she do not resist . they lip part . he stare into she eye . leans in again . she 's ready for another kiss -- -- he retrieve he hat . put it on , touch the brim . zorro as I say -- good evening , sefiorita . [ he toss she sword so it stick in the ceiling , grab he own , leap to a ladder , then to the loft , and out . ] ( continued ) 93. continued : 95 Elena watch he go , breathe hard , perhaps a bit disappointed . the door burst open . montero follow several soldier . montero Elena ! what be you do out here ? be Zorro here ? elena yes ! I fight he -- then he leave . ( suddenly incense ) he leave ! montero rush to a window . Elena pull she sword from the ceiling ( she must jump several time to reach it ) , join he . montero could you tell who he be ? be he a old man ? elena oh , no ... he be young . very vigorous she think about that -- then slashes the air angrily with she sword . montero look at she , puzzle . montero you know how to fence ? Elena stop look angry , start look guilty . ext . estate - night 96 Zorro reach the high exterior wall . spot a ladder lean against it , make for it , soldier after he . he clamber up . a soldier stab at he . Zorro twist the ladder over , parry the blade with the side rail . hanging from a step he kick a second soldier come at he . the first soldier stab again . Zorro flip the ladder , parry again . kick the man in the face , climb up to the wall . + near the stable , Love grab a lieutenant as he rush by . 97 love take a company on horseback . Ford the river , block the bridge , in case he escape -- lieutenant yes sir ! 94 . + at the front gate , Zorro battle a guard . they sword cross , 98 lock -- Zorro pick the man up , hang he on the post of the gate , kick he . he swing away -- and Zorro turn , parry a thrust from another guard . behind he , the gate swing back toward Zorro as he fight . the hang soldier ready he sword , stab at Zorro -- -- who dodge just in time ; the hang soldier run through the soldier Zorro be fight . Zorro turn . one rifleman be leave , stand he ground , desperately re-loading . Zorro stride toward he . the rifleman move quickly : powder , wadding , tamp , ball , tamp . he raise he rifle to shoot -- Zorro be right there . he put he sword into the barrel . the soldier pull the trigger -- the rifle backfire , knock he flat . Guards call out -- he 's be spot . Zorro spin , race through the gate . ext . wood - night 99 alejandro rush past tree . dive into the cover of a bush . quiet he breathe . sound of pursuit all around : love ( 0.s. ) I want he head ! shoot to kill ! from behind alejandro come a rustle . he spin . stare straight into he eye be -- a fox . alejandro stare back . the fox crouch as soldier move past . it , too , be hide . sound of the soldier fade . the fox stare at alejandro . it be a strange , silent , define moment , a moment of destiny for alejandro . and then , as suddenly as it appear , the fox leap away . alejandro turn from it , he eye thoughtful , serene . ext . estate - dirt road - night 100 in the distance , shout from soldier ; sound of many hoofbeat approach . Zorro step onto the road , whistle for tornado , who appear out of the wood . relieved , Zorro move toward he . zorro no time to waste , let 's go -- at the word ' go ' tornado take off -- but Zorro 's not yet astride he . he grab for the riata hang from the saddle , be drag a few yard . the riata pull free , and Zorro tumble into the undergrowth . corporal LOPEZ ( 0.s. ) I hear he ! hurry -- he 's get away ! ( continued ) 95 . continued : 100 angle - zorro , on the ground as a troop on horse -- lead by the hapless corporal Lopez -- thunder toward he , chase tornado . as they race past , Zorro cast he riata at a branch overhead . run , swing out -- -- onto the last horse of the troop , knock the soldier off . ext . wood - moving with horse - night , 101 as Zorro leap to the next horse , knock its rider off . leap again , knock that rider off , too . one at a time he take they out , work he way to the front . in the lead , Lopez ride hard , along the embankment of a raging river . he finally catch sight of tornado -- and see he be riderless . corporal LOPEZ where be he ? he twist , look back over he right shoulder , cry out -- his company be go . follow he be a thundering herd of riderless horse , a eerie sight . Lopez look over he leave shoulder -- there 's Zorro , pace he , grin at he . he punch Lopez in the face , knock he off he horse -- but Lopez catch himself on he horse 's neck -- ahead be a fall tree , come up fast . Zorro see it -- he step off he horse , onto the back of Lopez 's horse , across to tornado , into the saddle , and spur the black stallion . tornado leap over the fall tree . Lopez , still hang from he horse 's neck , look over he shoulder , see the tree approach . his horse leap -- thud , and Lopez be go . ext . bridge - night 102 ahead be a high bridge . tornado thunder across , pull up -- ?0 n the far side be seven dragoon on horseback , send by Love to cut Zorro off . tornado wheel -- ? behind they be four more dragoon . Zorro draw he sword . zorro ( to tornado ) well , which be it go to be ? Seven on that side , four on the other ( continued ) 96 . continued : 102 tornado wheel toward the seven . zorro sure . what 's a few extra soldier , more or less -- tornado wheel back toward the four . zorro make up you mind ! tornado move skittishly , he ear back , he eye wild . he do not like this situation . and then he lunge forward -- zorro hey ! whoa ! whoa ! tornado leap from the bridge . they plummet spectacularly down , splashing into the churn river below . the soldier look down with awe and respect . lieutenant that be the bravest man I have ever see . murmur of agreement -- ext . river - night 103 cough , Zorro scream at tornado as they flail in the rush water . zorro stupid , stupid horse ! you be crazy ! do not ever do that ! tornado climb up out of the rush water . shake himself off . Zorro pull himself up onto a rock . zorro I can not believe you do that . tornado snort at he as if to say , 'it work , do not it ? ' cursing , Zorro crawl onto shore . int . secret cave - night 104 the map be roll open on the dais . alejandro and Diego stand on the cave floor . alejandro trace a river with he finger . alejandro this be the canyon , here . there be at least ten guard -- but we can handle they . he head across the dais for the exit . Diego do not move . ( continued ) 97 . continued : 104 alejandro ( cont 'd ) once the prisoner be free , they will join the fight -- ( he look back ) what be you wait for ? we have to get move ! diego no . alejandro be puzzle . Diego do not meet he eye . diego ( cont 'd ) montero be deceive Santa Anna . to save he dream -- he precious Republic of California -- he will do whatever I want . ( he look up ) the mine must remain a secret . alejandro stare at Diego , aghast . alejandro but the prisoner will die ! Diego slam he hand on the dais . diego if the news of the mine get out , I will have no leverage over montero . he roll up the map , step up and past alejandro . diego ( cont 'd ) we bargain be complete . you have discover the truth . you be free to take you revenge on Love . alejandro cut in front of Diego , block he path . unbeknownst to the two man they enact a duel on the circle . alejandro you tell I that the circle would expand ... my world would get larger . it has. ( beat ) there be more at stake here than just revenge . diego would you brother agree with that ? that cut alejandro -- but he know the truth . ( continued ) continued : 98 . 104 alejandro I be no longer certain kill Love be the best way to honor joaquin . ( accuse ) you say this be about save California -- the people of California . they believe Zorro be they protector -- Diego laugh a sharp , bitter laugh . diego I try that . protect people . I could not even protect my family . my whole life be destroy . my wife be kill . and my daughter -- ( a effort to say it ) my daughter be steal from I . hear it , it suddenly become clear to alejandro : alejandro Elena . Elena be you daughter . diego yes ! and with this -- ( the map ) I will force montero to tell she the truth ! she will be lose to he -- just as she be lose to I . that 's what I dream about ! that 's the only circle I give a damn about ! the two man stare at each other . finally : alejandro you think montero will give up he daughter for the sake of he dream ? diego yes ! I know he ! TI know he as well as I know -- ( cut himself off ) alejandro yourself ? ( beat ) I ride to the mine . Diego grab alejandro by the collar . ( continued ) 99 . continued : 104 [ diego Santa Anna will be here in few hour ! when he find out the truth , there will be a blood bath ! Elena could be kill ! ] alejandro then that give you something to do ! save she ! ( quote ) no innocent will die , as long as Zorro be alive to rescue they . ( let it sink in ) too bad you be dead . he shove Diego away . the old man sprawl to the ground . diego you be a fool ! do you think that 's all this have be about ? to make you a hero ? the protector of the people ? alejandro head for the exit . diego ( cont 'd ) ( vehemently ) you be mine ! I forge you as my weapon ! alejandro turn , hold Diego 's gaze . alejandro no . you teach I to be Zorro . he leave . Diego be alone , in the middle of the dais , in the center of the circle . lose . search for he course . ext . dry riverbed - morning 105 Love oversee several guard as they force slave into a small gated tunnel on the canyon floor . there be not much room ; the slave be pack tight , with more to come . guard they be not go to be very comfortable , all of they cramme in like that . love do not worry . it will not be for long . ( continued ) 100 . continued : 105 that 's when the Guard notice : explosive be be laid at the tunnel entrance , and on the slope above . the implication be clear - the slave will be bury alive . Love stride to the ore lift , nimbly leap on t as it rise -- ext . mountain - canyon - gold strike - morning 106 a load of gold ore be move from the platform hoist , onto a wagon . Love sit astride he horse . soldier that 's it . the final load . love I will escort it to montero personally . we gradually become aware of another person in the scene : Zorro . he sit astride tornado , horse and rider completely motionless , in the shadow of a boulder . watch . close on : Zorro 's sword hand . he grip he sword tightly . love as soon as the prisoner be confine , explode the charge . do not delay . soldier yes , sir . close on : Zorro 's eye behind the mask . zorro ( to himself ) the cost be too high . he relax he grip on the sword . the wagon move forward ; Love gallop away , never know the danger he be in . Zorro dismount silently . gesture for tornado to stay put . as the soldier turn away , Zorro hop nimbly onto the lowering platform as it drop out of sight . + omit 107 + omit 108 ext . dry riverbed - morning 109 fray felipe cling to a post , refuse to move into the tunnel . he be whipped by a sadistic soldier . ( continued ) 101 . continued : 109 felipe ( in Latin ) . forgive we we trespasp as we forgive that who trespass against we sadistic soldier oh , shut up ! God 's not go to answer you prayer ! of course that 's when Zorro appear behind he , a dark angel . felipe 's eye widen . sadistic solider ( cont 'd ) he sure never answer mine . the soldier raise he whip , turn . Zorro give he a smile . zorro next time you can ask him in person . the soldier slashes the whip at Zorro , who run he through . [ Zorro offer he hand to the priest , help he up . felipe you really be Zorro ... be not you ? ] zorro help the other . get they out of here . felipe nod . Zorro pull open the gate to the tunnel . slave spill out , climb up the scaffold and ladder to freedom . one of the soldier set explosive spot they . soldier it 's Zorro ! get he ! Soldiers scramble toward Zorro . the fuse line spool to the powder keg be drop . Zorro move with grace and economy , take on two , then three , then four soldier at once . he kill two of they -- but a grinning soldier pin he blade , disarm he . Zorro back away from he , onto the ore lift platform . the grinning soldier pursue he onto the lift , back by a second soldier -- suddenly Zorro shove the ore car off the lift with he leg , roll off himself in the opposite direction . ( continued ) 102 . continued : 109 the soldier 's grin fade -- as the platform shoot up into the air , take the soldier with it . Zorro scoops up he blade , parry a thrust from the second soldier . Zorro shove he back -- -- directly beneath the counterweight of the ore lift as it plummet down ; the soldier be crush . Zorro turn away as behind he , with a scream and a thud , the grinning soldier drop down to the ground , fall from above . Zorro climb the scaffold , leap off , knock a soldier down . punch he -- but another soldier sneak toward Zorro , come at he from behind , bayonet raise -- the little girl see he . she break away from the other . bravely climb a ladder , onto a platform . kick the ladder over . the ladder fall -- -- and collar the attack soldier around the neck . Zorro grab the ladder , and help the soldier along -- into another soldier . they run each other through . Zorro look up at the girl , who meet he gaze bravely . he take off he medallion , slip it over she head . zorro thank you , sefiorita . girl be we go to die ? zorro no . no one be go to die . Zorro hand she down to other who climb out of the canyon . he spin back to the fight , guard the escape rout as the last of the slave climb to safety . a soldier glance at a huge smelting hopper fill with hot ember , get a idea . he gesture to another soldier . they grab the edge of the hopper , slowly tilt it over . it fall , and glow ember wash toward Zorro -- Zorro see the hot ember come , dive out of the way , avoid a wild swipe at he head by another soldier . flail , the soldier lose he balance , fall backwards into the burn ember , scream . a small rivulet of ember make its way to the fall fuse roll . the fuse flare -- then ignite . Soldiers flee . Zorro climb the scaffold ore - life structure , racing to safety -- 103 . +a massive explosion . a landslide ; the entrance to the tunnel 110 be bury . the mining scaffold crumble , a good half of it slamm to the ground . + Zorro cling to a rope , hang in mid-air . he look over : 141 the only person still on the scaffold be fray felipe -- anda final soldier , battle he . felipe ward off sword thrust with a piece of wood . Zorro push off , swing across to a platform near felipe . the final soldier see Zorro , turn away from felipe . zorro ( to felipe ) get to safety ! go! Zorro guard the way as felipe climb to safety . Zorro and the last soldier duel , flame lick at the scaffold below , part of it crumble beneath they as they fight . Zorro dispatch he quickly ; he plummet to he death . + omit 112 ext . mountain - canyon - gold strike - morning 113 felipe reach a high ledge , help up by other freed slave . he look down into the canyon , at the duel below , cross himself , say a silent prayer -- ext . dry riverbed - morning 114 the mining scaffold be consume by blaze flame . Zorro race along a platform , leap into space , just as the entire structure crash to the ground . Zorro cling to the side of the canyon beneath a overhang . he dig he knife into the dirt wall for better purchase , but it 's clear he can not hang on long . ext . mountain - canyon - gold strike - morning 115 the girl raise a arm , point : girl look ! ext . mountain - canyon - gold strike - morning 116 tornado appear on the ledge above Zorro . throw he head forward ; he rein drop down , within Zorro 's reach . Zorro grab they -- tornado back away , pull Zorro to safety . ext . mountain - ledge - morning 117 a cheer ring out from the onlooker . felipe shake he head in disbelief , grin like a fool . ( continued ) 104 . continued : 117 felipe now that 's a horse ! int . / ext . estate - courtyard - morning 118 the house have that early - morning empty feel . Elena move into the courtyard , past the huge oak table -- Diego step out from the shadow of a archway , face she . elena bernardo -- what be you do here ? diego I have come to warn you . you must convince montero to leave , now . immediately . he must go back to Spain . and take you with he . Elena be take aback . she look for some semblance of reason . elena be Don alejandro with you ? diego ( ignore she ) montero 's building this country of he on the back of slave and steal gold . he be try to cheat Santa Anna . and Santa Anna will react violently . ( step forward ) you must be safely away before then . int . estate - hallway - morning 119 two soldier trail montero -- the pox-scarred one and a private . [ montero General Santa Anna will be arrive from the beach at any moment . when Captain Love return , send he to I immediately --] he near the courtyard -- -- and see Diego with Elena . he pull up short , back against the wall . gesture ' quiet ' to the two soldier . int . / ext . estate - courtyard - morning 120 elena I do not believe you . it can not be true . ( continued ) 105 . continued : 120 Diego throw the oilskin pouch on the table in frustration . diego dammit , there 's no time ! ( grab she shoulder ) you have to tell montero . you have to get out ! elena why ? why do you want I to do this ? diego because he will listen to you . because he have no choice . he must say it . diego ( cont 'd ) because you be he daughter . Elena stare at he . elena who be you ? montero a excellent question . the soldier flank montero , gun on Diego . montero ( cont 'd ) take you hand off she . diego ( step away from Elena ) I be unarm . montero see the oilskin pouch on the table . montero where do that come from ? diego from I . montero study he . and then -- he know . he blanch . montero my God . De la vega . ( seethe ) damn you ! how do you survive ? elena Diego de la vega ? that surprise both Diego and montero . ( continued ) 106 . continued : 120 diego yes . montero how do you know that name ? elena I -- a woman in town tell I -- ( flat ) she say he be my father . the two man stare at she . montero finally find he voice . montero ridiculous . he must have pay she to tell you lie . ( to Diego ) be that why you come here ? for revenge ? Diego shake he head slowly . diego there 's a proverb . when you seek revenge , dig two grave . one for you enemy . one for yourself . montero if that 's so ... you do twice as much work as you have to . ( to the soldier ) lock he up in the stable . keep he under guard . and be careful ! the soldier grab Diego roughly . haul he from the courtyard . diego montero ! get out now ! I be warning you -- pox - scar soldier punch he in the kidney , shutting he up . Elena flinch at the blow . ext . beach - morning 120a Don luiz and hector , flanke by soldier , look out to sea . longboat be come in . in the lead boat be a amazing sight : a horse stand in the prow , a rider astride it : general santa anna . hector he only have one leg , you know . he lose the other to cannon fire . ( a smirk ) french cannon fire . ( continued ) 107 . continued : 120a don luiz Santa Anna be shrewd , and brutal . we learn that twenty year ago . I much prefer he as a ally than enemy . the longboat hit the beach . Santa Anna 's horse leap to shore . other boat be landing ; they be chockfull of Santa Anna 's honor guard , in bright crimson uniform . Don luiz step out to meet Santa Anna . don luiz General Santa Anna . welcome to California . I be Don luiz fuentes y silva , the alcalde -- [ santa anna there 's not long before the tide turn . ] don luiz of course . Don montero be wait for you . he move to he horse -- ext . estate - ground - morning 121 outside the courtyard be a wagon fill with strong box . pox shove Diego past , the private trail . Diego stumble , cry out in pain . the soldier bunch up behind he . pox ( disgust ) " be careful , ' he say . of what , old man ? if you be so dangerous , how come you get capture ? diego I need a sword . Diego grab the hilt of pox 's sword -- and swing the scabbard up between the private 's leg , double he over . pox yank away from Diego . move to draw he sword -- Diego simply catch pox's elbow , and shove it back , re-sheathing the sword . pox try to draw again , and Diego repeat the trick . smile . pox let go of he sword and just swing a roundhouse at Diego . Diego duck the punch -- -- and draw pox 's sword . pox find the point at he throat . ( continued ) 108 . continued : 121 diego this one will do . he step forward quickly , clock pox with the pommel . he yank the second soldier to he foot . sword at he back , he shove the soldier toward the house . int . / ext . estate - courtyard - morning 122 montero check to make sure the map be still in the pouch . elena why would he want revenge on you ? montero because he hate I . because because esperanza choose I over he . he 's never forget it . elena my mother live here in California ? you tell I -- montero spin on she . she step back , startle . montero Elena -- enough . we will finish this discussion later . he take she elbow , escort she toward the stair . montero ( cont 'd ) I think it best if you retire to you room . stay there until my business be conclude . the private appear in the archway . montero what be you do here ? the private walk stiffly to the table , near the pouch . montero I order you to the stable ! Diego , hide behind the private , slam the private 's head down on the table . the private slump to the floor . diego he do not make it . he take the pouch , head for the door . montero cut he off . montero you be not go anywhere . ( continued ) 109 . continued : 122 diego I be go to deliver this to Santa Anna , and see if I can prevent the consequence of you action . once he see the mine for himself -- montero ( he draw he sword ) no. Diego consider -- then slip the pouch into he belt . diego this time I be armed . montero no matter . he attack . they engage , begin to feel each other out . despite they age , and despite Diego 's bad leg , they blade be lightning quick . the duel move toward Elena . she scramble toward the private , draw he sword -- and then he pistol as well . montero slip ; Diego have a open . he advance , slashes -- another sword -- not montero 's -- stop Diego 's blade inch from montero 's throat . Diego whirl , respond to the new threat . a quick exchange of thrust and parry -- Diego freeze . he be fight elena . Diego be incredulous . elena stop. both of you -- and then montero attack . Diego jump aside , barely avoid a deadly thrust . montero slashes at he , then suddenly stop . smile , look over Diego 's shoulder . Captain Love stride into the courtyard . without hesitation , he draw he pistol , aim at Diego -- elena no ! Elena leap in front of Diego -- ?-- Diego and montero see what 's come -- ?-- Love pull the trigger -- the pistol misfire . montero and Diego realize how near a thing it be -- a near-repeat of esperanza 's death , twenty year earlier . Love just shrug . love hangfire . lucky . ( continued ) 110 . continued : 122 Love drop the pistol , draw he sword -- and attack Diego . Diego must now defend himself against both man . he move to the stair , keep one opponent in front of the other . love excellent . the narrow space prevent we from engage you at the same time . diego thank you . love one problem . he indicate ' behind you . ' Diego glance back . the stair end , open into the larger gallery . Love drive Diego back , into the gallery . ext . road - morning 122a Santa Anna and he escort thunder toward the estate . int . estate - gallery - morning 123 Love and montero spread out and attack . Diego defend himself well , but both opponent score hit . blood seep from he wound . Love be delighted . love you be the most extraordinary swordsman I have ever see ! if it be not for you leg , I think you could actually beat we both . montero that 's because he 's Zorro , you idiot . love no , he 's not . montero yes he be ! alejandro ( 0.s. ) no . he 's not . alejandro stand at the edge of the stair . alejandro ( cont 'd ) I be Zorro . and he look it , even in tear black clothes . Love sneer -- and attack . ( continued ) 111 . continued : 123 now all four expert swordsman battle , they blade clash and echoing in the hall . Elena step onto the landing . she still hold the sword and pistol . zorro I offer you mercy , Love . Lay down you sword . love a coward 's offer . just what I would expect from a man who hide behind a mask . he slashes Zorro 's arm . Zorro examine the cut : it be a ' L '. love you be not the only one who know the alphabet . they duel resume . Zorro slashes Love 's cheek . another slash , angle off the first . and then a third , make a ' Z ' . Love ignore the blood . and then zorro make a FOURTH CUT . Love slap he hand to he cheek . look at the palm of he glove . on it be the blood imprint of a ' m '. Love look up at Zorro . alejandro strip off he mask . alejandro murietta . joaquin be my brother . Elena be shocked . elena alejandro love I grant you one thing , murietta . you be slightly harder to kill than he be . Love attack . he lock alejandro 's blade with he , corps a corps . he slashes he gauntlet across alejandro 's eye . alejandro stagger , fight blind . Love slashes he leg -- alejandro go down to one knee . Love step on he blade . alejandro look up . Love smile , prepare the kill blow -- alejandro slam he fist down on Love 's foot . with a yelp , Love take he weight off the foot -- and alejandro yank he other leg out from under he . Love tumble down the stair . Diego disarm montero . he hold montero at sword 's point . Diego 's arm be tense , tremble ( continued ) 112. continued : 123 elena please -- do not Diego hesitates . Elena step close to montero . montero grab she around the neck , grab she pistol , put it to she head . Elena gasp in shock . Diego step forward -- montero Drop you sword . no hesitation -- Diego do it . his sword clatter to the floor . Elena stare at he . montero sneer . montero . you fool -- I would not have hurt she . Diego look from he to Elena . his eye say it all -- a father 's love for he daughter . diego I could not take that chance . Elena 's eye widen . she know in she heart who she true father be . montero turn the pistol toward Diego , cock it -- elena no ! she shove montero 's arm as he fire -- ?-- the bullet hit Diego in the arm , spin he to the floor . montero twist Elena around , glare into she eye -- shove she down . he stride toward Diego , pick up he fall sword . montero you will die by the sword after all . alejandro 's eye clear . he see : ? montero -- aim the sword 's point at Diego 's heart -- alejandro flash across the room , he sword slashing down . he cut deep into montero 's arm . montero 's sword fly away . alejandro shove he back against the gallery railing . diego ( a warning shout ) alejandro -- Love run at alejandro . he spin , parry Love 's sword -- -- Love 's momentum drive the thrust into montero . montero 's eye go wide . Love crash into alejandro , who slam into montero -- both alejandro and montero break through the gallery rail . montero 's body fall , thud onto the table below . ( continued ) 113. continued : 123 Elena gasp . stare down in horror -- montero lie in the center of the table . alone . alejandro hang from the edge of the gallery . he haul himself up , so he 's lie half - on , half - off the floor . Love step on he back , drive out he breath . Love raise he sword above he head , target alejandro 's neck -- ? from behind he come a scream -- elena' scream . ? Love turn -- Elena swing a saber at he two-hand . the blade 's edge chop hard across Love 's neck , axing in edge first . it stick , imbed in he throat . he fall backwards -- -- and down , face - down toward the floor between two chair , the sword still wedge into he throat -- the sword hilt impact on the arm of one chair . ? the tip of the blade imbed on the arm of the other . Love 's body hit the floor . follow by he head . severe in the fall , eye stare into the hereafter . ? the sword remain bridge between the two chair . in the gallery -- Elena flinch at the sight . but she still reach down to help alejandro up . he gather she in he arm . int . / ext . estate - courtyard - day 124 the huge oak door swing open . santa anna and don luiz stand in the doorway . behind they be a number of don , Santa Anna 's honor guard and several of Love 's dragoon . Santa Anna and luiz take in the courtyard : two body , one montero 's , the other headless . santa anna alcalde ... there 's a explanation for this ? don luiz I , uh Diego lean on alejandro as they descend the staircase . Elena follow , arm wrap around herself . Don luiz spot they . don luiz ( cont 'd ) there ! they assassinate Don montero ! arrest they ! santa anna arrest ? no wonder California be lawless . ( to he guard ) execute they ! ( continued ) 114 . continued : 124 his honor guardsman raise they rifle . alejandro maybe you should see this . alejandro take the pouch from Diego 's belt , slide it to Santa Anna . Don luiz see the pouch , move to take it . Santa Anna slap he hand down on the pouch . pick it up . slip on a pair of half - glass from he jacket . examine the map . alejandro they discover gold . that map -- santa anna do you know about this , Don luiz ? don luiz um ... no , of course not -- santa anna ( turn to the don ) and the rest of you ? do you all know ? Santa Anna do not even wait for a answer . he slip off he glass , turn to leave . santa anna ( cont 'd ) execute they all . his guard immediately target the dragoon and the don . don luiz no ! I be the alcalde here -- Santa Anna snatch the alcalde 's cane from Don luiz and club he with it . Don luiz crumple to the floor . Santa Anna slam the cane on the table . suddenly he be the Santa Anna who order prisoner butcher at goliad . santa anna this entire area be under martial law . hunt down and execute all insurrectionist and traitor -- diego General Santa Anna . ( Santa Anna look at he ) I be Diego de la vega . several of the don recognize the name -- as do Santa Anna . ( continued ) 115 . continued : 124 santa anna De la vega . I remember -- you support we in the war against Spain . you be suppose to be dead . diego in honor of we past association , long ago ... I would like to request leniency for this pueblo . it would go hard on the people if you mote out this harsh justice . Santa Anna 's eye flare . his voice be grim . santa anna I understand you concern for the people . but what of this man ? they try to take what be mine . why should I be lenient ? Diego limp to the wagon , just outside the archway . diego because you can afford to be . because it be yours ... you country . he open one of the strong box . the gold inside gleam . diego ( cont 'd ) you gold . Santa Anna lift a eyebrow . a smile spread across he face . then he laugh , he white tooth gleam . santa anna ( to he guard ) load it aboard the ship . ( to Diego ) the people here own they life to you , de la vega . he turn to leave . pause . turn back -- and toss the alcalde 's cane to Diego . Diego catch it , surprised . santa anna ( cont 'd ) I trust , as alcalde , you will inform I of any further discovery diego you will be the first to know . Santa Anna nod . leave . his man withdraw . the wagon roll away . the don gaze at each other . begin to drift out of the room . ( continued ) 116 . continued : 124 Diego sigh heavily . he glance around , spot Elena outside . ext . estate - courtyard step - day 125 Elena sit with she head down , eye close -- praying . alejandro sit beside she . he put he hand gently on hers . she turn she hand over , intertwine she finger with he . Diego sit down beside she heavily . she look over at he . reaches out to examine the bullet wound in he arm . elena you should have that take care of diego Elena -- my daughter -- Diego reach for she hand . she snatch it away . elena do not ! ( softer ) do not . I do not know you . the man who be my father be dead . ( beat ) you be a stranger to I . the word sting Diego ... but he know they be true . diego be there ... anything I can do to change that ? Elena regards he . tear a strip of cloth from the hem of she dress , begin to bandage he arm . elena tell I you story . diego what ? elena tell I about my mother ... and you . and Zorro. ( beat ) I want to hear you story . Diego look up at she gratefully . diego that be all I ever ask . Diego take a breath . Elena and alejandro listen as he tell she the story he begin when she be two year old , the story he never finish . the legend of Zorro . the circle be complete . ( continued ) 117 . continued : 125 diego it begin twenty year ago . Mexico 's long war for independence be win . dissolve to : ext . california countryside - night 126 open land , a full moon -- and Zorro gallop toward we . motion slow as he near , to still frame , a beautiful portrait . diego ( 0.s. ) the last viceroy of Alta California have be recall to Spain . realizing he day of power be at a end , he order all prisoner execute move in on alejandro 's face -- diego ( 0.s. ) the spirit of justice demand a champion ... -- and he eye behind the mask -- zorro' eye . Dark and watchful , and full of hope . the end