ee the grand tour by Bruce Gilbert base on the novel " trinity's child " by William prochnau property of : bruce gilbert american filmwork p.o. box 900 beverly Hills , CA 90213 ( 213 ) 203-2605 29 June 19 , 1983 ext . highland above spokane -~ winter -- late afternoon a vision of a charcoal smudge against bank snow . reveal the smucc ? to be a darth vader black jeep . in the jeep , we catch spit-polisn black boot press the accelerator . we follow up leg cover in fire proofed flignt - suit khaki . we hover at a chest neuter by a flight jacket emplazon with lightning bolt clasped in a mail fist . we travel past a name sag stencile : moreau , to a moon - man white helmet frame the face of a woman . a fresh scrubbed american face , with beautiful eye and awisp of dark hair . the black jeep whine past we towards the main gate at Fairchild aiz Force base . closer -- fairchild MAIN gate < = a young airman , with only a blue beret to protect hia against the morning colé , blow on he hand to keep they warm . he hear the nigh pitch sound of the jeep approach , smile as he assume he proper position at the guard gate . . all business now , the young airman return moreau 's salute . as she pass through , she glance in she rear-view mirror and catch the guard barely suppress smile . behind he a large sign read : caution , you be now entering the most dangerous area in the world <= the american highway . sxt . fairchild AIR force base -- WASHINGTON state -- dawn ~ moreau cruise through the base past row of old barrack , then up along the ridge above the flight line . below she , stretch out in a line and bath in surreal pea~soup yellow light , stand six jungle camouflage 8 - 52' . Ice mist wisp off they long droop , nuclear azm wing . ext fairchild alert facility -- dawn -- moreau park ner jeep and walk along the barb wire cyclone fence towards the half bury bunker - like alert facility . her breath mist in the morning cold , she arrive at the first metal gace . a sign read : deadly force authorized . moreau walk through the first gate and be momentarily trap as it close behind she . a second gate do not open . she be scrutinise , tv camera whirring , sensor sense . a loud electronic click and the second gate open revealing a guard with loase sling m16 on he shoulder , pearl handle pistol on he hip , and a beret . he do not smile . the guard run a metal detector up and down the inside of moreau 's leg . clear , she now walk up the ramp towards the facility where she will pull a week cf standby nuclear alert cuty . int . game room -- alert facility - extreme closeup ~- kazaklis' face he be intensely concentrate . the eye however , belie a late night at the bar of the High . pine Lounge from which he have too recently come . extreme closeqp -~- kazaklis' finger - we hear kazaklis 's voice send light speed signal to he finger . we hear the electronic blip every time the FIRE button be push follow by a electronic explosion sound . the finger deftly follow each command . . kazaklis ( v.o. ) Left ten , fire ( blip ) ; leave five , fire ( blip ) ; Left five , fize ( blip ) . right ten , fire ( blip ) ; right ten , fire ( blip ) . closeup -- space invader electronic arcade game screen two more invader move steadily down towards the bottom of the screen where the electronic spaceship lie in wait . kazaklis ( v.0 . ) lef : five , fire ! Left five , fire ( blip , blip ) . int . game room -- alert facility xazaklis push back from the control of the Space invader game as it play a little electronic victory song . he smile . he be good . he have to be . he be the best pilot and the worst example in the Strategic Air Command . the game room look like early holiday Inn . cinder - block wall , pool table , card table , chair and sofa . a window frame with curtain that , upon closer examination , be net a real window at all but merely a realistic mural of a desert scene draw in 3 - D perspective . moreau enter with a roll up flight plan map and sit down next to halupalai , the big Hawaiian tail gunner , the oldest of the crew and the only nco , halupalai be stare eff into space , out the fake desert window . Moreau spread a flight plan map on the card table . it show a B - 52 head north toward Russia . then it make a sudden loop and a bee-line for tahiti . moreau well ... ( continued ) co continued : halopalail tahiti 's now a strategic target , Captain ? moreau I think it would make a interesting conversation piece the next time the base commander bring a visit Senator by . halupalai ( laugh ) only you could get away with that . Moreau look at kazaklis wno be back play Space invader . his butt sway leave then right ; he be whistling '' America the beautiful " . Moreau turn back to halupalai and give he a wick grin . she roll up she map and walk up behind kazaklis . she pause . his butt be still sway leave and right and he 's whistling " .. for amber wave of grain ... " : moreau Captain ... kazaklis not now Moreau . another pause . the butt still sway to the rhythm of the machine . _ the whistling even louder . then in quick cut : - she jam she roll up map between kazaklis ' leg . - the green alien adversary on the screen let go with a blast . - kazaklis explode simultaneously with the machine . kazaklis she-e-e-e-it tne video screen flash : game over , game over , game over ... ext . cheyenne mountain -- colorado -=- dusk we be high overlooking skier schussing down powdery slope . a title aspear : norad : cheyenne mountain , colorado . as it disappear we move down . down past the skier , into the snow . down , down , down into the mountain 's bowel . continue down we emerge into a dank tunnel whose black wall weep moisture . int . cheyenne mountain -- tunnel we come to rest behind a general who be stand in wait for a 25 ten steel door to finish open . the General begin to move forward towards a styxian city and we move with he . n ne 4 . int . cheyenne mountain -~ command balcony and operation room the General emerge onto the glass - in command balcony overlook a room Zily with man peer into green screen . the screen be power by computer link to orbit satellite . the satellite be tune to Russian steppes as well as to silent rectangular box which represent yankee class soviet submarine that have be track under the seas . there be many clock in the room tune to Moscow , omaha , plesetsk , kapustin yar , Washington , and the universal time of Zulu ( greenwich meantime ) there be sign that ask : be you ewo ready ? and there be alert code that read in order of readiness : apple jack , lemon juice , snowman , big noise , cocked pistol , fast pace , round house , double take , fade out . watch all the watcher watch , stand the General . below nim a canadian raf officer fiddle with he screen that have box the rough location of a soviet sub 175 mile off the coast of neah Bay , Washington . on the sound of a blip we go to : int . alert facility -- moreaus dorm room == pairchild afb -- the door open revealing a medieval chastity belt stretch across it as Moreau enter . sprawle across the second of two bunk be a woman tanker pilot do a crossword puzzle . moreau oo hi roommate ... hmmmm . Moreau cross to she bunk and begin co unroll and tack up the flight plan map we see she with earlier . after a moment the roommate look up from she crossword puzzle . roommate you know , you be really push it , Moreau . Moreau continue tack up she map , pay no attention . the roommate stand now , annoyed . roommate ok , if the map go up then that ( point ) have get to come down . the toommate be point a mock centerfold of edward teller in live color with a small photograph of a mushroom cloud plant squarely between he scrawny leg . moreau what have you get against the ultimate climax dear ? int . cheyenne mountain -- command balcony and operation room the young raf officer be tapping he screen in agitation . Three more blip have appear from the same zone off neah Bay . next to he a young american lieutenant watch in fascination , distract from he own screen . blip . suddenly out of the corner of he eye he catch a spasm appear on he own screen which be train on a patch of ocean in the Georgia bank off New England . blip . on another screen more blip appear of North Carolina and on another a stacatto blip appear in the Pacific beyond catalina in Southern California . the general watch patiently from above . he push a button change the’ alert code from apple jack to lemon juice . he start to reach for a phone , then draw back . general ( to aide ) check and make sure someone have not slip a training tape into the main computer bank . another computer screen and a watcher be flipping he sereen on and off then pull the picture in tight for magnification . the screen show flex molar like computer game alien near plesetsk in the arctic north of Moscow . the word silo door open flash in a corner of the screen . the General flick the alert code from lemon juice to snow man as you really begin to feel the electricity . aide there be no training tape in the computer , sir . the General reach to nis right to pick up the diréet line shine . general I be call sac headquarters . int . library -- alert facility -- fairchild afb -- the library be cramped and overheate . be you ewo ready ? sign be here too . tyler , a 28 year old navigator be upset ané preoccupy , yet still try to comprehend the complexity of David stockman 's " the supply side of economics " . tyler stare off into the bright white light of the bulb on the desk lamp which become : ext . alert facility annex -- fairchild afb -- day ~- Winter white snow and then : swing , a jungle gym and a slide . we see Tyler play with he three year old son . Tyler 's wife come into the scene . she must reluctantly take the child and go . Tyler to0k after they for a moment then turn toward the alert facility . ( continued ) continued : the mother suddenly scream . Tyler turn to see he boy run towards he . Tyler angrily place he hand on he hip . the boy freeze uncertainly . he turn to see he mother racing after he . the boy bolt away from both parent towards the ¢rooping wing of the B - 52' . the boy slip on the freeze tarmac and skid near a wheel . the mother be run after he . whomp . she fall hard . the air rush out of she , a foot ig place firmly on she back , a riot gun inch from she head . a second white form dee the same to the child . they be the security patrol in winter white camouflage suit . they have appear from nowhere . Tyler understand and move slowly towards they . tyler , -.- cottonmouth . the foot come off the boy first . the woman more slowly . Tyler pick up the boy and spanks he . the boy' eye fill with tear . Tyler hand he back to he mother and say tonelessly : tyler you do not go near the bomb . his wife 's stricken eye say nothing and everything . int . library -- alert facility -- fairchild afs close on Tyler 's eye a little tear near one corner . he look back at he texthook and try to concentrate again . int . sac headquarters --— omaha a sac four star Air Force general ( general blue ) cradle a phone . he be listen to the two star General from cheyenne but as we watch , the light on he face change from white fluorescent to pale luminous blue . Red light like tracer bullet race across he forehead . blue general okay , I have put we on a combat foot . let 's scramble the fighter to take a lock -see . we now begin to reveal the command balcony at sac headquarters , the General hang up the phone . he sit in a overstuff leather chair in front of other phone and button . below be some smaller screen like at cheyenne but the room be deminate by six 16 ' x 16 ' screen at eye level with the command balcony . the General jab at some control , ( continued ) oo a continued : blue general let 's get the big picture up there . the main screen flutter briefly in a televideo snowstorm and then up pop a large polar map look down on the northern hemisphere . the other screen show we missile installation , 3 - 52 basis , and navy sub , the General shudder . on the center screen , out of the flex molar near plesetsk come snake white line with computer projection of missile . k all of they cross american coast line . the General move the status from snowman to big noise . blue general we have go from preliminary attack conference to attack conference . get rsiop off line . I want the siop computer concentrate solely on this problem -~ now ! the General now reach for a grungy yellow phone . int . white house sitting room / sac headquarters -- intercut a man in bathrobe and pajamas be asleep in a antique wing back chair . a reerun of Mission impossible play on the tv . ina groggy and slur voice the man answer . president '' yes ? ~ ~ blue general ( aside ) jee-zuz ... Mr. President , we face a extremely serious situation . I have ask for a full attack conference . under my authority I be about to move we from big noise to cocked pistol . president +«ebig pistol ? . bloe general Mr. President , I know you be upstairs but the line be secure . president who be this ? blue general icarus . a long , long pause . president iearus . ( continued ) rm continued : blue general icarus , yes . Mr. President , be you ewo there ? president oes ewo ? blue general the man with the black briefcase outside you bedroom , Mr. President . int . cafeteria -- alert facility -- fairchild afb radnor , a tadar operator in he 20' enter the almost empty cafeteria , he 's sweaty after he workout . he 's in gym clothes but he flight suit from which he be never separate , be drape over he arm . he wave to he wife , a Air Force cop , then glide he tray down a stainless steel counter where the menu read : do nut l¢ , pie 5 '' , Blue plate special 35 '' . he choose a donut and bounce a single penny off the counter top before approach he wife . radnor hey , this chow ' 's the best deal in town . all you have to do be work a 168 hour week without overtime . she smile and show he the base newspaper , the geiger alert . | wife do you see this ? the headline read : a doomsday Romance -- finding love by the megaton . the article include a wedding picture of the smile couple . radnor hey I do not mind . they always raz the career guy . once the Air Force let you transfer here , man , I do not care what they say . they hold hand and moon at each other . radnor : you get duty tonight ? - she bite she lip and shake she head yes . radnor well , that still give we a little time to play mountie and - the squaw . let I hit the shower first . 9 . int . white house sitting room / sac headquarters -- intercut president sorry , General , you catch I half asleep . wife 's off in Connecticut christen a ship . blue general you need you ewo immediately , sir . president what seem to be the problem ? blue general mz. President , we be in the secondary stage of a major attack , probably a counterforce variation . siop be analyze it now . we defense show a swarm attack by submarine almost certainly Soviet , and a random attack by land base icbm 's , certainly Soviet . we need you authority . the President stare at Mission impossible for a moment . president defense , the computer again , huh ? General , may I be candid with you , this be a shitty way to get a new set of computer . blue general siz ! president how many time since I become President have that damn machine screw up ? how many time have they screw up so badly we have go to attack conference ? five ? six ? blue general - and how many time have I pick up this telephone , Mr. President ? we have no time for this , sir . we need you authority . this be real . this be Pearl Harbor . president I do not believe it . I talk to the Russian ambassador today . blue general I be talk to siop . I trust he more . ( continued ) a io . continued : president and what be you computerize advisor tell you , General ? you wake I up at one in the morning with this ctap . what be siop tell you ? you career may be riding on it . bloe general my career , siz ? the General look at the screen in front of he , watch the white line snake further from plesetsk . he see one of the side screen spew out data . [ it show one of the missile achieve sub-orbital flight over the Arctic Ocean and the margin of error on the missile 's trajectory be instantly reduce . the General 's voice become brittle . blue general stop be tell I that a Soviet ss - 18 , carry 2.5 to 5 megaton , have my name on it . Mr. President , siop be tell I my career will be over in twenty - two minute . I be also be tell that a submarine launch missile have mirv would near Richmond . one of its multiple warhead , carry 40 kiloton , be direct in the vicinity of . Washington ; ... strange , that . so small. , . siop say the odd be 50 - 50 the target be the White House , 30 70 andrew Air Force base . [ it will arrive in seven minute , sir . the President look up to see he ewo ( emergency War order Officer ) . he be the man with the " football " , the black briefcase with the code to start a nuclear war . the ewo flick off " Mission impossible " on the tv . behind he the appointment secretary and sedgewick , the duty Officer come hurriedly through the door . int . shower and locker room == alert facility -~ fairchild ars . Water pelt o'toole , the yeang b-52d Electronic warfare Officer , with a thousand lilliputian finger . his Gulliver 's hand pummel ivory soap turn it into a froth that invade every bodily crevice . he feel good . as he work the ivory into the warmth at the top of he thigh he feel a familiar pleasure . radnor ( 0.s. ) } O'Toole ! O'Toole 's spongy knee snap into near lock -joint . {continued ) il . continued : radnor ( 0.s. ) cleanliness may be next to godliness , you Mick prick , but you can not stay in the shower all night . o' toole relax . radnor have not see . radnor begin to unlace he sneaker . o'toole do not try anything funny , radnor . one of my best friend be a security cop here and she would just love to get a couple of hot shot sac airmen on lewd behavior . radnor laugh . of o' tocle let the shower spray down the soap . then he turn the hot water off and the cold water on full the get a real jar of stimulation . ext./ int . white house sitting room / sac headquarters winking red eye become tiny orwellian orb at the top of the Washington monument light up at night . we be pulling bacx through the sitting room window . the President be grip the phone and stare at the file he ewo have spread before he . ' the appointment Secretary place a hand on the presidential shoulder , squeezing slightly , seem to nudge . the President look around he , he feel alone . president the Secretary of Defense be not here . the Secretary of State be not here . the head of the National Security Council be not here . blue general they will not be there , siz . we anticipate this . siop have account for it . president a decision of this magnitude ... blue general . we have be through this before , siz . you do not have to make that decision . the siop computer will make that decision . we need you authority . in the code . in the ewo 's briefcase . president siop will make that decision , a goddamn computer ? ( continued ) ae , 12 . continued : blue general the goddamn computer have twenty - one minute , six . you have less than seven . Mr. President , we have place all the option , determine by the best human brain of two generation in siop . the Russian option be in rsiop . it 's all there , even , I be sure , this rather strange attack sequence . president o-- strange ? . blue general we be waste time , sir . you time . sedgewick , the duty Officer who 's be on a second telephone look up plaintively . sedgewick a message be arrive on the direct teletype from the Soviet premiere , president do you hear that , General ? blue general yes , sir . nastygram on the hotline . shrewd bugger , be not they ? president what be you super brain tell you now about the premiere 's earlier message for I ? blue general six minute twenty second to impact . trajectory still uncertain . wobbling slightly . forty kiloton . Ground burst likely . 10 - 90 probability on andrew . still 50 - 50 on the White House . the President stiffen now , sense something siop never would . he place both palm against he forehead , run he finger through he haiz . president I be go downstairs to read that message . blue general you be what ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) president I be go to see that telegram , General . blue general Mr. President , you be play with the fate of million . president that 's how I earn my 200 thou , General . blue general they be mousetrapp you . president we will see . : the President hang up . we stay with the Blue General at sac headquarters , blue general get I Alice in the look Glass plane . the Blue General look around for he number two , a navy man . his code name be harpoon . blue general time to go , Admiral . we need at least two command plane up . harpoon the navy do not like to abandon ship , General . : blue general this be my ship . your be the £ 4 , the country 's go to need you and Alice up there when we be go . harpoon still ... blue general you do not want I to order you to do you duty . harpoon no . Harpoon pick up the satchel at he side , look in the General 's eye for the last time , and snap a salute . the General salute back . Harpoon leave . aide General , Alice be on the line . continued : ( 3 ) the General pick up the phone . blue general Alice , Harpoon 's launch . ext . looking glass plane ~= inflight -- night -- continuous the look Glass plane be a modify military 707 . alice ( v.o. ) yes , sir . blue general ( v.0 . ) you get the siop battle order ? missile impact projection ? int . looking glass plane <= inflight -- night -~ continuous at he workstation the two Star General , code name alice respond . alice clear as a bell , sir . blue general ( v.0 . ) print ‘em out . you be not gonna have computer long . alice it 's be do , siz . blue general ( v.0 . ) I will try to get back to you with a couple of minute to go ; Harpoon , too . my clock say nineteen minute . alice o611 zulu . bloe general ( v.0 . ) right . int . game room w= alert facility -= fairchild afb rkazaklis kick the Space invader game in frustration . kazaklis damn machine . life 's run by goddamn computer that do not work . kazaklis kick the machine again and turn to find halupalai grin at he . ( continued ) not continued : kazaklis you laugh at I , you over - the-hill beach boy ? I do not : know who 's worse , you or Moreau . you at least have a iq bigger than you shoe size . it 's very hard to pilot a plane with the president of the Girls athletic League . halopalal you be hopeless , kazaklis . why do not you let up on she ? kazaklis I ? do not lay that one on I , pal . this joint 's be like a sorority house since Moreau show up . halupalai uh uh . you would like that . kazaklis she still walk around here like she 's get cramp twenty - eight day amonth . you think you can trust somebody with nuke if they be on the rag ? halupalai go quiet . he do not want to play anymore . de drift a far , far distance away . kazaklis ' smile fade . he look at halupalai for a moment . kazaklis why do not you get cut of this , halupalai ? how old be you , forty - two ? forty - three ? be through nam . why do not you retire and coach feothall in that island of yours ? and then the siren wail . halupalai bolt out of he chair . he start he seatback dash , pivot sharply under the howling klaxon over the door and collide with a terror stricken vietnamese dishwasher with a plastic tub full of plate . no word of social grace be uttere , the clock be on they now . kazaklis hit the hallway , trail only slightly . int . moreaus dorm room -- alert facility -- fairchild afb Moreau land on she foot before she sleepy brain have completely change gear . her roommate move simultaneously and the two woman wedge in the door . ( continued ) 16 . continued : halupalai shoot past in the hallway before Moreau elbow out fir : , tipping the chastity belt photo in the scuffle . she slip in front of kazaklis take off with long , long stride . kazaklis cut off the roommate , cause she to stumble . int . library -- alert facility -- fairchild afb we see Tyler do a little indian dance as he hop on one foot , shen the other , tucking the lace into he boot without tie they . he slam he economics text shut and run . int . shower and locker room -- alert facility -- fairchild O'Toole 's heart leap , as he stomach sink , in a desperate attempt to turn off the cold water . radnor be already pull on he flight suit over he work - out short . he glance over at O'Toole with no sign of sympathy . radnor you gonna have one very clean , very cold fanny , pal . o' toole silently answer with a " oh , shit " look in he eye . he grab a towel , discard it immediately -- second tick away -< - and pull he flight suit on over he drip wet bedy . he force he wet foot into he boot , grab he sock , underwear , and fligh suit and start run . he pause in the doorway , lurch after another towel , miss , drop he sock , pause , leave the sock and start run again like a scared kid on the way to the dentist , int . white house situation room -- WASHINGTON , D.C. the President be surround by oppressive grey file cabinet . he be impatiently wait for the telegraph operator , a Army signal corpsman to finish . as the corpsman finish , he force a look of getachment as he hand the telegram to the President . as the President begin to read we hear the Russian Premier 's voice . premier ( v.0 . ) my dear Mr. President . by now you eat aware that my government have launch a limited number of nuclear weapon at you country . the missile be selectively destine for target which will infliet minimum damage on you great nation and its civilian population and even its military resource . ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . continued : premier ( cont would ) you wisdom at this delicate time can minimize the consequence of this event which the mistake of both nation have make inevitable . the parameter of we action must be clear to you by now -- a strike at all you bomber basis , a single icbm complex in Montana , and you primary command facility at omaha and cheyenne Mountain . this show the obvious == that all you target , like all cur , be vulnerable . there be one final element . a single small warhead have be direct at andrew Air Force base . it have be set for ground burst explosion which will do little damage beyond the base . the target be symbolic , andrew be the base from which you would normally leave Washington . some of my colleague demand the inclusion of a intimidation factor . it will do you no personal harm . ext . alert facility -- fairchild af3 the hair in o'tcole 's nostril be freeze . '' icy dart jab through the sole of he boot . we hear the SOUND of wet feet slosh inside . his mind be numb as he careen down the out-ramp of the alert facility . only he instinct and he training propel nim after nis crewmate . ext . b-52 flight line -- fairchild afb near the wing tip of they plane , Moreau , halupalai , and kazaklis be neck and neck . Moreau scramble up the belly hold first . kazaklis enter next , he grop hand landing on the inside of the co-pilot 's thigh . moreau you bastard ! kazaklis move it , Moreau . I have feel better thigh on a supermarket fryer . at the top of the stairwell , Moreau hurry forward to the right hand co-pilot 's seat . she pull the white , moon man helmet over she head , adjust the radio to all five channel . kazaklis slip into the leave hand seat and do the same . ( continued ) continued : kazarlis ignition . moreao ignition . kazaklis ' sinewy hand , cover in fire - proofed glove , begin manipulate eight white engine throttles . the engine roar begin to accelerate . he glance at the luminous dial of he watch and begin to chafe . he turn and peer into the dark recess of the back of the compartment . he see two form over the lock code box . halupalai be shaking O'Toole violently , then slap he hard . kazaklis code ! have you idiot go mad back there ?! code !! int . white house situation room -- WASHINGTON , D.C. the President 's appointment Secretary place a hand on the President 's shoulder . appointment secretary Mr. President , please , there be so little time . the President glance up briefly then resume read . the Russian Premier 's voice continue as before . : : : ~ premier ( v.0 . ) it be of epochal importance that you understand my rationale and recognize that this be not a attempt at territorial or political gain . it be a moderate response to political teality inside my nation -- and you nation as well . we have talk to no avail and the insanity continue , quite simply , Mr. President , my nation cannot afford to match you arm buildup . nor can it allow they to go unmatch . two week ago , the politburo vote to mount a full scale pre-emptive attack against you military and strategic target . a second assault be poise against you city if you respond . I be able to delay that action , but I have merely rpught we a brief moment for one last , perhaps desperate effort to halt the madness . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : int . b-52 19 . premier ( cont would ) I think we all , the leader of both we nation , know it inevitably must come to this -- or worse . therefore , to be blunt , Mr. President , you now have three choice , only two of which be acceptable to we . you can accept the damage and we will stop , the world divide as it be now between we . like you , I be a politician . TI cannot imagine my political system allow I to accept that choice . you second choice be to respond with a limited counter attack that inflict on my nation a similar amount of damage . we will accept that , provide the world 's sphere of influence remain the same and the arm increase cease . we galculation show that you will lose between six and nine million people in we attack . we will accept a similar loss . it be a tremendous price to pay but perhaps it can serve as a symbol that show all faction in beth we nation the lunacy of the game we have be dlay . you will be under tremendous pressure , as I be , to respond massively . this be you third choice . if this be you ultimate choice my government already have decide to reply in kind , even before you missile land . 1 pray now , Mr. President , that the distrust be not total and that , through the pain of the next few minute , you make the decision that can bring this to a less than perfect end , but a end . -- fairchild afb kazaklis ( into he radio ) gunneri : po. something . halupalail I have get a block of ice here , Commander . O'Toole 's freeze like a side of beef . I can not get he to move . ( continued ) continued : halupalai attaches t Moreau un the standa kazaklis O'Toole , you son of a bitch , if halupalai do not kick you in the ball , I will come back there and you will never use that precious jewel of yours again . halupalai he can not hear you , sir , he helmet 's off . kazaklis Jesus , hook he up . jam the white helmet over 0 ' toole 's unmove head and he radio joint . razaklis O'Toole , can you hear I ? o'toole «.. mama , kazaklis oh , Jesus wept . moreau as well he might . razaklis shut up , Moreau . moreau you be the aircraft commander , Commander . kazaklis and what would you do , co-pilot ? moreau go back there and warm he up one way or another . kazarlis that will be the day . map she shoulder harness , reach into she pocket for to red filter pen light , and wheel out of she seat . a tiny beam of light wobble towards the two figure . finally Moreau rea ches O'Toole and grab he helmet in she hand . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) moreau le. o' toole , we be in combat condition . give I the key . o' toole stare mesmerize by Moreau 's eye . his lip move wordlessly . moreao the key ! o'toole suh...cur...uty ... securzity vi...lay ... shun , . moreau then do it yourself , Lieutenant . now ! | pause . o'toole mama . kazaklis Jesus . Rick he in the gonad . i'm not kid , Moreau , kick he in the ball . Moreau edge closer to O'Toole . she slide she helmet visor down so . she head be fully encase . she place the red penligh on she chin , shine the red ray up inside the visor . halupalai react to the vision . o' toole 's eye widen in fear . moreau ( sing -song ) give I the key ... give I the key . o'toole angelus moratuorum . moreau the key , Lieutenant . he give she the key . moreau give I the combination . o'toole one ... fourteen ........ thirty -two . Moreau tug at halupalai . they bend over the code box and enter the key , turn they simultaneously . she nod and they spin the swin combination lock . the sop ef the box pop open and she reach in for the two code folder . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 3 ) she hand one to halupalai then pull he ear close to she mouth . moreaq strap he in . we will get he out of here soon . : Moreau move back toward she seat . it 's cold . her breath trail behind . int . white house situation room the President ison the phone with the Blue General . president how long ? blue general ( v.0 . ) forty - five second . president the warhead be aim at andrew . surgical ground burst . symbolic . blue general ( v.0 . ) horseshit . president put siop on this problem . I want a responsive attack design as closely as possible to the Soviet attack , take out all they surface - to- air missile basis , plus token icbm installation and a - submarine base . take out they command facility and put the same kilotonnage come at andrew , at vnukovo airfield outside Moscow . leave the rest of theiz strategic system intact . under no cizcumstance be the plan to kill more than nine million Soviet citizen . not one more . do you understand ? blue general ( v.0 . ) Mr. President , you be be con on a level unprecedented in human history . ( continued ) 23 . continued : president General , I will hear no more of this , instruct you computer . when the response be program , I will activate the ewo code through the proper civilian authority as the law require . the President hand the phone to the much impressed duty Officer . the President slump in a armchair and close he eye . in the background the teletype begin chatter . int . 5 - 52 +- fairchild af3 razaklis turn to check a elevation read for the Fairchild tunway , co-ordinate it to sea level on another altimeter . kazaklis two . four , five . Seven , moread two. four. five. Seven . kazaklis Los Angeles moratorium ? moreau Angeles moratuorum . grade school Latin for angel of death . kazaklis wrath of the church , huh ? figure you would like the ball - break approach better . moreau screw you , kazaklis . just get you job do . we need to get the poor bastard out of here pronto . even if you be the one who think it 's real every time the alarn go off , kazaklis you better think it 's real , angel , it 's simpler that way . Moreau cut kazaklis out of she radio circuit and go on personal with halupalai . moreau gunner ! Launch code check . halopalai Roger . ( continued ) 24 . continued : o' toole sit silently at he own station in the rear , light flash meaninglessly in front of he . kazaklis return to he routine : check flap , adjust engine revolution , check gauge , and then a final eheck on the bright yellow square at he right , just beyond the throttles . bomb door not latched read the first square . bomb door OPEN read the second . the third square read bomb door not close and locked . one by one the yellow light blip off as kazaklis secure the door . halupalal code check ready , Commander . kazaklis code check ready . halupalal Zero . Zero. alpha. hotel. one nineer . Zero. three. Quebec . nin-er . Quebec . kazaklis repeat the call carefully as he punch each one into she new decoder . kazaklis Zero . Zero. alpha. hotel. one nin-er . Zero. three. Quebec . nin-er. quebec. : ~ the code match . ' fhe hair on he arm begin to stand up . kazaklis sequence two . halupalal Zebra . Zebra . Zebra . six. Zero. two. nineer. , nineer . Fox trot . kazaklis freeze . it be one digit off a " go . " kazaklis compilot , recheck sequence cwo , moreau Zebra . Zero , Zebra ... kazarlis code word ! halupalal trinity . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) kazarlis Tower . I want voice confirmation . sequence one , go . sequence two , go . code : trinity . confirm . voice ( solemn ) confirm trinity . confirm go . Inside the B - 52 the radio go deadly silent . then kazaklis place he hand on the throttles and begin the crew check . razaklis coepilot , ready ? moread ready . kazaklis Navigator , ready ? tyler ready . kazaklis hit the throttles . he be calm , feel the dance with danger . the plane be roll now . kazaklis any question ?... any joke ? the jet noise rise to a crescendo , int . white house situation room -- WASHINGTON , d.c . we see large black capital letter reading vertically -- like some . dream - world eye chart : bo phuthatswan A. reverse to find the President 's face , blink . he be pin under a tangle of filing cabinet . he lie on he appointment Secretary 's belly . a huge file cabinet lay across the Secretary 's face . Red be already beginning to seep from underneath . the President react , try to wrench away , and can not . sedgewick hold on , Mr. President . we will have you out in a minute . we now have pull back far enough to see the whole room . acoustical ceiling piece wobble , loosely . the conference table be splinter , file and chair be scattered about . still , in one corner the swo stand unruffled , he suit hardly muss , he black briefcase intact . other begin move around the room methodically . president so where would we get it ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : sedgewick help the President to he foot . sedgewick not exactly sure , sir . Northwest of here , not at andrew . president why be we alive ? the President look at he dead Secretary and a wave of dizziness hit he , sedgewick take it easy , Mr. President ... I think they be tell the truth about a ground burst . I think the explosion be small , dig a big hole and concentrate the damage . president what else ? sedgewick well , ... unless it land in a park it probably land in a residential area . Upper northwest Washington . at this time of night , I would say fifty thousand people just die . all in the room take stock of that line . president what next ? . sedgewick Communications be out . briefly , to think . we will have omaha back up any second . ah , you also have another message from the Soviet Premier . it be arrive as communication go down . president give it to I . as the President read we see the message and hear the Soviet Premier 's voice again . premier ( v.a. ) andrew missile malfunction . deep regret . target military . repeat : target , andrew . all at stake in you belief in my intention . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) premier ( cont would ) we combine will crucial , other unexpected complication force ... the message break off . ' the President rub he temple , he head swim again . sedgewick gmaha 's back . the President take the phone . president hello , General . blue general they overshot andrew by thirteen mile . the blast wave roll right up reck Creek Park and take out walter reed Hospital . my father be there , president I be truly sorry . blue - general it 's irrelevant . he be sick . he be a soldier . a father should die before he son . anyway the hospital be not the target . andrew be not the target . you be the target . you be very lucky , Mr. President . you get what I will not -' a second chance , president a second chance ? blue general stop be now develop a more appropriate tesponse . there have be some unusual development , the Premier have get a lot of problem . you get a second chance to save the world from that bastard , Mr. President . president save the world ? 28 . int . sth grade classroom -- moreaus flashback circa 1960 we see the six year old Moreau seat at she desk , she hand fold . we see the young woman school teacher hold a stop watch and a clipboard look anxiously at she class and at the clock on the wall . as the big hand and the second hand reach twelve she shout . teacher flash ! simultaneously the fifth grade class drop to the floor , crouching beneath they desk . over this we hear : radio voice this be a test . this station be ' conduct a test of the emergency Broadcasting system . we hear a high pitch whine . 2en-n-nen=nen=n-n=-n-n-nen . as the whine change pitch we begin to dissolve rapidly and : int . b=52 cockpit -= inflight ~- dusk Moreau jerk slightly at the sound . she turn and see kazaklis teach for the lead-line flash curtain . he tug at the dirty screen , pull it across he side of the cockpit window . the whine stop . kazaklis I have get it now , co-pilot . pull you > curtain , Moreau look at he strangely , still believe this be a drill . kazarklis draw you curtain , co-pilot . moreau . . be you nut , kazaklis ? we have get commercial jet out there . tome not pull my screen in a drill , no way . kazaklis draw ...that ... screen . Moreau tighten . kazaklis ( calm ) take the plane , co-pilot . he then lunge out of he seat and reach across the cockpit towaré Moreau 's curtain , in the closeness , he glove hand accidentally catch Moreau in the left eye before he grasp the curtain , the plane nose downward as Moreau drop the control , pull she hand up over she leave eye . kazaklis wrench at the curtain and succeed in close all but a narrow gap . ( continued ) 29 . continued : he sit back in he seat , take the control and steady the plane . Moreau sit mute for a moment , she leave hand remain over she eye . now with she right hand she stretch forward to close the gap in the curtain . we see she one eye stare . then we see she pov of the winter white moon she be try to shut out . then the moon burst . it burst into a sun , then into ten thousand sun . Moreau 's eye remain transfix on the curtain crack . then the screen go white for a few second . radnor ( v.0 . ) what the hell be that ? moreau Angeles moratuorum . o'toole ( v.0 . ) mama . kazaklis knock it off . everybody . moreau angel of death ... kazaklis . Moreau , stop babbling . 1 need you . '' now . Moreau begin to turn toward kazaklis . her leave hand come down from she eye . in the haunt red light of they cocoon , the cover eye now peer at we its usual blue . the other eye stare fleck with white , dead blind . kazaklis --. moreaau , Moreau swallow hard , moreaq the optic nerve be go ... I do not feel any pain . let 's get on with it . . angle on halupalai and o'toole who sit side by side , there to the cockpit . halupalai 's hand be instinctively on the ejection lever . halupalai Jesus Christ . ( continued ) for x continued : ( 2 ) kazaklis ( v.0 . ) shock wave ! brace ! halupalai jerk he hand away from the ejection lever . he do not want it there when the shock wave hit . rkazaklis ( v.0 . ) pour , five , six ... halupalai close he eye for a instant . he be riding a 30 foot wave on a surfboard in the sun . the wave crest over he . the eye blink open , rkazaklis ( v.0 . ) seven , eight , nine ... int , b-82 cockpit -- inflight , .climbing kazaklis and Moreau be pull back on they stick , hard , try to get the buff as high as possible . it will take all they strength . the altimeter read 8,500 ... 8,600 , . kazaklis ten , eleven , t... the shock wave hit . kazaklis look like he 's be hit in the gut , then slubbe . he be hurl forward into the pinch embrace of he seat harness , then whipped back . he can hear the B - s2 's wing groan under the immense stress , but he be groggy as if in a dream . moreau get the nose down , kazaklis !... damn it , you be go to stall we ! the air speed gauge tread under mach . 35 . ' the horizon indicator seem to be all out of kilter . kazaklis gauge , malfunction . moreag nose down ! kazaklis ignore she . the air speed indicator drop further . yellow alarm light start flash all over like a pinball machine . a well place judo chop find the soft joint in kazaklis ' shoulder where the nerve be expose . his hand withdraw from the wheel in a reflex motion . Moreau sit hunch over she wheel , nudging the nose down . kazaklis be tubbing the pain in he shoulder , then the after shock hit , swiftly and in rapid succession . the shock pass more or less quietly and with decrease vicor . a few beat pass then kazaklis cock a eye at Moreau ... ( continued ) 31 . continued : kazaklis well , I owe you one , Moreau , Moreau turn towards he . moreau I would say we be even , Commander . razaklis see what he can read inte that but she be so steady there be no way of tell . she turn back to she control . kazaklis okay , let 's find out what happen . ( into radio ) nav , this be the pilot . you guy comfy down there ? int . b- 52 -- inflight -~ navigator compartment down below , the first and second navigator sit side by side at desk - like radar console . the feel be claustrophobic and the red light bring the wall in closer . tyler ( flatly ) scope 's mess up . for kazaklis I you sure ? our be werk now . tyler goddamnit , I say my scope 's mess up . radnor lock over at Tyler who be stare blankly at he cross-hatch screen . the circle arm of the radar pass over a ugly spot , like a amoeba under a microscope . then another , and another . radnor catch a sob in he throat . he pull back from Tyler 's screen fight back tear , radnor Three detonation , Commander . tyler nooooo ! radnor one slightly below we , maybe fifteen mile ahead , fifteen degree south , the other be behind we , airburst altitude , due east ... roughly twelve of " and sixteen mile now . ) radnor try to place a reassure hand on Tyler 's shoulder . Tyler push it away savagely . 32 . int . b-52 cockpit == ] inflight a Moreau motion kazaklis to flip the radio to they private channel . moreag Tyler have not get much to go home to . kazaklis Dead center . one on the base and one on the town . one misfire . moreau bastard , rkazaklis . what would you have do ? this be not tiddly - wink , pal . they want to catch we on the ground . it almost work . moreau yeah . instead I become pirate Annie . kazaklis ignere she , he mind flipping through option . kazaklis a what would you do if you be a sub commander and you job be to take we out , all the way out ? moreau hit we again in thirty to sixty second , in case I miss , in case my warhead detonate each other , in case someone escape . kazaklis that 's right . se , if you be sit out in the Pacific guess eight minute age , where would you have dumped the next load ? moreag West . they know we would take off west . and north , where we be turn . kazaklis right ... and wrong . we be turn south . 4 moreag ie tahiti ? the base commander would ne love it . ( continued ) w~ ft continued : 33. xazarlis no palm tree for you , Moreau . I gotta loop we around one big hot mother of a cloud . we be play percentage baseball tonight . the B - 52 bank sharply leave . pause , moreaug we need a rem count . kazaklis you be not glow in the dark yet , Moreau . moreag get off my back , kazaklis . we need to know how much radiation we take . kazaklis not now we do not . [ t 's irrelevant be not it ? for a ten hour suicide trip you be gonna live long enough . we will check later . right now I would xather know if we have any friendly with we . moreau ( into radio ) «.- radnor ? radnor beat I , Captain . I can only see one aircraft on my screen .... in a very strange place . half dozen mile behind we , very low , head northwest . Moreau change radio channel . moreau polar bear cub , this be mama bear look for stray . do you read ? this be polar bear one lock for polar bear two . polar bear three ( v.c. ) hello , mama bear , Nice to hear you voice . this be polar bear Three . ya 'all lookin’ for we , too ? moreau : you be way off course , polar bear Three . continued : 34 . ( 2 ) polar bear three {v.0 . ) not suhprisin ' . nope not suhprisin ' a'tall to hear that . moreau polar bear Three . do you have problem ? polar bear three ( v.o. ) might say so , mama . couple . moreac can we help you ? polar bear three ( v.c. ) do not rightly think so , thanks . yaeall get to write the manual for World War iv , underline the part about pull you screen , hear ? moreau you be blind . polar bear three ( v.0 . ) Flying this buff by braille , mama bear . moreau - hang in there , polar bear . [ t 's not the end of ... Moreau stop . polar bear Three chuckle . polar bear three ( v.o. ) li'l slip there , mama bear . hope yore right . but I think that 's ya-all 's problem now . not ours . moreau there 's a lot of desert down there , polar bear Three . we will talk you down . kazaklis goddamn it , Moreau . we be not talk anybody , anywhere . polar bear three ( v.o. ) calm down , Commander . we already talk and none of we feel much like wanderin ' around in the desert for a few hour stumblin ' over mutated prairie dog . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) polar bear three ( cont would ) ' fraid I wobble we right through the edge of a cloud . we teok about 2000 rems . in a hospital we would be ' dead in thirty - six hour . if we be goin’ to a hospital . angle on radnor at he navigator 's station . he be shaking like a leaf , on the radar screen in front of he , the blip represent polar bear Three be head for what look like a pulsate jelly fish . polar bear three ( v.oc . ) think we will just mosey on north and see how far we git . we do not make it , yawall do we a favor ? git that commie motha for we . pardon the language , mama bear . the jelly fish pulse on the screen about to envelop polar bear Three . radnor «.. Commander ! the screen flash a little , then again before there be no more blip for polar bear Three . a sizzling static SOUND be heard on the radic which then subside . : ~ kazaklis ( v.0 . ) «+- radar ? moreau ( v.0 . ) polar bear Three . this be mama bear . do you read I ? kazaklis ( v.a. ) you see any airplane down there , radar ? radnor nothing , siz . they head straight into the detonation . tyler commancéer ? would you turn on the heater ? it 's colder than a well - digger 's ass down here . razaklis ( v.o. ) well , tylez . glad yeu could join we . '' 36 . int . white house situation room -- WASHINGTON , D.C. blue general ( v.0 . ) «+ the chinese have hit the Russians on they border . the Pakistanis and the Indians have plane with a-bomb head for each other 's capital . the israely have plane head in every direction with a message to we say ' stay out of we way . 's president just a second , General . bluish - white tongue of flame from acetylin torch on the other side of the door slice away at the remain hinge . the door give way . half a dozen secret serviceman sweep in with stubby submachine gun . the President barely acknowledge they and turn back to the phone . president General , sorry for the commotion . can you continue please ? blue general {( v.o. ) we have have a detonation in Damascus . and also in Southern Africa . president : : that 's one way to solve apartheid . blue general ( v.0 . ) everyone seem to be solving they problem , sir . president . General , do you allot no credibility wnatsoever to the possibility the Premier 's intention be exactly as he state they ? blue general ( v.o. ) Mr. President , must we go through canis ? president +++ yes . ( continued ) continued : 37 . blue general ( v.0 . ) T allot none . if I do , would not a attack on we missile sile have be much more reasonable , much more humanitarian ? they be . far more isolate than we bomber basis . fewer civilian would have be kill . president General , I do not think you believe that . such a attack would have leave we almost naked militarily . unfortunately we can afford to lose the people more than we can afford to lose the icbm . the Premier know that . bloe general ( v.o. ) Mr. President , as God be my witness , it do not make any difference . it have go too far . president so , what do siop say about the solution to we problem . blue general ( v.0 . ) siop have compose a simple two - part sequence . Launch half we icbm force from alternate silo , target Soviet silo . if the Soviets tespond , even they computer will be hard put to determine which of we silo be empty and which be not . president and how do rsiop say it would raspond under the circumstance ? : blue general ( v.0 . ) ( long pause ) ... rsiop cannet read the extreme political confusion in Moscow at the moment . president how would rsiop respond , General ? blue general ( v.0 . ) in a politically normal situation , rsiop predict a full Launch of Soviet icbm . ( continued ) ~ 38 . continued : ( 2 ) president the target ? blue general ( v.o0 . ) double target of the missile field , all NATO installation in Europe , the remainder of the military target in the United States ... president and ?... city ? blue general ( v.0 . ) more than likely . the President close he eye . his mind be become rubbery . he force himself to think . there be a embarrassing long silence . sedgewick Sir ? blue general ( v.c. ) Mr. President !... Mr. President !... the Russians have just launch more icbm . president be they direct at we ? blue general ( v.o. ) we can not tell yet . be you suggest we wait ? the President be cornere and he know it . president 's - no . I will go with siop . we will do it in the prescribe fashion . the President take the briefcase from the emergency War order Officer and handle the detail as easily as signing milk - support bill . when he finish he have real pain in he eye . he look up at the duty Officer . president do you think the Premier be sincere ? sedgewick do not torture yourself , Mr. President . we have to leave right now . president do you ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 3 ) sedgewick I doubt it . the idea be child - like . impossible . ext . e-4 <= inflight -- night the ee4 , a convert 747 with United States of America paint on its side fly camera right . blue general ( v.0 . ) Harpoon ? you get the siop battle order change ? harpoon ( v.0 . ) instantly , sir . int , e-4 += communications station -— inflight blue general ( v.0 . ) I do not know if this President be go to make it to andrew . who do the presidential successor locator say be most likely to succeed ? harpoon number eight , sir . the Secretary of the Interior . he be do a little p.r. inspect a wilderness preserve near baton rouge . the fbr and the Marines be out look for he now . we be two hour away head south . blue general ( v.0 . ) let 's hope he will not be necessary but I doubt it . a lot of big wig be go to get it tonight ! ext . looking glass plane -= inflight -- night this military version of a 707 fly underneath we . blue general ( v.0 - . ) Alice ? you computer show the new target projection in the Soviet Union ? alice ( v.0 . ) yes , sir . 40 . int , looking glass plane -- alice' station -- inflight blue general ( v.0 . ) you update on the impact area in the United States ? alice affirmative . blue general well , I have give you about all I can . tt will be up to you and Harpoon now . Alice look at he watch which read 0630 zulu . he swallow hard . blue general ( v.o0 . ) Old buddy ? happy hunt ... Alice hear nothing . just a SNAP , like a twig break . he silently say good - bye . after a moment we can hear low popping sound , electronic crackle . then groan and shouting from the crew . Alice look down the aisle of the look Glass plane . Computers flare and die . Men and woman shout futilely at machine that do not work . ext . white house rose garden -- night the lighting be very sketchy . it 's hard to see but the sound be frightening . we hear thousand of voice , gutteral , primal , ugly . we hear the angry scourge of metal on metal , car scraping , colliding , ramming on Pennsylvania Avenue . horn blare everywhere , gunfire pop far off and then in burst nearby . through it all we hear the whump - whump -whumb of the President 's helicopter . a flare go off briefly freeze - frame figure of man clamber over the East fence . the flare go out but now the red tracers from they gun sweep toward we . sedgewick knock the President to the ground . one , two , many secret serviceman fling themselves on top . ping , ping , the bullet hit the side of the chopper . sedgewick take it easy , sir . just stay down . president who be that people ? sedgewick people , people , sir . scare , angry , spook people . president why be they shoot at I ? ( continued ) continued : sedgewick you have get the last train out of town , Mr. President . the other secret service agent crouch low in a circle around they . one of they speak urgently into he radio , agent # 1 I know that , goddammit . do you want he dead or alive ? no , he do not have he vest on . he 's get he bathrobe on ! yes , I understand . ( to the President ) we do not have time to wait this out . can you see the chopper , Mr. President ? president yes . agent # 1 the Marines be gonna open up ina few second . we be gonna run . head down . no step . full speed . run. understand ? president yes . agent 41 can you - do it ? president yes . in that moment the world explode again in gunfire . he run to the bottom of the helicopter stair and stumble . one agent and the duty Officer catch he and shove he roughly up the stair . the helicopter lift off at a strange angle , bank sharply over the tree , and flash by the Washington monument on its way toward andrew Air Force sase . int . be52 -- pilot' station «= inflight kazaklis in another 150 mile we should be able to ... radio ( v.o. ) it 's red-neckin ' ( twang ! twang ! ) luv-makin ' ( twang ! twang ! ) time . the radio voice pound into the crew 's earphone . a claw electric guitar assault the eardrum . ( continued ) 42. continued : razaklis what the hell be that ? radio ( v.0 . ) listen to the whipporwills ( twang ! ) hew they sing ( twang ! twang ! ) . just like we , doin ' theiz thing ! ( twang ! ) kazaklis psywar ! Fucking Russians be try to psyche we ! _ moreau ( calmly ) oh uh . it 's conway twitty . Tyler 's try to convince we this be still a drill . razaklis clasp he helmet in both hand as if he be try to smother the earphone . kazaklis ty! lez ! ( twang ! twang ! ) ty - fuck - ler ! radnor ( v.0 . ) Tyler 's pick up a radio station . razaklis get that fucker off ! as twitty 's twang wind down , tyler ( v.0 . ) ( serene ) I know you guy be wrong . they be alive down there . it 's a drill , all of this be simulate . just like everything else . radio ( v.o. ) ox¥ ! [ I can tell you where the acne-cause bacteria be ! all over you face -- lurking , fester , pimple all over you face . buy oxy today and destroy you zit . kazaklis Tyler ! damn you ! tyler ( v.0 . ) it 's a drill , ( continued ) 43. continued : ( 2 ) radio ( v.0 . ) hel ... lo again . this be crazy Eddie , stickin ' by the phone so you be never alone on Big boom night . Kay ...0h ... you ... double you -- in humpin ' , jumpin ' , coquille , Oregon ! tyler ( v.0 . ) ( confident ) it 's a drill . pretty fancy one , be not it ? kazaklis pause for a moment , then explode . razaklis they be dead , damn you , Tyler ! you wife , you kid , everybody we leave behind . Dead , dead , dead . get that ? Dead ! you be alive and you get a job to do . do it ! and turn off that fuck radio . the radio go silent as do the rest of the plane . moreau what a jerk . kazaklis ( deadpan ) conway twitty or crazy Eddie ? help I turn this buff back north . int . helicopter == inflight -- night the helicopter lurch suddenly , half throw the President 's into the aisle , the young naval aide catch he . sedgewick fasten you belt , sir . it 's go to get rough . the President lock uncertain . sedgewick we be not go to make it to andrew . we be make a run for it . president run ? sedgewicx it 's safest , sir . president President do not run . ( continued ) of 44 , continued : sedgewick fasten he own seat belt . sedgewick Mr. President , we have just enter another stage of escalation . president what be you talk about ? sedgewick the second Soviet launch ... it be at the chinese , not we . we kick thing up a level . they just kick we back . a lot of missle be fly . president oh my God . sedgewick we 'te go to try to get you to a safe place , sir . president I have get to try to turn this thing off , sedgewick . sedgewick yes , sir . the President try to hide he emotion . ' the whole thing seem to be slip beyond he control . he look out the window , he eye rest on the full winter white moon hover above the dark horizon , the moon burst , it burst into a sun , then into the light of a thousand sun . int , b- 52 -+ inflight kazarlis let I have a fuel read , please . moreau ( check ) two hundred ninety - three thousand pound . kazaklis Roger , two hundred ninety - three thousand pound . almost half empty . moreau more than half - full . ( continued ) continued : kazaklis right . enough for the primary -- irkutsk , olan - ude , the angara dam ... hot enough to escape over the chinese border . moreau I be sure we will hear about a refueling rendezvous soon . they could not have knock out the look Glass plane . Moreau unsnap she helmet and try to relax . she set she helmet aside and catch she reflection in the picture tube of she radar screen . she smile silently to herself , then put on she radio headset . . moreaq hey , how 's the crazy irishman do back there ? ( no answer ) O'Toole ? we should now cut to whoever be talk at they various station aboard the b-52 . halupalai lift he hand off he crewmate 's close fist . halupalai he 's dead , Captain . moread Dead ? halopalai hypothermia . shock . heart attack . who know ? kazaklis shit , we need that . we really need that . moreaq sweet Christ , kazaklis . kazaklis halupalai . move O'Toole down toa the catwalk . radnor . give he a hand . int , 3 - 52 -- gunner' station <= inflight halupalai unbuckle himself , then begin the process of unbuckle O'Toole 's stiff body from its harness , radnor skittishly come up from below to help . ~~ 46 . int . b- 52 -- navigator' station -= inflight Tyler ignore the whole proceeding he crewmate struggle to get the body down the ladder . he never look once as the body be laid out behind he . radnor return to he position next to Tyler while halupalai return to he , upstairs . q'toole 's body have a profound effect on radnor . he stare at the two v-angle boot , the two leg and the beginning of O'Toole 's torso , all bath in a malevolent red hue . now he catch Tyler touch the glossy image of he son -- a kodak icon that Tyler have paste above he radar screen . Tyler talk softly to it while he finger caress the little cherub cheek in the photograph . radnor want to scream , but he do not . this whole thing be give he the jitter . he remember he own wife and then begin to sob . after a few moment radnor call on he training and with great effort shake he head , wipe he tear , and begin to work again with he instrument . int . b- 52 -- gunner' station -- inflight halupalai sit at he station stare off into space . as tail gunner he have nothing to do . kazaklis ( v.0 . ) halupalai ? you think you can handle O'Toole 's toy for we ? halupalai you bet , Commander . ( pause ) I , I think I can , Commander , razaklis ( v.0 . ) congratulation , you have the first battlefield commission of this here war , or whatever it be we be into . halupalai I will take the job , Commander . you keep the bar , . kazaklis ( v.0 . ) you be never gonna get ahead in this world , sarge , int , b-52 -- pilot' station -- inflight kazaklis motion for Moreau to take the wheel . ' then with both hand he take off he heavy white helmet and replace it with a head set . he fish around in he flight jacket for a cigarette . {continued ) continued : kazaklis watch the match . 47 . the light of the match flare briefly in the darken cockpit . moreau afraid you will blind I ? on the radic suddenly : rlickitat one ( v.o. ) jima 14 , jima 14 . this be klickitat one . I see ya up there , yank , but I do not hear ya . aincha get a few word for a lonely canuck ? kazaklis ( to Moreau ) who the hell be klickitat one ? moreau some rattle bush pilot ? kazaklis no . he 's on we frequency . he must be a radar watcher at some fire base . he know he should not be talk . check the book . fast . Moreau retrieve a two inch book mark in fade black letter : procedcres -~ top secret . moread ask he , '' how 's fishing ? " kazaklis how 's fishing ? klickitat one ( v.0 . ) through the ice . grayle and Northern Pike . moreau reply : " walley not bite , partner ? " razarlis walley not bite , partner ? klickitat one ( v.0 . ) oh , yank , I be glad it 's you . I have be at this two hour while everybody else be get drunker than a skunk over at Ruby 's . be it just one of ya 's ? ( continued ) continued : 48. ( 2 ) kazarlis this be polar bear one . klickitat one ( v.0 . ) you be it . elsie 's have a change in plan . she 's be wait for you at the corner of ninth and easy street . get that ? easy nin-er . kazaklis easy nin-er . Moreau trace E down to 9 on a chart in she book . moread smack dab on the Arctic Circle , Commander . at 124 degree west longitude . kazaklis ( to klickitat ) God damn it . I do not think I believe you , klickitat one ( v.o. ) do not damn I , yank . this be you fuss . we just happen to be you friend passin ' on a message . take it or leave it . then I be gonna sit back and wait for the ash to start fallin ' . kazaklis you know the game . I have gotta take my order from omaha or the look Glass . klickitat one ( v.c. ) great theory , yank , but they phone seem to be off the hook at the moment . kazaklis I do not believe the Russians take out everything , not the look Glass . klickitat one ( v.0 . ) you do not need to leok up emp , electro magnetic pulse , in that book of yours do ya , yank ? ya have two big boom tonight 100 mile above you prairy . ( more ) ( continued ) os continued : 49 . ( 3 ) klickitat one ( cont would ) send out enough voltage to purt near burn out every vacuum tube and transistor in America , kazaklis o.k. klickitat , I guess I get a date on easy Street . klickitat one ( v.0 . ) one more thing , yank . I would haul ass if iwas you . b8lsie 's run out of gas . razaklis the refueling plane be run out of fuel ? klickitat one ( v.0 . ) oh , she 's get some in the tank for you , polar bear one , just not enough for both of you . kazaklis God . so when 's the date ? klickitat one ( v.0 . ) twenty minute , I get she headin ' south soon as I pick you up on the screen . razaklis thanks , pal . run on over to Ruby 's and have a drink on I . klickitat one ( v.o. ) naw . I can use the overtime . somebody 's get to watch the pole for you guy . thumb up , yank . kazaklis thumb up , canuck . kazaklis switch the radio dial to intercom . kazaklis o.k. , navigator , give I a course correction for a intercept point roughly twenty minute from now . you get the tanker 's coordinate ? no reply be hear , ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 4 ) , razarlis Tyler ? tyler ( v.0 . ) timmie ? . razaklis look at Moreau , despair . he rub he cheek abrasively with he glove . kazaklis Tyler ! CUT to : int . b- s2 -=- navigator' station -= inflight Tyler 's eye be rivete on the photo of he son . cautiously , - radner nudge he on the arm . radnor you want I to do it ? tyler De it ? , radnor t the Commander need a new course to the intercept point with the tanker . do you get the coordinate ? tyler ch , sure . from the ground . Boy , this one be strange . really strange . from the ground . radnor ( worried ) iocan do it for you . tyler ( explosive ) you do you job , radnor ! I will do mine ! Tyler work professionally over he radar console for a moment . tyler ten degree leave , sir . maintain present altitude . radar contact approximately twelve minute . of radnor look at the seemingly normal Tyler . then at O'Toole 's _ lifeless boot . then back to he radar screen . ( continued ) 51 . continued : : tyler hey , radnor , I be sorry I jump all over you . this one 's just kinda get to I . you know ? radnor yeah , I know , pal . I , too . tyler I will be glad when it 's over . you know what I be . gonna do when we get back ? buy timmie a bike ! every boy ought to have a bike , do not you think ? on radnor 's expression we CUT to : int . b- 52 -- pilot' station -- inflight elsie ( female v.o. -- much static ) polar bear . polar bear . do you read , polar bear ? this be elsie . -~ acknowledge . moreau read you now , elsie . polar bear here . be you mayday ? elsie ( v.o. clear now ) negative , polar bear . you will hear the mayday soon enough . moreau elsie , we need a precise rundown on you condition . elsie ( v.o. ) precision be not we game tonight , polar bear . we gauge be bounce like jump bean . we gotta get that probe in the womb fast . this one 's gotta be slam - bam . shank -you-ma'am . how much jizz you need ? moreau all we can get , elsie . : elsie ( v.0 . ) we okay . now get this , and get this good . when I say breakaway , I mean breakaway , fast . certain . ( more ) continued : elsie ( cont would ) no question . no good - by and no screw-up . one of we be go in anyway , screw - up and we take you with we . moreau elsie , you get the biggest runway in the world below you . great bear ' Lake oughta be freeze 12 foot thick . elste ( v.0 . ) this baby be not no glider , honey -- and you hotshot get the ejection seat . when the look Glass call ... . kazaklis ( cut in urgent ) what do the look Glass tell you ? elsie ( v.o0 . ) oh , lordy , a male voice . how nice . I be kinda worried there for a moment that the last fly hump be gonna be with another broad . razarlis the look Glass . elsie ( v.0 . ) Said to give you every drop we get . coitus interuptus mate . kazaklis back to teen time , elsie . elsie ( v.o. ) kiddie time , polar bear . anybody who would let this stuff go be loonier than Captain kangaroo . elsie out . each crew member now begin to show some fear . beginning in the basement with Tyler and radnor , it spread to halupalai and kazaklis . Moreau grab she forearm at the elbow and pull toward the wrist , force the nerve down to she hand . she repeat with the other arm . int . girl sedroom ~- plashback -- day the ten year old Moreau be talk to she uniform father , general moreaq . ( continued ) 53. continued : general moreau honey , it 's my job to keep everyone so afraid no one will ever use the - bomd again . young moreau why do not we just throw they all away , dad ? general moreau it 's too late for that , mo. young moreau I be go to die from it , be not I ? general moreau no ! young moreau that 's what all the kid say . sometimes I have to fight with they . general moreau itm sorry , mo. I be sorry you have to fight with you friend . I do not know if you can understand this yet but we be go to need eternal vigilance . forever , into infinity . young moreau Mom say infinity can drive you crazy , dad . tyler ( v.0 . ) Visual contact ! int . 6 - 52 += pilot' station -= inflight Moreau snap out of she reverie . kazarlis ( to Moreau ) we have to open the flash screen . moread - I know . kazaklis reach into he flight bag , pull out a dirty red bandana and wrap it over he leave eye before tie it behind he head . he reach for he side of the flash curtain . Moreau reach for hers and they pull . the white radiance of endless snow and a inky black sky stream in . ( continued ) 34 . continued : kazaklis helmet ! okay , elsie , sweetheart , we be start we climb . you look beautiful up there , baby , just beautiful . : the kc - 135 do look beautiful . tts underside be illuminate and it seem to descend on they like a space platform . kazarklis look good . stand by for half mile . all crew on oxygen . Moreau turn away and look out the side window . it look like a white sahara . / kazaklis close now , nudge it right . nudge . Moreau look to the front again . the platform be almost on top of they . the tanker 's green lit nozzle - probe sway ten foot from the windshield . like a cobra inch right , inch leave . kazaklis do just fine . careful now . careful . up a bit ! the green light cobra pass over they helmet . kazarlis now ! int . b- 52 +-- above the cockpit c+ inflight -- night clunk ! we can hear the angry wrenching of metal . see the the huge phallic probe lock in just above and behind the cockpit of the B - 52 , int . b- 52 -= pilot' station <= inflight -- night kazaklis and Moreau furiously grip they wheel in white - knuckle concentration . the tanker 's huge tail loom directly over they head . kazaklis you sure you want to go down to the last drop ? elsie ( v.0 . ) we will go down to the last drop , Commander . kazarklis you get ball , elsie . ( continued ) uw ui . continued : elsie ( v.0 . ) no , Commander . they issue we everything but that . kazaklis okay . what 's you last fuel estimate ? elste ( v.0 . ) eight minute ; ten minute . kazaklis how do you plan to breakaway without power ? elsie ( v.0 . ) I ought to be able to hold it level for a moment . kazaklis get it . kazaklis switch the intercom on . kazaklis hey you guy . keep you mother - lovin ' eye peel down there . the window 's open and we do not need visitor . ( to elsie ) you soulmate on my tight will handle the breakaway . elsie ( v.o0 . ) Roger . Moreau look at kazaklis who then reach up to slowly remove he protective bandana . he train both eye on the contrail from elsie 's four engine . Moreau grip the wheel even tighter , the strain beginning to show . the dial on the instrument panel wobble like birthday candle . kazaklis push he visor up and wipe away the sweat in he eye . kazaklis how you doin’ , co-pilot ? moreau I will make it . keep you eye on the road . kacaklis leek at he watch 0853 Zulu . a few more moment pass . Moreau really begin to sweat . 56 . int . ski cabin -- flashback -- two weexs earlier -- dusk eon the grow Moreau and she father have be talk . we pick they : up on a embrace . general moreau oh we have practice incest for almost twenty - five year now , foo . incest of the mind . moreau seme people call it mind - fuck ! Moreau laugh . her father withdraw look painfully forlorn . , moreau : hey , wait a second , dad . let 's start over . general moreau TI want you to stop fly , mo. moreau hey , hey , hey , dad . you want I to what ? ~~ general moreau '¢ it be not go to work , mo. we be q lose . ' Moreau look at he stunne . | general moreau not to the Russians . we be ali lose . to the bomb . it 's become too big . too pervasive . too matter of fact . we be fail , mo. and you and I be the pawn . moreau I do not believe this . not from you . remember the ten year old , the skinny little kid with the Super dad . come on . eternal vigilance . we make it through you life time while you carry the torch . we will make - it through mine . * general moreao I be wrong . nothing go on forever . moreau dad , de not you think it 's a little lace for this ? general moreau very late . | { of int . b52 -- pilot' station -- inflight kazarklis thanks for the juice , elsie . you do great . it 's time to do it the easy way . elsie ( v.0 . ) hang in there , Commander . you will thank I later . suddenly kazaklis see a dark puff from the tanker 's number four engine , then there be just three contrail . razarlis now ! breakaway ! elsie ( v.o. ) breakaway ! breakaway ! then there be just two contrail . and then only one . ' the tanker begin to wobble . we hear a violent scraping above and behind they . there be a tremendous clanging crash as the refueling probe smack into the metal window strut next to Moreau 's ear . the probe then scratch along the plexiglass of the cockpit windshield . moreau no spark ! please no spark . kazaklis down ! down ! take she down . they be in a deep dive but the tanker tail section be beginning £ 0 settle in on they . razaklis elsie , for Christ 's sake get you nose down . ext . b«52 and tanker plane -- inflight -- night the tanker 's nose ease over and the tail come up . for a agonizing moment they be in almost parallel dive . kazaklis ( haunt ) it be not go to work , elsie . silently , elsie 's right wing tip arch up . and then she spin like a fighter plane , wing tip over wing tip , to the leave . . int . b- 52 -- various station -- inflight down in the navigation quarter , Tyler and radnor watch in ' silent fascination as a tiny image on they screen twirl downward like a dead mosquito . poof. halupalai take he sweaty hand off the ejection lever over he head . - 58. he look over at the back of kazaklis ' and Moreau 's head . kazaklis reach over to slide back he side of the flash curtain . Moreau look at he but he will not lock at she . silently she close she own flash curtain . int . looking glass plane -- inflight -- 0930 zulu major # 1 polar bear get the fuel , General . alice enough ? major # 1 marginal . alice and the tanker ? major # 1 crashed . near great bear . that leave fifteen B - 52 's fly , sir . half of them refuele . Alice look up and down the aisle of he command post , a modify boe 707 cramme with communication gear and a crew of twenty frantically work to patch thing up . alice what about communication ? major # 1 only the ultra- low frequency seem to be work consistently . of the other forty - two system on board , siz , two or three work intermittently , the rest be still down . : alice what the hell be with Harpoon ? be he down ? major 41 five minute ago . it 's very high risk . there be mob at every airport in the country . alice troops deploy ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : major # 1 several battalion . it 's the Soviet sub that worry I . they have stand order to fire they missle before they be sink . we have a couple of ‘em cornere in the Gulf when the emp wave hit . alice you think baton reuge would be on theiz list ? major 41 could be , it 's a damned risky landing . I do not know if I would have take the chance , General . alice we still get a little document call the constitution , Sam . major # 1 siz , we be not even sure Harpoon 's after the right guy . alice what be we sure of , dammit ? plan say do not fart around . get the most likely and get he fast . ext . e-4 -- baton rouge , louisiana airport a white phosphorous flare illuminate the outline of the b-4 presidential command : plane through the smoke and drizzle . building and vehicle be on fire . you can hear rifle FIRE and automatic weapon . : a load ramp do not quite reach the high door of the 5 - 4 , . Harpoon stand in the aircraft 's doorway attempt to hoist a man the final few foot to the darken entrance . . karpoon Mr. President ? condor ( breathe hard ) barely . just barely . harpoon be you injure , sir ? do you need assistance ? ( continued ) od 60 . continued : condor no , no . just get the other aboard $ 0 we can get we tail out of here before the whole state of Louisiana rush we . harpoon how many other ? condor four . Harpoon gesture to a Captain . harpoon ( to Captain ) get that four aboard and seal this bird up fast . ( to condor ) no time for pomp tonight , sir . would you please follow I ? int . e-4 -- baton rouge airport ~~ contingous the interior of the e=4 be second nature to Harpoon but disorient so condor . they walk past compartment contain man and woman swarm over maze of wire , cable and loose data board . condor Lord a'mighty . Harry Truman say ~ he feel like a bale of hay land on he . must say I feel like I get the whole barn . harpoon afraid so , siz . maybe more . condor how bad be it ? harpoon bad ? condor we losin ' ? harpoon I be not sure that 's the issue , Mr. President . you need to be brief . they climb a spiral staircase to the baby - blue presidential compartment , condor not the issue ? believe I , mister , win and lose be the only issue , I do not need a briefing to know that . os 61 . int . 3- 52 -- various station -- inflight kazaklis 0.k. Mission plan . irkutsk . target ? tyler target ? Satellite -track Station , heavy industry , electrony ... razaklis population ? moreau kazaklis ! tyler just under a million . kazaklis yeah , irkutsk get the big banana . one megaton , ground burst . low level , approach . on the racetrack , tyler on the racetrack . entry plus two niner-zero . . calibration two niner-zero . midpoint two -four-zero , . exit two - eight zero . come up on twenty second . ready ...ready ... now ! razarlis hokay , straight down Karl marx Street . pause . tyler ten second . kazarlis ++. five , four. three. two. one. ( to Moreau ) and ? ( silence ) and ? moreau ( urgent ) pull up , pushover , kazarlis ( quietly ) bomb away ... bye -- bye irkutsk . bye- bye little mamushkas . a sudden wave of emotion flood the cockpit . no one say anything for a moment , ( continued ) 62. continued : halupalai that be a excellent exercise , sir . we be now seventy - five mile from we p.c.p . int . looking glass plane -- inflight major # 1 General , polar bear one be only seventy - five mile from its positive Control Point . be you go to order they to go in ? alice what 's with baton rouge , Sam ? major # 1 they be still on the ground , sir . no radio contact . alice I should not make this decision , Sam . I be not even sure it 's legal . major # 1 it 's legal , sir , under p.d. 58 . alice -o screw presidential directive 58. _ tt put I in charge only if there 's no constitutional successor . we may have one on the ground in Louisiana . ( pause ) [ do not want the make this decision , Sam . major # 1 I know , siz . alice I be not sure if it 's right . major # 1 it 's debatable , General . alice I know it 's debatable . that 's the point . ext . wood near WASHINGTON -= night sedgewick lie daze in a gulley . it be very cold . a section of nighthawk one rest nearby , as do the blanket - cover body of the President . the President i: unconscious but alive . ( continued ) a 63. continued : sedgewick open he eye . he hear strange violent ssounp in the distance . he try to move but both he leg be break . he look . around , confuse , and see a nine year old black boy stare at hin . the boy run away . sedgewick wait ! do not go . please . I have get the President here . he fall back unconscious from the exertion . ext . e-4 -- baton rouge airport -- night the engine rev up as the plane begin to taxi away . Soldiers ringing the plane open FIRE as cover for the depart aircraft . int . e-4 -- presidential compartment -- baton rouge -~ Inside the baby blue compartment with its presidential seal , we find a odd assortment sit in swivel chair wait for take - off ; Harpoon , condor ( the successor ) , a backwood Louisiana judge , and the pudgy director of the Fish and Wildlife service . stand behind this group with he uzi submachine gun at port arm be a condor how would the President get it ? harpoon in nighthawk one , sir . they be on they way to andrew when it go . we assume they be crush in the blast wave . condor assume ? harpoon siz , you do not go look for body in this kind of war . you do not find chem . the plane swerve sharply , cause one of the secret serviceman to stagger almost lose he weapon . harpoon Sir , this man must sit down . if one of that weapon go off ... condor ( cut in ) how do the Commander - in - Chief talk to he troops ? ( continued ) 20 of ce continued : 64 , harpoon we communication be out except for some primitive message we can get to the bomber through Alice . condor , Alice ? harpoon the look Glass plane , sir . the Strategic aix Command 's airborne - command post . they be a thousand mile north of we and we only link to anything now . condor Harpoon , they call you ? harpoon my cede name , sir . condor how many warhead they hit we with ? harpoon about 2,000 , sir . probably 2,500 megaton , . condor what do we hit they with ? harpoon about the same , sir . somewhat less ~ megatonnage . condor death ? harpoon million . Americans and Russians . a relatively even exchange . condor a relatively even exchange . light on the phone next to Harpoon blink . the white harpoon Excuse I , sir . he pick up the phone . ( continued ) cr 65 . continued : ( 2 ) harpoon the look Glass see it ? all 16 sube ? then go man , go . the plane lurch , leave . the agent fall to he knee drop he weapon . harpoon oh my God ... take it over the top of they . yes , pilot . over the top of they . : the plane accelerate to take off . it keep hit . bump on the runway . condor why do not they clear that crap off the runway ? harpoon that crap , sir , be my troops . you troops on they belly , shoot they own people to clear a path for this aircraft . bump ...bump , bump ... bump . the successor just stare at Harpoon numbly . ~ harpoon do you realize a Soviet submarine have just launch a missile in the direction of this aireraft ? the plane lift off . harpoon ( into phone ) ten mile . port side ? aft ? ( to secret service ) you ! down ! propped against the bulkhead ! hand off weapon ! ( into phone ) Seven mile . you get I there , pal . this be Russian goddamn _ roulette ...0. K. hard right ! foll power ! hard right ! the plane suddenly turn on its side . the secret service agent go fly and slam into the back of a chair . the aircraft groan under the stress . the plane lurch up and down . a few moment pass . Harpoon brace himself again , wait for the next surge . [ it do not come . he reach for the phone . ( continued ) Zu ) 66 . continued : ( 3 ) harpoon what give ? i will be damned . we get adud . take she all the way up . the backwood judge slump forward in the seat next to Harpoon . a Bible fall out of he hand . the blue fabric of he chair be shred , white stuff come out of Little hole . the hole match hole in the back of the judge 's shirt , now stain red . the agent rise shakily from behind the chair . his gun be still slightly smoking . Harpoon look at the successor and find a face full of dumbfounded shock and horror . int . b- 52 -- navigator' station == inflight tyler hey , radnor ? radnor stare into he radar screen try to ignore Tyler . tyler hey , radnor . I be serious . i'11 go halfway with you . I will say it happen . I will . I promise you . but you gotta go halfway with I . radnor finger a # 2 pencil and continue to block Tyler out . tyler talk to I , buddy . radnor , please . radnor ! radnor ( quietly ) shut up , Tyler . tyler radnor , go halfway with I . just say timmie be not dead . forget my wife , radnor , please . radnor snap he pencil in two from the tension , then turn to Tyler 's grotesque and mournful face . tyler just timmie . you do not have to say anything about my wife . radnor . you do not . radnor feel woozy . he jam the jag end of the break pencil against he palm . hard . tili the skin break . tyler forget my wife . ( continued ) 67 . continued : radnor ( burst ) Laura ! radnor raise he palm above the jag pencil . it appear he 's go to smash he palm down on the pencil as if it be a spindle . CUT to : int . b- 52 -- pilot' station == inflight -~ continuous the red light from the flight panel throbs hypnotically . both Moreau and kazaklis be lose in they own private thought . radnor 's shriek cut through they earphone jerk they both to attention . int . b- 52 -- navigator station -- inflight radnor smashes he fist down on the work table in front of Tyler . blood spurt across the navigation chart . Tyler rear far back in he seat . tear stream down he face . tyler I spanke he , radnor . radnor slam he hand down again and again . suddenly out of he peripheral vision hue pick up the first white intrusion on Tyler 's tadar screen . then a second and a third creep forward . radnor telaxes he hand , pull back to he position and say calmly into the all - channel radio . radnor incegnitos . incognito at twelve o'clock . int . b- 52 =~ various station -- continuous kazaklis not up here they be not . they 's bandit . distance . velocity . radnor hundre mile . fast . Mach two -plus . darn near mach three . kazaklis no , no . check again . radnor affirmative . 1800 mile per hour . Three , correction , four bandit , ( continued ) continued : kazaklis Battle station . helmet ! oxygen ! Defense ! jam ! chaff ! shovel that stuff like hay , gunner . we better look like a armada . decoy ready ? radnor eighty mile ... seventy ... razaklis must be foxbat . ( to Moreau ) specs ? moreau top speed , mach two point eight . Range 1500 mile , one way . kazaklis armament ? moreau four aa -acrid air to air missile . heat -seeker , range feel mile . four radar guide missile , range twenty mile . they will use beth . gunpack . two twenty - three millimeter machine gun . kazaklis evasive action . radnor fifty mile ... forty mile . missile launch ! one. two . six launch . 68. we see on radnor 's radar screen six little blip with four larger one swoop ahead of the missile and climb . radnor bandit . twenty mile and climb . kazaklis yeah they screw up . they be up we tail pipe before they see we . they be try to eat speed . razaklis glance at he altimeter -- it 's fall . to take the buff down . ext , four poxbat -- in formation -- night we see the foxbat in climb formation fire four the missile do a u-turn in unison head down . Moreau have begin new missile . '' 69 . int . be52 -- various station -- inflight radnor New missile launch ! one. two . four missile launch . kazaklis radar guide missile approach . more chaff ! halupalai dump mere tinfoil . his palm sweat . on he screen he see the first six blip approach . his hand instinctively reach up for the ejection lever . quickly he remove he hand and curse himself for the old habit . ext , b52 -- inflight -- night the first missile be almost on top of they . the buff rock back ané forth . then poof , the first missile explode harmlessly in one of the heat flare . then the next and the next in rapid succession . int . b- 52 -= gunner' station - inflight halupalai see the last of the intruder dart leave , suck into the heat of one of he decoy flare . halupalai hot shit ! kazaklis . ~ hang on to you muu - muu back there , ace , four more come . halupalai 's exuberance fade instantly . he release more tin foil chaff which create strange dance snow pattern on he radar screen . ext . b- 52 -- inflight -- night we see the tin foil patch spread out behind the plane . the missile appear . then begin to move raggedly after the tin foil ghost . int . 3-582 -- pilot' station -- inflight kazaklis let 'er rip , gunner . you just make it to the Super bowl . moreau there 's still four mig out there with more missile . kazaklis look at the altimeter again . 9,000 , 8,000 ... he pull the flash curtain open on he side . starlight shimmer off ice and snow , tension surge into he . ( continued ) 70 . continued : kazaklis I will take it now , Captain , the B - 52 head down to low level where they have some slim chance to evade the mig . . int . e-4 -= briefing room -- inflight on one wall there be three computerize map . one of the U.S. one of the Soviet onion . one mercator map of world . the compartment be like a spotless oval boardroom . around a table sit six Air Force Generals and a single prim Colonel . condor sit at the head of the table . Harpoon be lecture in front of the map . harpoon we icbm be launch in two wave . most of we bomber be catch on the ground . that bomber that . survive should be at they positive control point . if order to go in they will reach they target in four to six hour . the bulk of we submarine force , in which we carry most of we destructive power , be place on hold for exactly eleven hour . Seven hour from now they instruction be to hit they target unless they receive contrary order . the assumption be : if they can not hear we , then we be still at war . the sub would constitute we third strike and complete the destruction of the Soviet Union . condor | you find fault in that , Harpoon ? harpoon they have a system of they own , sir . they put most of they warhead in land base icbm and most of that be still unused . [ in a few hour they bomber be go to be roam at will throughout this country take out we city . a few hour later we sub will take out theirs . colonel jone come on , Admiral , that bomber be so old most of they have propeller . even the Minnesota Air National Guard could knock they down , ( continued ) continued : harpoon Colonel , would you like the go to the phone and order they into the air ? we can not even talk to minneapolis . every transistor in Minnesota be burn out . we will not be able to stop half of they and they be go to pick off they target one by goddamn one . New York , Philadelphia , Denver ... condor and we bomber will do the same thing . harpoon no . the bomber that do get off will be under attack by Soviet fighter interceptor . condor the Soviets can attack we bomber and we can not attack theirs ? harpoon Sir , they have the element of surprise and they spend a lot of money on bomber defense , as we want they to . wasting money on defense for a war with no defense . condor this be the mest cockamamie , defeatest thing I have ever hear . what about the sub ? how many warhead we get in there ? harpoon about 7,000 , sir . condor Launch ‘em -- before the Soviet plane hit we city . harpocon I understand you frustration , sir , but that 's a impossible order . condor you refuse a direct order ? ( continued ) continued : 72 . ( 2 ) harpoon I can not order the submarine to do anything . nor can you . they receive order hour ago to run silent and deep , away from detection or communication for eleven hour . then the main part of the fleet will come back near the surface to listen . if they hear nothing they will fire . that 's the system . the Soviets know the system as well as we do . they know if they bomber strike , if they send off more icbm , they be dead . because there will be no one leave and no reason to call off the submarine . condor you be tell I the fate of we nation rest with a dead computer ? harpoon well not quite , siz . the war plan be devise with a purpose . both side know if this thing ever get start , we would have tremendous problem with ego , national pride , communication . so we build in pause , bomber be very slow . they be a builtein natural pause to the war . we be in that pause , but come to the end of it . condor and the pause be design to do precisely what ? harpoon to give we time to patch we communication , siz . and to give you and you Soviet counterpart time to think thing over and maybe find a way to turn the war off . you have a copy of the Premier 's message in the folder in front of you . 1 do not know what to make of it but he offer to accept a equal amount of damage in the Soviet Union . condor ( sarcastically ) a relatively even exchange . colonel jone a historic , strategic blunder . ( continued ) 73. continued : ( 3 ) harpoon I can not assess he motive . I can only tell you that I think we best eption be to turn some of we bomber and see how the Soviets respond . we will still have the sub in reserve . really , sir , I think it 's we only option right now . colonel jone bullshit ! there be another option . God damn it . we can cut the head off the chicken . tell he about the chicken . ext . frozen terrain under a night sky the B - 52 whizze by , not 200 foot off the ground . a few second later the four foxbat close in for the certain kill . int . b=52 #= pilot' station -- inflight -- night kazaklis be down to low level and seem to ignore the foxbat . he fly mechanically follewing Tyler 's instruction . tyler ( v.0 . ) o.kk . High terrain , three mile and it 's significant . up a bit . down a bit . Little more . hard leave . good . moreau they be take they own sweet time , be not they ? . tyler ( v.o. ) bandit , eight mile and close . kazarklis cat 's get the mouse , and he 's play . they will clese a couple more mile . all they gotta do be stay away from halupalai 's gun . moreau do not imagine that have ‘em terrify . kazaklis no . not four of them with six missile leave . moreau you give it a classy rrn through the hill , kazaklis . ( continued ) 74 , continued : / they go quiet . the bomber noise rattle through they silence like a tin can full of loose pebble . kazaklis tap the throttles up a bit . : ext . b- 52 -- white wilderness -- low level we see the sweeping , sway evasive maneuver . the buff come down as low as 25 foot off the ground . ext . foxbat the four foxbat oress relentlessly towards we . int . b- 52 ~-- pilot' station -= inflight kazaklis chuckle . kazarlis what if I put this hunk in a loop and come back on top of ‘em ? maybe they would all die of heart attack . morzau the wing would snap like twig . kazaklis maybe the shrapnel would get ‘em . ~ moreau yeah . maybe . kazaklis sure surprise the shit out of ‘em . moreau kazaklis , you be bear a couple generation too late . you sheuld have be a barnstormer , defy death and deformity for the hayseed in Iowa . kazarlis woulda ' live longer . tyler ( v.0 . ) you have significant terrain ten o'clock . High terrain at three o'clock . High terrain seven mile dead ahead . moreau ( suddenly angry ) God damn it ! how do we screw up ? ( continued ) 75 . continued : -o for razarlis the odd be a hundred to one . tyler ( v.0 . ) High terrain five mile ahead . mereau freeze for a moment . moreag High terrain . Tyler 's high terrain . that 's it ! kazaklis look at she strangely . moreau Arm the first bomb : Arm bomb one , damn it . razarlis that 's crazy . moreau Net as crazy as do a loop , waldo on . pepper . do it fast . '' rkazaklis look at he instrument . then back to Moreau he a quizzical expression change into the broadest grin imaginable . kazaklis Moreau , you be too goddamn smart to die so young . Tyler , be the Russians fly in formation ? tyler ( v.o. ) they be close fast , Commander . kazaklis be they fly in formation , damn it ? tyler ( v.¢. ) yes , siz . kazaklis hokay , you guardian of democracy , secure the family jewel again . we buddy with no jewel to lose have come up with a real ball buster . kazaklis punch the bomb code into the cypher box next to he . ext . 3 - 52 '' - < low level -— night the plane bank leave toward a ridge in the distance . the foxbat follow . 76 . int . e*4 «= briefing room -- inflight £ Harpoon pass the light pointer to Colonel Jones who address the group . colonel jone I will keep my word brief , clear , and devoid of defeatist philosophy . Victory be possible , sir , and it 's mot all that complicated . to call back we bomber would not move the Soviets . they would see it as a sign of weakness . we have a opportunity to allow the Soviet people to throw off the yoke of totalitarian dictatorship which have oppress they so long . they will do it as surely as they overthrew the czar during the first World War . harpoon for Christ 's sake , Colonel , they do not even know where they leader be . colonel jone no , Admiral , they do not . but we do . and you would withdraw the very weapon with which we would do it . the Colonel order a change in the Soviet computer map . colonel jone Mr. President , this green dot represent Soviet leadership bunker . Inside that bunker be the party hierarchy , the presidium , kgb leader , military commander , and almost surely the Russian Premier . they be the head of the Soviet chicken . cut off that head and the body die . the system die . forever . condor you tell I a handful of 8 - 52 can do that ? colonel jone the perfect instrument , sir . icb ms or sub launch missile be not o~ accurate enough for certainty . b-52s : be manned . they can drop a load ae tight down a smoke stack . we can order sur bes2 on a grand tour of the Soviet Union . ( continued ) continued : 77 , condor Harpoon ? harpoon it 's madness , sir . condor seem we get madness pile on top of madness tonight . harpoon Colonel , what about the Soviet bomber ? what about the thousand of warhead they have in land base reserve ? colonel jone victory have its price , Admiral . we be in a war , siz , a nuclear war . T suggest it 's time we start think about how to win it . no smoke signal be go to stop Soviet bomber . but we do have some fighter and we also have thousand of commercial jet available . we can ram the bastard . harpoon you be joke ? condor wait a minute , Harpoon . [ be it possible ? can ramming be a defense against bomber ? harpoon siz , for God 's sake ... condor be it possible ! harpoon in isolate case , sir . they have 150 bomber come in at low level from all direction . condor do not think I have be get the whole story here . I do not cotton to that . I do not cotton to that at all . . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) harpoon this be nonsense . what be we suppose to do about the icbm ? there 's no defense against this stuff . colonel jone the defense be the Soviet people . take away this green dot and they will stop the icbm . tie defense be to cut the head off the chicken . ext . b- 52 -- inflight the bomb bay door open . tyler ( v.o. ) thirty second mark . ready . ready . now . on the racetrack . int . b=52 -= pilot' station -- inflight on the instrument panel . Three yellow square be light in a sequence of four . they be : bomb door not lock , bomb door open , bomb door not close and lock . tyler ( v.0 . ) significant terrain twelve o'clock . ~ bandit 5.5 mile and close . kazaklis nudge the B - 52 up and over the last ridge where it disappear for a few moment from the foxbat . a fire proof glove thumb be poise on the last unlit button . : razarlis five , four. Three . two. one. the thumb depress the button which light up : bomb released . halupalai sit at he station feel helpless and alone . kazaklis and Moreau pull . they flash screen over the window . radnor steal glance at Tyler who have become wooden and mechanical . tyler plus fifteen second . bandit five mile and close . in the cockpit kazaklis and Moreau count in synchronization with Tyler . kazarlis moreau plus twenty - five . plus twenty - five , ( continued ) 79 . continued : kazaklis come on , baby . come on . tyler ( v.0 . ) plus thirty second . kazarlis blow damn you , blow ! tyler ( v.0 . ) detonation . moreau climb ! climb ! climb ! kazaklis launch ? '' tyler ( v.0 . ) plus forty second . kazaklis bandit ? tyler ( v.0 . ) plus forty - five . kazarlis . ~ Tyler ! damn you ! bandit !? tyler ( v.o. ) plus fifty second . radnor ( v.0 . ) it 's not Tyler , siz . ( pause ) oh God in heaven . int . b52 -- navigator' station <= inflight radnor there 's nothing to see , Commander . on radnor 's screen a white ball expands like a malignant brain . the rest of the sereen warp in dance zig - zag line . tyler plus sixty second . radnor know they be about to be hit with the blast wave and brace himself . ext . b-52 a thunder crack snap at the aircraft . the buff rise like a feather , sink , then rise again . the rivet groan . 80 . int . b=52 -- pilot' station '' kazaklis and Moreau struggle to hold onto the buff with white : unuckle intensity . a few beat and then it be past . razaklis ( t0 Moreau ) friendly little kick in the rump , huh ? ( to navigator ) bandit ? radnor . nothing come through that , Commander , nothing . the altimeter read 6,000 foot . a few beat of silence . suddenly kazaklis start to bank the plane to the leave . moreau what be you do ? kazaklis T be gonna take a look . moreau no , I do not want to see it . -~ kazaklis '' take it , Captain . Moreau hesitates , then take the wheel . slowly kazaklis pull back ~ he curtain . the Arctic night be not dark . in the kittywumpis tilt of the aircraft window , the horizon cut diagonally one way and the majestic stem of the cloud the other . lightn strike purple and violet , dart throughout the pillar . the pillar be twelve mile high , make up of radioactive gass which look like snake coiling . on each other , devour each other . it be satanic . moreau oh , kazaklis . it be $ 0 easy . kazaklis yeah . moreao on a city , too ? kazaklis yeah . a int . e-4 =< briefing room -- inflight '' alone , harpeon be meticulously shoot rubber band across the room . condor enter with Colonel Jones and the secret service agent . ( continoed ) gl . continued : condor need to send the order . I want the Grand Tour , Harpoon . harpoon you have decide , sir . condor History will not wait . harpoon I hope history hear you . good luck , sir . Harpoon pick up the satchel he carry out of the bunker in omaha and start to leave . condor you think I will need it , Harpoon . harpoon oh yes , siz . we all need it tonight . condor where be you go ? harpoon to my quarter , sir . colonel jone have not you forget something , admizal ? he gesture towards Harpoon 's satchel . colonel jone the card . Harpoon open he satchel and take out what look like a blue and red charge card . across the top be a series of random letter and number , in the middle it say : top secret crypto . NSA . at the bottom it say : shale authenticator system . harpoon . you will need this . order to the bomber must go through the look Glass plane . the code at the top will prove you be authentic . the Colonel will give you the word code . condor you really forget to give I this , Harpoon ? harpoon ( beat ) I be really not sure , sir . 82 . ext , looking glass plane -- inflight -- night establish shot . int , looking glass plane -- continuous Alice take a cigarette from a pack in a cubbyhole in front of he . his station be like a small desk with a red lockbox and countdown clock , he snap a match with he fingernail and the phone light up . alice Alice here . condor ( v.c. ) condor speakin ' . alice Day word ? condor ( v.0 . ) cottonmouth . alice Command word ? condor ( v.0 . ) trinity . . alice action word ? condor ( v.0 . ) jericho . Alice take out he blue and red authenticator card . alice you have you card , sir . condor ( v.o. ) I do . alice in the upper left-hand corner , you see a row of digit and letter . please read the fourth from the leave . condor ( v.a. ) Seven . alice in the right -hand corner , please read I the final three digit and / or letter . ( continued ) 83. continued : . condor ( v.0 . ) Seven . cee. two . alice cee for what , sir ? condor pause for a beat and grunt . condor ( v.0 . ) Charlie . alice on the second line from the top please read I the middle sentence . condor ( v.0 . ) six. dee. six . two . alice Dee for what , sir ? condor ( v.0 . ) dammit . all you people wait on World War iv , Alice ? alice you wish to issue order change , siz ? condor ( v.0 . ) sure as hell do . alice Harpoon give you the signal code ? condor ( v.0 . ) he 's temporarily incapacitate . alice incapacitate ? condor ( v.a. ) ( uncomfortable ) that 's right . Alice take a long thoughtful drag on he . cigarette . alice would you like some advice , sir ? condor ( v.0 . ) be gettin’ plenty down here . ( continued ) continued : conder be 84 . ( 2 ) alice I be sure , sir , but the situation 's fluid . the first code message have come in from the ground . it 's garble but code . means it 's part of the system . condor ( v.0 . ) where from ? alice not sure , siz . Washington region . condor ( v.0 . ) that 's good news . now I be order two one Zebra . alice we be get thing back , sir . I would orbit and wait . : condor ( v.0 . ) orbit and wait ? just a minute , f'1ll ask the Colonel . alice the Colonel ? not listen . he 's talk to the Colonel . condor ( v.c. ) Colonel say we do not have the gas , Alice . alice Sir , with all respect , I would run this by Harpoon first or at least talk to you senior communication officer . condor ( v.0 . ) Alice , implement two one Zebra . alice ( pause } yes , sir . it will take a few minute , sir . condor ( v.0 . ) you stallin ' , Alice ? {continued ) 3 . continued : ( 3 ) alice no , sir . we have to do a hand sort . New assignment , priority and alternate . it 's tight . I have to put they in orbit briefly , so none of they go over the side . condor ( v.0 . ) over the side ? . alice we be say too much , sir . out of listen range . condor ( v.0 . ) okay . now get you tail move . fast. : the phone click off . Major # 1 come up behind Alice . alice we get 21 - Zebra . major # 1 Jesus , you be kid . alice I wish I be . - major # 1 the crew will think we be go nut back here . alice well ? int . b- 52 -- inflight a few beat of silence save for the dron engine . each person be lest in he thought . suddenly the SOUND of they teletype startles everyone , kazaklis stub out a cigarette . Moreau crane she neck and watch in puzzlement as the machine type one short line and stop . halupalai come slowly from he station , tear off the message , and hand it to kazaklis . halopalail you want I to translate the code ? kazarklis tell I what I already know . ( continued ) 86 . . continued : for halupalai ( read ) " orbit . await order . " I '11 take it downstairs , Commander . kazaklis do not bother . halopalai Commander ? kazaklis do not bother . halupalai shrug and slouches back to he seat . moreau take it easy on he . you will have the whole crew ready for the rubber - zoom . kazaklis do I a favor , Moreau . Bank the doomsday Express leave . then shut up for awhile , will ya ? huh ? ~~ for Moreau bristle but follow order . kazaklis look at he watch : ml 1100 zulu . he look at Moreau again . tries to lighten the mood . kazaklis you ever kick you dog , Moreau ? moreau ( beat ) ... I do not have a dog . kazaklis I love my dog . but sometimes I kick he . Moreau look at he . shake she head . say nothing . kazarlis get the feel we be go round in circle ? moreau you get the feel we should not complete this circle ? mo the remark surprise kazaklis a little . he try to recover . : kazarlis ne remind I of a Polish joke . ( continoed ) continued : ( 2 ) morea oh , Christ , kazaklis . kazaklis this two Polish pilot get into trouble . so the pilot say to the co-pilot , ' let 's do a 360 and get out of here . ' kazaklis laugh . Moreau do not . on moread razaklis , do you ever think about the reliability regulation ? kazaklis oh God , Moreau . do not start on prp now . moreau why do not you think about it ? kazaklis because it 's crazier than what we be do . moreau about even Steven , I would say . how come the politician do not have to prove that they be sane ? you ever hear of a presidential candidate go down to San Antonio to take the test they give to we ? you think the politburo 's get psychological screen , or whatever they call it there ? kazaklis none of them woulda pass . moread yeah , it 's hard to find perfect people . none of we pass tonight . kazaklis Moreau , do the drink really bother you that much ? all the flyin’ we do together ? moreau kazaklis . you be always full of more shit than booze . 88 . int . looking glass plane -- inflight knot of people be compile packet of new target and new target priority for the eleven remain B - 52 . Alice go over the target assign to polar bear I . on top the target be : cherepovets : [ rybinsk mining work ] , construction 1977 . primary relocation site Soviet Premier , Chief kgb , Minister Defense , command General Soviet rocket force . harden at least 1,000 psi . Alice do not like this at all . he look over to Major # 1 who have be stare at he . Alice look down at he papers again then look up . ' alice you about ready , Sam ? major # 1 yes , sir . we have the order plotted . alice ( beat ) then send them , dammit . int . b- 52 -- pilot' station ~= inflight we can hear the last sound of the on board teletype fade . halupalai be stand between kazaklis and Moreau have just decode the order that kazaklis be hold . kazaklis what the hell be two - one Zebra ? Moreau reach for she master book and rapidly flip through it . she stop at a rarely use appendix and let out a whoosh of air . she turn to kazaklis , say nothing . kazaklis damn you , Moreau , what 's go on ? moreau the grand tour that 's what 's go en . we be go across Russia to carve be out in the crater . kazaklis carve what out ? moreaq on not what . who . she turn back to she book . ( continued ) r™ 89 . continued : moreau twenty -one . precision nuclear bombing , harden emplacement . zebra-political / military infra - structure . : she turn the page , break the plastic seal engrave with the outline of a eagle and read the instruction . moreau cherepovet ( rybinsk mine ) -- caution . this be not a opportunity target . Strike only on direct order nca . relocation area . timing option one . omega . kazaklis let out a low whistle . kazaklis Leadership bunker . so they really want we to go after the big bananas . moreau more like somebody 's go bananas . somebody who do not go to San Antonio for reliability training or read the suicide reg . they want we to get the leader . then who 's leave to turn this fucker off ? she pause , try to read kazaklis 's face . moreau request confirmation . kazarlis you just get promote ? then he relent and motion to halupalai to send the order . faint kazaklis begin to think about what this order mean . he think fast . Moreau just keep stare at he . finally . . kazarlis you find a wart on my nose , Moreau ? moread you know , kazaklis . kazaklis I know it mean we do not have to go in and drop a million ton of tnt on a bunch of kid , Moreau . be not that better , for God 's sake ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) ’~ moreau ' you mean more satisfy . razarlis damn right it 's more satisfy . maybe it will get over faster . moreau faster ? halupalai appear again hand the pilot another message : confirm two one zebra . nca code henhouse . kazaklis ( to Moreau ) look up henhouse . she do not move . they stare at each other for a moment . moreao they want we to vaporize the Premier , kazaklis . and the presidium . and the head of the kgb . anybedy with any control . of rkazaklis t the bastard start it , look up S henhouss . Moreau hold the steady gaze . kazaklis : you want we to nuke kid instead , - huh ? - moreau somebody 's get to be at the other end of the phone , kazaklis . kazaklis what phone ? you think they be talk to each other and send out order like this ? moreau you know what come next ? kazaklis what the hell do you want I to do ? write my congressman ? ~~ : moreaq . ne nobody can turn it off after this . not ever . not before everything 's go . {continued ) gl . continued : { 3 } kazaklis turn rigid . he look toward the flash screen . kazaklis look up henhouse . moreau no. kazaklis turn towards she . his voice turn raw with agony . kazaklis it will not make any difference , Moreau . moreau , I know . kazaklis nothing will change . scmebody else will do it . moreao T know . razaklis cherepovet will go . [ irkutsk will go . ulan - ude. everything . moread I know . kazaklis New York . coos Bay . everything in between . moreau I know but [ be not go to do it . I can not . kazaklis can not ? moreau wo not . he turn away from she angrily . moreau they give I too much time to think . kazaklis you would have turn a minuteman key in the first five minute . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 4 ) moreau yes . kazaklis bitch . damn you . kazaklis smashes he glove fist over and over again into the flash sereen . kazaklis what do you want I to do ? shoot you ? eject you ? put you down on the ice ? Moreau just stare . kazaklis reach behind he seat for he flight bag , take off he right glove and with the bag on he lap rummages around inside . he pull out a small canister and snap it open . it be a cyanide capsule . she take it in she hand , start to shift out of she seat to go downstairs . kazaklis grab she wrist , hard . the capsule pop loose and roll across the floor . kazarlis that 's one prp violation too many , Captain . for a moment they be silent . Moreau poise halfway into the aisle way , kazaklis stare straight ahead at the curtain . moreag so what 's next ? kazaklis I dunno . int . be52 <= navigator' station -— inflight Tyler 's face be grotesquely twisted with a look of brutal , raw anger . his hand be on the radio switch . it have be on private . he have be listen to the conversation upstairs . he turn he radio off . he look over at radnor to see if he have be see . radnor be a million mile away , lose in he own personal sadness . ext . top of gorge -- night sedgewick be be probe with a stick . mother ( 0.s. ) Dean do that . sedgewick open he eye , see a little black boy with a stick retreate towards three figure . one hold a lantern which can be see through the orange smoke . ( continued ) 93. continued : mother my son say you have the President down in the hollow . gradually we see it be a immense black woman talk . she be flanke by two sullen teenage son . sedgewick reach towards she . sedgewick ged bless you for comin ' , mar 'am . mother Lord 's not blessin ' we very much ¢-- anything today . now what kind of foolery you be tellin ' my son ? sedgewick it 's true , mar 'am , the President be en route to he command plane at andrew Air Force base . we be knock down by the blast . you can see piece of we helicopter in the tree . mother yatall do not get far , young man . fell down in Rocky gorge . sedgewick ° ~ ma'am , the President must get to a military base , with radio and a hospital . if can not exaggerate how important it be . mother doan imagine you can exaggerate anything : today , mister . sedgewick hear thrashing behind he . he watch as the two teenage boy carry the limp form of the President . mother seo that 's the man . doan look so mean now . doan look so good either . she poke at he . mother alive . always know he be a tough cuss . you boy carry this man over to the hospital at olney . sedgewick olney ? ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) mother Hospital there . least way there be yesterday . sedgewick reach up toward the woman grasp at she coat . sedgewick fema ? out past mucaster road. fema . please understand . the mother take he hand and release it from she coat . mother I 's not stupid , young man . I teach . m'e boy . I read the papers . you talkin ' ' bout civil defense . everybody in this part know the place . the man ever wake up you - tell he he can not keep a place secret if and theys always poppin ' radio aerial up and down out of ceement hole . int . b- 52 -- pilot' station -= inflight kazarlis tt gotta tell the man . face to face . Moreau nod . kazaklis take off he helmet but take he radio headset with he . kazaklis edge down the short walkway toward halupalai , then plop down in o'tocle 's old seat . even before kazaklis plug in , halupalai 's eye tell he the man know . the eye have a bleak look of failure . kazaklis you do great , champ . razaklis squeeze the gunner 's arm , smile , grope for word . kazaklis there be no purpose in it . halupalai 's face soften . he try to smile , nod . then gesture for kazaklis to tell the other . we can see the open hatch to the lower compartment just behind halupalai . int . b- 52 -- navigator' station -- continuous kazaklis back down the rung of the hatch ladder . radnor do not even notice . Tyler watch suspiciously . when kazaklis reach bottom and turn around he see a kind of nightmare . O'Toole 's body be discordantly wrap around the bottom of the navigator 's seat . the once neat desk top work station be in jumble disarray . chart , blood , break pencil . ( continued ) 95 . continued : kazaklis look at Tyler then pull O'Toole back to he old rest place . temporarily out of sight , kazaklis lean he head against the bulkhead and rub he eye . then he come back between the ¢w« man , kneel and attaches he radio wire . kazaklis tough down here , huh guy ? he place a hand on each man' knee . radnor be lifeless . Tyler flexe . tyler ( menace ) I be ewo ready . he push kazaklis ' hand off he knee . kazaklis I know you be . we all be . we have be ewo ready a long time . kazaklis look compassionately at Tyler , then mistakenly at the photo of Tyler 's child . a elbow rip into kazaklis ' rib cage send he backwards on he rump . his radio wire be still attach . Tyler shield the photograph with one hand . with the ether he pull the radio wire out of its socket and wrap it once around kazaklis ' ~ neck . he jerk and relax the radio wire on each torture syllable . tyler eee ... woe ... red .... dee . ready ! ready ! now ! razaklis 's head continue to bang on the floor as Tyler disintegrate , tyler twenty second ... on the racetrack ... cottonmouth ... radnor 's wife . for the first time now radnor turn expressionlessly to the scene , he make no move . tyler coward ! coward ! coward ! kazaklis jam a steel plate book into Tyler 's shoulder . he jump up and try to grab Tyler . kazaklis get another elbow in the rib , kazaklis strike quickly with a judo chop to the neck and Tyler slump to the side . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) kazaklis take a step back , the radio wire hang from he neck like a loose noose . radnor look at he serenely . kazaklis catch he breath for a moment then plug he radio wire back in . kazaklis we be not go , radnor . radnor my wife be a cop , Commander . she protect we . kazaklis I know she do , buddy . you should be proud of she . radnor who protect she ? radnor turn back toward he radar sereen . kazaklis try to swallow a lump in he throat . ext . fema bunker -— maryland -- night in the smoky sketchy light from lantern and flashlight we pass by what must be dozen of human body littering the ground . Children with most of they skin go . a woman with a blast - off limb , the bone still protrude . a stack of body . many be blind and stupify . . . sedgewick and the President be carry in makeshift stretcher by the black family through this eerily quiet set . they approach a medic clad in a hood radiation suit . he be do what little he can . the mother adjust herself regally . mother Sir , we have bring you the President of the United States . the hood man look at they for a moment . hooded man suze thing , lady , and the Pope 's knock at the back door . int . b52 += pilot' station kazaklis plop down into he seat . the atmosphere be quiet . he tape down four finger of he glove leave the middle finger extend . he tape the extend finger to the flight panel , Moreau look at he with concern . she turn over she shoulder to check on halupalai whe seem lose in the strain of a Sony walkman tape . ( continued ) cc 97 . continued : moreau what happen down there ? kazaklis Tyler and I have a little failure to communicate . moreau {into the radio ) Tyler , be you hurt ? tyler ( v.0 . ) I have no injury , Captain . I be ewo ready . you be cowardice ... Moreau switch off the radio . int . fema bunker -=- maryland . a retire brigadier General , the civil defense director of this bunker , stand off to the side as we slowly reveal two nurse go over the President . sedgewick lie next to he . nurse # 1 umm. leg crush . do we have any ice ? nurse # 2 geed God , he eye be go . severe retinal burn . the President moan . nurse 42 just relax , Mr. President . you will feel better in a minute . nurse # 1 what 's with the i.v.? nurse # 2 lactate ringer . two milligram of morphine . . at the mention of morphine sedgewick try to come out of he fog . nurse # 1 let 's give the poor man two more milligram . damn , if wish we have a doctor here . . sedgewick sit up groggily and rip at the i.v. tub in he arm . nurse # 2 come over . ( continued ) 98 . continued : ' sedgewick no morphine ! nurse # 2 hey , hey , hey . calm down . you will be okay , soldier . sedgewick sailor . nurse # 2 ok . sailor boy , take it easy . president ( mumble ) two aspirin and ¢all I in the morning . the nurse laugh . sedgewick float back down on he gurney in frustration . he pass out . int . b+52 -- navigator' station radnor 's back be turn from Tyler who be mumble to himsel£ . radnor be look in he alert bag as Tyler start to yell at he . for tyler why have not you say anything , '' asshole . do not you give a shit anymore ? : radnor tuzn around and smile . he show Tyler the little tin he have take from he alert bag . Tyler try to grab it . tyler give I that , you turd . radnor be too fast for he . he remove the white capsule and bite down on it before he swallow . radnor 's face be rapturous . slowly he head slump forward onto he desk top . Tyler watch in stuporous wonder for a moment . then he lean back for he own alert bag . he rummages inside , withdraw a .45 automatic , and make sure the clip be full . he unhook he radio set and move toward the ladder . on he radar sereen , now unseen by Tyler , a squadron of incognite edge in from a corner . they move in a few beat . then remarkably , they begin to turn and head back the way they come . int . looking glass plane communications officer one of we bomber turn , General , ( continued ) 99 . continued : - ' Alice swivel in he chaiz at the sound of the female officer . alice no. officer I be afraid so , sir . I check the data three time . alice who turn ? officer polar bear one abort , sir . turned southwesterly . Alice do a half turn in he chair and stare at the map on the wall . the green dot at cherepovet seem to glare at he . major # 1 we have to inform condor , sir . alice yes , I suppose we do . for int . be52 -- gunner' station -~ inflight halupalai listen blissfully to Don McLean sing " bye , bye , miss ~ american pie. drive my chevy to to the levy but the levy be gry ... " ete . moreau ha -lop -a-laii1 ! his eye snap open . he look towards Moreau . she be try to get out of she seat . McLean sing , " this will be the day that I die ... " then he see the shadowy figure of Tyler crouch inch away with he .45 hold in outstretch arm . halupalai spring out of he seat , he shove he shoulder into . Tyler 's kidney and reach around search for the gun . he grab the gun but Tyler will not let go . they fly backwards . they flail and roll in mortal combat . one of halupalai 's foot start to go into the open hatch . he teeter , give one last wrench at the handgun and careen backward into the steel seat brace . the gun ' kitter across the floor , er be on all four grop for the gun in the darkness . valai let out a wild animal yell and fling himself at tyler. oo tches he by the collar and pull he with such strength that : ung navigator flip backward in a half somersault through the ie . vler crash into the back of halupalai 's seat . halupalai the gun . he start back for Tyler who can see he 's lose . desperate and cornere . he jump in the seat and pull action lever . with great force , he and the chair go through the roof of the aircraft . — ~ 100 . ext . sky above b- 52 -- night Tyler come shoot into the empty frame while still in the chair he have no oxygen . silence . int . be52 -- various station -< inflight there be a cacophonous noise . with the instant change in pressure all loose item be suck out through the hole in the aircraft , halupalai 's body sweep up and out the hole . chart , manual , alert bag all geo . o' toole 's body jam in the stairwell . all on - board water vaporize create a kind of diffuse other - worldly lighting effect . kazaklis ' and Moreau 's body strain against they harness . after a few moment they begin to experience the effect of hypoxia . there be a sense of well - be despite the danger . kazaklis reach for Moreau 's thigh instead of he oxygen . they be both euphoric . int . looking glass and e-4 ~— continuous == night we should cross cut between the two side of the conversation . condor so Alice , what happen when one of you crew gee gutless ? alice Sir , there 's no precedent ... condor . screw precedence . no precedent for anything tonight . alice normally , sir , we would send up interceptor and try to bring they down . condor shoot ‘em down ? alice if necessary . we would try to force they the land first . condor . then you would shoot them . what 's the difference ? alice condor , I ... condor and stop callin ' I condor , dammit . this be you President speak , not some dead bird . ( continued ) o~ 101 . continued : alice Sir , ear be open . they can mouse we , we can mouse they . we be get the first bit of message move inside Russia . : condor do not you think you should have tell I about that ? alice sit , we can not make sense of it . all we can determine be they be rattle . just as we be ; Alice feel someone at he elbow . he ignore it . condor I be gonna tell you something , Alice . the thing rattlin ' I most be my own damn military geniuse . alice in this one , sir , there be no military geniuse . the figure next to Alice tug persistently at he sleeve . alice Excuse I a moment , sir . Alice cup the shine then say to the female communication officer : alice for Christ sake , Lieutenant , I be talk to the President of the United States . lieutenant he need to know this , sir . the bison have turn . shortly after polar bear one turn , the Soviet bomber squadron approach they also turn . alice and the rest of they ? : lieutenant proceed , sir . as before . Alice pause a moment and look at the black phone in he hand . L 202 . int . b- 52 -- pilot' station -- inflight the wind have stop but the light be stranger than ever . Moreau 's face be haloed and shimmer , she eye sparkle . her lip be blue . kazaklis lean towards she , touch she face . [t be incredibly erotic . suddenly she slump unconscious towards he . kazaklis nococoooe ! frantically he grab at he dangle oxygen mask . he take three deep breath from the mask . quickly he place the mask over Moreau 's face . she wobble out of insensibility but now he 's go again . he have trouble find the radio button . trouble talk . razaklis get...on...your ...own . he shove Moreau over into she seat . he breathes deeply . slowly he sense return . finally he turn to she . kazaklis Moreau ! she nas the mask slasped over she face . kkazaklis ' sarcasm return . kazaklis onseasonably cold , be not it ? they begin to take the aircraft down to a lower altitude where they — can breathe without oxygen . int . e-4 and looking glass plane -- intercut condor you know how I read this one , Alice ? we get ourselves one deserter . they get a squadron . first time we have come out ahead on anything tonight . alice Sir , they could be signal significant concession . the squadron do not even have the range to make it back to Russia . turn some more of we bomber , sir . see if they reciprocate , condor sound like you want we tc send smoke signal , Alice . alice if it helg to stabilize the current situation , sir . I believe any mean of communication be appropriate . ( continued ) - ~ continued : 103 . condor look Alice , you do not understand what 's go on here . we stop now , we lest . this President be gonna demonstrate that he have the capability and most of all the determination to wage a nuclear war until a acceptable outcome be achieve . alice acceptable to who , sir ? condor acceptable to I . now put another bomber on the henhouse . fast . get that ? : alice I hear you , sir . condor and send out general order to whoever can hear we to shoot down polar bear one . no question . just shoot . hear ? . alice I hear you , sir . condor Don 's sound very convinced , General . alice I do not believe I be , sir . condor you tread careful , Alice , or you will find yourself in deep shit . alice yes , siz . condor , we can send out the order from here . '' alice I suggest you do that , sir . condor I hear you right , Alice ? alic yes , siz . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) there be a moment leave Alice holdi he on the look they will Sam , old a angel int . fema bunker =. a Russian voice su american radio ope : 104 . of silence . then condor hang up the phone . r+ no he phone listen to the buzz . we stay with Glass plane , major # 1 . shoot you , General . alice friend , I should find such of mercy . —- radio room iddenly boom over the loudspeaker , jarring the wator . he listen for a few second before clear he voice . this be to speak he wave to a youn stick she head in get the the wac start to yes ? be command Federal this be require certainl attache radio man pit stop two . you will need in English . ig wac pass by he soundproof window . she radio man bess . on the double . run . russian voice I speak to the alternate facility for fema ? the emergency management Agency ? radio man @ priority channel . you be to identify yourself , russian voice y - I be pyotr krilenko , to the chairman of the presidium of the Supreme Soviet and Premier socialis be with superior importan int . fema bunker -. of the Union of Soviet t republic . the Premier I and must speak to you on a matter of utmost ce . - sick BAY -- maryland nurse # 1 and the Civil Defense director stand watch over they esteem guest . zuly . 20 sedgewick awake in a panic . the clock read i815 ( continued ) 105 . continued : he quickly turn towards the President . his heart sink . the President lay on he back , a i.v. still in he arm . sedgewick fall back in despair . ' then a cool hana caress he forehead . nurse # 1 easy . easy . it 's go to be all right now , sailor . sedgewick why ? why can not I make you understand , nurse # 1 I do understand . no more morphine , sedgewick 's eye go to the President 's : i.v. tube . : nurse # 1 blood serum . nothing else . he 's go to hurt but he 's go to think . sedgewick gog bless you . how long before he 's coherent ? nurse # 1 half hour . forty - five minute maybe . T be sorry we serew thing up . sedgewick oh , honey , believe I , you be not the one whe screw up . the young wac from the radio room come up to the Civil Defense director who have be watch the scene . she whisper something in he ear and they leave the room hurriedly . int . fema -- radio room -={ maryland civil defense director we be at waz , sir . under no circumstance would 1 supply such information to you . premier ( v.0 . ) I repeat , sir , I be net seek information . I know you £ - 4 aircraft be fly over jonesboro in the state of Arkansas . I ask you once again , on behalf of all human kind , to assist I in make radio contact with that aircraft . ( continued ) 106 . continued : civil defense director I will not confirm the existence of any aircraft . premier ( v.9 . ) you will not provide a radio patch to the President , whom I know be aboard the e-4 aircraft ? civil defense director {to tadio operator ) how could that son of a bitch know that for sure ? I bet he want I to confirm location so he can target the 2 - 4 . ( to the premiere ) I will not confirm the existence of any aircraft . premier ( v.o. ) will you , for the sake of both we nation , transmit a message to the ee4 aircraft inform the President that I wish to communicate with he directly ? civil defense director look , I do not know who you be . you could be call from Joe 's pizza parlor . int . be s2 <= pilot' station Moreau stare straight ahead for a few beat , shake she head , then unsnap she oxygen mask , kazaklis feeling any better ? moreau no . I have just be blame myself for a few thing . shoulda this , should that , shoulda , shoulda , shoulda . kazarlis hey , take it easy , pal . moreau take it easy , bullshit . everybody 's go bonker . kazaklis softly place a hand on she shoulder . moreau get you damn hand off of I . ( continued ) continued : 107 . kazaklis hey , Moreau , moreau ( turn to kazaklis ) I need you to help we make some decision , kazaklis . , play you God damn silly percentage baseball . ( softly ) halupalai once tell I there 's a side of you I do not see . kazaklis peer around the side of he helmet peek - a- boo style . : kazarlis my backside , maybe ? Moreau lunge at he , she fist furiously pound he shoulder . moreau stop it . damn you ! stop it ! kazaklis take it for a second then push she back . kazarlis fuel load ? moreao two hundred one thousand pound kazaklis weapon load ? moreau just under twenty - thousand pound . kazaklis we have to jettison the weapon . moreau yes . ext . b- 52 -- view from underneath -- inflight bomb door open and gravity bomb ( unarm ) fall free towards the Gulf of Alaska . kazarlis ( v.0 . ) where be we ? moreau ( v.0 . ) navigation be not we strong point . South of anchorage . what be anchorage . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . continued : moreac ( cont would ) we should be around the kenai Peninsula with kodiak Island come up . kazaklis ( v.o. ) well mar 'am , the way I figure it the world be you oyster . which one of the island do you have stake out on that map that drive the base commander nut ? scram missile begin to pop harmlessly off the wing , the aircraft alter slightly with each disengagement . with the last of the scram go the B - 52 seem to rise . moreau ( v.0. } tahiti . pretty pedestrian , I be afraid . kazaklis ( v.o. ) hokay mutineer , roratunga ! bora bora ! hiva oa ! papeete for the lady . we be go for the blue lagoon . Moreau laugh in spite of herself . int . fema bunker -= maryland the President grumble under he breath for a moment . then sit straight up in bed . president give I a hand , sedgewick . sedgewick 's hand gently push the President back in bed . nurse # 1 please take it easy , sir . president connie ? the President 's unsee eye blink open . he think for a moment and lucidity begin to return . president what time be it , sedgewick ? sedgewick eighteen twenty - five zulu , sir . twenty - five minute after one . ( continued ) ao om continued : president in the afternoon , Jesus H. where be we ? sedgewick 109 . Christ . in the fema bunker at olney . president who 's with we ? sedgewick the Northeast regional fema , two charming and a radio operator and a technician . president that 's it ? sedgewick that 's it , sir . president what 's the matter with sedgewick you be blind , sir . break . president screw that , sedgewick . ( he think of the nurse ) the language , lady . get I on ? ever the place . nurse # 2 morphine , Mr. President . we think it be best . sedgewick director of wise nurse , half dozen I ? you leg be I know that , pardon what have you my mind 's dancin ' all sorry . just keep talk , siz , and it will clear up . clear-head now . president so how come we be not all dead ? you sound pretty what the hell 's go on out there ? sedgewick we do not have a good fix on it , sir . Communications be come back very slowly . we be in a helluva mess . ( continued ) continued : sedgewick sedgewick 110 . ( 2 ) civil defense director {too eager ) we preliminary data show it could have be much worse , sir . most of the target be military . a few city be hit intentionally , but I would say we fatality be only about thirty million , surely no more than forty million . president who the hell be that ? civil defense director bascomb , Mr. President . director Northeast region . fema . retired Army . General officer ... brigadier . president no more than forty million . you find that acceptable , Mr. director ? civil defense director my point , sir ... wave he off . sedgewick . it 's horrible , Mr. President . it 's also much more complicated . we have get a couple command plane up . we can hear one of they . the look Glass plane . president what about the Soviets ? what be they up to ? glance ruefully at the Civil Defense director . sedgewick I be guess , sir . from bit and piece pick up on the radio here we think theiz bomber be still on the way . we bomber must be near they target . we know they hold back more than half they icbm . there be absolutely nething they can do to touch we submarine . I think they will wait to see if there 's another escalation . certainly if gur sub go , they will hit we with everything they have get . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 3 ) a the President slowly bring he hand to he face and rub he empty eye . sedgewick there 's more , siz . the radio here receive a most seculiar call from the Soviet Union a hour ago . the speaker claim he be the Soviet Premier . civil defense director " 1 talk with he , siz . I be sure he be a imposter . de want we to patch he through to the E - 4 . president the e- 4 ? the e=4 go with my eye back at andrew Air Force base . sedgewick look at the Civil Defense director who gulp . sedgewick accord to the director , a alternate e- 4 make it out of omaha on and pick up a presidential for successor in baton rouge . ' the man be aboard the E - 4 at this time . : president what ! a successor ? sedgewick _ everyone think you be dead , sir . include the Soviet Premier , if the call be authentic . I be inclined to believe it be . president be anybody go to tell I who the hell the new President be ? sedgewick the director believe that the Secretary of the Interior have be swear into office and be aboard the e~4 , president Jesus Christ . no one say anything . ( continued ) rno k - continued : ( 4 ) president Jesus H. Christ . we get Alice in one plane and the mad hatter in the other . baskin ? civil defense director bascomb , sir . president what make you think you be not talk to the premiere ? civil defense director he be too rude , sir . Far too rude for a national leader . president rude ? you want to see a national leader get rude ? what do he say to you ? the director blushes bett red and freeze . sedgewick oh , for God 's sake . the Russian say the director could not find he ass with beth hand and a hunt dog . the nurse titter nervously . then the President start to laugh . president baskin , just off that information I would bet you have the Soviet Premier on the phone . try to get he back ... please . the director take a deep breath . president nurse , roll I into the radio room , will you , please ? int . b- 52 -- pilot' station kazaklis be look at he watch . Moreau see he . the screen be still up . moreau it 's almost time for sunrise . a few beat of silence . ( continued ) flash 113. continued : kazaklis just think about it step you in you track , do not it ? moreau I do not know if I want to see it . it might promise too much . kazaklis it promise you another day , Moreau . no more . no less . be glad it 's there . be glad something 's there we could not screw up . ( beat ) I be glad it 's there . I be glad you be here ... Moreau fight a lose battle against tear . she reach out and touch he arm . then she clamber suddenly and awkwardly out of she seat . she wrap both arm around he and hold he tightly . they share the moment . then she disengage . moreao I be sorry . kazarlis why ? she look at the flash screen then back at kazaklis . together they '' reach forward to draw back the curtain . : the scene be flawless . a few strand of cirrus cloud above they catch the first hint of day . on the right the sky remain a regal purple with star still twinkle . on the leave the sky be become a faint blue , below they the ocean spread outward in surreal ripple . suddenly the orange be of the sun peep out of the sea . a magnificent miracle of a day . int . fema radio room -- maryland the President 's bed be angle up against the array of communication gear . sedgewick listen from he bed by the door . the director and the Radio Operator be also there . president . no , mz. Premier , most certainly not . I merely mean that my control over event be minimal . I need time to put my house in order , premier ( v.0 . ) this pretender , this other President , he have control ? ( continued ) on continued : president I be not certain anyone have control here . premier ( v.0 . ) his intention be the same as yours ? president you weapon be very thorough in they destruction of we communication , Mr. Premier . so far T have not be able to talk to he . premier ( v.0 . ) I hope he have be talk to I . president Sir ? premier ( v.90 . ) you be aware that one of you bomber turn , and , in response , I turn a squadron of mine ? president no , Mr. bremier . I do not know that . it be reassure news . premier ( v.0 . ) not really , Mr. President . the remainder of both we bomber fleet have press on . we have less than twenty minute before the bomb start fall again . million more will die . but even that will be nothing compare to the awesome power of you submarine . they operate on a pre-programmed attack schedule ? president that be correct . premier ( v.0 . ) how much time do we have ? president T assure you , Mr. Premier . I would tell you if I know . you must trust I . I do not know . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) premier ( v.0 . ) {pause ) I will trust you intention . you intention might net be enough . you be well aware that I will not be able to contzol my force if you be unable to control yours ? president well aware . premier ( v.0 . ) it be not a question of fault now , Mr. President . for will accept the fault and history 's judgment of it . but man in foxhole will fire back at they own brother . so will man in missile silo . president lis . yes , yes , I know that , Mr. Premier . premier ( v.0 . ) destiny be with you , Mr. President . president and God with you , mz. Premier . there be a linger pause and then , premier ( v.o. ) I be sorry , Mr. President . president I be sorry , too , Mr. Premier . the President blindly hand the phone away . clock . 1900 zulg . sedgewick look at the int . aircraft carrier bridge -=- south pacific -= day a young ensign approach the captain who be drink a cup of coffee . 24 the ensign snap a salute . ensign Sir ! captain anything on that Soviet sub ? ensign no sounding , sir . we seem to have lose he . ( cont inued ) as gf ew i a . continued : fhe ensign hand the Captain a message . ensign we have a unidentified aircraft approach , sir . [ it have a radar profile of a B - 52 . she Captain stare at the ensign a moment , he heart 's not in it when he say : captain send up two F - 18' . int . looking glass plane -- sleeping quarter -=- inflight Alice lie on a cot , one arm over nis eye . lieutenant General ?... General , excuse I , sir . the Civil Defense installation at olney have make direct contact . they be on the radio now . alice - jee~suz keeerist , Lieutenant . Civil defense ! can not you keep that bureaucrat off my back ? tell ‘em I be take a nap . . lieutenant siz , it 's the President . alice condor ? lisutenant no , sir , the President . alice I do not understand ? lieutenant I do not understand either but I have the President on the radiophone . the President . he say it 's urgent . ~ int . looking glass plane / fema radio room -- intercot alice Alice here . president this be the President speak . ( continued ) Dan ao of ~ rf continued : alice Day word ? president I do not think we have time for that , General . alice listen , pal . I do not know what you be but give I the day word now or you will find yourself alone in a phone booth . president ( slight chuckle ) Day word 's cottonmouth . Command word 's trinity and the action word be jericho . now _ you will ask for the authenticator code , right ? alice Bet you ass , buddy . Alice finger he own card in front of he . president I doe not have my authenticator card , Alice , it 's lose and you either trust I or more than jericho 's wall will come tumble down . alice without that card you be a phony . I do not know who you be . president so what do we do now , General ? you want to quiz I about the Brooklyn dedger ? you want Betty grable 's measurement ? or be it bo derek this time around ? alice we hang up . I will not talk to you . I be disconnect . president you hold on , General . for this be the President of the United States call you . authenticator card or no authenticator card . we can play it by the book and blow the world to smithereen . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 118 . ( 2 ) president ( cont would ) that 's what the book call for . be that where you want to go ? Alice say nothing , light a cigarette . president I need a patch through to the E - 4 . I know you can talk to they . we can hear you but we can not reach they . I know the Secretary of the Interior be aboard . he think he 's the President . I must talk to he . fast . it 's about the submarine . De you understand ? alice where 's you card ? - president damned if I know . on the south lawn which I crawle across on my belly . in nighthawk I which get knock down in a gully with I in it . alice without the card , the e-4 will not give you the time of day . president you let I worry about that , General . I be ask you to patch I through . will you do it ? Alice pull himself up to a correct military posture . look for another cigarette and find the pack empty . he crumple it and make he decision . 20 alice ( to Sam ) Sam , recall the bomber . SAM what ?! alice . you hear I . SAM yes , siz . alice Mr. President , I will be happy to patch you directly to the E - 4 . however , I should brief you on a few matter first . 119 . int . b- 52 += pilot' station -- inflight kazaklis whoo-e-e-e , take a look at that . Moreau lean across and look out the port side window . she see a massive aircraft carrier that look at this distance like a toy . there be a storm brewing behind the ship . suddenly the F - 18s be on they , one off each wing tip . the fighter on kazaklis ' side tip he wing like kayak paddle . kazaklis grin at the pilot . kazaklis uh oh . we get company . you like I , boy ? name 's kazaklis . the pilot in F - 18 # 1 signal thumb down . moreag this guy look serious , kazaklis . the f-l8 fire into the emptiness in front of they . kazaklis I would say that boy be very serious . the pilot in F - 18 # 2 gesture to he face mask . moreau . ~ he want to talk to we . you think he want to negotiate ? kazaklis flip through the channel until he hear , pilot # 2 Air Force zero-two-six-six-four. kazaklis that 's we , pal . we friend call we polar bear . pilot # 2 o.k. , smart -ass , we order be to bring you down or shoot you down . do you understand ? . kazaklis I think we will stay up . my friend here be afraid of shark . pilot # 2 Roger , zero=two-six - six - four . you know what a sidewinder will do to shat crate of yours ? ( continued ) continued : kazaklis save you heavy stuff for the bad guy , sailor . you know I get a lady in the right hand seat ? Moreau groan loudly . razaklis puttin 's all that lead in a lady might be hard to stomach , huh ? pilot # 2 bring you down or shoot you down . you choice , flyboy . kazaklis o.k. , sailor , we understand you havin 's order and all . tf think you should know we navigator 's dead , and we radar man 's dead . so we can not see you comin ' . we ewo 's dead so we can not send out decoy . we gunner 's dead so we can not shoot at you even if we could see you . now why do not you just wheel around and pump a few round into we ?... you want to say good - bye to the lady now ? a beat before the other F - 18 pilot respond . pilot # 1 we do not want to do this buddy . then in unison the two fighter peel off into they turn before return for the kill . kazaklis head the B - 52 directly into the storm . int . looking glass plane / fema bunker --— intercut alice siz , I can turn the bomber but I can not issue order to submarine . the Air Force can not issue order to the navy . we can act as a relay , offer support , but not order . sedgewick siz , the navy have two tacamo plane for communicate with the sub . one 's over the Atlantic ; the other 's over the Pacific . ( continued ) 121. continued : alice they get off the ground but no one 's be able to contact they yet . anyway they will only accept order from the President or he successor . you do not have you authenticator card , Mr. President . the Secretary do . president well , I will just have to convince the Secretary to do it for we . alice I hope so , siz . you now have exactly one hour and twenty - eight minute before that sub launch . int . aircraft carrier bridge -- south pacific ~- day klaxon be wailing . loudspeaker be blaring the call to general quarter . the ensign be there with the Captain . ensign it 's confirm , sir . a victor class Soviet submarine . captain . ~ how far ? ensign five mile , on we tail . the ' Captain look away . ensign siz , be this it ? int . e=4 -- presidential compartment -~ inflight the Fish and Wildlife director be stretch out on the couch . the President be quietly read the Bible . the Colonel sit in a chair fidget with a pencil . the phone light and condor pick it up . condor conder . president ( v.0 . ) good God , be that what they call you ? I do not know if I would stand for that , mz. Secretary . condor you be dead , Mr. President . ( continued ) 122. continged : 7 the Colonel blanch and jump out of he seat . son president ( v.0 . ) like Mark twain , Mr. Secretary , I be afraid the report of my death have be greatly exaggerated . I be tell , however , that you have do a superb job while I be incapacitate . the Colonel hover above condor try to grab the phone . colonel jone who the devil be it ? president ( v.0 . ) I be not sure I would have be so cool myself . I congratulate you . colonel jone what the hell be go on ? president ( v.0 . ) . now we have to work together on the next step , my old friend . the bomber be already turn but we on™ have not much time . uncertainty creep into condor 's eye . the Colonel 's arm wrestle he for the phone . condor turned ? ( to Colonel ) [ it 's the President . . the Colonel stop wrestle , shake he head , and smile thinly in disdain . president ( v.o. ) we must stop that submarine , Mr. Secretary . it 's go to take the two of we . colonel jone this be the oldest trick in the book . condor . tt sound just like the President . colonel jone a thousand Russians be train to do that . tape machine . audio enhancer . ( continued ) on 123 . continued : ( 2 ) president ( v.o. ) we must send out the order for a cease fire , Mr. Secretary . then , tegether , we can begin to put what 's leave of we nation back together . condor who be you ? president ( v.0 . ) Mr. Secretary . I be the President of the United States and you know that very well . colonel jone they can tell you you wife 's maiden name , you favorite breakfast cereal . they be scared silly . they be try averything . president ( v.o. ) Mr. Secretary I attend you granddaughter 's baptism not three month ago . the child 's name be Rachel . she have beautiful blond ringlet . condor look up at the Colonel in anguish . . colonel jone ask he for authenticator code confirmation . condor withdraw he card . 20 _ condor in the upper right hand corner of you seal authenticator system Card read I the third , fourth and fifth letter and / or digit . president ( v.0 . ) my card 's lose , mz. Secretary . that should not surprise you . you be on the ground . it 's not the first time a President 's card have be miss . Reagan 's be lose for . two day when someone take a shot at he , I have be through far worse . now I be issue you a direct command , land that aircraft at the nearest available field . ( continued ) continued : 124 . ( 3 ) condor you lose . colonel jone right ! . condor you be a no good commie fraud . president ( v.0 . ) you be make a monumental error , Mr. Secretary . condor good-bye , comrade . he hang up the phone . int . b= -52 ~~ pilot' station -- inflight kazaklis and Moreau sit listen to the two pilot in the F - 18s talk on they radio . they be get closer to the storm . pilot # 1 ( v.o0 . ) o.k . two , let 's go for it . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) Larry ? Real shit duty , be not it ? : pilot # 1 ( v.0 . ) everything 's shit duty today , Red Fox two . let 's go in . kazaklis that guy be all heart . hey , Moreau ? I wish I have come to know you better . moreau . my knicker , kazaklis . you wish you have know my knicker . kazaklis oh this , too . pretty nice knicker they be . moreau I seem to remember something about better thigh on a safeway fryer . kazarlis do I say that ? he pat she thigh . ( continued ) 125 . continued : kazaklis feel like a triple a to I . she remeve he hand . moreau but attach to a real bitch , huh ? kazaklis yeah , sometimes . moread yeah , most of the time . pilot # 1 ( v.o. ) one mile , Red Fox two . let 's take it up and come down on ‘em . kazaklis Moreau ?... I be not talk about you knicker . moreau thanks , kazaklis . in front of they the storm cloud loom larger . suddenly there be a very bright flash and a shudder ripple through the 3-52 . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) Holy heaven . pilot # 1 ( v.0 . ) do not look at it ! pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) but it ... pilot # 1 ( v.0 . ) De not look ! the B - 52 be in the cloud now . they can not see much ef anything . pilot # 1 ( v.0 . ) Red Fox two , I will take the first pass . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) break it off , Larry . it 's finish . the only response be static . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) we know we ship be gonna get it . it 's finish now , Larry . ( continued ) 2 u 126. continued : ( 2 ) a more static in response . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) let them go . let somebody go for God 's sake . : there be more static from Pilot # 1 until , pilot # 1 ( v.o. ) Red Fox two . this be Red Fox one . I be go in . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) break away ! break away ! get off ‘em , Larry . pilot # 1 ( v.0. } close . - pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) please ! through the radio din we hear a faint chug -a-chug -a . kazaklis and Moreau hunch up . nothing happen . kazaklis and Moreau look at each om otner . for . pilot # 2 ( v.o. ) eject ! damm you , Larry . get out . ~ hit it . int . e-4 -- presidential compartment -- inflight harpoon Harpoon report , sir . condor Admiral . we get curselve a situation here . need a little more info on we naval force . who be authorize to issue new order to the submarine . harpocn only you can issue order to the submarine , sir . through the tacamo plane . condor . what if someone else counterfeit ~~ the code so the order seem to . come from I ? kn harpoon I do not see how , sir . ( continued ) for a continued : 127 . condor you friend Alice seem pretty good at do that with the Air Force . harpoon Sir , I do not see ... condor ocutting he off ) never mind . what happen if the tacamo plane get conflict order ? harpoon Sir , what 's go on ? do Alice turn the b-52 . condor answer I , Harpoon . harpoon what do the Russian bomber do ? Harpoon look accusingly around the room . the silence speak volume . harboon the Russian bomber turn in response , do not they ? Sir , you 's can not even be consider the use of sub now . condor talk to I about conflict order , Harpoon . harpoon the Soviets could not make they intention clearer . colonel jone and commit a incredible strategic blunder . [ it 's now we sub against they remain icbm . and we sub be a lot closer to they than they icbm be to we . before they know what hit they it will be too late . condor one more time , Admiral . what would happen if the tacamo plane get conflict order ? harpoon please , siz ... ( continued ) 128. continued : ( 2 ) condor motion to the secret service agent who quickly back harpoc™ up against the bulkhead , jam the barrel of he uzi submachine gun underneath Harpoon 's chin . condor Admiral ? Harpoon look into the eye of the secret serviceman and determine that he 's capable of pull the trigger . harpoon if both command nad the proper code the tacamo plane would be confuse . they would suspect that the Soviets have spoof one set . they would proceed with the original order for the sub to fire at 2100 zulu . condor that 's all , Admiral . you be dismiss . the secret serviceman remove he gun and back off . harpoon Sir , I ... condor : ~ dismiss ! condor turn he back on Harpoon . Harpoon look humiliate and gefeat . all eye avert he . in desperation Harpoon lunge for conder . Harpoon grab he around the neck , try to strangle the life out of the suecessor with every fiber in he body . Harpoon see the secret service agent cock he gun . Harpoon shout . he have a maniacal gleam in he eye . harpoon . shoot ! shoot ! please ! bring this plane down . please shoot . the agent lower he gun . everyone seem paralyze for a moment when suddenly a ornately tool leather belt be whipped around Harpoon 's neck . the belt twist hard , cut off he airflow . widen to reveal the fat man from baton rouge as the initiator of this improvise yet effective rescue . for a few moment it be a test of will but finally Harpoon be no match for the three hundred pound of bulk . Harpoon lose he grip on condor . his own face become distort and suddenly he be go . oy int . 129 . 132 fema radio room / int . looking glass plane -- intercut president I could not order you to do that . alice order I , sir ? it be my idea . president there must be some other way . alice Mr. President , we have less than one hour before the sub will fire . I have serious doubt there be any way to stop it . but if we be able to reach the tacamo plane , you can bet the ee4 will be able to reach they . if that plane get conflict order , the sub will stick with they original battleplan . it 's that simple . president what do you think , sedgewick ? sedgewick I be afraid the General 's right , Mr. President . however , to make anything work the General will have to read I the authenticator code . digit by digit . letter by letter . that be extremely dangerous . we know the Soviets can probably hear the look Glass since they have get a couple of satellite function . [ if they pick up the code , they will have almost as much control over we weapon as you de , sir . president yesterday that would have be high treason . today it come out to zero plus zero . I do not know what to say to you , General , except , thank you . alice do not thank I , Mr. President . it 's time to get on with it . we have lose some ground . it will not be as easy . ( continued ) 130 . continued : president will you call I before you ...uh ...? alice before I ram he ?... yes , of course , I will , Mr. President . int . be52 <= pilot' station -= inflight a single F - 18 pull up off Moreau 's side . they look at each other . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) good luck , polar bear . moreau why ? pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) we have nowhere to go . maybe you do . moreau you carrier ? pilot # 2 ( v.9 . ) just go . moreao I be sorry . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) we know it would go ... I gotta leave you now . kazaklis hey , buddy , why doe not you tag along ? pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) negative , thanks . I get a buddy in the drink back there . kazaklis he make it ? pilot # 2 ( v.o. ) oh , yeah . I just whump he a little one . he get out . he 's get he raft open . I 'il bet he 's feel meaner than a barracuda right now , too ... say , polar bear ? kazaklis yeah , Red Fox ? ( continued ) 26 continued : ey we ner . pilot # 2 ( v.0 . ) when the two of we come paddlin ' in , you bring on the dance girl . hear ? . kazaklis you bet , Red Fox . moreaq lueck ! the gleam fighter peel off . the B - 52 plow head on into the dark of the storm , it have begin to rain . int . looking glass plane <= cockpit == inflight the screen be off but the aircraft be fly through smoke and crud . Alice stand behind smitty the pilot . a alarm be buz . the pilot alice turn that damn thing off . we do not have to think about radiation alarm anymore , look up . smitty you okay , General ? alice you pre-empt I , smitty . it 's my job to ask you that , smitty oh I be do all right . you ever think it would be this way , sir ? alice tell you the truth , smitty , I do not know what I think . smitty no I guess none of we do . . alice I be very proud of you , old friend . all of you people . a few beat of silence . alice where be the e=4 now , smitty ? ( continued ) continued : smitty about a hundred mile away , sir . North of Memphis . alice . they will spot we pretty soon . smitty yes , siz . figure it cut , toc . ext . e-4 -- near memphis -- inflight -- day 132 . the big plane bank around a big brown cloud of radioactive crud . int . e-4 -= cockpit -- inflight -- day the flight crew here be show sign of strain . screen be also off . as they come out of they notice something on he radar . e-4 pilot you know the higher this dirty cloud get , the harder it be to keep this aircraft out of ‘em . sheppard , double check the position of the look Glass . sheppard scarcely a hundred mile , and close . ee4 pilot have everyone go bananas ? why be Alice bring that plane so near ? try ‘em on the radio . sheppard try on the radio for a few moment . sheppard they be not respond , siz . maybe they have get radio trouble ? they flash turn , the pilot the e~4 pilot think for a moment , then go to the intercom . int . e-4 -- briefing room -=- inflight -- continuous Colonel Jones sit alone study map . the intercom buzy . we only hear he side of the conversation . colonel jone yes ?... tell I ... do you try to make radio contact ? Jesus Christ ! evade he ! run for it ! he hang up the phone . - with uw . int . e-4 -- cockpit -— inflight ~~ continuous the pilot talk to he crew . e-4 pilot now that make a lot of sense . I will keep some distance between we . but I be not go through any hot cloud to do it . he bank the plane to the vight . int . fema radio room -- maryland sedgewick , prone on he gurney , be alone with the Radio Operator . they be try to reach the tacamo plane . radio operator I be sorry , sir . I be get nothing from the tacamo plane . sedgewick all right . ' try the low frequency channel . int . e~4 -=- briefing room -- inflight Colonel Jones be address the communication staff plus the pilot . the secret serviceman with he submachine gun be also there . colonel jone the Soviets ' uncertainty have prove to be we opportunity . if we can reach the tacamo plane , we can unload we sub with moral justification and without the condemnation of history . this exchange will alter the balance of power for century . cantury ! we should sense some discomfort in the room . a sense this people feel the Colonel be get a little carry away . colonel jone the look Glass plane must now be regard as enemy aircraft manned by treasonous man . he look at the pilot . colonel jone it want you to do everything in you power to put distance between we and they . no more avoid radioactive cloud . {more } ( continued ) 134 . continued : colonel jone ( cont would ) the fate of the world be at stake . De you understand ? 0o.k. dismiss ! they begin to leave . the Colonel pull aside the secret service agent . colonel jone stay in the cockpit and make sure the pilot do everything he 's suppose to do . to the letter . he let we get catch once already . ext . looking glass plane and e-4 -— inflight -- day the look Glass plane be within a mile of the e- 4 . the e-4 eecasionally bob and weave through some dirty cloud . the look Glass follow turn for turn . int . looking glass plane -~ cockpit -- inflight the e-4 be see through the windshield . Alice be there with the flight crew . smitty they decidad to take the rad , too . they have stop ducking the cloud . make it tougher . alice it 's more important now , smitty . smitty you think we improve the odd ? alice yes . they be down to about 100 to one . smitty General , that 's almost a shoo-in . he nudge he throttles try to pick up a few knot of air speed . int . b=52 <= gunner' station -=- inflight torrential rain flood through halupalai 's escape hatch . it short out the equipment back there in sizzle and snap . int . be52 <= pilot' station -- inflight kazaklis be look back toward the spark . he turn around and shut off some equipment . some of he gauge be now dark , some sputter , some be light but do not move . ( continued ) 135 . continued : visibility be zero , with gale force wind . the aircraft belly flo : on new air current , groan and shriek in protest . kazaklis and Moreau act as one . ' they be clone . they talk only when necessary . she see something . moreag Fire in number three engine . . kazaklis shut it down . she do so with determination . int . e-4 == cockpit <= inflight the secret service agent stand behind the flight crew , he weapon very much in evidence . . the Pilot eye he nervously . " be4 pilot do not you have a better place to be right now , young man ? secret service agent no sir , I do not . e-4 pilot well how ' bout puttin’ that weapon down someplace ? there 's no need for it in here . the secret serviceman glare at the Pilot . the Pilot look at he co-pilot who swallow . the hair on the back of he neck be beginning to tingle . int . e-4 «=| radio room area <= inflight colonel jone could they be jam we attempt to reach the tacamo plane ? e-4 radio operator no sir , the Russians be not capable of jam we but they can listen through they two volna satellite over the Atlantic and Pacific . Colonel Jones think for a moment . colonel jone Atlantic and Pacific ? ( continued ) a continued : e-4 radio operator yes , sir . colonel jone that 's it ! that 's it ! all eye turn toward the Colonel . he glance at the clock : 2015 zul0 . int . b- 52 -- pilot' station -- inflight moreaoq Fire in number four . kazaklis look leave , try to see the nearest inboard engine through the streak of water on the window . kazarlis shut it down . moreao done . kazaklis rudder . moreau get it . the rear of the aircraft lurch . we hear rippling metal along with moaning , creaking and wheeze . . razaklis we be gonna lose the rudder and the stabilizer . we gotta get some - altitude . moreao thanks . which way be up ? razarlis be askin ' myself that all my life . moreau very funny . ext . b- 52 -- inflight we see the B - 52 come perilously close to the monster wave . one big one lap at the belly of the plane . 137 . int . 2 - 4 <= radio room -- inflight the Colonel be rush excitedly around the compartment , patting technician ' shoulder , shaking limp hand . no one share he enthusiasm . . he go to the phone . colonel jone Sir ? condor ( v.0 . ) you interrupt my prayer , Colonel . colonel jone I have the answer to you prayer , sir . condor ( v.0 . ) do not expect the answer by phone . colonel jone Sir , I have reach the tacamo plane . it 's in the bag . you will have to come down with the authenticator card . condor ( v.0 . ) how in Lord 's name do you do that ? colonel jone straight through a couple of Soviet satellite , sir . we use the Russian communication equipment to contact we own navy plane . how 's that for shove it to they ? condor ( v.0o . ) be right down , Colonel . Colonel Jones cradle the phone for a minute then push the button for the cockpit . pilot ( v.0 . ) Pilot , here . colonel jone where the hell be Alice ? . pilot ( v.0 . ) right on we tail , sir . colonel jone listen , you incompetent idiot . you keep that bastard off we for another fifteen minute . [ I be gonna win this war ! . int , 3 - 52 -- pilot' station -= inflight kazarklis we be not gonna make it . moreau yes , we be , rkazaklis prepare to eject . moreau i'm not eject , kazaklis . Far off in the distance kazaklis see some distant streak of yeilow . he head in that direction . int . looking glass plane cockpit / int . fema radio room -- 153 president Alice , we have find a way through to the tacamo plane ; unfortunately someone on the e- 4 come up with it first . alice conflict crder . it doom we , Mr. President , president perhaps . perhaps not . it 's in you lap , General . the 2 - 4 get a locator message through . the tacamo plane have ask for confirmation and code , it will take a few minute to move the code . not many . can you catch he in a few minute ? Alice stares.out the cockpit window at the e-4 tail still a half mile distant . president General ? alice I be sorry , sir . [ it be impossible . president try. : alice of course I will try , sir . president what the hell time be it ? ( continued ) i133 . continued : alice ~~ 2034 , sir . president call I back in two minute -= 2036 on the nose . we be count in second now . alice yes , sir . for know , sir . the President hang up . alice smitty , I want you to burn out every fan in that engine of yours . we have get five minute or it 's all over . int . e~4 -- radio room -- inflight condor enter . a young officer salute and feel immediately embarrassed . not only be it strange to salute a man in blue jeans and down vest but the formal rule be suspend here , no one else pay much attention . Colonel Jones escort he to a telegraph operator . a : colonel jone . they doe not want voice confirmation . they want it on paper and in a specific sequence or it will be ignore . condor o.k. let 's get start . int . looking glass plane -- cockpit <= inflight Alice be look out the window savore a last cigarette . he look at he watch =- 2036 zulu . he pick up the phone . president ( v.0 . ) General , I have the pramier on the line . his people be monitoring the transmission . you have three , maybe four minute , can you do it in that time ? alice no , Mr. President , I cannot . o~ there be a long silence . president ( v.o. ) you understand what this mean ? ( continued ) '' 140 . continued : alice all too well , Mr. President . president ( v.o. ) it 's hopeless ? . . alice tf I place myself in the cockpit of the E - 4 , siz , I see myself pursue by a madman . I see the President of the United States pursue by a madman , with only I between the two . president ( v.0 . ) madness take many form , General . I be afraid I can see that more clearly now sightless , than 1 do with both eye . there be a silence for a few minute . president ( v.9 . ) General ? alice yes , siz ? . president ( v.0 . ) against you wish I be go to - thank you . not all we people programming be faulty . int . e-4 -— cockpit -- inflight the pilot look as though he have resolve something . he turn to look at the secret serviceman one more time . then he turn back and grip the wheel tightly . int . Zed == radio room -- inflight condor and Colonel Jones be supervise the tapetapea- tap of the code when the plane suddenly bank hard leave . int . looking glass plane -= cockpit -- inflight qut the cockpit window we can see the e-4 turn broadside to the look Glass . Alice drop a match , grip the phone tighter . smitty put the look Glass into a shallow banking dive to the leave . into the phone Alice say : . : alice please . do better next time , sir . ( continued ) continued : '' ym ' the windshield fill with the Blue letter spelling UNITED state : of america . the screen go to black as we hear rather than see the explosion . as the explosion sound fade we hear the beginning of teletyde sound . narrator at twenty forty - one zulu time sedgewick 's transmission reach the two tacamo aircraft . at twenty forty - four the code be complete , follow by this encrypt instruction from the President . across the black screen ptint out as a teletype would : cease : all hostility immediately , maintain alert status slow dissolve to : ext . 8- 52 -~ inflight --— day of ~ the b-32 come at we , riding ovt of the stem . tt break into the ' sunshine , kazaklis ( v.6 . ) raratonga ? bora bora ? hiva 0a ? papeete for the lady ? ( he laugh ) moreau ( v.o. ) great Captain shazam , so now what ? kazaklis ( v.o. ) I do not know , mozeau . welcome to tomorrow . as the be52 go past we . fade out . the end