the lion in winter second draft of a screenplay by James Goldman revise 11th October a_ word about castle the lion in winter be a special and peculiar sort of history play . to make its style and intention clear on film , the look of the castle where it occur and the sense of castle life need to be earthly real and , at the same time , strikingly different from what we be use to see in King Arthur movie . almost nothing be know about the castle at chinon as it be in Henry 's time ; and little enough be know about 12th century castle in general . one thing be clear , however , and important for we purpose : only that such castle look nothing like what we expect . the stone fortress that remain today be only the shell of castle as they be live in . most of the shelter for most of the staff , all of the workshop -- the armory , forges , stable and so on -~ be make of wood . a castle courtyard be a crowded , teeming , dirty place with much more wood than stone to greet the eye . a major castle , as chinon be , be like a miniature town . everything necessary to the life of the establishment exist inside the wall . poultry , livestock , loom and tailor , mill for grind grain , vast storeroom , water well , boot maker , garden -- everything vital to life under siege be somehow pack in . at special time , like the Christmas Court during which the film occur , the congestion be even worse than usual . all guest , the visit noble and clergyman , travel with train of vary size . so that , in addition to the usual crowd , we find hundred of soldier and servant live outdoors , jamme together in tent , huddle for warmth around dozen of fire . live condition , even for royalty , be crude and rough . the castle room be spartan : a bed , a few chair , chest for age , clothes hang in the open on rack . floor be red with straw which - was-swept .away and replace only occasionally . interior at high noon on a clear day be ~ always dark , illumination come from extremely smoky torch and candle . in winter , wind whistle through the open slit window and the place be freezing cold . a lot of they habit seem oddly contradictory . in spite of the cold , everyone from the King to he vassal sleep naked . in the midst of the general crudeness , noble wear the most exquisite fabric ~~ cloth of gold and silver , delicate brocade . clothing be generally dirty and even at a Christmas Court , nothing look clean . tables be set with fine linen and napkin of a kind be use ; yet most of the eat be do with finger . sanitary condition be di appall . for some reason , castle , in addition to they human tenant , be populate by hundred of dog . all this thing -- the grime and dirt and cold , the coarse - ness and crudity of life in general -- be vital to the look of the film . on the whole , there be few specific reference to this element in the screenplay . Rather than clutter up the going on with data . it seem better to suggest they here and let the castle that the story move in be imagine . a_ note about music on the stage , Christmas carol be use for incidental music in good effect . carol use be from all period . there be something available through musical style -- use medieval instrument to play 19th century tune with contemporary harmonization -- that should have a considerable help in let a audience know that it 's a odd and different kind of history show that they be see . the point to be make here be that the music be a useful and important element . it want to be crisp , clear , spirite and , above all , distinctive ; that be , it need to have a sound we have not hear before . and because the style of the write involve a mixing of odd element it seem right that the freshness of musical sound should be achieve the same way . j iii the character henry Il wecccceccceccesceeeesee King of England ; age 50 eleanor of aquitaine ...-.+.---+.. his wife ; age 61 richard the lionhearted ........ they oldest boy ; age 26 geoffrey .c.cscceececeeceeevees they middle boy ; age 25 they youngest boy ; age 16 JOHN cece eer cc cree ccesevesacccee alais capet ... seeeeeeeeeeess a french princess ; age 23 philip capet .eececcceeceeees the King of France , age 18 a note soldier and friend william marshal .ocecessecsrveee of the family ; age about 35 the time : Christmas , 1183 o the place : Henry 's castle at chinon , France no err ee no pn not ( bold , stark letter , black on white : the lion in winter ext . castle ( cut to henry plantagenet close up . his eye be bright , he tooth bare in a grin of fierce excitement . the picture be freeze and the title remain as we pull back enough to see bright blue i sky , green field , with a festive camelot-like little tent in the distance . henry , we now see , be ! poise for dueling , sword in hand . ( henry be 50 , a age at which , in he time , man be either old or dead . not henry . very nearly all he ever be , he be enjoy that final rush of physical and mental vigor that come to some man not before the end but just before the state of the decline . ( as the title fade , the picture start to move and henry bark out - ) henry come on . come for I . ( he bring he sword down and the duel begin . his opponent , whom we see from behind , charge at he , raining blow after blow . henry parry only , never strike back , always retreate . ( they fight across the field . suddenly , henry , move backwards , trip and fall . with a cry , he opponent charge at he . effortlessly , henry strike he first blow . the opponent be sword fly from he hand as he sprawl flat out on the ground . henry bound to he foot , move to he fall opponent and look down . i ( cut to the opponent from henry's Pov . it 's JOHN , he son of 16 , who , in 18 year , be to become the worst king in English history . still pudgy with baby fat , he have a round open face that be enchant when he smile . he be frighten now and shake up . ( cut to henry from john' Pov . he glare down , sword in hand . then , with a quick , gruff smile he reach down and yank JOHN to he foot ) | henry you be gain on it , johnny . continue JOHN be I , Father ? be I really ? henry off you go , now . run along and practice . ( JOHN pick up he sword , start across the field toward a knight , he dueling master who stand wait . henry , a look of affection on he face as he look after JOHN , turn and start across the field toward the little tent . he wave . we can just make out a figure by the tent . it wave j back . ) ext . castle and picnic ( cut to JOHN and the knight . JOHN cast a look in henry's direction . there be no love lose . as he turn back and dueling practice begin - ( cut to tent . food for a royal picnic be hand - somely arrange . the figure we see be a girl . henry lie , he head on she lap . ( cut to the girl , close up . alais capet be 23 and exquisitely beautiful . she be like a fine porcelain figure - fragile , delicate , pure , the only person in this story easy to break . she be happily and desperately in love with henry ; it 's all over she as she look down at he ) alais ( sing softly in she native tongue ; bright and gay ) allon gai , gai , gai , bergere ; allon gai allon gai , soyez legere , suivez mois . ( we pull back , include they both . henry's gaze be out across the field ) henry he will make a good king . he will be ready . ( cut to JOHN & the knight . JOHN flail away stumble and stagger about . cut back to henry & alais ) that 's it , that 's the way , lad . alais oh , what difference do it make who 's king next ? do it matter who come after you ? continue henry ( he sit up , take a chicken leg from a platter , start devour it ) there be a legend of a King call lear with whom I have a lot in common . both of we have kingdom and three child we adore and both of we be old . but there it stop . he cut he kingdom into bit . I can not do that . I have build a empire : all of England , half of France . it all go where I say it go and I say John . alais i I be go to lose you , Henry , be not I ? and novice , whore , gypsy , jade and little boy but nowhere in God 's western world have I find anyone to love but you . and rosamund . she 's dead . alais and Eleanor . henry the new medusa , my good wife . alais how be you queen ? henry decaye , I suppose . no , do not be jealous of the gorgon ; she be not among the thing I love . how many husband do you know who lock they wife away ? I have not keep the great bitch in the keep for ten year out of passionate attachment . ah - there 's Captain marshal . henry alais , in my time , I have know contessas , milkmaid , courtesan alais henry i ( he see something across the field ) ( he rise , beckon , call ) William . ext . castle 's ( cut to full view of the field from beyond the ; tent . we be not in countryside at all but rather | just outside the great wall of a castle . along the wall , servant , soldier and attendant for the a ma 6 continue royal picnic stand at the ready . on horseback , riding past they toward Henry be william marshal . cut to - ( marshal in close up . he be 35 and look like the distinguished soldier he be . a rugge face but honest , open and friendly . he be totally devote to Henry and he child and through all they war and conflict somehow manage always to be loyal to all of they . cut to - ( henry , as marshal stand before he , bow ) henry we will be hold Christmas Court at chinon . we have ask the King of France to join we . I want Richard there . and geoffrey . find my boy and tell they so . and then go fetch the Queen from salisbury Tower . marshal if the Queen refuse ? henry Eleanor ? she would not miss this for the world . ( cut to marshal riding across the field away from the castle . cut to - ( henry & alais stand side by side at the tent , watch he go ) henry I be afraid it 's go to be a family Christmas . alais I be afraid , too . henry what of ? alais just afraid . ( he look at she with enormous tenderness , take she in he arm . they hold each other . cut to ~ ( henry , close up , eye close , hold she . he open he eye , look out across the field . anxiety cross he face . cut to - ( JOHN , sweat , red-face , flail away . '' 10 ext . castle ( jousting ) Richard ! ( two knight on horse in full armor charge at each other with lance . one of the knight be a giant of a man . they meet with tremendous impact . the giant knight be send fly violently to the ground . ( we be in the list , watch a contest . it be not the set we be use to see - grandstand , canopy , banner . at this time , the list consist of the broad , shallow mud trench that lay between the inner and outer wall of a castle . it be primitive and crude , not glamorous . the audience either stand or sit on straw spread on the mud . there sit one or two crude bench for the most important noble present . ( the smaller knight , himself a large man , leap from he horse , throw off he visor and we get we first look at richard lionheart . ( richard , at 26 , look like he legend : handsome , impressive , fierce , powerful . he love the blood and violence of war . he be catch up in this passion when we see he and he face be frightening . ( he move to the giant knight who lie stunne , sprawle in the mud . he draw he sword . he be go to kill the man . cut to - ( the audience . they be appal but afraid to speak . behind they , marshal stride down toward the list . cut to - ( richard , sword poise . the giant knight stir , make animal sound of protest ) marshal ( Voice over , call out ) ( richard hesitates , turn . cut to - ( marshal walk into the list towards he . in ordinary , conversational tone ) hello , Richard . ( credit continue as we cut to - il ext . clifftop ( a rocky sea coast . a large body of foot soldier be march along the shore . there be a cliff along the shore . the camera move up it . there be a tiny movement at the top . the camera zoom in on - o oc 11 12 13 continue geoffrey . ( geoffrey plantagenet , Count of Brittany , crouch in a clump of undergrowth . geoffrey be 25 , lithe , feline , attractive , quick of speech and movement . his be the best brain of a brainy family and he face shine with intelligence . dress for the palace , not the field , he be watch the progress of the troops below . ( we see the field behind he . a large body of knight in full armor on horse stand divide into two orderly group , one some distance to he leave , the other to he right . ( geoffrey signal to one of the group . we see they charge wildly down the cliff . they come down in front of the troops below . ( the troops be throw into wild confusion . they start to run in retreat . ( geoffrey signal to he other group of knight . watch they roaring down the cliff , come down again in front of retreate troops . the slaughter on the beech be terrible . ( geoffrey watch it , feel pleasure not at the slaughter , but at a maneuver well plan and execute . ( marshal appear on the field behind he , approach ) marshal geoffrey ( turn to marshal ) Father want to see I . ( marshal nod ) where and when ? ext . salisbury tower ( cut to the Main Gate of the great castle . we be at salisbury Tower . marshal appear , stride toward the gate . as the gate begin to open for he , cut to -) ext . yard a smaller gate in the castle yard . soldier on guard duty in front of it . marshal approach . the gate be open . cut to -) '' 14 15 int . int . you majesty . there be to be a Christmas Court . yes , salisbury tower doorway ( a heavily bar doorway inside the tower , two guard duty . they come to attention as marshal appear . as they open the gate , cut to - { a large , cold , relatively barren castle room . a few chair , wooden chest , a bed , a few wall tapestry , straw on the floor . even when we come to chinon , all the room be like this . luxury and elegance do not exist . the only richness of the period be in the fabric of the clothes the wealthy wear ) eleanor's room salisbury tower ' madam . ( the camera take in the room . a guard stand by be the room 's one door . he be a young and splendid look soldier except for the fact that he leave arm , at a point just above the elbow , have be lose in combat . in one corner of the room , there be two Maids -in-wait do needlework by the small : window . we come finally to a fireplace . there be } a blaze fire . there be a armchair by the fire . i in it sit - ( eleanor of aquitaine . she be 61 and look nothing like it . she be a truly handsome woman of great temperament , authority and presence . she have be a Queen of international importance for 46 year and you know it . finally , she be that most unusual thing : a genuinely feminine woman thoroughly capable of hold she own in a man 's world . ( when we first see she , she be gaze into the fire , deep in think . there be no sense of repose ; this be not reverie . the eye burn and the mind be busy . ( we be look past she , towards the door . it open . the one - armed guard come to attention as marshal enter and bow ) marshal eleanor ( not turn . we move closer and closer to she face ) marshal ( Voice over ) 15 _o | 16 17 oo 18 19 '' continue eleanor where ? ( nothing but she face . the look be enigmatic but the excitement be unmistakable ) marshal at chinon . ( at the word ' chinon , ' cut from eleanor , close up to -) int . henry's room ( henry close up . he be asleep in bed . the camera draw back and we see alais next to he . she be awake , motionless . she have not sleep . we keep on draw back , take in - ( henry be room . bare , cold , undecorate . chair , chest , table - all heavy wood and crude - tapestry . clothes be hang in the open from a pole that run along the wall . ) ext . castle courtyard and bell tower ( we continue draw back , move through a window to the outside . we take in the castle at chinon bit by bit . first the tower we have just leave , then the courtyard , then other building , then the outer wall , then the surround countryside and the broad River vienne beyond the castle . ( it be just before dawn . there be no sound . nothing move . it be cold . the field be rimmed with frost . everything look black and white . ( suddenly , the first ray of the rise sun hit the top of the high tower . cut to -) ( the bell in the chapel tower , close up , just as its clapper come crash down . the sound be deafen . cut to - int . henry's bedroom ( henry as he eye fly open . the bell continue toll as henry , burst with energy , sit bolt upright in bed , throw the cover off and bound up . it be the universal custom of the time to sleep naked and there be a glimpse of body as o qo 19 20 continue henry throw a great fur-line over he shoulder and alais retrieve the blanket and cover herself . it be cold in the room . we can see they breath . cut to - ( henry seat on the bed , tug heavy woolen tight on . cut to - ( alais , sit up now , blanket clutch around she , look at he . she hesitates . then -) alais Henry , what if , just for once , I do not do as I be tell . ( cut to henry . half dress , he stand by a table . there be a wash bowl full of water on it , a thin film of ice on the water ) henry ( as he break the ice , splashes water on he face ) it 's go to be a jungle of a day . if I start growl now , I will never last . { cut to alais on the bed , robe over she shoulder , start to dress ) alais you will last . you be like the rock at stonehenge . nothing knock you down . henry ( drying he face with a towel ) in this room , alais , on this Christmas , I have all the enemy I need . alais you have more than you think . henry be you one ? have my willow turn to poison oak ? alais if I decide to be trouble , Henry , how much trouble could I be ? henry not much . int . corridor ( cut to henry & alais , dress now , move down a corridor . they pass a occasional servant who 20 20x1 10 continue stop and bow . we follow they as henry stride briskly along , alais half -run to keep up ) alais I could give away you plan . henry you do not know what they be . alais I know you want to disinherit Richard . henry so do Eleanor . she know young Henry 's dead . the Young King die in summer and I have not name a heir . she know I want John on the throne and I know she want Richard . we be very frank about it . int . parlour ( cut to henry & alais at a table eat breakfast . they eat , as be the custom , with spoon and finger from a common bowl that sit on the table between they ) alais Henry , I can not be you mistress if I be marry to you son . henry why can not you ? johnny would not mind . alais I do not like you johnny . henry he 's a good boy . ; alais | he 's get pimple and he smell of compost . henry he 's just sixteen ; he can not help the pimple . alais he could bathe . o 21 11 int . corridor ( cut to henry stride briskly down a corridor , alais hurry after he . the corridor be more crowded now . there be knight and high clergymen who , as henry pass , stop and bow . henry ignore it all , stride on until - ( he reach a niche in the corridor . he stop abruptly , turn on alais ) henry it be not such a dreadful thing to be a Queen of England . not all eye will weep for you . alais will yours ? henry I do not know . very likely . alais all I want be not to lose you . can not you hide I ? can not I simply disappear . henry you know you can not . you little brother Philip 's King of France now and he want you wedding or you dowry back . I only take you for you dowry . you be seven ; two big knee and two big eye and that 's all . how be I to know ? ( we pull back as henry move to kiss she lightly . there be a sound of run down the corridor . it 's JOHN . he slow down as he see he father and fiancee kissing . he do not like it . ( sense someone . henry turn , take JOHN in ) henry what 's wrong , lad ? JOHN ( produce a smile ) nothing . ( with a skip and a wave , JOHN resume run down the corridor . we follow he as he turn a corner , reach a great high door , tug it open , slip through and start racing down a broad exterior flight of step into the castle yard . alais ( Calling , move , excited and happy ) '' og 23 24 12 ext . courtyard ( we see the yard from john' Pov . geoffrey , on horseback , be riding toward we . he wave back . the yard be a mob scene , cramme with soldier , servant , peasant , tent , outdoor kitchen , livestock , poultry , horse , the lot . the soldier be line up for morning chow . ( JOHN thread he way through it all , reach geoffrey as he dismount ) geoffrey ( as they hug each other roughly ) johnny . JOHN ( a large bundle hang from geoffrey be saddle . point to it ) be that for I ? ( geoffrey nod ) I love Christmas . int . parlour ( cut to a enormous Christmas tree , close up , as it be be raise to stand position . ( pull back to see henry nodd at the tree in brisk approval . alais stand near he , want to speak but hesitant . we be in the parlor , a fairly spacious place which function as a kind of family room . there be the usual tapestry , some furniture , a desk and scattered about , pile of holly bough . ( henry turn to leave the room . alais stop he , say " alais what difference do my dowry make ? let Philip have it back . it be not much . henry I can not . the vexin be a little country but it 's vital to I . alais and I be not . henry ' it 's be my luck to fall in love with land woman . when I marry I think : " you lucky man . the richest woman in the world . she own the aquitaine , the great province on the continent -- and beautiful as well . " she be , you know . a | NY for *. 13 continue alais and you adore she . henry memory fail . there may have be a era when I do . ( as he arrange a loose lock of she hair ) let 's have one strand askew ; nothing in life have nay business perfect . if I say you and I be do , we be do . if I say marry John , it 's John . I will have you by I and I will use you as I like . , ext . courtyard ( cut to JOHN and geoffrey in the courtyard . there be a great clatter of horse 's hoof behind they . they stop and turn . cut to - ( richard arrive in the yard at full gallop . he rein in with great bravado and leap from he horse . cut to - ( geoffrey start toward richard with a friendly wave of greeting . JOHN , glaring sullenly at richard , hang back , then follow geoffrey . cut to - ( richard , JOHN & geoffrey crossing the courtyard toward the stable . richard lead he horse ) geoffrey ah , Christmas ; warm and rosy time . the hot wine steam , the yule it roar and we be the fat that 's in the fire . she will be here soon , you know . JOHN who ? richard mother . geoffrey do she still want you to be king ? richard we be not as friendly as we be . JOHN if I be suppose to make a fuss and kiss she hairy cheek , I will not . continue richard what you kiss , little prince , be up to you . JOHN I be Father 's favorite ; that 's what count . richard ( stop , look down at JOHN , with quiet , total conviction ) you hardly know I , johnny , so I beg you to believe my reputation . I be a constant soldier and a sometime poet and I will be King . JOHN just you remember : Father love I best . int . parlour ( cut to henry & alais . he be seat at a desk , busily go through state papers ) alais why John ? John do not care for you at all . henry we love each other deeply . alais none of they have any love for you . henry because we fight ? tell I they all three want the crown , I will tell you it 's a feeble prince that do not . they may snap at I and plot and that make they the kind of son I want . I have snap and plotted all my life . there be no other way to be a King , alive and fifty all alone . alais : I be go to fight for you . for ' henry oh , fine . ext . battlement i ( cut to the walk that run along the top of the castle wall . henry be pace impatiently , repeatedly look out in expectation toward the River vienne that run quite near , below they . alais , with great determination be say -) 27 15 continue alais when I be sixteen and we start this deprave relationship , I leave everything to you . I lap sit , drank my milk and do what I be tell . not any more . you cherub 's twenty - three now and she 's go to fight . henry with mace and chain ? alais with anything that I can think of . henry that 's exactly what I need another mind at work . try : you can hear the think through the wall . there 's geoffrey 's hum , and Richard 's roar , and Eleanor , she 's always wrap in heavy thought , like molten lead and marble slab . my house be full of intellectual activity . alais add mine . henry ( go to she , gruff but tender ) alais , alais -- I do not plan to give you up . I do not plan to give you anything . i'11 make alliance and bargain , threaten , beg , break head and heart and when I be do , I will make a heir of John , a petty prince of Richard and I '11l still have you . alais when can I believe you , Henry ? henry always ; even when I lie . alais but with so many enemy -- henry I know -- and some of they be brighter folk that I or crueler or more ruthless or dishonest . but not all roll in one . the priest write all the history this day and they will do I justice . Henry , they will say , be a master bastard . ( point excitedly down toward the river ) look . 27xx1 28 29 30 29x1 30x1 ext . ext . ext . ext . ext . 16 castle and river boat and jetty ( cut to a boat as it round a bend in the river near the castle ) ( cut to eleanor on the desk of the boat . marshal stand near she , the one - armed guard on duty , stand stiffly in the background . Eleanor 's two Maids -in-wait stand near he . ) courtyard ( cut to . henry , close up , as he hurry down stone castle step . his face be light with a sense of eagerness and anticipation that have nothing to do with affection . boat and river ( cut to eleanor on the deck . the boat be near the dock now . her face be alive with suppress excitement . she pat she hair , find it in order , anxiously tug at she clothes . courtyard ( cut to henry stride through the turmoil of the castle yard . Far behind he , alais hurry after ) castle river , boat and jetty ( cut to sailor catch rope , moor the boat to the dock . ( cut to henry plunging through the mud and debris along the dock . ( cut to eleanor , very regal and formal , at the top of the gangplank . we draw back , see henry station at the bottom . with stately movement , eleanor come down the plank . henry stand wait as , reach he , she bow and kiss he hand . henry how be you crossing ? do the Channel part for you ? eleanor it go flat when I tell it to . I do not think to ask for more . how dear of you to let I out of jail . henry it 's only for the holiday . I o 17 30x1 continue 31 32 33 eleanor like school . you keep I young . ( they turn , start up the dock toward the castle . she see alais ) eleanor here 's gentle alais . ( alais start to curtsy ) no , no ; greet I as you use to . ( she take alais into she arm , hold she lightly . fragile I be not ; affection be a pressure I can bear . ( as she release alais , she look up toward the castle . ) ext . castle ( cut to the castle from eleanor's Pov . JOHN , - richard & geoffrey be stand there , by the Main Gate . ( cut to eleanor . please and proud ) oh , but I do have handsome child . int . parlour ( cut to eleanor , close up , as she buss JOHN on the cheek . we pull back and see that they be in the parlour . eleanor John -- you be so clean and neat . Henry take good care of you . ( she move to richard , kiss he lightly ) and Richard . do not look sullen , dear . it make you eye go small and piggy and you chin look weak . be Philip here yet ? geoffrey no. eleanor let 's hope he 's grow up like he father -- simon pure and simon simple . good , good Louis ; if I would manage son for he instead of all that little girl , I would still be Queen of France and we should not have know each other . such , my angel , be the role of sex in history . 33 continue oq ( great flourish on horn and trumpet be hear from the castle yard ) eleanor that will be Philip . ( she ' turn and start toward the door ) 34 int . corridor and broad hall ( cut to a broad hallway by a large close door . eleanor be just reach the door , richard , JOHN & geoffrey strung out behind she ) eleanor ( look about expectantly ) where 's Henry ? richard upstair with the family whore . eleanor that be a mean and tawdry way to talk about you fiancee . JOHN oq my fiancee . eleanor whoever fiancee , I bring she up and she be dear to I and gentle . richard he still plan to make John king . eleanor of course he do . my , what a greedy little trinity you be : king , king , king . two of you must learn to live with disappointment . ( cut to henry as he stride toward they ) henry ah , but which two ? eleanor let 's deny they all and live forever . ! henry tusk to tusk through all eternity . ! | | i | 34 35 19 continue ( two servant approach bear a crown and a great formal cloak . briskly , to he boy , as he shrug into the cloak and slap the crown on ) henry ( cont ) the King of France and I will shortly have a tactile conversa - tion like two surgeon look for a lump . we will state position and I will make the first of many offer . he will refuse it , naturally , I will make a better one and so on through the holiday until I win . for the duration of this joyous ritual , you will give , to you father , you support . ( with which he wheel toward the door . the two servant throw it open and henry , the other follow , stride toward into the courtyard . ext . courtyard ( cut to the courtyard from they Pov . we see a very grand and formal state occasion . nobles & clergymen stand in formal rank along the broad descend step . all the commonfolk have line up , as commonfolk always do , along the edge of a broad aisle . soldier at attention , line the aisle . ( down the aisle march a gorgeous , stately retinue of knight & soldier . at they head be Philip , King of France . ( philip capet be 18 year old and absolutely gorgeous . he be tall , well - proportion and handsome without be at all pretty . his manner be open , direct , simple and strikingly authoritative . he have be King of France for three year and have learn a lot . ( philip mount the step , stand before henry ) henry ( as they greet each other ) my lord . philip you grace . henry welcome to chinon . ( more horn and trumpets as henry turn and bow through the doorway . as the procession move into the castle , we cut to -) 36 20 int . parlour ( the door of the parlor , see from inside the room . the door open , henry again bow philip through , then henry and eleanor follow . there be a general change of manner , from formal to informal as richard , geoffrey , JOHN & alais follow into the room ) henry ( take off a formal robe , feel more comfortable ) well , that 's better . eleanor ( to philip ) I be tell you be impressive for a boy of eighteen . I be Eleanor , who might have be you mother . all the other here you know . philip ( bow ) Queen Eleanor . henry ( informal , settling himself comfortably in a chair ) I gather you be disturb about you sister and she dowry . philip ( stand before he , stiff and formal ) sixteen year ago , you make a treaty with we . it be time its term be execute . the scene , through most of the follow exchange between Philip and Henry , be a domestic one . alais pass along they with a tray of drink and hor d'oeuvre . eleanor settles comfortable , take some needlework from a bag and work on it . JOHN busy himself decking the hall with bough of holly . geoffrey , find the hor d'oeuvre delicious , settles by a table that hold a assortment of they . only richard fail to relax . he stand apart from all of they , suspicious and hostile ) henry I should think so . philip we position come to this : that you either hold the marriage or return the vexin . alais marries Richard or we will have the county back at once . omega fi 36 21 continue henry that 's clear , concise and well present . my position be -- well , frankly Philip , it 's a tangle . ( as he rise and move to richard , all affability ) two year ago , the Queen and I , for reason pass under - stand , give the aquitaine to Richard . that make Richard very powerful . how can I give he alais , too ? the man she marries have you for a ally . philip it 's they wedding or the vexin back . that be the term you make with Louis . henry ( move to philip . just the two of they now ) true but academic , lad . the vexin 's mine . philip by what authority ? henry it 's get my troops all over it : that make it mine . now hear I , boy -- philip I be a king : I be no man 's boy . henry . a king ? because you put you ass on purple cushion ? philip Sir . ( he turn on he heel , start for the door ) ( cut to henry & eleanor as they exchange amused glance ) henry Philip , you have not get the feel of this at all . use all you voice . when I bellow , bellow back . philip I will mark that down . 36 22 continue henry ( move close to philip ) this , too . we be the world in small . a nation be a human thing . it do what we do , for we reason . surely , if we be civilized , it must be possible to put the knife away . we can make peace . we have it in we hand . philip I have tutor of my own . will that be all ? henry oh , think . you come here for a reason . do not you want to ask I if I have get a offer ? philip have you get a offer ? henry not yet -- but I will think of one . ( philip be half out the door . Voice over ) oh , by the way ... ( philip turn . cut to henry , smile agreeably ) you be better at this than I think you would be . ( cut to philip smile agreeably back ) philip I be not sure you would notice . ( cut to henry as philip go . henry turn , take in he family . ( cut to henry's Pov . we see JOHN with holly , eleanor with she needle , geoffrey lick he finger , alais serve more wine and richard glower . ( cut to henry as he make a friendly , expansive gesture ) henry well -- what shall be hang : the holly or each other ? richard ( move into the picture ) would you say , Father , that I have the making of a King ? i : : 36 23 continue henry a splendid King . richard would you expect I , Father , to give up without a fight ? henry o£ course you will fight . I raise you to . richard I do not care what you offer Philip . I do not care what plan you make . I will have the aquitaine and alais and the crown . I will not give up one to get the other . I will not trade off alais or the aquitaine to this - ( he gesture toward JOHN . cut to JOHN . voice over ) -- this walk pustule . ( cut from JOHN be outrage back to richard ) no , you loving son will not . ( as he turn to go , cut to JOHN who rush up to henry ) JOHN do you hear what he call I ? eleanor clearly , dear . now run along . it 's nearly dinnertime . JOHN I only do what Father tell I . henry go and eat . JOHN do I say something wrong ? I be always say something wrong . henry do not pout . o 36 24 continue JOHN ( pout ) I be not . henry ( give he a slap on the butt ) and stand up straight . how often do I have to tell you ? ( JOHN scurries toward the door . cut to - ( henry , the exasperate parent . cut to - ( eleanor , gaze with amusement at henry ) eleanor and that 's to be the king . geoffrey and I be to be he chancellor . have he tell you ? John will rule there while I run it . that 's to say , he get to spend the tax that I get to he . eleanor how nice for you . geoffrey it 's not as nice as be king . henry we have make you Duke of Brittany . be that so little ? geoffrey no one ever think of crown and mention geoff . what be that ? henry be not be chancellor power enough ? geoffrey it be not power that I feel deprive of ; it 's the mention that I miss . there 's no affection for I here . you would not think I would want that , would you ? ( he be go as he say this . cut to eleanor bleakly watch he go . ' eleanor Henry , I have a confession . henry ( Voice over ) yes ? 36 continue eleanor I do not much like we child . ( rising , move toward alais ) only you . the child I raise but do not bear . alais you never care for I . eleanor I do and do . believe I , Henry 's bed be Henry 's province . he can people it with sheep for all I care . which , on occasion , he have do . ( cut to henry . the subject of rosamund be clearly a raw nerve ) henry still that ? when rosamund 's be dead for seven year . ( cut back to eleanor & alais ) eleanor he find miss clifford in the mist of Wale and bring she home for closer observation . like what he see , he scrutinize she many year . he love she deeply and she he . and yet , my dear , when Henry have to choose between he lady and my land ... alais there be no sport in hurt I . it be so easy . eleanor after all the year of love and care , do you think I could bring myself to hurt you ? alais Eleanor , with both hand tie behind you . ( as she turn to go , cut to henry . his concern for alais be clearly on he face . cut to - ( eleanor gaze fondly and sadly after she . cut back to - ( henry as he adjust he expression for eleanor 's henry if I would choose , who could I have pick to love to gall you more ? 36 26 continue eleanor ( smiling up at he ) there 's no one . come on ; let 's finish christmass the place . ( she move to a pile of ornament on a table by the Christmas tree . through the follow , like any moin and they decorate the tree . much care be devote to place the proper ornament just so , glance at each other for reaction to the decorate , shake and nod of head . henry time have not do a thing but wrinkle you . eleanor it have not even do that . I have borne six girl , five boy and thirty - one connubial year of you . how be I possible ? henry there be moment when I miss you . eleanor ( they pause , smile fondly at each other . then , reach out and tousle he hair ) that 's my woolly sheep dog . so wee johnny get the crown . henry I have hear it rumor but I do not believe it . eleanor lose alais will be hard , for you do love she . henry it 's a old man 's last attachment ; nothing more . how hard do you find live in you castle ? eleanor it be difficult in the beginning but that 's past . I find I have see the world enough . henry I will never let you loose . you lead too many civil war against I . eleanor and I damn near win the last one . still , as long as I get trotted out for Christmas court and state occasion now and then , for I do like to see you , it 's enough . ( she step back , survey the tree ) I think that 's all the christmass this thing can stand . I be famish . let 's go in to dinner . o 36 37 27 continue henry ( extend he arm ) Arm in arm . eleanor and hand in hand . ( she take he arm . they start out of the room ) you be still a marvel of a man . henry and you be my lady . ( they move arm in arm to the door . his hand on the knob , henry pause , turn ) it 's a odd thing , Eleanor . I have fight and bargain all this year as the only thing I live for be what happen after I be dead . I have something else to live for now . I have blunder on to peace . eleanor ( wry amusement on she face ) on Christmas Eve . henry since Louis die , while Philip grow , I have have no France to fight . and in lull , I have find how good it be to write a law or make a tax more fair or in judgment to decide which peasant get a cow . there be , I tell you , nothing more important in the world . and now the french boy 's big enough and I be sick of war . int . corridor and broad hall ( he open the door , move into the corridor . she follow . we go with they down the hallway . it be dimly light by smoky wall torch . the corridor be empty except for occasional quietly prowling dog . castle at the time be full of dog and throughout the film , the animal be everywhere ) eleanor do you still need the vexin , Henry ? henry it 's as crucial as it ever be . my troops there be a day away from Paris , just a march of twenty mile . I must keep it . eleanor Henry , dear , if alais do not marry Richard , I will see you lose the vexin . 37 38 continue ( they stop outside a large double door ) henry well , I think you would never say it . eleanor I can do it . henry you can try . ( a servant appear , move to the door ) we have get a pack of baron we should look the loving couple for . eleanor ( smile a terrible smile at he ) can you read love in that ? henry and permanent affection . ( the door be open . they start forward . cut to - int . great hall ( the castle 's great Hall from they pov . it be a enormous high ceiling , stone wall room . Long trestle table along the length of it . nobles & clergymen sit on bench at the table . court musician & entertainer be poise on a platform at one side . servant stand forward at serve table pile high with food . the royal table be at the far end of the hall on a platform . philip , richard , geoffrey , JOHN & alais be there . ( the hall be heat by a huge fire that blaze on the stone in the center of the room . some of the smoke rise to escape from a hole in the ceiling . torch be everywhere . the smoke be terrible . there be much howling from a multitude of dog . ( as henry . & eleanor more into the hall , the orchestra play a fanfare and everybody rise . eleanor ( as she and henry make they stately way down the long hall to they table . nodding to this noble , smile at that . my Richard be the next king , not you John . I know you , Henry . I know every twist and bend you have get and I will be wait round each corner to - 38 29 continue henry do you truly care who 's king ? eleanor I care because you care so much . henry do not fight I , Eleanor . eleanor what would you have I do ? give out , give up , give in ? henry give I a little peace . eleanor a little ? why so modest ? how about eternal peace ? now there 's a think . henry if you oppose I , I will strike you any way I can . ( they have reach they table . they eye be lock ; henry's cold with warning , eleanor be bright with defiance . ( the pose break and they sit . servant appear by each of they with bowl of water and towel . they start to wash they hand . then - ) eleanor ( she lean toward henry . they be close enough to kiss ) Henry ? henry madam ? eleanor do you ever love I ? henry no . eleanor good . that will make this pleasanter . ( she sit back , wipe she hand . we draw away from she take in more and more of the hall until we see all of it - the bustle and smoke , the howling and shouting , the music and carol . 38 39 30 continue ( this point of punctuation in the story . all open position have be take , all challenge make . it should be the first slow fade in the filn . int . eleanor's room ( we see a Christmas package on a table . hand be tie a ribbon around it . we pull back to see eleanor seat at a table in she room . behind she be a door . it open . richard step through . behind he in the corridor , the one - armed guard close the door . richard stay by the doorway , look at he mother . she be aware that he 's there but go on wrapping the package . richard move from the doorway toward she , say richard all right , I have come . I be here . what be it you want ? eleanor just to talk . we have not be alone , the two of we in -- how long be a lamb ? two year ? you look fit . War agree with you . I keep inform . I follow all you slaughter from a distance . do sit down . richard be this a audience , a good night hug with kiss or a ambush ? eleanor let we hope it 's a reunion . must you look so stern ? I send for you to say I want you love again but I can not say it toa face like that . richard my love , of all thing . what would you want it for ? eleanor why , for itself . what other purpose could I have ? richard if I be you , I would try another tack . I have no damned up flood of passion for you . there 's no chance I will overflow . eleanor you be a dull boy . dull as plainsong : la , la , la , forever on one note . I give the Church up out of boredom . I can do as much for you . richard . you will never give I up - not while I hold the aquitaine . 39 Le continue eleanor you think I be motivate by a love of real estate . richard I think you want it back . you be so deceitful you can not ask for water while you be thirsty . we could tangle spider in the web you weave . eleanor if I be so devious , why do not you go ? do not stand there quivering in limbo . Love I , little lamb , or leave I . richard ( not move ) leave you , madam ? with pure joy . eleanor departure be a simple act . you put the leave foot down and then the right . ( JOHN run into the room , excited in high spirit . geoffrey follow he ) JOHN mother -- eleanor hush , dear . mother 's fight . JOHN Father 's finish work out the treaty term . eleanor ( get to she foot ) how nice . where be you father ? ext . courtyard ( cut to henry . he be outside in a corner of the courtyard , busy distribute Christmas largesse to the deserve poor . alais be with he . a servant follow they along , pull a car fill with roast geese , pastry and such . ( they be in front of a row of wooden hovel that line the stone castle wall . gardener , poultry keeper , smith and armorer live in this hut . we see they receive goody with bow and smile . ( it be late afternoon and cold . the shadow be sharp and clear . activity in the yard , when we see it , be slight . soldier & peasant be settling down by tiny fire , eat and drink . from CO 40 32 continue across the yard come the sound of caroler carol ) eleanor ( Voice over ) there you be . ( henry & alais turn . cut to - ( eleanor from henry's Pov . wearing a heavy robe , she be crossing the yard toward they . richard , JOHN & geoffrey come along behind she . ) eleanor ( cont ) well -- have you put the term to Philip ? henry not yet , but we be shortly granting he a audience . I hope you will all attend . eleanor be we to know the term or would you rather tease we ? henry ( he stop hand out food , move away from the hut and people toward a area where livestock be keep ) not at all . the term be this : richard what be you give up to Philip ? what of mine ? JOHN whatever you have get go to I . geoffrey and what 's the nothing geoffrey get ? henry | for God 's sake , boy , you can not all three be king . richard all three of we can try . henry that 's pointless now . I want you to succeed I , Richard . alais and the crown : I give you both . richard I have get no sense of humor . if I do , I would laugh . henry I mean to do it . 3 40 continue JOHN what about I ? I be you favorite , I be the one you love . henry John , I can not help myself . ( he take JOHN , move he next to richard . JOHN scowl up , richard glower down ) henry ( cont ) could you keep anything I give you ? could you beat he on the field ? JOHN ( scurry to he father ) you could . henry but John , I will not be there . I be lose , too . all of my dream for you be lose . JOHN you have lead I on . henry I never mean to . JOHN ( the tear start to come ) you be a failure as a father , you know that ? henry I be sorry , John . JOHN ( he sink down to the freeze ground , a sorry little heap . Pigs peer at he curiously from the enclosure just behind he ) not yet you be not . but I will do something terrible and you will be sorry then . ( cut to eleanor ) eleanor do you rehearse all this or be you improvise ? henry good God , woman , face the fact . eleanor which one ? we have get so many . 40 34 continue henry power be the only fact . how can I keep he from the crown ? he 's only take it if I do not give it to he . ( he turn to richard , glower ) richard no - you would make I fight to get it . I know you . you would never give I everything - henry true ; and I have not . you get alais and you get the kingdom but I get the one thing I want most . if you be King , England stay intact . I get that . it 's all yours now -- the girl , the crown , the whole black bloody business . be not that enough ? ( henry turn and storm away across the courtyard . the carol resume . ( the little group stand by the pig sty , watch henry go . no one move until -) alais I do not know who 's to be congratulate . not I , certainly . ( she look at they , eye bright with anger ) king , queen , knight everywhere you look and I be the only pawn . I have not get a thing to lose . that make I dangerous . ( at the brink of tear , she turn and run away from they -- not after henry but in another direction ) eleanor ( voice over as we watch alais run ) poor child . ( cut to JOHN suffer at the pig sty ) JOHN poor John -- who say poor John ? do not everybody sob at once . my God , if I go up in flame , there 's not a live soul who would pee on I to put the fire out . ( cut to richard ) richard let 's strike a flint and see . JOHN ( get to he foot as we see the whole group ) he hate I . wo 40 continue eleanor for whatever I have do to you , forgive I . JOHN what could you have do ? you be never close enough . eleanor when you be little , you be tear from I : blame Henry . JOHN I be tear from you by midwive and I have not see you since . eleanor then blame I if it help . richard no , it 's the midwive ' fault . they throw the baby out and keep the afterbirth . JOHN ( softly , from the heart , the absolute truth ) you be everything a little brother dream of , you know that ? I use to dream about you all the time . eleanor ( arm open ) oh , johnny ... JOHN ( long to go to she ) that 's right , mother . mother I . eleanor yes , if you would let I . JOHN let you ? let you put you arm around I just the way you never do ? { they be close ) you can do it . think I be Richard . ( tenderly , she hold he . Close to break ) that 's it . that 's the way . now kiss my scabby cheek and run you finger through my hair . eleanor ( fill suddenly with love for the boy ) John , John ... JOHN ( it 's more than he can bear . wrenching away ) no --! ( Fighting back the tear ) I will show you , Eleanor . I have not lose yet . 40 continue ( he start to move off with dignity but can not keep it up . burst into tear , he break into a run . i ( eleanor , richard & geoffrey start move thoughtfully across the yard , past squatting figure , small group of soldier drink . dog bar . the wind blow ) geoffrey well , mummy , if you want I , here I be . eleanor John 's lose a chancellor , have he ? geoffrey and you have gain one . eleanor it be a bitter thing you mummy have to say . geoffrey she do not trust I . ( they stop by a stone well in the yard . geoffrey perches on it . richard , always wary , stand apart . in the distance , caroler appear , sing something jolly ) eleanor you must know Henry be not through with John . he will keep the vexin till the moon go blue from cold and as for Richard 's wedding day , we will see the second come first ; the needlework alone can last for year . geoffrey I know . you know I know , I know you know I know , we know that Henry know and Henry know we know it . we be a knowledgeable family . will Richard take I for he chancellor or will not he ? eleanor why be you drop John ? geoffrey he can not win -- but you can , with I to help you . I can handle John . he will swallow anything I tell he and I '1l take he by i the hand and walk he into the trap you set . | eleanor you be good , you be first class , geoff . you would sell John out to I or I to John or -- you can tell I -- have you find some CO way of sell everyone to everybody ? no 40 41 37 continue geoffrey not yet , mummy , but I be work on it . I do not care who 's King , but you and Henry do . I want to watch the two of you go picnick on one another . eleanor you be as dull as Richard . we can use you . I like use people I can count on . be we chancellor . geoffrey what ? and miss the fun of sell you ? ( he start off , turn back , spit it at she ) madam , may you rot . eleanor ( Close up , watch he go . a spasm of regret and loss cross she face ) oh , geoffrey . ( bleakly , as she start walk again , across the yard toward a low stone wall ) well , that 's how deal be make . we have get he if we want he . he will sell we all , you know , but only if he think we think he will not . why do I have to have such clever child ? ( they reach the wall , stop before a small wooden door . she open the door , move through and we see - ) ext . herb garden ( a small , cloistered herb garden . it be a perfectly beautiful place ; small formal bed of rich freeze earth , delicate arch and column along the wall , graceful stone bench . distant hill rise high and stark beyond the far wall . the sun , a perfect faint orange ball , float just above the hill - top . occasionally , scrap of carol come float to we . it be a set of great gentleness and peace . ( eleanor settles on a bench , look up at she son ) eleanor what 's the matter , Richard ? richard nothing . eleanor it 's a heavy thing , you nothing . when I write or send for you or speak or reach , you nothing come . like stone . 41 38 continue richard do not play a scene with I . eleanor I would not if I could . I be simpler than I use to be . I have , at one time , many appetite . I want poetry and power and the young man who create they both . I even want Henry , too , in that day . now , I have only one desire leave : to see you King . richard the only thing you want to see be Father 's vital on a bed of lettuce . you do not care who win as long as Henry lose . you would do anything . you be medea to the tooth but this be one son you will not use for vengeance on you husband . ( eleanor rise , move away from the vehemence of it . she move to the low wall , stand look out ) eleanor how my captivity have change you . Henry mean to hurt I and he 's hack you up instead . ( her hand rest on the top of the wall . they catch she eye . she raise the hand , look at it ) Men covete this talon once . Henry be eighteen when we meet and I be Queen of France . ( the camera rise , higher and higher . as she go on speak , we see the two of they in the lovely freeze garden from high above . ( then shifting slowly , we begin to see the country - [ side beyond the wall . there be little scattered ; house , small farm , neat field . here , a horse E move down a black dirt path , draw a wagon ; there a group of young people -- child and adolescent -- be skate on a freeze pond . ( we move closer to the young people , near enough to . see how happy , young and beautiful they be . I through all this -) eleanor ( cont ) he come down from the North to Paris with a mind like aristotle 's and a form like mortal sin . we shattered the commandment on the spot . I spend three month annull Louis and in spring , in May not far from here , we marry . Young Count Henry and he countess . but in three year ' time , I be he Queen and he be King of England . done at twenty - one . five year you junior , General . richard ( we see they both ) I can count . 4l 39 continue eleanor not doubt the picture of you parent be fond do not hang in you gallery , but we be fond . there be no Thomas becket then , or rosamund . no rival - ( cut to eleanor , close up ) - only I . and then Young Henry come and you and all the other blossom in my garden . ( look straight at he . we see they both ) yes , if I would be sterile darling , I would be happier today . richard be that design to hurt I ? eleanor what a waste . I have fight with Henry over who come next , whose dawn it be and which son get the sunset and we will never live to see it . look at you . I love you more than Henry and it 's cost I everything . richard what do you want ? eleanor I want we back the way we be . richard that 's not it . eleanor all right , then . I want the aquitaine . richard now that 's the mother I remember . eleanor we can win . I can get you alais . I can make the marriage happen - but I have get to have the aquitaine to do it . I must have it back . richard it 's mine . I will never give it up . eleanor I will write my will . " to Richard , everything . " would you believe I then ? ( she start to go ) where 's paper ? 41 of o continue richard Paper burn . . eleanor and tear and turn to pudding in the rain . what can I do ? ( he glare at she ) I love you . richard you love nothing . you be incomplete . the human part of you be miss . you be as dead as you be deadly . ( the pain on she face be real and deep ) you be lovely once . I have see the picture . eleanor oh , do not you remember how you love I ? we be always hand in hand . ( she thrust she hand in he ) that 's how it feel . richard as coarse and hot as that . ( she snatch she hand away and bare she forearm . a small knife be suddenly in she other hand ) eleanor this will not burn . I will scratch a will on this . to Richard ; everything . ( she draw the knife across the flesh . we see the blood ) richard mother . ( her arm be open . he come into they ) eleanor ( softly , as they hold each other ) mother . eleanor see ? you do remember . 41 42 43 4l continue ( we draw back from they . we see the garden and the hill beyond . the sun touch the scene with the last warmth of the day and dip behind the hill ) I teach you dance , too , and language and all the music that I know and how to love what 's beautiful . the sun be warmer then and we be every day together . ( they stand in silhouette . we hear a wisp of carol and the blow of the wind . fade out . ( cut in , sharp , loud and bright , on henry in close up . he be roaring with laughter . we hear other voice laugh ) int . great hall ( we be in the great Hall . the dining table have be remove and the bench rearrange . seat on they be the nobles & cleric . they be watch - ( a pantomime . two actor -- a lecherous old man and a delicious servant girl -- be do a bawdy love scene . he lust for she . pretend to resist she egg he on . with a great heave , he tear open the bosom of she dress . about to dive in , he turn . they freeze . we see the wife . she be a vast old battleaxe . she hold a vast old battleaxe . she raise it . cut back to henry who - ( gesture toward william marshal who stand a few pace behind he , say - ) henry William . ( marshal move to he ) tell the french King I will receive he in the parlor . marshal yes , my lord . henry in half a hour . int . chess room ( cut to philip . he be seat at a table , play chess ) philip half a hour . good . 43 46 o 42 continue ( we pull back to see geoffrey seat at the table with he . they be in a small , quiet chamber by a open fire . marshal bow and go ) geoffrey ( he make a move , then say in the most conversational way ) of course , you know there 's not a word of truth to Henry 's 's term . philip if that 's a warning , thank you . geoffrey what if it 's a offer ? philip '' what if " be a game for scholar : what if angel sit on pinhead . geoffrey what if I be King ? philip it 's you game , geoff . you play it . o 44-45 CUT ( as geoffrey lean forward to speak , cut to -) int . john' bedroom ( JOHN in he bedroom . '' he sit hunch up on the end of he bed , drink from a bottle . the sound of a door open . he look up , glaring . ( cut to geoffrey briskly enter the room . as geoffrey hurry toward he , JOHN say --) JOHN where be you when I need you ? geoffrey ( hurrying up to he ) you be angry . good . now , here 's my plan . JOHN I be ruin . I have lose everything . geoffrey we have get to make a deal with Philip . o 46 43 continue JOHN we do ? ( geoffrey nod ) why ? geoffrey because you be out and Richard 's in . JOHN what kind of deal ? geoffrey a war . if we three join and fight now we can finish Richard off . JOHN you mean destroy he ? ( geoffrey nod ) and mother , too ? geoffrey and mother too . well , do we do it ? be it on ? JOHN I have get to think . geoffrey you have not time . we be extra prince now . you know where extra prince go ? JOHN ( Close up as he peril dawns on he ) down ? ( cut from JOHN be stricken face to - ( philip seat , as before , at the chess table ) philip well ? do John want a war or do not he ? ( we pull back as geoffrey step forward , protect JOHN ) geoffrey do you ? if John ask for you soldier , will he get they ? philip if John want a war , he 's get one . geoffrey John , you hear that ? _ 46 o 5 46x1 46x2 o 47 continue JOHN I be still think . geoffrey let I help . it 's either Richard on the throne or you . JOHN ( to philip ) you think we would win ? philip I know it . ( JOHN look at geoffrey , then back to philip , take a deep breath and resolutely extend he hand . as geoffrey & philip formally reach out for a three - way handshake , cut to -- int . great hall ( henry in the great Hall . the pantomime be still go on . henry rise , briskly start to go ) int . corridor ( cut to henry stride down a corridor . Far behind he , we see alais , half -run , try to catch up . cut to -) int . parlour ( the door to the parlor , from inside the room . it open and henry stride in , alais at he heel ) alais but Henry - henry ( stride straight across to he desk ) I would appreciate a little quiet confidence . I have enough nit pick at . alais but you have promise I to Richard . henry good God , you do not think I mean it . alais ( not a bit relieved . if anything , even angrier ) so that whole scene , all you say to John - en pe — wy continue henry you think I would ever give he up ? when I have mothere he and fathere he and baby he ? he 's all I have get . how often do you people have to hear it ? every supper ? should we start the soup with who we love and who we do not ? alais I think you like it , pass I from hand to hand . what be I to you , a collection plate ? or be I all you have get , like John ? henry ( he get up , start wander about the room . the Christmas decorate and tree complete . assorted package the tree . a merry fire burn it could not be more Christmas trimming have be be arrange under in the fireplace . Eve ) I have get to get the aquitaine for John . alais I talk people and you answer back in province . henry what 's the aquitaine to Eleanor ? it 's not that 's why she 's outside she will squeeze it out they get mix up . a province , it 's a way to torture I . woo Richard , wheeze on the coal . of he . God but I would love to eavesdrop . ( do a creditable imitation of eleanor ) I teach you prancing , lamb , and lute and flute - ( cut to the doorway . eleanor be there , a great pile of Christmas present in she arm . she can barely see over the top . she laugh delightedly as she weave into the room . eleanor it 's absolutely I . that 's marvelous . ( henry go to she , take some of the package ) I think as long as I be come down I would bring they . ( they move to the Christmas tree ) henry whatever be you give I ? eleanor you be such a child . you always ask . 47 46 continue henry ( reading from a package ) to Henry . ( he pick it up , weigh it ) heavy . ( delighted ) it 's my headstone . Eleanor , you spoil I . eleanor I never could deny you anything . ( she sit at the base of the tree , start arrange the box just so . across the room , alais start to leave ) henry do not go . it nettle she to see how much I need you . alais you need I , Henry , like a tailor need a tinker 's dam . ( cut from alais to henry's face . he be fond of the girl . cut back to - ( alais in the doorway ) alais I know that look . he 's go to say he love I . henry ( Voice over ) like my life . ( she be leave as we cut to - ( henry as he join eleanor on the floor by the tree ) henry ( cont ) . I talk like that to keep she spirit up . well , how would you do with Richard ? do you break he heart ? eleanor you think he ought to give I back the aquitaine ? henry I can not think why he should not . after all , I have promise he the throne . ( 47 47 continue eleanor the boy keep wonder if you promise be any good . henry there 's no sense ask if the air 's good when there 's nothing else to breathe . eleanor exactly what I tell he . henry have you get it ? will he give it back ? ( all lightness and movement stop . the card be down . they remain lock for a moment . then -) eleanor no aquitaine for John . henry I have get to give he something . be not some agreement possible ? ( she break the pose , rise to she foot . on top of the situation , enjoy herself ) eleanor Love , in a world where carpenter get resurrected , anything be possible . ( henry , angry , try to suppress it , rise , dust off . there be , as in all room , straw on the floor ) henry you bore he , dammit : he 's you son . eleanor oh , heaven yes . two hundred eighty day I bore he . I recall it all . you would only just find rosamund . henry why she so damn particularly ? I have find other woman . eleanor countless other . henry what 's you count ? let 's have a tally of the bedspread you have spread out on . ( cut to eleanor in close up ) 48 47 continue o eleanor i Thomas becket 's . i ( cut to henry in close up ) henry that 's a lie ! ( cut to eleanor , in close up ) eleanor I know it . ( cut from eleanor , delighted , to henry furious and back to eleanor . amuse and muse - ) you still care what I do . henry ( in a outburst of rage ) I want the aquitaine for John ! I want it and I will have it ! eleanor be that menace you be convey ? be it to be torture ? will S you boil I or stretch I , which ? or be I to be perforate ? ( henry storm to the desk , grab a pile of papers ) henry I have the-document and you will sign . eleanor how can you force I to ? threat ? sign or I refuse to feed you tear ? oh , sign before my heart go crack . bribe , offer , deal . ( they be on opposite side of the desk , lean across it toward each other ) I be like the earth , old man ; there be not any way around I . henry I adore you . eleanor save you aching arch . that road 's close . | ( they exchange look . henry break it by sit i at he desk , lean back , very much at ease ) 47 49 continue henry I have get a offer for you , mar jolie . eleanor a deal , a deal . I give the richest province on the continent to John for what . you tell I , mastermind . for what . ( henry , close up . relishing it ) henry you freedom . ( eleanor close up . she have just receive a terrible blow ) eleanor oh . ( henry move around the desk to she as he say ) henry once johnny have the aquitaine , you be free . I will let you out . think on the loose in London , winter in provence , impromptu trip to visit Richard anywhere he 's kill people . all that for a signature . eleanor you be good . ( she back away as he near she , stop with she to a charming creche light by flicker candle ) henry I think it might appeal to you . you always fancie travel . eleanor yes , I do . I even make poor Louis take I on crusade . how 's that for blasphemy ? I dress my maid as amazon and ride bare - breast half way to Damascus . Louis have a seizure and I damn near die of sun burn but the troops be dazzle . Henry , I be against the wall . ( cut to henry be face . there be no pleasure on it . ( cut back to eleanor ) to be a prisoner , to be brick in when you have know the world -- I will never know how I have survive . this ten year , Henry , have be unimaginable . and now you offer I the only thing I want if I give up the only thing I treasure . at 50 continue ( henry , sense victory , pick the papers up ) henry sign they and we will break the happy news . the Queen be free , John get the aquitaine and Richard marries alais . ( we look from face to face . will she give in or will not she ? ) eleanor yes . let 's have it do . I will sign . ( Delight flood henry be face . he bend over the desk fiddling with the papers as eleanor move to the desk chair and sit ) eleanor ( cont ) on one condition . henry name it . eleanor have the wedding now . ( cut to henry , absolutely flummox . then back to eleanor ) why , I have surprised you . surely it 's not sudden . they have be go down the aisle for sixteen year and that 's a long walk . John can be the best man -- that 's a laugh -~ and you can give the bride away . I would love to watch you do it . henry alais -- I can live without she . eleanor and I think you love she . henry so I do . eleanor thank God . you frighten I : I be afraid this would not hurt . ( henry wheel on she , livid . he be like a great cat , want to pounce , ready to explode into violence . she look at he with vast and calculate indifference and casually say - ) I wonder , do you ever wonder if I sleep with geoffrey ? ! i i | i j 47 iti 48 oo 51 continue henry with my father ? eleanor it 's not true but one hear rumor . do not you ever wonder ? ( cut back and forth between they on each succeed line . one of they be go to explode ) henry be it rich , despise I ? be it reward ? eleanor no -- it 's terrible . henry then stop it ! eleanor how ? it 's what I live for ! henry ( explode , hurl it at she ) rosamund , I love you ! ( eleanor be reaction be triumph . he be ready to strike she . instead , he storm toward the door , roaring - ) I will show you . by Christ , I will . I '1l do it . ( he throw open the door , bellow into the hallway ) where 's a priest ? somebody dig I up a priest . int . corridor ( servant be stand formally in the hallway . william marshal be among they . he hurry forward to henry ) you . bring I a bishop . ( eleanor appear in the doorway behind henry . she address marshal ) eleanor get old Durham . he 's just down the hall . ( as marshal bow , turn to go ) ask he to meet we in the chapel . 48 49 / 51 52 52 continue henry ( Roaring ) John ! Richard ! geoffrey ! ( he storm off down the hall . eleanor follow serenely after . servant scatter , run off to find the boy . int . corridor and stair ( we see quick cut of servant run . then brief shot of JOHN , philip , geoffrey , richard & alais as each turn sharply , startle . then short glimpsis of each of they racing along , tear upstairs , downstairs , through hall and corridor . int . broad hall ( cut to the central hallway . henry be pace , fidget and fume . eleanor , calm and compose , stand , watch he . henry turn abruptly as - ( one by one , richard , JOHN , geoffrey , philip & alais come hurry into the hall through various door . ( JOHN reach henry first . as he pull up in front of he father , breathless , skid toa stop - ) JOHN what 's wrong ? what 's happen ? eleanor Richard 's get marry . ( the camera move across all face as they absorb the startling news ) JOHN now ? he 's get marry now ? eleanor I never cease to marvel at the quickness of you mind . JOHN you can not hurt I , you bag of bile , no matter what you say . ( move to henry , supplicate ) but you can . Father , why ? 52 53 53 continue henry because I say so . ( marshal slip in through the large door ) marshal my lord , the bishop 's wait in the Chapel . ( henry dismiss he with a brusque gesture ) henry good . let 's get this over with . int . long corridor ( he stride forward , throw open a door that give into a corridor . ( in the hall , a formal procession have be form . eleanor have alais by the hand and be lead she to richard ) eleanor you will make a lovely bride . I wonder if I will cry . alais you sound as if you think it 's go to happen . eleanor and I do . ( everyone be in position . the group start forward through the door and down the corridor ) alais he 's only plotting . can not you tell when Henry 's plotting ? eleanor not this time . alais he will never give I up . henry you think I will not ? alais because you tell I so . henry you be not my helen . I will not fight a war to save a face . we be do . co 53 53x1 54 54 continue alais I do not believe you . henry wait ten minute . int . great hall ( they reach the great Hall door . henry throw it open . ( cut to inside the Hall as they enter . ) alais ( as they surge past the camera ) you do not want I , Richard . honestly , you do not . we be not right for each other . we marriage would not work . we be not in love , we would never be happy ... ( from high above , we zoom in on the chapel door . they stand before it ) not yet . - oh , please not yet . ext /int . chapel ( henry mount the step , throw open the chapel door . the chapel be exquisite , intimate . candle burn , shed soft warm light . the bishop of durham , a age , sweet - face man , stand wait on the altar in the distance . ( as the procession move into the foyer of the chapel , alais break rank , draw back . to henry as he move brusquely to she ) I will not do .it . I will not say the word , not one of they . ( henry all but drag she back toward the procession , casting a embarrassed - father look to durham on the altar . ( cut to durham who smile back with paternal understanding . ( cut to alais as henry position she in the procession ) alais ( cont ) Henry , please . it make no sense . why give I up ? what do you get ? what be you gain ? oc 54 continue henry ( with vast innocence as , rather like a bridal consultant , he check over the bridal party ) why , the aquitaine , of course . ( we take in they face . JOHN be puzzlement , geoffrey be amusement , eleanor be dismay , richard be dawn rage . richard move up the step to henry ) richard what 's that again ? henry you mother get she freedom and I get the aquitaine . ( to eleanor ) this be the proposition , be not it ? you do agree . richard of course she do , I know , I know it . it be all pretense . and I believe you . I believe it all . eleanor I mean it all . richard no wedding . there will be no wedding . ( henry throw durham a look of excruciate parental embarrassment as he draw richard aside and whisper ) henry but , my boy . look -- Durham 's wait . ( cut to durham beginning to look a bit puzzle by it all . ( cut back to richard & henry . richard be face be set and stony ) you have simply get to marry she . it be not much to ask . for my sake , Richard . richard never . henry ( so embarrassed and upset ) but I have promise Philip . think of my position . richard damn the wedding and to hell with you position . 54 56 continue henry you do not dare defy I . richard do not I ? ( henry throw a glance of badly - rattle desperation in durham be direction , then beckon philip forward ) henry you be the King of France , for goodness sake . speak up . do something . ( richard stride forward as philip approach ) richard make a threat , why do not you . scare I . philip dunce . richard be i? philip he never mean to have the wedding . henry come again ? philip you be good at rage . I like the way you play it . henry Boy , do not ever call a King a liar to he face . philip I be not a boy -- to you or anybody . henry Boy , you come here ask for a wedding or the vexin back . by God , you do not get either one . it 's no to both . she never marries , not while I be alive . philip you life and never be two different time . henry not on my clock , boy . 54 '' 57 continue ( philip , stiff with anger , turn and stride out of the Chapel . alais , weak with relief , lean against the door frame . henry be just turn to she when - ) richard listen to the lion . flash a yellow tooth and frighten I . henry do not spoil it , Richard . take it like a good sport . richard how 's you bad leg and you back and all the rest of it . you be get old . one day you will have I once too often . henry when ? I be fifty now . my God , boy , I be the oldest man I know . I have get a decade on the Pope . what 's it to be ? the broad - sword when I be eighty - five ? richard I be not a second son . not now . you Henry 's in the vault , you know . henry I know . I have see he there . richard I will have the crown . henry you will have what daddy give you . } richard I be next in line . i i henry i to nothing . i richard : then we will have the broadsword now . henry this minute ? richard on the battlefield . henry so we be at war . 58 continue richard yes , we be at war . I have two thousand man at Poitiers . henry can they hear you ? call and see who come . you be as close to Poitiers as you be go to get . richard you do not dare hold I prisoner . henry until we have all agree that John come next , I can and will . ( richard start to stalk away ) you be a king 's son so I treat you with respect . you have the freedom of the castle . richard ( with great bravura as he go ) the castle do not stand that hold I . Post you guard . ( eleanor , alais , henry , geoffrey & JOHN stand watch he go . cut to - ( JOHN , close up , as the miracle dawns ) JOHN my God , I be king again . fantastic . it 's a miracle . ( he turn to geoffrey ) be you happy for I , geoff ? geoffrey I be happy for we both . ( geoffrey throw a loving arm around JOHN be shoulder as they start out , past eleanor . we stay with eleanor ) eleanor I come close , do not I . ( she turn to alais who stand near she ) I almost have my freedom and I almost have you for my son . I should have like it , be free . ( she turn to henry . cut to he . seat comfortably in a pew , he give a apologetic shrug - and - sigh to durham ) ( cut to durham who , both bewilder and pleased to be dismiss , start to leave the altar ) 54 59 continue ( CUT back to eleanor ) you play it nicely . you be good . henry ( cut to Henry stretch , luxuriate , loving it ) I really be . I fool you , do not i. God , but I do love be King . ( cut to eleanor , alone ) eleanor well , Henry , hege and lord , what happen now ? ( cut to henry as he rise , move toward she ) henry I have no idea . I know I be win and I know I '1l win but what the next move be ... : ( he be shrugging as alais move into the picture ) alais I be so scared -- you must not play with feeling , Henry . not with mine . henry ( cupp she face in he hand ) it be not possible to lose you . I must hold you dearer than I think . ( cut to eleanor . in the doorway , she stop and turn ) eleanor one thing . henry ( Voice over ) yes ? eleanor May I watch you kiss she ? ( cut from she , close up , to henry close up ) henry can not you ever stop ? ( cut to eleanor , close up ) eleanor I watch you every night . I conjure it before I sleep . oo 54 55 60 continue ( henry , close up ) henry leave it at that . ( eleanor close up ) eleanor my curiosity be intellectual . I want to see how accurate I be . ( we see the three of they as henry open he arm to alais who stand close to he . eleanor be in the background , frame in the doorway ) henry forget the dragon in the doorway : come . ( alais move into he arm ) believe I love you , for I do . believe I be yours forever , for I be . believe in my contentment and the joy you give I and believe -- ( henry close up as he break , turn toward eleanor ) you want more ? ( cut to eleanor , close up , eye burn at he . ( cut to henry , stare back at she . then he turn to alais and we see the three of they again ) henry ( cont ) I be a old man in a empty place . be with I . ( she raise she lip to he . they kiss tenderly at first , then passionately . the camera move across they face , eleanor always in the background . ( the sound of carol grow louder as we begin move closer to eleanor be face . she watch and she wait . the picture slowly face to black as the camera move from she face and out and up into cloudless , magnificent sky . ) ext . courtyard and battlement ( from black , we come up with a jolt on richard . sword in he hand , he be racing crouch and silent across a shadow empty section of courtyard . i | i i ro ) 55 56 57 58 continue ( in the best erroll Flynn tradition , he effort - lessly vault one low wall , then another . then , without pause , he gather himself and vault a final barricade . ( cut to richard from below . the final barricade be a good twenty foot above we . we see richard sailing down . ( cut to richard , landing cat-like on he foot . he look up . ( cut to two soldier , sword draw , stand at the ready . from a distance , we hear a high pitch deliriously happy giggle . ( cut to richard . he look up . ) ( cut to JOHN , high on the top of a wall , look down . he wave a friendly wave . ) ( cut to richard glaring up at he with loathing . ( cut to a stout vine grow up a castle wall . hand appear at the bottom of the picture . swiftly , richard appear , make he apparently effortless way up the sheer wall . richard pause a moment , look down . ( cut to the ground from richard's Pov . it be a long way down . ( cut to the top of the wall . it be a long way up . ( cut to richard climb again . almost at once , he reach the top of the wall , swing himself up . he look about . the camera draw back to show he high on the. top of the tower Gate House that guard the entrance to the castle yard . ( he move to the front edge of the tower roof . there be vine on the outside . he look further . still none . seemingly hesitate , he move fearlessly over the edge . hand and foot find tiny crevass in the rough-hewn stone , he start down . ( cut to richard further down the wall . he look up . ( cut to the top of the tower from richard's Pov . he have come a long way . 62 58 continue o ( cut to richard look down . he look away , be about to start climb again , frown , look down a second time . ) 59 ( cut to the base of the tower from richard's Pov . it 's a long drop . something move in the shadow . ( Zoom down to JOHN & several soldier , sword draw stand on the drawbridge look up at richard . JOHN , hand over he mouth , be try not to giggle . the urge be too great . peal of delighted laughter burst out of he . ) 60 ( cut to richard , white with rage . he take the dagger from he belt , take careful aim and throw it . ) 61 ( cut to JOHN , laughter die in he throat . he be look down at the wooden bridge near he foot . ( cut to richard be dagger , quivering in the bridge , no more than three foot away ) 62 ( cut to richard as he leap the last ten foot of = the wall landing lightly near JOHN . he move to oq he dagger , pick it up . he move to JOHN , give he a look of pure hatred and stalk on past he back into the castle yard . ) 63 int . eleanor's room ( cut to a treasure chest pile high with jewel : bracelet , necklace , huge ring , strand of pearl , a magnificent crown . ( a hand appear . the hand have ring on every finger . it rummages among the jewel , finally select a enormous heavily bejewel bib necklace . the camera draw back to reveal -- ( eleanor . she be seat at a table in she room , alone . she have be put on jewelry for quite some time , and bracelet ; necklace ; she be cover with the stuff . her face look ravage . } ( as she put the necklace on , she say - ) eleanor how beautiful you make I . what might Solomon have sung have he see this . 63 continue ( there be a mirror on the table . she start to pick it up , then stop ) eleanor ( cont ) I can not . I would turn to salt . ( mask slip for a moment ) I have lose again . I be do for now . ( find the mask again ) well , there will be other christmase . ( she take a extremely elaborate necklace from the chest . address it ) I would hang you from the nipple but you would shock the child . ( she put it on . for a moment , she pain show clearly ) they kiss sweetly , do not they . ( harden again as she lean over the jewel chest ) I will have he next time . I can wait . ah - there you be : ( cut to the crown in the chest . Voice over ) my comfort and my company . ( her hand appear . she pick the crown up ) we be lock in for another year : four season more . oh , what desolation , what a life 's work . ( geoffrey appear in the doorway some distance behind she . she turn , smile brightly as she put the crown on . she already wear a small coronet and the effect of two crown on at once be a little : mad ) be it too much ? be sure to squint as you approach . you may be awed by my beauty geoffrey merry Christmas . eleanor be that why you '[re here -- to tell I that ? ce 64 63 continue o geoffrey I think you might be lonely . ( eleanor remove the crown , hold it out to he ) eleanor here , chancellor . try it on for size . geoffrey it 's puzzle . I remember my third birthday . not just picture of the garden or the gift but who do what to whom and how it feel . my memory stretch back that far and never once can I remember anything from you or father warmer than indifference . why be that ? | eleanor I do not know . ( he be by the table , look down at she . they be close ) eleanor I be weary and you want a simple answer and I have not one . ( start to remove the jewelry ) Z I be think earlier of Peter abelard . I be a Queen of os fifteen in that day and on dull afternoon I would go watch eloise watch abelard spread heresy like bonemeal in the palace garden . here the seine and there the cypress tree and how it bored I . think , pure think , flashed clear as water all around I and all I could think about be how to make a caesar of a monkish husband . I would like to hear the old man talk again ; I would listen now . for my ambition 's thin with age and all the mystery be as plump as ever . ( look up at geoffrey ) I read mind . in yours , a shapely hand be write , " clever mother , what 's you clever reason for this clever talk ? " it be not clever but you will make it so . ( she reach up , gently touch he cheek ) I be so sick of all of you . ( cut to JOHN who pop jauntily into the room ) JOHN I think I would come and gloat a little . ( cut to all three as eleanor start remove jewelry ) continue eleanor mother 's tired . come stick pin tomorrow morning . I will be more responsive then . JOHN it 's no fun goad anyone tonight . ( richard storm into the room ) richard the bastard 's box we up . ( cut to eleanor , utterly unconcern , remove jewel ) eleanor what 's that , dear ? ( richard stride into the picture ) richard we be he prisoner if that interest you . eleanor why should it ? I be he prisoner anyway . richard it be -~ correct I if I be wrong , but it be my impression that you want Henry 's throne for I . eleanor we have lose it this time , Richard . we can not win . richard you think I be finish , do you ? eleanor so I do . I have suffer more defeat than you have tooth . I know if and when it happens.to I . take you wormwood like a good boy . do it and go to bed . richard I will be king . eleanor and so you will . but not this year . oh , leave it , Richard . let it go for now . richard I can not . i ! es 63 66 continue ( cut to JOHN across the room ) JOHN it 's not so hard . try say after I . John win , I lose . ( richard start across the room to JOHN ) richard what if John die ? ( cut to JOHN , register instant panic ) JOHN you would not dare . richard ( move into the picture ) why on earth would not I ? ( richard be hand move to he dagger . JOHN race across the room to the protection of he mother . she rise , look balefully toward richard ) eleanor he have a knife . he always have a knife . we all have knife . this be eighty - three and we be barbarian . ( her eye rake across she child . we cut to they . Voice over ) eleanor ( cont ) how clear we make it . oh , my piglet , we be the origin of war . ( cut back to eleanor , look at they ) not history 's force nor the time nor justice nor the lack of it nor cause nor religion nor idea nor kind of government nor any other thing . ( cut to eleanor close to richard ) we be the killer ; we breed war . ( move on to JOHN ) we carry it , like syphilis , inside . ( move on to geoffrey ) Dead body rot in field and stream because the live one be rotten . 63 continue ( we see they all as she draw they close together ) for the love of God , can not we love one another just a little ? that 's how peace begin . we have so much to love each other for . we have such possibility , my child . we could change the world . ( they want to be love . she want to love they . as she start to reach out for richard , geoffrey say - ) geoffrey and while we hugge each other , what would Philip do ? ( cut to JOHN in total dismay ) JOHN oh , good God , Philip . we be suppose to start a war . if Father find out , I will be ruin . ( JOHN start for the door . geoffrey join he ) geoffrey steady , John ; do not panic . JOHN some adviser you be . ( JOHN hurry £rom the room as geoffrey say - ) geoffrey do not do anything without I . let I handle it . ( cut to eleanor , richard beside she . she be alive again ) eleanor he 's make a pact with Philip . ( to geoffrey as he join they ) you advise John into make war . that peerless boy ! he 's disinherite himself . when Henry find out , when I tell he what John 's do -- I need a little time . can you keep John away from Philip ' till I say so ? geoffrey anything you say . ( he kiss she hand and bound from the room as she turn to richard ) 63 continue eleanor I want you out of here before this break . and that need Philip . go to he . be desperate , promise anything : the vexin , Brittany . then once you be free and John be out of favor , we will make further plan . richard you talk to Philip . you be the diplomat ; you see he . eleanor you be a friend . you know he ; I do not . ( richard look at she expressionlessly , then start to the door ) and Richard . ( he step in the doorway ) promise anything . ( cut to richard close up . he either love he mum or loathes she . this be loathing . as he turn and go - ( cut to eleanor alone in the center of the room , as far from she as possible . as she turn round full circle - ) eleanor ( cont ) I have not lose . it be not over . oh , I have get the old man this time . the damn fool think he love John . he believe it . that 's where the kris go in . ( cut to she close up , all triumph go ) knive , knife ... it be a fine think , be not it . oh , Henry , do a big thing badly . ( she start to look for something . we follow she gaze about the room . Voice over ) where 's that mirror ? I be Eleanor and I can look at anything . ( the camera find the mirror . her hand appear , pick the mirror up . we see she reflection , wavy and distort in the primitive glass ) my , what a lovely girl . ( the camera move from the reflection to she face ) ( we move across the be quiet here . the 69 agonize face to henry be . he of infinite tenderness . he be a large chair in the parlor . be a great sense of warmth and they start slowly from the the corridor as they pass the the floor , arm flung , for it be a clear , cold night . the men be bundle up and 63 continue '' eleanor ( cont ) how could she king have leave ner ? 64 int . parlour ( cut from eleanor be wear a expression gaze down at alais who lie drowsing in he arm . they be sit in candle glow ; there peace . henry off to bed ? ( alais nod , smile , open she eye . she get up and we see she for a moment fill , like a child , with happiness , stare at the Christmas tree . henry join she and room . 65 int . corridor and great hall ( we pick they up in - great Hall . we have they , move into and through 7 ) the hall . the party be die but not dead . a few nobles be drunk on warmth , around sleep dog . of the other , some drink , some sing softly , some be in amorous circumstance with male and female servant . ) 66 ext . courtyard ( we move through the great hall , out the door and into the courtyard . the moon be bright and there be endless star . the yard itself seem to glow with dozen of tiny campfire . most of asleep . a few sit huddle by the fire . there be faint carol , soft and sweet . ) 66x1 int . kitchen yard and into the Kitchen . all kitchen staff , exhaust and filthy , lie asleep on the floor . the floor be litter with animal alive and dead , entrail , excrement . tomorrow 's meat new slaughter , hang still drip from huge hearth glow . great hook . the fire in the we move into the fire . ) | ; o 66x2 67 67x1 67 int . henry's bedroom 5 ( when we pull back , away from the coal , it be from : the fire in Henry 's bedroom . the door be just L open . alais step through . behind she , henry i hesitates , frown in think . ) i alais Henry ? henry wait up for I . I will not be long . ( he close the door . ( cut to another door . a hand appear , tap lightly on it and we hear - ) geoffrey ( whisper , voice over ) Philip ? int . philip' bedroom ( cut to philip inside he bedroom . the room be more luxuriously furnish than the other in the castle , philip have bring he own refinement with he . there be a canope bed , wine glass and decanter sit on a table . ( philip prepare for bed , wear a dress gown . he be turn sharply when we see he . cut to - ) int . corridor ( geoffrey in the hallway as he tap again . philip open the door . geoffrey slip in , close it behind he . he be key high ; quiet , tense , excited ) geoffrey it 's work out . by morning I can be the choose son . the crown can come to I . be you still with I ? ( philip nod ) int . philip' room we will have to fight they ali . they will bank together once this happen . have I get you word ? for philip do I have yours ? all England 's land in France if I support you ? 67 continue ( geoffrey nod . philip look at he speculatively ) geoffrey be we ally , then ? philip ( warmly take he hand ) we be bear to be . geoffrey I should say something solemn but I have not time . ( half way to the door ) I be off to Father with the news that John 's a traitor . after that -- ( cut to JOHN as , livid , he charge out from behind a tapestry ) JOHN you stink , you know that ? you be a stinker and you stink . ( cut to geoffrey . he do not bat a eye ) geoffrey come along . we be finish here . ( cut to JOHN , look wildly about the room ) JOHN I will kill you . where 's a dagger ? ( he can not find anything . then , see a lethal - look massive candlestick , he grab it , raise it high over he head and charge at geoffrey . ( geoffrey crouch slightly as JOHN come tear at he . at the last moment , geoffrey sidestep gracefully , trip JOHN as he hurtle by . ( JOHN sprawl out painfully on the floor . geoffrey glare at he , anger and derision on he face ) geoffrey Dumb . if you be a prince , there 's hope for every ape in Africa . ( he go to one knee beside JOHN as JOHN sit up ) 67 67x1 continue I have you save . I be not on my way to Father but he be . he would have go to Henry and betrayed you . look : it 's in he face . ( JOHN look up . cut to philip , then back to JOHN ) JOHN ( convince and dismay ) it 's true . I do not know who my friend be . ( there be a tapping at the door . philip & geoffrey exchange a quick glance . ) int . corridor ( cut to richard in the corridor . he dart a look one way , then the other . satisfied he 's still alone , he rap again and whisper - ) richard 's Philip . ( cut back to geoffrey as he bound to he foot and indicate the tapestry where JOHN be hide , ask - ) ' geoffrey May we ? philip that 's what tapestry be for . ( philip start toward the door . geoffrey tug JOHN to he foot , bustles he toward the tapestry ) JOHN I have ruin everything . i'1l never learn . ( JOHN & geoffrey duck behind the tapestry ) ( cut to philip stand by the door ) philip be someone there ? I hear my name . ( he open the door . richard stand in the doorway ) richard I call it . philip Richard . hello , Richard . 67x1 continue o richard you be half way to bed . I will wait for morning . philip t come in . ( he move into the room . we stay with richard in the doorway ) richard mother send I . ( cut to philip stand by the table and wine decanter ) philip come in anyway . ( he pick up the decanter , pour . richard move into the picture ) we alchemist have stumble on the art of boil burgundy . it turn to steam and when it cool , we call it brandywine . = ' richard o I be Henry 's prisoner . ( philip smile ) you find that charming ? philip no. richard then why the charming smile ? philip I think , I can not think why , of when you be in Paris last . can it be two whole year ago ? richard it can . I need a army , Philip . ( philip hand he a glass ) philip it will take the cold away . richard é I must have soldier . 2 vu 67x1 continue ( philip stroll away , move casually about the room ) philip have I age ? do I seem older to you ? they have be two fierce year . I have study and I have train to be a king . ( cut to richard ) richard I will have you answer -- yes or no . ( cut to philip as he spin sharply toward richard ) philip you will have it when I give it . ( charm again , he move across the room to richard ) you see ? I have change . I be not the boy you teach to hunt two year ago . remember ? Racing after boar , you fly first ; I scramble after , all day into dusk -- ( richard turn abruptly away from he , start to go ) do not go . richard I must know : will you help I ? ( philip sit in one of the chair by the table ) philip sit and we will discuss it . ( richard move to the other chair and sit stiffly ) you never write . richard to anyone . philip why should I make you King of England ? be not I better off with John or geoffrey ? why have you to fight when I could have the cretin or the fiend ? ( cut to behind the tapestry . JOHN indignant , geoffrey amused ) 67x1 continue ( cut to richard & philip ) richard j would we fight ? philip we be fight now . good night . ( he start to rise , the interview terminate ) richard you be still a boy . philip in some way . which way do you have in mind ? richard you have not ask how much my help be worth . philip you will tell I . richard you can have the vexin back . philip and what else ? richard all of Brittany . ( cut to behind the tapestry . geoffrey angry now and JOHN amused ) ( cut back to richard & philip ) philip that 's geoffrey 's . richard do that matter ? philip possibly to geoffrey . and what else ? i richard | that 's all you help be worth . i philip and in return , what do you want from I ? 76 67x1 continue ( with each succeed line , we cut back and forth in close up from richard be face to philip be ) richard two thousand soldier . philip and what else ? richard five hundred knight on horse . philip and what else ? richard arm and siege equipment . philip and what else ? richard I never write because I think you would never answer . ( pull back to show they both . philip be expressionless ) richard you get marry . philip do that make a difference ? richard do not it ? philip I have spend two year on every street in hell . richard that 's odd . I do not see you there . ( philip rise , eye on richard . then richard stand . slowly , philip extend he hand . richard take it . philip turn and , in measure step , start move toward the bed . richard , still hold he hand , follow . ( cut to the interior of the bed . philip be hand come through the curtain , draw they back . we see they through the open ) o 67x1 67x2 77 continue richard you have not say you love I . philip when the time come . ( there be a tapping at the door . philip & richard , paralyze , exchange startle glance . ) int . corridor ( cut to henry in the corridor . he glance about . then rap again and whisper - ) henry Philip . ( cut back to philip & richard at the bed . richard be in great confusion . philip be think hard . ( cut to behind the tapestry . JOHN , frighten , turn to geoffrey . geoffrey , alive with excitement , put a finger on JOHN be lip . ( cut to philip as he put a finger to richard be lip , help he into the bed . philip draw the curtain shut . ( cut to philip crossing toward the door . ( cut to henry outside in the hall ) henry Philip , lad . ( the door open . from henry's Pov ) it 's not too late at night ? philip I would hope you would come . henry ( we see the room from henry's Pov as he enter ) good ; we can not leave negotiation where they be . ( turn to philip who move to the table and pour from the decanter ) I keep look for you father in you . I na 78 67x2 continue philip he 's not there . ( we see they both as henry settles in richard be chair . henry I miss he . have Richard or the Queen be here to see you ? philip do it matter ? if they have not yet , they will . henry I want to reach a settlement . I leave you with too little earlier . ( philip hand henry a glass , sit in the other chair ) philip yes ; nothing be too little . henry I be sorry you be not fonder of I , lad . you father always say " be fond of stronger man . " philip no wonder he love everyone . henry I have come to you to offer peace . philip piss on you peace . henry you father would have wept . philip my father be a weeper . henry fight I and you will lose . philip I can not lose , Henry . I have time . just look at you . ( cut to henry , then back to philip ) great heavy arm -- they would crush I like a leaf of lettuce . but each year they get a little heavier . the sand go pit-pan in the glass . I be in no hurry , Henry . I have get time . 79 67x2 continue ( cut to henry as he rise , angry ) henry suppose I hurry thing along ? what if I say that England be at war with France ? ( cut to philip calmly look up at henry ) philip then France surrender . I do not have to fight to win . take all you want -- this county , that one . you will not keep it long . ( cut to henry , scornful ) henry what kind of courage have you get ? ( cut to philip , cool and unperturb ) philip the tidal kind : it come and go . ( cut to henry as he break out into a delighted smile and sit again . we see they both ) henry by God , I would love to turn you loose on Eleanor . ( the decanter in he hand ) more brandywine ? philip you recognize it ? henry ( fill he glass ) they be boil it in Ireland before the snake leave . ( sit back , settling in he chair ) well -- thing look a little bleak for Henry , do not they . you will say yes to Richard when he come ; arm , soldier , anything he ask for . philip I would be foolish not to . henry and withdraw it all before the battle ever start . philip would not you , in my place ? henry why fight Henry when he son will do it for you . o 67x2 continue philip yes , exactly . henry you have get promise , lad . that 's first class think . ( he raise he glass and drink . ( cut to richard in the bed , angry and betrayed . ( cut to behind the tapestry . more anger and ' betrayal . ( cut to philip & henry as henry put he glass down ) good night . ( henry rise . philip look up , uncertain for the first time ) philip good night ? you be go ? ( henry nod benignly ) but we have not settle anything . henry we open Christmas package at noon . ' til then . ( henry start to go . cut to philip , rise ) _ philip you can not be finish with I . ( cut to henry ) henry but I be . and it 's be very satisfactory . ( cut to philip ) philip what 's so satisfactory ? ( cut to henry ) henry win be . I do just win . surely you notice . ( cut to philip ) 81 67x2 continue philip not a thing . you have not win a damn thing . ( we see they both as henry move slowly to philip say - ) henry I find out the way you mind word and the kind of man you be . I know you plan and expectation . you have burble every bit of what you have get . I know exactly what you will do and exactly what you be . and I have tell you exactly nothing . to this age eye , boy , that 's what win look like . dormez bien . ( with which he turn and , as we follow he , move toward the door ) philip ( Voice over ) you -- ( henry stop and turn . cut to philip ) you make my father nothing . you be always better . you bully he , you belly with he wife , you beat he down in every war , you twisted every treaty , you play mock - the monk and then you make he love you for it . ( he begin stalking toward henry ) I be there . his last word go to you . henry he be a loving man and you learn nothing of it . philip I learn how much father live in son . a king like you have policy prepare on everything . what 's the official line on sodomy ? how stand the crown on boy who do with boy ? ( cut to richard in the bed , disbelief , shock on he face . it can not be happen ) ( cut to henry as he move away from philip ) henry Richard find he way into so many legend . let 's hear yours and see how it compare . ( as philip speak , he follow henry , press he ) philip he find I first when I be fifteen . we be hunt . it be after dark . my horse fall . I be throw . I wake to Richard o ) 82 67x2 continue touch I . he ask I if I love he -- " Philip , do you love I ? " -- and I tell he yes . ( cut to richard in the bed . he be wrack with pain and rage . it be excruciate . ( cut to philip & henry , close up ) you know why I tell he yes ? so one day I could tell you all about it . you can not imagine what that " yes " cost . or perhaps you can . imagine snuggling to a chancr whore and , bend back you lip in something like a smile , say : " yes , I love you and I find you beautiful . " I do not know how I do it . cut to the bed as richard leap through the curtain ) richard no -- it be not like that . ( cut to philip , cold and cut ) philip but it be . ( cut to richard ) richard you love I . ( cut to philip ) philip never . ( cut to richard as he turn to henry ) richard get out . please ! I do not want you here . henry it 's no great joy to be here . richard so the royal corkscrew find I twisted , do he ? henry I will go tell you mother : she will be pleased . ( he start to go . richard follow he ) 83 67x2 continue o richard she know . she send I . henry ( turn on richard . they stand face to face ) how completely hers you be . richard you have have four son . who do you claim ? not Henry . not my bury brother . not that monument to muck , that epic idiot . why he ? why always he and never I ? henry he be the oldest -- he come first . richard Christ , Henry , be that all ? henry you go with Eleanor . richard you never call for I . you never say my name . I would have walk or crawle . I would have do anything . oo ( henry turn away , unable to face it ) henry it 's not my fault . I will not be blame . richard I only want you . henry no -- it 's my crown . you want my kingdom . richard keep you kingdom . ( cut to henry close up as he wheel toward richard ) henry that I will . ( cut to richard , close up ) richard I hope it kill you . ( cut to henry , close up ) o __ 67x2 continue henry thank God I have another son . thank God for John . ( cut to the tapestry as geoffrey step out from hide ) geoffrey who shall we thank for geoffrey ? ( move to henry ) you do not think much of I . henry much ? I do not think of you at all . geoffrey nurse use to say I have you hand . I might have more of you . try see I . I have not Richard 's military skill but he be here betray you , not I . I have not John 's I do not know what -- God know what you can see in John -- and he 's betrayed you , too . ( cut to JOHN who , red with rage , peep through a slit in the tapestry . ( cut to the room from john' Pov ) henry you think I would ever make you king ? geoffrey you will make I king because I be all you have get . ( point to richard ) I be to be he chancellor . ask he why . henry ( start to leave the room ) I have hear enough . geoffrey for move John to treason . ( cut to henry , close up ) henry I do not doubt he offer , I do not doubt you try and I do not doubt John love I . 85 67x2 continue ( cut to geoffrey who step to the tapestry ) geoffrey like a glutton love he lunch . ( he pull the tapestry back , revealing JOHN . JOHN glare at geoffrey with pure loathing ) JOHN you turd . ( cut to the full room ) henry well , John ? JOHN it be not what you think . henry what do I think ? JOHN what geoffrey say . I would never plot against you , ever . henry I know ; you be a good boy . ( JOHN , encourage , move toward henry . just JOHN & henry now ) JOHN can I go now , please ? it 's late . I ought to be in bed . ( henry grab JOHN by the shoulder , shake he ) henry could not you wait . could not you trust I ? it be all yours . could not you believe that ? JOHN will you listen to the grief . henry who do you think I build this kingdom for ? ( JOHN , in a rage , shake himself loose ) JOHN I ? daddy do it all for I ? when can I have it , daddy ? until we bury you ? not 86 67x2 continue henry you be just like they . and after all I have give you . ( cut to JOHN close up ) JOHN I get it . I know what you give . ( cut to henry close up ) henry I love you . ( cut to JOHN close up ) JOHN you be a cold and bloody bastard , you be , and you do not love anything . ( cut to henry . he be stunne , blank with shock ) ( cut to geoffrey ) geoffrey I be it , I be all that 's leave . ( cut to henry and he three son ) geoffrey ( cont ) here , Father ; here I be . ( we move toward henry , closer and closer to he unsee eye ) henry my life , when it be write , will read better than it live . Henry fitz - Empress , first plantagnet , a King at twenty - one , the able soldier of a able time . he lead man well , he care for justice when he could and rule , for thirty year , a state as great as charlemagne 's . he marry out of love a woman out of legend . not in Rome or Alexandria or camelot have there be such a Queen . she bore he many child -- but no son . King Henry have no son . ( cut to JOHN , richard & geoffrey side by side . voice over ) he have three whiskered thing but he disown they . you be not mine . we be not connect . I deny you . none of you will get any crown . ( cut to henry , close up ) 68 69 70 67x2 continue henry ( cont ) I leave you nothing and I wish you plague . May all you child breech and die . ( he turn , move to the doorway , stop and look back . ) ( cut to the room from henry's Pov ) my boy be go . int . corridor ( cut to henry as he start unsteadily down the corridor ) I have lose my boy . ( he stop , glare up toward the deity ) you dare to damn I , do you ? well , I damn you back . ( like a biblical figure , shaking he fist at the sky ) henry ( cont ) God damn you . ( move blindly down the corridor again ) my boy be go . I have lose my boy . oh , Jesus , all my boy . ( we watch as he figure grow smaller and smaller . ) ( CUT to the bottom of a broad stone stairway , look up . henry appear at the top , start unseeingly down . we hear a sudden burst of raucous laughter as a drunken nobleman , he arm around a wench , move abruptly into the picture . ( they start , weaving , up the stair . henry pass they , unsee . int . corridor ( CUT to henry crossing the hall at the base of the stair . a servant , tidy up for the night , scurries past , pause to bow . o 71 72 73 74 88 int . great hall ( CUT to the open doorway of the great Hall , look in from the corridor . the hall be empty save for a few nobles who lie sprawle in drunken sleep . servant move about , exhaustedly clean up the mess . henry , walk down the corridor , pass through the picture . the camera follow he . int . parlour ( cut to the parlor . candle , about to go out , be flicker on the Christmas tree . mass of present lie at the base of the tree . henry appear , walk unsee through the room . a church bell start to toll eleven . int . henry's bedroom ( cut to henry's bedroom . the toll continue . alais lie curl up , asleep on the bed where henry leave she . a noise awaken she . she start up , turn to the door . ( cut to the door from alais' Pov . it open . henry stand in the doorway . he start into the room . ( cut to alais , smile , rub she eye . ) alais what time be it ? ( something 's wrong . rising from the bed ) Henry ? ( cut to henry stand in front of the fire , stare blindly into it . alais move into the picture , stand beside he . ( cut to henry & alais see through the fire ) what 's happen , Henry ? what 's the matter ? ( he do not seem to hear she . he frown at a pass think , turn and start away . ) int . corridor and broad hall ( cut to henry at the door . he turn back , seem to see alais for a moment , then turn away and move out the door . | 74 continue 89 ( cut to a shadowy hallway . eye glow in the dark -- dog ' eye . henry move into the picture , past the dog . Far behind he , down the corridor , we can dimly make out alais . ) 75 ext . battlement ( cut to a exterior door see from outside . it open . henry step through , he face immobile , like a Greek mask . we follow he as he move out into the freezing clear bright night , prowling along the battlement . though he wear no robe or coat , he do not register the cold . ( cut to alais shiver in the doorway , she face alive with love and compassion for she man . ( cut to henry from alais' Pov . he be in the distance now , a small figure move along the wall of a great castle . the castle look like ivory in the moonlight . ( cut to a soldier on Guard duty . heavily robe , he be nonetheless half freeze . he see something , stiffen to attention . ( cut to henry move along the battlement . we see he pass the shiver guard . ( cut to henry sit , look out over the same bit of wall from where he first catch sight of eleanor be boat that morning . ( cut to the night from henry's Pov . we see eleanor be boat anchore at the wharf . ( cut to henry look at the boat . he shut he eye , unable to bear what he be think . he lie back , stretch out on the cold stone , and look up at the sky . ( the camera , follow the rise mist of henry be breath , turn up to the sky . it be cloudless , cramme with a infinity of star . ) 76 int . henry's bedroom ( cut to a tiny bed of gently glow coal , very close up . as we see they , we hear - ) 76 90 cont inue > alais ( sing , voice over ) the Christmas wine be in the pot , the Christmas coal be red . I will spend my day the lover 's way , unwrap all my gift in bed . ( as she sing , we pull slowly back . the coal be in a small copper brazier . on the brazier , we see a small pot . alais be hand appear . one hold a tiny spice jar ; the other take a pinch of spice and drop it in the pot . > ( we continue back as we see alais sit on the floor by the brazier . then we see henry's bedroom beyond she and , at the last , eleanor stand in the doorway . she look absolutely desolate ) the Christmas goose be on the spit , the Christmas -- ( she stop sing as she sense someone . she turn . ( cut to eleanor . we see she pull herself together . as if nothing in the world be wrong , she move into the room say - ) eleanor no one else be carol tonight : it might as well be lent . when I be little , Christmas be a time of great confusion for I . the Holy land have two king , God and uncle Raymond , and I never know whose birthday we be celebrate . ( reaching alais , she look fondly down at she ) alais Henry be not here . eleanor good ; .we can talk behind he back . alais what happen ? eleanor do not you know ? alais shake she head . eleanor sit on the floor by she ) 716 91 continue there be a scene with bed and tapestry and many thing get so - ( she lean forward over the pot on the brazier ) spice wine . I would forget Henry like it . May I stay ? alais ( she rise , put the spice pot on a table ) it 's you room just as much as mine : we be both in residence . eleanor pack in , like the poor , three to a bed . alais do you love Henry -- ever ? eleanor ever ? back before the flood ? alais as long ago as rosamund . eleanor ( rising from the floor ) ah , that 's pre-history , lamb ; there be no write record or survivor . alais there be picture . she be prettier than you . eleanor ( she move to the rack where henry's clothes hang , run she hand absently among they ) oh , much . her eye in certain light be violet and all she tooth be even . that 's a rare feature , even tooth . she smile to excess but she chew with real distinction . ( cut to alais ) alais and you hate she even now . ( cut to eleanor as she move across the room toward henry be bed ) eleanor no ... but I do . he put she in my place , you see , and that be very hard . like you , she head Henry 's table : that 's my chair . E if t 76 92 continue alais and so you have she poison . ( she settles on a corner of the bed ) eleanor that 's a folktale . oh , I pray for she to drop and sing a little when she do but even circe have she limit . why be not you happy ? Henry 's keep you . you must be cleverer than I be . ( cut to alais move toward eleanor ) alais I have try feel pity for you but it keep on turn into something else . eleanor ( cut to eleanor look up as alais move into the picture ) why pity ? alais you love Henry but you love he kingdom , too . you look at he and you see city , acreage , coastline , tax . all I see be Henry . leave he to I , can not you ? eleanor but I leave he year ago . alais and I think I could move you . be you always like this ? year ago , when I be young and worshipped you , be this what you be like ? eleanor most likely . child , I be finish and I have come to give he anything he ask for . alais do you know what I should like for Christmas ? I should to see you suffer . ( cut to eleanor , close up . nodding as the suffer show on she face ) eleanor alais , just for you . ( cut to alais , close up . she understand and all the love and tenderness she use to feel for 76 93 continue eleanor come flooding back . with a small cry , she throw herself into eleanor be arm . eleanor hold she , rock she , like a child , gently back and forth ) alais maman , oh maman . eleanor alor , mar petite . alais j'ai peur , maman . eleanor ( take up the little song in the middle ) «+. the Christmas log will glow , there 's Christmas cheer and comfort here -- ( something catch she eye . she stop sing , turn . ( cut to henry stand in the doorway . he see they but he do not really take they in . his manner be brisk , key high , with a kind of mad energy ) henry the sky be pock with star . what eye the wise man must have have to spot a new one in so many . ( cut to eleanor & alais as alais rise and move to the wine pot on the brazier ) eleanor you look cold . alais I have mull some wine . ( cut to henry , move into the room ) henry I wonder , be there fewer star then -- I do not know . I fancy there 's a mystery in it . ( alais move into the picture with a goblet of wine ) what 's this ? 76 94 continue alais warm wine . why you oft let she you she henry so it be . ( he take the wine , touch she cheek ) be as beautiful as I remember . ( send she toward the door ) to bed . my widow want to see I . ( alais go to the door , stop , turn back ) alais I stay . ( cut to henry , shaking he head . cut back to alais ) come to find out what you plan be . she want you back . ( alais start to say more , stop , turn sharply and go . ( cut to henry & eleanor . she be still on the bed . he be at the brazier , pour wine ) henry do ? eleanor think I do . she think the need for loving never stop . henry she 's get a point . I marvel at you . after all this year , still like a democratic drawbridge , go down for everybody . ( he move to she with a goblet for each of they ) eleanor at my age , there 's not much traffic any more . ( he hand she a goblet , raise he in a toast ) henry to you interminable health . ( he drink ) 76 95 continue henry ( cont ) well , wife , what 's on you mind ? eleanor oh Henry , we have make a mess of it . henry yes , have not we . you look like doomsday . eleanor late night do that to I . be I puffy ? ( we follow henry as he stroll to the fireplace ) henry possibly : it 's hard to tell -- there 's all that natural sag . ( cut to eleanor , close up ) eleanor I have just see Richard . ( cut to henry , close up . he face the fire , he back to she . his face react but he voice show nothing of it ) henry splendid boy . ( cut to eleanor ) eleanor he say you fight . ( cut to henry ) henry we always do . ( cut to a view of both of they ) eleanor it 's he impression that you plan to disinherit they . henry I fancy I will relent . do not you ? eleanor I do not much care . ( cut to henry close up as he turn sharply to face she . 76 continue o ( cut back to view of both of they ) in fact I wonder , Henry , if I care for anything . I wonder if i 5 I be hurt out of habit and if all my lust , like passion in a poem be not really recollection . henry I could listen to you lie for hour . so you lust be rusty . gorgeous . eleanor Henry , I be so tired . ( henry leave the fireplace , start move toward she ) henry sleep , then . sleep and dream of I with crouton . henri a la mode de caen . ( as he reach she , she rise with a surge of energy ) eleanor so Henry , stop it . henry Eleanor , I have not start . eleanor what be it you want ? you want my name on paper , I will sign anything . you want the aquitaine for John ? it 's john' . it 's he , it 's yours , it 's anybody 's . henry in exchange for what ? ( cut to eleanor , close up ) eleanor for nothing , for a little quiet , for a end to this , for God 's sake , sail I back to England , lock I up and lose the key and let I be alone . ( cut to henry . he nod appreciatively . then , raise he hand , he start to applaud . ( cut to eleanor as the applause grow louder and louder ) ( a you have my oath . I give my word . 4 76 continue ( cut to both of they . the applause grow thunderous , then cut off abruptly . bone weary , nodd , eleanor sink into a chair ) oh , well . well , well . ( henry circle she like a dog that 's trap its prey ) henry would you like a pillow ? footstool ? how about a shawl ? you oath be all profanity . you word 's a curse . you name on paper be a waste of pulp . ( she be not reacting . he bend towards she , bellow ) I be vilifying you , for God 's sake . pay attention . ( she look up , only half see . she reach out and take he hand and kiss it . he pull he hand sharply away ) eleanor like any think person , I should like to think there be -- I do not care whose or which -- some God . not out of fear : death be a lark , it 's life that sting . but if there be some God , then I would exist in he imagination , like Antigone in sophocle ' . I would have no contradiction , no confusion , no waste part of misplace element and then , oh Henry , then I would make some sense . I would be a Queen in arcady and not a animal in chaos . how , from where we start , do we ever reach this Christmas ? : henry step by step . eleanor what happen to I now ? ( we follow henry as he move to he bed ) henry that 's lively curiosity from such a dead cat . if you want to know my plan , just ask I . ( cut to eleanor , rise , with a surge of anger ) eleanor conquer China , sack the vatican or take the veil . I be not among the one who give a damn . just let I sign my land to John and go to bed . 76 98 continue ( cut to henry as he stretch out luxuriously ) henry no , you be too kind . I can not accept . ( cut to eleanor . she move to the bed , glare down at he ) eleanor come on , man . I will sign the thing in blood or spit or bright blue ink . let 's have it do . henry let 's not . no , I do not think I want you signature on anything . eleanor you do not ? henry dear God , the pleasure I still get from goad you . eleanor you do not want John to have my province ? henry bull 's eye . ( she bend down over he ) eleanor I can not bear you when you be smug . ( henry grin up at she , reveling in it ) henry I know , I know . ( she straighten up , draw slightly back ) eleanor you do not want Richard and you do not want John . henry - you have grasp it . eleanor all right , let I have it . level I . what do you want ? henry ( he sit up . savore each syllable ) a new wife . 76 99 continue ( cut to eleanor , close up . she be utterly dismay ) eleanor oh . ( she sit slowly and carefully on the bed . henry rise , stand over she ) henry aesthete and poetaster that you be , you worship beauty and simplicity . I worship with you . down with all that 's ugly and complex -- like frog or pestilence or we relationship . I ask you , what 's more beautiful and simple than a new wife ? ( cut back to eleanor who , assemble herself bravely , ask - ) eleanor so I be to be annull . well , will the Pope annul I , do you think ? ( cut to henry , wine goblet in hand ) henry the pontiff owe I one pontificate . I think he will . ( cut to eleanor still on the bed ) eleanor out Eleanor , in alais . why ? ( cut to henry . vehemently as he start back to she ) henry a new wife , wife , will bear I son . ( cut to eleanor as she rise and move to meet he ) eleanor that be the single thing of which I should have think you have enough . ( they stand face to face ) henry I want a son . eleanor whatever for ? why we could populate a country town with country girl who have borne you son . how many be it ? help I count the bastard . i ij i i ak 76 100 continue henry all my son be bastard . eleanor you really mean to do it . henry Lady love , with all my heart . ( henry turn away from she , move energetically to a narrow slit of a window , stand with he back to she , look out ) eleanor you son be part of you . henry like wart and goiter ; and I be have they remove . eleanor we make they . they be we boy . ( cut to henry from the front . eleanor be in the background , behind he . all the grief be in he face , none in he voice ) henry I know -- and good God , look at they . Young Henry : vain , deceitful , weak and cowardly . the only patriotic thing he ever do be die . eleanor I think you love he most . henry I do . ( he turn to face she ) and geoffrey -- there 's a masterpiece . he be not fresh : he 's a device : he 's wheel and gear . ( eleanor sit in one of a pair of arm chair ) eleanor every family have one . ( henry move to she , sit in the other chair ) henry but not four . then johnny . be he latest treason you idea ? 76 101 continue ( not face he , she shake she head ) henry ( cont ) I have catch he lie and I have say he 's young . I have see he cheating and I have think he 's just a boy . I have watch he sin and whore and whip he servant and he 's not a child . he be a man we have make he . eleanor do not share John with I . he 's you accomplishment . henry and Richard 's yours . how could you send he off to deal with Philip . eleanor I be tired . I be busy . they be friend . henry ( he rise , look down at she ) Eleanor , he be the best . the strongest , bravest , handsomest and from the cradle on you cradle he . I never have a chance . eleanor ( rising to face he ) you never want one . henry how do you know ? you take he . separation from you husband you could bear . but not you boy . eleanor whatever I have do , you make I do . henry . you throw I out of bed for Richard . eleanor not until you throw I out for rosamund . henry it 's not that simple . I will not have it be that simple . eleanor I adore you . henry never . 76 102 continue eleanor I still do . ( cut to henry , close up ) henry of all the lie , that one be the most terrible . ( cut to eleanor close up ) eleanor I know : that 's why I save it up for now . ( cut to henry close up , eye blaze . ( cut to eleanor close up , burn with defiance . ( cut to include both as , after one more immobile moment , they throw themselves into each other 's arm . they hold light , want shelter from the storm they have make ) oh , Henry , we have mangle everything we have touch . henry deny we what you will , we have do that . ( he pull away from she , look gently down into she face ) do you remember when we meet ? eleanor ( look radiantly up at he ) down to the hour and the color of you stocking . . henry I could hardly see you for the sunlight . ( she sit at the foot of the bed . he settles on the floor , rest he head on she lap ) eleanor it be raining but no matter . henry there be very little talk as I recall it . eleanor very little . o 76 103 continue henry I have never see such beauty and I walk right up and touch it . God , where do I find the gall to do that ? ( she bend tenderly down ) eleanor in my eye . henry I love you . ( they kiss , then gently part , each lose in reverie ) eleanor no annulment . henry what ? eleanor there will be no annulment . henry will there not ? eleanor no , I be afraid you will have to do without . henry ( anger just bottled in , get to he foot ) well -- it be just a whim . eleanor I be so relieved . I do not want to lose you . henry . ( he start to pace . we pull back , include they both ) out of curiosity , as intellectual to intellectual , how in the name of bleed Jesus can you lose I ? do you ever see I ? be I with you ? ever near you ? be I ever anywhere but somewhere else ? ( cut to eleanor , close up , delighted . henry lean forward into the picture ) do we write ? do I send message ? do dinghy bear gift float up the Thames to you ? be you remember ? 76 104 continue eleanor you be . henry you be no part of I . we do not touch at any point . how can you lose I ? eleanor can not you feel the chain ? henry you know enough to know I can not be stop . eleanor but I do not have to stop you . I have only to delay you . every enemy you have have friend in Rome . we will cost you time . henry what be this ? I be not molder : my paint 's not peel off . I be good for year . eleanor how many year ? suppose I hold you back for one : I can -- it 's possible . suppose you first son die , ours do -- it 's possible . suppose you be daughter next . we be -- that , too , be possible . how old be daddy then ? ( cut to henry look grim . then back to eleanor ) what kind of spindly , ricket -ridden , milky , semi-witted , wizen , dim - eye , gammy -hande , limpy line of thing will you beget ? ( cut to henry look grimmer ) henry it 's sweet of you to care . ( cut back to eleanor ) eleanor 5 and when you die , which be regrettable but necessary , what will happen to frail alais and she pruney prince ? you can not think Richard 's go to wait for you grotesque to grow . ( cut to henry ) henry you would not let he do a thing like that ? ( cut to eleanor ) 76 105 continue eleanor let he ? I would push he through the nursery door . ( cut to henry ) henry you be not that cruel . ( cut to eleanor ) eleanor do not fret . we will wait until you be dead to do it . ( henry move to she , into the picture ) henry Eleanor , what do you want ? eleanor ( circle he as earlier he circle she ) just what you want , a king for a son . you can make more . I can not . you think I want to disappear . one son be all I have get and you can blot he out and call I cruel . for this ten year you have live with everything I have lose and love another woman through it all . and I be cruel . I could peel you like a pear and God himself would call it justice . nothing I could do to you be wanton . nothing be too much . ( cut to eleanor move down the corridor toward he ) eleanor you go to Rome , we will rise against you . ( cut to henry as eleanor move into the picture ) henry who will ? eleanor Richard , geoffrey , John and Eleanor of aquitaine . henry the day that stout heart band together be the day that pig get wing . eleanor there will be pork in the treetop come the morning . do not you see : you have give they a common cause : new son . you leave the country and you have lose it . 76 106 continue henry all of you at once . eleanor and Philip , too . he would join we . henry yes , he would . ( cut to eleanor , close up , on top again ) eleanor now how 's you trip to Rome ? ( cut to henry , cornere , beat . Voice over ) oh , I have get you , get you , get you . henry should I take a thousand men-at -arm or be that showy ? ( cut to eleanor from behind henry ) eleanor bluff away . I love it . ( he start move forward toward she . she begin retreate . we keep with they as they edge they way back into the bedroom ) henry ah , poor thing . how can I break the news ? you have just miscalculate . eleanor have I ? how ? , henry you should have lie to I . you should have promise to be good while I be go . I would have let you three boy loose . they could have fight I then . eleanor you would not keep you son lock up here ? henry why the devil would not I ? ( cut to eleanor , close up , desperate ) eleanor you do not dare . 76 continue ( cut to henry , unstoppable , victorious ) henry why not ? what 's to stop I ? let they sit in chinon for a while . ( cut to eleanor ) eleanor I forbid it ! ( cut to henry ) henry she forbid it ! ( cut to henry from eleanor's Pov . he storm toward the door . ( cut to the room from the corridor . henry move towards we , eleanor in the background ) ( cut to eleanor , close up ) eleanor do you father sleep with I or do not he ? ( henry , close to camera , stop . Color drain from he face . it be a think he cannot bear . he turn toward she ) henry no doubt you be go to tell I that he do . ( cut to eleanor from henry's Pov ) eleanor would it upset you ? henry ( move into the picture , stalking toward eleanor ) what about the thousand man ? I say be gaudy and to hell with it . eleanor do not leave I , Henry . I be at rock bottom . I '11 do anything to keep you . henry I think you think you mean it . or , 76 108 continue ( we see they both , they face close together ) eleanor ask for something . henry Eleanor , we be past it ; year past . eleanor test I . name a act . henry there be not one . eleanor about my fornication with you father -- ( we pull back slightly as henry move forward and eleanor step backward . she find herself against the foot of the bed ) henry yes there be . you can expire . eleanor 1 you first , old man . I only hope I be there to watch . you be so afraid of die . you be so scared of it . henry poor Eleanor ; if only she have lie . eleanor ( she sit on the bed , start to stretch out ) she do . she say she never love you father . henry I can always count on .you . eleanor I never touch you without think " geoffrey , geoffrey . " ( cut to henry from eleanor's Pov . he be on the bed , crouch over she ) henry when you hurt I , I will cry out . ( cut to eleanor from henry's Pov , on she back on the bed ) 76 109 continue eleanor I have put more horn on you than Louis ever wear . ( cut to show they both ; she on the bed , he crouch over she ) henry be I suppose to care ? eleanor I will kill you if you leave I . henry you can try . ( she lean up , close to he ) eleanor I love you father 's body . he be beautiful . henry ( retreating from the impact of it , sit on the edge of the bed , turn away from she ) it never happen . eleanor I can see he body now . shall I describe it ? henry Eleanor , I hope you die . ( she rise to she knee on the bed , seem to tower over he ) eleanor his arm be rough , with scar here -- henry stop it ! eleanor I can feel he arm . I feel they . henry ( crying out ) aahbhh ! ( cut to eleanor . Close up , just she face ) 110 76 continue o eleanor what 's that ? have I hurt you ? ( cut to include both of they on the bed ) henry oh my God , I be go to be sick . ( we follow he from the doorway as he rise , start for the camera . ( cut to eleanor . carry away , hurl it after he ) eleanor we do it ! you be in the next room when he do it . ( cut to doorway again as henry move past the camera into the corridor . then , slowly we move across the room , closer and closer to eleanor . her face be a picture of total desolation ) well , what family do not have its up and downs ) a . ( she rise from the bed ) it 's cold . ( she see the brazier , move it , huddle down to it for warmth ) I can not feel anything . not anything at all . ( her hand and face be close to the coal . we move closer and closer ) we could not go back , could we , Henry . ( we fade slowly on she desolate and anguish face . the moment we reach black - 17 int . marshal' room ( cut to close up of a great hand slapping down with tremendous impact on the buttock of a body asleep in bed . there be a howl of surprised pain as the body bolt upright and we pull back to reveal - ( henry , a flame torch in hand , loom over william marshal who be wide awake , naked to the waist in bed . henry be burst with energy , he eye bright . 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 int . 111 stone barrack room ( cut to henry , torch in hand , stride down a crude stone barrack room . sleep soldier in uniform lie on the floor . marshal follow henry along ) henry ( more a great bellow than a word ) hey - hey - hey . when int . int . int . int . int . int . ( General stir as soldier wake up ) the King be off he ass , nobody sleep . corridor ( cut to a squad of soldier , marshal in command , stride down a corridor . they halt beside a door . john' room ( cut to interior of the room . JOHN & a pathetic servant girl be in bed , cover up , naked . JOHN be asleep , he head on she breast . she be awake , pathetic eye stare sadly at nothing ) corridor ( cut to the corridor . marshal gesture a order . two soldier break rank , move to the door . marshal gesture again and the squad move down the corridor ) john' room ( cut to JOHN & the girl . she see something , gasp in fear as rough hand appear in the picture . the hand hurl back the blanket . JOHN be eye fly open . his scream of terror be cut off as a hand cover he mouth . geoffrey' room ( cut to geoffrey asleep . he start , eye open , all at once wide awake . soldier appear by he bed . he lick he lip , look at they , scared to death ) richard's room ( cut to richard , from the waist up . nake , dagger in hand , he stand crouching , press against a wall . 84 85 86 87 112 ( cut to four soldier , sword draw , from richard's Pov . marshal step from the shadow , join they . ( cut to richard as he drop he dagger . ) dungeon ( a heavy dungeon - like door be see in near darkness . it stand in a shallow recess along a dim stone corridor that curve concavely . hand appear , hurl the door open . ( richard , JOHN & geoffrey move stiffly through the door . marshal himself close and bolt it with considerable clanging of chain and lock . ( cut to richard , JOHN & geoffrey huddle in the dark , listen to the clanging ) ( cut to marshal as he hand key to a fierce , enormous soldier . as marshal and he men move off , the soldier take up he position in the recess . ( cut to richard , JOHN & geoffrey in the dark as they begin to peer about . ( cut to the place from they Pov . it be dark , all shadow , cavernous and vast but hard to make out . a faint gleam of light glow in the distance . ( cut to richard , JOHN & geoffrey as they start toward the light . ( cut to they as they reach the source of the light . they look around . they be in a large , dank vault room off which many corridor go . cask of wine line the wall of the room . they be in the wine cellar . candle burn . ( cut to they face , close up . each of they , in he own way be terribly afraid ) kitchen ( cut to henry as , with he torch , he stride into the vast kitchen of the castle . marshal follow after he . fire glow in fireplace . vassal lie asleep on the floor amidst carcass of beef and poultry and the day 's debris . henry stride among they , kick they awake ) 88 ext . o 89 90 91 92 int . 93 ext . 94 I 95 113 courtyard ( cut to henry , stride through the poultry yard outside , kick chicken , duck and geese awake . the chicken keeper , half asleep , stand listen to order from marshal . there be much honk and squawk ) ( cut to henry , close up , bend over coal at the smith be forge . his energy seem manic ; sweat pour off he face . he be look at a glow piece of metal , part of a suit of armor . the armorer bring he hammer crash down . ( cut to henry stride across the courtyard . all about he , shadowy figure be stir . men be push a heavy wagon . horse neigh . still with he torch , he pause , look up at a tower . ( cut to the tower from henry's Pov . he be look at a window ) eleanor's room ( cut to eleanor . she lie fully clothed on she bed , moonlight from the window strike the pillow near she head . she be wide awake , motionless . her eye stare unblink . her face look ravage . hubbub from the yard rise in pitch . slowly , she get up , cross to the window . she stand there , moonlight on she face , she face a mask , look out ) courtyard ( cut to the courtyard from eleanor's Pov . the actor , bleary from no sleep , be staggering about load up they prop and costume . the hubbub increase as more and more figure appear , scurrying about through the dimness and shadow . marshal move among they , busy supervise ) ( cut to servant busily pack silver plate and jewele goblet into travel case . henry , torch hold high , stand over they ) ( cut to servant push a great barrel up a incline into a wagon . henry be there , urging they on . more wagon appear . more servant , more soldier , more box and crate . from this crescendo of activity ~ ) 96 a ) 97 114 int . dungeon ( cut to the dim , grim silence of the wine cellar . we see rough , damp , drip stone wall in flicker light . we follow the wall down and , as we reach the floor , discover JOHN & richard . ( they be sit on the floor , a candle between they . behind they be a wine barrel . they be drink . as we pull back , we see geoffrey stand a bit apart from they ) JOHN what I say be we might as well be drunk . geoffrey ' if I be you , I would worry . JOHN you know I . I would only worry over all the wrong thing . richard the fortress at vaudreuil have dungeon down two hundred foot . if I be Father , that 's the place I would keep we . geoffrey and if I be Father , I be not sure I would keep the three of we at all . ( he crouch down beside they . to richard ) you do not take prisoner , no you do not . and with good reason . dungeon door can swing both way but casket have no hinge . JOHN I know you . you only want to frighten I . ( we see just they three face , pale and tense in the dark ) geoffrey John , the condition of you trousers , be they wet or dry , could not concern I less . I think I be apt to die today and I be sweat , John . I be sweat cold . ext . courtyard ( cut to henry be face close up . smudge , dirty , bath in sweat . we pull back to see he lurching across a section of courtyard , a heavy treasure chest on he shoulder . ( two soldier take it from he and hoist it onto a heavily armored wagon . henry straighten , look up at the sky . i i i 97 continue ( Dawn be about 45 minute away . the sky be lighten a little . he look up at eleanor be window ) 98 int . eleanor's room ( cut to eleanor at the window , as we see she last , look out ) 99 ext . courtyard ( cut to henry in the courtyard , see from above . the yard be a mass of wagon , horse , servant & soldier , torch . henry grin up at the window and blow a kiss . ( cut to eleanor as , with sudden decision , she leave the window and cross she room toward the door ) 100 ext . courtyard ( cut to henry stride across the courtyard towards the kitchen . he pause by the open shed where the baking oven be , sniff in the aroma of the morning 's bread and nod appreciatively ) 101 int . corridor ( cut to eleanor move along a corridor . the wall torch have long since gut out . the only light come from a small torch carry by the one - armed guard who follow at a polite distance ) 102 int . kitchen ( cut to henry stride from the courtyard into the kitchen . it be a scene of frenetic activity now . side of beef turn on spit over roaring fire . animal be slaughter in the kitchen at this time and in a corner , slaughtering be go on . vassal , clean the floor be sweeping offal and god know what into a open trench that cut across the floor . great kettle boil . there be steam and sweat . ( henry move briskly about , approve here , correct there . his spirit be frighteningly high ) oo 103 104 105 / 107 108 116 int . parlour ( cut to the parlor door from the inside as it open out . eleanor move through . the only light be the dim , distorting flicker of she guard be torch . he remain by the doorway as she move toward the Christmas tree . near it , she stop , eye bright , look thoughtfully at the present underneath the tree ) int . corridor ( cut to henry stride down a corridor . he reach a door , throw it open . henry , close up , look a little mad . his eye be red , he forehead dirty and drip with sweat . he be vibrate with nervous energy . cur int . alais ' room ( he cross the room , throw open a curtain . Dawn be half a hour off ; the light be dim and cold . he turn and look at - ( alais . dress as we see she last , she be curl up asleep in a chair . she start awake ) alais Henry ? what 's wrong ? henry ( move to she , into the picture ) we be pack up and move out . alais be there a war ? what 's happen ? ( he throw he arm around she in a great bear hug ) Henry , what 's the matter ? henry nothing , for a change . would you believe it ? alais where have you be all night ? henry out make we a entourage . NY 108 109 117 continue alais what for ? henry we be off to Rome to see the Pope . alais he 's excommunicate you again . henry he 's go to set I free . I be have Eleanor annull . the nation will be shocked to learn we marriage be not consummate . alais oh , be serious . henry I be . it seem that you and I be get marry . ( cut to alais . she can not believe it . then back to both of they ) by the Pope himself . alais you mean it ? henry shall I kneel ? alais it 's not another trick ? henry the bridal party 's drilling on the cobblestone . ( we follow alais as she run to the window ) ext . courtyard ( cut to the courtyard from alais' Pov . the havoc of the night take shape . wagon stand in some semblance of order . troops move about ) alais ( Voice over ) she still love you , Henry . 109 110 118 continue henry ( Voice over ) so she ' say . int . alais' room ( cut to alais as she leave the window , move to henry ) alais she will find a way to stop we . henry how ? she will not be here . we be launching she for salisbury Tower when the wind change . she will be barging down the River vienne by lunchtime . alais if she do not stop we , Richard will . henry not any more . I have cork he up . he 's in the cellar with he brother and the wine . the royal boy be aging with the royal port . you have not say yes . would you like a formal declara - tion ? ( he go to one knee , turn he profile to we ) there -- my finest angle ; it 's on all the coin . sad alais , will you marry I ? ( she look down at he lovingly ) be my Queen . ( she go down to he , melt in he arm . he kiss she cheek , she hand , she neck ) we will love each other and you will give I son . let 's have five -- we will do Eleanor one better . why , I will even call the first one Louis , if you like Louis le Premier : how 's that for a King of England ? ( they start to laugh . they try to kiss but both of they be laugh . gradually , as henry roar on , she laughter subside , then stop , all joy fade from she face ) alais Henry -- you can not ever let they out . — 110 119 continue henry ( laughter subside ) you have lose I . let who out ? alais you son . you have put they in the dungeon and you have get to keep they there forever . henry do I now ? alais if they be free when you die , it 's the dungeon or the nunnery for I . I do not care which -- a cell 's a cell -- but , Henry , what about the child . henry ( anger beginning , he get to he foot ) do not bother I about the child . the damn thing be not bear yet . ( cut to alais , close up , as she rise ) alais if they be free , they will kill it . I be the one who will live to see that . I will not live to see we child murder . ( cut to henry as he turn angrily to face she ) henry you do not make the ultimatum . I do . ( cut to alais as she bear down on he ) alais not this time . you either keep they down forever or you get yourself another widow . I do not want the job . henry my boy -- how can I ? alais that 's for you to face . henry you have no child . ( cut to alais close up ) a I tna a ett lt er stee tete th 110 120 continue alais and I never will . ( cut to henry close up ) henry but they be my son . ( cut to alais close up ) alais I hate you son . I be not the one who want a new line . if you want it that 's the price . ( cut to henry close up ) henry you will come to Rome if I say so . you will marry I if I say so . the boy go free if I say so . my term be the only term . ( sitting , energy ebbing , daze and spend ) the difficulty be , you see , the difficulty be , you be right . incredible , but I have child who would murder child . every time I have be to medea , I have think , " no ; the thing 's absurd . Fish eat they young , and fox ; but not we . " and yet she do it . ( he pull himself to he foot , start move heavily toward the door , pass alais as he go ) I imagine she be mad , do not you ? yes , mad she must have be . alais Henry ? ( near the door , he stop . she move to he ) be you go down ? ( he nod ) to let they out or keep they in ? henry could you say to a child of yours , " you have see the sunlight for the last time " ? alais can you do it , Henry ? 2 ae a ee 110 lil 112 113 114 115 116 continue henry ( with sudden anger as he turn and storm out of the room ) I shall have to , sha not I ? int . ext . int . int . ( cut to alais watch he go , both elate and aghast at what she have accomplish . she hesitates , then run out of the room after he ) great hall ( cut to henry storming through the great Hall . nobles in modest number be at the table eat . they rise and bow as henry move past they . acknowledge none of it , he stride straight on . courtyard ( cut to henry bound down the broad stone step to the courtyard . he pass the camera , move out of the picture as alais appear at the top of the step , hesitates again , then hurry after he . Dawn be 15 minute off . the light be stronger and the day be go to be clear ) ( the camera turn and we watch they move through the yard . the group of caroler wander blearily in the picture ; it 's a bit too early in the day for sing . we lose henry and alais as , for a moment , we follow the caroler along , leave they as we pick up on eleanor in a corner of the yard . she carry a biggish Christmas present which , have we time to view it closely , would look the least bit hastily rewrap . her guard follow along behind ) corridor ( cut to eleanor go down a flight of stone step move from daylight into gloom . her guard follow . ( cut to eleanor move down a dark twist corridor . she reach another flight of step , start down . her guard follow ) dungeon and corridor ( cut to the wine cellar door . the soldier stand by it in the recess , alert . we pull back , take in the curve of the corridor . eleanor round the curve , stop and draw back . [ 122 116 continue qo ) ( cut to eleanor in shadow . she turn to she guard . he be very close to she now . she nod . they exchange a look of understanding . the guard draw a short , blunt , heavy dagger and start stealthily forward . ( we see they all : eleanor tensely watch ; she guard edging forward , press along the curving wall ; the soldier in the recess , unaware but listen . , ( Eleanor 's guard stop just before the recess . he crouch , ready to leap . both he and the soldier wear armor from the waist up . the guard raise dagger . his armor squeak . ( the soldier spin at the sound . the guard leap . his knife flash down , glance harmlessly on the soldier be armor . ( they face each other in the confines of the recess . there be no room . they feint , armor make the move heavy and slow . the soldier lunge . his dagger slide and scrape along the - guard be armor , search for a point of entry . oo the only sound be natural one : grunt , heavy breathe , the clank and rattle of armor , the squeal of dagger point on steel . ( it 's all so clumsy . every move be graceless . nothing work . the wall keep get in the way . they wheeze and stumble . it be ludicrous -- and it be this that give the fight its special horror . ( Eleanor 's guard be throw clear of the recess . he ) lunge back . they fall , roll and clanking about i in the shadow niche . slow -move arm and ) thrashing leg . ! ( we pull back to include eleanor . she will herself to watch . there be a strangle cry . one ) pair of leg go into spasm . she go on watch as she guard rise , key to the door in hand . i ( cut to the wine cellar . JOHN , richard & geoffrey | be where we see they last . JOHN lie sprawle out , asleep . richard , apparently placid , lie start at nothing . geoffrey sit , tense , he face a picture of concentration . the tiny candle on the floor be gutter out . [ 123 116 continue o ( echoing down long corridor come the distinct rattle of chain and bolt on the cellar door . JOHN wake with a start . the other stiffen . ( cut to eleanor pass through the cellar door . her guard , now wear enough of the dead soldier be uniform to pass for a soldier himself , close the door and stand by it , guard - like . ( cut back to the boy . they exchange look as the sound of the close door reverberate and die . richard be the first to rise ) richard he 's here . ( the other get to they foot . there be nothing to say . richard start into a low , dark , twist corridor . the other follow . ( it be very dark . the corridor curve and curve . we follow as they twist along . ' ( softly , really to himself , richard mutter ) of he will get no satisfaction out of I . he be not go to see I beg . geoffrey why , you chivalric fool -- as if the way one fall down matter . richard when the fall be all there be , it matter . I ( we lose they as they go around a corner . | ( cut to the three of they crouching along . Far ahead of they , we make out a area of brighter ' light . ( cut to richard , the other just behind he , move into brighter light . he register surprise . ( cut to eleanor . she be stand in the center of the large room near the cellar door . several candle flicker on the wall . she carry the Christmas present ) eleanor C ) my barge be leave at eleven and I have come to say good - bye . 116 124 continue geoffrey do Henry know you be here ? eleanor I have bring you each a little something . geoffrey what 's he plan ? richard be he go to keep we here ? eleanor ( move toward a crude wooden table ) I pick they out especially . richard for God 's sake , mother -- ( she slam the package down on the table . it make a heavy , menace metallic clatter . ( cut to richard look at eleanor . ( cut to richard at the package , rip off the ribbon and the wrapping , revealing a beautifully make small chest . he throw it open . we see a clutter of blunt , heavy , brutal look dagger . ( cut to richard as he stride toward eleanor ) richard how heavy be the outside guard ? eleanor that 's take care of . richard what about the courtyard and the gate ? eleanor they be put Henry 's train together and it 's chaos . you can walk right out . richard ( move to JOHN & geoffrey ) we will go to Poitiers . he will expect that but we will meet he with a army when he come . keep close to I and when you run , run hard . c™ , a 116 continue geoffrey why run at all ? I think we ought to stay . JOHN stay here ? geoffrey ' til Henry come . ( he turn toward eleanor . cut to she . voice as -) he will come , will not he -- ( cut to geoffrey , turn back to he brother ) --- and he will come alone . I count three knife to one . richard you think we could ? JOHN I would only do it wrong . you kill he and I will watch . geoffrey the three of we together . we must all three do it . ( cut to eleanor as she move angrily to they ) eleanor do not listen to he . take the knife and run . geoffrey and miss this opportunity ? eleanor get out . geoffrey ( to richard ) I will be behind the door with John . you will want to do it from the back . ( he turn to eleanor ) and you , you lucky girl , you get to see the pageant . eleanor you do not think I be go to let this happen ? 116 126 continue geoffrey if you tell , there will be a rash of execution and you do not want that . if you do not want to lose a one of we : not even I . eleanor you be clever but I wonder if you be right . ( just eleanor & geoffrey now , close up ) geoffrey you warn he , it 's the end of we : you warn he not and it 's the end of he . it 's that clear . eleanor ( not very loud ) Guard . geoffrey go on , dear . call again and pitch it up a little . eleanor I will have he take the knife away . ( cut to richard ) richard and be the one to put we in vaudreuil , down two hundred foot ? ( cut to eleanor ) eleanor then run away ; escape . you have still get time . ( cut to richard ) richard no. geoffrey 's right ; we will stay . ( cut to eleanor as she move to richard ) eleanor you , too ? oh , Richard . richard oh , oh , oh . there 's nothing in you " oh 's " : they be empty . eleanor you be not a assassin . you be my Richard and you love I . richard let I kiss the nasty scratch and make it well . '' 116 127 continue eleanor yes , do . come let I hold you . richard you be more beautiful than ever . there be much that 's beautiful if when it 's absolutely pure . you be so foul you be fair . you stand look like a saint in pain when you bring we the knife to do you in . eleanor that 's not true . richard ( stride to the knife ) you do bring this thing . ( he pick one up , hold it out towards she ) you want he dead , you do it . ( cut to eleanor , close up . spit it at he ) eleanor you unnatural animal . ( cut to richard as he start move slowly toward eleanor . when he get close to she , she start edging away , back toward the dank stone wall . he follow , press she ) richard unnatural , mummy ? you tell I , what 's nature 's way ? if poison mushroom grow and baby come with crooked back , if goiter thrive and dog go mad and wife kill husband , what 's unnatural ? here stand you lamb . come cover he with kiss . he 's all yours . eleanor no , you be not mine . I be not responsible . richard where do you think I learn this from ? who do you think I study under ? how old be I when you fight with Henry first ? eleanor Young ... I do not know . richard how many battle do I watch ? 116 128 continue eleanor but that be battle , not a knife behind a door . richard I never hear a corpse ask how it get so cold . what be you think when you fight with he ? ( she be against the wall now , press to the damp stone . he keep move in until they face be inch apart ) eleanor of you . richard of you unnatural animal ? eleanor I do it all for you . richard you want Father dead . eleanor no , never that . richard you try to kill he , do not you ? eleanor yes ! richard why ?! what do you want ?! eleanor I want Henry back . ( it be a answer he cannot bear . he turn away , move out of the picture ) richard you lie . eleanor I want Henry . ( she look about , eye on she child . ( cut to richard , JOHN & geoffrey from eleanor's Pov . Voice over ) 116 continue eleanor ( cont ) be not there a chair ? ( we follow JOHN as he move to she and hand she a glass of wine ) JOHN here . ( eleanor take the wine , then reach out to touch he cheek . he draw away from she ) none of that . eleanor I have do without it this long . i'11l endure . ( she raise the glass and drink . ( cut to geoffrey as he move to richard ) geoffrey she will warn he . I be wrong . she will do it if she get the chance . ( cut to eleanor as , find the strength from somewhere she advance on they ) eleanor poor lamb ; you do not dare let I stay here and you do not dare let I out . dear I , whatever shall we do with mother ? geoffrey ( move into the picture . with deadly intent ) offhand , there be several possibility . ( the sound of chain and bolt be draw on the door be clearly hear . geoffrey freeze . ( cut to the door as Eleanor 's guard open it . we see henry be head only -- he face ashen , he eye unblink , fix straight ahead -- as he pass through the door . alais , hold a light taper , follow . ( cut to geoffrey who , recover , turn to richard . ( cut to richard , look toward geoffrey , ready to do the deed if geoffrey be . there be the sound of run . richard turn . o o 130 116 continue ( cut to JOHN racing across the room to the table where he slam the lid of the chest down . ( cut to the cellar door as it slowly open . henry appear , a load of large candle in he arm . alais stand behind he , carry a light taper . ( henry step into the room , look about . with a brisk nod , he announce - ) henry it want light . ( he begin move about the area , place candle in empty candlestick . alais follow , lighting they with she taper . he do not seem to see he son as he pass by they . they , however , be on wire , at . the brink , not quite sure how or when to make they move ) what we do in dungeon need the shade of day . I steal the candle from the chapel . no one minded . Jesus will not begrudge they and the chaplain work for I . ( he stop by eleanor ) eleanor you look dreadful . henry so do you . eleanor I underslept a little . henry ( we pull back , include they all , as henry deposit he last candle and step back to survey the effect ) we can all rest in a little while . that 's better . Bright and clear , just like the morning . ( his eye travel from son to son , meaning it ) Fine look boy . richard ( stride angrily into the picture ) what do you want from we ? you must be mad . why do you have to come here ? damn you , why would you come ? '' 116 continue 131 henry you be the best . ( indicating eleanor ) I tell she so . you -- you , ( to JOHN ) I love . richard you be go to lock we up . ( henry neither nod nor shake he head ) you have get to . you can not ever let I out ... you know you can not . I 'll. never stop . henry I can not stop either . brave boy . ( richard & henry stand , eye lock . richard turn sharply away , look toward - ( geoffrey , close up . he be white with tension . will he do it ? wo not he ? ( cut to JOHN close up . he 's terrify . ( cut to richard as he fly across the room toward the tray . ( cut to henry as he draw he dagger . ( cut to richard as he throw the chest open and grab a dagger . he look at - ( geoffrey . he have not move . nor be he go to . ( cut to JOHN . he be ready to cry . ( cut to henry as he stride toward richard . and chest ) henry that 's what I have get . ( at the chest , he pick up a dagger and toss it to geoffrey . and another which he toss to JOHN . ( cut to the son . from henry's Pov . they be spread out in a semi-circle . they have dagger in hand but none of they move . 132 116 continue ( cut to henry crouching , ready for they all , i want they all to come at he ) | i henry come on . what be it ? come for I ! } ( cut to a shot include they all . alais , stiff with fear , stand press against a wall . eleanor , she face a mask , only she eye alive , register no change as - ( henry start slowly move across the room toward richard . he stop near he , crouching , he dagger hold low , close , lethal . richard make no move ) what 's wrong ? you be Richard , be not you ? richard but you be Henry . ( cut to JOHN . he have back off into a corner ) JOHN daddy ? take I back ? please ? can not we try again ? ( cut to henry , try to take in the idea ) henry again ? ( cut to JOHN ) JOHN we always have before . ( cut to henry ) henry oh , yes ... we always have . ( cut to JOHN see from behind henry as , with a cry of joy , he drop he dagger and start run across the room to he father , arm outstretch . he skid to a stop and crumple to the floor as henry , with a terrible animal sound , start for he with he dagger . ( cut to JOHN from henry's Pov . he know he 's go to die . 116 133 continue ( cut to henry from john' Pov as henry , he face dreadful , go to one knee , crouching over he son , ready to shove the dagger into JOHN be vital . the man be absolutely go to do the deed ) eleanor ( Voice over , sharp and commanding ) go on . ( henry turn to look at she as she move into the picture ) execute they . they be assassin , be not they ? this be treason be not it ? you give they life -- you take it . ( they exchange a long look . then henry's eye leave she and travel to he son . ( cut to the son from henry's Pov . they be hardly breathe , save for JOHN who be whimper on the floor . ( cut to henry as he eye return to eleanor ) henry who 's to say it 's monstrous ? I be the King . I call it just . ( henry turn from she and , alone now , draw he great sword and strike a ritualistic , formal pose . his face shine with sweat and he eye be mad ) therefore , I , Henry , by the grace of God , King of the English , Lord of Scotland , Ireland and Wale . ( Voice over as we move from JOHN as he make little animal sound of fear to geoffrey who believe he 's do for but be still try to think of a way out to richard who be ready to die with dignity and style ) Count of anjou , Brittany , poutou and normandy , Maine , gascony and aquitaine , do sentence you to death . ( cut back to henry still in he pose ) done this Christmas Day in chinon in God 's year eleven eighty -three . ( as he lower he sword , we cut back to see they all . in a formal , measure way , henry move across the damp stone floor to richard . it seem a long walk . to 134 116 continue ) ( cut to henry & richard , close , as henry come to a stop before he . richard , eye unswervingly on he father , stand motionless . henry slowly raise he sword -- higher , higher -- ( with a howling cry , henry bring the sword whistle down , that edge against richard be shoulder . it make a sting slap - crack of a sound . ( richard stagger slightly , mask the pain as best he can , stare steadily at he father . { henry's face be bewilder , as if he have lose contact for a moment not know where he be or what he 's do . ( the moment hang suspend as the camera move to the other face . JOHN still whimper , unable to grasp what have happen . geoffrey , eye bright with anticipation , be still wait for the violence . eleanor be face tell we nothing at all . alais be fear change suddenly to concern as , with a little gasp , she step forward , then stop herself . she be look at - of ) ( henry as , spend and shattered , he sink slowly to the floor . he sit there see nothing ) henry surely that 's not what I intend . Children ... child be +e. they be all we have . ( unable to look at he son , he wave they from the room ) go on . I be do , I be do , I be finish with you . you and I be finish . never come again . ( we draw back to take in he son . geoffrey be the first to grasp what have happen . he give a short sharp nod and start into the shadow toward the cellar door . JOHN scurries after he . richard hesitates -- as if he have something to say but can not -- then follow they out the door . ( cut to eleanor ) eleanor you spare the rod , you will spoil that boy . oc ) ( cut to henry , huddle on the floor ) for i 116 continue henry I could not do it , Eleanor . ( cut to eleanor ) eleanor nobody think you could . ( cut to henry ) henry I do . ( cut to alais as she move to eleanor ) alais you save they . you maneuver it . eleanor do I ? alais they be free because of you . they will kill he one day ; you know that . eleanor the next time or the next . alais you always win , maman . eleanor ( her gaze shifting toward henry ) except the prize . ( cut to henry wearily get to he foot . alais move into the picture ) alais come rest . henry I want no woman in my life . alais you be tired . henry I could have conquer Europe , all of it , but I have woman in my life . 116 136 continue alais I will warm some wine . henry I have shot you world , you silly bitch , and there you stand , all honey and molass . sweet ? you make my tooth ache . ( and they be in each other 's arm . ( cut to eleanor . it be more than she can bear to look at ) eleanor that 's touch . be it for my benefit ? ( we see all three of they as henry whirl angrily at she ) : henry you benefit ? ( to alais , gruffly , not take he eye from eleanor ) get out . go on . go. ( alais move toward the door , out of the picture as henry , like a great cat , move to eleanor ) I should have kill you year ago . eleanor there 's no one peek . do it now . henry I have waste fortune , squander life , spend everything -- to buy this pit . ( he look at it . cut to the area from he Pov . Voice over ) I have get a eye for value . and I mean to do so much . ( cut to eleanor ) eleanor be this a play for pity ? ( cut to henry ) henry not from you . you put I here . you make I do mad thing . you have ble I . een ! i an 116 137 continue ( cut to both of they ) eleanor shoulder it yourself . do not put it on my back . you have do what you have do and no one but yourself have make you do it . pick it up and carry it , I can . my loss be my work . henry what loss ? I have be cheat , not you . I be the one with nothing . eleanor lose you life 's work , have you ? province be nothing . land be dirt . ( eleanor be face , close up ) I have lose you and I can not ever have you back again . ( cut back to both of they ) you have not suffer . I could take defeat like yours and laugh . I have do it . if you be break , it 's because you be brittle . ( cut to she face , close up ) you be all that I have ever love . Christ , you do not know what nothing . ( a shudder pass through she , like a stab of physical pain ) I want to die . ( cut to henry . initial doubt be follow by terrible dismay ) henry you do not . ( we pull back . she be double up by the intensity of it , scarcely able to stand ) eleanor I want to die . henry I will hold you . ( she shake she head , edge away ) do 116 138 continue henry ( cont ) it might help . eleanor { lack the strength to stand , sink to the floor ) I want to die . henry { go to one knee beside she ) let I do something , damn you . this be terrible . eleanor Henry , I want to die . henry you will , you know . wait long enough and it will happen . eleanor ( surprise by a smile she do not expect ) so it will . ( he take she hand . we start move away from they , farther and farther until , at the end , they be two little figure huddle on the cold floor of a great dark place ) henry we be in the cellar and you be go back to prison and my life be waste and we have lose each other and you be smile . eleanor it 's the way I register despair . there 's everything in life but hope . henry we have each other and for all I know , that 's what hope be . eleanor ( cut to she , close up ) we be jungle creature , Henry , and the dark be all around we . ( her eye range the room . ( cut to the room from she Pov . we see shadow , dark place , hint of movement as if great rat be stir . voice over ) 116 117 139 continue eleanor in the corner , you can see the eye . henry ( Voice over ) and they can see ours . ( cut to henry as he rise to he foot , a picture of enormous strength and majesty ) I be a match for anything . be not you ? ( cut to eleanor look up at he with the most profound affection ) eleanor I should have be a great fool not to love you . ( henry nod in brisk agreement , bend down , help she up . they start toward the cellar door ) ext . courtyard ( cut to henry & eleanor as they reach the top of the stair , emerge into the bright golden sunlight of the courtyard . the day be glorious . they pause for a moment , drink it in . then henry turn to she and say - ) henry come along ; I will see you to you ship . eleanor ( drawing back , not ready ) so soon ? henry there 's always Easter Court . eleanor you will let I out for Easter ? henry come the resurrection , you can strike I down again . eleanor ( alive again , ready for anything ) perhaps I will do it next time . oo 117 . continue and perhaps you will not . 140 henry eleanor it must be late and I do not want to miss the tide . 118 118x1 118x2 118x3 118x4 119 ext . MAIN gate I ( she sweep past he and out into the courtyard . henry move after she , quickly catch up . we follow they a moment , lose they among the man and wagon of Henry 's entourage . marshal , nearby , watch they disappear . ( as they slip from view , we take in the yard . the day be glorious and the air be full of noise -- livestock , poultry , man shouting , carol , church bell . everyone we see -- peasant work , soldier drilling , eat , roistering about -- be fill with vigor and life . ( a horse ride roughly through the mob , brutally hurl people aside . it 's richard . at the Main Gate , he stop , turn back , look long and hard at -- ( JOHN who be have trouble mount he horse in another part of the yard . once in the saddle , JOHN glare back at richard and , turn , send another glare at -- ( geoffrey who , in . another part of the yard , stand by he mount adjust he cloak . geoffrey break into a engage smile , toss JOHN a salute , turn away and toss another to -- ( philip who , look very regal and grand , be mount at the head of the orderly rank of he retinue . philip return a courtly nod , turn and nod again at -- ( richard who wheel away and gallop dashingly off as -- ( we pick up henry & eleanor emerge from the line of wagon near the Main Gate . they be talk : animatedly but there be too much noise and we be too far away to hear . ( cut to guard lining the drawbridge at the Main Gate . they snap to attention as henry & eleanor i move past they , then past the camera ) Sf Le 120 ext . 121 122 123 124 125 126 castle - river & jetty ( we turn , follow they , as they move down to the wharf , toward eleanor be ship . ( cut to henry & eleanor as they reach the bottom of the gangplank . they stop , face each other . she take he hand and , bow , kiss it . she start to turn away to mount the gangplank when henry say - ) henry you know , I hope we never die . eleanor I hope so , too . henry you think there 's any chance of it ? ( she smile , then start to laugh . he join she in the laughter . the music rise as we begin to pull back and we can not hear she reply . we can , however , see they talk as eleanor move to the deck of the ship and take up a position at the rail . ( cut to henry , wave , shouting toward the ship . ( cut to henry from eleanor's Pov . she be well out on the river and he stand on the wharf , the Main Gate of the castle behind he ) ( cut to alais , stand by the Main Gate , watch ) { cut to eleanor , still at the deck rail , watch ) ( cut to henry . he turn and look towards alais , then turn to the river and look towards eleanor . he throw he arm out in a gesture of animal vitality and joy ) : ( we rise higher and higher over chinon , never quit lose sight of alais walk by the gate . eleanor out on the water on she ship and henry , arm open to the world )