the dark knight rise written by Jonathan nolan &amp ; Christopher nolan Story by Christopher nolan &amp ; David S. goyer black screen . gordon ( v.o ) harvey dent be need . he be everything gotham have be cry out for . he be ... a hero . not the hero we deserve - the hero we need . nothing less than a knight , shine ... the sound of crack . splinter . a shape appear , in ice . the shape of a bat . the ice disintegrate ... ext . gotham STREET - day Gordon stand before a massive picture of harvey dent . gordon but I know harvey dent . I be ... he friend . and it will be a very long time before someone inspire we the way he do . Gordon , choke with emotion , gather the papers of he eulogy . I believe in harvey dent . and we fade to black . CUT to : Racing along a crater dirt road , and we be - int . land cruiser jostling over uneven terrain - day Three hood Men guard by East european militia . a third militia drive . next to he be a nervous , bespectacle man . ext . airstrip , eastern europe - day a airstrip overlook a grey city rock by artillery fire . a bland CIA operative , flanke by special force Men , stand in front of a commuter plane . CIA man watch the land cruiser pull up , hard . the militia Men jump out of the vehicle . the Driver shove the bespectacle man in front of the CIA man. 2 . CIA man Dr. pavel , I be CIA . Dr. pavel nod , nervous . CIA man hand the Driver a briefcase . driver he be not alone . CIA man , confuse , spot the hood Men . he turn to Dr. pavel . CIA man you do not get to bring friend . dr . pavel ( shaken ) they be not my friend . driver do not worry , no charge for they . CIA man why would I want they ? driver they be try to grab you prize . ( smile . ) they work for the mercenary . the mask man . CIA man ( excite ) bane ? the Driver nod . CIA man turn to he special force Men . CIA man get them on board - I will call it in . ext . skie over mountain range - day the commuter plane struggle over snow - cap mountain . int . MAIN cabin , commuter plane - continuous the three hood Men kneel by the cargo door , handcuff . CIA man grab hood man 1 . CIA man what be you do in the middle of my operation ? 3. hood man 1 say nothing . CIA man pull out a handgun . the flight plan I just file with the Agency list I , my man , and Dr. pavel here . but only one of you . CIA man open the cargo door . special force hang hood man 1 out into the howling wind - CIA man shout above the wind . CIA man first one to talk get to stay on my aircraft ! ( cock weapon . ) so ... who pay you to grab dr . pavel ?! nothing . CIA man fire out the open door and the special force yank hood man 1 back in , clubbing he quiet . CIA man he didn 't fly so good ! who want to try next ?! the Soldiers grab hood man 2 , hang he out the door . CIA man tell I about bane ! why doe he wear the mask ?! the prisoner say nothing . CIA man press the gun to the man 's hood - he cock the gun ... nothing . CIA man lot of loyalty for a hire gun ! third prisoner ( o.s. ) or he 's wonder why someone would shoot a man before throw he out of a aeroplane . CIA man turn to the third prisoner . shut the cargo door . CIA man wiseguy , huh ? at least you can talk . who be you ? third prisoner we be nothing . we be the dirt beneath you foot . and no one care who I be until I put on the mask ... CIA man , wary , approach the third prisoner - pull off he hood , revealing a dark mask with a breathe apparatus . the eye behind it be cold . still . this be bane . 4. bane who we be do not matter . what matter be we plan . CIA man ( fascinated ) if I pull this off , will you die ? bane it would be extremely painful . CIA man you be a big guy - bane for you . CIA man ( unnerved ) be be catch part of you plan ? bane of course . Dr. pavel refuse we offer in favor of yours . we have to know what he tell you about we . dr . pavel nothing ! I say nothing ! CIA man why not just ask he ? bane he would not have tell we . CIA man you have method . bane him , I need healthy . you present no such problem . CIA man laugh for the special force ' benefit . a heavy bass tone be rise . the sergeant look out the window . ext . skie over mountain range - continuous the commuter plane be dwarf by a massive transport plane loom over it , dangerously close ... 5 . int . MAIN cabin , commuter plane - continuous the plane lurch . the noise be building . sergeant Sir ? CIA man well congratulation , you get yourselves catch . what 's the next step of you master plan ? bane crash this plane ... ext . mountain - continuous the ramp of the transport open ... four man leap out on tether - drop towards the commuter plane , two each side ... int . MAIN cabin , commuter plane - continuous the spacial force react to the turbulence from the plane above . CIA man look at bane . bane ( rising ) with no survivor . a special force soldier spin around - a armed man be outside the window . bang - ext . skie over mountain range - continuous two man shoot through the window , the other two attach grapples to the fuselage - give the thumb up - hoist start to pull and the tail of the commuter plane be lift , unnaturally . int . cockpit , commuter plane - continuous the pilot battle the control as the plane tilt forward . 6 . int . MAIN cabin , commuter plane - continuous like lightning , bane have the CIA man be he handcuff arm , leg wrap around a seat back , the entire cabin upend . tumble chaos - Soldiers fall - bane crack CIA man' neck and drop he onto the sergeant - they tumble down the plane , smash into the cockpit door with a terminal thud . Dr. pavel , strapped in , push against the seat in front of he - the plane vibrate , try to tear itself apart . ext . atlas mountain - continuous the man climb the tail of the smaller plane as it dangle helplessly above the mountain . its wing shear off . int . MAIN cabin , commuter plane - continuous bane break he handcuffs as if they be plastic , then open he leg and drop down the cabin , somersault gracefully and use he arm to stop himself halfway down , by Dr. pavel . ext . skie over mountain range - continuous the man attach explosive to the tail , then jump away , swinging out as the tail explode . int . MAIN cabin , commuter plane - continuous a explosion take off the rear door of the cabin - the armed Men drop through the smoke on cable . a body bag be lower into the cabin . bane lie it on the seat back next to Dr. pavel and unzip it to reveal a body the same age and build as Dr. pavel . bane rip Dr. pavel 's sleeve - pull out a length of surgical tub - push a needle into Dr. pavel 's arm - run the tube to the body 's arm ... Dr. pavel watch , horrify , as bane start compression on the body 's chest , draw Dr. pavel 's blood across the tube and into the body ... a armed man pull hood man 1 up through the cabin and out . bane stop hood man 2. 7. bane friend . they expect one of we in the wreckage . the man nod , unhook himself , take bane 's arm . hooded man 2 have we start the fire ? bane ( nods ) the fire rise . hood man 2 hand bane he line . bane clip it around Dr. pavel , take out a knife and cut Dr. pavel 's seat belt . Dr. pavel panic , flail . bane take he arm . Gentle . bane calm , Doctor . now be not time for fear ... bane slide Dr. pavel out of he seat . they hang in the vertical , windblown cabin . bane take out a detonator . bane that come later . bane press the detonator - the cabin drop from around they , revealing the terrifying drop to the peak below . Dr. pavel scream as they be hoist up towards the transport , and we - CUT to : ext . gotham - evening drifting over the vast city ... mayor ( v.o . ) harvey dent Day may not be we oldest public holiday ... ... move past the enormous gotham Bridge ... mayor ( v.o . ) but we be here tonight because it 's one of the most important ... ...over the gotham river to the palisade on the far side ... 8. mayor ( v.o . ) harvey dent 's uncompromising stand against organize crime and , yes , ultimately , he sacrifice , have make gotham a safer place than it be at the time of he death , eight year ago ... ... find a party in the grounds of Wayne manor . the Mayor address the wealthy and powerful of gotham . mayor this city have see a historic turnaround . no city be without crime . but this city be without organize crime because the dent Act give law enforcement tooth in its fight against the mob . now people be talk about repealing the dent Act . and to they I say ... not on my watch . enthusiastic applause as the Mayor wrap up . I want to thank the Wayne Foundation for host this event . I be tell Mr. Wayne could not be here tonight , but I be sure he 's with we in spirit ... High above , on a darken balcony , a lone figure . watch . mayor ( o.s ) now I be go to give way to a important voice ... down below at the bar , commissioner Gordon examine some sheet of densely write paper . a Congressman muscle in . congressman commissioner . gordon Congressman . congressman ever lay eye on Wayne at one of this thing ? Gordon shake he head . Gordon 's deputy commissioner , foley , cut in . 9 . foley no one have . not in year . mayor ( o.s ) he can tell you about the bad old day , when the criminal and corrupt run this town with such a tight grasp that people put they faith in a murderous thug in a mask and a cape . a thug who show he true nature when he betrayed the trust of this great man - ( turn to picture of dent . ) and murder he in cold blood . the Congressman watch a tray of canapé breeze past , then grab the ass of the may carry they . she freeze . congressman sweetheart , not so fast with the chow . maid ( turn , tight smile ) shrimp ball ? the Congressman grab two . the maid move off . the Congressman glance down at Gordon 's papers . mayor ( o.s ) Jim Gordon can tell you the truth about harvey dent ... congressman Jesus , Gordon , be that you speech ? we be gonna be here all night . gordon maybe the truth about harvey be not so simple , Congressman . mayor ( o.s ) but I will let he tell you himself - commissioner Gordon ? applause . Gordon approach the mike . look down at he long speech . thinks . gordon the truth ...? insert CUT : harvey dent , face half destroy , threaten Gordon 's son with a handgun . 10 . Gordon survey the audience . decide . I have write a speech tell the truth about harvey dent ... Gordon fold up he speech . maybe the time be not right ... Gordon stuff the papers inside he jacket . the Congressman mutter under he breath . congressman thank Christ for that ... gordon maybe right now all you need to know be that there be a thousand inmate in blackgate prison as a direct result of the dent Act . this be violent criminal , essential cog in the organize crime machine that terrorize gotham for so long . maybe , for now , all I should say about harvey dent 's death be this ... it have not be for nothing . the figure on the balcony turn back into the mansion . people clap as Gordon leave the mike . Gordon approach foley . gordon the second shift report in ? foley on you desk . but you should put in some more time with the Mayor - gordon that 's you department . Gordon head for the line of town car in the gravel drive . congressman anyone show he the crime stat ? foley he go by he gut , and it continue to bother he , whatever the number . congressman must be popular with the wife . 11 . foley not really . she take the kid and move to Cleveland . congressman he will have plenty of time for visit . Mayor 's dump he in the spring . foley really ? he 's a hero . congressman War hero . this be peacetime . stay smart , the job 's yours . int . kitchen , wayne manor - moment later we maid dive into the bustle of Wayne manor below stair - caterer and Maids , wait staff . she overhear another maid . maid 2 they say he never leave the East wing . maid 3 I hear he have a accident - that he 's disfigure . the other Maids signal she to be quiet . all the chatter have die . Alfred have enter the kitchen . alfred Mr. till , why be you people use the main stair ? Alfred place a glass of water on a tray next to a cover plate . pick up the tray , look around the chaotic kitchen . alfred where 's Mrs. bolton ? maid she 's up at the bar , sir . can I help ? Alfred look at the maid . hand she a key and the tray . alfred the East draw room . unlock the door , place the tray on the table , lock the door again . nothing more . 12 . the maid nod . take the tray . int . hall , wayne manor - moment later follow the maid through the empty house . she come to the large oak door to the East wing . unlock it ... int . drawing room , east wing , wayne manor - continuous the room be dark , quiet . the maid place the tray on the table . she look at the inner door opposite . it be ajar ... int . hall , wayne manor - continuous Alfred talk to a elegant woman , thirty , miranda tate . alfred I be sorry , miss tate , but I have try . he will not see you . miranda it 's important , Mr. pennyworth . her accent be european . hard to place . alfred Mr. Wayne be as determine to ignore important thing as trivial one . male voice ( o.s. ) do not take it personally , miranda . they turn to see a man in he fifty . daggett . daggett everyone know Wayne 's hole up in there with eight - inch nail , pee into mason jar . ( to Alfred . ) good of you to let I on the grounds . alfred the dent Act be about all gotham . even you , Mr. daggett . miss tate , always a pleasure . Alfred turn and walk off . daggett smile , glib . 13 . daggett why waste you time talk to the man who throw away you investment on some save - the-world vanity project ? he can not help you get you money back . but I can . miranda I could try explain that a save - the-world project , vain or not , be worth invest in , whatever the return . I could try , Mr. daggett , but you understand only money and the power you think it busy , so why waste my time , indeed ? she walk away . daggett watch she go . int . drawing room , east wing , wayne manor - continuous Close on the dinner tray . we hear a labor step approach . Bruce Wayne appear , lean on a cane . gaunt . grey temple . he lift the lid of he dinner , then freeze , hearing something . he slowly limp into the next room ... int . sitting room , east wing , wayne manor , continuous the maid look at frame photograph of Rachel , Thomas and martha Wayne . some be half - burn . she notice a archery target , arrow stick in it . she reach out . wham ! a arrow stick into the target - the maid spin around , flustered . Wayne , at the other end of the long room , lower a composite bow . pick up he cane . maid I be , I be terribly sorry , Mr. Wayne . it be Mr. Wayne , be not it ? Wayne nod , gently . limp towards she . maid although you do not have the long nail ... ( nervous laugh . ) or facial scar ... she trail off , embarrassed . coy . she seem very young . wayne be that what they say about I ? 14 . maid it 's just that ... nobody see you ... Wayne approach slowly . he nod at she pearl necklace . wayne that 's a beautiful necklace . remind I of the one that belong to my mother . it can not be the same one - she pearl be in this safe - he reach out with he cane to press open a panel on the bureau , revealing a safe door ... - which the manufacturer clearly explain be uncrackable . ... which swing open with a awkward creak . maid oops . no one tell I it be uncrackable . the maid suddenly seem more confident . older . wayne I be afraid I can not let you take that . she smile at he . move towards he . maid look , you would not hit a woman any more than I would beat up a cripple . she kick he cane from under he , smashes he down . of course , sometimes exception have to be make . the maid vault onto the bureau and up to a high window . goodnight , Mr. Wayne . she flip backwards through the window . Wayne smile , then rock forward on he good leg and rise with athletic grace . he look at the safe , notice something . powder ... ext . drive , wayne manor - continuous move toward the line of town car , the maid pull off she white apron , cuff and collar , leave a black dress and pearl . a valet hurry to open a car door for she - she slip into a town car ... beside the Congressman . 15 . maid can I have a ride ? the Congressman , a little tipsy , look at she hungrily . congressman you read my mind . int . east wing , wayne manor - later Alfred enter , to find Wayne kneel at the safe . alfred miss tate be ask to see you again . wayne she 's very persistent . alfred and quite lovely , in case you be wonder . wayne I be not . alfred what be you do ? wayne examine print dust . we have be rob . alfred and this be you idea of raise the alarm ? wayne ( shrug ) she take the pearl . track device and all . alfred she ? wayne one of the maid , perhaps you should stop let they in this side of the house . 16 . alfred perhaps you should learn to make you own bed , then . why be you dusting for print ? wayne I be not . she be . ext . rooftop , major crime unit - continuous Gordon bring a stack of file against the air duct , settles to read . next to he be a rusty , break searchlight . young voice ( o.s. ) Sir ? a young cop be stand there . this be blake . blake I do not want to bother you up here , but they be look for you . gordon what 's the problem , son ? blake Congressman gilly 's wife 's be call . he have not make it home from the Wayne Foundation event . gordon that 's a job for the police ? blake Sir , I have be a cop for a year and I have only logge half a dozen arrest . when you and dent clean the street you clean them good . pretty soon we will be chase overdue library book . Gordon smile at this . blake look at he stack of file . blake but here you be . like we be still at war ... gordon Old habit . 17 . blake or instinct . gordon what 's you name , son ? blake blake , sir . gordon you have something you want to ask I , Officer blake ? blake it 's that night . this night , eight year ago . the night dent die . gordon what about it ? blake the last confirm sighting of the batman . he murder that people , take out two swat team , break dent 's neck ... then just vanish ? gordon I be not hearing a question , son . blake shift uneasily . then look at Gordon . blake do not you want to know who we be ? Gordon turn to look at the break searchlight . he brushes he finger across its rusted shell . gordon I know exactly who he be . ( turn to blake . ) he be batman . Gordon walk past blake , head for the stair . gordon ( o.s. ) let 's go see about the Congressman 's wife ... 18 . int . east wing , wayne manor - morning Alfred take he tray into the bedroom . the bed be empty . alfred master Wayne ? Alfred 's voice echoe through the vast mansion . no reply . int . study , wayne manor - moment later Alfred hit three note on the piano . the bookcase open . int . elevator shaft - continuous Alfred descend into the cavern beneath Wayne manor . int . batcave - continuous Alfred walk through the arch as the stone floor start to lower , become a ramp . at the bottom , Alfred be level with a series of dark slate obelisk - a bridge over the water to where Wayne sit at a computer atop a massive slate cube . alfred you have not be down here in a long time ... wayne just try to find out more about we jewel thief . I run she print from the photo she handle - Wayne pull up a mug shot - a fat , male armed - robbery suspect . - but she be wear someone else 's fingerprint . she 's good . alfred she may be . but we have the trace on the necklace . wayne we do , so I cross- reference the address she go back to with police data on high - end b-and -e' ... Wayne hit a key . a photograph of the maid appear . selina Kyle . the database be full of close call , tip from fence ... 19 . newspaper headline appear - the cat strike again , police suspect ' cat ' burglar in jewel heist . wayne she 's good , but the ground be shrink beneath she foot . alfred we should send the police before she fence the pearl . wayne she will not . she like they too much . and they be not what she be after . alfred what be she after ? wayne my fingerprint . there be printer toner mix with graphite on the safe . give you a good pull , and it 's untraceable . alfred fascinating . maybe you should exchange note over coffee . wayne now you be try to set I up with a jewel thief ? alfred at this point , sir , I would set you up with a chimpanzee if I think it would bring you back into the world . wayne there 's nothing out there for I . alfred and that 's the problem . you hang up the cape and cowl , but never move on . you will not get out there and find a life . find someone - wayne ( bitter ) I do find someone , Alfred . 20 . alfred I know . and then you lose they . that 's part of live , sir . but you be not live - you be wait . hope for thing to go bad again . Wayne say nothing . remember when you leave gotham ? before all this . before batman . Seven year you be go . Seven year I wait . hope that you would not come back . Wayne look at Alfred . not understanding . every year I take my holiday . I would go to Florence . there 's a café by the arno ... any fine evening I would sit there and order a fernet branca ... insert CUT : Alfred seat in a café sip he drink ... I have a fantasy . I like to imagine that one day I would look across the table , and see you . sitting there with you wife . perhaps some kid . you would not say anything to I , or I to you , but we would both know ... that you would make it . that you be happy . insert CUT : Alfred spot a couple at another table and look closer , hopeful . but they be stranger . I never want you to come back to gotham . I know there be nothing there for you but pain and tragedy , and I want more for you than that . I still do . Alfred leave Wayne to he cave . his bat . ext . water treatment facility - day blake and he partner , Ross , get out of they patrol car . a dwp man lead they down a long concrete trough . dwp man they wash up a couple time a month . more when in get colder - homeless shelter in the tunnel . we have to pull he to clear the basin , but other than that we do not touch he ... 21 . they come out by the catchment basin . above the grille lie a body - a teenage boy . blake look down at he . freezes . ross what ? blake name 's Jimmy . he 's at St. swithin' . ( off look . ) the boy home where I ... I coach some ball . ext . ST . swithin be home for boy - day blake look up at the shabby building . int . ST . swithin be home for boy - moment later blake be talk to Father Reilly . father reilly Jimmy have not be here for month . blake why ? father reilly you know why , blake - he age out . we do not have the resource to keep boy on after sixteen - blake the Wayne Foundation give money for that - father reilly not for two year now . blake he have a brother here , right ? father reilly Mark . I will tell he . blake I would like to , if that 's okay . 22. ext . playground , ST . swithin be - moment later Father Reilly watch as blake sit with Mark - ten . blake I be sorry . Mark nod slowly . stare straight ahead . blake what be he do in the tunnel ? MARK lot of guy be go down the tunnel when they age out . say you can live down there . say there 's work down there . blake what kind of work be you gonna find in the sewer ? MARK more than you can find up here , I guess . blake consider this . Troubled . int . dive bar - night selina Kyle , in a little black dress , walk in with a drunk in a Hawaiian shirt . she sit he on a bar stool - walk over to a table where a neatly dress man , stryver , sit . stryver you bring a date ? selina I like have someone around to open door for I . selina glance around . thing scattered throughout the bar . jumpy . selina hand a envelope to stryver . selina right hand . no partial . stryver slide a transparency out of the envelope . hold it up to the light . four perfect fingerprint transfer . 23. stryver very nice . he pocket the envelope . selina not so fast , handsome . you get something for I ? stryver oh , yes . stryver signal a thug who lock the door . another thug join they at the table . selina smile . selina I do not know what you be go to do with Mr. Wayne 's print ... but I be guess you will need he thumb . as stryver check the envelope again - selina you do not count so good , huh ? stryver I count fine . the second thug put a gun to selina 's head . stryver in fact , I be count to ten right now ... selina look in he eye . the thug cock he gun . she blink . selina okay , okay - she reach for she purse . the thug stop she , reach in himself - pull out a cellphone . slide it across the table . selina my friend be wait outside . just hit ' send ' ... stryver look at the phone . Hit ' send ' . selina size up she option . a knock on the door . second thug hide he gun . the door open - a young woman , Jen . she enter , cheerful , spot selina . pull out a envelope , look around . 24 . jen place be a little dead . selina ( take envelope , tense ) it will live up in a minute , trust I . jen everything okay ? selina great . catch you later . Jen leave . stryver check the envelope . satisfied . selina it would have be a lot easier to just give I what we agree . stryver we can not have loose end . and even in that dress , no one 's go to miss you . selina no . but my friend over there ...? stryver look at selina 's ' date ' drool into a bowl of nut at the bar - he look familiar ... selina every cop in the city 's miss he . across the bar , the tv on mute - manhunt for missing congressman . stryver look at selina . stryver cute . but they be not gonna be look in a place like this . selina I do not know ... you do just use he cell phone . stryver glance down at the cell phone as - screech - the thug look out the window at cop car and swat unit descend on the bar . stryver glance at the window and - smash - selina crack he head against the table , grab 25 . second thug 's gun hand , flip over the table , fire at the other thug , who drop . the swat batter down the door . selina crouch , cower , scream . swat it 's alright , miss . just stay down - the swat barrel past , chase the remain thug back through the bar and out into the back alley . selina smile . ext . alley behind bar - continuous the thug turn and open up on the swat with automatic weapon . int . dive bar - continuous selina move to the door . spot the Congressman under the bar , clutching he bleed leg . selina keep some pressure on that , sweetheart . she adjust she dress in the break mirror behind the bar . move for the door . congressman ( weak ) call I ? ext . dive bar - continuous selina waltze out - right into blake . she feign panic . selina there 's a man in there - he 's bleed ! blake it 's okay , miss . it 's okay . blake help selina down onto the tailgate of a swat truck . he head into the bar , weapon draw . selina slip behind the truck and into the night . 26 . int . dive bar - continuous blake enter , gun draw . spot the Congressman . blake ( into radio ) I have get the Congressman - bullet to the leg , but he 's okay . ext . alley behind bar - continuous the swat return fire . the thug lay down cover fire , then race around a corner into a smaller passage . a cop car pull up , block the mouth of the alley - Gordon jump out , gun draw . the swat approach the passage , mass on both corner tactically . the two corner swat exchange hand signal , count down ... they round the corner , aim low and high . the passage be empty . the swat cover a fire escape , but Gordon spot at once - gordon manhole ! he race to the manhole cover - swat wrench off the cover , Gordon grab a flashlight from the nearest swat . gordon you three , down with I . you two , head down to cover the next exit - swat where -? gordon get the dwp down here , now ! Gordon start climb down the ladder ... int . sewer - continuous Gordon move down the tunnel , flashlight low . Three swat fall in behind ... 27 . ext . alley behind bar - continuous blake come into the alley . cop surround the manhole . cop where 's the dwp guy ? blake they go down there ? foley ( shaking he head ) and Gordon take swat in after they . int . sewer - continuous Gordon hear a noise up ahead - push forward , round the corner . bang ! gunfire . swat return fire , shot sparking off the concrete wall , then - boom - behind he the tunnel erupt in FIRE , blast the swat . Gordon race forward , tear through the tunnel . ext . alley behind bar - continuous blake jump back as a fireball burst out of the manhole . int . sewer - continuous Gordon race around a corner , gun draw . a noise make he turn - whack , he be clobbere from behind by a thug . ext . alley behind bar - continuous blake push forward . blake come on , we gotta get down there - cop that be a gas explosion , kid - blake Gas ? this be a sewer ! foley no one go in there till we know what 's down there . 28 . blake we know what 's down there , sir . the Police commissioner ! foley somebody get the hothead out of here . and get I a dwp guy ! blake back off . get a idea - go for he patrol car . int . sewer - continuous thug 1 flip Gordon onto he back . thug 1 this one 's alive . ( look closer . ) Jesus . it 's the Police commissioner . thug 2 what do we do ? thug 1 take he to bane . the two thug drag Gordon down through the maze of tunnel . as they descend deeper they encounter work crew of muscular man wield large drill and jackhammer , work the wall and ceiling of the larger tunnel . some of the man be armed mercenary , oversee gang of homeless street kid . they stare as Gordon be drag past . the thug drag Gordon between two waterfall , into - int . bane's lair , sewer - continuous ( night ) they approach a figure , turn away , crouch in the firelight . bare - chest , muscular , mask . bane . a crooked line of scar tissue run the length of he spine ... bane why be you here ? the thug drop Gordon at bane 's foot . thug 1 answer he ! bane slowly turn to the thug . 29 . bane I be ask you . thug 1 it 's the Police commissioner . bane and you bring he down here ? thug 2 we do not know what to do . we - bane you panicked . and you weakness cost three life . thug 1 no , he 's alone - bane flip the thug 's chin up and to the side with a crack . thug 1 drop . bane turn to thug 2. bane search he . then I will kill you . the thug , terrify , pull out Gordon 's badge , wallet , gun ... and the fold papers of the speech he do not read . bane take this one by one with quick glance . he stop at the papers . unfold they ... as he read , Gordon roll off the step , drop into the rush flow of water - gunshot ring out ... thug 2 he 's dead . thug 2 trail off as bane look up from the papers ... bane then show I he body . thug 2 that water run to any one of the outflow - we would never find he . bane turn to the lead mercenary . bane give I you gps . lead mercenary hand he a gps - bane tuck it into thug 2's jacket , zip it up like a mother send she kid to school . 30 . bane follow he . thug 2 follow he ? bane shoot thug 2 , kick he into the water . turn to lead mercenary . bane track he . make sure both body will not be find . then brick up the south tunnel . ext . water treatment facility - night blake come out to the catchment basin . he spot something stick up against the grille , thrust he hand into the raging water - Gordon be there , alive . just . blake pull he up onto the concrete , hoist he up , hurry ... int . front hall , wayne manor - day Alfred open the door to reveal blake in he dirty uniform . blake I need to see Bruce Wayne . alfred I be sorry , Mr. Wayne do not take unschedule call . even from police officer . blake and if I go get a warrant , in the investigation of harvey dent 's murder ? would that still count as unschedule ? int . study , wayne manor - moment later blake be sit , drum he leg , nervous . Wayne enter . wayne what can I do for you , officer ? blake commissioner Gordon 's be shot . 31 . wayne I be sorry to hear that - blake he chase a gunman down into the sewer . when I pull he out he be babbling about a underground army . a mask man call ' bane ' . wayne should not you be tell this to you superior officer ? blake I do . one of they ask if he see any giant alligator down there . he need you . he need the batman . wayne if commissioner Gordon think I be the batman he must be in a bad way - blake he do not know or care who you be . ( off look . ) but we have meet before . when I be a kid . at the orphanage . see , my mom die when I be small . car accident , I do not really remember it . but a couple of year later my dad be shot over a gambling debt . I remember that just fine . ( look at Wayne . ) not a lot of people who know what it feel like , do they ? to be angry . in you bone . people understand , foster parent understand . for a while . then they expect the angry kid to do what he know he can never do . to move on . to forget . Wayne stare at blake . blake so they stop understanding and send the angry kid to a boy ' home - St. swithin' . use to be fund by the Wayne Foundation . see , I figure it out too late . you have to hide the anger . practice smile in the mirror . like put on a mask . you show up one day in a cool car , pretty girl on you arm . ( more ) 32 . blake ( cont 'd ) we be so excited - Bruce Wayne , billionaire orphan . we make up storey about you . legends . the other boy ' storey be just that . but when I see you I know who you really be ... ( beat . ) I would see that look on you face . same one I teach myself . blake get up to leave . Wayne be lose in think . blake I do not know why you take the fall for dent 's murder , but I be still a believer in the batman . even if you be not . wayne why do you say you boy ' home use to be fund by the Wayne Foundation ? blake because the money stop . might be time to get some fresh air and start pay attention to the detail . some of that detail might need you help . int . hall , wayne manor - moment later Wayne and Alfred watch blake drive away . wayne you check that name ? ' bane ' - alfred ran it through some database . he 's a mercenary . no other know name . never be see or photograph without a mask . he and he man be behind a coup in West Africa that secure mining operation for we friend John daggett . wayne now daggett 's bring they here ? alfred it would seem so . I will keep digging . 33. Alfred turn to leave . wayne why do the Wayne Foundation stop funding boy ' home in the city ? alfred the Foundation be fund from the profit of Wayne enterprise ... ( off look . ) there have to be some . wayne time to talk to Mr. Fox , I think . alfred I will get he on the phone - wayne no . do we still have any car around the place ? alfred ( light up ) one or two . wayne and I need a appointment at the hospital . about my leg . alfred which hospital , sir ? wayne whichever one Jim Gordon 's in . Alfred be less excited by this part of the request . ext . wayne enterprise - day move towards the tall skyscraper downtown . miranda ( v.o . ) Mr. Fox , I believe in what Mr. Wayne be try to do ... int . boardroom , wayne enterprise - continuous miranda be talk to lucius Fox at the table . 34 . miranda I be only ask for explanation because I think I can help . fox I will pass along you request . next time I see he . miranda catch something in this . miranda he do not talk to you either ? fox let 's just say that Bruce Wayne have he ... eccentricity . miranda ( rising ) Mr. Fox , be you aware that John daggett be try to acquire share in Wayne enterprise ? fox I be not . but it would not do he any good - Mr. Wayne still retain a clear majority . miranda leave . Fox move into he office - stop . fox Bruce Wayne . as I live and breathe . Wayne rise , push hard on he cane . fox what bring you out of cryo-sleep Mr. Wayne ? wayne I see you have not lose you sense of humor ... even if you have lose most of my money . fox actually , you do that yourself . see , if you funnel the entire R and D budget for five year into a fusion project that you then mothball , you company be unlikely to thrive . 35 . wayne even with - fox a wildly sophisticated ceo , yes . Wayne enterprise be run out of time . and daggett be move in . wayne what be my option ? fox if you be not willing to turn you machine on - wayne I can not , lucius . fox then sit tight . you majority keep daggett at arm 's length while we figure out a future for the energy program with miranda tate - she 's support you project all the way . she 's smart , and quite lovely . wayne you too , lucius ? fox we all just want what 's best for you , Bruce . show she the machine . wayne I will think it over . fox anything else ? wayne no , why ? fox this conversation always use to end with some ... unusual request . wayne I retire . fox let I show you some stuff , anyway . Fox hit a button - the bookcase open into a hide elevator . 36 . int . applied science - moment later Fox lead Wayne into the vast , gadget - fill space . they pass tumbler with different weapon configuration ... wayne I figure you would have shut this place down . fox it be always shut down , officially . wayne but all this new stuff ? fox after you father die , Wayne enterprise set up fourteen different defense subsidiary . I have spend year shuttering they and consolidate all the prototype under one roof . my roof . wayne why ? fox stop they fall into the wrong hand . besides , I think someone might get some use out of they ... Wayne shake he head . fox sure I can not tempt you to something ? pneumatic crampon ? infrare lense ? least let I get you something for that leg . wayne it 's fine the use it get this day . fox well , then I have just the thing for a eccentric billionaire who do not like to walk ... Fox open a door - we glimpse a sleek vehicle . Wayne 's eye light up . 37 . wayne now you be just show off . fox Defense Department project for tight - geometry urban pacification . rotor configure for maneuver between building without recirculation . wayne what 's it call ? fox it have a long and uninteresting Wayne enterprise designation . so I take to call it the bat . and yes , Mr. Wayne , it do come in black . Wayne touch its sleek side . marveling . fox Works great except for the autopilot . wayne what 's wrong with that ? fox Software - base instability . take a better mind than mine to fix it . wayne better mind ? fox I be try to be modest . a less busy mind . your , perhaps . Wayne look wistfully at the machine . turn away . wayne I tell you . I retire , lucius . int . examination room , gotham general hospital - night Wayne listen , distract , while a Doctor examine a x-ray . doctor I have see worse cartilage in knee - 38 . wayne that 's good - doctor no , that 's because there be no cartilage in you knee . and not much of any use in you elbow and shoulder . between that and the scar tissue on you kidney , residual concussive damage to you brain tissue and general scar - over quality of you body ... ( take a deep breath . ) I can not recommend that you go heli-skiing . about the only part of you body that look healthy be you liver , so if you be bored I recommend you take up drink , Mr. Wayne . Wayne smile . the Doctor leave . Wayne pull on a ski mask , step to the window , hop up , pull a wire from he cane , which he clip to he belt . he prop he cane behind the frame - jump out . the wire unspool from the cane as - ext . tenth floor , gotham general hospital - continuous Wayne drop three floor ... int . private room , gotham general - continuous Gordon lie in he bed , hook up to machine . Wayne , in ski mask , stand over he . Gordon 's eye flutter open . he try to speak with a weak , hoarse voice ... gordon we be in this together . then you be go ... wayne the batman be not need anymore . we win . gordon built on a lie . we lie . now there 's evil rise from where we try to bury it . nobody will listen ... the batman have to come back . 39 . wayne what if he do not exist anymore ? gordon he must . he must . int . / ext . lamborghini on gotham street - night Wayne pull up in front of a row of shabby subdivide town house . check a tracking device . jon , provocatively dress , lead a yuppie banker - type in through a front door . int . selina's apartment - continuous selina sit in a small room get ready to go out . she pick up the pearl - hear a disturbance in the hall . jen ( o.s. ) I tell you - money first - yuppie ( o.s. ) goddammit , you take my wallet ! int . stairwell outside selina's apartment - continuous the yuppie have Jen against the wall - he reach back to hit she with a expensive wristwatch - clad arm . but selina have grab he wrist with a powerful grip . selina get out . yuppie she take my wallet ! selina twist he arm behind he in a blind move . selina now . she release the yuppie , who move off down the stair . selina turn to Jen . who be examine a wallet . selina I tell you not to try it with the asshole , Jen . jen they be all asshole . 40 . selina okay , the asshole who hit . jen I do not know what he 's so upset about , he only have sixty buck in here . selina probably the watch . young woman watch ? selina open she hand and give Jen the yuppie 's rolex . ext . selina's build , old town , gotham - later selina exit and hail a cab . Wayne watch she go . then pull out . check he tracker . ext . museum , gotham - later town car dispense gotham society in tasteful masquerade . Wayne pull up to the valet . paparazzi line the entrance . Wayne use he cane to get out of he lamborghini ... paparazzi another stiff too old to climb out of he sport car . paparazzi 2 no , that 's Bruce Wayne ! hey , Wayne , where you be hide ? lense swing onto Wayne , who push a button on he key fob - a pulse . the camera die . Wayne head to the door . wayne I be not sure if my assistant put I on the guest list - greeter right through here , Mr. Wayne ... 41 . int . museum - continuous a lavish ball - the expressively attire dance under fall confetti ... even Bruce Wayne be strike by the ostentation . he spot selina dance with a deeply smitten Rich twit . she wear a small , velvet pair of cat ear . and the pearl . miranda ( o.s ) Bruce Wayne at a charity ball ? Wayne turn to find miranda tate , amaze , a small mask she only concession to fancy dress . wayne miss tate , be not it ? miranda even before you become a recluse , you never come to this thing ... wayne true . proceed go to the big fat spread , not the cause . it 's not about charity , it 's about feed the ego of whichever society hag laid it on . miranda actually , this be my party , Mr. Wayne . wayne oh. miranda and the proceed will go where they should , because I pay for the big fat spread myself . wayne that 's very generous of you . miranda you have to invest to restore balance to the world . take we clean -energy project ... wayne sometimes the investment do not pay off . sorry . 42 . miranda you have a practice apathy , Mr. Wayne . but a man who do not care about the world do not spend half he fortune on a plan to save it ... ( Gentle . ) and be not so wounded when it fail that he go into hide ... Wayne look at miranda . intrigue . miranda have a good evening , Mr. Wayne . Wayne watch miranda glide away . then turn to selina . wayne mind if I cut in ? Rich twit turn , annoyed - Wayne hand he he cane . take selina by the waist . she glare at he . wayne you do not seem very happy to see I . selina you be suppose to be a shut - in . wayne felt like some fresh air . selina why do not you call the police ? wayne I have a powerful friend who deal with this kind of thing . ( admire she cat ear . ) brazen costume for a cat burglar . selina yeah ? who be you pretend to be ? wayne Bruce Wayne , eccentric billionaire . who 's you date ? selina his wife 's in ibiza . she leave she diamond behind , though . worried they would get steal . 43. wayne it 's pronounce ' ibeetha ' . you would not want this folk realize you be a crook not a social climber . selina ( flash of anger ) you think I care what anyone in this room think about I ? wayne I doubt you care what anyone in this room think about you . selina do not condescend , Mr. Wayne . you do not know a thing about I . wayne well , selina Kyle , I know you come here from you walk - up in Old town - modest place for a master jewel thief . which mean either you be save for you retirement - or you be in deep with the wrong people . selina you do not get to judge I because you be bear in the master bedroom of Wayne manor . wayne actually , I be bear in the Regency room . selina I start off do what I have to . once you have do what you have to they will never let you do what you want to . wayne start fresh . selina there 's no fresh start in today 's world . any twelve - year- old with a cell phone could find out what you do . everything we do be collate and quantify . everything stick . we be the sum of we mistake . 44 . wayne or we achievement . selina the mistake stick better . trust I . wayne you think that justify steal ? selina I take what I need to from that who have more than enough . I do not stand on the shoulder of people with less . wayne Robin Hood ? selina I would do more to help someone than most of the people in this room . than you . wayne maybe you be assume too much . selina or maybe you be be unrealistic about what 's really in you pants other than you wallet . wayne ouch . selina you think all this can last ? Wayne glance around at the sumptuous party . selina there 's a storm come , Mr. Wayne . you and you friend better batten down the hatches , because when it hit you be all gonna wonder how you ever think you could live so large and leave so little to the rest of we . wayne sound like you be look forward to it . 45 . selina I be adaptable . wayne this pearl do look better on you then they do in my safe ... Wayne roll she into he shoulder - reach up to the back of she neck , unclasp the necklace . but I still can not let you keep they . the pearl slide off she neck into he other hand . selina look at he . angry . then kiss he , hard , and disappear into the crowd . Wayne 's cane reappear . rich twit ( annoyed ) you scared she off . wayne not likely . ext . museum - moment later Wayne approach the valet . pat down he pocket . wayne I must have lose my ticket - valet you wife say you be take a cab home , sir . wayne my wife ? int . / ext . lamborghini racing down street - continuous selina permit herself a little smile as she gun the engine . int . roll royce - later Alfred watch in the mirror as Wayne climb into the back . alfred just you , sir ? Wayne give he a wither glare . ( more ) 46 . alfred ( cont 'd ) do not worry , master Wayne . take a little time to get back into the swing of thing . Wayne dial he phone . fox ( o.s. ) this be Fox . wayne remember that ' unusual request ' I use to make ? fox ( o.s. ) I know it ! up front , Alfred listen . concerned . int . batcave - day Wayne push a button on a hi-tech carbon fiber brace strapped to he good knee - the brace tone . as Wayne start move he knee , bend , stretch , Alfred put down a thermos . alfred you have get the wrong leg , sir . wayne you start with the good limb so it learn you optimum muscle pattern . Wayne swap the brace to he bad knee . put he weight on it - the knee bend , kick . he sit again . cautious . now we tighten it up . Wayne gingerly push a button - the brace start to shrink tight to he leg , digging in . Wayne grit he tooth . alfred it be terribly painful ? wayne ( gritted teeth ) you be welcome to try it , Alfred . alfred happy watch , thank you , sir . Wayne shout as the brace click home . he get to he foot . 47 . wayne not bad - Wayne execute a perfect roundhouse , knock out a brick . not bad at all . Alfred pick up the brick . consider it . uneasy . he follow Wayne across the bridge to the cube . alfred master Wayne , if you be consider go back out there you need to hear some rumor surround bane . wayne I be all ear . alfred there be a prison . in a more ancient part of the world . a pit . where man be throw to suffer and die . but sometimes , a man rise from the darkness . sometimes ... the pit send something back . wayne bane . alfred bear and raise in a hell on earth . wayne bear in a prison ? alfred no one know why . or how he escape . but they know who train he one he do ... r¯ 's al gh¯l . you a U mentor . Wayne take this in . shock . alfred he pluck bane from a dark corner of the earth and train he in the blackest discipline of combat , deception and endurance . just like you . wayne bane be a member of the League of shadows . 48 . alfred until he be excommunicate . and a man consider too extreme for r¯ 's a al gh¯l be not to be trifle with . U wayne I do not realize I be know for trifling with criminal . alfred that be then . and you can strap up you leg and put the mask back on . but it will not make you what you be . wayne which be ? alfred someone whose anger at death make he value all life . even he own . wayne if this man be all the thing you say he be , then this city need I . the batsuit emerge from the cube . alfred yes , this city need Bruce Wayne . you resource , you knowledge ... not you body . not you life . that time have pass . wayne I try help as Bruce Wayne , Alfred . and I fail . alfred you can fail as Bruce Wayne . as batman , you can not afford to . wayne that 's what you be afraid of - that if I go back out there I will fail . alfred no . I be afraid that you want to . Wayne look at Alfred . then turn to examine the batsuit . 49 . int . stock exchange - evening a frenzy of trading on the pack floor ... two Traders sit on a shoeshine stand in the lobby . trader 2 you can not short the stock because Bruce Wayne go to a party - trader 1 Wayne come back be change . Change be either good or bad . trader 2 on what basis ? trader 1 I flip a coin . near the front entrance : a food Delivery guy be stand there negotiate with a Trader . trader 3 no. Rye . I tell them rye . Trader 3 spot bad news on a screen . alright , I will take it . he thrust food guy a tip and grab the bag , distract ... at the rear secure entrance : a motorcycle courier enter , wear he helmet - a female Security Guard get in he face . female security guard rookie ! lose the helmet ! ( point at a camera . ) we need face for camera . in the rest room : a janitor mop the floor , shifting out of the way of two Traders who rush in to pee . at the shoeshine stand , Trader 1 wave a bill down at the man shine he shoe without a glance . shoeshine man take the bill , then , as the Traders step off , he reach into a gym bag and check a automatic weapon . he click the slide home , then hoist the gym bag and head for the trading floor . at the secure entrance : the courier pull off he helmet . the female Security Guard 's eye go wide . 50 . in the rest room : the janitor reach into he bucket and pull out a machine pistol in a Ziploc bag . near the front entrance : food guy pull a automatic pistol - club Trader 3 with it , pastrami fly . shoeshine man move onto the floor , pull out he weapon . under the courier 's helmet - a mask . bane . he grab the female Security Guard and throw she into she colleague , lash out in four direction with rapidfire lethality . shoeshine man fire into the large trading screen . the floor erupt into a different frenzy - trader hit the deck , scream . bane move onto the floor ... trader 1 this be a stock exchange , there 's no money you can steal - he dry up as bane stop . turn to he ... bane why else would you people be here ? bane grab Trader 1 by the throat and drag he across the floor to a online automated trade terminal ... he put the man 's thumb onto the print reader - the screen light up . bane enter you password . or I send this man to you home . Trader 1 , terrify , type in he password . outside , siren . shoeshine man pull out a usb drive with a antenna - plug it into the computer - figure race across the screen ... ext . stock exchange - continuous Police vehicle screech into the narrow street - construction vehicle be block . blake argue with a burly construction Worker . blake move it , now ! we have get a situation . construction worker where can I move it ?! blake that way ! blake point - but swat vehicle pile in , block . 51 . blake get in you vehicle and stay there ! foley and the swat Commander , Allen , approach the entrance . the market Security Chief walk up , frantic . security chief you have gotta get in there ! foley this be a hostage situation - security chief it 's a robbery ! they have get direct access to the online trading desk . foley I be not risk my man for you money - security chief it 's not we money , it 's everyone 's ! allen really ? mine 's in my mattress . security chief if you do not shut this guy down , the stuff in that mattress might be worth a whole lot less , pal . foley cut the fiber line - shut down the cell tower . that will slow they down . int . stock exchange - continuous shoeshine man look up from the laptop . shoeshine man they cut the fiber . cell 's work . bane for now . how much longer do the program need ? shoeshine man eight minute . 52 . bane time to go mobile . shoeshine man pick up the laptop , slip it into he pack ... ext . stock exchange - continuous Allen shout at he man . allen get the barrier up - no more in and out on this street ! steel wedge - shape barrier rise up at the mouth of the street . a sniper watch the door through a thermal scope . six large heat signature bloom , too big for people ... sniper I have get something - the door explode . swat duck , six sportbike race out and leap the ramp - like barricade , send swat scatter . cop scramble to pull they vehicle out to give chase . ext . gotham STREET - continuous the bike weave through traffic , Traders strapped to the back , face backwards - scream , tie fly in the wind . a cruiser fall in behind . rookie cop shoot the tire ! a veteran cop sight a shot , but the Traders be in the way . veteran cop no shot ! ext . stock exchange - continuous foley be bark into he radio . foley back off , back off ! they have get hostage ! 53. int . / ext . cruiser on gotham street - continuous the cruiser follow the bike into a large tunnel . a rookie cop look up into he rear-view . rookie cop what 's go on with the light ? the veteran cop look back - streetlight and headlight be die one after another . the darkness be chase they - the darkness hit they . they light , siren , and engine die ... and , out of the silence , a dark shape roar past - veteran cop it can not be ... rookie cop the hell be that ?! veteran cop oh boy . you be in for a show tonight , son . ext . highway - continuous food guy drive the rear bike . he look back - see streetlight explode behind he - darkness catch he up . the engine choke and die . the Trader jump off , shouting for the cop . food guy turn , pull he gun . smash ! - food guy be throw backwards off he bike by a dark wing as batman race by on the bat-pod . ext . stock exchange - continuous foley rush to blake 's cruiser . foley let 's roll , they have spot the batman ! ext . highway intersection - continuous the remain bike split up as they reach a high overpass . 54 . ext . high overpass - continuous batman pull up , overlook the intersection - pull a rifle - shape device . a tone build - he aim it at the bike and fire . ext . highway off - ramp - continuous janitor 's bike spark and die . siren as cop move in , another bike splutter and die - the hostage break for cover . ext . high overpass - continuous batman see the last two bike disappear beneath a overpass . he holster he emp rifle and gun the bat-pod . int . blake' cruiser - continuous foley , in the back , be use the cruiser as a mobile command station . foley ( into radio ) call everyone in - every car patrol , beat cop , off -duty , too ! pull them in , close every street ! now ! foley look out at gotham rush by . foley I be gonna do what Gordon never could . blake what 's that ? foley I be gonna take down the batman . blake Sir , what about the armed robber ? foley ignore he . 55 . ext . gotham - continuous all around the city , cop mobilize - car , van , chopper ... ext . highway - continuous bane pull up at speed alongside shoeshine man . shoeshine man glance inside he pack - signal ' 2 ' . bane turn , see darkness approach , reach back and grab he hostage , lift he onto the back of shoeshine man 's bike . bane peel off - batman stay on shoeshine man . int . chopper - continuous a spotter watch bane peel off , hit the radio . spotter ( into radio ) one bike 's pull off , no hostage - int . blake' cruiser - continuous foley listen to the radio , hungry - spotter ( over radio ) should we pursue ? foley negative ! stay on the batman ! blake but he 's get away ! foley ( annoyed ) who do you want to catch ? some robber , or the son-of - a- bitch who kill harvey dent ? int . daggett' penthouse - continuous coverage of the pursuit blare from all the tvs , as daggett and stryver watch . tense . tv announcer people be not say much - frankly , they be too busy - but all sign suggest that what we be ( more ) 56 . tv announcer ( cont would ) see be , in fact , the return of the batman ... int . inner office , daggett' penthouse - continuous move in on a shadow , crouch in front of daggett 's safe , work the dial ... the shadow slide up a pair of goggle onto the top of its head create the silhouette of cat ear . it be catwoman . she turn to the tv , watch the pursuit . catwoman well , what do you know ? catwoman open the safe . nothing inside . she frown . ext . gotham street - continuous bane slip between two cruiser who tear after the batman . he jump up onto a concrete barrier , then down to the mouth of a outflow pipe . he glance at the entire gotham Police Department descend on one man . disappear into the pipe . ext . gotham street - continuous shoeshine man glance into he pack - the program beep , finish . he look back to see the bat -pod racing at he , duck as it come alongside ... riderless . shoeshine man look up , confuse . whump ! his hostage be rip off the bike by a low - fly dark shape . shoeshine man lay down the bike in a shower of spark , roll off daze . batman grab he . batman what be you steal ?! shoeshine man stare . unafraid . batman rip the computer from he pack . the screen read : application complete blind light and noise as police chopper descend - siren everywhere . batman grab the usb drive from the laptop . he jump on the bat-pod - pause , take in the sight of thousand of police , car , chopper , dog , close in . 57 . police voice ( over loudspeaker ) step away from the bike ! batman look at the line of stop traffic . a empty car transporter be below the on-ramp ... batman fire the cannon at the transporter , the near ramp crash down , and batman roar towards it - mount it and jump onto the on-ramp ... int . daggett' penthouse - continuous daggett angrily grab some ice cube for he drink . daggett after eight year he have to pick tonight ... stryver he 's draw the cop off bane ... daggett watch , intrigue . int . blake' cruiser - continuous foley shout down the phone . foley how do you let he go ?! cop ( over radio ) he 's get a lot of firepower - foley and you do not ?! we be not let one nut with a bad attitude and some fancy gadget run this town down , you hear I ?! cop ( over radio ) he 's head back downtown ... foley ( excite ) then he 's as dumb as he dress - close it down , gentleman ! 58 . ext . gotham street - continuous thousands of police jockey to pursue the batman as he race back into the downtown area . ext . downtown STREET - continuous the bat - pod tear along , pursue by a phalanx of cruiser , chopper overhead . more cop appear at the far end of the boulevard . the bat - pod execute a ninety - degree turn , flipping over as it go , then gun into the darkness of a large blind alley . cruiser and chopper block the mouth of the alley . blake arrive last , he cruiser sealing the bottleneck . foley swagger out . foley like a rat in a trap , gentleman ... foley reach for a loudhailer . varrroooom !! a noise from the alley that none of the cop have hear before ... veteran cop you might have the wrong animal there , sir - spotlight smash on and a massive dark cyclone roar out of the alley , spin the chopper sideways , dual rotor downdraft force all the cop to the ground . the bat , now black , thunder up and over the entire gotham PD . blake slide up to foley . dry . blake be you sure that be he ? foley look at blake . thrusts the loudhailer at he . int . hospital room - continuous Gordon , still hook up to machine , watch tv . he smile . announcer ( on tv ) Police be keep quiet about the prospect of a return by the batman , but eyewitness account seem the clearly suggest the type of ... 59 . int . daggett' penthouse - night daggett watch the tv coverage , concerned . stryver enter . stryver bane say the batman interfered , but the task be accomplish . daggett what about the man they arrest ? stryver he say , and I quote , they would die before talk . daggett ( grins ) where do he find this guy ? daggett get to he foot , relieved , move to he inner office . open the champagne ... int . inner office , daggett' penthouse - continuous daggett come through the door , call back . daggett and can we get some girl in here ? catwoman ( o.s. ) careful what you wish for . catwoman grab he , throw he across the room . his back slam against the wall - he draw a gun , but - whack ! - catwoman pin he wrist to the wall at shoulder height use the high heel of she boot . he whimper as she lean in . catwoman cat get you tongue ? she pluck the gun from he tremble hand . daggett you dumb bitch . catwoman nobody ever accuse I of be dumb . 60 . daggett Dumb to show up here tonight . catwoman I want what you owe I - click - stryver have a gun to she head . daggett ' I want ' never get ... stryver look appreciatively at catwoman as she lower she leg ... stryver Nice outfit ... that heel make it tough to walk ? catwoman dig she stiletto into he calf , hard . he scream . catwoman I do not know , do they ? catwoman spin , disarm stryver , grab daggett . catwoman so where be it ? daggett where 's what ? catwoman the program . the ' clean Slate ' . daggett oh , yeah - the ultimate tool for a master thief with a record . I do not have it . the bodyguard burst in , gun draw . catwoman , hold daggett , spin , kick the window with the point of she heel . the glass shatter . she pull daggett through the window . he scream - they drop ... ext . window - cleaning platform - continuous ... ten foot onto the window - clean platform . catwoman use she blade heel to cut a rope - the platform plunge down the side of the building . 61 . ext . flat roof - moment later catwoman dump daggett onto the roof , tower over he . catwoman where be it ? daggett the ' clean Slate ' ? type in a name and date of birth and within a couple hour that person cease to exist in any database ? Little too good to be true . catwoman you be lie . rykin data take it to prototype stage - daggett that 's why I buy they . but they have nothing . it be a gangland myth . catwoman lean back from daggett , take this in ... shapes drop onto the rooftop . emerge from fire exit . they be not daggett 's bodyguard , this be bane 's man ... catwoman hold daggett by the throat , threaten he . catwoman stay back ! they continue to approach . one of they screw a silencer onto he gun . catwoman I be not bluff ! voice ( o.s. ) they know ... all eye search for the source of the voice . catwoman spot it - a dark shape , crouch on the roof above : batman . batman they just do not care . as the mercenary with the silencer look up , catwoman leap forward , grab he gun . batman drop into the middle of the fray , fight back mercenary at catwoman 's back - she fire at one , clipping he , he drop . she spin aim at another 's head - batman yank she arm down , force she to miss the mercenary . batman take he out with a kick . 62 . catwoman you have get to be kid . batman no gun . no kill . catwoman where 's the fun in that ? as more mercenary come out onto the roof , batman run for the far edge . batman come on ! catwoman follow , confuse , as batman leap off the roof . she get to the edge , pause to look down into the alley - see the black angular roof of the bat , cockpit open . Shots impact around she - she leap , landing hard , but gracefully on the back of the vehicle , slide into the cockpit . as the engine thunder into life , and the canopy hiss shut , take bullet from above . catwoman my mother warn I about get into car with strange man - batman this be not a car . catwoman flinch as the bat thunder into the sky , downdraft force the mercenary down onto the roof , all but one , who walk slowly across the roof , strong against the wind ... bane . he watch the bat roar off into the night . ext . rooftop , skyscraper , gotham - moment later the bat land - the canopy open . catwoman jump out . catwoman see you around - batman step down after she . batman you be welcome . catwoman I have it under control . 63. batman that be not street thug - they be train killer . I save you life . in return I need to know what you do with Bruce Wayne 's fingerprint . catwoman look at he . consider . catwoman Wayne be not kid about a ' powerful friend ' . I sell he print to daggett . for something that do not even exist . batman I doubt many people get the better of you . catwoman hey , when a girl 's desperate ... batman what be they go to do with they ? catwoman I do not know . but daggett seem pretty interested in that mess at the stock market . batman consider this . a police chopper sweep past , search . batman turn to it . then turn back . batman miss Kyle -? but she be go . so that 's what that feel like . int . batcave - night Alfred be study security camera footage of bane kill at the stock exchange . a roar build - the waterfall glow brighter until ... smash ! the bat breach , downdraft spraying water . two cube rise - the bat land , batman jump out . Alfred brushes water off he suit . alfred very inconspicuous . shall I tell the neighbor you get yourself a new leaf -blower ? 64 . wayne we buy all the neighbor . Alfred take the cowl from he , then the cape , as they walk . alfred from the look of the television coverage , you seem to have you taste for wanton destruction back . wayne ( pull out usb drive ) I retrieve this . alfred should not the police be gather the evidence ? wayne they do not have the tool to analyze it . alfred they would if you give they to they - wayne one man 's tool be another man' weapon . alfred in you mind , perhaps . but there be not many thing you could not turn into a weapon . wayne Alfred . enough . the police be not get it do - alfred perhaps they would have if you have not make a sideshow of yourself . wayne perhaps you be upset you be wrong . alfred wrong ? 65 . wayne you think I do not have it in I . Alfred look at he . put down the cape and cowl . alfred you do not . you lead a bloat police force on a merry chase with some fancy new toy from Fox . what about when you come up against he . what then ? Alfred point to the monitor - Wayne see bane kill ... wayne I will fight harder , I always have . alfred when you have something to fight for . what be you fight for now ? not you life . Wayne move to switch off the monitor . Alfred grab he hand . alfred take a good look . at he speed , he ferocity , his training . I see the power of belief . of the fanatic . I see the League of shadows resurgent . wayne you say he be excommunicate . alfred by r¯ 's al gh¯l . who lead they a U now ? wayne r¯ 's al gh¯l be the League of a U shadows . and I beat he . bane 's just a mercenary , and we have to find out what he 's up to . Wayne plug the usb in , hit key . text scroll . wayne trade of some kind . code ... the screen blank , a thumb print appear . 66 . alfred be that -? wayne mine. courtesy of selina Kyle . Wayne pull out the usb , rise . get this to Fox - he can crack the code and tell we what trade they be execute . Alfred look at Wayne . take the usb . int . hall , wayne manor - continuous ( night ) as Wayne hit the bottom of the stair , Alfred call . alfred I will get this to Fox . but no more . Wayne hear he tone of voice . turn to he . alfred I have sewn you up and set you bone ... but I will not bury you . I have bury enough member of the Wayne family . wayne you would abandon I ? alfred you see only one end to you story . leave be all I have to make you understand : you be not batman anymore - you have to find another way . you use to talk about finish . about life beyond that awful cave - wayne Rachel die know we would decide to be together . that be my life beyond this cave and I can not just move on . she do not . she could not . Alfred consider this . look away . alfred what if he have ? what if she be not intend to make a life with you ? 67 . wayne she be , I can not change that - alfred what if , before she die , she would write a letter ? explain that she would choose harvey dent over you ? Wayne watch , confuse , as the old man prepare to say - alfred and what if , to spare you pain ... I would burn that letter ? Wayne stare at Alfred , shocked . wayne why would you say such a thing ? alfred because I have to make you understand . wayne you be lie . alfred because you be as precious to I as you be to you own mother and father and I swore to they that I would protect you and I have not . wayne you be lie ! alfred I have never lie to you . except when I burn Rachel 's letter . Wayne turn on the old man , furious . wayne how dare you use Rachel to stop I ! alfred I be use the truth , master Wayne . maybe it 's time we all stop try to outsmart the truth and just let it have its day . I be sorry . 68 . wayne sorry ?! you expect to destroy my world , then shake hand ?! alfred no . I know what this mean - wayne what do it mean , Alfred ?! alfred it mean you hatred . it mean lose the person I have care for ever since I hear he first cry echo through this house . but it might also mean save you life . and that be more important . Wayne look at Alfred . furious . summon the worst thing to say and say it quietly and calmly . wayne Goodbye , Alfred . alfred ( quiet ) Goodbye , Bruce . Wayne mount the stair ... Alfred watch he go . turn . int . master bedroom , wayne manor - morning Wayne be wake by the doorbell . int . staircase , wayne manor - moment later as Wayne move through the empty house , tie he dress gown , he can not resist one tentative . wayne Alfred ? but Alfred be go . int . front hall , wayne manor - continuous Wayne open the front door the find Fox . Fox be surprised . 69 . fox answer you own door ? wayne yes . could you decode the trade on that drive ? Fox hand Wayne a newspaper - the main headline : batman back to foil or mastermind stock raid ... fox I do not need to . page three . Wayne turn the page : wayne double down - and lose ... fox it seem you make a series of large put option on the future exchange . verify by thumb print . the option expire at midnight last night . Wayne look up from the newspaper , reeling . fox Long term we may be able to prove fraud , but for now ... you be completely break . and Wayne enterprise be about to fall into the hand of John daggett . wayne the weapon - we can not let daggett get he hand on apply Sciences - fox apply Sciences be shut up tight , and off the book . the energy project be a different story . wayne miranda tate . we need to convince the board to get behind she . let 's show she the reactor - fox we be meeting she there in thirty - five minute . you better get dress . 70 . ext . wayne enterprise recycling plant - day a scrapyard on the gotham river . across the water , the tower of gotham . lucius lead miranda from she car . miranda you bring I out here to show I a rubbish dump , Mr. Fox ? fox bear with I , miss tate . they arrive at a portakabin and enter . int . portakabin - continuous miranda look around the derelict office . Fox smile at she . fox keep you hand and foot inside the car at all time . he hit a button and the floor descend , miranda be shocked as the office become a elevator into - int . elevator , fusion reactor - continuous they descend diagonally into a massive concrete tunnel ... miranda this be it , be not it ? fox the reactor be beneath the river so that it could be instantly flood in a event of a security breach . miranda be Bruce Wayne really that paranoid ? fox I be gonna plead the fifth on that one . miranda marvel as they step off the elevator . she spot a figure deep within : Bruce Wayne . wayne I think you might like to see what you investment build . 71 . miranda no radiation , no fossil fuel . free , clean energy for a entire city . wayne if it work . it do not . Wayne lead miranda to the core . two perpendicular ring of electromagnets suspend a bowl - ball -size mass of metal . Wayne hit button - the ball glow , then die to cold . wayne ignition , yes . but no chain reaction . miranda you have build a lot of security around a damp squib . nothing . about three year ago a Russian scientist publish a paper on weaponize fusion reaction . one week later you reactor start develop problem ... ( look at Wayne . ) I think this machine work . wayne miranda , if it be operational , the danger to gotham would be too great . miranda would it make you feel better to know that the Russian scientist die in a plane crash six month ago ? wayne someone else will work out what Dr. pavel do . someone else will figure out how to turn this power source into a nuclear weapon . I need you to take control of Wayne enterprise and this reactor . miranda and to do what with it ? wayne nothing . until we can find a way to guarantee its safety . 72 . miranda and if we can not ? wayne decommission it . flood it . miranda destroy the world 's best chance for a sustainable future ? wayne if the world 's not ready . yes . miranda Bruce , if you want to save the world you have to start trust it . wayne I be trust you . miranda do not count . you have no choice . wayne I could have flood this chamber any time in the last three year . I be choose to trust you , miranda , and that 's not the easiest thing for I . please . his eye be genuine . plead . miranda nod . fox we have a board meeting to get to . int . boardroom , wayne enterprise - day the board member , include daggett and miranda , take they seat . Fox at one end of the table , Wayne at the other . daggett I would like to point out that we have a non-board member here . highly irregular , even if it be he family name above the door ... all eye go to Wayne . a older member of the board pipe up . fredericks Bruce Wayne 's family build this company - 73. board member 2 and he himself have run it - daggett into the ground , sir . anybody disagree ? check the value of you share this morning . gambling on crazy future do not just lose Mr. Wayne he seat , it 's lose we all a lot of money . he need to leave . fox I be afraid he have a point , Mr. Wayne . wayne I understand . lady and gentleman . Wayne glance at miranda who nod at he . Wayne leave . daggett let 's get down to business . fox right away . int . lobby , wayne enterprise - continuous Wayne exit the building . there be a angry mob of shareholder and a pack of hungry Reporters . reporter Wayne , how 's it feel to be one of the people ?! company valet I be sorry , sir , they have paperwork - Wayne look over to see he lamborghini be tow . blake ( o.s. ) look like you need a lift . Wayne turn to see blake stand by he patrol car . nod . 74 . int . daggett' penthouse - day daggett burst in , furious . stryver try to placate he . daggett how the hell do miranda tate get the inside track on the Wayne board ?! be she meeting with Wayne ? be she sleep with Wayne ? stryver not that we know of - daggett clearly you do not ' know of ' anything , do you ?! where 's bane ?! stryver we tell he it be urgent - daggett then where be the mask - bane ( o.s. ) speak of the devil ... daggett turn . bane be already there . bane ... and he shall appear . daggett what the hell 's go on ? bane the plan be proceeding as expect . daggett you see I run Wayne enterprise ?! ( move towards bane . ) you stock exchange hit do not work , friend . and now you have get my construction crew work all hour around the city ? how 's that suppose to help my company absorb Wayne 's ? bane ( to stryver ) leave we . 75 . daggett you stay right there ! I be in charge ! bane place a gentle hand on daggett 's shoulder . bane do you feel in charge ? daggett be take aback . stryver leave . daggett I have pay you a small fortune - bane and that give you power over I ? daggett consider the heavy hand on he shoulder . nervous . daggett what be this ? bane you money and infrastructure have be important . till now . daggett what be you ? bane gotham 's reckoning . come to end the borrow time you have all be live on ... bane gently take the terrify daggett 's head in he hand ... daggett you be true evil ... bane I be necessary evil . stryver , on the step outside the live room , flinch . scene omitted 76 . int . / ext . cruiser on gotham street - moment later Wayne stare out the window . blake glance across . blake when you begin ... why the mask ? wayne to protect the people close to I . blake you be a loner with no family . wayne there be always people you care about . you just do not realize how much until they be go . ( collect himself . ) the idea be to be a symbol . batman could be anybody , that be the point . blake it be damn good to see he back . wayne not everybody agree . blake they will figure it out in the end . wayne get anything on bane 's whereabouts ? blake yeah , I have get five hundred page of tunnel record and a flashlight . I could use some help . wayne ( thinks ) you know what ? Drop I in Old town ... ext . selina's build , old town , gotham - day blake drop Wayne off . wayne do not wait . I will get a cab . 77 . blake you get money ? wayne ( smile , sheepish ) actually , no . blake hand he some bill , watch he cross the street . the radio squawk . blake react - drive off . int . selina's apartment - moment later selina be pack a bag . she hear voice in the stairwell . jen ( o.s. ) I tell you , money first . wayne ( o.s. ) I do not think so . int . stairwell outside selina's apartment - continuous selina find Wayne stand there with Jen . selina he 's not a mark . Jen look at selina . at Wayne . selina and he do not have a cent to he name , anyway . int . selina's apartment - moment later Wayne look at the cramped space . selina shift , embarrassed . selina yeah , it 's not much . ( smile . ) but it 's more that you have get right now . wayne actually , they be let I keep the house . selina ( shake head ) the rich do not even go break same as the rest of we , huh ? 78 . wayne ( spot she bag ) vacation ? selina let 's just say that I have incur the wrath of some people less susceptible to my charm than you . wayne my powerful friend hope to change you mind about leave . selina and how would he do that ? wayne by give you what you want . selina it do not exist . wayne he say it do . he want to meet . tonight . selina why ? wayne he need to find bane . he think you would know how . selina tell he I will think about it . Wayne nod , start to leave . selina Mr. Wayne ? I be sorry they take all you money . wayne no , you be not . int . hospital corridor - day blake move through the hospital corridor , look for - 79 . int . hospital room - continuous blake enter . Gordon be sit up in bed , talk to foley . foley can we help you , officer ? blake John daggett 's body be find in a dumpster a hour ago . I think you might like to know . gordon why ? blake because daggett 's name be all over the permit I pull to map the tunnel under gotham . blake hand Gordon a stack of file . foley glare at blake . blake mta maintenance , sewer construction ... gordon ( to foley ) where do you get to with the tunnel search ? foley ( to blake ) remind I to tell the detail to keep hothead out . ( to Gordon . ) we have have team down there , but it 's a huge network - gordon get more man , work a grid . I want he find . foley yeah , yeah - the mask man . we be on it . Gordon eye the file hungrily - glance up at blake . gordon this be good work . lose the uniform - you be work for I now . we could use some hotter head around here . 80 . blake this could just be a coincidence . gordon you be a detective now , son , you be not allow to believe in coincidence anymore . blake try to conceal he excitement from foley . ext . wayne manor - evening ( end of day ) Wayne , cover he head with a newspaper , hurry up the driveway in the rain . step into the alcove . Hit the bell . miranda ( o.s ) nobody 's answer . Wayne turn to find miranda there . wayne no. I be on my own now . miranda do you have key ? Wayne look a little helpless all of a sudden . wayne never need they ... she take he hand . miranda let 's find a window . int . great room , wayne manor - continuous ( end of day ) they force the french window - enter , brush off the rain . miranda Fox work the board like you have never see - I be in , daggett 's out and he 's not happy . Wayne set down the newspaper : from billionaire to bum 81 . wayne hope you do not like I for you money . miranda kick off she shoe . glance at the paper . miranda suffer build character . then at a photo of Wayne 's parent . miranda I will take care of you parent ' legacy , Bruce . miranda pick up a photo of Rachel . miranda who 's this ? Wayne look at she . can not find word ... miranda where 's Alfred ? wayne he leave . take everything . miranda put the photo down . kiss he . passionately . then again . he kiss back . suddenly the light go out . miranda what 's that ? wayne ( sheepish ) I think my power 's be shut off . int . same - later ( night ) Wayne watch as miranda tend to a roaring fire . wayne you be pretty good at that . miranda when I be a child we have almost nothing . but on the night we have a fire , we feel very rich indeed . she return to he , pull a blanket around both of they . 82. wayne I assume you family be wealthy . miranda not always . not when I be young . he trace a scar on she shoulder . miranda a old mistake . wayne I have make a few myself . she turn to he , trace the scar across he chest . miranda more than a few ... ( smile . ) we could leave . tonight . take my plane . go anywhere we want . wayne someday perhaps . not tonight . she pull he close . he kiss she . they fold into each other , the warm heart at the center of a vast , cold room . int . great room , wayne manor - night miranda be sleep , wrap in the blanket . Wayne study she for a moment , then slip out ... int . batcave - moment later Wayne move to the batsuit . pick up the cowl . ext . skie above gotham - night the bat roar towards downtown . batman kill the light and main engine - the bat quietly autorotate into the canyon . int . mia tunnel - later catwoman on a wall , watch train go by . she sense ... catwoman do not be shy . ... batman be there . 83. catwoman Wayne say you can get I the ' clean Slate ' . batman that depend . catwoman on what ? batman on what you want it for . I acquire it to keep it out of the wrong hand . catwoman still do not trust I , huh ? how can we change that ? batman start by take I to bane . catwoman ( shrug ) you ask . catwoman jump down . batman follow . catwoman lead he down into a service tunnel ... int . service tunnel - continuous catwoman speak over she shoulder as she walk . catwoman from here , bane 's man patrol the tunnel ... and they be not you average brawler . batman neither be i. catwoman swing into a - int . sewer tunnel - continuous a mercenary patrol . catwoman come up behind . catwoman he 's behind you . 84 . mercenary ( spin ) who ? batman hang upside down behind he . batman ( o.s. ) me. darkness smashes onto the mercenary . gunfire in the tunnel . catwoman race along , pursue by a mercenary . he be yank off he foot by darkness - he scream ... batman pick off more and more mercenary . scream echo ... batman follow catwoman through the dark tunnel . catwoman just a little further . a grate slam down , separate they - the light come on . he be deep inside . int . bane's lair , sewer - continuous mercenary look down on he from above . catwoman turn . catwoman I have to find a way to stop they try to kill I . batman you have make a serious mistake . bane ( o.s. ) not as serious as yours , I fear . batman turn . bane emerge from behind the waterfall . batman bane . bane let 's not stand on ceremony here , Mr. Wayne . catwoman hear the name . less sure of what she 's do . batman move at bane - strike powerful blow - bane catch he fist . bane peace have cost you strength . Victory have defeat you . 85 . bane smashes batman back - kick he off the catwalk - batman drop , use he cape to land . bane climb down on a chain - he man watch in discipline silence - batman hurl flashbang at bane , who do not flinch . bane theatricality and deception be powerful agent ... to the uninitiated . batman lash out at bane - bane counter - they separate . bane but we be initiate , be not we , Bruce ? the League of shadows . and you betrayed we ... batman we ? you be excommunicate . from a gang of psychopath . bane now I be the League of shadows , here to fulfill r¯ 's al gh¯l 's a U destiny ... batman hurl himself at bane , throw he into the waterfall , where he smashes he fist and gauntlet into bane 's mask again and again , water cascade over they . bane be not move . just take the blow . batman pause . bane 's arm shoot out , smashing batman aside - bane rise ... bane you fight like a young man . nothing hold back . no reserve . admirable . but mistaken . batman hit a switch on he belt - the light go out - bane turn slowly address all the shadow at once . bane you think darkness be you ally . but you merely adopt the dark . I be bear in it . form by it ... in the shadow , batman circle , look to strike ... bane I do not see the light until I be already a man . and by then it be nothing to I but blind ... 86 . bane lunge backwards into the darkness - batman 's throat in he grasp . bane the shadow betray you , because they belong to I ... bane smashes he into the ground , pounding , pound , pound the hard cowl with he bare fist until it crack . bane rise from batman , gesture to the ceiling of the chamber - explosive charge have be drill into hole ... bane I will show you where I have make my home while prepare to bring justice . then ... I will break you . a mercenary toss bane a detonator - batman watch through crack cowl - bane hit the detonator - explosion burst over he head as the ceiling crumble revealing : apply Sciences - bane have drop the bottom out of Fox 's weapon store ... a camouflage tumbler rest in the rubble . batman no ... bane you precious armory . gratefully accept . we will need it . int . applied science - continuous mercenary race through the stack of equipment ... int . bane's lair , sewer - continuous batman climb to he foot , sway . bane approach . bane I wonder which would break first - you spirit ... batman swing at he - miss - bane grab he , lift he high . ... or you body . bane bring batman down onto he knee , breaking he back with a horrific crack . 87 . in the shadow , catwoman look on . shock . bane crouch to pull the break cowl off the break Wayne . mercenary lift Wayne 's body and carry he off ... bane stare into the hollow eye of he trophy ... catwoman slink back into the shadow , and we - fade to black . fade in : ext . wayne manor - day blake 's cruiser pull up . he nose up to the window . nothing . ext . selina's build , old town , gotham - day blake sit in he cruiser . selina exit , wide - brimm hat , bag . blake recognize she . she hail a cab . blake ( into radio ) get commissioner Gordon . tell he I have get a line on the Congressman 's kidnap . blake pull out to follow . int . terminal , gotham INTERNATIONAL airport - day selina move through the terminal . she clock a uniform cop stare at she - duck down a service hallway . int . service hallway , airport - continuous the uniform round the corner to find selina apply make-up . uniform Excuse I , miss . I need to see you ticket and identification , please . selina , surprised , fumble with she purse . selina would you mind ? 88. she hand the uniform she hat - punch he through the brim , stuff he in a closet - plant she mangle hat on he head . int . jetway , airport - moment later selina make she way down the jetway - spot Security at the far end - turn - blake smile at she . badge in hand . int . interrogation room , airport - day selina , now in cuff , look up as blake walk in . blake I show you picture to the Congressman and guess what ? selina do not tell I , still in love ? blake head over heel . press charge , though . blake lay a police file down with a thump . you have make some mistake , Ms. Kyle . selina girl 's gonna eat . blake you have a appetite . why run ? you can not hide from we with this record . selina maybe it 's not you I be run from . blake who then ? bane ? what do you know about he ? selina ( quiet ) that you should be as afraid of he as I be . 89 . blake we can offer you protection ... selina look at he with contempt . blake shrug , switch off the tape , move to the door . blake when I spot you , I be look for a friend ... Bruce Wayne . selina turn to look at blake . his eye plead with she . blake do they kill he ? selina I be not sure . and we - CUT to : black screen . sound : scream , laugh , crying . sights : light , body falling , a dark skull ... and we be - int . stone cell - dawn Wayne open he eye . unshaven . filthy . someone else be in the cell - Wayne can not move to look - even the attempt be painful ... the skull drift into he sight . bane . squatte at Wayne 's bedside , muscle shoulder curving into he mask . wayne why do not you just kill I ? bane you do not fear death . you welcome it . you punishment be to be more severe . wayne ( scathing ) you be a torturer ... bane yes . but not of you body . of you soul . Wayne exhales . eye lose focus from sheer pain . 90 . wayne where be I ? bane Home . Wayne 's eye dart about : filthy stone wall , distant sunlight from above , iron bar : a underground prison . where I learn the truth about despair . as will you . ( rise . ) there be a reason that this prison be the worst hell on earth ... bane step to the bar - look up at a bright open five hundred foot above . like be at the bottom of a gigantic well ... hope . every man who have rotted here over the century have look up to the light and imagine climb to freedom . so simple . so easy . and , like shipwreck man turn to sea water from uncontrollable thirst , many have die try . I learn that there can be no true despair without hope . ( turn to Wayne . ) so as I terrorize gotham , I will feed its people hope to poison they soul . I will let they believe they can survive so that you can watch they clamber over each other to stay in the sun ... bane point to a old tv , just outside the bar . you will watch as I torture a entire city to cause you pain you think you could never feel again . then , when you have truly understand the depth of you failure , we will fulfill r¯ 's al a gh¯l 's destiny . we will destroy U gotham . and when it be do ... when gotham be ash ... then you have my permission to die . bane rise . leave . Wayne drift back to unconsciousness . ext . blackgate prison - day a van pull through the gate . selina , inside the van , look up at the formidable grey building . 91 . int . blackgate prison - continuous Guards lead selina down the cell . whistles and catcall . guard we be lock she up in here ? warden the dent Act allow non-segregation base on extraordinary need . first time she break out of woman 's correctional she be sixteen . selina pass a huge inmate who strain through the bar ... huge inmate Little closer , baby ... selina why , honey , you wanna hold my hand ? without break step , she slip he outstretch hand between she handcuff one and cartwheel , snap he arm - he scream in agony - she keep walk ... warden she will be just fine . int . wayne enterprise - day Fox come out of the elevator with miranda . fox I do not see the need for a board meeting on the energy project - miranda Bruce get a lot of thing right . keeping the board in the dark be not one of they ... Fox swing the door to the boardroom open ... int . boardroom , wayne enterprise - continuous the board be there . scare . at the head of the table - bane . bane this meeting be call to order . Fox and miranda freeze . stare at the mask . 92 . bane chair and President . I also need one ordinary member - Mr. Fox , would you care to nominate ? fredericks no. I volunteer . the dignify older board member get to he foot . mercernary round the three up . fox where be you take we ? bane where you bury you resource . the bowel of gotham . int . hospital room - day Gordon , with a nurse 's help , pull himself to a seat position as blake watch . gordon so you think we friend be go again ? blake ( grave ) this time ... he might not be come back . Gordon take this in ... foley burst in , agitate . foley okay , commissioner , you be right . gordon what 's happen ? foley you mask man kidnap the Wayne enterprise board . he let most of they go , but take three down into the sewer . gordon no more patrol , no more hide and seek . send every available cop down there to smoke he out . 93. foley the Mayor will not want panic - blake so it 's a training exercise . foley look at Gordon . foley I be sorry for not take you seriously - gordon do not apologize for believe the world 's in better shape then it be ... just fight to make it true . foley nod . leave . blake get up . gordon not you . you be tell I the batman 's go . so you chase up the daggett lead , any way you can . blake nod . int . stone cell , underground prison - day Wayne lie , weak , feverish . a prisoner drip water onto he parched lip . a elderly blind prisoner squatting by the wall in the next cell rasp something in a ancient tongue . prisoner he ask if you would pay we to let you die . I tell he you have nothing . wayne do it for the pleasure . the prisoner put bread to Wayne 's lip . prisoner they pay I more than that to keep you alive . a chant get Wayne 's attention . he roll he head painfully to watch a tattooe prisoner hand a thick rope to a strong man , who tie it around he chest , watch by other prisoner . 94 . prisoner he will try the climb . strong man start scale the wall . the prisoner ' chant grow stronger as he climb towards the light . above : strong man stop , perch on a ledge , a twelve - foot leap from the rest of the climb ... the chant peak as strong man leap ...miss ... fall . the rope catch - he swing into the rock face . prisoner fall silent as strong man be lower , break , bloody , to the prison floor . wayne have anyone make it ? prisoner of course not . the blind prisoner bark at he . wayne what do he say ? prisoner he say there be one who do . a child ... insert CUT : a child of about ten look up towards the light . prisoner a child who have be bear in this hell ... wayne bane . prisoner a old legend . nothing more . the prisoner leave Wayne 's cell - switch on the tv . wayne do not . prisoner whatever they want you to see ... it 's happen soon . 95 . int . bane's lair , sewer - day bane 's man lead Fox , miranda and frederick through the debris . Fox stare at mercenary work on he old invention ... ext . location around gotham - evening swat and cop mass around entrance to sewer , tunnel ... int . massive tunnel - continuous bane lead Fox and the other to where mercenary plant charge on a hewn wall . Dr. pavel be here . wait . bane nod at he man . the wall blow . ext . location around gotham - continuous a swat team about to enter a sewer pipe hear a low echoing boom . they look at each other , then head in . thousands of Police head into manhole , tunnel entrance , check weapon , use flashlight ... int . massive tunnel - continuous bane lead the way over rubble into the reactor . Dr. pavel follow . bane approach the machine . turn to Fox . bane turn it on . Fox shake he head . bane hold he gun to frederick ' head . bane I only need one other board member . there be eight more wait upstairs . fox I will not do it . frederick tremble . bane cock the weapon . miranda alright , stop . she walk up to the scanner . place she hand on it . it beep . she turn to Fox . quietly plead . 96 . miranda lucius , you will kill this man and yourself , and barely slow they down . Fox reluctantly put he hand on the scanner . then frederick . the core glow brighter and brighter . Dr. pavel be transfix . bane do you work . bane turn to he man . gesture at the hostage . take they to the surface . people of they status deserve to see the next era of western civilization . Fox , miranda and frederick be lead back into the rubble . ext . gotham stadium - day the Mayor , flanke by Security , talk to a crowd of Reporters . reporter we be see literally thousand of police head into the sewer - mayor a training exercise , that 's all . if you will excuse I , I have get ticket to watch we boy thrash rapid City . the Mayor head into the stadium with the crowd ... int . sewer - continuous hundred of swat wade , flashlight swinging , head towards the center ... team be converge from different entry point ... int . / ext . cruiser on gotham street - continuous blake be on the phone . blake I have be to half daggett 's cement plant , logge location they have pour for underground construction ... 97 . gordon ( o.s. ) anything strange about the pouring ? blake glance at a large map - dot mark pour location . blake honestly , commissioner , I do not know anything about civil engineering . gordon but you know about pattern . keep look . blake pull up in front of a cement plant . int . reactor plant - continuous Dr. pavel finish he work . turn to bane . grave . dr . pavel it 's do . this be now a four-megaton nuclear bomb . bane ( to he man ) pull the core out of the reactor . dr . pavel ( horrified ) you can not . this be the only power source capable of sustaning it - if you move it , the core will decay in a matter of month . bane five , by my calculation . dr . pavel and then it will go off . bane for the sake of you family , Dr. pavel , I hope so . Dr. pavel stare as mercenary start to disconnect the core ... 98 . ext . cement plant - continuous blake be lead through a fence by a Worker . worker boss be about to leave . blake walk past cement mixer . spot someone . a Driver . blake hey . the Driver turn . blake that be you outside the stock exchange , right ? driver when ? blake when ? when half the city 's cop be try to pull onto Castle Street and you truck shut they out . driver oh yeah . you be that cop - blake detective , now . behind blake the Worker put he hand be he pocket ... blake and as a detective ... I be not allow to believe in coincidence anymore - blake spin , draw he weapon . the Worker lunge with a knife , blake smashes he hand to one side and shoot he . the Driver grab he from behind . blake wrestle , but the Driver be strong , train . blake can not aim he gun , he fire behind , into a steel mixer - the bullet ricochet , one catch the Driver in the back and he go down ... blake , gasp , kneel beside the Driver . blake what be you do ?! what ?! the man die . blake look down at he gun . disgust . toss be down . pull out he phone . dial . 99 . blake commissioner , I be at the fourteenth Street plant with two dead witness and a lot of question . call I - blake freeze , stoop to pick up he gun . look at some empty barrel ... commissioner , they have get polyisobutylene here ... ( look around . ) and motor oil . they be not make cement , they be make explosive - int . / ext . cruiser outside cement plant - moment later blake grab he cart - scan the pattern of the dot - realize . blake oh , god. blake fire up the cruiser and pull out , hard . int . / ext . cruiser on gotham street - continuous blake be drive furiously , shouting into the radio - blake patch I into foley ! dispatch ( over radio ) foley 's oversee the operation - blake they be head into a trap ! ext . mta tunnel - moment later ( day ) foley , concerned , take the radio from a colleague . foley foley . blake it 's a trap ! pull everyone out ! bane 's be pour concrete lace with explosive - 100 . foley where ? blake there 's a ring around the tunnel - they be gonna blow it and trap the cop underground ! foley look up with dread at the mouth of the tunnel . foley pull out ! pull them out ! int . boiler room - continuous mercenary rise from a hole in the floor - bane emerge ... int . gotham stadium - continuous the Mayor , in a corporate box , mouth the National anthem ... int . locker room tunnel - continuous the mercenary pull out detonator . bane listen to the kickoff like a hunt dog sense the wind ... decide . bane let the game begin . the mercenary hit the detonator . int . sewer - continuous swat react - the tunnel roof behind collapse ... chunks of concrete structure drop - thousand of police throughout different tunnel be trap ... ext . gotham stadium - continuous the crowd go wild as a receiver catch - start a run - the Mayor look on , suddenly confuse . as the receiver sprint for the end zone , the field behind he drop away in smoking ruin , swallow player ... the crowd be not cheer but scream ... the Mayor 's box explode ... 101 . the receiver , near the touchdown , glance back - see armageddon - the entire field be now a smoking mass of rubble , but for one strip of turf ... mercenary pour out of the tunnel , create a gauntlet ... int . / ext . cruiser on gotham street - continuous blake 's cruiser swerve to avoid eruption of asphalt . a eruption toss blake 's cruiser onto its roof . ext . gotham river - continuous all bridge , except the gotham Bridge , suffer control demolition . int . locker room tunnel - continuous bane step into the smoking stadium , a gladiator walk into the arena ... tv camera swing onto he . pass a dead umpire , he take the man 's headset - survey the scream crowd , lift a arm for silence , raise the mike to he mask . bane gotham , take control of you city ... int . / ext . overturned cruiser on gotham STREET - continuous blake squeeze out of he cruiser , reach in for the radio . blake foley ? foley ( over radio ) Jesus , blake ! every cop in the city 's down in that tunnel ! blake ( realize ) not every cop ... blake pull the shotgun from he cruiser - flag down a car . 102 . int . hospital room - continuous Gordon 's heart - rate monitor alarm . Gordon wake , groggy ... int . hospital lobby - continuous patient and doctor crowd the entrance . mercenary with automatic weapon force they way in - hit the stairwell . int . / ext . car gotham street - continuous blake drive , swerving around daze and terrify people . flame and smoke billow from the sewer . ext . gotham hospital - continuous blake race up to the hospital entrance . int . corridor , gotham hospital - continuous two mercenary move room to room , search . int . hospital room - continuous Gordon pull himself out of he bed , wheeling he iv . int . corridor , hospital - continuous blake jump into the corridor , gun raise . Shots echo down the hall - blake sprint . int . hospital room - continuous blake leap into the room , gun high - freeze as warm metal touch the base of he skull . gordon ( o.s. ) clear the corner , rookie . blake turn . Gordon hold he service weapon . the mercenary be on the ground , dead . gordon get my coat , son . 103 . ext . gotham stadium - continuous mercenary pull the glow core onto the field . bane this be the instrument of you liberation ... int . pentagon war room - continuous analyst and military personnel assess the situation . analyst Satellite show a radiation spike ... analyst 2 whatever it be ... it 's nuclear . ext . gotham stadium - continuous the mercenary thrust Dr. pavel to he knee before bane . bane identify yourself to the world . dr . pavel Dr. leonid pavel , nuclear physicist . bane turn Dr. pavel 's head for the camera . int . pentagon war room - continuous armed force and Intelligence staff scramble to verify . CIA analyst pavel be confirm dead - plane crash on a Agency pull - out of Uzbekistan ... but it certainly look like he - he point to a monitor with a photo of Dr. pavel . a Air Force General rub he chin , think , nervous . 104 . ext . skie above gotham - continuous F - 22 's streak over the river , size up the island . ext . gotham stadium - continuous bane rest he powerful hand on Dr. pavel 's shoulder . bane tell the world what this be . dr . pavel a fully prime neutron bomb . with a blast radius of six mile . bane and who can disarm this device ? dr . pavel only I . bane thank you , Doctor . bane snap Dr. pavel 's neck in front of the world . bane the bomb be armed , the bomb be mobile , the identity of the triggerman be a mystery . one of you hold the detonator - we come not as conqueror , but as liberator to return control of this city to the people . at the first sign of interference from the outside world or of people attempt to flee , this anonymous gothamite , this unsung hero , will trigger the bomb . for now , martial law be in effect . return to you home , hold you family close , and wait . tomorrow you claim what be rightfully yours . bane turn , leave the field , follow by he man . int . pentagon war room - continuous the General break the silence . 105 . general pull back the fighter , start high - level reconnaissance flight . and get the President on the line . ext . gotham bridge - sunset mercenary hold the bridge . a tank roll across from the mainland , soldier behind . the lead mercenary use a bullhorn . lead mercenary tank and plane can not stop we detonate we device . send a emissary to discuss term of access for supplies and communication . a Captain step forward , walk to the apex of the bridge . captain how many of you be there , son ? ( nothing . ) you do not have enough man to stop twelve million people leave that island . lead mercenary we do not . but you do . captain why in the hell would we help you keep you hostage ? lead mercenary if people start crossing this bridge gotham get blow to hell . the Captain consider this . Troubled . ext . skie above gotham - continuous as night fall the F - 22 's peel away from the fire- ringed city . the voice of the President echoe across the airwave ... president ( over radio ) the people of we great city be resilient . they have prove this before , they will prove this again ... 106 . int . stone cell , underground prison - continuous Wayne stare at the old tv . at he burn city . president ( over tv ) we do not negotiate with terrorist , but we do recognize reality ... Wayne start to cry . int . car - continuous ( night ) blake drive the desert street . Gordon be slump in the passenger seat , listen . president ( over radio ) as the situation develop , one thing must be understand above all other ... people of gotham , we have not abandon you . blake what do that mean ? gordon it mean we be on we own . I have to get in front of a camera - blake Sir , they will kill you the second you show you face - gordon the Mayor 's dead . I be the symbol of law and order . bane say he 's give gotham back to the people - they need to know that I could lead . blake bane 's not gonna let that happen - gordon then he will show he true color . blake and you will be dead . Gordon say nothing . 107 . ext . gotham STREET - day Three camouflage tumbler roll down the desert street . ext . blackgate prison - moment later a crowd of news crew have gather . Guards in the tower look down , apprehensive . the tumbler roll up , stop in front of the gate . bane emerge from the lead tumbler . bane behind you stand a symbol of oppression . blackgate prison ... int . cellblock , blackgate prison - continuous prisoner strain to hear bane 's word . selina be there . bane ( o.s. ) where a thousand man have languish for year . under the dent Act . under the name of this man - ext . blackgate prison - continuous bane hold up a photo of harvey dent . bane harvey dent . held up to you , and over you , as a shine example of justice and good ... int . blake' apartment - continuous Gordon sit watch bane 's speech . blake gather supplies . blake we be gonna keep move you , till we can get you in front of a camera - ext . blackgate prison - continuous bane set fire to the picture of dent ... 108 . bane but they supply you a false idol . a straw man . to placate . to stop you tear down this corrupt city ... int . cellblock , blackgate prison - continuous the prisoner start cheer , shouting . bane ( o.s. ) ... and rebuild it the way it should have be rebuilt generation ago ... ext . blackgate prison - continuous bane drop the burn picture . bane let I tell you the truth about harvey dent . in the word of gotham 's Police commissioner , James Gordon ... int . blake' apartment - continuous this get blake 's attention . Gordon watch , uneasy ... ext . blackgate prison - continuous bane unfold the page of Gordon 's undeliver speech ... bane ' the truth about harvey dent be simple in only one regard - it have be hide for too long . after he devastating injury , harvey 's mind have recover no better than he mutilate face . he be a break , dangerous man , not the crusader for justice that I , James Gordon , have portray he to be for the last eight year . harvey 's rage be indiscriminate . psychopathic . he hold my family at gunpoint , then fall to he death in the struggle over my son 's life . the batman do not murder harvey dent - he save ( more ) 109 . bane ( cont 'd ) my boy . then take the blame for harvey 's appall crime , so that I could , to my shame , build a lie around this fall idol . ' int . blake' apartment - continuous blake stare at the tv , Gordon 's face lower into he hand ... bane ( v.o. ) ' I praise the madman who try to murder my own child . ' ext . blackgate prison - continuous the crowd be silent , stunne , as bane continue to read . bane ' the thing we do in harvey 's name bring desperately need security to we street ... but I can no longer live with my lie . it be time to trust the people of gotham with the truth , and it be time for I to resign . ' bane fold the papers . look out to the stunne crowd . do you accept this man' resignation ? individual in the crow start shouting ' yes ! ' int . cellblock , blackgate prison - continuous prisoner cheer , pound against the bar . selina watch ... ext . blackgate prison - continuous bane do you accept the resignation of all the liar ?! all the corrupt ?! more and more of the crowd be chant ' yes ! ' 110 . int . blake' apartment - continuous blake turn to Gordon , who stare at the tv . blake this man , lock up in blackgate for eight year , deny parole under the dent act. base on a lie . gordon a lie to keep a city from burn to the ground . gotham need a hero , someone to believe in - blake not as much as it do now . but you betrayed everything you stand for . gordon ( look at blake ) there 's a point . Far out there . when the structure fail you . when the rule be not weapon anymore , they be shackle , let the bad get ahead . maybe one day you ' will have such a moment of crisis . and in that moment , I hope you have a friend like I do . to plunge they hand into the filth so you can keep yours clean . blake you hand look pretty filthy to I , commissioner . Gordon stare at he . blake go back to pack . ext . blackgate prison - continuous bane signal a tumbler - its turret turn to the prison door . bane we take gotham from the corrupt . the rich . the oppressor of generation who have keep you down with the myth of opportunity . and we give it to you , the people . gotham be yours - none shall interfere . do as you please ... the tumbler fire , blow the door to hell . ( more ) 111 . bane ( cont 'd ) but start by storming blackgate and freeing the oppress ... step forward , that who would serve ... bane 's man surge through the burn gate ... int . blackgate prison - continuous selina watch as prisoner stream out of open cell door . she make she way quietly through the excited throng . bane ( v.o. ) for a army will be raise ... mercenary hand out weapon to escape prisoner ... ext . park boulevard - day as mercenary shoot open lock , people storm into expensive apartment building overlook the park ... bane ( v.o. ) the powerful will be rip from they decadent nest ... int . beautiful old gotham apartment - day people ransack the apartment ... bane ( v.o. ) ... and cast into the cold world the rest of we have know and endure ... ext . park boulevard - day wealthy people be herde onto the street by mercenary ... bane ( v.o. ) court will be conven ... int . stock exchange - day a kangaroo court be in session , preside over by a criminal we recognize from blackgate . bane watch from the gallery ... 112 . bane ( v.o. ) the spoil will be enjoy ... int . elegant apartment , park boulevard - day tough -look revellers crack open champagne - spraying it , swigging it - selina amongst they , watch ... bane ( v.o. ) blood will be shed ... int . sewer - day hundred of Police live underground . divide up supplies lower by rope ... Ross open a pack of supplies . bane ( v.o. ) but the police will live , until they be ready to serve true justice ... ext . gotham stadium - night move in on the bright glow of the core ... bane ( v.o. ) this great city will endure ... Close enough to see the flicker digit of its countdown ... bane ( v.o. ) gotham will survive . mercenary load the core into the back of a black truck . int . stone cell , underground prison - day Wayne roll off he cot . grunt . the prisoner realize Wayne be try to do a push -up . from the next cell , the blind prisoner say something ... prisoner he say you must first straighten you back . the prisoner help Wayne roll over , painfully . 113. wayne how would he know ? prisoner he be the prison doctor . a morphine addict who incur the displeasure of powerful people . include you mask friend . wayne how ? prisoner many year ago , during a time of plague , bane be attack by other prisoner . the doctor 's fumble attempt to repair the damage leave he in perpetual agony . the mask hold he pain at bay . wayne be bane the child you speak of ? be he bear here ? prisoner the legend be that there be a mercenary work for the local warlord who fall in love with he daughter . they marry in secret . the prisoner take a rope - tie it under Wayne 's arm . prisoner when the warlord find out , he condemn the mercenary to this pit . but then exile he instead . insert CUT : the mercenary be drop at the side of a barren road . he start to walk . prisoner the mercenary understand that the warlord 's daughter have secure he release , but he could not know the true price of he freedom . she have take he place in the pit . insert CUT : a woman be lower into the prison . the prisoner below all have they face cover with muslin mask ... 114 . prisoner and she be with the child . the mercenary 's child . insert CUT : the woman watch as the Doctor , ( the blind prisoner , young - look , sighted ) examine she small child . the Doctor exit , lock the cell ... prisoner one day the doctor forget the lock the cell ... insert CUT : prisoner move into the cell towards he mother . the child run at they with a knife ... prisoner innocence can not flower underground . it be to be stamp out . but the child have a friend . a protector ... insert CUT : the protector , face cover , pull the child off the attacker . one grab for the child - the protector snap he arm , carry the child into a corner ... prisoner ... who show the other that this innocence be they redemption . the mother be not so lucky . the blind prisoner shout at the prisoner . he nod . prisoner this be bane 's prison now . bane would not want this story tell . the prisoner pull - Wayne scream in pain as he be pull upright . the prisoner tie he off . check he spine . you have a protrude vertebra ... I be go to force it back ... wayne how -? the prisoner punch Wayne in the back , hard . Wayne scream . prisoner you stay like this . until you stand . Wayne pass out from the pain and we fade to black . Wayne be hang in he cell , delirious . 115 . r¯ be al gh¯l ( o.s. ) a U do you not think I would return , Bruce ? r¯ 's al gh¯l , in he ducard guise , step in front of Wayne . a U r¯ be al gh¯l a U I tell you I be immortal . wayne I watch you die . r¯ be al gh¯l a U there be many form of immortality . Wayne look inward , remember ... insert CUT : r¯ 's at the campfire ( from batman begins ) . a r¯ be al gh¯l a U once I have a wife . my great love . she be take from I ... insert CUT : the woman be lower into the prison ... Wayne look at r¯ 's . a wayne you be the mercenary . bane be you child . you heir . insert CUT : the mercenary at the side of the road . r¯ 's . a r¯ be al gh¯l a U a heir to ensure the League of shadows fulfill its duty to restore balance to civilization . wayne no ... r¯ be al gh¯l a U you yourself fight the decadence of gotham for year . with all you strength and resource , all you moral authority . and the only victory you could achieve be a lie . finally you understand ... gotham be beyond save ... 116 . wayne no ! r¯ be al gh¯l a U and must be allow to die . CUT to white . and we be - ext . STREET , downtown gotham - day snow blanket the street . a tumbler carve track as it patrol the desert street . blake peer from behind a park car - he be crouch , feed a kite string down a storm drain . int . sewer tunnel - continuous Ross strain to reach a note dangle on a string - he grasp it . all around he be dozen of cop live underground ... ext . gotham STREET - continuous blake wind the string , pick up a jerrycan , hurry off . int . ST . swithin be home for boy - continuous the home be pack . people , not just kid , huddle in every corner . blake spot Father Reilly . hand he the can . blake for the bus in case there 's a chance to evacuate . keep it in here - people be siphon park car . father reilly really ? blake ( grins ) how do you think I get it ? father reilly right . any news ? be the commissioner - blake less you know , Father . how're the boy ? 117 . father reilly power 's be on more , so they get some tv . blake smile . move to the door . blake , you be careful out there . they be hunt down cop like dog . blake nod . leave . int . elegant apartment , park boulevard - dawn follow selina through room strewn with trash , empty bottle and sleep partygoer . she spot a family photograph , glass smashed . a hand land on she shoulder . jen who 's that ? selina this be someone 's home . jen now it 's everyone 's home . selina stare out at a tumbler roll by . jen ' Storm 's come ' , remember ? this be what you want . selina no . it 's what I think I want . int . stone cell , underground prison - day the prisoner unty the rope from Wayne 's chest . Wayne stand . just . then walk . int . same - later Wayne do push-up . stronger . the prisoner watch . prisoner why build yourself ? wayne I be not mean to die in here . the prisoner indicate the tv : 118. siege of gotham : day 84 . prisoner here ? there ? what 's the difference ? Wayne ignore this . focus on he body ... int . stone cell , underground prison - day Wayne move to the wall - take the rope from the tattooe prisoner , wrap it around he chest . curious prisoner gather , the prisoner at they head . Wayne look up at the light , hundred of foot above . start to climb . prisoner get excited as Wayne rise - money start exchange hand . reaching the precipice , he check he rope , look up at the next handhold , far away . he take a breath , then leap . his finger brush the ledge . Wayne drop a hundred foot - the rope catch , slamming he into the rock face . the prisoner disperse , lose interest as the tattooe prisoner lower Wayne on the rope . the blind prisoner turn away . prisoner I tell you it could not be do . wayne you tell I a child do it ... prisoner no ordinary child ... insert CUT : the protector fight off prisoner as the child , older now , move to the climb wall a child bear in hell . insert CUT : the child make the climb ... pause , look down - make eye-contact with the protector , who fight off prisoner ... they swarm over the protector , knife draw . a child forge by suffer , harden by pain ... insert CUT : the child leap across the abyss , grab a handhold on the ledge and swinging up ... not a man from privilege . Wayne 's eye close in despair . 119 . ext . checkpoint , gotham bridge - day supply truck await inspection . mercenary open a 18 - wheeler - check box of ration ... wave it on ... ext . supermarket - continuous the 18 - wheeler pull up . a line of gothamite wait patiently along the sidewalk . int . 18 - wheeler - continuous Three plain-clothes special force Men emerge from the box , check , then conceal weapon . the door open - they exit . int . supermarket - continuous the special force Men carry box into the store as if deliver . the store manager lead they into the back and down into - int . lower storeroom - continuous where they be meet by four cop out of uniform . foley you have id ? special force 1 of course not . foley how can we trust you ? gordon ( o.s. ) we do not have any choice . Gordon and blake emerge from the back of the room . special force 1 commissioner Gordon ? Captain Jones , special force . gordon Captain , glad to have you here . 120 . captain jone how many of you be there ? gordon dozen . I would rather not say exactly . but the man trap underground number almost three thousand . captain jone what kind of shape they be in ? gordon they have be get water , food . captain jone could we break they out ? blake yes , sir - take out the mercenary guard the outflow south of ackerman Park , blow the rubble , you have get a hole big enough for ten at a time . I be in contact with my partner - they be wait for the day . special force 2 Men who have not see daylight for three month ? blake Men with automatic weapon who have not see daylight in three month . captain jone what about the bomb ? the satellite can not see any radiation hot spot ... ext . downtown STREET - day blake scout with Jones . a rumble make they turn . gordon ( v.o. ) they keep it on a truck - it must have a lead-line roof . they move it constantly . captain jone ( v.o. ) but you know the truck ? 121. gordon ( v.o. ) they have get three of they . the route do not vary much . two tumbler lead a massive black truck down the street . Captain Jones reach into he jacket and triggers a geiger counter . show blake the display . nod . one of the tumbler stop , turn back . blake lead they down a side street . int . lower storeroom - continuous captain jone what about the triggerman ? gordon no lead . it 's a bluff - bane would not give control of that bomb to someone else . captain jone we can not take that chance . until we have the triggerman , we just track the device , smuggle man over - blake while gotham life under a warlord , like in some fail state ? captain jone dial it back , officer . this situation be unprecedented . we can not do anything to risk million of life . blake ( to gordon ) be not you gonna tell he ?! gordon Captain , thing be more complicated than you think . there 's somebody you need to meet . blake ? blake nod , lead Jones and he man up the stair . ext . side STREET , downtown - continuous blake lead they to the door of a empty bank . 122. int . tellsons bank - continuous they head across the empty lobby to a elevator . int . office above tellsons - moment later blake lead they into empty office . cot and makeshift furnishings line the office and corridor . blake I be up here look for a vantage point . found the people who run the corporation who own it live here . captain jone which corporation ? fox ( o.s. ) Wayne enterprise . lucius Fox be there , with miranda tate . blake Captain , meet Mr. Fox . Mr. Fox , I would like you to brief the Captain . Captain Jones indicate miranda . fox miss tate be fully aware of the situation . miranda and as ceo of Wayne enterprise , I have to take responsibility for it . captain jone why ? miranda because , Captain , we build it . captain jone you build the bomb ? fox it be build as a fusion reactor . the first of its kind . bane turn the core into a bomb , then disconnect it from the reactor . 123. blake and here 's the important part . fox as the device 's fuel cell decay , it 's become increasingly unstable ... until the point of detonation . blake the bomb 's a time bomb . fox and it will go off . in twenty - three day . Captain Jones reel at this news . blake bane 's revolution be a sham . he 's watch gotham rearrange its deckchair while the whole ship 's go down . you appeasement plan might not be as practical as you think . Captain Jones throw blake a look . address Fox . captain jone could you disarm it ? fox I do not know , but I could reconnect it to the reactor . stabilize it . captain jone we would have to let the Pentagon know . special force 2 they will be monitoring we frequencies - captain jone we have no choice . let 's move away from this location , then call it in . 124 . int . tellsons bank - moment later Captain Jones exit the elevator , follow by he man and blake . halfway across the floor , hell break loose . mercenary blast they with machine gun - the lobby become a devastating ambush . blake dive back into the elevator . int . office above tellsons - continuous blake fly out of the elevator . blake Fox , somebody sell we out ! Fox and miranda burst into the corridor . fox take miranda - blake grab miranda , head for the back stair . mercenary jump out of the elevator , fire high . mercernary down on the floor ! Fox freeze . lower himself to the ground . int . tellsons bank - continuous Captain Jones go down in a hail of bullet . the other special force Men be down . bane enter , midge Jones with he toe . he be alive . barely . bane lean in close . Jones look up at he , defiant . captain jone I will die before I talk ... bane I be on you schedule , Captain . bane place he hand over Jones 's nose and mouth . mercernary there be people live upstairs . bane look up , disinterested . Jones be dead . bane give they over for judgement . ( indicate body . ) hang they where the world will see . 125 . int . stone cell , underground prison - day Wayne stare at the tv : the special force body hang in the cable of gotham Bridge . Wayne throw a stone into the screen . int . same - later Wayne do endless push-up , squat , stretch . the blind prisoner listen . he speak in a ancient tongue . prisoner he say the leap to freedom be not about strength . wayne my body make the jump . blind prisoner ( cracked english ) survival be the spirit . the soul . wayne my soul 's as ready to escape as my body . blind prisoner fear be why you fail . wayne I be not afraid . I be angry . Wayne throw punch ... focus . int . underground prison - day Wayne take the rope at the foot of the climb . prisoner look up , but none bother to gather round . Wayne start climb , determine . he fight the rock face ... breathe hard . grab at a rock - it come away in he hand . he drop - smashes into the rock face . the blind prisoner shake he head . a skinny prisoner play card with the prisoner look up at Wayne , hang upside down . skinny prisoner should not you get he down ? the prisoner glance up at Wayne , disdainful . 126 . prisoner he will keep . as Wayne drift into unconsciousness we - insert CUT : Young Bruce lie at the bottom of the well , look up at he father , lowering down to rescue he . thomas wayne ( v.o. ) and why do we fall ? int . cave prison - night Wayne wake with a start - the blind prisoner be there . blind prisoner ( cracked english ) you do not fear death . you think this make you strong . this make you weak . wayne why ? blind prisoner how can you move faster then possible ? fight longer than possible ? if not from the most powerful impulse of the spirit . the fear of death . the will to survive . Wayne get up onto he elbow . look at the blind prisoner . wayne I do fear death . I fear die in here while my city burn with no one there to save it . blind prisoner then make the climb . wayne how ? blind prisoner as the child do . without the rope . ( dry laugh . ) then fear will find you again . Wayne consider this . 127 . int . cave prison - morning Wayne put some scrap of bread into a rough coat which he fold into a makeshift shoulder pack . prisoner supplies for you journey ? prisoner nearby laugh . Wayne move to the cliff face . the prisoner follow , intrigue by Wayne 's new demeanor . the tattooe prisoner offer he the rope . Wayne refuse . start to climb . prisoner gather around as word spread . Wayne make he way cautiously up the treacherous rock face . down below the prisoner start a low chant . as Wayne hoist himself up onto the precipice something explode from the cliff face . Wayne flinch - bat ... they circle up to the open above ... Wayne close he eye . the chant rise . Wayne take a breath ... open he eye ... look down at the drop ... up again ... then he jump . time skip a beat as the prisoner stop breathe . and Wayne grab the ledge above . the prisoner go wild as Wayne hoist himself up onto the ledge . the blind prisoner nod . Wayne climb to freedom . ext . cave prison , near a fortress - continuous Wayne climb out of the hole and into formidable desolation . he shoulder he pack - spot a large coil of rope attach to the wall . he push it into the hole then walk away ... int . basement , abandoned stock exchange - day a mass of huddle gothamite . professional ( trader , industrialist ) . in a corner , Fox . mercenary come down into the chamber , pull out a man , who start yell . it be stryver , daggett 's functionary . stryver I want to see bane ! there 's be a mistake ! take I to bane ! Fox watch he drag upstairs ... 128. int . abandoned stock exchange - moment later a kangaroo court . stryver be drag before a jeer crowd . stryver there 's be a mistake ! where 's bane ?! voice ( o.s. ) there 's be no mistake , Mr. stryver . stryver turn to look at the ' judge ' : Dr. Jonathan crane . crane you be Philip stryver , executive vice - president of daggett industry ? ( off nod from stryver . ) the same Philip stryver who for year live like a prince off the blood and sweat of people less powerful ? stryver call bane ! I be one of you ! jeer . pull back to reveal a silent figure , watch . bane . crane bane have no authority here . this be merely a sentencing hearing . the choice be yours , death or exile . stryver look around , terrify , as the crowd shout ' death ' . stryver Exile . crane ( smashes gavel ) sold ...to the man in the cold sweat ! mercenary pull stryver from the dock ... ext . gotham river - day stryver , with other wealthy gothamite , be lead down to the ice . a blackgate inmate undoe he handcuffs , whisper . 129 . blackgate inmate follow the tick ice . try to swim - you be dead in minute . stryver have anyone make it ? the blackgate inmate turn away . stryver be force onto the ice . he shuffles forward , listen to the creak ... stryver be a hundred yard out when the river swallow he . int . empty office build - day Gordon stand over a map of the city . a handful of cop sit around the room . wait . Gordon look at he watch . gordon where the hell be they ? it 's not like we have a lot of time , here . cop how long ? gordon the bomb go off tomorrow . we have get about eighteen hour to do something . cop to do what ? gordon we mark that truck . get a gps on it , then we can start think about how to take it down . the door open and blake enter , follow by ten cop . Gordon be count they in . he move to blake . gordon ( low ) that 's it ? blake just look at he . Gordon check the face . realize . gordon foley . where 's foley , dammit ?! Gordon head for the door . 130 . blake you should not be out on the street - ext . foley' brownstone - day Gordon hurry up the step to a brownstone . stabs the bell . foley' wife Jim . he 's not here - Gordon , furious , address the hallway behind she . gordon you be send you wife to the door when the city 's under occupation ?! foley appear at the end of the corridor . ashame . foley wait in the kitchen , honey . gordon what do you do , bury you uniform in the backyard ? foley Jim , you see what they do to that special force . gordon you forget all the year we go out on patrol with every gangbanger want to plant one as soon as we back be turn ? foley this be different and you know it . this guy run the city - the government 's do a deal with they - gordon deal ?! bane 's get they ball in a vice . that 's not a deal - foley you move against bane , the triggerman 's gonna hit the button - 131 . gordon you think he 's give control of that bomb to one of ' the people ' ?! you think this be part of some revolution ? there 's one man with he finger on the button - bane . foley we have to keep we head down until they can fix this . if you still have family here maybe you would - gordon this only get fix from inside the city , foley . ( calmer . ) look , I be not ask you to walk down Grand in you dress blue . but we have get to do something before this maniac blow we all to hell . foley I be sorry Jim . I gotta - gordon keep you head down ? what 's that gonna do tomorrow , when that thing blow ? foley you do not know that 's go to happen . foley close the door on Gordon . Gordon stand there . miranda ( o.s ) I hear you be look for man , commissioner . Gordon turn to see miranda , blake behind she . blake shrug . miranda how about I , instead ? gordon miss tate , I can not ask you - miranda my company build it . gordon Bruce Wayne build it . 132 . miranda and he want to destroy it . it be I who do not listen . please . Gordon look at blake . then miranda . nod . gordon let 's go . ext . gotham STREET - day a kid sprint down the desert street , chase by two gangbanger . the kid slip in the snow - the man be on he . gangbanger you steal from we , you little bastard ? they grab the kid 's backpack , the gangbanger pull out a apple , move to hit the kid when - smack ! - he hand be grab , and the apple fly into the air as he arm crack . selina catch the apple . selina you boy know you can not come into my neighborhood without ask politely . gangbanger 2 lunge with a knife - she spin he , make he stab himself in the backside . the gangbanger run off , howling . the kid eye she , wary . selina never steal anything from someone you can not outrun , kid . kid now you be gonna take it . selina look at the red apple . take one perfect bite . selina just tax . she toss he the apple . he take it and run . wayne ( o.s. ) pretty generous , for a thief . selina recognize the voice . turn to find Wayne - strong , but weathered . beard , work clothes . 133. selina you come back . I think they would kill you . wayne not yet . selina if you be expect a apology - wayne it would not suit you . I need you help . selina and why would I help you ? Wayne pull a usb drive out of he pocket . wayne for this . the ' clean Slate ' . selina you be gonna trust I with that ? after what I do to you ? wayne I admit I feel a little let down . but I still think there 's more to you . in fact , I think for you - ( indicate usb ) this be not a tool , it 's a escape route . you want to disappear . start fresh . she look at he . take the drive , stare at it . selina start fresh ? I can not even get off this island . wayne I can give you a way off . once you have get I to lucius Fox . I need you to find out where they be hold he . then take I in . selina why do you need Fox ? wayne to save this city . 134 . selina who say it need save ? maybe I like it this way . wayne maybe you do . but tomorrow that bomb 's go off . selina get you powerful friend on the case . wayne I be try . but I need Fox . ext . gotham street - day Gordon and he Men be in two - man team . Gordon be walk down the street with miranda . he hand she a geiger counter . gordon stay further up the block . ( point at Men . ) they be gonna cross the street and try and slow the truck down . as it approach , hit this button . if the needle hit two hundred - give I the signal and I mark the truck . okay ? blake ( over radio ) head up . blake be up on a rooftop . Gordon move down to the other end of the block . as the truck rumble into view , Gordon 's Men walk out into the street in front of it as if crossing the road . the convoy barely slow . miranda give Gordon the signal . as the truck come past , he toss a magnetic gps locator at the lower part of the truck ... Gordon regroup with he Men on the corner . check he gps . gordon get it . they keep move , turn down the next street ... into a ambush . dozen of mercenary , weapon train . mercenary commissioner Gordon , you be under arrest . 135 . gordon on whose authority ? mercernary the people of gotham . blake , from he vantage point , watch Gordon , miranda and the other cop be round up and lead away ... int . basement , abandoned stock exchange - day miranda comfort a cry woman in the corner . thug come down the stair , laugh , lead a hood prisoner . they kick he down the last step and he stumble . Fox move to he aid . basement thug 1 find this one a spot , he 's get a big day tomorrow . they dump the hood man with Fox . basement thug 2 we all do . it 's not every day you bag Bruce Wayne ... Fox hear this . pull the bag from Wayne 's head . Wayne nod at he , silent . Fox nod back . the thug leave . miranda come over . miranda Bruce ? fox you pick a hell of a time to go on vacation , Mr. Wayne . wayne how long until the core ignites ? fox that bomb go off in twelve hour . wayne unless we can connect it to the reactor . fox if you can get it there . I will find a way to plug it back in . ( indicate miranda . ) can you get miranda out ? 136 . wayne not tonight . I be sorry . miranda do what 's necessary . wayne ( to fox ) tonight I need you . fox what for ? wayne to get I back in the game . catwoman come down the stair with the thug . catwoman sorry to spoil thing , boy , but bane want this guy himself ... the thug pull Wayne and Fox to they foot - miranda look up . wayne I will not forget about you . miranda I know . ext . colonnade , holding area - continuous the thug lead Wayne and Fox along the colonnade . catwoman spin , take out one thug with a heel , one with a punch to the throat . Fox smile as she unlock he wrist . fox I like you girlfriend , Mr. Wayne . catwoman he should be so lucky . and she 's go . Fox turn to Wayne . who shrug . int . dark space - night light flicker on ... Wayne and Fox be in the bat-bunker . 137 . wayne any move I make against bane or the bomb - the triggerman set it off . fox they can not be use radio or cell - too much interference . infrare do not have the range . it could only be micro-burst long wave ... Wayne open a panel in the wall , take out equipment : mini-mine , batarang , utility belt ... wayne could you block it ? fox yes . I need the emp cannon- guidance mount from the bat . you remember where you park ? Wayne nod . smile . the batsuit rise from the floor ... int . abandoned stock exchange - evening ( late day ) Gordon and he man on trial . crane preside . crane the charge be espionage and attempt sabotage ... do you have anything to say in you defense ? gordon no lawyer , no witness . what sort of due process be this ? crane more than you give harvey 's prisoner , commissioner . you guilt be determine , this be merely a sentencing hearing . what 's it to be , death or exile ? gordon crane , if you think we be go willingly out onto that ice , you have get another think come . crane death , then ? 138. gordon look that way . crane very well ... death ... ( smile . ) by exile . he smashes he gavel . bane lean in to one of he man , indicate miranda . bane bring she to I . int . stairwell , skyscraper - sunset Wayne bound up the stair . Fox follow , out of breath lucius I think it 's time to talk about my year - end bonus ... ext . rooftop , skyscraper , gotham - moment later Fox emerge to see Wayne uncover the bat ... as the sun set , Fox start pull apart the gun mount . fox she fly pretty well ? wayne even without the autopilot ... fox autopilot ? that 's what you be there for . ext . gotham river - night Gordon and the rest of the man stand at the edge of the ice . a mercenary fire he gun in the air . Gordon take a breath , then lead he man onto the ice ... which creak and groan ... further out , Gordon stop - sniff - look down : a pool of liquid , beside it : a flare . Gordon pick it up , puzzle . batman ( o.s. ) Light it up . 139 . Gordon , energize by the familiar voice , light the flare - jam it into the liquid , send a trail of FIRE across the ice - up into a building where it form the shape of a bat ... int . foley' brownstone - continuous foley' kide dad ! check it out ! foley' wife honey , take a look ! foley move to a back window . see the flame sign . ext . gotham STREET - continuous a mercenary nervously approach bane 's back . mercenary Sir ? bane turn . the mercenary point at the sign . mercenary you think it 's really he ? bane impossible ... int . foley' brownstone , bedroom - moment later foley yank up the floorboard . pull he dress blue from they hide place . ext . outflow pipe , ackerman park - continuous mercenary guard the entrance see the sign . one of they move out to get a better look . wham ! he be take out by a dark figure . the figure step into the light - it be blake ... ext . gotham river - continuous batman hand Gordon a metal box . 140 . batman this block the remote detonator signal to the bomb . get it onto the truck by sunrise . they might hit the button when it start . gordon when what start ? batman War . ext . outflow pipe , ackerman park - continuous blake take out a second mercenary - move over to the open manhole . Ross emerge - not at blake , who help he climb out . bang - Ross go down as blake dive for cover . blake be grab by mercenary . they detonate the manhole , sealing it , prepare to execute blake . a dark shape drop onto the mercenary ... blake watch , in awe , as batman take they out in a fury of punch and kick - then it be finish . quiet . one of the mercenary move slightly . blake you miss a spot . batman boot he in the head as he move towards blake . batman if you be work alone , wear a mask . blake no one care who I be . batman the mask be not for you . it 's to protect the people you care about . blake huh . and you always seem to know where that people be . how be that ? batman I lose someone once . since then I break into they home when they be sleep and implant a tracking device on the back of they neck . blake laugh . then feel the back of he neck . batman toss blake a mini-mine . 141 . batman on three - one , two , three - they throw the mini-mine at the rubble of the entrance - the blast barely move any rubble . blake no offense , but you get anything bigger in that belt ? batman that 's to warn the man on the other side . batman disappear into the shadow . blake but how do we -? kaabooom ! the bat 's cannon light up the night . blake okay . cop climb out into the cold night - skinny , rag , but glad to be alive and carry gun ... blake what now ? batman all - out assault on bane ... but you need to get the people you care about across the bridge . blake why ? batman in case we fail . lead a exodus across the bridge . save as many life as you can . blake do not you need I here ? batman you have give I a army . now go . blake nod . turn to leave . stop . 142. blake thank you . batman do not thank I yet . blake I might not get a chance later . batman nod . blake disappear into the night . ext . gotham STREET - continuous Gordon check the metal box . put it under he coat . nod at he man , hide in the doorway . check he gps ... ext . alley - night batman lead catwoman to a rusty old container . he open it , revealing the bat-pod . catwoman 's eye light up . catwoman oh , you should not have ... she hop on , feel the control . batman the mid-town tunnel 's block by debris , but the cannon give you enough firepower to make a path for people . catwoman marvel at the control ... batman to start it , you - varrooom ! catwoman I get it . batman we have get forty - five minute to save this city - catwoman no , I have get forty - five minute to get clear of the blast radius , because you do not stand a chance against this guy . 143. batman with you help I might . she shake she head . catwoman I will open that tunnel , then I be go . he look at she . batman there 's more to you than that . she stare back at he . facade slip a touch . catwoman sorry to keep let you down . he say nothing . she look at he , implore . come with I . save yourself . you do not owe this people anymore - you have give they everything ... batman not everything . not yet . batman turn . catwoman watch he go . then fire up the bike and take off . ext . street leading to south tunnel - night catwoman tear along on the bat-pod . she pull up at the tunnel entrance block by stack vehicle . ext . downtown street - dawn the army of cop stand at the low end of the street . at the op be bane 's stronghold - City Hall . Men pour out of the building , form up into a oppose line . a cop wear full dress blue step forward . it be foley . the silence be eerie ... the number look evenly match - until two tumbler arrive . voice ( over loudspeaker ) disperse . disperse or be fire upon . the cop look shaky , pale , but determine . 144 . foley there 's only one police in this city . he step forward . the line follow . ext . CITY hall - continuous bane stand in the colonnade . watch . bane open fire . ext . STREET , downtown gotham - continuous the tumbler FIRE into the line of cop , throwing man into the air , scream . the line of cop be about to scatter - whoooshhh . the bat drop down in front of the cop and blast both tumbler , flipping they sideways . the bat rise and the cop run towards the mercenary , fire - until they be close enough to fight hand - to-hand . the street be fill with thousand of man in pitch battle . ext . street leading to south tunnel - continuous catwoman , hearing the distant battle , blast the tunnel blockage ... the dust settles . her path be clear . ext . gotham STREET - continuous Gordon hear the fight . check the box . nervous . gordon come on , come on ... ext . downtown STREET - continuous bane stride through the battle , take out cop leave and right . a space clear - he be face the face with the batman ... bane you come back . to die with you city . batman no . I come back to stop you . 145 . bane leap at batman , smash powerful blow into he head . batman duck , weave and smashes he fist into bane 's side . someone be watch from the window of City Hall - miranda . ext . gotham STREET - continuous the black truck round the corner . Gordon signal he man in a Greyhound bus - who pull across the street . the truck smashes into the bus and stop . Gordon and he man swarm in , blast at the Guards . Gordon open the back - empty . no bomb . wrong truck . gordon that 's impossible ... come on ! cut over to fifth ! they sprint for the next parallel avenue ... int . reactor plant - continuous Fox hurry into the reactor - start throw switch ... ext . ST . swithin be home for boy - continuous blake lead the boy out of the home - point down the street . blake knock on door , spread the word - the bomb 's go to blow ! get out by the South Street tunnel , or over the bridge ! do two block , then get back to the bus ! the boy race down the street . Father Reilly climb into the bus . ext . downtown street - continuous batman and bane fight , batman push bane back - a tumbler roar between they , separate they . batman chase after . 146 . int . lobby , CITY hall - continuous bane smashes backwards through the door , batman on he . batman pound bane against the marble floor . mercenary guard miranda move towards they - bane stay back . he be mine - bane smashes batman 's head - move in for the kill , but batman smashes bane to the ground , rip sideways across the tube of bane 's mask with the blade of he forearm . bane bellow , thrashing in agony . batman hold he down with a hand on he throat - search he with he free hand . batman give I the trigger ! you would never give it to a ordinary citizen - bane 's thrashing calm as he stare at batman through pain - soak eye ... gasp through he break mask for relief . bane I break you . how have you come back ? batman you think you be the only one who could learn the strength to escape ? bane look at batman , curiosity behind he pain . bane I never escape - r¯ 's al gh¯l a U rescue I . that be why I must fulfill he plan . that be why I must avenge he murder . batman ( confuse ) the child of r¯ 's al gh¯l make the a U climb - miranda ( o.s ) but he be not the child of r¯ 's al a gh¯l ... U batman flinch , freeze as miranda lean into he ear ... 147 . miranda I be . miranda have a knife through batman 's suit , into he rib ... and though I be not ' ordinary ' , I be a citizen ... she pull out the trigger ... ext . fifth STREET - continuous Gordon spot the second black truck move down the street . his man pull in front , slow it . Gordon jump into the back . the truck accelerate - Gordon drop , hang on to the bumper , struggle with the box , try to turn it on ... int . lobby , CITY hall - continuous batman can not move to defend himself . he have bane by the throat , but miranda have she knife in he side - miranda / talia my mother name I talia before she be kill . the way I would have be kill if not for my protector ... bane . insert CUT : the child , talia , make eye-contact with the protector , then leap . down below , prisoner swarm over the protector , rip the muslin from he face . bane look up at talia , say one quiet word - bane Goodbye . then be overrun . talia I climb out of the pit ... insert CUT : Young talia stand by the hole look out at the landscape ... I find my father and bring he back to exact terrible vengeance - but by that time ... the prisoner and the doctor have do they work to my friend ... my protector ... talia reach up to touch bane 's mask . 148. insert CUT : the League of shadows descend into the prison - at they head , r¯ 's al gh¯l . they slaughter prisoner . then a U stop . r¯ 's al gh¯l have find bane , bandage . a U talia the League take we in . train we ... int . temple , league of shadow - day bane in a prototype mask , stand on log , block blow from man with stick . talia ( v.o. ) but my father could not accept bane . r¯ 's al gh¯l watch bane training . turn away . a U int . lobby , CITY hall - continuous talia look into bane 's eye as she hold the knife in batman 's side . talia he see only a monster who could never be tame . whose very existence be a reminder of the hell he would leave he wife to die in . he excommunicate bane from the League of shadows . his only crime be that he love I . I could not truly forgive my father ... talia look at batman , cold . until you murder he . batman he be try to kill million of innocent people - talia ' innocent ' be a strong word to throw around gotham , Bruce . I honor my father by finish he work . Vengeance against the man who kill he be simply a reward for my patience ... talia twist the knife in batman 's side . you see , it 's the slow knife ... the knife that take its time , the ( more ) 149 . talia ( cont 'd ) knife that wait year without forget , then slip quietly between bone ... that 's the knife - talia arm the trigger ... - that cut deep . she hit the button - nothing . ext . fifth STREET - continuous a light on the metal box be blink . Gordon hang on - int . lobby , CITY hall - continuous talia turn , furious . batman you knife may have be too slow ... a mercenary step forward - mercenary the truck 's under attack - talia look around , mind racing . talia Gordon . ( to batman . ) you give he a way to block my signal . no matter - ( look at watch . ) he 's buy gotham eleven minute . ( shout at mercenary . ) prepare a convoy . we must secure the bomb until it detonate . talia jump to she foot . bane grab a shotgun from a mercenary - point it at batman . talia not yet ... I want he to feel the heat . ( to batman . ) feel the fire of twelve million soul you fail . talia reach up to bane 's mask , reconnect he tube , tenderly . Goodbye , my friend . bane nod at she , slowly . talia move out with the mercenary . 150 . ext . CITY hall - continuous talia get into a tumbler with a mercenary . Three tumbler pull out in convoy , blow anything out of the way - car , cop . foley stand in the road , fire he sidearm . talia 's tumbler smashes he out of the way . int . lobby , CITY hall - continuous bane grab batman , throw he into the floor - check the round in the barrel . bane you will have to imagine the fire - he shut the gun - jam it into batman 's face . we both know I need to kill you now . he squeeze the trigger . blammm ! bane be blast across the lobby by cannon fire . catwoman be there , on the bat-pod . catwoman the whole no - gun thing ? I do not feel as strongly about it as you do . ext . gotham bridge - continuous blake pull up to the barricade , lead the kid off , march they up the bridge , Father Reilly at the rear . a uniform shout through the loudhailer - uniform stay there ! what be you do ?! blake ( pull badge ) blake , mcu - I be get this boy to safety - uniform Safety ?! you be gonna get we all kill . anyone cross this bridge they blow the city - 151 . blake it 's gonna blow anyway . we need this bridge open right now . uniform no one leave the island . order - blake whose order ? bane 's ? uniform Police Department 's . blake have not you hear the shoot ? the batman 's battle it out with bane - uniform the batman 's dead . look , Officer - blake it 's detective - uniform well , detective , you take one more step , we have to shoot you . two more step , we have to blow the bridge . blake ( to the boy ) wait for I back at the bus . the boy walk back down the bridge ... ext . downtown street - continuous talia 's convoy surround the black truck . tumbler off each flank , protect the bomb as it count down ... int . lobby , CITY hall - continuous batman look at catwoman . batman I need you on the ground , I in the air , we have to force that convoy east , to the entrance to the reactor - 152 . ext . CITY hall - moment later catwoman roar down the step on the bat-pod . int . black truck - continuous Gordon climb into the back of the truck - the bomb be there , heating up . he look at the countdown - nine minute ... ext . gotham bridge - continuous blake turn back to the uniform . blake you order be out of date ! the situation 's change ! listen , I be a cop like you . and I be walk out there . please do not shoot I . blake walk . Shots ring out at he foot . he keep walk ... ext . gotham street - continuous the bat descend on the convoy , catwoman approach on the ground . a roll battle ensue . catwoman target the rear of the tumbler , batman swing the bat in low at the junction , try to force the convoy east ... the tumbler 's gun turret swing around onto catwoman . she swerve to avoid heavy fire . ext . gotham bridge - continuous blake continue to walk , ignore the warning shot . uniform son-of-a-bitch ! ( to he partner . ) blow it ! before he reach the line - his partner arm the detonator . uniform shout at blake - uniform get down ! we be blow the bridge ! as blake look , disbely , the bridge in front of he blast upwards in a massive fireball . blake dive backwards . 153 . ext . gotham street - continuous the bat blast away in front of the convoy , make a huge crater in front of a tumbler and trapping it , rear in the air . catwoman dodge around it , use the bat -pod cannon to take out another tumbler ... the countdown tick away ... seven minute . int . reactor plant - continuous as Fox fire up the reactor something catch he eye - something be wrong ... ext . gotham bridge - continuous the smoke clear , blake see the impossible gap . blake you idiot ! you son of bitch ! you be kill we !! int . black truck - continuous Gordon climb out the back of the truck but be immediately strafe by gunfire from the tumbler . he dive back inside , move to the front of the trailer - look at the bulkhead , gaug the driver 's position . start fire blind through the bulkhead - int . cab , black truck - continuous bullet fly through the cab . the driver take one , fall forward , dead . talia take the wheel - bullet keep come . ext . gotham bridge - continuous blake race back . Father Reilly have the boy in a huddle , praying - blake Father ! get the boy on the bus - father reilly but there 's nowhere to go , son . 154 . ext . gotham street - continuous the bat spin down in front of the black truck , force it into a hard right turn ... int . truck - continuous talia watch the navigation screen . tumbler driver ( over radio ) they be try to force we onto grand - talia push we to the entrance of the reactor . they be go to try and reconnect the core . tumbler driver ( over radio ) can they ? talia smile . int . reactor plant - continuous Fox run to a ladder . alarm sound . as he hit the ladder he turn . a massive rumble build - water smashes into the reactor , flooding in from both direction . ext . gotham street - continuous catwoman come up behind the lead tumbler . she blast it again and again - it flip diagonally into the path of the black truck , cause the truck to lurch onto its side . both vehicle careen into the mouth of the tunnel . int . reactor plant - continuous Fox loop he arm around a rung of the ladder and brace as a wave smashes into he , painfully ... 155 . ext . tunnel entrance - continuous Gordon jump out of the truck , open the rear door to expose the glow core . catwoman pull up on the bat-pod . gordon give I a hand ! the bat land at the tunnel mouth . Gordon move in to try and grab the core but it be too hot . let 's get a cable on it and drag it out ! come on , we be almost there - laughter . Gordon turn . talia , lie half out the truck . dying . talia Fox show I how to operate the reactor core . include the emergency flood - int . reactor plant - continuous Fox pull himself above the rise whitewater - ext . tunnel entrance - continuous Gordon look down at talia . batman be at he side . talia there be no way to stop this bomb . prepare yourselves ... ( look up at batman . ) my father 's work be do . talia smile as she eye flutter close . Gordon turn - batman be at the core , plunging he hand into the heat to attach a hoist from the bat . gordon what be you do ? batman two minute . I can fly it out over the bay ... catwoman be at he side as he work . catwoman rig it out to fly over the water , then bail - 156 . batman no autopilot . she take this in . he stand to face she . catwoman you could have go anywhere . be anything . but you come back here . batman so do you . catwoman I guess we be both sucker . she put she arm around he neck . kiss he . batman move to the bat , Gordon alongside . gordon so this be the part where you vanish , only this time you do not come back ? batman open the canopy . ext . gotham bridge - continuous blake grab at the smallest boy , shove they onto the bus . blake come on ! on the bus ! father reilly what be you do ? blake Protection from the blast - father reilly it 's a atom bomb -! blake turn on Father Reilly , furious . blake you think they need to hear that in they last second ? you think I be go to let they die without hope ? 157 . ext . tunnel entrance - continuous Gordon put a hand on batman 's arm . gordon I never care who you be - batman and you be right . gordon but should not the people know the hero who save they ? batman a hero can be anyone . that be always the point . batman sit into the cockpit , then look again at Gordon . anyone . a man do something as simple and reassure as put a coat around a little boy 's shoulder to let he know that the world have not end ... the canopy close - and as the bat fire up Gordon remember - insert CUT : Gordon , in he uniform , wrap the overcoat around the Young Bruce 's shoulder , he eye reassure , loving . Gordon look up to the cockpit - gordon Bruce Wayne ? - but be dust by downdraft as the bat rise . Gordon leap out of the way as the core be drag along and out of the tunnel mouth . the bat struggle with the weight of the smoking core ... a building be in the way - batman fight the control but there 's no power to get over it . ext . gotham bridge - continuous blake shout into the bus - blake head down ! head down , now ! 158 . father reilly blake , they need to make they peace . blake turn to he , furious . blake they be child ! they have no peace to make - a explosion from downtown gotham . blake look across , startle , turn to the child on the bus . get down ! this be it ! the smallest of the boy stare through the window past blake . little boy no. that 's batman ! blake turn to see the bat thunder out of the heart of gotham , trail smoke , the core hang from it . it curve dangerously close to the bridge before head for the mouth of the river ... the bay ... the ocean ... until a point of light fire into a enormous nuclear blast - wind and light and dust blow violently but harmlessly over the bridge , the tunnel mouth , all of gotham ... as the nuclear dawn fade over gotham , and we see its inhabitant start to raise they head , and helicopter and boat converge on the island , we hear a voice . Jim Gordon . gordon ( v.o. ) ' I see a beautiful city and a brilliant people rise from this abyss ... ' blake pull out he badge . throw it into the river . gordon ( v.o. ) ' I see the life for which I lay down my life , peaceful , useful , prosperous and happy ... ' ext . garden , wayne manor - day Gordon be read from a Tale of two city . opposite be Fox , arm in a sling , and blake , grim . another figure be there , whose face we do not yet see ... 159 . gordon ' I see that I hold a sanctuary in they heart , and in the heart of they descendant , generation hence . it be a far , far better thing that I do , than I have ever do ... ' Gordon close the book , look down at Bruce Wayne 's grave . ' it be a far , far better rest that I go to than I have ever know . ' Gordon look up at the figure stand across from he ... Alfred . tear stream . Fox place a gentle hand on Alfred 's shoulder , then leave . Gordon and blake follow . Alfred , alone with the Wayne family , turn to the grave beside Bruce 's - the grave of Thomas and martha Wayne . alfred I be so sorry . I fail you . you trust I , and I fail you . and the old man 's shoulder begin to shake with sob . ext . front entrance , wayne manor - continuous Gordon nod at lucius . blake be at Gordon 's side . gordon can I change you mind about quit the force ? blake no . what you say about structure . about shackle . I can not take it . the injustice . ( gesture at garden . ) I mean ... no one 's ever go to know who save a entire city . gordon they know . ( off look . ) it be batman . 160 . ext . plaza , downtown gotham - day Gordon , on a platform with dignitary , watch a statue be unveil . the curtain part : batman , immortalize in granite . we move in on the stone face ... voice ( v.o. ) Mr. Wayne 's will be not amend to reflect he more modest estate ... int . lawyer' office - day the voice belong to Wayne 's lawyer , address a small group . lawyer Nonetheless , there be considerable asset to dispose of ... the content of the house be to be sold - he glance up to see someone slip into the room - blake . ext . wayne manor - day mover carefully bring artwork and furniture out of the house , watch by a solitary figure . Alfred . lawyer ( v.o. ) - to settle the estate 's account . the remainder be leave in its entirety to Alfred J. pennyworth ... int . lawyer' office - day blake shift . out of place . the lawyer continue . lawyer the house and grounds be leave to the city of gotham , on condition that they never be demolish , alter , or otherwise interfered with - 161 . ext . wayne manor - day different mover carry bunk bed into the huge house . lawyer ( v.o. ) and that they shall be use for one purpose , and one purpose only ... a schoolbus pull up . Father Reilly shepherd child towards the house . the child look up at the house , wide - eye . the housing and care of the city 's at -risk and orphane child . a sign read : the martha and thomas wayne home for child int . lawyer' office - day people file out as the lawyer stand . lawyer my clerk will help anyone with the smaller correspondence and instruction ... blake approach the clerk . she smile . blake blake , John . clerk ( check list ) nothing here . blake realize , offer she he drive license . blake try my legal name . the clerk glance at the license . check . clerk yup , here it be . she reach down behind the desk , sorting through various item , and hand he a sport bag . blake take it , curious . clerk you should use you full name . I like that name ... Robin . 162. blake smile , embarrassed . leave . lawyer any word on the miss item ? clerk no , not yet . lawyer well , they would better leave no stone unturned ... we can not just put a string of pearl on the manifest as ' lose ' . int . applied science - day Fox stand in front of the second camouflage rotor . two tech be examine the control in the cockpit . tech 1 why worry about the stabilization software ? this whole autopilot system 's obsolete - fox please , I just need to know what I could have do to fix it . tech 2 but Mr. Fox , it 's already be fix . ( typed on panel . ) Software patch ... six month ago . fox ( confuse ) check the user ident on the patch ... tech 2 type some more key . look surprised . tech 2 huh. Bruce Wayne . Fox turn away from the rotor , a idea start to form ... ext . wood - day blake sit in he car look at a gps device , puzzle . beside he , the sport bag , open . in it be a piece of paper with coordinate , on top of some climb rope and shackle . blake get out of the car with the bag . follow the gps into the tree . 163. ext . café , florence - day Alfred , paper under he arm , head to he usual table . sit . waiter lei e solo ? alfred Si , fernet branca , per cortesia . ext . wood - day blake find a large waterfall ... he check he gps , confuse . stare at the waterfall . reaches for the climb gear ... ext . mcu - night Gordon step onto the roof with he pile of arrest report ... ext . café , florence - day as Alfred sip he drink , he glance up at a couple at the next table . stranger . Alfred look back down ... int . cave - day move in on the waterfall from inside ... blake burst through , landing painfully on the shale inside . he get to he foot , move cautiously into the cave ... ext . mcu - night Gordon bang he file against the air duct , straighten they . he stop . see something . the searchlight ... fix . Gordon run he finger across a brand new , steel bat symbol ... he look up into the night ... int . cave - day blake light he torch ... then duck , crouching , as thousand of screeching creature descend . bat ... 164 . ext . café , florence - day Alfred fold he paper . pull out he money , then stop , see ... across the table , a familiar couple ... Bruce smile at Alfred , who nod . Bruce turn back to the pretty brunette in pearl . selina . Alfred pay he bill , content . int . cave - day blake lift he head , feeling the bat all around he ... blake rise , and be swallowed by the darkness of they wing and we - fade out . credit . the end .