aorta nee nthenn eee not nteninenen tne semmenteene mentee tmeneitnetemneenis faemereninnte etnreene nen ttnemne mapa nerentinnn enementnony erent ae ee i the fog . . . - . by ' . Cooper layne '' i} fade in on a old stone lighthouse stand sentry on a rocky bluff , high above the pounding surf . and as we get closer , we see a man stand in the window , stare out at the vast sea with troubled eye . int . the lighthouse - day Inside the small , glass - enclose room , the man set a pen and ink on a write table . he open a leather - bound book , the cover of which read : journal of patrick malone he ink the pen and begin to write . malone ( v.o. ) April 21st , 1905 . the die be cast ... on a stretch of white sand beach - night twelve men stand in a line . some hold kerosene lamp . all be dress in black , like they mood . malone ( v.o. ) a vote have be take and we decision make . I have volunteer to carry - out the deed , much to the dismay of my erica and the child ... malone move down the line of man . the last of they hand he a official - look parchment , roll and tie with a ribbon . without ceremony , malone turn and walk towards the ocean ~ night where two oarsmen shove a longboat into the surf . malone get in , and we 'il notice some cargo , lash - down under a tarp . malone ( v.o . ) my mind race with the think of what I must now do . of what must be do . and as they put out to sea , malone look back to find ... eleven men stand on the beach . Silent . watch . on malone steady rowing be the only SOUND we hear . malone sit rapt in think , when something up ahead catch he eye . the oarsmen stop row and we reverse angle to reveal a advance fog bank , not 50 foot ahead . the oarsmen look to malone . malone afraid of a little fog , be we ? he nod at they to press on . they pick up the rhythm again , disappear into the swirl mist ... int . a ship 's hold ~- night moving through the belly of a clipper ship , a labyrinth of light and shadow , light by hang lantern sway from the rafter . there be people in here , scurrying about , perform what we would guess be they assign duty . they be oddly dress in cloak and shroud , and we can not see they face . a man , dress like the other , descend the creaky stair into the hold . his name be blake , and we can tell by the deference pay he , he be they leader . he walk amongst they with he lantern , offer a gentle pat on the back or a quiet nod ... int . captain quarter - night blake enter the room . a woman sit at a dress table , face away from we , brush she long , dark hair . we notice she hairbrush -- make of pure gold , engrave with intricate pattern ... on hearing blake enter , she pull she shroud up over she head and turn . we see she only in profile , and from this angle , she be unmistakably beautiful . blake walk over to she . she look up at he , uneasy . reassuringly , he reach out to touch she face . blake do not worry . this be a new beginning . for all of we . when he pull he hand away , there be milky - white maggot wriggle on he fingertip . this do not seem to bother he in the least , as he flick the thing away . then he lean in to kiss she and he lantern light the half of she face we could not quite see ... ... cover in pus-filled boil and sagging , gangrenous tissue . but she eye be alive and fill with love for this man . they kiss . ext . OPEN water - night it 's as if we have be swallow whole by a thick and undulate fog , creep in on we from every side . again , we pick up the rowing SOUND ... ... which seem to be come at we , then we could swear it 's move away . we be become more and more disorient now . up be down and down be up and soon the SOUND seem to wrap around we like the fog itself , when ... the bow of the longboat pierce the mist . there 's a dull thud as the longboat bang into something not yet see . the oarsmen stow they oar as malone raise he lantern and we see what they 've hit ... the batter hull of the clipper ship . Light spill from tiny porthole belowdeck , illuminate the name paint on she bow : elizabeth dane malone draw a pistol . the oarsmen look surprised . malone reach out , rapping on the dane 's hull with the butt : knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! int . captain quarter - night close on a pair of embrace hand . widen to reveal they belong to blake and the woman . he get up to leave , but she do not want to let go . blake it 's go to be fine . I promise you with all my heart . ext . the longboat - night malone sit in the longboat , pistol stow , bob alongside the dane , when a cloak shape lean out over the gunwale -- blake . blake Williams ? malone ( look away ) yes . blake disappear momentarily . a leather satchel come fly over the rail , practically hit malone in the head . malone take out the parchment we see earlier , place it in the satchel , fling it back up on deck . malone leave the gold on deck and get you people down below . I / x11 not ~ subject myself to you wretch ... a rope-ladder be drop over the side . the oarsmen rise . malone wait . malone take out a knife , slashes open the tarp , revealing the cargo : three large can mark kerosene . the shocked oarsmen look to malone -- nobody say anything about this ... ~ ext . elizabeth dane 's deck ~- night first one up , malone lift he lantern . the deck appear empty , save for a rusted metal chest . malone go over and flip open the lid to find it brim with gold coin . he dip into it , let the cold wealth run through he finger , startle when he hear something ... malone hold up he lantern , see blake 's cloak shape stand at the bow . blake you be not Williams . malone no . but I represent he interest . his , and the rest of the town father . malone be hand slip behind he back , produce the pistol . malone we want the rest of you gold , blake . all of it . blake 's the deal we make be more than fair . take what 's there , and go . malone nod to the oarsmen who crack open the kerosene , begin dousing the dane 's wooden deck . blake in God 's name , what kind of people be you ? malone light a wooden match with he thumbnail , hold it over the deck -- something for blake to think about . blake alright ! I x11 need to go below . malone ( blow out the match ) go on . but if you try anything , the ship burn . malone turn the pistol on he own man . malone go with he . ~ oarsman # 1 please ... do not make we go down there ... with they . malone down there ... ocock the pistol ) or up here . int . belowdecks - dane - night we descend into the ship 's hold , crowded with blake be people . the oarsmen follow blake , cover they nose at the unbearable stench . ext . elizabeth dane 's deck - later ~- night malone stand wait impatiently at the hatchway . one of the oarsmen start to come up the ladder . malone put he boot on the man 's shoulder . . malone gold first . then you . a heavy chest be thrust upwards . malone grab it by the handle ... the oarsman start back up the ladder , when malone kick he in the tooth , send he tumble back down . malone kick over a full can of kerosene , which go spilling into the hold . blake look out from the shadow of he cloak , eye dark and malevolent , fix malone with a curse stare . malone recoil at this , drop he lantern into the hold . we hear a whumph as the kerosene ignites . and then we hear the scream as malone slam the hatch shut . he shoot the bolt across and bash the hasp , rendering it useless , sealing they in . forever . in a hurry now , malone slide the first chest to the edge of the deck , but it 's heavy and he '1 ] l never get it down the rope ladder by himself . in a greedy panic , he spot the dane 's lifeboat , suspend by rope at deck level . the lifeboat - a minute later malone have load both chest into the lifeboat . smoke billow up through the plank of the dane 's deck . people be scream down below , pounding for a way out . malone get into the lifeboat , take he knife and slashes 's the rope hold he aloft ... but one of the rope snag in a pulley , drop the bow sharply . the weight of the chest send they smashing through the first two bench seat , threaten to crash right through the bow and into the water . malone lunge for they as the lid pop OPEN , send hundred of gold coin to the bottom of the sea , when the hang rope free itself . the life boat fall , smack down into the water . relieved , malone turn he back on the smolder ship , pick gold coin off the floor of the lifeboat , when a hand smashes through one of the porthole , burnt flesh drip from the bone , lock malone in a death grip ! out of he wit , malone struggle to break free , hacking at the hideous hand , bashing at it with a oar as the scream from inside the dane build into a unholy frenzy . with a last , bone - crunching whack , the hand wither and malone be free . he row away from the doom ship use all he strength , glide past . a barnacle - encrust buoy ... and we hold on the buoy , bob in the ocean , as a hundred year of time and tide pass before we eye ... a sleek white charter boat power past the buoy , splash it with a glassy sheet of water . nick castle , 20 , be on the flybridge , at the helm of this 42 - foot luxo sport - fishing boat . his hair be blow back by the wind , emphasize he raw good look . his sweatshirt tell we who he 's work for : ANTONIO BAY sport -fishing charter . working the rear of the boat be BRETT spooner , 20 , Nick 's best friend and fellow employee . simple , honest , make of good stuff , spooner 's get a mop of surfer 's hair , and have not yet lose all he baby fat ... spooner use a mean-look boning knife to splay open a yellowfin , while two sunburned fishermen drink beer after a day on the water . spooner offer up a slice of raw tuna . spooner Sushi ? the fishermen decline , so spooner happily suck it down , and as the boat breeze by we , we will notice the name paint she stern : seagrass . ext . ANTONIO BAY - harbor - sunset as the seagrass glide - in under the harbor light , nick begin stripping down to he boxer ... ext . the seagrass - marina - dusk nick expertly park the boat in its slip . he shut down the engine , grab he clothes and slide down the ladder onto the deck , where the fishermen be gather they gear . nick ( in a hurry ) thanks for you business , guy . see you next year . hustle it up , would you , spooner ? spooner pull two big fish from the freezer in the hold . spooner dude . Nice underpant . int . charter boat - later - dusk spooner enter the cabin , look for nick . spooner yo , Nick ! nick ( 0.8 . ) in here . int . the head - dusk nick stand shirtless , lean and muscle , hair wet from a shower . he button he jeans , strap on he watch , check the time -- he 's way late . spooner dance into the doorway , stand beside nick in the mirror . he pull he shirt up over he considerable belly . spooner look -- twin . nick dream on . spooner not you a 's I . this . spooner start trace little circle around he nipple . nick do not bug I , spooner . I be late . spooner for what ? we still get deck to swab . nick Elizabeth 's come home tonight . I be pick she up at the train . spooner wait , wait , wait . I remember you tell I this ... nick so you do have one brain cell leave ... spooner ... to which I think 's I respond , she mom will slice off you teeny weeny little ball , and have herself a Nick 's special . ( of£ nick 's look ) testicle on rye . nick screw she mom . spooner I try . I think my soloflex abs be too much for she . spooner pick up nick 's brush , start brush he own mop . it 's hopeless . spooner I think Elizabeth and she mom ~ be in some big hatefest . nick I do not know . just back I up on this , alright ? hose down the boat and gas it up for tomorrow . that way , we will not get fire . spooner we ? nick yeah , we . like , we need to keep we job so we can buy we own boat some day ... spooner oh , that we . nick ( out the door ) see you at the beach party . spooner by the way , how do you plan to handle the thing between you and stevie ? nick stop , turn , put he hand on spooner 's shoulder . nick spooner . that be a one- time thing . and I regret it . ( check he watch again ) I be so late . ext . ANTONIO BAY - MAIN STREET - dusk nick drive down MAIN STREET of the quaint little coastal town , past Jimmy 's chowder shack and the rainy ale tavern ... 10 . he pass the tasty - freeze and tisdale 's hardware , and then we notice the bleacher erect on either side of the street , and the banner proclaim Antonio Bay 's 100th birthday celebration . new angle as a low -hanging ground fog round a corner and begin spread towards we . it flow over sidewalk and into the street ... int . nick's pickup truck - dusk nick drive the road out of town , a can of Bud between he leg , about to take a swig , when he notice a sheriff pickup truck park on a berm beside the road . the door be open and we can see the sheriff walk up to a big for sale sign , plant in the ground . wording on the sign : 50 acre , prime development site , artist 's rendering of some cookie-cutter condo , phone number , etc . nick slow , watch as the sheriff hammer something onto the sign . he yell out the window . nick what nre you doin to that sign ? on the sheriff he look over and smirk . the brass bar opposite he badge read malone . in he 40' , he be handsome once , but tom malone now have the look of a man who have lose he edge ... he take a step towards nick 's truck , and we can see the plaque he just nailedon : sold . sheriff : what be you doin way out here , hotrod ? nick just goin for a ride . somebody finally buy that land , or what ? sheriff do not you worry about it . let 's just say I will not be sheriff of this dump much longer ... nick eye he , try to put it together ... 11 . sheriff ' what the hell be you lookin at ? ( then ) I do not smell beer in that truck , do I ? nick no sir . not unless it 's root beer . ; tom malone that 's good . now you go on and enjoy you ride . and be sure and obey that little white sign with the number in ‘em . nick yes sir. ( under he breath ) prick . nick smile and drive off . CUT to : int . nick's pickup truck - later nick swig he beer now , scenery whipping by outside the window . he shift the truck into high gear . nick be Pov - night the headlight illuminate the wind road , cut through dense green forest . pocket of mist swirl and drift across the road ... from the radio in the dash , we hear a sensual female voice : stevie ( v.0o . ) it 's nine -thirty on a beautiful Friday night in Antonio Bay . I be stevie Wayne , and I be gonna go a little ' old school 's on you tonight . here 's a track from [ ramone , etc . ] on kab , 94.5 , and stream over the web at kabtunes.com . kab -- you alternative to the modern music establishment . nick ( smile ) ... the voice that launch a thousand ship . 12 . music come over the radio . nick reach down to turn up the volume , and when he glance up : nick be Pov - entering a pocket of mist it 's a white - out . when suddenly , a girl appear in the mist nick swerve and hit the brake , watch she in the headlight as he pass by . she 's hitch-hike , a suitcase at she foot . and she 's hot . he check he watch again , look back at the girl as if tear . and now she 's eyeing he , too ... nick shit . he put on the brake , make a’u - turn and go back for she . he pull over , roll down he window . nick " hi . girl hi , yourself . nick do not you know hitch-hike be dangerous ? the girl just shrug . nick you want a ride ? girl but you be head in the wrong direction . nick ( with a big smile ) not anymore . . the girl pick up she suitcase , sashays around the front of the truck and open the door . she be barely 20 , beautiful , and strong -- a dream of a girl - next -door . girl you be not a freak or anything . be you ? 13 . nick yeah . actually I be . girl ( smile ) she get in and close the door . she look straight ahead , but they be not go anywhere . she finally turn to nick , who look at she with gleam , almost mesmeric eye . she start to say something , when he reach out , trace the line of she jaw , she lip . suddenly she 's all over he and he just roll with it . soon they be reach inside each other 's clothes , pop button , slide down in the seat ... ~ girl God , I miss you ... ( stop kissing he ) and Nick ? nick yes , Elizabeth ... elizabeth next time , do not be late . they go at it again , quickly disappear from view . camera slowly boom up from the truck , rising through the tree , to reveal the star , the craggy coastline , and a familiar - look lighthouse out on the point . its beacon strake the horizon , finger the darkness , ~ move on , as we hear ... stevie ( 0.s. ) it 's a little after 10 o'clock and I be stevie Wayne , you very own beacon in - the-night ... camera race at the lighthouse with lightning speed , blind for a instant by the light on top as it whoosh by again , and now we be inside that same small , glass - enclose room at the top of the eld stone lighthouse -- now the broadcast booth of kab . close on stevie wayne -- 20 's , funkily sensual , a young Joan jett type . her hair be . up and she wear a cut - up ramone T - shirt . she use she bare foot to adjust the mike . 14 . stevie I be high tonight in the kab lighthouse on spivey Point ... and I be be pay the big buck to remind everybody this Sunday mark Antonio Bay 's 100th anniversary ... dammit ! pull back to find stevie sit at she console , one foot on the board , painting she toe nail with deep purple polish . she grab a kleenex to dab a smudge ... stevie .- you can say that on the radio nowadays . anyway , by now you know the drill . the big shin-dig be plan for Sunday , with a surprise performance by a local band you will not wanna miss . so go , she say , and if you do not have a date , you can always take I along to keep you company . she flip a switch and another song begin to play . instantly , the phone light up . stevie look flatly at the flash light . stevie I do not mean literally , you moron . ext . merry market - MAIN STREET - night the light on the merry -market sign go out . a hand turn a close sign in the window . the ground fog hover outside the door ... int . merry market - ANTONIO BAY - night a bag boy pick up he broom , crank the volume on he radio , as the song stevie just cue play in the b.g . he go to straighten a display of can goods , when something make '' he stop ... he look around the store , eying the creepy old curio dangle from the ceiling , hang on wall , etc . -- shake it off , he start to sweep , when the light inside the soda case begin to flicker and buzz . bottle start clinking together on the shelf . the whole place start to . rattle and hum now , as stuff fall and break in the aisle . 15 . bag boy shit ! it 's the big one ! he drop he broom and race for the exit , when he see : the automatic door slamm open and shut all on they own , fast , and erratic -- lethal even -- and when he turn , he see something that freeze he in he track : microwave popcorn start to pop . still in the package . right on the shelf . ext . ANTONIO BAY saving and loan - night the screen on the ATM begin buz with a weird , sepia-tone flux . it look like there 's a image try to form somewhere in there , but then we hear the ka- chunk of the cash dispenser , as twenties begin spitting from the machine . a old lady pass by , she eyeglass on a decorative chain around she neck . at first she just keep walk , but when she realize no one be watch , she go back , scoop the bill into she purse . ext . service station - night close . Dark . the AIR hose ding - ding 's . but there 's nobody there . one of the gas nozzle fall off the pump , begin discharge gasoline , which slowly spread across the parking lot ... ext . pet world - night through the window , we see dog go nut in they cage , bark at the moon , spin , chase they tail ... ext . real estate office - night there 's a cheery sign out front , with a digital time / temp display . the thing be go haywire -- 34 o'clock , 299 degree , etc . and for the briefest moment , we could swear it spell out a word : dane ext . beach - night a burn - out beachcomber in a tatter navy pea coat shuffles up the beach . in one hand be a metal detector , which he wave over the sand . in the other be a flask . he take a drink and we notice he thrash sea captain 's cap and a headset that attaches to the metal detector . he grunt as the booze go down , look up with bloodshot eye . 16 . ext . a rocky cove - night music plays over a dozen young partier , hang out around a blaze bonfire , guzzle beer , make out , pass a doob , etc . nick and elizabeth be here , along with they friend sean reed and emily moss . nick put he arm around elizabeth , pull she close . nick hey . you happy ? elizabeth mmmm-hmmm . nick you look good enough to eat , you know that . elizabeth bon a petit ... nick get a evil smile . she kiss he deeply . Young love . the song we have be listen to end , and we hear stevie 's voice over the airwave : stevie ( 0.s. ) it 's almost midnight on kab , I be still stevie Wayne , and I would like to send a shout out to my good friend , Elizabeth Williams , Antonio Bay 's favorite college girl . welcome home , lizzy . this one 's for you . a new song plays . the friend raise they beer , ad libbing toast , which elizabeth shyly accept . emily stevie 's extremely cool . sean saunter up with fresh beer , shoot nick a look he pretend not to see . he hand elizabeth a beer . sean yeah , Elizabeth . welcome back to dullsville . hey nickster . let 's go water the sand ... nick and sean get up , move off into the darkness . emily scoot closer to elizabeth . elizabeth something nor emily elizabeth something 17 . emily so . what 's it like ? elizabeth what ? emily College guy . the party . the dorm . you know ... elizabeth it 's fine , I guess . . emily Fine ? I think it would be like , exotic . and glamorous . elizabeth well , let 's see . I have gain five pound from the dorm food . there 's a big , hairy Russian chick on my floor that stare at I in the shower , and two of my professor have hit on I , only one of whom be male . emily ( dreamy ) that 's awesome . sure beat Antonio Bay ... smile a sad little smile , suddenly look away ... elizabeth do you hear that ? emily what ? elizabeth I dunno , I think I ... nevermind . sweep behind elizabeth in a blur , but neither she see it . shrug if off , pop open she beer , when come hurtling out of the darkness landing smack in emily 's lap -- viscera and mandible and shell -- like that skitter alien on the guy 's face in the movie ... emily and it 's just elizabeth jump up scream , until they realize a dead spiny lobster upside - down in the sand . 18 . nick and sean run up laugh , high - five each other . elizabeth hardy-har , child . emily that 's so not cool ! sean you shoulda see you face . suddenly , a pale white face appear in the darkness behind they , seem to hover there . face boo ! the whole group jump ! it 's the beachcomber . nick '' Jesus , machen ! what the hell do you want ? machen look around , size up the partier with lusty eye . machen I will take a Bud if you get it . sean hey , machen . I get yer beer . go fetch . sean fake like he 's gonna throw the can , when elizabeth take it , hand it politely to machen . machen thank you .. elizabeth you be welcome . machen guzzle some beer which run down he chin , while nick eyeball the tape - together metal detector . nick you be up and down the beach with that thing every day since I can remember . what the hell be you look for ? machen reach into he pocket , pull out a gleam gold coin , exactly like the one we see in the open . 19 . machen more of this ... elizabeth what be it ? machen you sure you wanna know ? nick what ? be we gonna get a curse or something ? | oooocoochhhh . they all laugh , but not machen . machen it 's the coin of greed . the coin of lust . the coin of doom . the partier look at each other . sean you be freaky - deaky , old man . machen check he watch . machen five minute till midnight . not much time leave ... machen turn towards the fire , stare into it . machen in five minute , it x11 be the twenty - first of April . sean so ? machen put the coin on he tongue , the take a swig of beer swallows it ! machen they 's 11 get nothin’ from I . now machen just stare , transe - like , into the crackle fire . there be a hushed silence as the partier just stare at the beachcomber . only the hiss of the flame and then ... the SOUND of a engine blast open the silence as spooner drive the seagrass right up onto the beach ! 20 . he jump off onto the sand , obviously drunk . he 's get a camcorder in he hand , taping two beautiful blond in sweatshirt and bikini bottom ... and as they come off the boat , we realize one of the girl , a brunette , be actually wear a blonde wig , which be start to fall off she head . spooner ( videotape ) lady . we have arrive . nick come run up , can not believe he eye . spooner Nick ! you know the twin . mandi and brandi . nick they be not twin ! spooner they be not ? nick what the hell be you do , spooner ! spooner turn the camera on nick . spooner this be Nick Castle . as you can see , Nick 's a bit pissse off right now . let 's find out why ... nick shut that thing off , shithead . spooner ( still taping ) wait a minute . up there on the beach ! be that a ... yes . there 's a party go on . Young man and woman , cavort around half - naked , pollute they body and mind . God , that sound like fun . let 's investigate ! nick give I the key , spooner . spooner stroll past he with the twins in tow . 21 . spooner relax , Nick . I leave they on the boat . nobody 's gonna steal it . ext . seagrass - night nick climb onto the flybridge . sean , elizabeth and emily walk down to the boat . sean want some help ? nick reach in he pocket , toss elizabeth he truck key . nick take my truck to you mom 's . in 1l come get it in the morning . I have gotta get this boat back to the marina . elizabeth Nick ? remember when you be gonna teach I to drive a stick ? nick yeah ? elizabeth you never do . sean look , Nick . you guy only get a couple day together . you take Elizabeth home . i/11 get spooner and the boat back to the marina . nick no , the boat 's my responsibility . sean dude , I can handle my dad 's 42 - foot bertram . I think I can handle this . elizabeth look up at nick without coax , want he to make the call . finally , he sigh and we cut to : 22. int . kab lighthouse - night stevie sort through CD 's for tomorrow 's shift , and for the first time we notice the wall behind her , cover with a child 's crayon drawing and construction paper artwork . beside she on the console be a photo of stevie with she arm around a bright - eye little boy . stevie 's cellphone ring . she do not check the display ... stevie hi Andy ... man 's voice ( on phone ) hello , darlin . stevie oh. hi dan. dan you be lonely over there without I , be not you ? stevie remind I why I give you my cell number again ? intercut with int . coast guard weather station - night dan o’bannon sit at a bank of glow electronics in the tiny Coast Guard weather station . dan because I be six foot of burnin’ love ? stevie you be five - eight , Dan . and why be you still at work ? dan I trade shift so I can go to the big party on Sunday . you gonna go ? stevie I sleep on Sunday . now tell I why you call , or I be gonna hang up . 23 . dan tell you boss you need the day off . stevie I be the boss , Dan . dan okay , okay . just think you might like something to talk about . stevie I be listen . dan I get something on my doppler a minute ago . stevie sound kinky . dan look like a fog bank about twenty mile out . move inland . stevie open a little access window in the glass , tap a gauge outside the lighthouse ... stevie then my gauge must be wrong , ' cause I show a wind blow due East . what kind of fog move against the wind ? dan you get I , but my radar do not lie . stevie this be very exciting stuff , Dan . dan hey . that 's what I be here for . stevie I gotta go . buh -bye . stevie hang up and hit a switch , lean into the mic . stevie it 's a little after midnight on kab . stevie here , beam my signal across the sea . ( more ) 24 . stevie ( cont would ) Big Dan the weatherman say there 's a fog bank roll in offshore , so if I be you , I have lock the door and hide the key ... and whip up a pitcher of martinis while you listen to another hour of music on k.a.b . music up as stevie cue another disk . she look out over the ocean , drink a bottled water , shake she head . stevie there 's no fog out there ... curt to : ext . the seagrass - ocean - night sean be at the helm of the seagrass . the song stevie just cue continue over the boat 's stereo . sean there 's no fog out there ... ( yell ) spooner ! you see any fog out there ? through the camcorder viewfinder we see the twins dance , laugh , etc . spooner pan the horizon , then turn the lens on himself ... spooner , there 's no fog out there ! back on the flybridge , sean continue look anyway -- until the engine start to sputter . he check the control , eye go to the fuel gauge ... empty . sean shit! spooner ! we be outta gas . spooner , dude . that suck . sean whip out he cell . display read : no service . shit . he shake he head at spooner , whose night be far from ruin , as he keep right on dance ... 25 . int . nick's pickup truck - night elizabeth sit close to nick as they approach the outskirt of town . ext . nick's pickup truck - night as they speed by , we notice something they do not . every streetlight they pass goe out . and stay out ... int . nick's pickup truck - night elizabeth put she hand inside he shirt , lull by the purr of the engine . elizabeth I wish I could stay at you place tonight . nick you could if you really want to . you could do alot of thing if you really want to . elizabeth you be not still blame I . nick ( yes ) no. elizabeth you know why I leave Antonio Bay , Nick . I have to . the only thing I do not want to leave ... be you . suddenly , the truck window explode , shatter into a million piece ! elizabeth duck , scream as glass fly everywhere . nick drop down to protect she and the truck swerve to the side of the road , bang to a stop against the curb . new angle ~ below the dash on nick and elizabeth , hunkere down in the cab as the dust settles . nick you okay ? elizabeth I think so . 26 . nick what the hell be that ? and when they sit up ... there's a figure looming in the window ! they both jump ! father malone a travesty . a hundred - year travesty ... nick Father malone ! father malone be in he 40 's , handsome . in he prime , bobby malone be high school all - american , but that glory day be now just yellow clipping in some dusty scrapbook . father malone Nicholas . Elizabeth . nick do you see what just happen ? do something hit we back there ? father malone I do not see . but then again ... nick get a whiff of he breath , look past he to the rainy ale on the corner . malone dangle he key . father malone ... I can not seem to remember where I park my car ... CUT to : int . steering house - seagrass - night sean try in vain to radio for help . sean Coast Guard radio , this be the seagrass , over ... ( change the channel ) Harbor patrol , this be seagrass , do you read , over ? shit ! nothing but static . sean tap generator be fuel gage -- 1 / 2 tank leave . at least they have get that ... 27 . on deck spooner be mixing cocktail , when the static begin block out the signal from kab . he go over to mess with the stereo , when something off camera grab he attention . he put the camcorder down ( it be still run ) , go over to the rail . a pulsing glow of bone - color light , reflect on he face . spooner I think there 's a friggin’ fog bank out there ... int . steering house sean turn , glance out the window . the unearthly light pulsate on he face . sean what the hell be that ? ext . the fog - night a eerie white wall be almost upon they , light from within by some strange phosphorescent light . soon , it blot out the entire horizon . glow . throb . swirl . ext . seagrass - night spooner back away from the rail as the fog begin drift into frame , flow and shifting , envelop the seagrass . we begin to hear a hollow rushing SOUND , like breathing , rag and phlegmy . spooner look around , disorient . sean ( 0.s. ) spooner ! what 's out there ! ext . rear of the boat - generator hold - night the fog drift along the rear of the boat with a strange fluidity , almost with purpose ... as it reach the generator hold , it sweep down , curling into the crack and seam around the hold as if it know precisely where it want to go ... int . steering house spooner and the girl come racing into the steering house , slamming the door behind they . 28 . spooner I can not see shit ! turn on the ... spooner stare at the instrument panel in shock . everything be go haywire . the compass needle spinning , indicator flashing on and off . the radio emit a high - pitched squeal . close on the radar screen a large dot ping close to the center . spooner Christ ! there 's something right in front of we ! int . generator hold the fog drift down and be inhaled by the carburetor ! the generator begin to clank and smoke and finally break down . int . steering house the light go out . spooner the generator ! spooner grab a flashlight , race out of the steering house , leave sean and the girl inside . ext . seagrass .spooner can barely see two foot in front of he as the fog continue to pulse . the rushing sound grow louder with each pass moment . he click on the flashlight , swing the beam down at Pov - generator hold black smoke pour from the hold . spooner lean down to get a better view , when he hear a creaking noise beside the boat . he swing the flashlight around , point it into the fog . spooner hello ! be somebody out there ! Pov - into the fog as the flashlight find something -- a thick , rusted chain rise out of the water . he follow it up to its source and we finally see it : 29 . the charree , rotting hull of a clipper ship ! spooner sean ! you gotta see this ! int . steering house sean hurry out of the wheelhouse , past the two girl , shut the door hehind he ... ext . the seagrass ' sean run up to find spooner shine the flashlight into the mist . but there 's nothing there . sean what ? spooner it 's go . sean what be ! spooner two second ago there be a ... sean what ! spooner there be a ship out there ! int . steering house - night the girl peer out the window , try to see what 's go on . suddenly there 's a bang at the door -- loud and even : knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! the real blonde go to the door ... real blonde spooner ? be that you ? .. and open it . ext . the seagrass - night spooner and sean stand listen to a SOUND come from the other end of the boat , like water drip on the deck . 30 . spooner what be that ? and now , footstep , come towards they , closer , closer ... spooner shine the flashlight in that direction , but there's nothing there . sean we gotta get the hell outta here , spooner . suddenly , hysterical cry peal from the steering house . there 's a horrible thudding sound , as if body be be heave and break , then ... dead silence . sean and spooner be freak out of they mind . they stand there in the quiet , freeze by fear , when ... a body come smashing through the steering house window , hit the deck with a wet smack . spooner shine the light down -- it 's one of the girl -- wig askew , she body bent and twisted in way it be never mean to go . spooner turn to face sean , the flashlight waver in he hand , when suddenly ... sean 's body jolt . his head snap back , arm and leg spraddle , as if pinion by some invisible , overwhelming force ... ... and the follow happen fast . the fog , formless at first , quickly compact itself into something too grotesque to be human , but capable of very human movement ... it take up the boning knife , inching it closer and closer to sean's eye ... sean help I spooner ! !11 ! on spooner now , eye wide in horror , as we hear two obscene puncture sound . spooner back up , stumbling . he catch himself , and when he turn ... the fog be there , inch from he face . he tell himself this can not be real ... 31 . the fog seize hold of spooner 's neck , its '' kinger '' press the flesh on either side of he vertebrae . it rear back now , like a cobra about to strike , when spooner open he mouth in a scream that never come , as the fog suddenly dive down he throat ! and off the horrible SOUND of cartilage and tissue be force beyond they limit we a old . stone church - night Dark stone and bleed mortar . built to last . a spire jut skyward in a taper pike , housing the church 's clocktower . at its peak be a large cross . the face and hand of the clock be black and without luster , tarnish by a century 's exposure to the element . they tell we it be now half - past midnight , and as we hear the’ SOUND of a approach vehicle , camera boom down to : a cemetery next door to the church . headlight splash over gravestone , a few of which be simple slab , but most be more elaborate , as be the fashion at the turn of the century ... nick be truck pass the cemetery , pull to a stop in front of the church . ext . old church - night father malone exit nick be truck , brush chunks of safety - glass off the seat of he pants . elizabeth you okay , Father ? want we to walk you in ? father malone I will be fine . I be afraid there 's not near enough tribute pay to the miracle of sleep . nick g'night Father . father malone thank you for the ride . ( turn back ) oh , and my brother ... 32 . nick he do not need to know about this , do he ? father malone thank you , Nick . it 's good to know I have two friend leave in Antonio Bay ... int . the old church - cathedral - night malone enter the cathedral as nick be truck pull away . moonlight filter - in through stain glass window . he walk down the aisle , steadying himself on the empty pews , mutter something about travesty as he go ... int . kab lighthouse - night stevie shut thing down for the night , when something outside the window catch she eye ... stevie 's Pov -- a narrow finger of fog stretch inland , like a bridge from the sea to the shore , that faint , pale glow within ... she turn away -- that 's weird -- but it be , after all , only fog ... int . nick's pickup truck - night nick stop in front of a quaint , two -story victorian , turn off the engine . nick you sure you do not wanna ... elizabeth put she finger to he lip . elizabeth do not make this harder than it already be . just kiss I . she kiss he gently , get out . he watch she go , until she mother open the front door . elizabeth go in , but she mother just stand in the doorway , stare dagger at nick . he smile big , give she a little wave ... she slam the door loud , for effect . nick that go pretty well . 33. int , elizabeth '’s house - night elizabeth come in . her mother , kathy william -- mid 40 's , pert and poise -- close the door . there be no hug or kiss . kathy when you say a friend be pick you up , I do not think you mean he . and what 's on you face ? kathy wipe a tiny drop of blood off elizabeth 's cheek ( from the break window ) . elizabeth pull back . elizabeth hello , mother . Nice to see you , too . kathy help she in with she suitcase . kathy I be sorry , darling . I just want more for you than I have . be that such a crime ? elizabeth he 's right for I . okay ? can we just drop it ? kathy okay . Fine . I be worried about you , off at school on you own . but you certainly look ... healthy . elizabeth what 's that suppose to mean ? kathy . just look like you have gain a few pound , that 's all . they say that happen the first year away . elizabeth pick up she suitcase , head for the door . kathy where be you go ? elizabeth I should have never come back . kathy but I make hot cocoa . I think we could stay up and talk , like we use to . 34 . elizabeth no thanks . kathy I think you love hot cocoa ! elizabeth I do . and kathy be about to speak , when the front door slam . ext . elizabeth 's house - night elizabeth run out into the street . nick have turn the pickup around and be drive away . int . nick's truck - night nick see she in he rearview mirror , wave at he . he stop as she catch up and get in . nick what happen ? elizabeth Change of plan . nick okay . what now ? elizabeth go to you place and have wild sex . nick drive off with a smile , she word music to he ear . curt to : int . nick's beach house - night a FIRE crackle in the fireplace . we can hear elizabeth giggling somewhere closeby . strewn across the front room be nick and elizabeth 's clothes in a messy path , lead to the bed , where the two of they lay cavort , bury . under the cover . elizabeth 's head pop out , she hair messy -- sexy . nick ( under the cover ) come back here . 35 . elizabeth make I . nick 's foot come out , a monster search for its prey . she bite he toe . he yelp . elizabeth mmmm . tastes like chicken . nick be head pop out now , and they fall back onto the pillow . he lean over to kiss she , when a loud pounding on the door startles they both . nick maybe if we do not say anything they 's 11 go away . elizabeth maybe it 's a she . maybe I should get it . and as she start to get up . Pov - front door we can see it from the bed , when ... knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! nick ( growl ) who be it !!! ( there 's no reply ) if that 's you , spooner , I be gonna kick you ass ! and then ... knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! disgust , nick spring up , pull on he boxer , stop by what he see next , angle on the .door a bone - colored light , pulsing just outside . through the sidelight , we can see a swirling mist press against the glass . something beyond appear to move now , a gray shadow in all the white , move with lazy hypnotize speed ... 36 . nick what the hell ... close on the doorknob nick reach for it , whip open the door ... ext . nick's beach house - night he come out onto the porch , look out . nick's Pov - on the beach , as the wall of fog roil back out to sea . elizabeth come out now , wrap in nothing but a blanket . elizabeth who be it ? nick I do not know . he stand there , scan the beach for some sign of life . there 's nothing but empty beach and dark ocean. , so he turn to go back inside , when ... elizabeth that 's weird . she point . he look . elizabeth that footprint . like somebody walk out of the water , right up to the door . there Pov - the beach the footprint lead from the ocean up to he door . but the rest of the beach be completely smooth , wash clean by the tide ... dissolve to : ext . beach - day a glisten black crab dart into a crevice as a wave crash on the rock ... white water sprays across the screen , and as the froth recede , we can see something shiny , wedge between the rock ... 37 . a fresh -face little boy come bound up the beach . this be the boy we see in the photo . he play a game with the tide , try to stay dry , send the sandpiper scurrying , when something catch he eye . he walk over , bend down to see something gold , glint in the sunlight , half - bury in the sand . another wave crash down . the boy reach for the thing , and when the water recede , he grab it ... he hold it up , wiping away the sand and slime , when we realize it 's the gold hairbrush from the open , cake with crud , its bristle eat away by the sea ... int . beach house ~- day the front room be cozy , lot of wood and stone , with a fantastic wall of glass door look out at the beach . through they , we see the boy run by . boy ( 0.s. ) mom ! int . bedroom - day somebody be sound asleep in bed as the boy blast through the door . boy Mom ! wake up ! look what I find ! there be no movement , so the boy rip down the cover to find stevie curl up in she t-shirt and panty . stevie ubhhgggghhh . hi Andy ... he drop he wet and sandy swag on the pillow beside she . the first thing she see when she open she eye ... . boy ( andy ) I find it on the beach . between some rock ! I think it 's gold ! stevie we should be so lucky ... andy it 's heavy . feel. 38 . stevie pick it up , test its heft , impressed . stevie must have be somebody 's hairbrush once upon a time ... stevie put it down , smile warmly and kiss she son . stevie so. wanna go out for breakfast ? andy ( jump off the bed ) yeah , but first I wanna go back down to the beach . maybe the tide wash up more stuff ! stevie half a hour , okay ? I have get to go in a little early today . 's maybe Mrs. kobritz will help you look . andy mom. please . all she do be eat Tim - tam and watch wheel of fortune . andy race out . stevie sit there for a moment . she smile when she see andy past the window - a mother watch she son grow up . then she glance down at the brush . int . stevie 's bathroom - sink - day stevie hold the brush under run water , wiping away layer of gunk and slime , revealing the intricate etching on the back . she rub it dry with a towel , and underneath , it 's shiny -- like gold . hmmm ... CUT to : int . nick's beach house - morning nick turn over in bed , blindly reach for elizabeth , open he eye when he realize she 's not there ... ext . beach - morning elizabeth sit on the beach , a blanket around she shoulder . she dig she toe into the sand , enjoy the crash of the wave and the heat of the sun -- the perfect morning . 39 . nick come out , hand she a cup of coffee , kiss she on the head . . elizabeth I think the beach be the only thing I really miss . ( off he look ) you . and the beach . we hear nick's phone ringing inside the house . nick hold that think . he run inside . she get up , wander down to the hard sand . she pick up a seashell , admire it , when she hear nick shout from the deck : nick Elizabeth ! she turn to he , instantly worried by the look on he face . nick spooner and Sean never make it back last night . ext . ANTONIO BAY marina - day the marina buzze with activity , fishing boat crewing - up for the day 's charter , etc . nick and elizabeth stand beside the seagrass 's empty slip , talk to hank jone , the harbor master . hank ... set out last night around nine - thirty . have not be hear from since ... nick spooner order any fuel yesterday ? hank nothing in the log . nick unbelievable . I be gonna need a favor , hank . think we could borrow you whaler ? 40 . hank sure . Key 's in it . you want I to call the Coast Guard ? nick Nah . they probably just get drunk and pass out . let 's keep this between we for now ... CUT to : ext . boston whaler - day blasting through the water with nick at the wheel . elizabeth scan the horizon with binoc . elizabeth could they be this far out ? nick not unless they be drift all night . elizabeth wait ! I think I see it ! she hand nick the binoc and point . Pov through binoculars a boat , about a mile out , drift on the swell , its deck desert ... ; nick that 's the seagrass , alright ... CUT to : a bristly GREEN horsefly buzy into frame , landing on a slimy piece of seaweed , when wham !!! two feet land beside , scare it off , and we widen to reveal nick , who 's just jump onto the deck of the seagrass . nick spooner ? Sean ! there 's no reply and no sign of life ( or death ) on deck . nick help elizabeth aboard . 41 . elizabeth maybe somebody pick they up . nick notice some broken glass on the deck , look up to see the shattered steering house window . nick maybe not . int . steering house - day the door creak open . nick step inside . he go to the window , notice blood on the break glass . he look down at the control , turn to elizabeth : nick look at this gauge . they be all shattered . elizabeth like you truck . nick yeah ... ( to himself ) what the hell happen here ? int . cabin - day nick enter the corridor of the main cabin , set about check every door ... nick spooner ! ext , the deck - day elizabeth exit the steering house , notice a fishing rod set in the arm of the fight chair . its line have be cast . ° elizabeth would they have be fishing ? nick ( 0.s. ) I do not know . why ? elizabeth there 's a line in the water ... int . cabin - day he shake he head -- none of this make any sense . a2 . nick I have no clue , reel it in for I , will you , before we lose the rig . nick reach the last door in the cabin , open just a crack . he push it . slowly , it creak inward to reveal ... someone lying on the bed , face away from we , hair wet and matte with seaweed ... nick Sean ? back on deck elizabeth muscle the reel , the rod tip bend under the strain . elizabeth Nick ! there 's something on this line ... back in the cabin _ nick move to the bed , reach out tentatively , when the body loll over onto its back and we see sean's hollow eye socket gaping out at US ! nick recoil , hit the wall , back out the door before he vomit ... on deck nick stumble out of the cabin , lean over the rail , heart pound . elizabeth keep reeling , look over at he . elizabeth Nick ! what be it ? and she 's still focus on nick , when we see something appear just beneath the surface of the water at the end of she line ... human body , pale , bent and break , fish - bitten arm and legs and flowing blonde hair , bound tight in a tangle of fishing line ... ... and just when we realize it 's the twins -- or what 's leave of they ... the line snap ! elizabeth turn back , catch only the slight glimpse , as the bloated corpse sink out of sight . 43 . elizabeth nick ! he come over to she , follow she gaze ... nick what be it ? elizabeth I do not know , I could not tell . it look like ... body . nick jesus. C ’mon . I be get you off this boat . elizabeth ( stop he ) tell I what you see in the cabin . nick nothing . elizabeth we have gotta deal with this together , Nick ! now tell I ! nick Sean . he 's dead . elizabeth Dead ?! nick yeah ! he 's fuck dead , alright ! ( beat , then ) . I be sorry . let 's just get outta here . ext . boston whaler - day nick help elizabeth into the whaler , but do not get in himself . elizabeth what be you do ? nick there 's one place I do not check . elizabeth Nick ... 44 , nick two second . wait here . elizabeth ( as he leave ) Nick ... Nick ! int . seagrass - generator hold - day the door open . nick enter the hold , have a look around . he notice the generator , coat with a thin film of salt crystal . he touch it -- that make no sense ... ext . boston whaler - day elizabeth hug herself , suddenly feel very alone , when she hear something creak on deck . she stand up , look towards the sound , and in a thin voice : elizabeth Nick ? be that you ? int . generator hold - day nick stand up -- nothing more to see here . he exit the hold , slamming the door . ext . boston whaler - day back on deck , nick approach the whaler , can not believe he eye . it 's empty -- elizabeth be nowhere in sight ! nick Elizabeth !!! int . belowdecks - seagrass - day elizabeth wander belowdeck look for nick , when she notice something off camera . she walk over , kneel in front of the freezer , pick up a slimy piece of seaweed ... she look up , register the freezer . she reach for the handle and give it a pull , but the thing will not budge . she tug again , harder this time , but still no joy . she put she foot against the wall , give it one last yank and this time the door whooshes OPEN ! elizabeth scream !!! there's a person in the freezer !!! blue from the cold , hair cover in ice crystal . it 's spooner ! be he dead ? he must be . in fact , we be sure of it , until ... 45 . hecopen he eye ! elizabeth scream again , as spooner pitch forward , he body in a frozen rictus , tumbling out with a frostbitten thud ! cur to : a platinum cloud of fog billowing , swirling , spread . something beyond we vision appear to be moving in all that white . a figure begin to materialize , hover dreamlike within the mist ... woman' voice ... what do you mean , you will ' take care of I ’? that deal do not happen without I , Tom , and you know it . kathy william emerge from the fogbank , wear a taper suit , and move with zeal and authority . she be follow by sheriff malone who wave the smoky haze away from he face as we widen to reveal ... a bandstand have be erect in the park . fog machine be pumping Hollywood - style fog into the air . multi - colored light flash and pivot on overhead tower , as the tech - crew do a dry-run for the band 's big performance . malone look back , take - in all the pyrotechnics .. tom malone in my day , it be all about the music . kathy do not jerk I around , Tom ! a harry young woman pass by , she hand full of streamer and bunt , etc . kathy lauren ! do you get all the promo over to stevie at the lighthouse ? lauren yes mar ’am . 46 . kathy good . and what about the porta - potty ? I do not see my porta - potty ! lauren on the way . kathy I hope so . kathy dismiss lauren with a wave , turn on tom . kathy a percentage , Tom . that be the deal . that be the term . tom malone relax . a malone never go back on he word . once this thing 's close you will get every penny you be due . we all will . and off kathy be skeptical eye , we CUT to : int . stevie 's convertible - day stevie drive the coast highway en route to the lighthouse , she dark hair whipping in the wind . we may notice some traffic in the other direction , head into town for the big celebration ... on the seat beside her be two thing : the gold hairbrush from the beach , and a CD case label kab - birthday promos . over the radio , we hear a announcer 's tag , then a hokey little jingle : chorus it 's one hundred year ago today , so sit back , stow you care away , just smile , and take the time to say , '' happy birthday , Antonio Bay '' . from you friend at thriftway cleaner ! stevie ugghh . how perky ... 47 . she eject the CD , toss it onto the seat beside she , when her eye find the brush . and now , as if draw to the thing , she can't take her eye off it ... close on the brush - and steviex reflection in it , when ... a horn blare ! stevie look up , see a oncoming car . at the last second , she swerve back into she lane , a heartbeat from disaster ... CUT to : ext . ANTONIO BAY marina - later - day a emt ambulance be park on the dock , door open , light flashing . tom malone squeal up in he sheriff' truck ... ext , seagrass - dock - day the seagrass have be tow - in , and be now moor at the end of the pier . the emt 's have spooner on a gurney . he 's wrap in foil blanket , just now beginning to regain he color . nick and elizabeth stand close by , concerned for they friend , as tom malone stride up the pier ... tom malone somebody wanna tell I what the hell happen out there ? spooner say nothing , he glassy eye stare off without see . frustrate , malone turn to nick and elizabeth . tom malone he tell you two anything ? elizabeth he have not say a word since we find he . tom malone ' course not . ( face nick ) tell I somethin’ , hotrod . why be it whenever there 's trouble , I always see you smilin’ face ? nick ( under he breath ) same ol 's shit ... 48 . tom malone what 's that ? elizabeth this be not about Nick , and you know it . tom malone I guess we will find that out , will not we , College girl . hank jone walk up to malone . hank tom. Coast Guard want to talk to you on the radio . tom malone oh , that 's just great . tell ‘em I will be right there . ( point at nick ) we get one dead and two miss . you tell you pal he better limber up that jaw ... and when malone have go , spooner reach out with a shiver hand , catch nick 's arm in a grip so tight , it make he wince . spooner there 's something out there , Nick . nick it 's alright , spooner . you do not have to talk now ... spooner ... something in the fog . it kill Sean ! on elizabeth - as this really resonate with she . nick just take it easy , man . everything 's gonna be fine . and as the emt 's wheel he away , spooner look off , stick with a reality no one will buy ... CUT to : 49 , ext . stevien convertible - marina - day stevie slow as she approach the commotion at the marina . she recognize spooner be load into the ambulance . she pull over and get out as the ambulance drive off . ext . the dock - day stevie walk up the pier , where hank jone be talk to some fishermen . hank hey , stevie . stevie hank . be that brett spooner ? hank yeah . ' fraid so . stevie what happen ? hank Accident on the seagrass . pretty bad , I guess ... ext . seagrass - day nick be batten down the seagrass , do not see stevie walk up the pier ... stevie hi Nick . nick turn . she smile at he , warm and genuine , nothing else on it . even so , he body tense , eye darting to the harbormaster 's shack ... nick stevie . what be you do here ? stevie not exactly a hallmark greeting there , Nick . nick I be sorry . ( then ) how be you ? 50 . stevie how be I as in , how 's the weather ? or how be I as in you really wanna know . nick the second one . stevie I be good . nick really ? stevie yeah . really . nick ( he 's surprised ) cool . you know , ' cause I ... stevie ( let he off the hook ) I see they take spooner away in the ambulance . hank say there be a accident ? behind stevie , we see elizabeth exite the harbormaster's shack , a blanket around she shoulder . nick see she too ... nick Elizabeth ! look who 's here ... elizabeth stevie ? stevie hey , look at you ! you look so ... elizabeth what ? stevie I do not know . grown up ... the two friend hug . elizabeth hold on a little too long . stevie notice . stevie Elizabeth ? what 's go on ? elizabeth Sean reed 's dead . 51 . stevie what ? elizabeth they be out on the seagrass last night . spooner say he see something in the fog . whatever it be kill Sean . stevie ( too absurd for she ) the fog kill Sean ? nick Elizabeth ... elizabeth spooner 's alot of thing , Nick . but he 's no liar . you see he face ! something out there scared he to death . nick we find he stuff in the freezer hold . he be pretty whacked out . they say another few minute and he would not have make it . the two girl with he be still miss . angle on elizabeth - glance into the water , recalling what she see , or what she might have see , when ... tom malone I need everybody away from this boat . and do not touch anything from the crime scene . nick crime scene ? / tom malone you see that dead boy 's eye ? nick I see ‘em . tom malone they do not get that way by accident . now get off the boat ... nick alright , alright . I hear you the first time ... 52 . nick be about to disembark , when he notice the camcorder lie where spooner leave it . he make sure malone 's not look , then he shove the camcorder under he shirt and go . cut to : the lighthouse - day tall and majestic in the afternoon sun . emblazoned on the side be kab 94.5 . stevie pull up in she convertible , gather she stuff and get out . int . the lighthouse - day stevie enter through the door at the base of the lighthouse , move past some work closet , storage cabinet , etc . she ascend the three - story spiral staircase that lead to ... broadcast booth - day stevie come in and dump she stuff ( include the brush ) on a console by the wall , sing a little ditty of she own : stevie I do not wanna work today , so everybody , go away . Cause stevie want to shop and play ... she hit some button and flip some switch and the station 's electronics start to whirr . stevie ... let some other poor sap do my broadcast today . stevie pop the promos disk into the CD tray . she take a apple from she bag , start slice it into piece with a knife . in the b.g. , we hear the announcer tag another dumb birthday jingle ... chorus hap -py birthday , from you friend at Pet -world , hap -py birthday . Antonio -o Bay ... stevie shake she head -- pathetic . she sit down in she chair , slip off she shoe and roll across the room to she computer . 53 . she fire it up , glance at the meter and dial on the wall , when we notice a red glow rising on the side of her face . she feel it now , and slowly , she turn ... angle on the gold brush glowing red hot on the console ! the year of sea-grit burn away ! wisp of smoke appear now , as the console underneath the brush begins to melt ! stevie stare at it in disbelief , when in her eye , we see a bright red flash ! she scream ! the brush have ignite one of andy 's crayon drawing tack to the wall above the console . in a instant , another one catch and now the wall be on FIRE ! with stevie as she race down the spiral staircase . the throw open one of the storage closet , pull out a FIRE extinguisher ... cut to : the screen become a white - out from which emerge stevie , fire a blast of co2 . as the dust settles , the first thing we notice be the hole in the console top -- a perfect outline of the brush , which have melt completely through . but , underneath , the brush have vanished , and we widen to see the fire have scorched the plaster where the art once hang , revealing a weird pattern on the lighthouse wall . maybe a window , or a trap door be here once , but it have long since be bricked - in . stevie reach up , brush away blister plaster , when one of the brick come loose in its mortar . she poke at it curiously , surprised when it give way , and we can hear it fall into the hollow of the wall ... she drop the fire extinguisher and stand there , stare at the open hole . she lean in , peer into the void , but it 's pitch dark in there and she can not see a thing . she jimmy a few more brick loose , drop they on the floor . with more light now , she stick she head in ... 54 . stevie 's Pov - inside the wall she sees something wedge between the stud , but the light do not quite hit it . whatever it be , it appear to be wrap , or wound in something ... Pov ~ inside the hole - a minute later stevie' arm reach in ... finger feel around blindly , strain for the thing , but she can not quite reach it , when something lash around her wrist ! ! on stevie 's terrified face as she try to pull she arm from the hole ! the light and electronics in the room begin to flicker and buzz , and whatever have she , pull her into the wall , with force enough to send the rest of the brick cascade down around she ... she fall , shrieking in horror at what 's now attach to she hand ! close on her hand - a old book be tethered to it by a live snarl of long , black hair , lace with sand and slime and undulating seaweed !!! she go for a pair of scissor on the desk , hacking at the slimy Mass . yellow ooze spurt from the seaweed tendril , as whatever it be finally lets go and the book fall to the floor . _ she check she wrist where the thing have hold of she -- red , puffy , rise welt ... she look down at the book , only now , it 's just a dusty old , leatherbound book . no sign of anything strange . she tilt she head to make out the gold - emboss word on the book 's cover ... journal of patrick malone int . stevie 's beach house - day the phone ring as a older woman in a brightly - color housedress enter carry a grocery bag . her eyeglass hang around she neck on a decorative chain , and we recognize she as the woman who scoop up the money from the ATM machine ... older woman Andy , the telephone ... 55 . andy ( 0.s. ) I get it , Mrs. kobritz ! andy come run from the bedroom , grab the phone . andy hello ? intercut with int . lighthouse - kab - day stevie on the phone , stare at the book on the floor ... stevie Andy , it 's I . where do you find the gold brush , honey ? andy it 's gold ? I tell you it be gold ! I know it ! stevie where do you find it ? andy on the rock , out by the point . stevie I want you to stay away from there , okay ? do not pick up anything else from the beach , do you hear I ? andy it do not belong to anybody ... stevie I know , sweetie . it 's okay . I just do not want you to pick up anything else unless I be with you . okay ? andy okay . stevie good . be Mrs. kobritz there ? 's andy yeah . 56 . stevie ocalm down a bit ) how 's wheel of fortune ? andy she just get here . she 's probably still unpack the tim-tam ... stevie okay . I love you and I want you to promise I you will not go down to the beach again without I . andy aw , Mom ... stevie promise ? andy okay . I promise . bye . stevie hang up . she look over at the hole in the wall , then at the journal , utterly , chillingly confuse . then , she make a decision . she take off she sweatshirt , throw it over the book , then kick at it to be sure it 's '' dead '' . satisfied , she bring a wastebasket over , and in one quick motion , scoops up the book and dump it in , keep she distance ... she go to she computer , type something in . the display read : pre -recorded track - 60:00 . she hit enter and the meter start tick down . she check she watch , pick up the wastebasket and go . CUT to : int . spooner 's hospital room - late afternoon spooner lay back in he bed , pale and moaning as a young nurse take he temperature . nurse how be we feel ? spooner just moan . nurse tell I where it hurt . 57 . spooner it 's just ... this burn pain ... nurse where ? he point to he abdomen . she touch he . nurse here ? spooner down lower . nurse here ? spooner no. Little lower ... she 's down to he groin now , start to touch he there , when she look up , miff when she see he grinning face . spooner what ? nurse ( read the thermometer ) you temperature 's back to normal . spooner I could 'a tell you that . as the nurse exit the room , nick and elizabeth enter . spooner do not you just love that little nurse outfit . elizabeth hand he a styrofoam cup . elizabeth bring you some chicken soup . spooner yummy . how ' bout a beer to go with it . nick and elizabeth trade a look ... elizabeth somebody 's feel better . 58 . nick I leave a message for you folk . I do not tell ‘em anything . dust say to call I . spooner I be fine . really . there 's nothin’ wrong with I . I just wanna get outta here . spooner get up , pull the i.v. out of he arm . spooner God , that hurt . nick what the hell be you doin 's , spooner ? he turn , he ass hanging out the rear of he hospital gown . elizabeth I think I ' 11 wait outside . elizabeth exit . spooner go over to the window , look out . there 's a partial ocean view . in the distance , we can just make out a gloomy haze building on the horizon . '' nick what be up with you ? spooner what do you mean ? nick I mean Sean 's dead , and you be act like nothing happen . spooner open the bathroom door , take he clothes off the hook and start to get dress . when he turn , there be tear in he eye . he blink hard , fight back he emotion . : spooner I can not remember what happen anymore . like it 's just ... go . I be so sorry he 's dead , Nick , but I do not kill he ! you know I do not . I could not kill anybody ... tom malone ( 0.s. ) be that so ?. : 59 . surprise , spooner look back at malone , who stand in the doorway . he bring in a plastic bag , lay it on the table by the bed . Inside it , the bloody boning knife . spooner what 's that ? tom malone you knife . found it on the boat . with Sean reed 's blood all over it ... int . stevie 's beach house - late afternoon andy stand at the glass door stare out at the beach . mrs . kobritz be watch tv . mrs . kobritz what do you mother want , Andy ? andy nothin’ . look at that cloud out there ... mrs . kobritz come over and look out . Pov - ocean the water be choppy and dark . on the distant horizon , we see the first vestige of a form fog bank , shot through with ray of sunlight . mrs . kobritz that 's just the fog roll in . mrs . kobritz walk into the kitchen , leave andy stare . he lean in close , exhales on the window , draw something in the fog ... andy can I go outside ? mrs . kobritz just be back before dark , dear . andy I will . andy put on he jacket and go out the door , and camera move in on he draw on the window . it 's a ship ... 60 . ext . old church - late afternoon stevie squeal to a stop in front of the church . she get out , gather the wastebasket ( with the journal in it ) and go to the side door . she knock once . the door swing OPEN . stevie Father malone ? she step inside . very dark . her eye try to adjust ... stevie Father ? her voice echoes off the wall . she move through the sanctuary , turn down the long , narrow hall that lead to the rectory ... int . father malone ’'s room - day malone be dress in he civvy . he take some clothes out of he dresser , move to the open suitcase on he bed . stevie ( 0.s. ) Father ? father malone turn , startle to see stevie in the doorway . father malone stevie ? stevie Wayne ... my gosh , how long have it be ? stevie a long time , father . too dam long . father malone ( smile warmly ) please , come in . stevie I be sorry . I do not mean to interrupt you ... father malone no . not at all . stevie eye the suitcase . father malone notice , hold he card . 61 . father malone what have you get there ? stevie something happen today . if I tell you what , you have think I be crazy . and maybe I be . but all I know be right now , I be afraid for my son and I do not know what else to do . she dump the wastebasket onto he desk . the journal spill out . malone eye the cover , look up chillingly . father malone where do you get this ? stevie in the lighthouse . Hidden ina wall . father malone Hidden ... malone reach for it ... then reconsider . something stir in he as eye the name on the cover -- he family name . he look up at stevie with fear in he eye , never once touch the book ... father malone I be afraid can not help you . stevie something 's happen , be not it , Father ... father malone I do not know . stevie then why be you leave ? father malone I be sorry , stevie , I be very busy right now . maybe you should come back another time ... stevie what 's happen , Father ! tell I what I can do to protect my son ! father malone get out . 62 . stevie what ? father malone I say get out !!! she snatch the journal off the desk before he push she out and slam the door , knocking the book from she hand ... outside he door she bend to pick the book , when she notice something sticking out between the page ... hesitant , she pick it up , pull out two old , creased photograph : the first be a panorama - type , take from a hillside vantage point . it 's a fledgling town with a few ramshackle building , a muddy dirt road , a couple of mule , anda handful of people . at the bottom in white lettering it read : ANTONIO BAY ~ 1905 the second photo be of we twelve men , assemble on the beach , dress in they turn - of - the-century finery . it look '' like something be write on the reverse ... stevie turn it over , and we can see twelve name , in pen-and - ink , the last of which read patrick thomas malone ... CuT to : int . stevie 's convertible - dusk stevie race towards town , on she celphone ... stevie Tom malone , please ... stevie Wayne . he 's where ? thanks .. stevie toss the phone . she check she watch , then punch it , blast right through a stop sign ... int . hospital - hallway elizabeth walk down the sterile hospital hallway . her Pov - there be a partially open door at the far end of the corridor . through it , elizabeth can see sean 's body lie unattend . 63 . int . examination room sean 's body lie on a metal table . elizabeth push the door open and come in . she stand there for a beat , then move tentatively , approach she friend , see death up - close for the very first time . it 's too much for she . she turn to go , tear welling in she eye , when behind she , we see sean sit up on the steel table ! close on he purple feet - as they hit the linoleum , move stiffly across the floor . hear this , elizabeth stop . slowly , she turn ... sean thrust he arm out , taking her by the head , squeezing hard , as if to crush her skull ! he put he bleeding eye socket right up to she face , when he voice rush out ina raging whisper ... sean all must diel !!! int . spooner 's hospital room a blood - curdling scream echoes down the hall . nick Elizabeth ! nick race out the door . malone follow , glance back at spooner . tom malone stay here . we be not do . ext . hospital - dusk stevie squeal around a corner , drive too fast , when . some guy dart out into the STREET ! she slam on the brake , but it 's too late . she hit the guy , who tumble up onto she hood . he look up and they eye meet -- it 's spooner ! he roll off and hit the ground run , high - tailing it away from the hospital ... int . hospital - dusk stevie enter , journal in hand , see nick and tom malone stand with elizabeth in the hall . 64 . stevie okay . be I in a alternate universe today , or what ? brett spooner just run in front of my car and practically kill himself ! malone eyeball nick and elizabeth . tom malone walk dead , huh ? what would you do , plan the whole thing so you pal could run off ? that 's sick . malone turn to go . stevie walk after he ... stevie sheriff ! can I talk to you ... tom malone ( blow she off ) not now , sweetheart . stevie ( loud and firm ) now ! malone stop . he turn to stevie , ready to ream she , when ... stevie Patrick Thomas malone . who be he ? malone 's eye meet stevie 's , suddenly soften ... tom malone my great grand - dad . one of the town father . why ? stevie thrust out the journal . malone stare at it , a boyish look of wonder in he eye as he take it in he hand , literally caress the name on the cover ... tom malone you find it . stevie it find I . what be it ? tom malone this ? it 's we heritage . the founding family . they storey . my father tell we this book be lose forever . 65 . he 's cling to it like it be worth its weight in gold . stevie you brother do not quite see it that way . tom malone I '' not surprised . Bobby turn he back on the family a long time ago . ( then ) do you read any of it ? stevie no . malone offer the book back to stevie ... tom malone what do you plan to do with it ? stevie ( push it back at he ) oh no . I want you to have it . I do not want that thing anywhere near I or my son . tom malone well . thank you for this , stevie . it mean the world to I and my family . it 'il be a big part of the anniversary celebration . I promise you that ... int . hospital entrance - moment later ' nick walk to the front door with elizabeth . elizabeth you do not believe I either , do you . nick . you be okay . and ' you be with I . that 's all that matter . suddenly , she put she arm out , stop he . she nod towards the door , through which they see : tom malone say goodbye to stevie in the parking lot ... 66 . ext . hospital - sundown .-.and as stevie pull away in she convertible , tom malone look down at the journal , before offhandedly chucking the thing through the open window of he truck . then he hitches up he pants and walk across the street to the frosty freeze ... int . hospital elizabeth grab nick by the hand , the fight return to she eye . elizabeth c'mon . ext . hospital - sundown elizabeth move along the side of malonea truck , use nick as a screen . she reach in and steal the journal . elizabeth get it . let 's go . cut to : int . coast guard weather station - night mel sloan , a meteorologist , turn from he bank of glow electronics as dan 0 's bannon come through the door . dan what 's up , melly boy . sloan Dan the man . I think tony be comin’ in tonight . dan we trade shift so I could do the party tomorrow . you goin 's ? sloan get up , slip on he coat . sloan do not think so . weather 's gonna suck . check out this big ass fog bank . it 's just perch out there . dan come over , eye the scope . 67 . dan Holy shit . sloan I know , right ? I think I nil plana little indoor activity . with jolene , if you know what I mean ... dan oh , I can imagine ... see ya later , buddy . sloan leave . dan sit down at the scope , he eye get big . close on the scope - the fog register as a growing GREEN blob , expanding across the entire screen ... dan now that 's some fog . dan pick up he phone ... int . stevie 's convertible - night stevie drive the wind road to the lighthouse , when she celphone ring . she check the display : dan . she shake she head , let it go to voicemail ... ext . winding road - night stevie race by we position , and as she disappear down the road , camera boom up slowly to reveal ... ext . coastline - night the black ocean , vast in its expanse , as far as the eye can see ... ... and in the distance , a pale , unearthly glow be beginning to rise , span the horizon . its range be impossible to gauge , but one thing be for sure . it 's come . ext . ANTONIO BAY - MAIN STREET - night the bleacher be fill with townsfolk . kathy be seat on the dais , surround by the mayor , town selectmen , tom malone , etc . she search the crowd , disappointed when she do not see Elizabeth . [ maybe there 's a empty seat ] 68 , a rag-tag high school band finish ( poorly ) the last strain of the Star spangle Banner . a fat , bald guy step up to the mic on the podium . guy the Antonio Bay High School march Band . let 's give ' ema hand . and now , I would like to introduce the President of the we chamber of commerce , the organizer of this weekend 's festivity , and a lovely lady . Ms. Kathy Williams . applause from the audience . kathy smile , bask in it . kathy thank you . you be too kind . all of you . really . and welcome to the open ceremony as Antonio Bay honors its glorious past ... more applause . she love this shit . ext . a community park - near the coast - night two little boy play on a swing set in the kiddie-park . we hear it creaking as they go back and forth . back and forth . behind they , unnoticed , the fog sweep out from a clump of tree , unseen , coming closer and closer . silently , it overtake they from behind , temporarily obscure they from view ... ... but when have pass , only one little boy be left swinging . he look over to swing beside he which just a moment ago be occupy he friend ... close on the empty swing - dangle at the end of its chain . int . rainy ale tavern - night the place be virtually empty . it 's fill with nick - nack and bric-a- brac from Antonio Bay 's past ( old photo , etc ) ] elizabeth sit at a booth in a dark corner , the journal open before she . nick come to the table with two mug of beer . elizabeth listen to this . '' February 9 . met with blake for the first time . ( more ) 69 . elizabeth ( cont would ) he stand in the shadow to prevent I from get a clear look at he face . what a vile disease this be ! he be a rich man with a curse condition , but this do not prevent he from try to better he situation and that of he comrade at the colony . '' nick the colony ? nick pull the photograph from between the page , begin examine they . ext . ANTONIO BAY - MAIN STREET - night kathy be get busy ... kathy ..- and all of we live here today , owe a debt of gratitude to that man and woman who , a hundred year ago , struggle and give of themselves to make this town grow and prosper into what it be today . int . rainy ale tavern - night elizabeth turn the page : elizabeth '' blake 's proposition be simple . he want to move off tanzier Island and relocate the entire colony to a fifty - acre plot , just north of here . for they transport , he have purchase a clipper ship call the ... ( she stop , rattle ) Elizabeth dane . nick ( reassure ) hey . it 's a queen 's name . they be always name ship Elizabeth this and Elizabeth that back then . just a coincidence , that 's all . she look at he , wonder , then go hungrily back to the book . nick get up , take one of the photograph with he . nick Elizabeth . look at this . 70 . she get up and go to he . hanging on the wall , isa framed photo , take from roughly the same vantage point as the one in nick be hand ( which be date 1905 ) ... ... only in this photograph , the town have grown into a buzzing little community . building and store now line Main Street , people on the sidewalk , early automobile and horse - and - buggy , and we may even notice the church under construction up on the hill . it be date 1907 - a mere two year later . they look at each other ... ' elizabeth let 's to talk to the other malone . ext . sandy cove - night machen walk along the sand with he metal detector . suddenly , we hear the thing go crazy -- beep , beep , beep . he kneel down , start digging ... ... when he notice a pale glowing on the sand . he stop digging , look up slowly ... ext . beach - night andy stand alone on the beach . he look off towards the ocean , anticipation in he eye ... reverse angle he 's dwarf by a towering wall of pulsing fog . thirty foot away . now twenty ... int . lighthouse - night stevie hurry in , go to she computer , as the last second of pre-record music expire . she pull the mic to she lip . - stevie ahoy , matey . stevie here , hope you enjoy that commercial - free block on kab , Antonio Bay ... int . stevie 's beach house - night mrs . kobritz put Andy 's dinner on the table . the radio play in b.g . : stevie ( on radio ) 71 . ... I have get some more tune line up to take we through till midnight , and we will get this party start right after we pay the bill ... ( go to commercial ) ext . stevie 's beach house - deck - night mrs . kobritz come out onto the deck overlook the beach , sees the fog , push right up to where andy stand . mrs . kobritz oh my . Andy ! dinner ! ext . the beach - night and when andy turn to face we , a surging revenant of fog split itself from the Mass , move faster than the rest , come at he from behind ... andy what be we have ? the revenant move unnaturally , right up on he now ... mrs . kobritz Chicken and french fries . andy cool ! he take off towards the house without turn back , as the fog change shape , seem to gather energy ... follow he . CUT to : ext sandy cove - night the fog swirl as it move on , and when the cove clear , all that 's leave behind be machen 's metal detector , lay there in the sand ... int . lighthouse stevie 's cell phone ring . dan again . irritating . stevie yes , Dan . what 's up ? int . coast guard weather station - night dan eat a sandwich . 72 . dan how 's my girl ? intercut phone conversation stevie what be it this time , Dan . swarm of locust ? tornado , maybe ? dan nope . just fog . stevie you be kid , right ? dan swallow we up out here at the station a few minute ago . movin 's you way . kinda cool , actually . stevie hang on a sec . stevie hit the light in the station , leave only the eerie glow of the electronics . she look out the window : stevie 's Pov - the throbbing glow of the fog , move down the coast ... stevie Jesus ! dan yo ! what 's the big deal ? stevie there 's something funky about this fog , Dan . it glow . int . weather station - night the fog completely cover the window behind dan . dan it what ? oh , I see . you popa little something to keep you goin’ . give you a little freak - on , I like that in a woman ... suddenly the light in the weather station go out ! dan hey ! 73 . stevie ( on phone ) what ? dan stare in shock at he electronics . dan the light just go out . everything 's dead . something sweep across the window behind he and then ... knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! dan ( turn to the door ) what the hell be that ? int . lighthouse - night stevie be still stare out the window . stevie what be it ? what 's happen ? int . coast guard weather station - night dan somebody 's at the door . stevie ( on phone ) dan. listen to I ... . dan I be gonna check it out . hold on , sweetheart . dan put down the phone and stand up . camera move in to the handset , and we hear stevie on the other end . stevie ( on phone ) Dan ! dan ! dan grab a kerosene lantern off the shelf , light it , brighten the room . he move towards the door ... knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! dan stop , stare at the swirling mist outside the window . the shadow play trick , something backlit , moving out there ... 74 . int . lighthouse - night stevie can hear the pounding over the phone . knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! stevie dan !!! int . weather station - night camera move towards the door . more pounding . the glow around the doorframe intensifies . dan what be this , a joke ? ( towards the phone ) whoever it be , they be not gonna like my sense of humor ! int . lighthouse ~- night stevie shout into the phone . stevie dan ! don ’t OPEN the door !!! int . weather station - night dan grab the doorknob . he pull the door OPEN , and ... nothing . save for a wall of pale , white fog . he peer into it , certain he see movement out there ... dan yo ! who 's there ? silence . dan turn , yell towards the phone again . dan I think some fool get drunk and start take this hundred - year crap a little too seriously . here I come , asshole ! he step out into the fog , completely disappearing . there 's a long , insufferable beat , when suddenly , we hear glass . breaking ... dan no ! nooo00000000 ! there 's a wumph sound , familiar somehow , and then ... 75 . a huge fireball come hurtling back through the door with tremendous force , only this fireball be scream !!! int . lighthouse - night stevie listen in horror over the phone , when a smashing SOUND break the silence , like all the glass in the weatherstation just shatter ! then ... Dead silence . she listen . quiet . stevie ( weak ) Dan ... stevie hang up . freak . thinks . punch she cell phone , home pop on the display ... put the phone to she ear , but the call will not go through . nothing but scratchy static ... so she pick up the land line and dial ... ext . telephone pole - night there 's a glow on the pole as the fog swirl up the base , move methodically towards the mass of wire at the top ... int . stevie 's beach house - night the phone ring . mrs . kobritz be watch wheel of fortune . mrs . kobritz andy ! rrritinnnggg ! int . lighthouse - night stevie squeeze the phone , anxious . stevie c'mon ! pick up !!! int . andy 's room - night andy sit on he bed , stare out the window . the light be off , but there be a faint glowing on he face , come from just outside ... ext . telephone pole - night the fog achieve the top of the telephone pole . a thick rope of mist form a noose around the main cluster of wire ... 76 . int . stevie 's beach house - night mrs . kobritz move over to the phone , reach blindly for it , if she could only take she eye off the tube ... ext . telephone pole - night we hear the tensile pop as the wire SNAP !!! int . stevie 's beach house - night mrs . kobritz finally find the phone . mrs . kobritz hello ? hello ! int . lighthouse - night the phone go dead in stevie 's hand . she jiggle the cradle . nothing . she slam the receiver down in frustration . she stand for a moment by the window , then look out again . see the fog ... ext . wood - night we be on top of a hillside , look down into a stand of tree . nothing unusual here . but a moment later , the forest begin to glow ... ext . water tank - night . the fog surge towards a huge metal water tank , perch on the hill above the town . close on a red valve -handle - as the fog creep over , it begins to turn , releasing a huge torrent of water that goe flooding down the hillside . new angle as the lead edge of the fog move on , finger spread in every direction , creep forward like a vaporous army on the move ... unstoppable . ext . MAIN STREET - night kathy be wrapping up she interminable speech , as young volunteer pass out candle to the crowd of townspeople seat in the bleecher ... 77 . kathy ..- and as we think back across the year , I would like for each of we to keep in mind how important this night be to every citizen in Antonio Bay . ext . ANTONIO BAY power station - night conerete and steel . the thrum of turbine and generator come from inside . a lit sign in front read : ANTONIO BAY power and light - substation # 2 slowly , the fog rise up over the sign , devouring it ... ext . switchback - wood - night nick be truck roar past camera . ext . wood - night the glowing fog move out of the wood , roll towards the road . we see headlight come at we from around a curve , as the fog move closer , press up onto the shoulder , almost to the asphalt now , when ... nick's truck fly right by ... one split second before the fog swirl over the road ... int . nick's pickup truck - night elizabeth sit close to nick , still read from the journal in she lap : elizabeth '' April 20 . can not sleep . my mind be fill with the abomination of what my conspirator and I have plan . the twelve of we meet tonight behind lock door . from midnight until one o'clock , we plotted the death of blake and he comrade . '' 's nick look out the window , as they drive past the site where the for sale sign stand . nick ( realize ) fifty acre . two mile north . this be it ! ( turns. to she ) this be they land . 78 . int . andy 's room - night andy move to he window . outside , we see a revenant of fog move around the sill , search for a way in . andy tap the glass . the fog stop , cock its '' head '' , as if curious , then ... ext . stevie 's beach house - night the fog dip below the windowsill , still search . we flow with it , as it hug the foundation , investigate the possibility . finally it waft out to the street , roll over the curb , hugging the gutter ... . flow down into the sewer . ext . power station - night spine of the fog surround the building , each act independently of the next , all seek a point of entry . there 's a cracked window in the back . one spine of fog '' turn '' , as if to notify its counterpart , which quickly merge into a swirling Mass ... int . power station - night the fog seep in through the break window , drift towards the generator ... int . lighthouse - night stevie flip a switch , bring the mic to she lip . stevie this be stevie on kab . there 's a problem with the phone here at the station , maybe everywhere , I do not know , so I be gonna hope somebody 's listen ... int . nickan pickup truck - night nick turn up the radio ... stevie ... there 's a emergency in the coast guard weather station on old russleville Road . there 's a good chance somebody 's hurt pretty bad out there ... 79 . elizabeth we be close . ext . road - night pass a turnoff , nickan truck screech to a stop , back up and turn the other way . int . power station - night the fog split into two distinct tendril , curling sharply , allow themselves to be sucked into the gut of the dual turbine . zaaaaaaaap ! there ‘s a huge flowing arc of electricity before the whole system overload and explode ! int . lighthouse - night the light flicker and die . the electronics drone to a stop . stevie check she console . everything 's dead . ext . lighthouse roof - night the lighthouse beacon go out , grind to a halt . insert - a reserve battery in a orange coast -guard casing . we hear a automatic switching SOUND . ext . lighthouse roof the beacon come back to life . int . lighthouse - night unfortunately , this have no effect on the light inside the station . stevie get up , look out the window , see Antonio Bay have go dark , and the fog , move down the coast , poise to swallow it whole ... stevie screw this . she pick up she car key and go . '' ext . MAIN STREET - night the town have go dark . Signs , building -- everything . the only light be from the flicker of the fifty or so candle in the bleacher . kathy and the other look confuse . tom malone get up . 80 . tom malone nothing to worry about . just a power failure . probably temporary . you can thank Gray Davis ... int . stevie 's beach house - night the light be out . mrs . kobritz stand at the glass door look out , she face illuminate by the pale glow of the fog . andy this be awesome . mrs . kobritz I think we better close all the window . check you bedroom . I / 11 check you mother 's . as they turn for the bedroom , we hold on the glass door as the fog rise up the pane , swirl , flow , and within it , we could swear we see face - haunted face - peering in . int . crawlspace - stevie 's beach house - night we 're close on a slow -dripping pipe as a water droplet form , then fall , form , then fall ... suddenly , the drip stop . a tiny puff of fog leak out , then we hear the pipe moan as it pass through ... int . coast guard weather station - night the station be dark and quiet . every window be shatter , but there be no sign of the fog . through the open door , we see nickan pickup drive up . he and elizabeth get out . they come in through the open door and we hear glass crunching underfoot . elizabeth click on the flashlight . elizabeth hello ? anybody here ? nick be careful , there 's glass everywhere . elizabeth stay right beside he . elizabeth what be that smell ? 81 . they cross the room , assay the damage , when we hear : splat . splat . splat . elizabeth 's flashlight find a gooey red liquid , pool on the floor ... she raise the beam , look for the source ... finding it !!! nick elizabeth jesus !!! nicki !! dan' scorched body hang there , lodged in the drywall , he burnt , shrunken feature clinging to he skull . ext . lighthouse - night stevie get into she car . the fog be come towards she , bear down , oddly lit every few second by the lighthouse beacon . she look behind she as she fumble the key into the ignition , see nothing but white . she hit a button , which raise the convertible top , slowly ... slowly . she wind up the window now , which close just as the fog swallow the car . stevie turn the key . the engine kick over , but will not catch . insert - under the car ‘s hood the fog seep in around the grille , follow the injector line , and as stevie crank the engine , it penetrate the AIR intake . . int . stevie' convertible - night she try once more , but it 's not happen . outside , in the pulsing white , she see that familiar movement in the mist , image rush past , when suddenly , there 's a pounding on the glass ... knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! stevie scream , make a check 360 ... but there 's nobody there ... int . stevie 's beach house - night mrs . kobritz stand in the kitchen . she strike a match , light a few candle , when she hear a strange gurgling come from the sink . 82 . she pick up one of the candle , lean down to get a better look ... her Pov - the sink the drain be back up . the garbage disposal begin cough up dark , scummy water . mrs . kobritz shit . she get a plunger from under the sink and go to work , as the pipe begin to rattle and groan ... she lean down again , inspect , but the drain be still clogge . some greasy bubbles rise ominously to the surface . reluctantly , she push up she sleeve and stick she hand in up to the elbow , grimace , feel around for a long beat . finally there come a look on she face as if she 's find the problem , when her arm be tug by something unseen . there 's a puzzle look on she face , and then kersplash !!! her arm be jerk violently down the drain , submersing her face in the dark water . bubble roil as the old woman scream and struggle beneath the surface , as she be jerked down again , harder and harder , when ... suddenly the thrashing stop . we be behind she now , as she stand up , gasp for breath , hair drip unctuous water on she bright pant-suit ... her Pov - as she pull she arm from the water ... to find it cover in pus - filled boil and sagging , gangrenous tissue . she turn to face US now , a steaming monstrosity of GREEN , rotting flesh and yellow oozing pus . she reach up to touch she face , but the skin only come off to the bone . her rotting lip curl away as she false tooth drop from she mouth and hit the floor . y 83. int . stevie 's car - night stevie try to start the car one last time . hopeless . outside , the weird strobing of the lighthouse beacon continue , but what she doesn ’t see , be tiny wisp of the fog , seeping - in through the vent in the dash ... before she can react , tendril of the stuff surge in , move past she shoulder , locking the door ! the fog jerk the seatbelt out of its reel , pinning stevie to her seat by the throat . her seat slide back - she foot can no longer touch the brake , the gearshift pop into neutral and the car begins to roll ! ( towards the cliff above the ocean which we can not see , but we know be there ) ... with one hand clutching at the belt around she neck , stevie grab the parking brake with the other . the fog fight she for it , rasp at she finger , turn they bloody , until she finally must let go . the car keep roll , building momentum now , as stevie sees a button on the dash : defroster . she hit it full blast . her hair blows back . the fog make a weird , almost child - like SOUND as the warm air from the defroster hit . the fog seem to diminish somehow , and in that instant , she pull the seatbelt from around she neck , ext . stevie' convertible - night the front wheel of the slow - roll car drop . the car skid out over cliff 's edge . int . stevie 's convertible - night she find the doorhandle , and jump out , fall , fall , until she smack down on a tiny outcropping . visibility zero , she back away from the ledge , hugging the wall of the cliff , when out of the white void above ... the car fall -- a ton of steel and rubber go flying right . past her , missing the ledge by inches , disappearing into the white gulf below . 84 . int . stevie 's beach house - night camera low to the floor ~- teeth in f.g. as mrs . kobritz ' lie on the floor , the vaporous steam still rising off her head , beginning to Mass now , rise up as if sense something or someone else in the room ... close on andy who stand in the doorway , frightened beyond belief . he run down the hall into he room , slam the door . int . andy 's room - night he stand there , tremble and afraid , he eye on the light come under the crack of he door . close on the door as a thin wisp of the fog appear underneath . andy rip the cover off he bed , stuff they under the crack , seemingly quashing the threat , when ... knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! he back away from the door , want to panic . instead , he rush over to he desk , search for something , until he find a roll of scotch tape ... ext . lighthouse - night batter and bruise , stevie claw she way back up and over the cliff . she look for the beacon on the lighthouse , locate it , get to she foot ... and make a run for it , the beacon she only compass . weird shape and image wisk past in the ether , reach out for she as she run , snatching at she hair , she clothes , blind she in all the white ... int . lighthouse - night stevie burst in , slam the door , slide the bolt across . she open a storage closet , shove some rag under the crack in the door . she go over , rip a tarp off the lighthouse 's auxiliary generator . she yank the cord . the thing sputter . she yank again . 85 . in a frenzy , she pull the generator cord over and over . stevie please start ... please ... suddenly , the generator sputter to life , humming steadily . the light come back on . stevie run up the stair . int . lighthouse - kab - night stevie rush over to the microphone , turn it on . stevie please . if anybody can hear I . anybody ! please go check on my son . it 's 887 White Beach Road . I can not get through to he on the phone and ... it be all too much for she . it take everything she 's get to keep from go to piece . stevie .-. I can not get there . please . ext . nick's pickup truck - night nick and elizabeth ride in the cab , racing the fog which surge up behind they . int . nick 's pickup truck - night stevie ( on radio ) ... it 's 887 White Beach Road . if anybody can hear I , please hurry . elizabeth we have gotta turn around . nick you can not even see the road . we x11 never make it through . elizabeth ( indefatigable ) then we 'il find another way . ext . old logging road - night nick 's truck turn off the paved road , blast onto the rutte dirt log road . 86 . nick I '' gonna need you eye , here . Pov - thru the windshield flying over the washboard road , blast in and out of the patchy fog -- racing past tree one second , flying blind the next we emerge to find ourselves head for a steep drop - off at edge of the wind road . nick crank the wheel ! the headlight find the road again , but only for a instant , and we 're in the fog again ... ext . nick's truck - night enshroud in fog , the truck sideswipe a tree , continue on . ext . wood - night the fog roll down a hill in a silent avalanche . out ahead - of it , we can see ... ext . road out of town - night ... the yellow caution light of a power and light repair truck , park on the side of the road . one lineman be up on the pole as the other lean against the truck , eat a sandwich . over he shoulder , we can see a bar of fog move unnaturally ... lineman we get power up to here . trouble 's gotta be at the substation . the other guy grunt . the fog make a turn , as if hearing this , sweeping he way . the guy look up at he buddy , take a bite of he sandwich , when we see a slithering tendril of the fog snake its way right up he nose . the guy blink , wipe he nose , check he sleeve . then , he turn and matter - of - factly grab the lever of the lift bucket and pull . the lineman be be thrust up towards the hi-voltage wire . he look down over the edge of the bucket . 87 . lineman lucius ! what the hell be you doin ! kill the lift ! lucius !!! the bucket crush he into the wire . there 's a loud hum , as a blue arc of electricity jolt through he body , blowing the hardhat right off he head . the electricity surge down the metal arm of the hydraulic lift , blasting lucius 50 yard in the AIR , killing he dead . and as he lie there quivering , the fog slip out through he nostril and move on ... ext . ANTONIO BAY - night the fog have move inland , drift between the house , come up the side street . ext . malone 's truck - night malone open the passenger door of he truck , grab a flashlight off the seat , when he suddenly realize the . journal be go . he check the floor , under the seat , etc . he think for a second , piss , then slam the door . ext . ANTONIO BAY square - night malone walk past the still - full bleacher , take the stage . tom malone we be gonna have to break this up , folk . the power should have be on by now . the fog 's movin 's in and I think it 's best everybody just go on home . okay ? drive safe , now . kathy look crestfallen . tom put he hand on she shoulder . tom malone do not go anywhere . you and I may have a problem ... she look up at he , concerned . behind she , the townspeople rise , empty the bleacher , point here and there at the fog roll in , when somebody start scream ! just inside the advancing wall of fog be a man , seemingly trap , flail away as he’s swept down the STREET ! he desperately reach out to malone with one arm that somehow remain clear of the pulsing mist . 88. malone grab he hand , stay out ahead of the stuff , try to pull the man free ! malone 's Pov - into the fog swirling image of the man 's tormented face in excruciating pain . : close on the man 's hand the finger clamp down on malone 's hand in a death grip , try to pull he in ! malone rear back , pulling away for all he’s worth , when ... the arm come off ! malone fall back , scramble away from the fog , the arm still twitching in the STREET ... people be running from the bleacher now , father , mother and child , scatter in all direction , scream , try to avoid the fog . ext . rainy ale - night a hoard of people run into the rainy ale . hank jone stand at the door , wave people inside . a fat woman run for the door , the fog right on she heel , - eat up the space between they . hank c’mon ! run ! and right before he eye , the woman vanish . not so much swallow by the fog , as jerked into it , she arm flail up in surprise ... hank blink in disbelief , when somebody pull he inside and shut the door . int . nick 's pickup truck - night barrel down the road . elizabeth point out the window . elizabeth there ! Pov - thru truck window a streetsign in the headlight : white beach road . 89 . ext , white beach road - night the truck squeal a hard turn , race on . int . andy 's room - night andy sit on the bed , clutching he pillow . he 's paralyze with fear , eye wide and fixate on the door - a mess of scotch tape now plaster around the entire frame . the pulsing light of the fog be come in on all side now , not just the bottom . close on a section of tape , beginning to peel back and now we can hear water dripping on the other side , when ... knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! ext . nick 's truck - stevie 's beach house - night Nick 's truck screech to a stop at the rear of the beach house . nick jump out . nick get behind the wheel . keep the engine run . elizabeth Nick ! nick ! but he 's already racing towards the house . she scoot over into the driver 's seat , put she hand on the gearshift . she lift she finger , check the little shift diagram on the handle . the reach up to adjust the rearview , slowly turn ... her Pov - the fog be come up the road behind she . ext . stevie 's beach house ~ night nick run up to a window and shine the flashlight in . nothing . he check another window . then a third . int . andy'' room - night andy sit on he bed , stare at the door . camera push in on the doorknob as jt slowly start to turn ! angle on nick - appear in the window 90 . look in . he break the glass . shard fly onto the bed . andy look back with wild eye to see nick try to climb in , but the open be too high . he stick he arm through the break glass , reach out to andy . nick come on ! but andy be too scared to move . over he shoulder , nick see the door starting to OPEN ! nick . andy ! grab my hand ! andy look at nick , then back at the door ... ... as the tape be rip away . the door open to reveal a glistening black , seaweed - cover thing stand in the doorway . it leap into the room . nick goddammit , kid ! get outta there ! and as the thing approach the bed , andy finally leap up ! nick grab he hand and pull he out ! ext . nick 's truck - stevie 's beach house ~- night nick race back to the truck with andy in he arm . int . truck - night they jump in . nick hit it ! elizabeth grind the gear , finally find one . she jam the gas . the truck rock forward , but it 's not move ... ext . nick's truck - night the back tire whirr , spin and smoking and sink down into the soft sand under they as ... the fog move in , only a few foot from they now . 91 . int . nick 's truck - night elizabeth frantically gun the engine . the truck rock back and forth , tire whining , go nowhere . nick you can do it !!! ext . nick 's truck - night the back tire just sink deeper . the fog be now inch away . int . nick's truck - night through the window , we see the fog as it reach the truck , and the writhing seaweed - thing walk through it , not ten foot away from they now . elizabeth slam the truck into reverse . ext . nick's truck - night it back up and out of the hole ! int . nick's truck - night elizabeth try to shove it into first . the gear grind ! nick look out the window . the thing be right there in the headlight , coming at they ! angle on elizabeth she get the truck into gear , grit her teeth and punch it ! ext . white beach road - night the truck lurch forward and not thing ! it fly up onto the hood ... int . nick's truck - night .-- smashing against the windshield , become nothing more than a black , undulating tangle of seaweed , oozing yellow fluid all over the windshield ( same stuff as be on journal ) . with a emotionless face , elizabeth turn on the wiper . the seaweed slide up the window and fly off . Nick notice she hand , tremble on the steering wheel . he reach over andy , put he arm around she . 92 . ext . behind the truck - night the truck roar off into the distance -- away from the fog . but we hold on the tangle of seaweed and when the fog waft over it , it begins to throb and squirm , contorting back into its original form ... ext . road out of town - night a line of taillight line road out of town . but this line of traffic be not go anywhere . ext . washout - night gushing water from the compromise tank have washed out the road . townspeople stand by they car on the edge of the break asphalt , peer down at the sluice mud . panicked . int . lighthouse - night stevie look out the window , devastate by what she see : her Pov - the fog spread inland , covering everything . she unclamp the microphone , clutching it in she bleed hand , despondent and scared ... stevie Andy . I do not even know if ... if you can hear I . I be sorry I do not come for you . if you be safe ... if you can hear this word ... get to the old church on the hill , however you can ... ext . STREET - night nick 's truck hurtle along a street lead back into town . int . nick 's truck - night nick , elizabeth and andy listen to the radio : stevie ( on radio ) ... the fog be move inland , like a wall . it 's everywhere . the church be the only place above the fog . for now . elizabeth slam on the brake and the truck swap end , rocking to a stop . 93 . through the window , we can see the fog come directly towards we , over house and park car , quietly gobble up everything in its path . nick back up and take a leave ! the gear grind . elizabeth growl . she smile at he , then slam the truck into gear . all business . ext . church graveyard ~ night father malone walk among the headstone in the cemetery , a bottle of whiskey in he hand , obviously drunk . he reach the edge of the graveyard , stop at a particularly elaborate stone , engrave thusly : patrick thomas malone father malone take a pull from the bottle , look down at the fog , like a pulsing lid on the valley below . father malone there 's nothing to stop it now ... he take a skeleton key from he pocket , drop it on the ' ground beside the headstone ... spooner ( 0.s. ) Father ? spooner stand there , six roll of duct tape on he arm , like bracelet . father malone turn , not recognize he . spooner it 's I . brett spooner . you have gotta get inside , Father . int . nick 's truck - Pov through windshield - night through the windshield , we pass the cemetery , arrive at the church . ext . church - night nick , elizabeth and andy get out of the truck . elizabeth take a quick look back down the hill . her Pov - the glowing fog seem to be swelling , move up the hill towards the church . 94 , nick let 's get inside . nick push on the door , but it 's lock . he bang on it . spooner ( 0.s. ) who be it ? nick look at elizabeth . nick spooner ? spooner you be not spooner . nick open the fuckin’ door , spooner ! int . the church - night the church be dark , light only by the flicker of flame in the big stone fireplace . father malone stand stare out one of the front window . spooner pull open the door and they rush inside , shut the door behind they . nick where the hell have you be ? spooner ( indicate the tape ) hardware store , for starter . elizabeth Father ? malone just look out the window , a thousand - yard -stare . ( to match malone in lighthouse in open ) elizabeth walk up to he , the journal in she hand . elizabeth ( shaking he ) Father ! be there a cellar in here ? a basement ? anything . father malone we can not hide from it ... she pull out the photo of the founding father . 95 . elizabeth all must die . what do that mean , Father . who be this man ? father malone no matter where we go , it will find we . . elizabeth what do they do ? what happen a hundred year ago ? father malone a lie . a whole town , build on betrayal . and now they have come back to make we pay . ( look right at she ) it 's judgement day . nick what the hell be be you talk about ? tom malone ( 0.s. ) I will tell you what he 's talk about . tom malone come in with kathy , start walk towards elizabeth . tom malone a figment of a drunk 's imagination . a wife 's tale on the lip of a die old man , pass down from generation to generation . tom malone take the journal from elizabeth . she stare dagger at she mother , but kathy will not meet she gaze . tom malone time to put all that to rest , once and for all , he throw the journal into the fire . [ efx ] father malone watch this , almost a smile on he face . andy stand at the window . andy ( 0.s. ) there 's people out there ! elizabeth join andy at the window . 96 . Pov - through church window the fog be come up through the tree . deep within its glow , we can see dark shape swirl in the mist , on the march towards the church . elizabeth that be not people . tom malone there 's a cellar in the back . bring the boy and follow I . malone try the door . tom malone it 's lock . where 's the key , Bobby . father malone afraid of a wife 's tale , Tom ? tom malone gimme the god damn key ! andy stand by the window , still look out . elizabeth Andy . move away , honey . elizabeth shove a cabinet in front of the window , when craaash ! we hear a window shatter on the other side of the lock . door . spooner ( 0.s. ) malone ! malone turn , spooner throw he a roll of duct tape . spooner it 's out there . and we gotta keep it out . I have see what it can do . tom malone a lecture from my favorite fugitive . spooner , you wanna live through this , or not ? grow nervous now , tom malone strip some tape from the roll and start in on the door . 37 . kathy walk up to elizabeth , try to touch she shoulder . elizabeth duck out from under it . tom malone rip more tape , turn to he brother . tom malone help I . father malone look at he flatly , take a swig from he bottle . tom malone you coward . you have always be a coward . you know what you problem be ? you care too much . look where it 's get you , Bobby . then look where I be . you know why ? Cause I do not give a shit . new angle nick and spooner have finish taping the front door . they pick up a heavy wooden pew , lodge it against the frame . the whole place be start to glow , completely surround by the fog , when ... craaash ! the window behind kathy shatter ! a razor - sharp needle of fog dart in , stabbing through her left ear , coming out her right , killing her instantly ! her eye roll back as the fog literally rip her out the window , disappearing through the jagged frame ! tom malone Jesus Christ ... elizabeth no !!! elizabeth run towards the window . nick practically tackle she from behind . she tear herself away , run over to the window . the fog throbs and swirl just outside , but doesn ’t come in ... nick get somthing in front of that window !!! tendril of the STUFF peer in , as if size thing up , sussing they out ... 98 . they all stare at it , afraid to move , afraid not to , and then , we could almost swear it somehow look pleased . maybe even smile , when ... angle on the fireplace a huge ball of flame lick from the fireplace , catch some long curtain on FIRE . smoke begins to billow , elizabeth run over , try to put it out ... father malone move to the fireplace . he Pov on the journal , lie there in the flame . int . lighthouse - night stevie stand in the lighthouse window , the mic still in she hand . stevie . I be gonna try to stay on the air as long as I can . I do not know what 's go on out there , but if one person can hear I ... outside the window - the fog rise up , slowly obscure the window , give we the feel the whole lighthouse be sink . stevie put the microphone down . she 's through . she pick up the picture of she kid ... ».. and now , she begin to hear voice . plead , horrify voice , garble by time and unknown dimension . behind her , twisted image appear within the fog , scratching at the glass , search for a way in ... close on - the access window by the gauge a paper - thin wisp of fog seep in - try to lift the latch . and with every pass of the lighthouse beacon , we can see agonized face at the window -- bloated , drowned face . burned face . leper face . 99 . she put she hand over she ear and turn away -- but there be no turning away . she 's trapped in a 360 - degree theatre of the macabre . int . the church - night the FIRE glow in father malone 's eye . shield he face from the heat , he reach in with a pair of tong and pull the journal from the flame . he drop it at he foot ... tom malone what the hell be you do . and it 's then we notice the journal be completely intact , as if it be untouched by the flame . tom malone it do not burn . father malone they will not let it burn . and we may notice the glowing outside the church have cease . elizabeth go over , look out the break window . elizabeth it 's go . the other come to see for themselves . there Pov the fog be recede , curling away unnaturally , as if in some jerky , reverse motion . tom malone it 's go , ( a little laugh ) it 's go ! andy wrap he arm around elizabeth . she look over at nick . something be not right . spooner ( 0.s. ) Nick ? angle on spooner who stand in the center of the room . he look over at nick with plead eye , and then ... 100 . spooner oh , shit ... fog erupt from every pore in he body , rising up , gaining Mass , sucking every drop of life right out of he ! he scream ! ! ! all the window in the church explode ! spooner stagger toward nick under the shower of glass , mouthing '' help I '' as he internal organ boil up out of he eye - socket . he turn toward elizabeth , reaching out to her , as the fog decimate he from the scalp down ... the bone of he spine and ribcage fall down around what used to be he pelvis . the rest be nothing but steaming grue . the fog continue to fortify itself , take on a predatory stance , then slowly , purposefully , turn ... on the malone . side-by-side at the fireplace . tom look at he brother , slowly distance himself . but it 's not bobby the fog want ... tom malone begin to tremble . the fog reach out and touch he face , almost caress it . it draw he in , examine he now like a piece of meat ina butcher shop . finally , the two of they be face to face , almost as if it be search for something in tom malone 's eye ... malone be suddenly yanked head - first into the belly of the fog with unimaginable force . his body flop around in mad convulsion as ... . the front door of the church fly OPEN the fog explode out the door , drag malone with it , kicking and scream ! ext . the church - night nick and elizabeth run outside , join by andy and father malone . the fog have completely lift from around the church , save for that which now drag tom off through the tree . 101 . elizabeth c'mon . we have get to see . nick what ? elizabeth it 's not over . int . lighthouse - night stevie open the circuit-breaker panel in the wall , pull the one label ' beacon '. the '' show '' outside the window go dark . close on - the access window it 's OPEN . the door to the stair slam shut - the only way out . freaked , stevie go over , try the knob , when ... the light go out ! suddenly , stevie lets out a yelp . she lift up she arm , see a slash across it ... she squirm , as if be contain by force unseen , something pulling her hair now , arching she head back as ... camera follows a knife as it appear from the darkness below she waistline , the glimmer point trace a line across she flat stomach , up and around the curve of she breast . it slow as it reach she slender neck , press against she throat in the shape of a smile , before work its way up she cheek , the glint point rise slowly before she right eye . a tear run down she face . the lock on the door click . door swing slowly OPEN and whatever it be , lead stevie out ... ext . the wood - night we're overhead , moving through the treetop , looking down on tom malone as he 's rip through the wood by the fog , scraping over rock and stump , whipsawing madly as if be draw by a team of wild horse . 102 . ext . lighthouse roof - night stevie step out onto the railing , kick and claw for dear life . the voice rise again . the face be close enough to touch , swirling in the mist . she cling to the rail , desperate for a handhold , fight for she life . but the thing with the knife slam her back against the lighthouse wall , the knife blade jamme against she cheek , push she face towards the sea , forcing her to look ... and out there in the mist , anchored in the water off spivey point be a SMALL clipper ship . the elizabeth dane . ext . a clearing - night malone 's batter body emerge from the wood , finally dropped in the middle of a clear ... malone look up , and as the fog release he , it begin to change form , slowly evolve into the image of someone we recognize ... blake - the man who be wronged 100 year ago . behind he , a wall of fog roll out of the forest , within it , appear all the ghost of the elizabeth dane ... ... and as we widen , we see the for sale sign plant in the dirt , and it 's then we realize the leper have return to there land ! ext . lighthouse roof - night stevie fight with everything she have left , as the thing with the knife force her up onto the railing now . teeter , she look down ... her Pov - jagged rock below , ocean crashing . ext . the clearing - night batter and bruise , malone rise to he hand and knee . new angle as nick , elizabeth , andy and father malone reach the edge of the clear ... there Pov - '' 103 . blake ghost stand over tom malone , who try to crawl away , as ... the ground beneath he suddenly liquify . he's sinking into it , like wet cement that cling to he arm and legs in glob and he’s up to he chest now , and the more he struggle , the deeper he sink ... he lets out a unearthly scream , and now we can only see he eye and then ... he be gone . blake pulis back he cloak , revealing he ghostly , leprous face , and now , another ghost appear . it , too , pull its cloak back , and we realize this be he wife . he reach out to she and she to he . he pull her close and they kiss ... ..- and as they do , there leprous skin be heal ... and for a fleeting moment , we see they in they true form ... ..- and then they just dissolve , absorbed like so much rain water in the thirsty earth ... . there soul finally at rest . ext . lighthouse roof - night the knife at stevie 's throat fall away , drop into the - ocean far below . she fall back onto the railing and gather herself . the night be clear . the thing with the knife be go . there be complete silence . fade to black : and over black , we hear : stevie ( v.o. ) I do not think any of we can really say what happen last night . fade up . int . lighthouse - day stevie be at she console with the microphone . andy play close by . 104 . stevie maybe the fog be try to send we a message . or maybe it be lead we somewhere ... ext . elizabeth 's house - day elizabeth lock the front door . she pick up she suitcase , come down the sidewalk . stevie ( v.o . ) .-. but if this have be anything more than a nightmare , and if all of we do not wake up snug and warm in we bed ... int . nickan pickup truck ~- day she get in , take nick 's hand as they drive away . stevie ( v.o . ) ... look into the darkness across the water . look for the fog ... int . church - day father malone grasp a slab from the stone wall of the church . he pull it away , revealing a hollow space behind . he lay the journal inside , then slide the big slab back into place , start cement it with mortar . stevie ( v.0 . ) it could come again . the end