ssa 's vhe GREEN effect a original screenplay January 7 , 2007 write by m . night shvamalan copyright 2007 blind edge picture . inc . int . apartment - morning legend '' downtown Philadelphia '' we be staring ata doer to a hallway . a concerned man in he early thirly step in like he 's about to say something . he have a guitar strapped around he shoulder . a six - inch replica of dega 's '' Little dancer '' smashes into the bedroom door next to the man . [ ts ceramic bit shatter and fal ] to the ground . ellioy moore stare down at the piece . elliot I do not believe you mean that . alma moore stand half - dress . she lock like a jibrarian and have a kind for stare at he with exhaust eye . alma you be in denial . I just throw something at you . elliot you throw something near I . I see the video of you play softball in high school . you be a assassin . if you want to hit I you would have hit I . alma laugh even though a tear roll down she cheek . alma yourre drive I crazy . she check herself in the mirror . she be cry and fix she makeup . alma who want to be treat by a therapist that look like this ? I be like frankenstein . ( softer ) you be go to be late for you class . she gather hersclf . she start out the bedroom door . she have to squeeze by hiliot in the doorway . they be close . he stop she . elliot see , you worry about I . alma ( whisper ) you know I keep try to do this so you will not get hurt . you just will not let that happen . ( beat ) there be thing you be not accept here . elliot teil I one . alma how about the fact that you be never go to be a musician . you be a science teacher . ( she shake she head ) a really good one , elliot ( hurt ) and ? alma and we . ( beat ) we be just not a good fit . elliot anything else ? alma yes , I be go to tell you one of that secret you should never tell you spouse . when I walk down the aisle . and you be wait , | get this sudden feel I be make a mistake . ww alma do you hear what p be walk up the al ! sure [ be make the rig ( beat ) we fight all the time . you be a good guy , we be just not good tog you see that do not you ? beat . I do not believe a word you just say . iler face harden . she walk out into the hall and to the small foyer . alma T want you to know I be not do this to hurt you . elliot why be you act this cynical ? you be not this cynical . she put on she coat . take she purse . she pull off she ring . elliot aljma do not - she put the ring on the foyer table . alma you believe I now ? she stare at he . he 's wobbly for a moment . elliot we will talk about this later . we be angry . alma that must be it elhot . will she shake she head before walk out . she close the front door . CUT to : jixt . brownstone - morning alma hesitates on the top of the stair of she brownstone . she turn back to the front door to open it . stop . she look at the door sadly and then start down the stair . CUT to : int . brownstone morning elliot be alone with the guitar on he shoulder . he stand in the empty home . elliot okay , breathe . the clock in the hall read 8:36 . CUT to : ext , park — morning legend '' Central Park , New York City 8:33 be '' New yorker walk they dog . thousands of people conduct they morning ritual a gust of wind pass through the massive tree of thr park . a pair of women sit on a blanket at the dead center of the park . one of they be pregnant with short spike hair . the other have she hair in a bun . they each have a book . hair in a bun woman I forget where J be . she flip through she book . spike hajr woman you be at the place where the killer meet to decide what to do with the crippled y & a bun woman ht . hair in . that 's 2 there be the first scream from the park . they be distant at the edge of the park . the spike haire woman look up . she squinis . spike hair woman do you hear that ? she stare . she see people in the distance walk backwards down the pathway and across the lawn . spike hair woman that 's funny . beat . she loak around . stop . her face crinkle at what she see . spike hair woman that 's weird . that people look like they be claw at themselves . ts that blood ? the scream come from all direction now . the spike haire woman look frighten now . she spin around . she see people in the park have become still . a couple start walk backwards . she look around . the people closer to she stumble and fall . the wind blows the grass around they . spike hair woman Clare ? you secing this ?... Clare ?... Clare the woman with she hair in a bun sit still . hair bun woman what page be I on ? the spike hair woman look confuse at she friend . the expression of confusion wash away . a eerie passiveness be leave . hair bun woman ( soft ) what page ? wo the hair bun woman reach up and take a long hairpin out of she hair and stab herself yn the throat . cur to : ext . construction site - morning legend '' New York City three block from Central Park 8:59 be '' steel girder be go up in a tree-clutter city block . the wind blows . a foreman and he crew be wait for the lift elevator to take they the twelve floor up the building frame . crew member ... so then the little guy say " you have a girlfriend name Wendy too ? well [ see you thing it say w-y . ' the big guy say '' no man mine sé welcome to Jamaica have a nice day . '' the man bellow with laughter . something fali . he distance behind they . it jend with a thud . everyone tum and go silent . foreman Christ , mckenzie fall . the foreman and the man rush over to the corner of the site where the body of the man lie crumpled in the dirt . the foreman yell into he walkie . foreman medic , we have a major accident at the south side of the building ! we will need a ambulance ! the foreman take off he hardhat as he stare down at the mangle body . the and around the foreman be ghostly white . crewmen ? foreman '' ig down ) Jesus , give he same room . thud . they all turn confuse and see another body of a crewmember lie at the far corner of the building site . foreman Davis ?... ' ion site chatter as the wind the tree around the construc blows . thud ... a third body fall very close to they . h ney be hten now . the crewmember on the ground pull away from the new body : £ paud ... another body . thud ... and another . ge of be apoplectic the man on the ground begin run . the foreman on the have finally look up not comprehend at the top of the twelve-story stcel frame structure the workman be casually walk along the beam and step off the edge ... one after the other . like doll offa shelf . foreman ( no voice ) God in heaven ... CUT to : int . classroom — morning we be in a science class , there be a slide projection glow in the room . picture of cave painting be project . the classroom be silent . girl student Mr. Moore ? elliot break from he thought . he realize the class be stare at he . elliot sorry . he click to the next slide . elliot all this image be from font - de- gaume in central France . it be the last location of color cave painting open to the public . [ be play a music festival ina small town , actually it turn out to be just a bunch of street performer . ( wave it off ) anyway [ go to see the cave . eliet click through a few slide of fade magenta bull and deer ellio when you walk into this place , it 's like a church . if you look up al this painting through the flicker light of a candle it 's like they be alive . this cave people worship nature . elliot stare at the fade slide . elliot this cave be discover in 1901 . unfortunately , it be not pretect at first and tourist do some damage . elliot click a slide . we sec a fade cave painting with graffiti etched onto it . date and initial of teenager carve onto a delicate picture of a bull . ' the classroom of student laugh . elliot look around at he student . elliot T know you do not think that 's funny . when they show I this . [ have tear in my eye . a couple of the male jn the class chuckle . ejiiot shake he head . elliot not aver to the ' dark ( beat ) do meat favor okay ? just keep yourself open ... to idea . lhe door to the classroom open . the light go on in the classroom . the student shield they eye and then look to the doorway where a man stand . elliot vice principal . the rebellion have lose another class . vice principal I be afraid T have to interrupt you for a moment Mr. Moore . elliot see the tense look under the vice principal 's smile . cur to : int . school hallway — morning the vice principal and elliot be walk down a school corridar . coming from the classroom . he look no by the chalkboard . other child be sit by eliot hear the 1.oud talk in ag they walk by . Children be sianc the window and talk . tliot turn to the solemn vice principal . elliot you excuse all the teacher ? the vice principal nod , '' yes . '' beat . elliot you guy make we teach with a foot of snow on the ground . what 's go on ? the vice principal open the door to the teacher 's lounge . CUT to : int . teachers *® lounge - morning the entire teach staff be cramme into the teacher 's lounge . all attention be on the : principal at the head of the room . principa ! appear to be world event happen Major city in every country be for hit just now with what seem to be a terrorist act . there be mumbling '' hers . elliot turn and look at the dishevel teacher stand with he . this be julian . principal they be really not release much right now , some kind of airborne chemical toxin that 's be release . New York be one of the city . julian be people die ? principal they be not tell we anything right now . they do not know what the chemical do . they do not know who 's responsible for this . all they do know js qhat the attack of ted in public park in every city . ( beat ) ispoke with the head of school . he say we should dismiss the student . more murmur from the teachers . principal take you planner home so we can get back when this be over . the principal look around the room of worried teacher . principal I be sure theyll have thing under contrel scon . principal all right , let 's do we job . CUT to : int . classroom - day ' the student be excitedly take they thing from they desk and stuff they schoolbag . elliot read the biochemical energy chapter . especially the part of how we bodi give off energy and how we energy change when we be around other people . become preoccupy as he pack he desk . E the kid start head out of the classroom . elliot ley st ley guy ! _ ellot stare at they face . elliot nothing . the kid look at each other confuse and then return to excited chatter as they leave the room . elliot be alone for a moment . Julian appear in the doorway . julian v mother call my cell . she 's hysterical . I tell she the probability of something happen in we city be very low , I throw she some figure . i 's good to be a math teacher . pe . she still want we to get out of the city and come out to she house . she say for you and alma to come . il elliot nod . elliot that will be goad for we . CUT to : ext . school parking lot - day elliot and Julian hurry down the stair among the throng of child move to bus and car pool . julian evetre and meet you vil brip at the station elliot alma and {had ancther fight . Julian stare . eltiot she say she 's leave . julian you okay ? elliot I be scared witless . Julian do not say anything . elliot let just get to you mom 's house . Julian nod . the crowd of kid pour past they the two friend separate . CUT to : ext . turnpike ~- day legend '' New Jersey Turnpike «six mile outside New York City 10:04 be '' rno the traffic be practically standstill . New Jersey tumnpike . the tollboth operator lean th a mot we be at a tollbooth on tt out of he booth and talk tor a toll booth ope . at breakfast she tell I she dream about Michael Jackson 's old nose . she say in the dream she 's play scrabble with Michael Jackson , but he have he old nose . she say it be very disturbing . so then about ten minute ago she call I and say she know all this stuff be go to happen today because of the dream . can you believe that ? she think somehow Michael Jackson have he old nose while play scrabble , be a sign something bad be go happen ? ( beat ) my point be , everybody be overreact . they be probably go to open that tunnel and let people into New York City anv minute now . ' the motorist look ahead . both direction cf traffic be crawl . CUT to : ext . traffic - day motorist inch forward down the highway . most of the car have they window down . a gentle breeze move over the car . the highway be nestle by tree . they tower on cither side . we see the reflection of the tree on the windshield of the car as they move . suddenly we hear the SOUND of a car crashing in the distance . there be the squeak of tire a a SOUND of metal crunching metal . then we hear another crash echo over the highway . and other right after it . 13 we see a car swerve and smash ( nto tite concrete divide between thee highway . CUT to : a car with its window up . Parents and they child sit inside . child jn back seat I spy with my jirtle eye something red . father - Mom 's sneaker . the mother hit the father on the arm . the mother turn to the child . mother honey , you can not keep pick my sneaker . it make it too e there be the dull SOUND of crash in the distance . the father look out the window . father hey guy quiet for a second . do you hear that ? ti sound like crash . ' the father see a guy get out of a car right in front of they . father let 's ask if he know what 's go on . ' the father 's hand go to the window button and stop . the man be walk backwards towards they . chii.d in back seat I spy with my little eye someone walk backwards . the man outside stop and face they . the man have a passiveness about he that be frightening . the man and the family stare at each other for a moment . the man step forward and smashes he face through the windshield . shatter glass cover the scream child in the backseat of the car . CUT to : int . apartment - day alma be on the sofa . she stare conceme at the news . there be two people argue . ajma 's phone buzze in she pocket she turn down the sound on the tv . she pull out the phone . when she see the word '' joey '' appear on the screen , she do not know what to do . she put the phone down on the cofive table like it burnt she hand . she watch it buzz on the table . she do not answer it , it become quict . alma jump at the SOUND of keys in the front door . elliot move in the front door hurviedly . elliot be you pack ? alma yes . ( beat ) we should finish talk about what we be talk about this mome . elliot T want to too . ( beat ) but we should go first . alma we will not be alone for a while . elliot we will find time . T promise . beat . okay . eliot look to the television . ellio ? what be they say ? C alma it 's up to twenty - s] x now , elliot you be kid . she turn on the SOUND . two guy be be ! g ina crossfire type news show . red fa ibby anchor it 's obviously one of three major terrorist group . government guy with glass ' you can not say that . red face chubby anchor why not ? government guy with glass they just report Moscow , Paris , Manchester , sarajevo , nairobi and Amsterdam ... who 's mad at Amsterdam ? tell I that ? ( beat ) there 's nothing that tie that city together . ' there 's no political connection . 's '' elliot watch carefully . government guy with glass it 's like some horror movie where the villain have some master plan to kill everyone in over - populate city . beat . red face chubby anchor ( turn to camera ) so who 's the vi ? we will discuss more after the break . alma turn off the television . alma will water the plant . elliot nod . alma get up off the sofa . elliot stare at the dark sereen . CUT to : int . elliot 's home office —- day we be in the guest room elliot use as bis office . elliot pull out a storage box from a stack of storage box in the closet elliot ( to himseli} I have teach this before . . fle open the box . rifles through it . elliot ( to himself ) T have teach this before ... he stop rifling through the file . pull out a stack of papers . he flip through the top test paper . beat . his eye scan the word . he grab a pen from he desktop . he circle the word , '' gas-toxin '' . his eye go down a few line . he circle , '' unable to identify attacker '' he gocs down a couple more line and circle , '' overpopulate area '' elliot ( to himscif ) this be insane . i7 he close the test paper . on the front of the paper be the type word ... pay pap y p ' '' form 1v midterm test nature '' CUT to : int . foyer —- day alma wait in the hall . she hear the buzz of the phone , she reach into she purse and pull out the phone , '' joey '' appear on the screen . alma js flustered . she look down the hall nervously as she try to silence the phone . by mistake she turn the phone to ' loud ring 's the phone ring loudly in the hall . alma pany and shut down the phone . she put it back . she take a few deep breath . alma stand wait with a duffle bag . elliot carry he guitar case and the stack of test papers as he come out of the room , alma stare at he . alma I be scared . elliot let 's just see what happen . thin will become clearer , elliot put the stack of test in he bag as he open the fromt door . alma see he guitar elliot see she look . elliot in case | get time to write . alma tum off the light and grab she key from the mail table . the wedding ring still sit on the table . e] hot wait for she to pick it up . he look up and make eye contact with alma , alma World event do not change anything eqiot . 1 be not just be hysterical . she walk out the front doer . elliot stare at the empty apartment and at the wedding ring seat on the table . CUT to : int . music schoot . - day legend '' Boston Music Institute . Boston Massachusetts 10:36 be '' we be in a concert by music student . Parents sit in the back . a asian girl play a plano concerto at the front of of there be open window along the room . the gir ] finish the piano concerto breathtakingly perfect , everyone clap . she bow formally . a young man with bushy hair step wp to the music stand n he window , the street and tree can be see outside . he place he sheet music on the stand . the wind ruffles the pac ile place the violin under he chin . he begin play . about five bar into it , he make a mistake . the teacher look up . he look flustered . the teacher nod for he to continue . he try again . he play for a moment and then make a clear mistake . this be unusual for he . everyone in the room look up . the young man carefully place the bow to the violin . he play the first three note of the piece . he play they again . and again . and again ... like a record skip . the audience be whispering now , the young man stop play . the violin lower from he chin . he stand passively . the crowd become quiet . the first person fall off he chair . then another . a handful of to the floor of the ais ! people fall off they chair in the wind from the STREET blows through the window co ' the young man in front of they , look straight up like he 's look at God . open he mouth . he take the bow from he violin and shove it down he throat like a sword - swallower CUT to : int . 30 '' STREET train station day alma wait in line at a coffee stand in the train station . alma absently rub she ring finger . woman jn line weird be not it , not have it on ? alma look over . the woman in line next to she wave she empty ring finger . there be a slightly less tan area where the woman 's ring use to be . woman in line you will get over it honcy . do not forget what a bastard he be to you . > the woman give she the '' stay strong '' sign alma he 's not like - the woman do not hear she as she move forward to get she coffee . alma wait in line . cur to : elliot move through the crowded train station . he find Julian with he seven- year- old daughter in he arm . Julian wave as he reach he . Julian be stand at the entrance to a McDonald 's inside the train station . a crowd of people stare up at the television mount in the restaurant . t.v. anchor report have come in indicate the toxin be release be not synthetic . it be a organic substance . vhere be voice over the p.a. system . system track three now boar Julian and the group start walk to the track . julian 1 get ticket . they say forty - five city now . Boston just get hit . elliot where 's evette ? ( eliot pat the little girl 's head ) hey jess . julian evette be ata shop across town , she 's stick in traffic . she say she*d take the next train , elliot we will wait . julian she want we to get on this twain with jess . she would feel safer . ( beat ) where 's alma ? elliot get coffee . ' there be a crowd at the stairway to the track . a conductor be speak into a p.a. system conductor track three now beard for all tickete passenger . a man yell to the people in line . man ( yell ) I will give anyone here one thousand dollar for they ucket . ryone just stare at man two thousand dollar ... no response . man ' yhree thousand dollar ... five hand go up in the line . the man give he money to one of the people with they hand raise . Julian turn back to elliot . julian can you believe th alma 1 do not think you be a bastard . elliot turn to alma who have walk up with she coffee , eliot stare at she . he do not know what to say . elliot thanks ? alma nod like something be accomplish . alma hi Julian . give a slight ned . he do not look at she . julian ' I buy the ticket . alma stare at the back of Julian 's head . she tum to elliot . alma . ( whisper ) we snould finish talk about this first before you ask other people 's opinion . elliot look at she quietly . alma shake she head . there be a awkwardness group . ongst the qw i ) alma t on the train . we be I be go the not go to get lo sit together a Julian offer she the ticket . she take it . alma see the little girl in Julian 's arm . alma hey baby . she touch jess 's arm before move forward into the crowd . elliot stare at Julian . elliot hey , do not treat my wife badly like that . Julian 's see filiot 's expression . julian sorry . they watch as alma get on the train . jess whisper something in she dad 's ear . julian Mom will take the next train honey we be all go to mect at grandma 's . train conductor the 11:50 leave Philadelphia ! all aboard track three ! elliot , Julian and jess move with the line and board the train . CUT to : ext . park - day legend '' Rittenhouse Square Park , Philadelphia 11:51 pm '' i ) 03 e block , at the center of the city . we see everyone around amm all the way around . taxis aggressively try to this be a park two block by on the square jeaving in car . traft maneuver the traffic . a old woman walk she dag . she be try to find the key to she brownstone . Police be try to move the gridlock . the wind blows through the park . a police officer address a taxi driver through he open window . police officer chilly be not it today sal ? taxi driver maybe a little . beat . the police officer look like he lose he train of think . police officer chilly be not it today sal ? the taxi driver jook oddly at the officer . the officer 's eye become passive . police officer . chilly . the wind swirl around the congested street the taxi driver 's face become quict . the noise from the whalla of the street lessen . we see everyone around the block become still . noise stop . a man in the park close to US begins walking backward . there be silent movement in all direction around the park . there be a dog barking in the silence . CUT to : t~ sh . the old woman be off screen do ' s$. a set of bloodied keys ly away from what it see . beat . the dog break free from its leash . it run off the sidewalk and past the leg of the police officer stand in the middle of the street . we hear a gun shot . the police officer fall 1o the ground . the officer 's gun fall and spin on the blacktop . the tayi driver pick itup . we don ’t see it but we hear the second gun shot . the taxi driver fall 10 the ground , the gun spin to another place on the blacktop . a woman 's beautiful leg walk over . a woman' hand reach down and pick up the gun ... CUT to : int . train - day the train car be pack with people . flliot js stand next to Julian who be seat with jess on he lap . there be distress voice from one end of the tain car . the car become abuzz witti muttering and whisper . eliot lean over the person stand next to he . elliot be there some news ? passenger , apparently Philadelphia be just hit . elliot tum to Julian who hear what the man say . Julian 's face change . julian evette . Julian start desperately punch in a text message into he phone . CUT to : int . alma 's train car - day alma be seat separately in another car . tie sound of disbelief fill the car . alma lean over to the passenger next to she who be read a email olf he blackberry . bo va alma what happen ? ger blackberry passe something happen in Philadelphia . call . everyone start make alma pull out she cell phone . she turn it on and scroll to the name '' joey '' . press send . she puis the phone to she ear . beat ske look out the window as she wait . alma hey ... I must have miss you call . ( listen ) in on a train . ( listen ) you do ? what would you hear ? she pull out a pen from she purse and write down the word ... '' neurotoxin '' she scribbles a few more note . alma amazing . she listen . she look around to see if anyone be look . alma ( soft ) no , I ea not. ( listen ) ttold you before [ can not . [ still have fecling for he okay . ( sett ) joey , take care of yourself okay . she hang up . people be very emotional . there be a woman cry across the aisle . alma get up and kneel next to she . CUT to : int . train car - day Julian look up from he text message . julian she get onal ing to New Jersey . Julian get the color back in he face and kiss the top of jess 's head . julian she get out . she 's head to the town of Princeton . elliot visibly relax . there be the SOUND of crying in the quieted car . eliot look around at the devastate car . he pull out the test papers from he bag he study they . his hand reach into he bag and find a pen . he mark the word . . ° pread of attack rapid , almost bewilderi he underline the nent phrase ... '' cause confusion amongst the group . '' CUT to : int . alma 's train car - day elliot find alma in she train car . elliot you okay . alma what about evette ? elliot she make it out on a bus . alma nod . alma it 's a neurotox . symptom . iv effect motor-function be hear all the h first then elliot where would you hear this ? alma [ talk to a friend from work elliot nod . he get lose in he thought . alma move to a woman who 's cry CUT to : ext . train - day yhe train move through the New Jersey countryside . allis quict . CUT to : int . train - day ' the screeching of metal against metai . be heard . the train stop suddenly yone jostle to a stop . they look out the window and find they be ata small station . ' the train car be silent . elliot look to alma . elliot be we suppose to stop here ? CUT to : ext . filbert train station — day ' the entire train of bewilder passenger exit onto a narrow platform . elliot walk over to a group of tain conductor huddle together . they notice elliot . tratn conductor train service have be discontinue . this will be the last stop for all passenger . the conductor turn back to they huddle . elliot where be we ? one of the conductor turn back . train conductor #2 filbert . New Jersey . elliot wait . elliot why do we stop ? they ali turn back . train conductor we lose contact . elliot with who ? beat , train conductor everyone . CUT to : Julian and jess stand with alma . alma we be only a hour outside Philadelphia . jess whisper into Julian 's ear . julian ( to jess ) we will be safe . / Julian look to alrna . : julian sorry . she whisper to we when she get scared . alma it 's akay honey . alma touch she back alma she 's shiver . julian she 's never right without ber mom . in une im the crowd . elliot train have stop run . elliot look around at all the bewilder people on the train platform . he look at jess a , clutching ber dad . elliot be jess okay ? Julian nod , '' no . '' CUT to : int . diner - day we be in a diner in the small town of filbert . one side of the diner be line with window . the small establishment be fill like a refugee camp . passenger from the train overflow the tabics and sit in group on the floor . the local be seat al the counter and eye everyone . Julian wait by the counter to order more food . alma wait in the narrow hall with a dezen other with elliot be in a comer pjay the guitar for jess . he sing to she . . flyi Flying through the cold blue . I fly to you tland on you ... he finish the last cord of the song . elliot comment ? be brutal . jess sit with the remnant of she grill cheese sandwich on she lap . she elliot ' land on you 's , I be not sure that 's right . I picture someone squattt somconc . on he turn to he guitar , he mumble a couple thing as he try to figure it out . he overhear a conversation at the table next to he . pas .. ] 's not affect any animal , how can this chemical not be affect animal ? elliot stop play . he stare at the woman . he reach into he bag and pull out he test papers . he rifle through it search for something . ile find it . he mark the word ... '' no other group harme . '' CUT to : back of restaurant we see through a glass into a small office room to the right of the cash register . a large man ina chef 's apron and a woman be listen to a radio on a desk . [ he man stand and walk out of the office into the main area . he be pale . lhe room quiet al he presence . owner small town be be hit now . a murmur of reaction ripple through the room . G + beat . confused expression fall on people 's face elliot take jess '' hand . Julian 's expression change owner they think they know what 's cause this now . it be not any terrorist group . the room be pin drop silent . owner it happen in a bio lab in Alaska two scientist . one be alone when it happen . ( bea you be not go ( beat ) they think it be the plant in the fab , to beleve this . owner that 's what they think be go on now . ( beat ) they think the tree , the grass , the plant ... anything green be poisoning the air . people start reacting . owner and they do not know why . elliot 's face be astonished . owner they say it could stop at any lime . alevel of hysteria fill the room . elliot come with I . ww rp qu elliot take he test papers with he the bathreom . be ago on a article I read . he hold out the test papers . beat . elliot look to alma . '' sn elliot a population of red ant be wipe out by the plant growth in a small area along a river in Egypt . this happen because the ant be overrun the plant . the plant release a toxin that kill the red ant in the area . ( beal ) the event take two of three day effect only the ant population ( beat ) I think it be amazing that nature pick just a specific population . elliot when it be finish aj} but .00606 % of the population be dead . like a plague have wipec they out ( beat ) ow this new airborne neurotoxin that be be release by the tree and plant be affect higher function only . elliot it 's mess with we survival instinct . ( beat ) this toxin be custom make for we and we only . with he cross the diner . he find alma near a group by will elliot that 's why this be ee gin 1 the place with the high p the man behind alma in line speak up man in bathroom line be not you a folksinger ? alma he 's a science teacher . ( to elliot ) why do you carry that guitar around ? eliot look to the group . elliot we have all be talk about how we be go to kill the earth one day . | think the earth just lose patience . f] lot stare at the papers and then look up to alina . elliot I think we just get vote off the island . ' the wife of the owner come out of the office room . everyone look to she . wife of owner ( soft ) there 's no signal on the radio . one of the passenger stand up . pasenger# ? ido not know if it 's terrorist or what , but the town be to be hit next . we can not stay here . we be all go lo die here . one by one people start gather they belonging . CUT to : ext . diner - day local be take some of the passenger out of the town . vehicle be move cut in opposite direction . one car pull up to elliot and alma as they stand outside the diner . a couple be in the car . driver I run a plant nursery up the street . 1 hear vou in the diner . you make sense in there to I . we be pick some thing at home . then head out of town . we have room ... ry owner , about elliot 's age . point to the empty backseat . the nur elliot we have two other . the nursery owner nod . Julian carry jess over to elliot and alma , elliot this guy 's a nursery owner . want to give we a ride . ( beat ) he can fit all of we . Julian look distraught . he put down jess . julian ( low ) I can not go with you . they look at each other . julian ( low ) I can not get evette on email . she be head to Princeton on that bus . there 's a car head back to that town to get family and friend . he point to a car pack with anxious people . the car honk . we a elliot this be a global event Julian . julian ( ow ) she be look for a birthda '' present for fess . a doll house . that 's why she be not at home . Julian become emotional , julian I be go to go get she and bring she back and find you . fiiot get quiet . julian remember the day I meet she . it be outside a coffee shop in New York . elliot stare at he . julian ( low ) do not do this to I . I be do my best not to fall down here . elliot look away . elliot what 's the mathematical probab Princeton have not be hit already ? julian you want I to throw some figure and percentage at you so we will both feel better ? Julian and elliot stare at cach other . El mot nod , beat . julian ( soft ) sixy - for wo percent chance sixy - fwa ... i will be fine . we a i = ) elliot chuckle . Julian smile at he friend . Julian tum to alma . he gesture towards jess . julian could you guy take she ? I will find you guy soon . we be all go to be fine . alma nod . the car of anxious people honk for he . Julian be tear . julian - [ have to go . alma reach for jess . Julian whisper 10 alma . julian ( low ) do not take my daughter 's hand unless vou mean it , sunwe '' cringe emotion alma look at Julian with disbelief . Julian stare at she with a father in bis ey alma take jess 's hand , he lean down to he daughter . julian stay with uncle elliot and aunt alma here , will find mommy and meet up with you . you trust everything they say . I trust they . ' there be another honk . the car start move , julian you hold we picture till we get back . Julian pull a picture out of he wallet . Julian hold he daughter so tight in he arm before get up and run they watch he get into the car . awe x ww elliot , alma , and jess stand silent in front of the diner . CUT to : int . nursery owner' house - day the nursery owner enter with he wife follow by alma . je nursery owner jull take we two minute to pack . the wile ppear inside the main house . they be stand in the attach greenhouse . the nursery owner go inside for a moment and come back with a t le zip on he sweatshirt . he find elliot stare at the row of plant in the greenhouse . jirsery owner you know they have always be capable of this jess * point of view of plant she stare at the plant . they flat leave drop over the table 's ed nursery owner all type of plant have show the capability of release chemical into the air . tobacco plant , cotton plant ... it would appear all plant . they all stare out at the greenhouse of plant . nursery owner they work on a system of triggers usually . a certain amount of a leaf be eat ... a certain amount of plant die . after the first tr i set , more and more try add . it will multiply rapidly . the plant get more and more sensitive , by the end of a event like this , a drop of a caterpillar 's saliva could set it offa field of tree . ( beat ) let 's hope the final trigger in this , isnt everyone just die . alma tum of elliot . alma do you think that could happen ? elliot no. | think they will be survivor . nature be try to bring balance . we will make it . the nursery owner look at alma and smile . nursery owner he 's quite a optimist . alma he have trouble accept thing . ellliot turn to alma . beat . they all look at the plant . nursery own | better finish pack before we find out what the next trigger be . CUT to : ext . road side home . day legend '' holeomb , New Jersey 4:26 pm '' there be a house by the road . a woman come out she front door . she hold a drink in she hand . she yell to a man who ride he actor mow a lawn by the road . the wind tousle the woman' hair . woman ( yell ) nobody 's answer at the schmidt . N keep drive he tractor . ue seem to be drive in woman ( yell ) we should drive over there , make sure everybody 's okay . the SOUND of the tractor hum undaunted . woman ( yell ) why you still on that thing ? ( beat ) can not you think on the toilet like everybody else ? she secs she husband fal ] off the tractor into the grass . woman ( yell ) Bailey ? 's drive over the grass . its flat front - cight foot across , plow over the grass with its whirring blade . the woman start run from the house . the man stand up in the grass . eerily sull . woman ( yell ) Christ , Bailey you scared I . inmanned tractor travel in a wide arc in the field . the care atit . the woman be almost at the field . yhe tractor start arcing back . her husband lie down in the move grass . she stare at he not understanding . [ ic put he arm at he side . woman ( not understanding ) stop fool around ! she reach a smal ] gate to the field . she struggle to open it . the unmanned yractor start curving toward the man lying in the grass . the woman scream . 40 woman ( yell ) step looling ! the practor bear down on he . the woman be horrify as she watch . the man stare passively at the sky . the SOUND of the tract S blade tearing at the grass grow to a deafening height . the man just wait . woman ( confusion ) Bailey ? the woman tum away as the SOUND of the tractor rolling over the man be heard . beat . the SOUND of the tractor return to normal .. the woman shakily look towards the man . she stagger back and start run towards the house scream for help . then she slowly stop run . she begin to walk calmly . it be scary to see the change . she come to a stop at the edge of the house . she have stop scream . beat . she stare at the wall of the house . the wind keep blowing we iiear the SOUND of thud as we see the tree move . thud . thud . thud . we see from far away as the woman hit her head against the wall of the house . thud . her body slide to the ground . the house by the road become very quict as the tree whisper misciievously . CUT to : ext . suburban STREET - afternoon we be looking at the blacktop of a road . 4 ) the soft-topped car pack with passenger roll by a sign that read '' welcome to the town of Princeton . '' legend '' Princeton , New Jersey -+:39 pm * Julian 's face be one of the many that peer out at the eerily quiet suburban neighborhood , CUT to : int . car — afternoon julian she be buy a present for we aughier . ( laugh ) that better be some present . Julian 's face change as he stare out the window . something dark waver against the sky and tree reflected [ in the window CUT to : iburban STREET - afternoon ext . S nger roll by a set of landscaper 's truck park on the street home . the car of outside peapi S. garden '' hanging from the tree be the landscape worke hose tied like noose around there neck . the wind rustle . tthe tree and grass of the neighborhood CUT to : int , car - afternoon a teenage girl in the car scream . julian do not look outside ! Julian start slamm the plastic vent close . everyone follow he lead . the teenage girl be scream . lo julian look at I ! just keep look at I ! she do . she be she julian vip go to give you a mar okay . you tell I the answer . th riddle Julian take off he sweater and stuff up the vent . julian hew much money do think you would have if I say I would pay you a penny on the first day . and then two penny on the second day . and then four penny on the third day . and I do that for a month . how much money would you have at the end of the month ? the other passenger be use they jacket to stuff up the seam of the door . after a frantic moment of activity , the inside of the car become still . everyone hold they clothes up against the side of the car like people stop a leak ina dam of water . they continue drive through the neighborhood . teenage girl ten dollar ? julian no higher . keep look at I . the driver of the car keep drive slowly . sweat drip off the side of he face . teenage girl twenty dollar ? they keep drive . . thirty doll : SOUND of AIR . he eh for the SOUND . beat . Julian 's face ughtens as he hear something look around desperately at the cther frighten face . his eye sear Julian slowly look up . in the soft top of the car be a tear in the black cloth , only one -inch wide . the edc of the tear vibrate as wind flow into the silent car Julian whisper julian ( whisper ) you want I to tell you the answer ? {t 's over ten million dollar . you would have over ten million dollar at the end of the month . 3 a escalate be not Julian stare at the tear . julian ( sofi ) why would she have to buy that dollhouse ? CUT to : ext . suburban STREET -- afternoon we watch from a distance as the soft- top car full of passenger come toa stop on the suburban street . nothing happen for the longest time . the passenger in the car seem to not be move . suddenly the car accelerate to dangerous speed and drive head first into a tree . two body be thrown through the windshield and land lifeless on the ground . we see a bloody julian step out of the car . he walk out into the middle of the street . he stand cerily still . lle quietly sit down in the empty strect like a child we watch from afar as Julian reach for a break piece of glass from the road . we watch from a distance as Julian start cut wrist . 44 ~) int . car - afternoon \ursery owner be look up from dsheild of a car . 1 er' wife , a young wome we be looking through the W fumble with a map . the nursery ow ? the map . nurser owner 's wife we have to go through this liule community of home . it 's a small town call holcomb . phrough the windsiteld up ahead we see the tree line road wind into the distance . far away in the distance we see dot on tif road ery owner 's wife animal up ahead ? be that they continue drive . elliot stop the car . they ail stare out the windshield . nursery owner 1 think [ have binocular in the trunk CUT to : ext . country road - day elliot and the nursery owner be stand next to the car . the nursery owner look through the binocular and then hand they to elliot . tiot hold they up to he eye . we see through a binocualars 's view . the country road wind and turn into a tree line road half a mile away . there be a fruit stand by the side of the road . on the road be body . elliot lower the binocular . alma lean out the window . alma be they people ? elliot nod . alma my God . elbot and the nursery owner get back into the car . the car reverse down the narrow road . CUT to : ext . crossroad -- day owner 's car come to a crossroad where two country road intersect in a field . pproaches they from the opposite direction . the jeep be I ! the nur : it slow . a jeep the jeep pull up to the imtersecti military man step out . Le approach the nursery owner 's car . military man my name be private auster . I be station at West dover military base about ten mile k be hit . T fost communication with they . when | approach the base . | aw body in the barb wire in the fence . I suggest no one take that road . nursery owner there 's a town about cight mile behind we . there be body on the road into town . the military man look around . military man , that still leave we two direction . as he say this , they all hear the SOUND of car from a third direction . they watch as two car come racing up the road teward the intersection . the military man wave they to stop . 46 the two car we wt 10 > the crossroad . the military man approach they . hey roll down a ) they windo ed everyone in the nursery owner 's car turn 4s a vehicle approach from the fourth and final direction . it 's a truck . it 's full of people . nursery owner 's wife vil talk to they . get out of the car and move to the truck as it pull up to the the wursery owner 's wile now crowded crossroad the military man move away from the two car and start head back of the nursery y y g y owner 's car . military man same story about eight - nine mile back . from what they see ... no one 's alive . they watch as the nursery owner 's wife return from the truck of peopl for nursery owner' wife } five mile back . they claim everyone 's dead . mil tt , ary man y. I be go to insist for people 's everyone stay here . CUT to : ext . crossroad - day there be now four more car at the crossroad . everyone be out of they car and try they ce ] ] phone . there be hysteria in the air . the military man try to calm everyone . elliot , alma and jess be stand by they car . alma be hold jess 's hand . the nursery owner approach they . nursery owner there 's a woman who have she daughter on the phone . she 's talk to she in Princeton . 47 elliot and alma look at each other and then rash with jess to a car in the line of park ) cay . a woman be surround by a group of bystander . the woman be cry on the cell phone . woman on cell phone iv 's okay honey . it 's okay . ( to group ) she 's so scared . ( to daughter ) you just stay in that room . do not open that door for nothing . ( listen ) ._ [ t 's okay there 's a tree outside you swindos nothing . ( she listen and then tell the group ) she keep sa outside , elliot and alma exchange a look . woman on cell phone ( to daughter ) a you room baby . fen ) .. what cant understand what au be say ? ( listen ) .. what ? ( listen ) .- T cant understand what you be say . ( listen ) ... what baby ? ( to group ) she 's not make any sense . ( listen ) .. baby I can not understand what you be say .. stacy ? ( to group ) T can not hear anything . ) woman on cell phone ( yell into the phone ) . stacy ! ( beat ) stacy Ann you answer I right now ! eliot walk away from the group as the woman continue to yell for she daughter . elliot walk to a lone spot on the road and sit down . CUT to : elliot seat on the groun stare at the ground . jess ean over and whisper something in ellict elliot yes , pm scared . jess whisper in flhot 's car . elliot Tam worried about you parent , quickly . elliot 's voice be shaky as he speak she whisper a elliot no , | do not know when they be come back for you . the y both sit silently for a moment . jess cup she hand to he ear and with elliot stare at she . he start cry . beat . he look at she . elliot yeah , | think they be together . jess start cry . she lie down in elliot 's lap . eliot hunch over she and cry with she . alma be ery as she waich they cling together on the road . lve to : 49 *§ car -- afternoon int . nursery owner he js seat in the back seat of the car . jess be lie on she lap . alma open she 4 alma glance at she watch . alma it 's only be lifleen minute . it feel like four hour the nursery owner and he wife be seat in the front seat . alma look through the window . she see elliot stand with the military man by he alma sce the nursery owner watch she in the rearview mirror . jeep . alma turn ba N ry owner you guy marmied ? we could not figure it out . alma we be kind of separate : nursery owner 's wife . kind of ? beat. alma 1 still love he . ( beat ) 1 ] do not want he to know . alma look down and stroke jess 's hair . alma ( soft ) tue at he . he think | CUT to : ext . military man 's jeep — afternoon ' there be a map roll out on the hood of the military man 's jeep . elliot stare at it . there be many thing circle on the map . ww military man everybody 's on edge . the lady with daughter be on the phone ... they ching she . should [ let you concenwate ? elliot 's eye trace over the map . he write down on the side of the map ... '' trigg under it he write ... '' 1 . Major city . '' elliot please keep talk . military man one of have this two boy toenag ' phey do not know anythi they probably have not be out of they hometown . elliot nod as he study the map . ie write down ... '' 2 . highways . '' elliot L hike teenager . they be open to idea . we see close ups of the circle on the map . ejliot 's hand write down ... '' 3 . towns . '' then he write the number . 4 . " military man then there 's this lady with a bag . she have all she husband 's sin it . his watch . his shirt . she pack she dead husband 's thing and not she own . elliot stare at the circle on the map . elliot - one second , elliot stare at the number '' 4 ° and the empty space next to it . wo ext . crossroad '' afternoon the people from the car have gather in of the crossroad . alma watch in the crowd . it 's the rai multiply surgical . elute more he stare at the nursery owner . ' the nursery owner nod . man in the crowd so we need 10 leave the road ? ellio ? yes . {beat ) we should go to the least develoy place we can ... the place where it 's most green . the group be silent . woman with bag ( softy ) you will not make it . elliot lock at the woman witit the bag . elliot not one car have come down this road from any direction for the last hajt and hour . not one . why do you think that be ? woman with bag because we be all mean ( of die today . elliot I do not think 5 everyone be quiet . a couple of the woman hold each other . wa m man in crowd pm a realtor . I work in thi go west we will hit a cow arundell . | road . hardly be that what we a e map ... dirt 5 's out there . '' look for ? elliot nod . he look to the group . military man ( to elliot ) no with this plan . we will go <é whoever 's second group . ext . field ~ af 's legend '' field , New Jersey 3:37 pm '' elliot , alma , jess and about cight other people walk through a enormous wild grass field . they be carry bag . elliot carry he guitar case . elliot why be this all we have in we group ? alma people have to unpack they car . the intimidating field of wild grass move . litle burst of movement where the wind imbue it with life . jess and alma see it . alma hold jess 's hand . CUT to : ext . crossroad afternoon the woman with the white pl its alone amongst the car al the she be the ont c bag of thir _ she jook up as the SOUND of wind stir the grass and weed growing by the side of the road . ua oo ( es pfield - afternoon lhe military man lead the second group of people through a thick field af v grass . the nursery owner look nervously out at the acre and acre of grass . jjte wind begins to gust across the field . the nursery owner whisper to the person next to he . you know [ have this certain plant in my nursery and when I talk to they t happen . people say that because | be breathe on they . I do not think that . I think they could actually hear I . like there be a understanding there or something . the people up ahead begin yell . the nurse . owner who be in the middle of the pack look to the people up ahead in the group . T be some commotion . nursery owner sometimes | think they be listen . the military man up ahead turn . he say something to he throug military man yes sir sergeant ! yes sit ! nursery owner private auster ? military man yes sir sergeant ! yes sir ! ' the first scream be heard up ahead . the military man start walk backwards towards he . and become very placid . he reach M. ' the nursery owner watch as the military man turn down and unbuckle the holster holding jis fire beat . the nursery owner 's face go white . he look around at the swirl field all around they ile take he wife 's hand who stand with he . nursery owner I know it be not my breathe . CUT to : ext . crossroad '' afternoon ' the woman with the bag lie on the road . her thing splay out on the blacktop next vw she . the white plastic bag be over her head , tifd with a knot tight around her neck . she lie dead in the road . cur ro : ext . field afternoon a gunshot ricochet in the distance , elliot , alma and the group tum and look back stare . beat . elliot Jesus . another single gunshot echoes at the far end of the field woman in group what be that ? flliot - they set itvoff . alma how ? another gun shot . a woman in they group scream . wr on elliot ( lose ) chey set it off . realtor why do not we ? another G alma elliot ! eihot 's expression change . another gunshot be heard . woman with hand over ear they be die ! realtor there be no difference between they group and ours . another gunshot sound in the distance . alma cover she mouth . tear well up in she eye . elliot no , there be . they have more people than we : alma what do we do ? ( beat ) we have to help they . elliot a certain critical amount of people together may be a new trigger . woman witil hand over ear there be child in that group . elliot how do they know ? ~ eliot 's group start head back towards the gunshot . eliot start walk after they . elliot what be you do ? the group stop at he emotional tone . elliot they be already dead . ( beat ) this part of the field may not have 's release the be set off chemical into the air , ( beat ) stay ahead of the wind . the small group turn . thie field of wild grass be moving as wind blows across the field . it move toward they like a tidal . wave . elliot ( to himself ) ... we can not all dic . elliot turn elliot please break up into group ! the SOUND of the wind moving across the field grow l.ou everyone start rmmn . CUT to : ext . field - afternoon a family of four run off towards the rig > of the field . they help the child . we watch they run into the tall grass until they disappear . CUT to : ext . field — afternoon two couple run together down the center of the field . after a moment they too disappear . art wave of rustling grass as the wind blows eld chasing down the two couple . beat . we over the ext . field -- afternoon elliot , alma , jess and two young man be run towards the leave of the field . the wiiispery hissing SOUND of the wind bending the wildgrass grow biehind they . ellict look back as he run . elliot it 's come ! alma and jess keep run . alma look down at jess 's frighten face . alma do not you let go of my hand ! the group keep run through the field . the wind rush toward they . the SOUND and movement of the fifld become intense . it 's right bemind they ... twenty feet ... ten ... [ ( F catch they . the fift.d of wild grass erupt in movement all around they yvhey be caught in midrun . they come to a stop as a strong wind whip there clothes and hair . and then the gust of wind die away . the grass around they gradually become still . beat . the group stand wait . we hear there heavy breathing . they look at each other . beat . elliot nothing happen . ( beat ) a number of people together be another trigger . jess be cry . alma jeans down to she . alma sweetie . '' jliot look around the enormous silent field . elliot anyone else . i do not sce alma thope the rest make it . elliot look around the wild grass field . and cry as alma hold she tight in she arm . jess be shiv alma it 's okay honey . we be still here . CUT to : ext . forest - evening elliot , alina , and jess sit in a clear , darkness have fall all around they , eljiot look at the two young man with they . elliot how old be you guy ? young man=1 tightcen . young man #2 seventeen . alma what be you name ? young man= # 1 Jared . young man # 2 he look at they . elliot ... and then there be five . beat . young man # 1 that 's acliché . where 's that from ? elliot look at the young man . agatha Christie young man#i something make you think about the bock ? tlliot nod , beat . young ma 's what ? do someene die in the book ? beat . elliot it 's not important . elliot look around at the darken tree . elliot let 's hope we all wake up in the plormming CUT to : ext . forest - night alma ( wh you awake ? 60 elliot nod in the darkness , alma ( soft ) why do you think we fight all the time ? alma ( solt ) {do not mean to hut you . elliot ( soft ) I do not mean to either , jess stir . elliot ( soft ) we will talk later . she stare at he . they close they cye . CUT to : ext . forest - morning Sun rise over a forest of green tree . elliot stand . he look around carefully . alma be help jess with she coat . behind he we see josh get up and walk over to he . the young man stand next to elliot fora moment . josh scriously , do someone die in the book ? elliot T can not remember . 61 elliot turn to alma . elliot we should start walk CUT to : ext . path through B hes —- morning the group of five move single file through a narrow path in the bush . alma be al the front ofthe line . alma [ see something up ahead , ext . development -- morning the five of they emerge from the bush and walk across a newly make dirt road . they oo stop at a enormous sign . '' future site of clear hil ) Community you deserve this 0 deluxe luxury home 10,060 and up '' there be a watercolor painting of a beautiful home on the sign . the five stand stare at the sign . elliot let 's keep go . alma eed a bathroom . they must have a model home around here . CUT to : ext . clear hill community SI - morning o~ silent construction site . land have be clear in all direction . the five walk throug building be stand . foundation have be pour all the wooden frame along the dirt road . there oint to empty field with the word '' Community recreation Center '' and * S '' Si J ! '' on they . there be a stgn that read . '' model Home . '' elliot look around . elliot ( of the young man we will meet you back CUT to : morning int . model ltom a chime sound as eliot . alma and jess enter the model home . elliot hello ? beat . elliot forget to lock the doer . they probably leave in a hurry . they lock around the foyer . everything be ncutral color . from where they be stand they can see the cream color family room and the cream color kitchen . elliot put down he guitar case . alma trea not believe vou're still carry that ? elliot it 's important . alma shake she head . 63 elliot remember when we go house hunt ? the house with the blood red dining room . alma nod . elliot remember that realtor ? we make fun of she makeup behind she alma smile . alma then we fight outside . elliot you run av alma I go to a diner . elliot tt take I a hour to find you . alma leok at eliot . we be both elliot we share a bagel . alma 's expression be sad . she nod . alma we will find a bathroom . alma ttkes jess by the hand . they walk through the cream foyer and walk up the stair . CUT to : ext . development construction site . morning ew house lot . there be crane and et high at various part of the lot . Jared and josh stand before a construction site of 4 tractor in the dirt . there be pile of din twenty 64 = , Jared . the taller of the two , climb onto one of the tractor with a plow . he look into the driver 's cabin . jare ~ they leave the ys ! CUT to : int . model home — morning elliot be stare at a foam model of the future clear Hill community that sit by a wall in the family room . the SOUND of moving leave make he look over he shoulder . there be a large pot plant in the corner of the family room . its huge leave touch g. the AIR -conditionter be blowing on it its le rattle every few minute stretch and ave elliot stare at it quietly . ft rattle . elliot start walk towards it . ellio ! hello . the plant rattle . elliot my name be eliot Moore . the plant become still . elliot I be just go to talk ina very positive manner elliot keep walk . liot give off good vibe . somehow you will sense that , u he stop in front of the large plant . elliot ( soft ) we be just here to use the bathroom , and then we be just go to keep on do you hear I ? elliot stare at ihe plant . the AIR - conditioner blows , the plant rattle . elliot reach out and touch the leave . beat . elliot plastic . ( beat ) tm talk to a plastic plant . ( beat ) I be stil ] do it . CUT to : ext . construction site -- morning Jared be do ihe tactor . he push earth forward into a pile . he put it in reverse . go backwards , get stick on something in the dirt . tries to go forward . dirt spray around he , but he do not move . Jared 's he turn the hboard of the tractor . there be photo tay a tattooe man wrap he arm around three squirming boy . all four have the same smile . in another picture a chubby woman be patting the tattooe man 's beer belly while he hug she . Jared stare at the photo with pensive eye . ie get out of the cab of the tractor . he land in the dirt by the tractor . he look down . he stumby back horvify . a tattooed arm stick out from the dirt under the tractor tire . CUT to : int . model home office '' morning eliot look into the de which be be use as the realtor 's office 66 he 's about to walk out when he see the television in the corner . a tivo message be on the blank sereen . '' program ended . do you wish to save recording ? '' elliot find the remote contral on the desk . ie search the control and press the rewind button . a image of a female anchor statically rewind . he press play . the image become clear . the attractive anchor a look off screen and then back to tre come female anchor the event at 8:33 thi it be four - thirty six pm now . appear ( of be no one alive outside the studio . we have lose communication to the other floor in the building . there 's just a handful of we here in the studio , the last information we receive be that the chemical toxin be be release in all srea of population ~ own , cily she look down at her paper . alma and jess walk into the room and watch behind eliot . the anchor woman i.ook up . female anchor official have advise to stay inside and seal up ... ' vte anchor woman become emotionat .. she read her note . female anchor phere be some who have speculate , that the event that be unfold be part of the natural course of nature . the reign of a species come to a end . the end ofa cycle ... 67 a rr she start crying . prn fany of you be he city please check in on ive in 1715 gramercy sonly nine , he 's with hi lease make sure he 's okay . ' vell he not to be scared - make sure he have he panda , make sure - something draw her attention off screen . female anchor ( to someone olf screen ) what be it ? Harry what 's go on ? '' the screen goe bi . ank elliot tum to alma . they look at each other . CUT to : ext . construction site - morning Jared and josh be stare . they be freeze in horror . they be stare at four men . the four workmen be seated against a pile of dirt . they have dirt in there hand , dirt on there shirt , and dirt pouring out of there OPEN mouth . there lifeless eye stare out passively . CUT to : ext . development - morning elliot , jess and alma arrive at the middle of the dev elopment . the voung man run over when they see they . young man # 1 d over there . 68 elliot we need to get out of here . we should have walk around jess 's point of view '' are across the re to be plant > lap sack . they stare back at her from behind the chain - link pence , CUT to : ext . tree ~- day a cluster of green tree bend and lean in the wind . they leave and branch agitate . CUT to : ext . dirt path - day alrna and jess be ahead of everyone . elliot walk behind they about ten foot . the young man walk with he . jare be she you wife ? the young man gesture up ahead . elhot nod . jare ds she easy ? elliot look at the young man . jare you know , do she make a lot of fuss . want to talk all the time and stuff . elliot she 's not bad . jare she into yeu ? 69 me quiet . elliot I do not know jare you into she ? he nod . jare | get this girl . I be pretty sure about she too . ing to find she when this be all do elliot nod . josh walk on the other side of fliiot . josh you play ? elliot 1 m not that good yet . josh we be in a band . eliot ! alma have stop ahead of they . she point in the distance to a cluster of home ona farm , there be crop field all around the property . tractor and machinery sit in the field . eliot and the young man catch up to alma and jess . alma what do you think ? we have be walk for a while . we could use some food and direction . elliot jook around . he do not move . elliot it 's awfully quiet . = ss CUT to : ext . farmhouse intrance - day ahna look in the window with jess . Jared try the doar a l:lliot come around the side . elliot look like one of the wuck be go . jare Mr. Moore , J think | can open this door . they look over to see the shape of Jared jean over inspect the doar . alma and elliot look at each other . alma it 's a emergency . beat . elliot think it over . elliot turn to Jared . he nod . Jared straighten up and kick in the door . [ T open with a crack . CUT to : jess be on the kitchen counter cate a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . she have jam all over she cheek . alma we should leave some money for the food . elliot nod as he stare at a family picture on the counter . it be of a family of five . alma they have a kid jess 's age . elliot stare at the photo . beat . 71 , be elliot Jared and josh go reaming ? alma nod . rlliot i'm go to look for a map . CUT to : int . file room -- day eliot enter a file room just off a mucroom . [ tis fill with file cabinet . a desk sit pile with receipt . eliat find a cluster of map in the comer of the desk . he flip through they . he pull one and open it . sound out . he hea he ect distract as he 's reac he look out the window and see alma follow jess as she move to a swing in the backyard . ft hang from a tree . jess sit on the swing . elliot go back to the map . read it for a few moment . this time another noise distract he , it be the hum of a machine far in the distance . there be arattling SOUND like something caught in a dryer . ithot lower the newspaper . he look out the window that overlook the back where alma and jess be . tie noise be come from the back of the house . CUT to : ext . gravel drive behind farmhouse —- day legend '' dunham County 1:12 pm '' ' the SOUND be come from a barn behind the house . elliot head towards it the swing hang from a huge oak tree that sit in the center of the gravel drive behind the house . it hover over all they . alma be watch jess . elliot walk by they . alma and eljiot make eye can ~ oo ms rn alma utold she just for a minute . | could not say no . elliot neds . tti SOUND from ihe barn grow louder as he get closer . ext . swing - day alma see elliot walk past they . alma turn she attention back to jess on the swing . she look up nervously to where the swing be attach to ihe limb with two big silver hook screw . the limb creak as the swing move . alma not so hig jess lessen she swing . alma look up at the ancient tree nervously , its enormous knotted limb stretch out above she . alma we should go inside soon honey . ext . barn - day elliot approach the barn door . the SOUND be loud now . something rattle incessantly . elliot hello ! int . barn -- day elliot open the barn door . atuft of a woman' hatr swirl around the sawdust cover floor and stop at he feet , rn. itis a metallic SOUND . ' D , sharp and violent . phe SOUND echoes through the BA angry , vibrate . the rattling sc nsive step to the wooden worktable at the center of the barn . 's up th cord on the ground that travel out the door to apart the cord that lead to the table . ethot make a few appre} he 's down and p the main house . he pull the SOUND slow we see the razor sharp table saw spin to a stop . we see the circular blade be stained dark . there js a damaged ring at tre base of the blade that ratttles to a stop . there be body on ever side of the table . flot stare at they . a noise draw he attention to the back of the barn . [ le wait . he hear jt again . CUT to : back of bam he look around a wall separate a storage area . his eye go big at what he see . ed up in the backroom . this be the girl we see in the photo in the | jess 's age . her eye move to emiot . elliot stare at she . beat . a girl be ti kitchen : the gir elliot someone save you ... elliot help she up . he unty she , she stand still . elliot look about . elliot what 's you name ? she do not answer . elliot just give I one second okay ? then we will get out of here elliot leave the back room . CUT to : Front of barn elliot look around and pull a tarp olf same mar ery . he use it to cover up the body I T 3 t by the table . CUT to : back of barn elliot jook around . the girl be go . elliot ley ? elliot search the darken back of the barn . he open a few door . he can not find she . elliot hey where be vou ? a metal . door creak . elliot see it open . he move to it , he go inside the room . there be machinery in this room . there be a huge metal vat of water in the corner of the room . the body of the young girl be bent over the tub . hier torso be under the water . elliot hey ! ehiot move io she and yank she out of the water . Water pour out of she mouth . fle lay she on the ground and desperately try to revive she . elliot ( desperate ) some of we be go to make it ... he press she chest and breathes into she mouth . press she chest . breathes into she mouth . press she chest . beat . he stare at she . her cye stare lifeless at the ceiling , elliot crawl back into the corner of the room . ie puis he hand to he temple like he 's elliot ( to she ) theyre try to bring balan CUT to : ext . gravel drive behtind farmhouse - day eliot run out of the barn . he slow as he pass the huge oak tree in the back of the house where alma and jess be . elliot come awa jess geis off the swing . alma take she band as they move towards eliot . she see he face . alma what 's wrong ? elliot it happen here too . the family 's dead . it 's nat safe here . alma look back at the huge tree . the swing be still move . the limb be creaking . they move away from it frighten as they run toward the main house . we watch from high up in the tree as the figure disappear into the house . jiess * point of view jess turn back as she go into the house . she see the large oak stare back at she . CUT to : int . dine room — day elbot and alma and jess rush into the guiet dinning room 76 Jared where be vou ? josh ? ellict look around . alma they be outside . elliot see alma lookir window you large containe out the window to the side of the house . through the ee the ? young be outside carrying S. they be pouring something on the crop . CUT to : ext . side of house —- day eliot . alma and jess run cut to Jared and josh who be by the crop josh we find tank of diesel around the side . Jared run back from the crop . jare we be gonna burn the crop down . then we xte gonna burn everything grow near the house . elliot what - josh Ill be like firework . jare ( to elliot ) you want to light it ? elliot we need to leave . it 's not sale here . ' the family 's dead in the bam . the young man hold the fuel in they hand 77 ded . could ~ here be be electricity or machinery . I do not know , elliot pull out he map . elliot et to this county call this . it 's ave to 2 arundel ) , it 's more rural t on this map . jare we will be safe if we burn everythi tot sk , man . that 's hig ! yen . elliot stare at the young jare we have set fire to thing before . two building . josh co it 's easy beat , F : jliot stare at the teenager . elliot you set fire to thing they nod . he see the cagerness in they eye elliot look to alma and jess . elliot my guess , if you light this field . it will defend itself . they be watch we . alma boy listen to he . I wust he hen tum back to the boy . elliot lock at alma surprised and t 78 jare beat . josh look unsure . he look to eliot . elliot look confuse . josh my mom 's dead . ( he laugh ) do you know how many oreos she could eat in one sitti forty -five . that 's how much come in one packet . josh she tell people she 's four hundred pound , but it be more . she would not go outside . | have to buy she everything . when everyone be leave they house yesterday , | try to get she to leave , bui she would not come . she do not want to leave the ouse because she be embarrassed . | begge she , but she would not come . elliot ( desperate ) ' you can not torch the world josh . josh ( tear in he eve ) why would not she come ? who care what other people think ? elliot ( emotional ) what can | say to convince you not to do this ? 79 yone stand be cur to : ext . top of hill - day elliot , a alma and jess be run up a hill . they run to the top and look back at the group of house on the farmland . they see down below . there [ 8 a wind blowing the crop d Jared wave to they . elliot , jess , end alma wave back . the three turn and start ext . dirt path — afternoon elliot , alma and jess be run on a dirt path . jess start slow down . eliot pick she up and keep run . jhe wind rattle the tree behind they . clt to : ext . country side ~- afternoon eliot , alma and jess nin into the countryside . they never stop . they never look back . CUT to : ext . farmhouse — afternoon the crop be smolder . a small part of the field have be bumt . ' there be two burnt bodic lie im the driveway . can of diesel lie next to they . the crop watch as smoke rise from the charree body of the rwo teenager . dissolve to : ext . holcomb liome -- late afternoon the farm where the couple die be silent . the man 's tractor be idle in the distance . a still figure lie in the grass . the field be quietly blow in a evening breeze . 80 CUT to : ex. filbert MAIN STREET -- late afternoon the town ave sway . there be tiny we be in the small town with the diner . the tree in spot in the street in the distance . they be be CUT to : ext . turnpike —- late afternoon we be on the highway . tree tower over the sti}l car . no movement . CUT to : ext . philadelphia - late afternoon we see the tree in the quiet CITY strert . we see the ivy growing on the wall of the building . he grass and weed creeping between the sidewalk , aching through the man-made cement . CUT to : ext . overgrown road — early evening there be a wooden post by the side of the road . on the post be a fade sign that say '' arundel ! County '' CUT to : ext . house — early evening elliot , alma and jess stand about forty foot from a home in a field , ejliot lock around then turn to alma . alma look at he . alma no power line . elliot no driveway either . 81 CUT to : ext . porcie - early evening elliot and alma step onto the porch . jess follow they . they lock in the window . ' there be a bell hang over the railing of the poreh , efiot go over and ring ( T . old woman ( o.s . ) that 's for clement . he 's a retriever . they look over and see a old woman scate on the porch . everyone just stare at each other for a second . old woman you must be way lose . there be not nothing around here for mile . beat . old woman you want lemonade ? all three nad . too tired to speak . she slowly get up . a large cross dangle from her neck . old woman Nice to see people sull look the same . she walk by they . old woman smell a little more than I remember though . she wipe the air as she enter she house . old woman ( o.. ) you can have you drink with supper . the three just stand on the porch . old woman ( o.s . ) unless you get something better to do ? 20 be ) at each other . elliot , alma a CUT to : no . kitchen - E 1 by a oil lamp on the table . hoto of a twenty - ree uniform . elliot stare at the lone photograph in the house . it be a black and white p she be stand with aman in a ai two year old version of the woman . the man be handsome . the old woman fold she napkin . old woman 0 ful meal . you ail presence do that to the food . I be not that good a cook . elliot smile . so do alma . the old woman stare at jess . alma this be a beautiful place . old woman tomorrow I will show she the icehouse . they use to hide people back there from slave chaser . it have a speak tube run under the ground to the main house . you can } each other like you be in the same room . jess nod with interest , the old woman lean back and hold she cross as she look at they . old woman so what 's with you two ? chase who ? ho ? alma and elliot look at each other . alma Im sorry old woman > pec ai n’tnoe ume where slarmng @ love in both they eve - equal . that be not my experience . Truth be , always someone be chase someone . sometimes it flip over time , but then the other person start chase the other person , that 's the way we 's build , ( beat ) so who 's chase ? beat . elliot and alma look at each other , elliot turn to the old woman . he raise he hand like a kid . the old woman start laugh . old woman J know that ... T know that . alma 's sometimes . tcl ejlot give she a raise eyebrow ic the old woman wipe she eye . she calm . old woman and what 's with the litle one ? a lot of sadness in thase eye . jess move towards alma . old woman lose someone ? ( beat ) cruel world be not it ? best get use to it . the kitchen become quiet . the old woman rock a little in she thought . elliot do you have a radio Mrs. Jones ? ; old woman ao . ( beat ) L get enough to till my time right here . mend my own thing . T grow my own touch . they garden do not should . never have . elliot how do you stay in contact with other ? how do you know what 's happen in the world ? old woman td there be silence in the kitchen alma Mrs. Jones something 's 's happen in the outside world . the old woman steadic she gaze on alma . otd woman atever it be vou think be so important you need to tell I , do not . alma hesitates . old woman you just keep it to you alma wither under the old woman 's stare . old woman the world do not care about I . I do not care about it . alma nod . the old woman get up from the table . old woman Guest rouim 's up on the leave , mind the step her shuffling the test papers . he lock through they and ard alma . alma read the underline word ... 3 day event ... some survivor . '' int . bedroom — nigh ! ' the extra bedroom have not be use ina long ume . alma cover jess with a blanket from the lone chair in the roam . aima sleep now . elliot stand near the bed . elliot we make it . elliot wait and then see jess close she eye . the three figure fall into silence in the upstairs bedroom . CUT to : ext . old woman be home — night the tree sway and watch the house CUT to : int . bedroom ~- morning elliot wake up startle . he sit up . he look around the empty guest bedroom . CUT to : int . stair — morning he come down the stair . he move through the empty hail to the empty kitchen . 86 legend rundell County , Pennsylvania 9:14 be '' ue hear the sound of alma and jess talking from another room in the house ' there be breakfast on the table . he sit down and start eatiy CUT to : int . dine room - morning elliot move through the house . cuy to : int . darkened room — morning he knock on a close door . elliot Mrs , Jones ? he open the door . he move into a room where the window cover with red cleth . ' there be religious icon all over the room . Three crucifix of Jesus hang on the wail by the door . the three face distort by pain . there be a kneeler and a large open bible on a stand . elliot look down at the bible . there be line and phrase underline . he lean closer and read the word ... '' thou shalt make they zer : the Lord shall swallow they up in he wrath , and the fire shall devour they . '' sa fiery '' elliot straighten up . he see a chalkboard on the wall . on the board be write ina woman 's handwrite yn he adversary , and he the Lord will take veng reserveth wrath for he enemi 87 old woman' voice he window . he can not see he hear the and try to look ou elliot look around the rooin dis outside . he pull the red cloth asi anything CUT to : int . front door - morning ear alma ani ) jess somewhere in the elliot walk to the frant door . we house . jelliot look through the sereen door . ile 's to the plant . [ lliot smile . yell ) be that vour garden Mrs. Jones ? ( he old woman stop talking . she look around . ext . front yard — morning rden in the distance . the old elliot step onto the porch and yell across the yard to the '' woman see he . elliot ( yell ) some of it look pretty good . she say something in the direction of she plant . he step off the porch . he start walk towards she . elliot ( yell ) I be sorry . ] can not understand what you be - the old woman start to walk backward . beat . elliot stop walk . he see the wind blow the tree around ber 88 a elliot ( yell ) Mrs. Jones - ' the old woman look at he passively from far away . she take the chain off she neck elliot ( yell ) Mrs. Jones ! the old woman stab herself with the cross , vioent thrust into her chest . effiot stumble back and staris run towards the house . CUT to : point of view from the tree at elliot running into tiik house CUT to : int . front door - morning elliot burst through the front door . he gof to close the front door . we see the old woman walking toward the house stabbing herself in the chest . elliot slam the front door shut . elliot alma ! shut the window 's and door ! elliot tear a tablecjoth off the hall table . he stull the cloth into the bottom of the front door . elliot alma ! CUT to : int . kitchen -- morning alma and jess be talking , elliot run into the kitchen . 89 elliot alma ! elliot see a window open over the sink . he close it . stuff rag into the scain . he lock around . elliot jess ? he tear alma and jess laughing . it come from a door . he open it . CUT to : int . washroom - morning elbot go into a small empty stone washroom . alma and jess 's voice be echoing over the stone . elliot follows there voice to a pipe . [ igh up on the same wall be a small window , elliot look out he see a stall building fer away in the distance across a field . he see the shape of alma and jess inside ii distant window . int , icehouse - morning elliot ( voice through pipe ) alma ! alma and less look up from the frog that hop amongst the pebble on the damp floor of the icchouse . Alia look out the window and then move to the open of the pipe near the floar . alma < jood mome eliot . someone want to say something to you . alma smile . 90 jess hev Mr. Moore . elliot ( voiee through pipe ) .. jess ? alma you be right here . it sound ii elltot ( voice through pipe ) - Close the window and door alma . alma '' why ? beat . elliot ( voice through pipe ) Mrs. Jones just die . alma look to jess who be now stand . her face change . jess cover she ear . elliot ( voice through pipe ) Close the window ! alma move to the open window . she start turn the handle to close it . alma Close the door jess ! jess move to the door . jiess 's point of view the field of grass start to undulate . she quickly shut the door . alma finish close the window . she immediately start peel off she jacket . she kneel down to the floor of the icehouse and put the jacket into one of the puddle . alma stuff the jacket into the edge of the window . alma move to jess who stand in the corner . 91 ext . field morning point of view of the swaying grass watching elliot look through the window from tile washroom . CUT to int . washroom . morning elliot ts everything close ? alma ( voice through pipe ) yes , elliot move from he window to the floor near the pipe . elliot I be sorry alma . alma ( veice through pipe ) what 's go on elliot ? elliot i do not know . alma ( voice through pipe ) she set if off alone ? elliot yes. alma ( voice through pipe ) how ? beat . elliot I do not know ... I really do not know , alma ( veice through pipe ) if arent we ? elliot we can not go ou CUT to : ext . field —- morning point of view of the grass watch the main house . CUT to : point of view of the grass watch the icehouse . CUT to : int . icehouse —- morning there be a long silence . alma stare al the pipe in the icehouse . alma T guess this be we chance to talk elliot ( voice through pipe ) there be a long silence . alma I be sorry [ get mad at you aij the time . elliot ( voice through pipe ) what be it about I tha mad , alma I be not like you elliot . I be scared to get int. l be scared for you to get hurt . the way you be make I feel hke you be take risk . be silly . | do not want to be vulnerable elliot . 1 guess | do not want to be disappointed . alma hold jess close she stare at the pipe . elliot ( voice through pipe ) iknow you think I be like a child ww sometimes . maybe other people do to . I do not mind that . ( beat ) you know when my mom die , my dad get so hurt . he stop feeli just close up . do not let I or anyone else in for the rest of he life . if you do not make yourself vulnerable , you lose the capacity to accept jove . that 's the gig . they come together . alma I wish you be here . elliot ( voice through pipe ) I wish [ be there too . es quietly at the pipe . alma . c this remind I of that time we be '' down the shore on the boardwalk and ned we have that fight in the arcade . ellio t( voice through pipe ) you lock yourself in the bathroom . aj . ma we have to talk through the door . alma smile at the memory . alma you slip a mood ring you win from one of the game under the door . you say what color be I right ihen . elliot ( voice through pipe ) you say purple alma then vou say , ' that mean you be in love . 's love . 94 ellio ? ( voice through pipe ) ht get you to open the doar . alma nod . there be tear in she eye . she laugh . alma hen we check the chart and it turn out purple mean [ be horny . alma la elliot laugh . they get quiet again . elliot ( voice through pipe ) mine always tume blue . 1a peaceful right elliot ( voice through pipe ) right . alma I forget what color effect be love ? elliot ( voice through pipe ) wy I forget too . alma I love that mood ring . I wonder if they work ? elliot ( voice through pipe ) it 's just plastic . to tell people 's feeling you would have to have a way to - CUT to : int . washroom ~ morning beat . elliois expression become still . elliot alma . CUT to : 1 , . —- morning alma be seat near the pipe in the icel alma what ? elliot ( voice through pipe ) '' still weed we out . this be a 9 ( beat ) I find this room off the dining room . Mrs. Jones be a religious fanatic . alma so ? elllot ( voice through pipe ) so assume Mrs. Jones be hurt sometime in she life . survive it all . but withdraw from the world . she turn lo religion . she start praying on the world who have do she wrong . prays for they downfall . she 's a jlady . so she walk outside and ecause of what be '' she . because of she energy . they see it be not positive . they see it be a destructive energy . beat . alma uu just make all that up , it 's more y everyone will set it off now ? CUT to : int . washroom ~- morning e}jiot turn to the pipe . 96 why she to grow . it 's ( beat ) weed out we energy . become a mood ring . when they see a _ itset they off . elliot " as far enougt away . I do not iggere . int , icehouse — morning alma how could anyone possibly know what color they be ? or what color they would be when they be with someone ? int . washroom ~ morning elliot be lose in he thought . int . icehouse - morning alma we just have to wait here . pray it CUT to : CUT to CUT to : 97 int . washroom — morning '' t:lliot look up at the window . elliot let 's go owiside alma . alma ( voice through pipe 's ( soft ) what ? why ? elliot we will not set it off alma . alma ( voice through pipe ) this could be arbitrary baby . elliot it 's not . ( beat ) vhe eave people have it right . they think of nature as a ently ... asa kind of presence . a alma ( voice through pipe ) you know you be talk like one of that dairy Queen worker irom the Midwest who claim they have be abduct by alien ? elliot L love dairy Queen . int . icehol morning alma laugh . ellio f( voice through pipe ) do you trust I ? alma yes. _! 98 elliot ( voice through pipe ) let 's go outside . if we set it off now , we will set it off later . they be wait for we . elliot wo ! lei 's do we wedding day walk down the aisle to I . '' through pipe ) ain alma . alma be ery . alma ike Ali and frazier when we ipe ) flliot ( voice through pir we be mean to be together . she can hear elliot breathing . alma okay baby . elliot ( voice through pipe ) Ill be wait for you . she hear movement . alma elliot ? alma look at the pipe . she hear some noise . footstep . alma elliot ? abna rise to she foot . she look through the close window with she jacket stuff around the edge . she watch the main house . beat . she see elliot open a door and step outside . he be a dot across the field CUT to : 99 ext . backyard of MAIN house - morning elliot step slowly into the high grass . the wind start blowing . the leave of the tree benid and rattle , the field of grass sways . elliot close he eve . CUT to : int . icehouse — morning alma and jess watch elliot through the window . they watch as he open he eye . they ound . watch as he look alma watch with she hand over she mouth . elliot stand in the field of 's . he wait . he look towards the icehouse . he stare in alma 's direction . she start ery . alma nothing happen to he . she move away from the window . jess watch alma 's face . alma we will set it off . CUT to : ext . backyard of MAIN house morning flliot stare at the icehouse . phe door do not open . elliot yell . elliot alma ! 1600 elliot lower he eve . the SOUND of a distant door open can be heard he look up . he see alma and jess step out of the icehouse . elliot 's face tense with emotion . CUT to : mor ? G ext . icfhou alma and jess stand outside the icchouse . jess look at alma 's terrify face . they step into the sway high grass . they long hair swirl around they alma ( whisper ) do not let go of my hand . okay ? jess nod . alma see elliot wait for they at the end of the field . they . they see ellict start walk towards they be only a hundred or so foot from each other . elliot be yell something to they . it get lose in the wind . alma I can not understand what he 's say ... they watch as elliot stop . he turn from they . he look around , he take a cou backwards towards they . p step alma elliot ? ras they stop walk . alma start cry . she hold the girl close to he elliot tum around as he approach . he look around with tear in he eve . then he leok at alma , beat . 101 alma elliot ? beat . the wind blow around they . elliot you do not h I ? alma ( barely audible ) no elliot [ say | remember alma remember what ? elliot the color effect of love . it be green , the wind swirl around they elliot put cut he hand . his wife take it . beat . alma okay . elliot okay what ? alma fight the tear . alma ( soft ) I do not throw that statue at you . | throw it near you . | would have hit you if I would have throw it at you . almaand elliot laugh . something move behind elliot . jess scream . 102 the figure of the bloodied old woman appear behind they . the ghosily figure of the old woman dge of the ho alma hold jess as she Si holding her cross . at th I :lliot turn as be grab jess and start run . elliot run back uito the icehouse ! ield of wild elliot grab alma and they all start racing through the now frenzied move grass . they cover they face . they make it to the edge of the field and run towards the icehouse . CUT to : int . icehouse - morning they rush in the door and slam it close behind they . elliot stuff he shirt into the bottom of the wooden door . they be all gasp for breath . they rush to the window . 's the old woman stagger up a hill and collapse in the beat . they distanc the three of they slump down the wall to the floor . beat . elliot before something else happen , I should give you this . he reach into he pocket . he hold he hand to alma . open he palm . she see she wedding ring in he hand . elliot ( emotional ) ttock a risk . she stare at he childlike eve . she take the ring . elliot hold jess close . all we hear be there breathing . dissolve to : 103 ext . icehouse - afternoon tt be many hour later , eliot , alma and jess step out of the icvhouse . dissolve to : ext . field - afternoon they walk across the field , H. dissolve to : \fternoon ext . backdoor of mar they go in the back door . int . home — afternoon they move through the house . ‘hey enter the kitchen , they begin eat . dissolve to : ext . house —- morning legend '' kostov , Russia 6:1 Sam * a family in Russia step out of they house . they look around bewilder by the quict street before they . dissolve to : ext . backyard - morning legend '' shen , China 9:12 be " two chinese girl in they teens stan clothes they be drying outside . in they backyard . the wind whip they hair and the 104 dissolve to : ext . village - morning legend '' pondicherry , India 7:42 be '' and no with a group of villager . phey watch as the t a indian man and he boy grass dance in a current of dissovle to : ext . field - afternoon legend '' briar , Wisconsin 6:01 pm '' a farm boy from Wisconsin sit ina field . [ be bike sit on its side in the grass . dissolve to : ext , porch -- early evening legend '' arundell , pennsylv 7:23 pm " elliot , alma and jess sit on the porch ouside . jess sit on alma 's 's jap . eiltot have he guitar on he lap . they all rock in they chair as they look out over the undulate wee and grass . elliot ( soft ) T should write a song about this . it be along time before alma answer . alma ( 's maybe vou should . the wind move playfully over they , gently toss they hair and clothes . fade to black :