. the craft | | | ' by Peter filardi November 11 , 1994 draft by | Andrew Fleming Red wagon prods . Doug wick , producer fade up - aerial shot several thousand foot above Los angey . the afternoon sun streak through layer of smog and haze . ethereal music a word be handwritten across the screen : strange . it.dissolves away . another word : afraid . another : magic . a extreme close up - a beautiful young face , sarah , seventeen year old . the delicate curve of she feature , she botticelli hair , she creamy skin , do not hide a pervasive sadness . : sarah 's voice something strange be ' go to happen here . I can not tell if I be afraid or not . nervous . I wish I could snap my finger like magic and it would be a.month from now . a year ... int . airplane - afternoon Sarah sit next to the window , write in 'a ' diary . her father , roger baily , and she stepmother , jenny , be beside she , get ready for landing . - Sarah look out the window . aerial shot - the plane enter frame below we , bank leave and move down into the murk . ext . airport - afternoon confusion -- dozen of passengers , skycab , all manner of people swarm around Sarah , she father , Jenny , as the three try to find a taxi . int . cab - afternoon . ignoring she parent 's chatter , sirah lie back , the window , listless , mesmerize py the city as it glide by . various angle - out the window on a STREET corner - a woman scream to kigh hell at she kide , little one , who hold she hand , numbe by she raging . in a CENTER divider - a old datsun have be neatly compress into ore third its original size by a huge delivery truck . police and paramedics be all around . two body iie . underneath blood - soak white cloth cover . onlooker gape . someone be cry hysterically . in the next lane - a jack - down , ; customize , white - on-white BMW , cruise by . one of the darkly tinted window be roll down . a slump - down gang - banger with a shave head and wraparound glass leer at we . on a sidewalk - a tower , psychotic ; homeless man with rotting dreadlock hold a sign aloft : '' December 31 , 1999 will be the end . prepare !! '' =xt . glendale - afternoon Old Los Angeles : the cab take . a turn up a hilly street . ext . - the house a hodgepodge of style : rustic lodge turn seventy party . palace . now it 's paint a odd brown , overgrown with bouganvillea . eucalyptus tree creak in the breeze . but mostly , it 's isolate ; there do not seem to be a single house anywhere nearby . Roger pay the cab . roger : it remind I of my parent 's place in the adirondack . it be a great deal . some actress in the twenties build it as a hunt lodge . I love be away from the city noise . a helicopter buzy overhead . they look up . int . live room - the room be huge , with wood beam ceiling , a stuccoed - over stone fireplace . all of the Bailey 's possession be stack in the middle of the floor , drape with furniture pad . roger I tell they not to put everything in one place . Jenny touch a mexican light fixture . jenny it 's certainly get personality ... ~ int . kitchen - Sarah walk - into the kitchen , paint laquer - red , with japanese lantern and shoji screen . sarah multiple personality disorder . int . sarah' bedroom - day the room be a hitherto unachieve shade of cadmium yellow . Sarah come in , see at it and sigh . she open a double - door closet , but it only lead outside with a several story drop and no railing or balcony . - Roger and Jenny come in , see the doorway tc nowhere . roger hmm . that 's not exactly to code ... it 's go to take some fix up . but my néste instinct be - raging . what do you think ? a sarah it 's fine . whatever ... ( walk out ) I be gonna go look for my clothes . jenny stop worry . she will be okay . her remark annoys he . int . live room - Sarah be . rummage around in the huge pile of stuff . behind she , the set sun stream through the front door . a figure be move up the front step , completely silhouett . behind sarah - a shadow of a man move up the far wall , stand in the doorway . the shadow hold up a snake . in one instant : man welcome to the end of the road . ww Sarah turn , and see a dixty vagrant with hollow eye , smile , snake in hand . Sarah shift into another mode . vagrant 's Pov of sarah - something weird be happening : bright light start to emanate from behind Sarah . and she face start to change ... startle , the vagrant drop the snake , step back . the snake wriggle towards Sarah . she scramble away , knock a chair over . roger ( run down the stair ) Sarah ...? Roger see the man , . pick up a fireplace poker and charge at he . : '' roger get the fuck out of here !!!!! ' the man jog back , confuse . Roger slam the door , breathes . roger Sarah , be you alright ? sarah ( off somewhere ) I ... yeah ... through a window - the vagrant be run away , up the illside . vagrant scary chick ! scary chick ! angle - the snake be slithering across Roger 's foot . he raise the poker and slam it down with a fleshy plonk . int . sarah' room ~ night Sarah sit on a mattress which have be make up for bed . she eat chinese food from a container . Roger stand in she doorway . : roger the reaitor say he 's just a weird guy that life in griffith park ... but he 's never hurt anybody ... you be not go to be spend any time here by yourself . Jenny or I will always be around . ou sarah I do not say anything . roger . I gust want peace and quiet for you ... like the doctor say ... maybe we should move ... sarah no , it 's fine ! : roger ( back off ) okay , alright . Roger go . angle ~ a old black and white photo of Sarah 's mother in a garden . Sarah . take the photo from a pack carton , touch the glass . int .. sarah be room - late night . . Sarah lie there , . eye open . out the door to nowhere - it 's very dark . a breeze rustle the tree . we hear the clock ticking . a alarm go off . a hand reach for it . int . bedroom - morning this be a different bedroom , fully furnish , very subdued . a teenage girl be get out of bed , bonnze stewart , somber , pale , cover in a longsleeve nightgown . she put she hair up in a ponytail while she get she bearing . int . closet - bonnie pull out a grey Catholic school uniform . she stop and look in she full - length closet mirror . she siip she nightgown off . we be look over her shoulder , but we see just enough ci some very extensive , reddish scarring across she shoulder , chest and arm . something awful , happen to she . on bonnie look in she own eye , do not like what she see . a mother 's voice ( £rom somewhere ) bonnie , be you up ? bonnie yeah . int . kitchen in hancock park - morning a attractive , well - coiff black mother , be just finish a pan of scramble egg in she very upscale kitchen . she move to the tastefully decorate breakfast NOOK which contain a extremely handsome black family : father , brother , sister and rochelle mack , 16 , model - pretty and thin . she almost make she familiar grey Catholic school uniform look glamorous . rochelle scoops up some scramble egg , she second help , and wolf they down . : . rochelle 's mother watch this . carefully . rochelle’s father ( to a brother ) you can get the verbal up . Stanford put a lot of weight on that score . rochelle’s brother yes , sir . '' j rochelle's father ( to rochelle ) how 's you half gainer come in practice , honey ? . rochelle good , I guess . rochelle’s father that sound good ... ( mockingly to the rest of the table ) ... I guess . rochelle ( leave the table ) Excuse I . rochelle’s mother where be you go ? rochelle to get my book . be that alright ? a ongoing tension between they . int . rochelle 's bathroom - rocheile be crouch over the toilet , a empty package of | plain doughnut lie nearby . she wipe she mouth , flush the toilet . a knock on the door . rochelle’s mother ( from outside ) rochelle , you be go to miss you ride . rochelle very carefully and silently fold up the doughnut : . wrapper and put it in she bookbag . she pick up stray crumb as she go to the door . rochelle’s mother _ ( from outside ) : rochelle ? int . hallway of a trailer home - morning nancy downs come ' out of the bathroom . she wear the same uniform as the other , but with a white - trash vibe : bleach - ' blonde hair , too much makeup , a ankle tatoo . Nancy be face to face with ray , paunchy , unshaven , in roto- rooter cover - all . as the two maneuver past each other in the tiny hallway , Ray look down she shirt . ray do I ever tell you I have a thing for girl in Catholic school uniform ? Nancy scratch . she cheek while give he the finger . nancy ( acid ) : yeah , Ray . but I love hearing it again every morning . he laugh a smoker 's laugh which turn into a smoker 's cough . then he light up . int . tiny master bedroom - cont . Nancy 's mother , grace , be out . cold on the bed amidst a wine bottle , a overturn ashtray , a tv guide . nancy Mom ... no response . Nancy go to the purse on the bedside table , open the wallet : a few singles , coin . Nancy take it all . ext . trailer - morning Nancy step outside the-dilapidated trailer set in the backyard of a even more dilapidate old bungalow . ext . silverlake bus stop - morning Nancy scan for 'a seat amid sea of hispanic women , all chatter on in Spanish . Nancy sit in back . across the aisle be two ninth grade 30 ys in school uniform . they whisper to each other when they see Nancy . : one of they start miming a blow job . Nancy turn . : nancy if you.do not stop , I will fuck rip you testicles off . : ' the boy be afraid . ext . st.’ bernard academy - morning buse and car deposit swarm of uniform student : the school have a fade elegance : graceful stuccoed building , crack , patch and tinged with graffitti . int . school hallway - day CHRIS hooker , trey hantham , mitt rogers , and a handful of other jock hang by the water fountain , perch on either side of the hall . a spindly - look lower - class boy , have to walk through they . Trey and mitt merely glare at the boy . this be enough to make he sprint off . mitt oh look . it 's the reining miss trailer trash USA , the anorexic freakazoid , and freddy krueger 's monster bride . bonnie , rochelle and Nancy be approach . the boy fall silent as they pass . Trey cough artfully spicting out the word ' scum fuck 's or ' fuck I 's or ' blow job 's . other boy follow suit , except Chris , who seem annoyed . CHRIS watc . ‘he fuck language , you guy . Nancy glare at Chris : something between they . bonnie so many man , so little ammunition . ' down the hallway - once they reach they locker , bonnie pull out a strange paperback . . bonnie the Almanac say today will bring a arrival of something ...? ( find it , read ) : '' ... a new wholeness , and with it , a new balance between North , South , East and West . Earth , Air , Water , and Fire ... maybe it 's a fourth . ' nancy be not we good enough ? " bonnie four would make a ring . nancy . look . there 's we fourth . ' i angle - a huge , rather . macho-look , uniform female security guard . the girl laugh . - int . french CLASS - day . . : + bonnie sit in . french class , try she best to avoid the gaze of monsieur thepot , the rakish , fortyish french teacher . he speak only in french and be subtitled . thepot welcome back , class . I hope you have a fine weekend . monsieur Rogers , how be you weekend ? mitt tray bee - in , mon-sewer . thepot . io how do you spend you weekend ? at the beach ? at a rock concert ? look for girl ? mitt look lose . thepot cherchez les femme ? hmmmm ? Les femme ? thepot make a hourglass shape in the air . mitt you mean do I get any pussy ? the class laugh . thepot be not amused . thepot en francais , monsieur Rogers . mitt qui . bow -coup de pussy , mon-sewer thepot . sarah ( from somewhere , in perfect french ) -. . like hell you do , you pig : CO head turn . thepot smile . thepot ah , madamoiselle baily , we new student . you french be excellent . do you live in France or Canada ? sarah . no , but I go to a school where they do not allow cro-magnon man into the classroom . thepot be impressed . angle .- bonnie - she stare at Sarah . mitt Jesus ... you know in LA we should be learn mexican anyway . sarah {in English ) then why be you take french ? mitt because I want to be near you , . ( mutter ) . ...fuckin ' bitch . the boy laugh , except for Chris . thepot monsiér Rogers ! that 's enough ! alright , madamoiselle Martin ... thepot keep talk in french but it fade away as we move in on Sarah . she 's watch something . up ahead - bonnie take a pencil and stand it on its lead . , point , balance it with she index finger . ' she stare at the pencil and , concentrate . she take she finger away , and the pencil stay stand . Sarah watch , mesmerize . bonnie turn to Sarah . the pencil fall . bonnie 's expressionless stare ' shoot through Sarah . int . biology lab . - day class have not start yet . Nancy and rochelle be at a rear lab table . rochelle .' that fuck Laura lizzie . angle - LAURA lizzie , a muscular , blonde swimmer , joke with she lab group . nancy what about she ? rochelle _ last Friday I could not find my clothes . they be float in the pool . my. mother have to drive I home in my bathing suit . nancy why do not you say anything ? rochelle I would quit the team , but my dad would have a brain hemorhage . bonnie rush in , excited . bonnie | @ she 's here . rochelle who ? bonnie someone to be the fourth . I know she 's the one . nancy shut up . bonnie I be serious . she 's in here next . look . Sarah wander in , confuse . she talk to a teacher up front who direct she to take a seat . Sarah come to the Girls . sarah can I sit here ? Nancy cross she eye . nancy . ( funny .voice ) : frankly honey , we would prefer it if you do not . Sarah walk off . bonnie ( call after Sarah ) no , you can have it ... too late . she 's at another table . bonnie {to Nancy ) happy now ? nancy — she 's a freak . bonnie then she will . fit right in . nancy ( eye cross ) uh oh . I think my eye be stick . ce ) ext . common - day Sarah be eat lunch by herself when she notice rochelle , bonnie and Nancy across the way , stare at she . — _ CD . someone sit down at she table . it 's Chris hooker , from french class . CHRIS Sarah . right ? hi. I have like the apologize for that guy . ( off she confuse look ) Trey and mitt in french , the cro-magnum man . I be Chris . ( he sit ) sarah so many people have be rude , it 's hard to keep track . CHRIS who élse ? sarah do not stare . check out four o'clock . Chris very artfully yawn and stretch , turn he head to see the Girls . CHRIS oh shit . it 's fear , loathing and pestilence . whatever you do , stay away from they . with the girl - bonnie be watch closely . bonnie they be talk about we . I can tell . Chris sneak a nervous look at bonnie . bonnie :.. he ' 's tell she about I , the scar . nancy's : hand go on bonnie 's shoulder . back with CHRIS and sarah - CHRIS ... shle 's get this burn scar all over she body . I have not : see they , but I know people who have ... anyway , people say some even scarier shit about they ... sarah what ? CHRIS - | they be witch . . sarah really ? CHRIS no . I do not think so . they just have that bitchy - witchy - stevie nick - thing happen . he touch she hair . ' sarah what be you do ? he bury he face in it and sniff . she try to pull away . CHRIS I have a hair fetish . you use ... pantene . sarah that 's impressive . CHRIS what be you do after school ? ae | - apa nothing , I guess . CHRIS really ? I be busy . annoy , she finally swat he out of she hair . CHRIS football practice . sarah let I guess . quarterback . Chris smile he shit-eate grin and get up . CHRIS you could come and watch . a lot of the girl do . sarah no thanks . I just remember I have get a appointment for some root canal and . I be really . look forward to it . ( CHRIS : ' I think you will be there . sarah : . | think again . take some frencn fries from a spindly no back at we . wander of reshman , sm : ny gr ext . footsall field - - day ' several car be park next to the field with several girlfriend sit inside , eat , try to do homework , but mostly watch they boy do scrimmages . angle - behind some tree - we spy Sarah , do she best not to be see . she scan for Chris on the field . a voice look for something ? Sarah turn . Nancy , bonnie and rochelle be right there . sarah no ... bonnie some. of this football dick make they girlfriend come watch they practice . as if it 's interesting . sarah really ? nancy like you best friend Chris hooker . sarah he 's a jerk . bonnie he hate we . - sarah — why ? : nancy because we be not stand in line for permission to lick the sweat off he fac butt . . the giris laugh , even Sarah a little rochelle Nancy 's sorry about what happen in biology . we want you to sit . with we . oy sarah Nancy ? . bonnie . ( point ) ' she 's Nancy . I be rochelle . and that 's bonnie . : sarah hi , I be ... bonnie we know who you aré . do you want to go to the mall with we ? . sarah I nave to get home . my dad ... rochelle come on . it 's a really cool mall , and really unique because there 's a gap anda benetton and a Mrs. field cookie and a brookstone , so , it 's like different from all the other mall . '' nancy or you can stay and watch Chris . | sarah : I be net watch Chris : nancy so let 's go already ... they start walk off . Sarah think for a second , then . follow . rochelle what 's today 's color ? bonnie Red . ~ sarah what 's red ? rochelle everything we steal today have to be red . CUT to - a close up oot '' i a snake slither at we . Sarah lurch away . int . pet store - afternoon the girl watch this . rochelle wear a bright red beret , Nancy red high top . : nancy not a snake fan ? Nancy lead they out of the pet store . int . clothing boutique > day browsing . bonnie what 's do you father do ? sarah retail consultant for Holland Ross . . you ever take one of that ? bonnie it 's a little conservative for I . bonnie twist a new red scarf around she neck . Sarah look around , nervous . a bitchy salesman be eyeing they . '' = - bonnie — you know , everything in nature steal . Big animal take from little one . nancy this place blow . let 's make like Tom and cruise . rochelle let 's make like hemingway and book . bonnie let 's make like smucker and jam . they look at Sarah : 7 sarah . : let 's make like a baby and head out . the girl laugh , move to the-door . ' salesman Young lady , that scarf ... ( - they all make a b-line for the exit ... except Sarah who . =) stand right in front of the salesman . she touch he hand . sarah Excuse I ... the salesman 's Pov - Sarah loox straight at he . Sarah 's eye be riveting . g behind she be brighten , fading to a shimmer il ic melt down . Sarah 's shape be darken into : shadow , dissipatin sarah ( weird , echoey ) Excuse I ... behind sarah 's back - Nancy wave the girl away . they run . back in the vision - Sarah 's shape thin and twist into a wire hanger . it fall . with a clang , . everything snap back - to normal . the salesman bend over , dumbstruck , to pick up a wire hanger . Sarah stand over he , hold up a shirt . sarah ( impatient ) Excuse I , do you have this in a medium ? salesman I , uh ...? the salesman rub he temple and sit down on the floor . salesmen oh my .. I have just get to cut back on the nutrasweet . I know that 's what it be . I just read a article ... I be sorry . you be ask ...? to sarah nevermind . ext . mall - afternoon the three Girls wait just outside the main entrance , .as saran come out . nancy what do you say to that guy ? I sarah nothing . bonnie I think we should take Sarah to the candle shop ? sarah I be not really into candle . bonnie and rochelle give a look.to Nancy . rochelle you will like this . ext . silverlake - afternoon rochelle 's beret , Nancy 's high top , and bonnie 's scarf . together with Sarah they march through a graffitti-splactlacp part of town . rochelle why do you move down to l.a .? Long silence . sarah I kill myself . ( laugh coldly ) I mean , I try to ... people find out . | my. dad could not handle it . he gota transfer . ' rochelle - -- i oh. Sarah walk ahead . the girl all look at '' each other . int . candle shop - afternoon Dark , Catholic , and decrepit . the proprietor , a ethereal latina with a line face , name lirio , eye the giris warily . Sarah browse the occult paraphenalia . rochelle come over and hand Sarah a book . sarah I have a diary . rochelle this be better . you put spell and power thought in it . then do not let anyone read it , ever . except maybe we . . sarah you guy be ail into this ? . rochelle sort of . rochelle slip some incense into she pocket and wander off . Nancy approach a painting surround by candle and mirror . the painting be of a woman , a witch probably , envelop in electric iight , deep in the throes of ecstatic pain or pleasure . a small plaque below read : ' invocation of the Spirit . 's bonnie walk up . nancy I want to . see a god . bonnie that 's nice , Nancy . the girl stare at the painting . with sarah - she continue to browse . book , medallion . she pick up a box set of candle , red , black , white . she smelis they . ' just then , a middle - aged couple enter the shop . they nod to lirio , then disappear behind a black curtain in the back of the store . Sarah be curious . she approach the curtain . suddenly a wrinkle hand stop she . ~ " + lirto that 's not for you . sarah sorry ... lirio see a old ring on Sarah 's hand . lir=o a beautiful ring . it be you mother 's . sarah be | ( take aback ) yes . lirio look at the box of candle , the book . lirio you go to pay for that ? : ( off Sarah 's nod ) not like you friend . they go to the counter . Sarah pay . lirio you know how to use candle ? sarah , you light the wick . lirio more than that . Red be for love . Black be ... here . take this . read it . lirio give she a small book cover in Old English script and engravings . CA sarah ne I ‘*ve never read any book about ... you know ... I just ... kind of ... feel it ... lirio do someone teach you ? you mother ? sarah no , she 's dead . lirio you be a Natural witch . self -taught . you power come from within . lirio touch Sarah 's hand , the ring , nodd , give Sarah a creepy smile . bonnie ( call ) Sarah , come on ... sarak go to the girl . '' ext . candle shop - cont . as they trudge off . . nancy I can not believe you pay . it 's so embarrassing . ext . bailey house - evening Sarah trudge up the driveway . it 's dark , and the hill be quiet . . int . front hallway - evening Sarah 's father and Jenny be sit in the dining room look very agitate . when Sarah come in , he jump up . : roger : where the hell have you be ? 1 sarah just . hang out with some friend from school . roger it 's seven o'clock in the evening . we be this far away from call the police ! , : sarah relax . I be not dead . this stop he cold . Sarah 's run upstairs . int . bedroom - night Sarah have pass out on she bed , still in she clothes . she have light a dozen or so of the candle from the store . the breeze from the open doorway to nowhere lightly toss the flame to and for . Sarah breathes heavily while she sleep . the sound of she breath be grow deeper , cavernous , like some huge beast ... and it synch with the breeze from the window . the candle be blow out and relighting with each breeze , with each breath . suddenly the phone ring .- Sarah dive for it . the breeze stop . sarah helio ? voice what be you wear ? sarah who be this ...? oh. CHRIS 's voice i. need a mental picture otherwise I will not be able to get my rock off . this be 976 - hott , right ? sarah you be sick . how.did you get my number ? CHRIS 's voice | inflamation ... I look for you on the field . sarah I tell you . root canal . CHRIS '. voice this Friday . after practice . a real date . zi will buy you dinner and you will give I sex . sarah you be a pervert . CHRIS 's voice I all take that as a yes . later . click . sarah hello ? she lie back , slightly annoyed , but rather more excited . ext . ambassador HOTEL rooftop - evening Sarah and . Chris lie beneath the dilapidate neon ' ambassador Hotel 's sign . Chris kiss she , rapaciously , . bend she body around he , stroking she everywhere . . his mouth go down she chest , as he open button on she uniform blouse . Sarah be not emotionally engage . she watch a smog-hue sunset . just then , Trey and Laura lizzie round a corner , hand in hand . Sarah smile at then , embarrassed . '' LAURA it be nice to meet you , Sarah . trey we will catch you later , bro . CHRIS ( come up for air ) peace . Laura and Trey descend a ladder . Chris dive back into Sarah . he start unbuttone he pants , push she down . sarah wait ... I ... I be just not ... = do not want to do this . . Chris dive away from she , panting . he catch he breath . CHRIS it 's cool . we can just , you know ... hang . he stuff something back in he pants : and zip up . he puts-his arm around she , give she a polite peck on the cheek , and check out the sunset . sarah thanks . CHRIS ( acid ) no . thank you . awkward . int . biology lab - day the teacher be lecture . Sarah and the girl whisper . bonnie do. you know what they be say about you ? about what happen at the ambassador with Chris ? sarah what ? bonnie that you sleep with he | sarah but I do not . I should talk to he . nancy before you talk to Chris , you should probably xnow the whole story . maybe he 's just try to save face or something , but he 's also be say you be not very good . eg sarah what ??? nancy something about you be too big down there . Sarah be mortify . she turn around . Laura lizzie and she lab group look away , avoid Sarah . but . one of they nudge Laura and they all laugh . rochelle Nancy 's use to go out with Chris , do n ' : you Nancy ...? nancy rochelle ... rochelle and he say even worse stuff about you ? nancy fuck off , you barf machine . int . hallway - day Sarah be walk toward she locker when she see Chris , Trey , mitt and the other jock in they formation on either side of the hallway . '' she waver , then decide to : keep go . Chris will not - look at she as she pass . Trey cough out a ' hesebag 's . mitt cough out a nuse up Sarah just keep go . int . kitchen - night Roger and Jenny and Sarah sit around the kitchen table , eat dinner in silence . & bo ov Roger 's about to say something to Sarah , but he 's not sure ~ how to from he thought into word . Sarah look at he . j sarah . what ? why do not you just say it ...? you never just say what it be . Roger give up . Sarah shake she head . they eat in silence . int . kitchen - later Sarah be wash dish . Jenny come in with dirty plate . jenny he worry . sarah tell he not to bother . int . sarah 's bedroom - night Sarah lie on she bed , eye red from cry . she look want , empty . she get up and lock she door . she go to she desk and open a drawer . Inside : amidst pencil and pen , a exacto knife . she pick it up and go into int . bathrooom - cont . she go to the mirror and cut open a vein on each wrist with the knife . blood drip down onto she white tile floor . she reach for a glass and fill it with water from the tap . a little blood drip in too . she drink the pinkish water . she waver , and the glass drop , smash ! Water , blood , shard of glass on the floor , all around she foot . blood still drip down she hand , off the tip of she finger . she look in the mirror . she 's pale . she fall to the floor , into a pool of red . gq angle - there 's knock on the bedroom door . roger Sarah . why do you lock the door ...? Sarah ! pounding . the door rattles . Sarah want to move , to get help , but she 's freeze . she try to speak . she try to move she arm . but nothing . the door bow in with a attempt to break it down wham ! then it 's quiet . no one 's try to help . tight on sarah' face - she 's crawl to the door . her body be like lead . gradually we pull back to reveal she be on she bed . there 's no blood . she rub she wrist : they be normal . she roll over on she back , bury she face in she arm . there 's a distant knock at the front door . voice . Sarah get up , peek out . angle - down the stair Roger be talk to Nancy , bonnie and rochelle . bonnie / she do not tell you that we be all go to the movie ? — : roger frankly , no . I think she 's asleep . bonnie well , tell she ' the girl 's come by . roger I certainly will . goodnight . the Girls start walk out . Sarah watch they go for a beat , then : sarah waic . the Girls hear she and turn back , see she at the top of the stair . sarah sorry , you guy . I forget . gimme a minute . Sarah run to she . closet . int . mercede station wagon - night rochelle 's glacial mother drive . silence . '' Nancy make a lewd gesture by slip ner tongue through she finger . bonnie and rochelle giggle . ext . cineplex - night Green hat , green ked , green T-shirt and green swatch watch pile out of the car . - rochelle wave goodbye and they march up to the box office as the car drive off . sarah what be we see ? the Girls lead Sarah away , down the street . sarah where be you go ? ext . hollywood side STREET -. night Dark and seedy . abandon car and empty lot . bonnie look straight ahead and keep up . Sarah brace as they approach ... ext . hollywood boulevard - night the Girls parade stalwart through the mass psychosis . e saran steal glimpsis from the corner of she eye : beggar , pimp , cripple , runaways , dealer . noise , scream , siren , laughter . with '' with they game face , the Girls pass unnotice . a STREET woman shuffles by , clutching a dirty , cry baby . STREET woman . please ... my baby need food ... Sarah stop , heartbroken . rochelle Sarah , come on ... the Girls keep walk . the Street woman notice Sarah . STREET woman not for I . for the baby ... suddenly Sarah have become a target . everyone be look at she . someone jostle she . a pimp turn around , . scoping she ouc . . . pimp ; honey child ... I like you style ... he 's block she way . she look for the Girls . sarah you guy ... but they be go . from down the boulevard , a weird STREET preacher spy Sarah . ! - } " preacher Jezebel ! hold on , Jezebel ! Jesus be come ! here come Jesus ! she turn and run , and hit smack dab into a dirty vagrant . he be familiar . ue , vagrant I know you ... I know where you live ... Sarah recognize he : he stand in the doorway with the snake . he hold she arm . vagrant at the end of the road ... Sarah scream and pull away , run straight into the STREET - we oo a car honk . another screech to a hait rie foot . driver you fuckin’ idiot ! - the vagrant be come after she , into the lane of the Girls have nctice where Sarah be . they see the vagrant . '' very quick : bonnie , rochelle and Nancy each think something . they be cool . Sarah look at the vagrant , think the shin a speed sport truck with monster wheel catch the vagrant . his leg get catch under the wheel . he scream as he leg be crush . people yelling . a hand come out of nowhere and grab a dumbstruck Sarah . it 's bonnie . bonnie why do not you keep up like . I say ? motorcycle cop descend on the scene . pandemonium . rochelle let 's get out of here . ext . park - night the. four Girls sprawl on the grass , in the dark . we only catch glimpsis of they face when the light of distant headlight pass over they . the wind be rustling through the ree . = . rochel le it be weird . I think , maybe he all get hit . that would stop nim . and then . bonnie | I think the same thing nancy I too . sarah i I guess we all do . my rno bonnie he be come after you . he deserve it . rochelle do we make it happen ? bonnie maybe we do . maybe noah do . no way to be .sure . rochelle it 's manon . bonnie whatever . sarah what 's that , God ? bonnie man invent God . this be older than that . she 's the tree , the rock , the ground , everything . sarah _ nature . bonnie it 's nature . it 's everything . nancy if God and the Devil be play football , manon would be the field . or the stadium . bonnie or maybe God create Earth and leave he in charge ? actually , we be not sure . sarah do you think it 's he or . she ? -. nancy it 's kind of a transexual , I guess . bonnie do stuff like tonight happen to you a lot ? Sarah nod quietly . cy ) rochelle where do you learn it ? sarah . it be always there . I just have to find it . I do not know ... bonnie a’natural witch ... sarah my mother be a witch . she die when I be bear . rochelle everything we know be from book and stuff . bonnte I guess we finally find we fourth . nancy ; so what can you . do ? cam you really do thing ? anything you want ? sarah no ... ' rochelle one 's time we chant ali night over a algebra test . the next day we all get the same grade . sarah really ? | ' rochelle Three ' F 's . we should have study . they laugh . nancy have you ever hear of ' invoking the Spirit 's ? _. sarah no ... nancy it 's when you ask he to come . manon . and he just fill you . he make everything alright . he take what 's wrong with you life and make it right . Sarah turn to face the breeze . sarah nothing make everything alright . blue sky - rochelle step up in a bathing suit . ext . school pool - day the whole diving team , include Laura lizzie and she Friends , as well as several coach be watch . rochelle put she shoulder back , balance , and concentrate . she bolince up and down and spring out . LAURA shark ! oh wait ... nevermind . rochelle be throw , she body contort , and wham ! from underwater -. she belly flop . the coach wince . Laura and she friend clap politely . LAURA superb . absolutely superb . rochelle struggle to the surface : int . locker - day Laura and she Friends be just get dress when rochelle near , wrap in a towel . rochelle why be you do this to I , Laura ? LAURA ( to she friend , wince ) do anybody else smell that ? rochelle ~ I just want to know why ! LAURA because ' you dive like shit and you smeil like shit . okay ? Laura and she friend walk off . by rochelle’s locker - she open the door , sigh . : rochelle where be my clothes ? int . coach office - day rochelle , wrap in a man 's bathrobe , talk with the coach . coach how do I know Laura take you clothes ? rochelle she admit it ! coach listen , honey , if you put haif as much energy into arching you back as you do into this thing with Laura , you have bea whole helluva lot better off . to be perfectly honest , if you father be not on the board , you would not even be on the team ... rochelle stand there . another coach come in . other coach ' we find you clothes , rochelle . they be not in the pool . rochelle where be they ? looking into the boy locker - rochelle stand there , numb , as a janitor fish she clothes out of a urinal with a rake . a lunky football player take a leak in the background . janitor you want . I to rinse ‘em off or you want ‘em like this ? something click in rochelle . int . hallway - day Laura and she Friends be walk along talking and laugh Sarah come towards they . she bisect Laura . ''s group , physically brush up against Laura . her finger grab several strand of hair , and yank . ay =ng . we on LAURA ow ! you pull my nair out ! . sarah sorry . it must have get catch on my ting . LAURA stupid fuck idiot ... they walk off . Sarah smile , clutching the hair . int . sarah' room - night all the Girls be stay over . the Home Shopping Network drone on while bonnie be busy braid Laura 's hair into th back of rochelle 's . rochelle light a candle , whisper something . bonnie if Laura leave you alone start now , nothing will happen . nothing could . : : rochelle , & . . fat chance . : Nancy be cut cake into piece , pour wine into a cup on a tray . she pass it to rochelle who be on she right . rochelle drink . Sarah take the tray . sarah do.you think the ancient use fat - free lemon twist for they cake and wine ceremony ? Nancy sip the wine , eat a piece of cake . : rochelle I think you be not suppose to . ~ bonnie rochelle ... rochelle that 's what she say . if she have . one , she will just have another . nancy &- J I have a alconol problem . rochelle and cocaine too , right ? and crack . and cough medicine . and ... nancy rochelle , shut the fuck up ! Jesus ... bonnie pick up the black and white photo of sarah' mother . , | bonnie who 's this ? | . sarah my real mother . bonnie she look just like you ... int . cafeteria - day a couple of table away - Chris , Trey , mitt and the other jock shoot the shit . ' Chris 's back be to we . CHRIS ... skanky , flabby , stretch out , smelly , - crusty , use up , dry out , do I say smelly already ...? " trey twice . CHRIS . .. smelly , scabby , infest , infect , old hole . the guy chuckle . mitt see something , look really embarrassed . mitt Chris , there she be . CHRIS shut . the fuck up . _.- ( turn ) oh shit. ( smile ) hi Sarah . eon Sarah , sit with rochelle , have just hear all of th boy be laugh . flash ! a camera snap off . int . hallway - day bonnie stand in front of the boy 's bathroom with the camera as Chris come out . CHRIS what 's the deal ? bonnie ( walk off ) oh sorry . I think you be somebody else . CHRIS what ? be keanu reeves hang out in we bathroom ? : . int . bonnie 's room - night Sarah have she little spell book . rochelle be cut the picture of Chris into a small pentagon . sarah ( read ) Chris hooker be try to ruin my life . he lie about I . he humiliate I in front of people . manon , I ask that Chris hooker feel the same pain that I feel . measure for measure . please do what 's fair . whatever it be . I mean , do not pull he limb from he body or anything like that . on second think , you can if you want to . rochelle and Nancy laugh . rochelle pastes the picture of Chris into the book , upsidedow . Nancy hold out a red candle and drip wax arcund the edge . she have a handful of red rise petal . nancy Press this into the wax before it cool . sarah / I have never do this kind of spell . I _ do not know if it 'il work . nancy we will make it work . bonnie I want to ask for something too ... I ... : I want to be like I be before ... i’ '' 5 sick of be ugly ... she run she hand over she skin . sarah you ’‘re not ugly . ww we ony ' rochelle it do not matter what people think . nancy bullshit . rochelle beauty . be a trap . Men use it to imprison woman . Real beauty be internal . bonnie easy for you to say . I hate the way I look . do you know my name mean ' pretty 's ? like it 's a joke . sarah why. do you want to change the way you look , bonnie ? bonnie . for I . I want it for I . for when I look in the mirror in the morning . ' rochelle ... I guess that 's different . e nancy . to get what you . want . Nancy raise she cigarette and take a drag . ext . rochelle 's room - day Nancy , bonnie and Sarah be sprawle on rochelle ' 's floor , eat snackwell . rochelle come in with two container , hand one to Sarah and bonnie . rochelle : make sure the oil 's not too hot . Sarah stick she finger inside the mixture of oil and , herb . sarah it 's fine . the rosemary smeil nice . where 's the tannis and the pennyroyal ? rochelle ( hand they to she ) I tell my mom we be make pasta . she be like , '' that 's nice , dear . '' bonnie turn off the light . with will Nancy do . candle be light . bonnie slip she shirt over she ' head , expose she back . . Sarah dip a cloth in the oil and lightly swab the scar | area . bonnie | be it look better ? . nancy 7 sort of ... not really . : . bonnie we have be do it two week now . bonnie look at she skin . she 's sicken . she start to cry . bonnie it 's not work . ( push Sarah away ) nothing 's work . this be stupid . bonnie crawl into a corner , cover she scar with she arm , cry . the Girls just watch , helpless . . sarah we be not feel it enough . bonnie fuck you ! I be feel it enough ! sarah we be not give . we have to give before 1 we can take . Nancy nod . int . bus - day the Girls step onan empty bus behind Sarah while she fumble . with her_wallet for the fare . driver no credit card , honeybunch . sarah okay , asshole . he look over , shocked . he. look into Sarah 's eye . he fall quiet . he Pov - behind Sarah , everything be turn white , while she turn to snadow -- we have see this before ... the Driver stare at she , until she waix away without pay . he shake he head , woozy . driver ( to Sarah ) ...uh ... thanks . saran sit with the Girls . Nancy lean up to she . nancy when be you go to teach we . that particular trick ? Sarah smile . ext . highway - day . crank up the hill , into the Angeles National Forest . ext . bus stop in the forest - day the bus stop and the Girls pile off . | driver : be careful of the weirdo . bonnie how can we ? we be the weirdo . he raise a eyebrow . ext . wood - day tne Girls walk along a path . intense green . sunlight flaring off they face , they hair , off the bough of tree , off the grass . buz insect , rustling tree , bird . the Forest be alive .. Nancy walk in front . she start take off she shirt . she step out of she skirt , pull off she shoe . bonnie see Sarah watch Nancy . bonnie etheric energy be absorb into the clothing . you have to be naked for rite ... . in a meadow - Nancy lie down in some tall grass . the feel of the earth against she body be ecstati j '' ext . meadow - later Sarah have she shirt off , hold it against she front . bonnie , still fully clothed , rub a mixture of oil and herb on Sarah 's back and arm . she look blissfully relaxed . rochelle read from she little book . the image and voice : dissolve into one another . rochelle ( read ) . it 's hard enough walk out on that board with everyone stare and you be just in a bathing suit . but when you be the worst on the team , it 's like a bad joke ... dissolve - bonnie sensually caress a‘huge rock . rochelle ( cont .. ) - I try not to do the bing and purging , but sometimes . I can not help it . I wish I do not feel like there should be less of I . dissolve - Nancy read . Sarah rub ointment on she foot . nancy ' ( read ) . my mom would give I vodka and juice when I be little . she would laugh at I drunk ... dissolve - rochelle sit on the low bough of a tree , naked . nancy ( cont . ) . I love it when you can take something , and it make you feel different . I get addict to everything : cigarettes , coke , — diet Coke , sex , everything . but I can not do ' that anymore because it will kill I ... - dissolve - bonnie brushes a flower across Sarah 's cheek . nancy ( cont . ) now the only high I want be the fire of manon inside I .. dissolve - Sarah have she foot in a small stream , naked , she chest press against she knee . bonnie ( read ) ... I can not remember for about five minute before we hit the wall . but when I come to , there be spark come from a huge see try to cut I out of the car , and I be on fire ... dissolve - Nancy float perfectly still , face up , in a small pond , the sun glimmer all around she . bonnie ( cont . ) ... I cry because I be go to die , but then something speak to I , a voice . it be you , manon ... ' she look up , still shake by this past event , close she book . she 's the only one still fully clothed . everyone be lcoke at she . slowly , bonnie unbutton she blouse , . slip it off . she pull off she skirt . the. scar cover more than half she body , 's in jag stroke across she chest , arm , shoulder , knee , as if someone have splash paint on she and swirl it around . ' . she look so vulnerable . rochelle bonnie , I think you be beautiful ... bonnie relax , even give a pain little smile . she get in the water . nancy now it 's time for Sarah . '' Sarah swallow and pick up . she book . _ '' sarah as long as I remember , I could do it . wish thing , the vision . and I always feel sick . like the world do not need a freak like I . a mother would have be nice . somebody to teach I it be actually a good thing . then one day I realize I would rather be dead . but [ I do not die . I make it here , where I finally belong . it 's be a long road , but I finally find this three . now we make four . the other girl be move . rochelle come over and kiss she on the cheek . strange shadow be fall on they . they look up . a giant flutter of butterfly , hundred of they , drift overhead . the , giris be still . the butterfly descend . they start ‘to rest on Sarah 's shoulder , on bonnie 's head , everywhere . amaze look between they . bonnie , rochelle , Nancy and Sarah be ali cover with a thick blanket of butterfly . nancy he 's listen ... . they be flushed with awe . extreme close up of CHRIS hooker he rub he hand over he face , distress , distract . angle - a page full of question in french . Chris 's pencil start to write something in french , then it wander . down the page and write , ' Sarah 's in flowery script . he lift he gaze across the int french classroom - day past all the student enmesh in they french test to see : sarah . he just keep look at she . finally Sarah glance up to find Chris , who smile he dopey smile at she . : thepot , , _ regardez la page , mssr. hooker ... mssr. ' hooker ! bonnie look at Sarah . they stifle giggle . ext . school - day Sarah and bonnie be move with the crowd towards the chapel . each be struggle with a large stack of book . Chris catch |up with they . to a de CHRIS Sarah ... how 's it hangin’ ? sarah : ' it 's hangin’ . . ‘ne Girls keep walk . CHRIS listen , I , uh , want to talk to you . you know ... I have say some nasty thing . I have like to apologize . I mean , I be sorry ... so you hate I , right ?. : Sarah do not want to look at bonnie . she 's afraid they will both bust up laugh . . sarah I really do not chink about you that much . CHRIS really ? that 's harsh ... listen , when you be a guy , and I be , people expect - thing , you know ? sarah / have you tell you friend ? CHRIS what ? sarah that you lie about I . . CHRIS no ... but I be go . to ... tomorrow . that 's what I be go to do . I be go to straighten the whole thing out . sarah good . CHRIS can I sit with you in mass ? sarah I do not care . they go into : int . chapel - day the Chapel be full as Sarah , bonnie and Chris enter , bow , and make they way up the aisle . S just when they be 2 smile to bonnie and turn to Chris , in full view of everybody . sarah ( be : the book ) could you be a dear and carry this ?. I be about to collapse . Chris kind of check out the crowd in the corner of he eye and laugh nervously . he definitely do not want to do this , but he can not help himself . CHRIS yeah . okay . Sarah hand he the stack . sarah and hers too . bonnie 's go on top . they girl head for a seat , and Chris follow . '' everyone have just see this . in the crowd - trey and mitt and the other jock . trey ( whisper ) * awwwwwwww ! ai not that sweet ! mitt i ! . ( whisper ) Chris ! can you carry my groin cup to football for I ?! kide start laughing . everybody . Chris turn bright red , gritting he tooth , but smile a angry priest start . shushing people . in the crowd - rochelle and Nancy see . rochelle look like somebody 's magic be workin remember when you do a love spell one . time ? you rubbed that herb ail over you body and all you get be that gross rash ? who do you do trat love spell on ? nancy ( icy ) I do not remember . for .. rochelle . it be on Chris ! that 's right ! how funny . you have like the total crush on hi '' Nancy steam . int . hospital lobby - night bonnie and she mother , mrs . mack , be wait , nervously . bonnie have 'a small suitcase . a young doctor approach . doctor be you ready , bonnie ? bonnie yeah ... int . office -. night the Doctor be go over a lot of paperwork . bonnie 's mother be signing in several place . doctor : I have tell you this before , but I want to be really clear . this be a very experimental procedure , and we cannot make any warranty regard result or side - effect . I can tell you unofficially that there be little to no risk . this form of gene threpapy be non-invasive . painful , but non-invasive ... bonnie look up sharply at the word ' painful 's . extreme close up -'of a robotic needle the needie be load with a clear gel . int . surgical chamber - night from above - bonnie be awake , on she stomach . her mother hold she hand . bonnie 's scar look especially bad , in cold , bright light . the needie descend into bonnie 's back . extreme close up - it hover a millimeter above the scar tissue . doctor hold very still . but keep breathe . stay relaxed . ov : 47 bonnie breathes . the needle suddenly start jutting into the skin , in row , in rapidfire succession , like a sewing machine , go rat - tat - tat - tat-tat-tat-tat ! bonnie scream . int . locker room - day the swim team be all vie for the mirror , fussing with they hair and clothes , chatting . rochelle waik in . : LAURA rochelle , I have to tell you , I be actually impressed with that last . dive today . rochelle ( sceptical ) really ? LAURA . . I swear . I think you could have win with that . ( to she friend ) . do not I say that , guy ? they all nod and say yes . rochelle be ready to believe she . LAURA ... in ' the cannonball competition . everybody laugh . Laura high fives several of the Girls , as she turn back to the mirror , comb ner long brown mane . LAURA wait a minute ... suddenly , Laura be hold a handful of hair . the Girls notice . somebody gasp : angle - in the mirror - there ’s.a three -inch-round patch of scalp where the hair come out . a girl oh my ' god ! rochelle watch , without expression . int . hospital hallway - night nurse scurry about . i of int . bonnie' hospital room - cont . Sarah be there , with a gift basket from the Girls . outside it be raining . sarah , . Sage for peace , sweet wine for contentment , elle for fashion , snackwelis for nosh , and this ... . ( hand she a rise ) .. for beauty . bonnie : bury she face in she arm . bonnie every morning I wake up , and for a few second I think I be normal ... and then I remember . nery ) ; I can not stop cry ... sarah do not. stop . -bonnie it would be so much easier if I could give up . sarah bonnie , make it work . bonnie how ? sarah everything you be feel , the pain , thac will make it happen ... a tear run down bonnie 's cheek . Sarah instinctively catch it on she finger . . she take a glass and rub the tear on the bottom of the glass . bonnie what be you do ...? Sarah open the carafe and pour in some wine . she light up | the sage stick . she douse the sage in the wine , it sizzle turn the liquid dark purple . Sarah dip she finger in - the wine , and , pull back bonnie 's sheet , she flick the liquid ali over the bandage . bonnie close she eye . bonnie it feel warm . Sarah whisper something , continue to flick the liquid . bonnie it ' 's get hot . ow ... outside the window there 's a gust of wind . bonnie Sarah ! it hurt ! suddenly the window fling open , and a gust of wind blow into the room , toss everything around . extreme close - up - surgical sissor be cut bandage . int . examining room - day bonnie , drape in a elaborate surgical shroud , sit with she mother and several nurse . the Doctor pause . doctor I want you .to remember that we may need to make several pass before we can see result . bonnie nod . the Doctor cut the section on bonnie 's back , behind she right shoulder , where she can not see . he peel back the bandage . red flaky skin . a nurse take a picture with a digital camera . the skin appear on a color enhanced computer screen where bonnie can see it . bonnie what be that ? be it better ? the doctaer . take a swab and dip it in solution : he wipe away the flaky material . the doctor face go blank . bonnie what .. , ? doctor just a minute . he cut some more , swab some more . bonnie waat do it look like ? mrs mack I can not see ... the nurse take a picture . the image appear on the computer screen . Mrs. mack look at it and start cry . bonnié -- something beautiful happen inside she . we. ' see bonnie 's back . underneath a layer of slimy disinfectant and flaky bit : glow healthy skin . the Doctor run he hand over bonnie 's back . doctor I can not believe it ... ( he laugh ) it work ... int . homeroom - morning Sarah be huddle with rochelle and Nancy in the back , while a teacher drone on read a announcement . thirty .or so student , still not fully awake . sarah she be suppose =o come today . have you talk to she ? rochelle no ... Nancy look over at : the entrance - bonnie swing in , wear a black cape . _ teacher _ homeroom start at 8:45 sharp . bonnie thanks for the info . scatter chuckle . as she cross in front of the whole room , bon : nonchalantly drop the cape . her knee - length plaid u skirt have be hike up to a mini , and she wear ac tank top instead of the requisite blouse . but most importantly , she skin , of wkich we see quite a io be £lawless , no scar , nothing . : St mouthes drop . whispering . everyone be stare . especially Trey and mitt. . mitt where would she come from ? ext . lawn 's - day the girl sit together admire bonnie 's new look . the 's sun giint off they . they be fluid , smile . - rochelle ( place a dandelion in bonnie 's hair ) amazing . totally amazing . bonnie Sarah bring I through it . she and Sarah hold hand . bonnie it 's weird ... I feel ... powerful . and maybe kind of stupid . I guess that go with be beautiful , right rochelle ? rochelle what ? they laugh . sarah you guy ... Sarah nod at something . angle - Chris , Trey and mitt be all clump together at the edge of the lawn , smile at they . the Girls laugh . a shadow fall over they . a administrator administrator miss Stewart , you be out of uniform . bonnie ( attitude ) be I ? tv screen - we see dr . bruce hensel . dr .* bruce a westside dermatologist be make claim of a very important discovery . use of a certain skin production gene can cause significant reduction in scar tissue ... int . nancy'' trailer home - night Nancy and she mother , Grace , be watch tv . her mother drink a tumbler full of scotch and ice . she smoke . nancy that 's bonnie 's doctor . he do not cure she . grace then who do ? suddenly the light go out . grace goddamnit to hell ... Grace get up and teeter down the hall , scotch in hand , throw open the door to the master bedroom where Ray be asleep still in he plumber 's uniform . grace do you pay the power bill ? Ray ...? Nancy 's get homework . ray Light a fuck candle . Grace come over and kick he . he just lie there . she kick he again , and this time he grab she foot , pull she down onto the bed . the tumbler of scotch fall . . : grace ~- Ray ! : he 's hold she down , roughly . it look harsh . but she 's familiar with it . he start to pull he . pants down . int . live room - cont . moving in on nancy sit quietly in the darkness , overhear . grace Ray ... Ray , that hurt I ! a we ray I do not care .. something fall over , crash . Nancy get up and run out the door . | int . sarah' bedroom - night all four Girls . : tv. pedicure . the phone ring next to rochelle . rochelle '' hello ...? yeah . ( make a face , whisper ) it 's Chris . Sarah shake she head . bonnie take the receiver . bonnie ' Sarah do not feel like talk to you . bonnie hang up , and they all laugh , except Nancy who hang over the ledge of the doorway to nowhere . bonnie notice . bonnie . why do not you wish for something ? nancy how can I wish for one thing when everything be wrong ? bonnie be specific . Nancy stew . the phone ring . bonnie lift it up and put it back down without even interrupt she pedicure . _ nancy I be sick of be poor white trash ... sarah you be not poor white trash . nancy I be poor . ( rochelle she 's white . nancy if it be not for Catholic charity I would not even be in school with you guy . sarah well , you be not . trash . nobody 's trash . rochelle except Laura lizzie . bonnie _ and Chris . sarah how do you explain the concept of poor . white trash to noah ? nancy T want ... more . - rochelle more be good . ext . mountain - sunset the Girls area move black frieze against the dazzle color of approach dusk . they move in circle around a fire , hold smoking smudge - stick aloft . int . kitchen - night two freeze dinner twirl in the microwave oven . Grace be pour two beer Nancy , in a thin robe , come out of the bathroom , and get a diet Coke out of the little fridge . she have to carefully scoot around Ray to avoid brush up against he . ray ( finger she robe ) I think I can see through that thing . Sarah swat he . he laugh , cough . grace Jesus , you be suppose to act like a father to the girl . ray I be not she father . her father 's the one - that pay you the fifty buck for a qaick : bang in the backseat . j he uw ul Grace slap he . Ray grab she arm and fling she down onto the floor . . ray godfuckingdammnit ! do not you ever hit I ! _ Ray puiis back with a clench fist when Nancy let loose a unearthiy scream . nancy stop it !I !!! and the microwave oven explode in a spray of spark . the light in the trailer flicker and off and on . Ray be puffing with anger . he step back , sit down . Grace look at Nancy . : grace what the hell be that ...? '' the curtain have catch FIRE . - gracé jump up , take a dish . towel , and smother the flame . smoke everywhere . the alarm start beeping . Ray try to stand up . he wince . he 's have trouble breathe . he stumble to the floor . } Ray ... grace : : int . ambulance - night Ray be strapped down’with a oxygen mask in he face , delerious , monitoring tabs ! across he chest , a erratic beat issue from a machine . the ambulance lurch to and for as it weave through traffic . Nancy and Grace sit next to he in between paramedics . suddenly the beat jump faster , then stop . the paramedics start yelling to each other , work on he . grace what 's happen to he ? Nancy stare coldy at Ray . ut ov int . trailer - day Grace , in a black dress , sit there with a tumbler full of scotch and ice . Nancy , also in black , look out the window . the door knock timidly and be open by ida , the neighbor , with a arrangement of flower . ida oh , Grace ’honey . how you doin ? they leave this on . my doorstep by mistake . ( put the flower on a table ) and there 's a man here to see you ... if you need anything , just hollor . ; grace thanks , ida . up step gangly young jeff , in a bad suit with a briefcase . ida linger by the door , not-too-discreetly listen in . : jeff hi , I be Jeff yate ( fumble for a card , nervous} * I be from interstate insurance . I know this be a difficult time , but it be procedure to ask just a few question before we can start processing the policy . he open he briefcase and papers fall out onto the floor . grace I do not understand , Jeff . what policy ? . jeff Mr. saunder have whole life pension plan through the company . and , with benefit of this . size , it 's standard to ... grace of what size ? '' jeff well , uh , ... a hundred and seventy five thousand dollar . outside the door , ida do a little dance . ida praise Jesus ! he shail provide ! Grace sit back , stunne . Nancy can not help it . she smile . angle up - a huge neo - deco apartment build ext . wilshire corridor - day bonnie , rochelle and Sarah get off a bus and make they way towards the building . int . lobby ~ cont . there 's a doorman and a receptionist behind a huge console . the Girls check in . int . hallway - the Girls amble across the plush carpete . Nancy open huge double door to : int . apartment = day spacious . huge dramatic window , marble fireplace . but no furniture , except for a jukebox and a couch make from the rear - end of a . ' 57 chevy . bonnie . cool . nancy we do not take anything from the trailer . I grab my baby picture and a diet Coke , and I be outta there . Grace be in the kitchen , fix a drink . rochelle pour over the jukebox . rochelle every song on here be by connie Francis ! Grace totter in , she highball tinkling . grace ever since I be a little girl I say ' all I want out of life isa jukebox that play nothing but connie Francis . rochelle ( utterly perplex ) oh. that 's nice ... Nancy lead the other into her bedroom - wo of a king -size bed and dozen of shopping bag fill with new clothes . nancy we go shopping . suddenly ' who 's sorry now ? 's echoe through the giant space . through the door - we spy Grace , in the dining room archway , deep in the throes of a empassion lip-synch of the song . nancy what a fuck basket - case .. , Nancy slam she door close . Nancy look straight at Sarah and come towards she . nancy now I think it 's time you give we a little lesson ... int .. nancy'' bedroom - night a half - eat pizza , haagen dahz , cigarettes . the Girls crowd around a full length mirror which have be laid down sideways to accomodate all of they . rochelle ( read ) caste vision be the oldest form of magic for witch . it start with night around the fire , shadow on the cave wail ... . Sarah close the book . sarah nevermind about that ... just feel . you feel it . you think about the other persoén 's eye , not yours , about what 's _ behind they . do not think about yourself . I know it 's difficult , Nancy ... Nancy smile coldy . int . nancy 's bedroom - a little later Sarah stare at Nancy 's reflection . they lock gaze . sarah fall into shadow . behind she there be a tremendous light [ like in the store . and on the bus ] . un with her silhouette collapse into a slip of smoke . then everything go back to normal . nancy wow . rochelle I do not see it . bonnie I either . . sarah you can only do it to one person at a time . nancy : '' I ' bet I could do it to all of you . Sarah scoff . sarah well , you can try it . they turn to . Nancy in the mirror . she close she eye . they wait . . - , Nancy place she hand on Sarah 's . without any light theatrics , Nancy morph into a male version of herself . male nancy woman ... if it be not for the pussy , I have say kill ‘em all . rochelle and bonnie burst into hysterics , knock the mirror over - crack . rochelle Nancy do it better ! : bonnie I want to learn ... . nancy - Sarah , look out ! behind Sarah be a huge snake about to crawl up . Sarah 's back . Sarah scream and lurch away . the snake dissolves into nothing . = 6 ° bonnie we be not suppose to use magic on each other . it 's witch law number one . nancy ( hold back a smile ) sorry ... Sarah be still shake . int . locker room -.day 1 rochelle luxuriate in the hot water , in seem solitude rochelle look down . on the floor - a clump of hair , not just stubble , long strand . she turn off the water and reach for a towel . we hear whimpering . we follow a trail of hair around a corner . Laura lizzie be sit in the corner , wrap in several towel , another drape across she head . she look 's freak . LAURA it keep fall out . she : pull the towel off she head . underneath - a ravage dome of scattered hair churp . bump boil , and fester scab . LAURA I do not understand ... behind rochelle , another of laura friend : sees. this . friend Laura ! other girl . come , push rochelle back . they gasp at Laura 's scaip . LAURA what the fuck do I ever do to deserve this ? rochelle and Laura lock gaze : cold exchange . a e's room - late night the four Girls be assemble , channel surfin roll on top of rochelle , to reach a ashtray rochelle cuugh . nancy I 'o not that heavy ... rochelle yeah , you be light as a feather , you cow . she pinch she on the butt . laughing . sarah ‘... Light as a feather . stiff as a board ... bonnie excuse. I ? sarah do you ever play that when 's you be a kid ? ' Light . as a feather . stiff as a board . 's nancy no , but it sound like a guy I date in ninth grade . bonnie 's room - moment later bonnie and Sarah be kneel around rochelle who lie om she back , arm fold over corpse-like . the only ligt i from the tv which drone on . sarah okay , you you just hold out the one finger , and you 's lift , but you have to think she 's incredibly light , like she 's make out . of air . bonnie : her whole body or just she head ? rochelle up yours , bitch . nancy Children . sarah come on .. try it . the three Girls stick they index finger underneath rochelle and lifc . everybody Light as a feather . stifz as a board . nothing happen . nancy ow . my finger 's break . bonnie : I think she be skinny . rochelle my bone be very dense . nancy oh please ... sarah ssssh . everybody concentrate . they try again , this time with more focus . everybody Light as a feather .. stiff as a board . suddenly the tv switch to a test pattern , fill the room with weird purple light . rochelle 's eye be close . she start to move upwards , but it 's hard to tell how far . from above - rochelle be drift towards we . a inch or so , but then more : six inch , a foot , three foot . finally they let she go . rochelle you guy , it be not work . she open she eye , midair . | rochelle '' whoa . sarah keep concentrate . do not let yoursel : fall . : bonnie be flabbergasted . bonnie this be awesome . 62 . or tw sarah ( to Nancy and bonnie ) here . do I . nancy no thanks . sarah I mean lift I up . Sarah ily down . Nancy and bonnie stick they finger underneath . |the 3 of they Light as a feather . stiff asa ... nancy . Jesus . Sarah 's already lift up , drift and wafting like a cloud of smoke . rochelle it 's .so simple . it ’s'so ... obvious . sarah & : boo. . Sarah pass rochelle who remain at about a three foot height , slowly rotate , rotisserie-style . bonnie fold she leg into the lotus position and lay she arm down to meditate . bonnie ooommmmmm . she lift up a few inch but remain rigid , leg akimbo . Sarah be bounce off the ceiling , emotionally and literaily . sarah se _ come on , Nancy . do not be a fraidy - cat . rochelle fraidy -cat , fraidy - cat ! Nancy glower and simply push against the floor with she right arm . she fly upwards . bonnie show off . while bonnie and rochelle iinger | down pelow , Sarah a : bounce around above , playfully shove and push , and shrieking . bonnie Sarah 's the big witch on the block today . nancy why ? . bonnie because she do this . ! . 1 nancy we do it . sarah jealous , Nancy ? nancy fuck off , bitch . Nancy shove she and Sarah crash into a nang Light | fixture . everybody laugh . rochelle catfight !! catfight !! sarah oh my God ! suddenly there 's pounding . bonnie' mother ( from outside the door ) bonnie ! what 's go on in there ? suddenly all of the Girls fali , bonnie , onto she butt scill in the lotus position , rochelle , right onto the floor on she belly , Nancy and Sarah , through bonnie 's lacey canopy onto opposite edge of she bed , ali of they . shrieking . int . hallway - cont . bonnie 's -mother , in a bathrobe , stand at the door . bonnie' mother honey , you be waking up the whole house ! bonnie ( from inside ) sorry , Mom . her mother walk away . int . bonnie 's room - cont . they wait and listen , wince with pain . ov you nancy bonnie , we break you bed . bonnie ( rub hex derriere ) nevermind . I break my butt . int . bonnie' parent 's room - cont . bonnie 's mother get back in bed . bonnie 's father rolis over . bonniex father what be they do ? bonnie' mother i.do not know ... but I hope they be not get high . she turn out the light . pavement whizzing by - a bright yellow mustang convertible slip into frame . bonnie , rochelle ; Sarah and Nancy , :- who be drive , ' talk and laugh . bonnie look more ' do 's , bigger hair , more makeup . ext . STREET - they come to a intersection and a ratty pickup slide in next to they , the driver , a low - budget Romeo . he leer at th girl . driver hi ... the Girls smirk . _ driver . _ do not we all meet at a party somewhere ? 's nancy yeah , that 's right . and you name be Dick ... Dick ; hole , be not ict ? the Girls all laugh . driver bitch ... nancy yeah , I be a bitch ... the light turn green and the pickup peel out . Nancy gun it to catch up with he . nancy .. we be all bitch . the driver look over . driver be p.o.v .- as the girl 's ' car slide up next =o he , we see bonnie , rochelle , Nancy and Sarah all have 's the face of dog : a labrador , a afghan , a bulldog and a dalmacian , respectively . they all bark and wave at he . the Driver be bug-ey . driver ahhhh ! he swerve away , and crash into a park car wham ! Nancy gun it down the street , laughing with rochelle and bonnie . Sarah laok exhilated , but worried . sarah you really should not do that . nancy do not be a party - pooper ! sarah I be just say it 's dangerous ... rochelle and bonnie party-pooper ! party-pooper-scooper ! super-duper-party-pooper-scooper int . front hallway at the 's baily 's - night " Roger baily be stand in the doorway with Chris . CHRIS well , when do you think she ’1ll be out of the bathtub ? roger I really could not say . she 's be know to stay in there for day at a time . CHRIS | ( concerned ) really ? ov ov 67 | roger no . | CHRIS oh . okay . '' ren just tell she Chris come | by ? | roger I will . CHRIS thank you , sir. Roger close the door after he . Sarah peek out from a ~ doorway . 's : roger . I be not sure I like this guy . I mean , I guess he 's fine . jenny ( pass through ) I think he 's a hunk . ' Sarah roll she eye . int . sarah' bedroom - night it 's late . Sarah 's in bed . CHRIS ( off ) ' Sarah ... Sarah ! Sarah get up and go to the window . CHRIS why do not you answer the phone ? ' . sarah . _ I do not really want to talk to you , Chris '' CHRIS oh ... I guess that 's a good reason . shit . I think about you a loc . sarah Chris ... ov wd CHRIS . and I be not sure why . be it weird to say I love you ? be that weird ? I have never say it before . Jesus . I have never feel it before . I feel so fuck strange ! what 's happen to I ?!?! the front door open and Sarah 's father come out with a broom , hold it fourth . roger time to go home , Chris . go on . Home ! he start prodding Chris away . / CHRIS okay , Mr. Bailey . I just happen to love you daughter . I be sorry . it happen . bye , Sarah ! he run off , stumble , keep go . Sarah do not laugh . int . nancy 's apartment - night Nancy come home . it 's late . we hear laughter . through the door to her mother' room - we see the back of a strange man do something , and Grace , lie next to he . Nancy come forward . gradually reveal : the man , a junkie , be fix up a work , get ready to inject himself with a hypodermic . nancy Mom ... Grace rouse , but she 's waste , slurring ... nancy what be you do ? grace hi , honey ... ooops . I know I say I be not gonna do this shit , but ... she laugh , fall back . grace it 's okay . we have get the money . we do not have '' to worry ... junkie ( zo Sarah ) you want I to fix you up ? Nancy actually think about it for a second , then walk away . int . candle shop - night tne four Girls come in , jingling the little metallic skeleton bell . the proprietor , lirio stand behind the counter : lirio my young friend ... what can I do for you ? rochelle we need provision . the Girls starz selectiong candle , herb , book . lirio you have be busy . a sly glance from bonnie . Sarah wander over to lirio . lean in so the other girl can not hear . sarah how can I undo a love spell ? . lirio undo ? when you open a floodgate , how . do you undo it ? you unleash something with a spell . there 's no un-do . it must run it 's course . nancy ( overhear ) why do not you just let Chris suffer ? he deserve it ... lirio it 's not for you to judge suffer ... nancy spare I . she bonnie come up and deposit she bag of herb , candle , stare . at the black curtain . bonnie when be we go to find out what 's behind there ? lirio start ringing up the purchase , say nothing . nancy just because we be young and beautiful , do not mean we be stupid . except in rochelle 's case . rochelle what ? sarah be it black magic behind the curtain ? lirio true magic be neither black nor white . it be both because nature be both . love and cruel . Ugly and beautiful . all at the same time . earthquake , sunrise , rattlesnake , rise . it keep a balance on it 's own . so you must not throw that balance out . understand ? rochelle not really . . Nancy . have pick up a book . she read to bonnie : nancy ( read ) ... to invoke a god be a great deal ; it be a guarantee of happiness , of power , even omnipotence . to invoke a god be practically the same as be a god oneself ... in the book - a illustration of a witch , seemingly electrify , eye bright with ecstasy . lirio have hear this . the Girls grave . lirio if you have a hole in you life , do not try to fill it with the Spirit . like. food or drug or sex . . nancy but at least I will not get fat , or brain damage , or disease . besides , what = fill my hole with be my business . laugh . liric step up to Nancy . she look . very lirio you can use the spirit or he can use you . Nancy take the book and move off , nonchalantly . int . candle shop - night | the Girls have all pay , they thing all in shopping bag . . | sarah thank you . she smile at lirio . Nancy bend down behind a shelf , hand Sarah she bag . : . sarah - what be you do ...? rochelle and bonnie hustle Sarah out . Nancy climb behind some box and lie down . ext . taco stand - night Sarah , rochelle and bonnie watch the candle shop froma - table . actually , bonnie be watch a group of good - look guy at - a nearby table . sarah why do not you teil 'my we be do this ? rochelle we think Nancy tell you . bonnie smile at one guy . bonnie ( call . out ) if you want it , come get it . the guy all laugh , embarrased . sarah what be you , ' Nancy : part two ? 's bonnie I have spend most of my life be a monster . now that I be not , I be have a good time . if you can not deal with it , fuck off . rochelle look . angle ~ the light inside the store goe out . int . candle shop - night muffled voice as the Girls appear outside the door . a litter of pickle fetal pig bob in a dusty jar of formaldehyde . ~ Nancy crawl out from behind the box , brush against the jar . it. fall - smash ! the pig scatter . Nancy freeze . int . lirio 's apartment ( upstair ) - night - cont . ancient and musty , fill with memorabilia , various religious icon . lirio rise from a day and turn the television down , listen . int . candle shop - night - cont . Nancy cover she nose , slink over to the door , and , hold the skeleton bell still , open the door . sarah ( whisper ) what 's that smell ? nancy ( whisper ) I break a jar . the Girls all see the pig . rochelle stifles a gasp . nancy ( whisper ) _ relax . she wave they on . they tiptoe through the pig . angle - moving toward the black curtain . Sarah do not look pleased . bonnie take she hand . we follow the girl as they move toward the curtain a through the doorway . . : 73 maintaining one continuous shot , we find it very bright on the other side . in fact , we be outside and it be daytime . ext . school lawn - day 11 in one shot , we move around the girl and see behind they , where we come from , nothing but a broad expanse of open space , lawn , tree , .a few student . Sarah , rochelle , Nancy and bonnie come to a stop , daze , utterly perplex . rochelle what ...? Sarah look at she watch . sarah it 's Thursday ... fifth period . nancy , do the same thing happen to everybody else as what happen to I ? . bonnie what the fuck ...? rochelle . this be just like that time I blank out after drink eight kamikaze at Fung lum except this time I be not waking up in a.pool of egg-roil vomit . nancy will you jerk shut up ? we have just do something amazing . I mean , I have . Sarah run off . nancy what 's wrong with you ? sarah I do not know . bonnie ( quietly ) she 's start to get on my nerve . a crack of lightning ! and a slow roll of thunder ext . mulhulland - murky day the mustang slip around a curve , go just a li fast . int . nancy'' car - cont . it 's claustraphobic with the hood down . the four Girls take up every available square inch . Nancy and Sarah be embroil in a heat discussion . | . | sarah you be miss the point . I know we can , but the point be whether or not we should . nancy if we can , we should . sarah but if you do not need something , why ask for it ? nancy because I want it . Nancy 's take the curve even faster now , closer to the edge . . sarah we have accomplish what we set out to do . I think we should stop . it as. like what lirio say , throw 's thing out of balance . we might get something now , but we will pay for it later . nancy be we really have a theological discussion ?!?! it 's fun ! it 's scary ! who care . what happen ? . sarah I just do not think we should invoke manon or the spirit or whatever . it 's ... I do not want to do it ... ( turn to rochelle and Nancy in back ) what do you guy think ? rochelle shrug . bonnie take a long drag from a cigarette ard glare at Sarah . nancy do not try and get they on you side . ( 2 ) es} sarah I be not , I just ... nancy be you part of this circle or not ? sarae of course I be . but I think it be a democracy , not a facist regime . and could you please slow down ? nancy oh ... sure ... suddenly , a pair of headlight 's flash around a‘corner , Nancy swerve away . the car spin out and slam sideways into a brick wall ! wham !! the Girls be throw around . a window be shattered . Nancy kick open she door and jump out . she pull the other Girls out . nancy anybody hurt ? they all look okay , but the ’car look bad , maybe totalled . they huddie in the rain , in shock , wonder what to do next . nancy . oh well . I be get sick of this thing ... maybe I will get a Range Rover . Sarah stare at Nancy . int . nancy 's apartment - night Nancy come in , soak . the place be empty . Nancy hit the jukebox . connie start belting out ' fallin’ . Nancy see a note , ' go : to Vegas with greg . not sure when we will be '' back . $ in drawer . Mom . 's Nancy look in the drawer : some crumpled up twenty . she pour a glass of wine . int . live room - night Nancy sit on the couch across from the juke box , a empty wine bottle and glass next , .to she . '' suddenly she throw the wine bottle at the glass dome over the turntable . | . the dome smashes , the record skip , the machinery SPARKS , and the juke box die . close up - a note be passed : '' let 's go to the beach . '' another note : '' you want a tan ? '' another : '' no , shit -head . '' int . biology lab - day Nancy and bonnie be write note to each other , rochelle pass they back and fourth .. Sarah sit next to they , actually pay attention to the dron teacher . Nancy see this and lean over . nancy ( whisper ) hey , professor . we be go on a field trip . sarah ( whisper ) where ? : nancy ( whisper ) to the beach . at dawn . for the solstice : sarah ( whisper ) I do not know ... Nancy be incense . she grab Sarah arm . nancy what do you mean , you do not know ?! teacher miss downs , I hate to interrupt you little social . gather ... int . hallway - just afterward the other three face Sarah . sarah why ? what 's the purpose ? nancy we want to give thanks to manon . small sacrifice . rochelle 's go to offer she brain . except that might be too small . rochelle ignore the remark . nancy listen , we be do this because we think you be right . we have be take and take . it 's time to give back . Sarah think ... int . bus - pre-dawn . ~ the girl be pensive as the bus make its way up pch . the only other passenger be a sleeping woman . ext . beach - pre-dawn four black silhouettes file across the sand against the coloring sky . breeze flap they clothes . rochelle step in Nancy 's 's footprint , bonnie in rochelle 's , Sarah in borinie 's . Nancy carry a tiny '' snake in a jar . bonnie , a butterfly in another jar . rochelle , a parakeet in a tiny wooden cage . Sarah , a baggie with a goldfish . ext . beach - bonnie finish lay a ring of stone in the sand . Nancy start a fire in the middle . | Sarah look at the snake in the.jar . sarah when I be at my lowest , before I try to , you know , kill myself , I think everything have turn into snake . everything ... : nancy ( _ ) do it bother you ? N , a sarah no , it 's small ... I do not care . nancy the serpent be very powerful . Zach girl place she offer inside the ring and sit . iz do bother she . 7 . , | ! | nancy okay ... ( concentrate ) manon ... ruler of . Earth , maker of wave , bringer of fire , I present this ... rochelle we ... nancy we present this modest sacrifice ... the Girls each light a black candie . they stand and move ina circle . nancy wind of the West , strong and true , aid we in we magical work on this , the shortest day , the longest night ... the wind stir , blow the Girls 's hair across they face . nancy serpent of old , ruler of deep , Guardian of the bitter Sea , show we you glory , we pray of thee , we pray of thee , we invoke thee ... Sarah be shocked . nancy come , and show we you glory . come unto we ... come unto ... sarah this be not thanks . you be try to invoke 's he ..- bonnie if we tell you , you would not have come ... the SUN near the horizon . Sarah get up and walk away . nancy get back in the ring ! Fish be jump up above the surface of the water . 792 rochelle | qs we want this ... } ! ) bonnie : I do not know what you nre so afraid of ... sarah I be not afraid . ° the goldfish flip and flap violently . : nancy please , Sarah ... Nancy hold out she hand . Sarah slowly come 's forward . they all clasp hand . far out at sea - a bolt of lightning charge down from a cloud to kiss the ocean . a slow , delay rumble . nancy show we you glory ... the parakeet beat against the cage , force its head through : slat . : . the wind thrashes . they . the sky turn dark . nancy manon , we invoke thee !!!! Nancy 's eye roll back in she head . she fall to the ground . nancy manon ...! fill I ...! the jar with the snake and butterfly shatter . the snake slither off and the butterfly be toss away in a violent gust . the wooden cage snap apart and the parakeet flap free . the bag burst open . the goldfish loll on the sand . Nancy be thrashing violently . the ground actually shake , a EARTHQUAKE . tee saran look at Nancy , the ocean , the snake . sidewind away . nae she feel the ground shaking . she 's awed , terrify . nancy fill I !!!!!! suddenly a huge bolt of lightning descend on US , finge nancy . nancy ahhh ! !!! everything turn white - then black - fade up - ext . beach - morning , how much later ? bonnie and rochelle be waking from a sleep . Sarah sit beside they , daze . rochelle ( groggy ) Jesus ... be he here ? the goldfish pathetically flap on the sand . ' Sarah gently pick it up and carry it to the water and let it go . then she see something . the ocean be calm now . not a cloud in the sky . and twenty yard out we see nancy , i face of water . Sarah be transfix . rochelle and bonnie watch as Nancy walk to shore . nancy do you feel he ? he bless I . he run through my vein . I still feel he . Nancy have a weird detach gleam . a siren . the Girls turn . up the beach there be some kind of commotion , crowd of onlooker , a tv news van . : and a coast guard jeep flash its chnerry - red . . the Girls get up to investigate . in the midst of the crowd - we dip down to find ... a great white shark , dead , eye and mouth bleed , have beach itself far onto shore . when Nancy see it , she start laugh . nancy beautiful ... Fucking beautiful ... look ... we lift up to see : all along the coast , more shark , some even bigger , perhaps fifteen , all dead , beach , bloody . nancy manon be great ... he love we ... this be how we know ... Sarah back away , horrify . she feel nauseous . rochelle and bonnie look blank . but Nancy just keep laugh , she eye glaze over in dement bliss . . nancy thank you , manon ! she get down and kiss the sand . nancy manon be great ! int . bus '- day as they ride home . bonnie sit by herself . Sarah whisper to rochelle : sarah something 's wrong ... Nancy face the sun , all of the window on she side of the bus down . she take in the wind , practically drink it , she hair blow around violently . nancy I have not feel this good in a long time ! suddenly all the light on the bus spark and sputter out . the driver be freaking . his control be seize up . the bus swerve . Nancy smile at Sarah : a frightening smile . int . cafeteria - day amid the lunchtime chaos - we find Sarah eat she lunch silently , Chris hunch over she shoulder . CHRIS : oo ) come on ... you look like you need Vo somebody to talk to anyway ... it 's lust . dinner ... why not ? be you too busy hang with you scary friend . . she turn to he . sarah alright ... tomorrow . he smile . : ii int . restaurant - night ~— ' it 's as nice a place as we can imagine Chris choose . he wear a coat and tie . Sarah 's a little underdressed . CHRIS : I be glad we be finally here , together . ( take she hand ) it just feel so right ... do not you think ? do not you feel this incredible thing go on between we ? sarah Chris ... CHRIS wait , do not answer . I be rush thing . I be go to relax now . we have wine come . we have the wnole evening . we have we whole life . right ? sarah right . a beat . CHRIS do you love I ? sarah _ Chris ... int . car - night Chris drive and Sarah ride silently . he turn up a quiet mountain drive . : sarah where be we go ? ext . STREET - night there 's nothing up here . he park the car . turn of light ... quiet . int . car - night sarah why do we stop here ? CHRIS to talk ... he sidle over to Sarah . sarah Chris , I know you feel really strongly , but have you ever stop to wonder why ? CHRIS that 's the thing about love . there 's no way to figure it out . sarah exactly ... CHRIS it do not matter . if you be ona surfboard and a tidal wave be come , you ride it . sarah even if you end up drown ? CHRIS ( kissing she neck ) I would drow myself in you , Sarah . he wrap he arm around she tightly . sarah Chris , take I home . Long - pause . CHRIS no . he start to stick he hand inside she blouse . she puil away , but he 's too strong . sarah Chris , stop it ! CHRIS no , goddamnit !!! you agreed to come !!! this be gonna happen !!! he rip open she shirt . she start fight he off . she reach for thé door handle , open it . a with na @ de ext . roadside - cont . they spill out , but he 's sctiil on top of she . he 's pull up she skirt , unbuttone he pants . he 's shaking , panting , like a animal . Sarah be terrify , cry . she control herself . . sarah . okay , okay . just let 's go of my arm . she kiss he . he smile , let go . CHRIS Sarah ... I have be want this so bad . she reach to touch he down there . his eye flutter with pleasure . then she wrench she face as if squeezing . he howl with pain . . she elbow he across the face and he 's . knock back . she get up and run . CHRIS Sarah !!!! what 's the matter with you ? he clutches at he groin . ext . brush - night Sarah scramble through the bush and tree in total darkness . CHRIS ( distant ) ~ Sarah ! let I give you a ride home ! no hard feeling ! the branch be reach out at she , scratch she skin , as she ' run . ext . rochelle '’s house - night Sarah stumble up the street , across the lawn , cry clutching at she rip clothes . she make it up the step and ring the doorbell . e 's mother open the door . ' rochell rochelle’s mother Sarah ? be you alright ? Sarah step back into shadow , turn away awkwardly . sarah or hi , Mrs. mack . yean , I be fine . I be ... tired , I guess ... be rochelle home ? rochelle 's mother step back suspiciously . rochelle run to the door . bonnie right behind she rochelle oh my God ... int . rochelle 's room - night Sarah be slump on rochelle 's bed wrap in one of ner bathrobe , eye red from cry : rochelle use a damp . cloth to wipe clean some of the scratch and cut . bonnie watch , nervous . sarah . : his eye be empty ... I have never see anything like that ... he ... bonnie when Nancy find out ... sarah no ! do not teil she ! bonnie why not ? we move around sarah . the Girls be quiet . sarah . ».. she do not . need to know . behind Sarah , in a shadow , something move . nancy if I do not know better ... Sarah whirl around . nancy ... I would say you do not trust I . sarah no ... I just think thac om on with oo nancy shut the fuck up . ( touch a scrape on Sarah 's cheek ) I want to talk to Chris about this ... sarah please do not . he would have never try this , if I have not ... nancy that 's how they have get away with it for so many century ! she 's a temptress ! she make he do it ! well , that do not work for I ! Chris use to grab at I at party after the game , drunk , victorious ! and I give he what he want ! and for that he treat I like a slut ! a glass of water sit on a table across the room shatter . sarah Nancy ... nancy -: . . . when Chris hurt you . he hurt all of we . we act as one . she kiss Sarah on the cheek . nancy there 's a party tonight , be not there ? rochelle at Trey 's . ext . STREET - night Nancy walk along the sidewalk . as she pass under each streetlamp , it flicker . Nancy be talking to herself , in angry burst . a lamp shatter with a bang in a shower of SPARKS . ext . trey 's house - night a big California tudor mansion with drunken kide spilling out onto the lawn . BMW 's and sporty nissan jam every conceivable parking spot . q . trey's - cont . shoulder to shoulder revelry . the drunken dionysian cult that be football . banner and crepe paper in the footbal team color : red and black . the front door - Nancy make a entrance . head turn . somebody what 's she do here ? Nancy scan the crowd . int . bedroom - night Chris be on a bed , ensconce by Trey and mitt and several other football : jock . Chris take swig from a bottle of Jack Daniels , very drunk . trey good game , Chris . _ CHRIS . fuck you too ..: they laugh . at the door - a girl run up . girl Nancy downs be here . she be totally not invite . i i CHRIS Nancy ? : he hand . the bottle to mitt and stumble out . int , stairwell - cont . on the gzand staircase we find Chris at the top and Nancy at the bottom . they meet in the middle . CHRIS what be you do here ? nancy look for you ... she nod towards a bedroom off a landing . nancy . could we talk in private ? int . master bedroom - night Chris walk in , Nancy right behind he . the door slam shut on its own . Chris whirl around . Nancy smile at he . the room be dark and romantic . / nancy just like old time , Chris ... we have some pretty hot moment . remember ? CHRIS I have be try to forget . Nancy be on she knee . she start to unbutton he fly . nancy how could you forget this ? he grab she hand . nancy not in the mood ? CHRIS not for a venereal disease . nancy Chris ... _ CHRIS ( let she go ) go away . Nancy rub she hand over she face , contort she feature . CHRIS be say go away ! Nancy 's 's nhands run over she face one more time ard she transform into sarah . till delerious from drink , Chris do a double take . CHRIS what the fuck ...? sarah ( whisper ) Chris , make love to I ... CHRIS Sarah ... od 0 he reach down and take she in he arm , kissing deepiy , rapaciously . ext . STREET in front of trey 's - night a cab pull up and Sarah , rochelle and bonnie get out . rochelle : we should not be here . : sarah neither should Nancy . they move up the front walkway . int . live room - cont . rochelie and Sarah make they way through the crowd . someone pull on rochelle 's arm : it 's Laura lizzie , in a wig , look terrify . LAURA rochelle ... how 's it go ? rochelle Fine . Sarah be talk to some girl who point upstairs . LAURA listen , I want to ... well , the thing be ... I have be do a lot of think ... I feel bad about some stuff ... a trickle of blood run down Laura 's forehead . Sarah move : away towards the stair int . master bedroom - night the display on a digital clock have go haywire . object on table , picture , box , be moving on they own . Chris , eye close , be deep in the throes of make love to ... we can not tell at first ... Nancy . his eye open and he get a good look at she . he stop , roll away , freak . ws CHRIS what the fuck be you do to I ? Nancy laugh . CHRIS you be a witch ! they be rignt ! nancy they always be . the door open and Sarah step in . nancy Sarah 's one too ... sarah one what ? nancy . the only reason you love she be because she cast a spell on you ... CHRIS '' no ... . nancy 's : yes . and that 's why I be here . to cure you of Sarah . : oy sarah Nancy , let 's go . ' nancy no. we ' | the door thunderously slam shut . Nancy start floating upward , she foot hang two foot off the ground . CHRIS _ mother fuck shit ... nancy but I can only think of one way to cure you . she start floating toward CHRIS . he back up , terrify . behind he - open french door , a balcony , and a precipitous gzop . - nancy '' ' I think you be such a worthless piece of woman-hate crap that you case be terminal . Nancy 's face contort into a grotesque version of herself and she fly at Chris . " terminallii:iii ! his back be to the railing . Three storey below guest mingle . CHRIS I be sorry if I ever hurt you feeling , Nancy . you too Sarah . Nancy roar with laughter . then : she lightly tap she index finger on Chris 's forehead , and he fall back . ' falling , slow motion , through space , towards a flagstone terrace . his head meet the ground and we hear bone snapping . close up - knuckle be crack . int . sarah be room - morning Sarah watch , sicken , as a male detective and he butch female assistant talk to she . Roger stand in the doorway . sarah he be drunk . he lose he balance . that 's it . Sarah shut down and turn to the window . the detective look annoyed . ' _ detective . ... okay . thank you , Sarah . that be so helpful . out sarah' window - Sarah watch . the detective and Assistant get in they unmark car , the detective give Sarah a look as they drive off . _ roger saran ... we be think maybe you might want to see someone about this , a doctor . Sarah turn inward , darken . roger I be not try to imply anything . I just want you to have someone to talk to . * because you certainly be not talk . to I ... Sarah cover she face and roll onto she bed . Roger leave she alone . * Sarah hear a noise in the bathroom , something small rolling . a exacto knife teeter off the sink , onto the tile floor . Sarah look at the knife , terrify . ext . nancy'' apartment build - day the detective and Assistant enter the building . int . hallway - day as they approach Nancy 's door . detective : let 's have a little fun with this girl . assistant okey dokey . int . nancy'' apartment - day Nancy face the two . nancy we be just talk : he be drunk off he ass . he trip . that be it . detective that ' 's not what Sarah Bailey say . nancy really ? detective she say you push hin . Nancy be blank , cool . will the nancy well ... Sarah be a liar . and she will suffer for she sin . int . sarah' room - night saran lie there , unable to sleep . there 's a slight scratching sound at the window , lurking behind curtain . Sarah get up and check the latch . more scratching . , she move the curtain back . outside - Nancy , bonnie and rochelle be float midair outside she second story window . they face be chalk white . rochelle we want to talk to you . ' sarah . about what ? / nancy your. suicide . they all fly towards the window , smashing it in . Glass fly everywhere . Sarah be flung against the far wall . they all keep fly toward Sarah , they hand grab ac she neck , grin and giggling , try to strangle she . then Sarah wake up . int . bedroom - night quiet . except for some . slight scratching sound at the window , lurking behind the curtain . , Sarah just stare at it . int . hallway -. day moving through the throng of student . _ everyone be whispering , stare at Sarah . a girl be face away to another girl , pull book out of she locker . girl no , I hear that they be argue over he because they both like he and Sarah freak out and push he , and ... her friend nudge she . the girl turn , pale , and hurry off , mortify . saran just stand in the middle of the hall , paralyze , eve. watch . int . bathroom - day '' Sarah come in . girl whisper to each other and hurry out . Sarah find a - stall - and lock herself in . she immediately start cry , sobbing , but try to remain silent , try to not lose it entirely . with she face bury in she arm , she do not notice : the latch on the stali door slowly slide . OPEN by itself . the door open ..- nancy hi. a jolt run through Sarah as she look up to see Nancy , rochelle and bonnie . nancy how be you buddy , the police ? sarah I do not say anything to the police . nancy . if I be you that 's what I have say too . ~ rochelle if you leave the ring , you better leave the school . bonnie and maybe the city . we be not sure . Sarah stare at they all . _ | nancy have you be sleep well ? with i eo a sarah what ? Nancy | and the Girls mimick they neck - ~strangi ing movement 29 } Sarah be shocked . they laugh . sarah why be you do this ? nancy : in the olden day , léave a coven mean death . they start off . '' bonnie see ya’ , but I wouldn 's t want to be ya 's . ext . lirio 's shop - afternoon Sarah run up - to the door . int . candle shop -_ Sarah come . in . the place be empty . she see the black curtain . she move to it . just as she 's about to reach it , a hand touch she shoulder and Sarah whirl around . it 's lirio . lirio child ... Sarah hug she , start cry . lirio lead she to a chair . lirio : what 's wrong ?. what trouble you so ? - / sarah my three friend ... they be use magic against I . '' lirio I could see this trouble come . the blonde one . sarah ( nodd ) - she kill someone at school . you have to ive I . something to fight they off . .o ov lirio look disturb by this . . lirio I can do nothing for you , child . sarah there 's get to be something . suddeniy a strange breeze move through the store , like a huge inhuman breath . Sarah look over : the black curtain be blow open , light spilling from inside . lirio take Sarah 's hand . lirio come . . she lead Sarah through the doorway into : | int . glass cover courtyard - cont . this be a old atrium with hugely overgrown tree and plant obscure the light from above except for a small pool of _ luminescence at the far end , where , in a shaft of afternoon sun , sit a ancient woman , the witch , ‘on a old wooden chair .. she turn to Sarah . she have one milky grey eye and one eye the color of blood . she smile , revealing row of rotting brown and miss tooth . she wave Sarah to come over . witch venga aqui , hija . venga ... lirio push Sarah forward , past the dozen of birdcage . hang from the gnarled bow . there be lizard on the wall , butterfly here and there . the arthritically wrench hand of the witch touch sarai cheek . by the way the witch look off we know she be blind . witch que bonita y joven ... no I tema . sientase ... lirio ( right behind Sarah ) she say do not be afraid . sit down . she will not put you in a trance like the other night when you come through here with th other ... Sarah sit at the witch 's foot . the witch take Sarah 's hand and touch she ring . she laugh , delighted and dement , babbling on in spanish . lirio : ( crasiate ) she : say this ring from you mother tell she 's many thing : you mother be a very powerful woman , very beautiful and strong . more spanish from the witch . lirio ( translate ) she know many thing . but she be afraid of she own power . and you be too . the witch tighten she grip on Sarah , continuing . lirio she say be strong . the craft be a bless ... sarah . . I never know my mother ... but sométime I think I remember she ... Sarah be softly cry . lirio hold she . suddenly the place be rip apart in a blast . a huge fireball pour in through the door from the shop . glass falis from the ceiling . the three woman be rock to the ground . the wall into the shop have crumble , the place be on FIRE , utterly destroy . . then suddenly , the entire scene meld back to i : 's normal state . silence . Sarah and lirio be terrify . a giggle from out front of the shop . a silhouette of Nancy move past a window . sarah it 's Nancy casting vision . the old witch make a remark . lirio ( translate ) she say it 's amateurish work , and she 's not impressed ... but personally I think it 's pretty good . sarah I be get out of here . the old witch grab Sarah 's arm , talk to she ernestly . lirio : she say remember this : no one can use magi : it 3 5 ; sarah lirio you will understand when you need to . ext . alley - dusk Sarah run in the shadow , the sound of siren come closer . it 's a bad neighborhood : homeless and gangbanger lurk everywhere . . . . she dart into 'a street and screeech ! a BMW Station wagon almost hit she . Inside the car be rochelle and bonnie . bonnie Sarah ! we have be look for you ... sarah ( back , away ) why ? bonnie Sarah , wait . thank God we find you . Nancy 's totally out of control . we think she 's try to kill you . it 's like she 's high on manon or something ... rochelle at school , we be just try to scare you because we be scared . we think you be go to tell everybody about the coven . Sarah ... get in the car ... Sarah be not sure . _. bonnie if Nancy find you ... rochelle we swear on we heart that we be not shitting you . rochelle open the door . Sarah come forward . int . BMW - night bonnie drive and rochelle look straight ahead . silence . sarah whose car. be this ? bonnie my mother 's . I do not even teil she I take it . . Sarah lean forward into the front seat area . sarah where be we go ? '' rochelle where do you want to go ? sarah Home , I guess . bonnie be you sure you want to go home ? rochelle it might not be a good idea . sarah why ? no answer . bonnie press a button that lock the door all around . Sarah lean back , wary . nancy be right there , sit up in the cargo section . nancy : because I know where you live . Sarah jolt , heart pound . Nancy climb up next to she . with will io nancy 40 Sarah ? what 's the matter ? you do not look so good . Sarah look in the rear view mirror . bonnie will not meet she glare . sarah what be you go to do to I ? nancy this . Nancy ' pull out . a ax , swing it around violently and bury it in she Sarah 's chest . death scream from Sarah . then the ax vanish . Nancy smile coyly . Sarah be hyperveritillating . nancy the question be , what be you go to do to yourself ? they come to a intersection . Sarah look blank . suddenly she explode in movement : slamming she . fist down on the button to unlock the door , diving out of the car . | i yy . ' } ! : bonnie ' shit ! rochelle grab.her ! i bonnie grab a leg , Nancy . some hair ; but it 's too late . Sarah slip away . : Sarah be run up a huge old flight of crumble stair flanking a hillside . bonnie take after she . nancy bonnie , nevermind ..! she can not hide from we . up the stair - Sarah be panting , heaving , the hundred of step . she pause , look back . the BMW peel out . Nancy hoot raucously and it echoe up the hill . ext . hillside road - night Hair askew , dirty , exhaust , Sarah trudge up a curving hillside road . headlights hit she from behind . she move out of the way . it 's -a woman and a child ina station wagon . . sarah please , stop ! please ! the woman lay on the horn and speed past she . ext . sarah' house - night the place look 's dark and quiet . Sarah limp up the front walkway . int . front hallway -.. night Sarah turn the ' light on . sarah hello ...? she check into the live room , kitchen ... nobody . she see the phone table . angle - the yellow page be open to the airline section . on a small pad be write a flight number and a departure time . suddenly the answering machine kick on . sarah' voice ( cry ) I can not take it here anymore . I be go back to San Francisco to ... I be just go home ... Goodbye ... I love you .. a with on just behind Sarah something explode in SOUND ... i the phone ringing . Sarah grab it . sarah hello ? 'sarah' voice ( over phone ) ... Goodbye ... I love you ... ( laugh , it turn into ... ) nancy'' voice pretty good , huh ? you parent must care a lot about you to just jump on the next flight . especially when fly be so dangerous ... sarah : what be you talk about ? . behind sarah - the tv burst on play the news . on the tv - footage of a devastating plane crash site . tv announcer ... f.a.a.. official have retrieve the black box and a full invetigation be pend . once again , Global Flight 321 from Los Angeles to San Francisco have crash with no survivor ... angle - the note read : '' Flight 321 - Global '' Sarah drop the phone . her eye flutter . she fall down , woozy , ; but do not pass out . she sit there . _ dizzy . we spin around her . and something else : the light be flickering . they go out . quiet , dapple moonlight through the window . . sarah - be lose touch , beyond afraid , sick with doom . she pick up the phone : it 's dead . she press on the hook . nothing . she get up , lock the front door and move upstairs . int . sarah' bedroom - night Sarah look out she window . Dark and quiet . the doorbell ring . int . stair - night she slowly tiptoe down the step . the doorbell again . above the wall in the staircase , behind Sarah , the shadow of tree branch sway slightly in the night breeze . we hear soft hissing . the tree shadow gr. -' fully turn into the shadow of giant snsx . Sarah do not see this . — more hissing . she move to the front door , silently . she peek through a side window . there 's nobody outside . ext . front porch - night - cont . she very cautiosly open the door . all ' quiet . then : the doorbell 's ring again . angle - the button be pressed without anybody press it . saran 's eye go wide . '' she back away . towards the street , back down the front step , then stop . : ' she 's stand on something strange . hissing . she look down : , she 's stand on snake , dozen of they . the camera pull back to reveal the front walkway , the lawn , the sidewalk , the street , be all compose of a huge teeming ' Mass of thousand and thousand of snake . it 's a ocean . it completely surround the house . Sarah turn very slowly . she see it all . she start shaking . she can not catch she breath . the snake hang from the tree . they cover a car . they pour out of a mailbox . a snake start to spiral up she leg towards she inner thigh sarah no ... she shake the snake off and tip forward onto the safe haven of ' the porch and back into the house . int . front hall - night - cont . Sarah robotically come in , close and lock the door . faint girl giggling . Sarah turn and run into the int . kitchen - night - cont . looking out the kitchen window - i i i ed_of snake , just like the front . at. the front door , something be pounding . Sarah run out . int . front hallway - cont . the front door be bowing with the monstrous force of a huge creature pound with all its might . pound , pound . Sarah see through the window the silhouette if something inhuman . sarah leave I alorie !!!!!! she back - up the stair . she duck into int . her room - cont . she lock she door , shove she dresser in front . we hear the front door break down - smash !!! huge footstep come up the stair . deep , inhuman breathing ( we nve hear ' it before ) . the doorknob turn . a massive body pounding . Sarah run into int . her_bathroom - cont . we hear furniture thrown out of the way , smashing . pound ! the wooden slat on the bathroom door splinter . pound ! Sarah , . back up , panicked , out of idea . she back into she shower , close the door , huddie in the corner , on the wet tile . smash !! the bathroom door shatter . the bumpy shower glass - we see a massive beast , snched , breathing deep resonant breath . _ through vague , } it see Sarah in the shower , move to she . it move close to the glass . the door open . as the glass pass , the shape turn into Nancy , grin . nancy gotcha . on sarah - it really make no difference to she now . she 's shift into another mode : cornere animal . Nancy lean in close . nancy you know ... if I be you , I have kill myself . Nancy 's hand be reach for something ... the shower handle . she turn it on full blast . Nancy slip . away . Sarah just sit there get soak until finally , .slowly , she get up and out of the stall . totally douse and drip , she walk out . there be no break door , no sign of the huge Beast . bedroom - cont . all be normal . except ... on the dresser - the black and white photo of Sarah 's mother in the garden . in the . photo - the tree be ' sway gently : Sarah 's mother look up and calmly smile at we . Sarah move on . hallway - top of the stair - Sarah come out , look . down numbly , start down the step . int . live . room - night she come . in and stand in the middle of the room . we be moving around her . Light and shadow . a empty chair . giggling . now rochelle sit there . Light shift . now rochelle be over by the window . sarah ..- where be my dad and Jenny ? nancy oh . you will be see they soon . rochelle as soon as you kill yourself . a empty archway . Sarah look : bonnie in the archway now . sarah no . Nancy dip down from a shadow over Sarah 's head , float . nancy what be you wait for ? now she 's go . : sarah ( softly ) I be not go to kill myself .:. bonnie what be that ? now a huge boa constrictor be gracefully and silently lowering itself from the ceiling , unseen by Sarah . sarah I do not want to kill myself . nancy you do not sound too sure . suddenly the snake coil around Sarah 's neck and wrap around . her eye bulge and she paw at the snake but it 's too tight . it start to lift she off the ground by the neck .. her foot kick violently . the snake morph into a rope . Sarah be be hang py the neck . Nancy watch . aed Sarah give a silent scream as she neck snap . she fall to che ground . no snake . no rope . she kneel there choke , rub she neck . : nancy . | if you do not want to kill yourself , then why be you fantasize about it ? sarah I be not fatasize about it .... , bonnie why do not she use magic on we ? nancy because she know it will not work . sarah ( remember ) no one can use magic against you if you do not let they . nancy . that 's right . : ( chant , monotonous ) now be the end : let she go in peace . all three now be the end . let she go in peace . now be the end . let she go in peace . Sarah get up . sarah there 's nothing behind that . you chant be empty . it have no power over I . Sarah look out the window - the landscape be normal , without a single snake . Sarah walk to the front hall . nancy come back here . just as Sarah pull open the door she be meet by Roger , jenn and a familiar woman . sarah dad ... she throw she arm around he . roger Sarah , we be so worried . sarah I be alright now . I mean , really alright . he look in she eye . . ' roger I want you to meet someone . the woman come forward . roger Sarah , this be you mother . Sarah look at she , in shock , not understanding . mother hello , Sarah . she hug Sarah who be speechless , 's on the verge of . tear . sarah how ...? mother nsmile ) you be dead . we all be . Sarah pull back to get another look at she , but it 's nancy , who kiss Sarah on the lip , then push she down on the floor . the front door slam close . nancy you be not leave . Nancy lean down in front of Sarah . nancy give I you hand . without think , Sarah do . and before she can even react , Nancy have take the exacto knife and zough Sarah 's wrist . blood run . Sarah stare at ict . sarah it 's not real ... nancy the fuck it be not . with lt9 Nancy smear the blood up she arm . . I sarah no ... she get up and run to the door , but rochelle be there to block it . Nancy grab a pen and start write a note . nancy ( read aloud ) mo , '' I kill Chris . I be sorry . Love , Sarah '' Nancy put the pen and the note in Sarah 's hand , and she drop they . on the floor - the note and the pen be smear in blood . nancy thanks . that 's perfect . Sarah run upstairs , panicked , bump into the wall . nancy I wish she would relax . int . sarah' bedroom - cont . she bound in , hold she wrist out , bump into a dresser and knock the photo of she mother off the table . the glass crack . she stumble into the bathroom - where she open the medicine cabinet . she fumble for some bandage , but the box only have a few small band - aid . Sarah slip to the floor , cry , hopeless . she see the photo on the floor . she crawl to it , touch the glass . she think . int . live room - night Nancy and the girl be sit there . rochelle and bonnie look very glum . rochelle I be just think ... '' nancy : please . I be not in the mood for any of you stupid-ass comment . rochelle you know , I be really not that stupid . nancy oh ? then exactly how stupid be you ...? Jesus . go upstairs and see if she 's dead yet . rochelle you do not say please . nancy do it now , or I will fuck kill you ! nan¢y lunge at she . afraid , rochelle get up . rochelle bonnie , come with I . int . upstair hallway - night rochelle be go . from room to .room . rochelle lo Sarah ...? be you dead yet ...? she meet up with bonnie . bonnie where be she ? int . sarah 's. bedroom - cont . they see blood drip and smear on the floor . . rochelle Gross . ' bonnie she be in here . the drip lead over to double door . rochelle open they to reveal a long , strange - looking hallway . - with flicker sconce . rochelle I do not remember this ... they step forward . downstair - with nancy - cont . we hear distant scream . . nancy bonnie ...? rochelle ...? she go upstairs . int . sarah 's room - night follow the drop of blood , she go to the double door , open they , see the hallway . Nancy stop . she pick up a book and throw it into the hallway . the book vanish , cause a soft gash . the image of the hallway dissipate like fog . Nancy turn around . nancy Nice try ... actually it be a pretty lame try . then out of the bathroom come a scream bloody Sarah , shove Nancy out the double door . Nancy fly out into the darkness . and then ... silence . Sarah creep forward and peer into the black . a crack of thunder and the sky flash , illuminate Nancy who lie motionless on the pavement , she neck be at a impossible angle . rochelle and bonnie be climb out of the bush nearby . a breeze stir the tree . a horn honk . ext . front of house - night Roger and Jenny be get out of a towtruck . Sarah come out the front door , walk right up and hug she father . roger . honey , we try to call , but there 's something wrong with the phone ... we have hl have the strangest day ... - ( see she wrist ) CA Sarah ! coat sarah do not worry ... I be fine now ... she pass out in he arm . fade to black - fade up - int . hospital room - day Sarah lie in bed , she wrist bandage , in a daze . a nurse stand over she . nurse - some friend be here to see you . the nurse go . in file rochelle and bonnie who have she arm in a sling . bonnie hi. rochelle how be you ? Sarah just stare at they . bonnie well , um , okay ... we want you to know that we be really sorry about you wrist and all . and it be not we idea to try | and kill you . and we hope you can forgive we . . rochelle and you be totally right about not '' abuse the craft . not that it really matter anymore . we lose all - we power ... do you still have any power ? Sarah look at they for a long time . sarah get out . rochelle we totally understand if you be mad . sarah get outil ! Mo bonnie and rochelle fumble for the door . dissolve tc - int . public library - day by the child 's section - mother and young daughter use filing in . a young girl see saran set up chair in a alcove . . young girl ( to she mother ) mommy , that 's the best reader ! mother ( barely listen ) thaz 's nice . i’1l see you in a hour , okay ? if you need I you have get my pager number and the car phone and the portable fax . she kiss she daughter and go . int . reading alcove - a bit later Sarah sit in front of the room with some fifteen young girl very intently listen . to she read a story . 's sarah oy . so the Old woman pack up she basket and go home ... Sarah check around : no adult in sight . she lock at the Girls . i . 4 4 . , the light start to dim . sarah ... but late that night all the animal in the forest come out to the wishing well ... ! very gradually , as if through a mist , a well appear just behind Sarah . a deer walk from behind a bookshelf . sarah ... they all want to know if the magical power be true ... a owl flap in and perches atop a shelf . rabbit hop by . : , butterfly flutter down . | b a the girl - be wide - eye . sarah and even though che Old woman have warn they about the well , they decide to try it anyway ... they would have to learn the lesson themselves ... a blackbird land atop the book . '' Sarah turn the page . fade out -