" T E R m I N a T o R " by James cameron registered wgaw fourth draft April 20 , 1983 -------------------------------------------------------------------- terminator A1 title sequence - slitscan effect A1 1 ext . schoolyard - night 1 silence . gradually the sound of distant traffic become audible . a low angle bound on one side by a chain - link fence and on the other by the one-story public school build - ing . spray-can hieroglyphics and distant streetlight sha - dow . this be a Los Angeles public school in a blue collar neighborhood . angle between school building , where a trash dumpster loom in a low angle , part of the clutter behind the gymnasium . a cat enter frame . camera dolly forward , prowling with he through the landscape of trash receptacle and shadow . close on cat , which freeze , alert , sense something just beyond human perception . a sourceless wind rise , and with it a keen whine . paper blow across the pavement . the cat yowls and hide under the dumpster . window rattle in they frame . the whine intensify , accompany now by a wash of frigid purple light . a concussion like a thunderclap right over - head blow in all the window face the yard . c.u . - cat , its eye be wide as the glare die . 1a /fx angle - dumpster 1a / fx electrical discharge arc from the dumpster to a water faucet and climb a drain pipe like a Jacob 's ladder . CUT to : 2 ext . schoolyard - night 2 slow pan as the sound of stray electrical crackling subside . frame come to rest on the figure of a naked man kneel , face away , in the previously empty yard . he stand , slowly . the man be in he late thirty , tall and powerfully build , move with graceful precision . c.u . - man , he facial feature reiterate the power of he body and be dominate by the eye , which be intense , blue and depthless . his hair be military short . this man be the terminator . he glance down , take calm inventory of himself , and notice that a fine white ash cover he skin . he brushes at it unconcernedly as he walk toward the fence , scan he surroundings . CUT to : 2a /fx crane shot - schoolyard / CITY - night 2a / fx camera move up as terminator approach the schoolyard fence beyond which be a embankment roll down in darkness to the cityscape below . the school be perch at the edge of a pro - montory offer a respectable view of the urban sprawl teem - ing and glisten under a sullen sky . the night cloud be shot through with occasional flash of lightning , presage a thunderstorm . terminator stand , hand on hip in prefect symmetry , gaze down at the city as the camera reach full height . CUT to : 3 ext . playground - night 3 a beer bottle smashes on the ground . pull back to include its ex-owner and he two compatriot , youth gang member , loung on the jungle gym of a desert playground . they sport nondescript punk regalia ... tear t-shirt , fatigue pants , combat boot or high - top sneaker , leather jacket . the leader notice something and sit up . leader ( point ) hey , hey ... what 's wrong with this picture ? angle - reverse , see past the loung tough , terminator walk naked into a pool of streetlight , stride purpose - fully toward they . angle - over terminator's shoulder , as he approach they . they slide from they perches and drop easily to the ground liquid shadow . leader Nice night for a walk , eh ? terminator stop right in front of they . terminator ( without inflec - tion ) Nice night for a walk . they surround he , all swagger and malign good humor . second punk washday tomorrow , huh ? nothing clean , right ? terminator eye they without expression , unhurry . reptilian . terminator nothing clean . right . leader this guy 's a couple brick short . terminator turn to the second punk , ignore the other . terminator you clothes . give they to I . the punk exchange glance , dismay . terminator ( coldly ) now . second punk ( brace ) fuck you , asshole . without warning terminator hammer - punch he in the temple with blind speed . the blow fling he with a clang into the jungle gym . he drop to the ground in a still heap , eye open , twitching . the leader whip out he switchblade and slashes in one motion . terminator duck back and catch the knife - wielder 's wrist in a inhuman grip . then he punch the leader with piledriver force just below the breastbone . angle - pavement , as the knife clatter down . the punk 's combat boot be on tiptoe , barely touch the ground . angle - two shot , terminator and the leader be close together as if dance , but motionless . they body be in total shadow . the punk 's eye be wide , he vein distend with a agonizing pressure . terminator jerk he fist back with a wet SOUND and the other drop out of frame . the last tough be stumbling away , gape with terror . he back into a chainlink fence , turn to run along it , find he be in a corner . terminator take a step toward he , he gaze ominous . the punk begin shakily stripping off he clothes . Thunder peal overhead . CUT to : 4 ext . STREET / nearby - night 4 a light rain begin to fall . terminator emerge onto the street from the playground , pause in the pool of light under a streetlight to hike the collar of the punk 's jacket . the rain stream down over he face , run into and over he eye . they do not blink . CUT to : 5 ext . downtown STREET / alley - night 5 another part of the city . seedy apartment and storefront . the street glisten , hiss with sporadic late night traffic . slow pan and dolly into the mouth of a narrow alley line with trash container and fire escape . from a recess doorway , two filthy leg sprawl out onto the wet pavement . a angry , inarticulate drunkard monologue rise occasionally above the rain sound . angle - doorway , the derelict rouse from he bitter stupor as a brilliant purple glare light up the wet brickwork around he . a shockwave hurl trash into the air . paint over window shatter . Rat scurry , blind . a figure drop into frame as if out of the sky and smack the pavement with a muddy splash . c.u . - derelict , as he blink at the fade glare , amaze . a naked man , compact and muscular , rise in a defensive crouch . kyle reese be 22 , but he face have be age by ordeal , the mouth hard , eye grim . a crinkle burn scar traverse one side of he face from chin to forehead . other scar , from burn and bullet , mar he hard - muscle body . the rain wash a fine coating of white ash from he skin as electrical arc lace back and forth between the fire escape behind he , hissing and sputter . the sound fade , then stop altogether , to be replace by a rise scream of animal agony . reese lurch to he foot and sprint across the alley . CUT to : 5a /fx omitted 5a / fx 6 omitted 6 7 ext . FIRE escape - night 7 camera move with reese as he leap to the fire escape and clamber up to the first landing to crouch beside another naked man who appear to be entangle in the ironwork . the man be contort with pain as he scream die to a shiver gasp . closer angle reveal that he have be skewer through the abdomen by the horizontal iron slat and through the shoulder by a railing . he have materialize in the same space occupy by the fire escape structure . the figure slump , motionless . reese quickly check for sign of life . the man be dead . reese descend to the alley floor and cross to the drunk huddle in the doorway . a pair of flamboyantly dress woman , obviously work girl , pass by the alley mouth . they do a double take when they see reese , but walk on without break stride , completely jade . he 's certainly not a potential customer . reese crouch down as if to speak to the drunk . derelict say , buddy ... do you see a real bright light ? CUT to : 8 ext . alley / same - night 8 a brilliant white glare stab into the alley mouth as a lapd cruiser glide slowly by on the street . the search - light illuminate the figure of reese , crouching over the sprawle drunk , just pull on the other 's trousers . the cruiser chirp to a stop . the door fly open and two cop leap out . first cop hold it , right there ! reese hitches he pants and bolt like a shot . the cop draw they gun and race into the alley after he . handheld camera or panaglide , rush with reese along the narrow alley . he vault a pile of tumble trashcan . whip around a corner . leap the hood of a park car in the cross alley . panaglide preceding cop , as they snake through the night maze . CUT to : 9 ext . cross alley - night 9 panaglide with reese as he hit a chain link gate at a dead run and scramble over it . 10 ext . alley junction - night 10 whip pan on cop , skid to a stop at the corner in time to see reese vault the fence . they separate . dolly with second cop , as he run to the gate . CUT to : 11 ext . alley / nearby - night 11 low panaglide with reese , run full tilt , display incredible agility . reese's Pov , the alley wall blur by . the view of a hot - wire rat in a urban maze . c.u . - reese , camera hugging he as he sprint and turn , alternately front - light , side - light and silhouett as the electric glare of the city wheel about he . angle - alley mouth , reese flash though intermittent cross-light in the b.g . another unit arrive out front and reese melt back into the alley , only to see a cop round the corner behind he . sandwich . reese crash into a steel door , rending the lock , and vanish into the darkness within . the newly arrive cop be a k - 9 unit . they open the back door of the squad car to release a large black doberman . CUT to : 12 int . department store - night 12 reese find himself among the display rack of a discount department store . a searchlight stab in the front window as he dash into the maze of aisle . Three cop enter behind he through the shattered door . fast panaglide with reese , as he crab-run low among the move shadow where flashlight quarter the darkness . he bolt the open space behind a display window . see the outside searchlight sweep toward he . freezes . angle - reese , he feral face freeze among the smooth - feature , smile mannequin . as the light pass , reese silently move on . angle - cop , pass the end of a long aisle b.g. while in the f.g. a hand enter frame , remove a knit shirt from a hanger . reese slip the shirt on quietly and do a fast crab-walk across the aisle to melt into the other rack and shadow , camera moving low with he . CUT to : 13 int . department store / aisle - night 13 with a shocking growl the police dog hurtle out of the shadow , leaping right at camera . angle - reese and dog , a dark blur with tooth , extremely doberman , fly toward reese . he spin . catch it by the throat in mid-air . arc it to the floor with unflinch precision . c.u . - doberman , suddenly on its back and hold by the throat , the dog yelp and stare at reese , who lean very close . inch from its eye he fix it with a gaze of uncompromis - ing dominance . some ancient communication seem to pass between the two . reese release the animal and turn he back on it , select a long overcoat from a rack . the dog back away from he , stiff - legge and confuse . CUT to : 14 int . department store - night 14 tracking with reese as he round a corner on the run , still shrugging into he long coat . running smack at he be another cop , gun aim . without slow , reese leap toward he , twist in mid-air like a cat . the cop fire . miss . go down under reese 's tackle and they slide together on the polished floor . before they even come to rest reese snatch the cop 's gun , aim it at the other 's face two-hand . reese what day be it ? the date ... cop Thursday ...uh ... May twelfth . reese ( viciously ) what year ? a shot whine off the metal side of a escalator behind reese 's head . he vault the escalator rail , leave the amaze cop lie on the floor . reese bound up the freeze step , pockete the .38 Police special in he coat . cop dash through the maze of aisle , converge at the escalator . CUT to : 15 int . department store / second floor - night 15 whip panning with reese , as he hurtle between display . he stop for a moment beside a rack of shoe . slap one of a pair of tennis shoe sole - to- sole against he bare foot . too small . another . holding the shoe he run on . CUT to : 16 ext . second floor FIRE escape landing - night 16 a door open quietly and reese slip out . camera track with he as he move like a panther along the narrow catwalk . tilt down to include the first lapd cruiser park at the mouth of the alley . CUT to : 17 ext . alley / STREET - night 17 reese drop cat-like beside the unattend police car . cautiously , he open the door of the cruiser , remove the riot gun , a ithaca pump model , from the dash rack and slip it under he coat . cradle in a vertical position , the shorten weapon be virtually invisible . he walk out onto the street and away , unhurriedly , a innocuous pedestrian soon lose in the rain . CUT to : 18 ext . STREET / nearby - night 18 reese enter a telephone booth . harsh light rake across he face , outline the long scar . he open the directory , leaf through it . angle - macro on page , reese 's finger slide down a column . stop beside the follow listing in the big metropolitan white page : connor , sarah connor , sarah ann connor , sarah J . dissolve to : 19 ext . CITY STREET - morning 19 the night 's rain have give way to a typical L.A. morning of diffuse sunlight . moving with a girl on a moped as she zip through traffic . sarah conner be 19 , small and delicate-feature . pretty in a flaw , accessible way . she do not stop the party when she walk in , but you would like to get to know she . her vulner - able quality mask a strength even she do not know exist . Sarah maneuver nimbly , apparently in a hurry . CUT to : 20 ext . big bob' restraunt - day 20 Sarah buzze into the parking lot of Big Bob 's family Restaurant and chain the mope to the icon of Big Bob himself . the fiberglass cherub hold up he mammoth hamburger in perpetual homage to whatever deity watch out for fat kid . Sarah remove a stack of college textbooks from the luggage carrier and tun to go into the restaurant . sarah ( to Big Bob ) watch this for I , big bun . CUT to : 21 int . big bob' / dine area 21 high wide shot prominently feature a video surveillance camera f.g. as Sarah enter below . she pass under another video eye as she cross the main floor of the wholesomely appoint eatery . Sarah go through the swinging staff door under a third camera . CUT to : 22 int . manager' office 22 the office be closet - like , light by the glow of several security monitor . chuck breen , day manager , pimply and officious , watch Sarah in a overhead view of the service corridor . he punch a switch and reach for a microphone on a studio gooseneck . CUT to : 23 int . service corridor 23 Sarah glance up as breen 's voice rasp from a ceiling speaker . breen ( v.o. ) Sarah ? she answer the empty hallway . sarah yes , Chuck ? breen come to the office , please . she turn back toward the office door at the end of the corridor . CUT to : 24 manager' office 24 Sarah open the door to breen 's closet control center . sarah Mission control to Chuck , come in ... breen ( without look up ) you be late . Sarah be undaunted . sarah be not I worth wait for ? breen not really . do you think you can get here on time if I put you on the floor as a waitress ? sarah ( grin ) I do not know . I kinda have my heart set on be a cashier the rest of my life . breen the pay 's the same but you will make more in tip . sarah thanks , Chuck . I need the money . can I still work the hour around my class ? breen turn to punch up a display on the restaurant 's small accounting computer . Sarah look over he shoulder as he modify the week 's schedule . breen mmm . same schedule 's okay . sarah alright ! breen ( gravely ) can you handle it ? sarah it 's not brain surgery , Chuck . breen hand she a apron ceremoniously . breen here you go . you be a Bob 's girl now . Nancy will check you out . sarah I will not let the fat kid down . CUT to : 25 omitted 25 26 int . locker room - day 26 angle - tight on locker door as it slam shut , revealing Sarah transformed into a " Bob 's girl " . her hair be in a bun . White blouse . short flare skirt and apron with a bow . she resemble a suburbanize peasant may look for a goat to milk . Sarah confront she reflection in the mirror , ponder its absurdity . she pinch she sheek . smile vacuously . sarah hi , I be Sarah and I will be you waitress . ( pause ) I be so wholesome , I could puke . CUT to : 27 ext . parking lot - day 27 tight on car side window , as a figure approach , reflect in the glass . a fist punch through the window , shatter it . the thief unlock the door and get behind the wheel . it 's terminator . CUT to : 28 int . yellow maverick - day 28 with a blow from the heel of he hand terminator smashes loose the ignition assembly and strip the wire with a brutal twist of he finger . touch the proper wire he start the car . CUT to : 28a ext . pawn shop - day 28a terminator walk past the long display window of a enormous pawnshop emporium . Signs declare , among other thing , gun and ammo be red block letter . terminator pass the appliance section , and the picture on a row of tv set distort and break - up sequentially as he walk by , return to normal behind he . he enter the store . CUT to : 29 int . pawn shop - day 29 tight on glass countertop as a ar- 180 assault rifle with scope be laid beside a number of other gun : a colt k - model .45 acp , a smith and wesson .38 four -inch , a beretta .225 acp . terminator ( v.o. ) ... the remington 1100 autoloader ... wide as the clerk , who look like a sick lizard , pallid and paunchy , take the rifle from a wall rack . he lay it beside the arsenal of perfectly legal anti-human artillery already on the glass counter . terminator scan expressionlessly for additional selec - tion . clerk anything else ? terminator a phase plasma pulse- laser in the forty watt range ... clerk ( annoyed ) just what you see , pal . he indicate the display case and wall rack with a minimal gesture . terminator the uzi 9 millimeter . clerk ( set it out ) you know you weapon , buddy . terminator examine each in turn , work the action with curt , precise movement . clerk ( continue ) any one of they 's ideal for home defense . which will it be ? terminator all . the clerk dig deep and find a scrap of a smile . clerk maybe I will close early . Cash or charge ? instead of replying , terminator take a box of shotgun shell from a stack on the display case . clerk sorry , I can not sell the ammo with the gun . you will have to --- hey ! terminator have calmly begin feed the shell into the shotgun . clerk ( continue ) you can not to that ... terminator ( evenly ) wrong . he raise the barrel and pull the trigger . the gun thunder . CUT to : 30 ext . gas station / phone booth - day 30 the yellow maverick pull to a stop beside a single phone booth . moving with terminator , as he get out , walk to the booth and rapidly pull its occupant out by he greasy T-shirt , fling he backward into the parking lot . the guy be bear-like , slab-handed , but terminator do not even glance back as he step in to take the man 's place . man ( outrage ) hey , man ... CUT to : 31 phone booth a woman 's voice , a faint reedy monologue , issue from the dangle receiver . terminator leaf rapidly through the directory . angle - c.u. page flipping angle - macro shot , as terminator 's finger come to rest beside a now - familiar list : connor , sarah CUT to : 32 int . big bob' / dine area Sarah be bustling about , try to service the start of the dinner rush . in waitress parlance , she 's ' in it ' . she run the gauntlet between table , precariously balance two full dinner plate on one arm and hand - carry a third . a customer tug on she apron for attention and she barely avert contribute the chili size to he wardrobe . customer honey , can I get that coffee now ? sarah yes sir , just a second . she reach she table after near collision with a mexican busboy and two teenage girl do cheerlead routine in lock -step . sarah who get the burly Burger ? customer two I order barbecue beef . customer three do mine come with fire ? customer four he 's get the barbecue beef , I have get a chili - beef deluxe . sarah okay , who get the burly beef ? customer at next table miss , we be ready to order . in the process of set down all the plate Sarah knock over someone 's water glass . sarah ( mop fran - tically ) oh , sorry . that 's not real leather , be it ? as she clean up the spill , a kid at the next booth reach over and dump a scoop of ice cream into the top pouch of Sarah 's apron she stare down at the mess melting over she hard - earn and sag with defeat . nancy , a plump , gum - chew waitress , stop beside she to whisper . nancy look at it this way : in a hundred year , who 's gonna care ? CUT to : 33 ext . suburban STREET - day angle on a standard - issue L.A. suburban street with kid racing Big wheel b.g . low angle with the frame comprise a single house , toy - litter lawn and mailbox . extreme f.g. , by the curb , be a child plastic truck . there be the sound of a car engine approach , and the front of the yellow maverick appear , stop at the curb . its front tire crush the toy . panaglide on terminator , precede he as he step out of the car , pause by the mailbox to check the name , and stride toward the house . a young boy , play in the driveway , watch he pass . the boy 's dog , a small terrier , growl low and mean , crouching back from terminator . he ring the doorbell and wait , motionless . the door open a few inch , hold by a security chain , revealing a frail middle - aged woman in apron and rubber clean glove . terminator Sarah connor ? woman no , she 's upstairs . who shall I say be -- terminator break the chain and push past she as if she do not exist . CUT to : 33A int . house / foyer 33A panaglide on terminator , precede he as he cross the foyer and mount the stair . the woman start after he . woman what do you think you be -- my God ! she gasp and stop in she track as terminator smoothly pull the .45 from under he jacket and snap the cock slide . woman ( screeching ) oh my God ... Sarah ! CUT to : 33b int . bedroom 33b install on she bed for a afternoon of ' soap ' be the wrong sarah connor . electrode pad exercise she doughy thigh as the 35 year old divorcee watch " general hospital " . she call out distractedly : wrong sarah connor what be it , Mom ? she jump as the door bang open . and stare in dumb amazement as the good-look , intense -ey man in the strange clothes raise a pistol . and aim it at she face . it all seem less real than " general hospital " in that half - second before he fire . CUT to : 33c int . foyer 33c the mother be fumble with a telephone when she hear the shot . the silence stretch for several beat . then five more shot be hear . the woman scream and drop the phone as she stare upward . angle on ceiling above she . with each successive shot a chuck of plaster explode off the ceiling . CUT to : 33d int . bedroom 33d low angle on terminator , stand with the .45 aim down at the dead woman , just out of frame on the floor . he unhurriedly remove the spend clip , reload the weapon and replace it under he jacket . crouch down , he turn the woman 's body over , confirm that she be dead . CUT to : 33e int . foyer 33e the mother be frantically dial the phone . she mis - dial , start over . then stop as she hear the bedroom door open . terminator stand at the head of the stair . his hand be bloody where he grasp the dead woman 's shoulder . he start down the stair . the mother stand paralyze , unable to breathe . he reach the main floor and walk toward she . she edge into a corner , eye wide . he reach out . and wipe he hand clean on she apron . terminator walk out , without expression , leave the woman to sag to the floor in a faint . CUT to : 34 int . / ext . service tunnel - day 34 tight on kyle reese's hand as they make the last few stroke with a hacksaw to sever the wooden stock from the riot gun . it clatter to the ground , leave a short stump , like a pistol grip . CUT wider as reese heft the weapon . he be crouch in a underground service tunnel below a busy street . shadows of people walk across a grate in the sidewalk above he flicker past . they can not see he in the darkness below they foot as he check the gun 's action carefully . he slip it under he overcoat where it hang from a jerry - rig sling . CUT to : 35 ext . STREET - day 35 reese emerge from a stairwell behind a service station , he overcoat do up to the top button . he walk through the sparse morning crowd on the cluttere , overbuilt commercial street . he be out of sync . a stranger in a strange land . he hold himself tightly rein , cautious and feral as he move among the unconcern pedestrian . his eye flick rapidly about . he be see this Babylon for the first time . reese stop at a hole - in- the- wall take - out stand . he watch people walk away with food . move closer . scrutinize the next man as he order . take -out customer gimme a falafel with yogurt dress and , uh , baco-bit . the counterman hand he he food and change wordlessly as reese step up . reese gimme a falafel with , uh , yogurt and baco-bit . the counterman barely look up as he pass the mess through the window . counterman that will be one-sixty . he glance up and reese be go . he lean half out the window . counterman ( continue ) hey ! son-of-a-bitch . CUT to : 35 ext . alley - day 35 reese crouch in a alley , out of sight of passersby , wolfing he food . the sauce run down he sleeve but he do not notice . CUT to : 35a int . big bob' / dine area - day 35 a a old man with a shrunken , ungenerous face scowl at the menu as Sarah wipe the tabletop in front of he . sarah I have not see you in here lately , Mr. Miller . mr. miller what 's it to ya ? sarah you must have a girlfriend . mr. miller that 's none of you business . sarah aha ! be she young ? Mr. Miller lower he menu and glare at she . mr. miller compare to I she be . how come you be not at the cash anymore ? they catch ya steal - ing ? sarah ( smile ) what 's it to ya ? when she leave , the old man be grin , behind the menu , where no one can see he . CUT to : 36 int . big bob' / service corridor 36 Sarah round the corner , walk fast as she undoe she apron . she call out to the wall without look up . sarah I be on break , Chuck . carla 's get my station . as she approach the locker room where the girl take they coffee break , the door burst open and Nancy beckon to Sarah . nancy ( excitedly ) hurry up . it 's about you ... I mean sort of ... come on ! CUT to : 37 int . big bob' / break room 37 Nancy guide Sarah to the small black and white portable tv in the corner . two other girl , smoking cigarettes with they shoe off and nylone foot on the table , be already watch . one glance at Sarah . waitress hey , Sarah . this be weird . they huddle around the set , intent on a newscast in progress . tv anchorwoman ... and a police spokesman at the scene refuse to speculate on a motive for the execution - style slay of the encino housewife . he do however say that a accurate description of the suspect have be compile from several witness . once again , Sarah connor , thirty - five , mother of two , brutally shot to death in she home this afternoon . as the news grind on , Sarah gaze unseeingly at the screen . Nancy clap she on the shoulder , laugh . nancy you be dead , honey . CUT to : 38 ext . health club - dusk 38 sunlight be die when Sarah swing she mope to the curb in front of the ' good life spa ' , a large , crowded health club . CUT to : 39 int . health club / aerobics studio 39 music boom and mass of leotard cellulite sway in close f.g. as camera dolly along a row of panting , stretch woman . in deep b.g. Sarah slip in through the door and wait against the wall while the human dynamo , ginger ventura , lead the class energetically . Ginger , Sarah 's roommate , be a party -stopper . red-haired , athletic , sensuous . she 's pretty enough when still , but stun in motion . and she 's in motion . Ginger yell command and cheerfully dive into contortion to the beat of a motown favorite . marco , a handsome , well - define guy wear a tight staff T-shirt , stroll up for a drink at the water fountain next to Sarah . marco hi. I have see you around . you be cute . cute I remember . sarah I be Sarah . Ginger 's roommate . marco yeah , right . I be Marco . the dance tape end . ginger ... and three aaand four ! and that 's it lady ! now , do not that feel good ? the group collapse ensemble . a chorus of groan . ginger let 's think positive or next time I will play the fm version . Ginger walk over to Sarah as the class disperse . Marco be lean on the wall next to Sarah , who be enjoy the attention . sarah ... yeah , really ? say some - thing in italian . before Marco can reply , Ginger pull the front of he gym short out and peer down . she shake she head . ginger you be waste you time , kiddo . let 's go . she grab Sarah by the arm and pull she out the door . Sarah catch a glimpse of Marco 's expression over she shoulder as the door close . CUT to : 40 int . health club / stair and corridor 40 panaglide with the two girl , as they descend to the first floor and enter a hallway Sarah be gasp with laughter . sarah ( weakly ) I do not believe you do that . Ginger be adjust she ever - present walkman - type cassette player at she hip . she slip on the earphone as they walk along . Sarah feign outrage . sarah ( continue ) I have he hook . he be just about to ask I out . I could tell . ginger that guy 's a jerk . I do you a favor . sarah I will do the same for you sometime . Sarah laugh and clap she friend on the back . they turn in at a door mark weight room . CUT to : 41 int . weight room 41 several angle , on glisten arm , leg , torso merge into bio-mechanical kinetic sculpture with the chrome - steel lever and tube . the crash and squeal of metal against metal . in f.g. , two conan-esque arm thrust upward , glisten . Ginger 's boyfriend , matt mccallister , the assistant manager of the club , strain out he last rep , bench - press enormous weight on the nautilus machine . despite he impose appearance , Matt be one of the warmest people you would ever want to meet . his face be contort , muscle knotted for the last push . he heave it up with a guttural cry . lower he weight with a clang , Matt lie panting , arm dangle at he side , eye close . a pair of female leg appear . ginger ( v.o. ) what 's this ? sleep therapy ? Matt open he eye . ginger ( continue ) you think somebody 's gonna do this for you ? look at that shrivel bi' . and you have not work lat 's or ab 's since Wednesday . matt ( smile ) hello , sweetheart . have a rough day ? ginger ( soften ) come here , wimp . she lean down as he sit up and they meet in a kiss that 's bad for the other guy ' discipline . Sarah wait until they break the clinch to speak . sarah hi , Matt . Matt look backwards over the bench , and reply , upside - down . matt ( grin broadly ) heeey ! it 's my favorite Sarah . hi , babe . Ginger pull the pin on Mat 's weight and re-insert it beneath the entire stack , the maximum weight . ginger alright , warm - up be over . back to work , bunky . Ginger readadjust she headphone as the two girl walk away . matt ' bye beautiful . you too , Ginger . two weightlifter nearby look at each other , than at Matt . weightlifter bunky ? CUT to : 42 ext . health club / street - dusk 42 Sarah lurch away from the curb on she mope , almost spilling Ginger who be attempt to ride double . they swing out onto a main thoroughfare and careen through the bumper - to- bumper traffic . Sarah maneuver deftly though overload and unstable . Ginger do not know whether to laugh of scream at the near-miss . she do both . CUT to : 43 omitted 43 44 ext . STREET / construction sight - dusk on a side street the girl pass a excavation site between high -rise . they pass out of frame as camera hold on the construction area and Ginger 's shriek fade . in the f.g. , under a overpass , reese sit be a car watch the powerful machine move earth . he 's in a late- model non- descript grey sedan , one of a row of car gather dirt beside the construction site . crab -arm back -hoe and massive caterpillar roar through a curtain of dust , under intense floodlight . a power-shovel move its great arm , lighting its own way with a arc-light . CUT to : 45 int . grey sedan 45 reese sit motionless in the dark . wait . the clock in the dash tick quietly . he flip on the radio . a fatuous pop rock station . reese fish a magazine off the dirty floor . his over - coat be off , drape over the shotgun on the seat beside he . his bare arm be sinewy and scar . reese flip the page of cosmopolitan . he look at the glossy photo , the glossy woman . fantasy woman . svelte and seamless . the ad fascinate he too : Caribbean vacation and blend whiskey . his head sag against the door . he gaze dully at the track of a pass caterpillar as they chew through the dirt . the road and clatter of tread intensify as he eye close . CUT to : 46 ext . melted ruins - night 46 tight on a gleaming steel tread as it grind through debris . the debris be ferroconcrete , girder , and jackstraw heaps of human bone , burn black . there be the sound of explosion , distant , and a intermittent electronic whine . incredibly bright searchlight play over the ground . panning with the move tread through twisted wreckage , f.g . the screen white out with a blast , very close . as the debris clatter down , a helmetted head snap up into frame , extreme f.g . the visor of the high - tech helmet be shattered , presumably by the explosion . the wearer rip it off , revealing a young reese , minus he burn scar . his face be bath in sweat , light by the glow from a crt scope - sight on a strange- look rifle . the sound of scream and hoarse shout not far off , and a continuous low murmure of radio chatter , grid coordinate , casualty , unit placement , medic request . reese look over he shoulder at he teammate , a girl of about sixteen , gaunt , dirty , heavily armed like himself . dollying as they start to belly crawl through the bone and wreckage . reese look up . through spire of a collapse building a terrifying sphinx - like shape move against the sky ... obscure by dust and blind sweep of its searchlight . though we see little , this be a h-k , Hunter - killer mobile ground - unit . reese crawl , pace the h -k , under and through , on elbow and knee , past mound of char skull . they pass the body of a child , a boy of about 10 , center - punch with a smoking hole . the boy clutches a rifle . more body . some in rag , some in uniform like theirs . women . old men . child . they be all dirty and gaunt , scabrous . and still bleed . reese scrabble past a dark rat-hole and there be human rat in it . some of they be sobbing , or scream . another explosion . the glare light the huddle few . human vermin with mud-cake weapon that have not be invent yet . Soldiers in a nightmare war . reese and he teammate stop behind a blast wall , have outflanke the massive h - k . its flash blue light flick across the wall , its searchlight sear through the debris . wider , show the h-k more clearly ... a blast - scar chrome leviathon , with hydraulic arm fold mantis- like against its ' torso ' , and huge underslung gun turret . reese leap up and straight - arm a satchel - charge into its path . one tread roll over the explosive . gun and searchlight swivel . the head turn ponderously . reese 's partner rise , poise to throw hers . a power - bolt catch she at the top of she arc , blowing her into red mist . reese be knock down by the concussion . get up , run , as the charge blow . the h - k 's tread carrier be ripped apart . it lurch to a stop , burn . the follow sequence be extremely foreshortened . CUT fast . impression only . running . explosion light the ruin like flashbulb . ENERGY weapon criss -cross the night like tracers . low angle , up past the burn h- k as its fly counter - part , a aerial h - k , arc into view with a turbojet whine . reese haul two survivor of he unit into a personnel carrier , a chevy camaro with steel plate weld over it and the roof cut away to access the 50 caliber machine gun . it 's stripped and rusted and bullet-riddled , glassless . the tire be off - road and very gnarly . they be drive through the ruin , up and over and through . reese drive like a demon . under other circumstance it would be consider insane . here it be merely very good . the machine gun chatter . a black shape descend , a demon with searchlight . a bolt of light . reese 's car flip like a kick beer can , roll and crumpling . he 's pin in the wreck , bloody , scream despite he training . the only other survivor , a emaciate boy of twelve , be pull for all he 's worth to drag reese out before it burn . CUT to : 47 ext . STREET / grey sedan - night 47 close on a boy , about twelve , clean and healthy , wear a blue plastic dodger helmet . he reach through the window of the sedan . boy hey , mister ...? CUT to : 48 int . grey sedan 48 reese 's eye open in a split -second , and suddenly there be a shotgun muzzle aimed right at US . reese quiver with a curious spasm , similar to the tremor of he arrival , and blink at the boy . the boy be white - face , stare down the bore . he back away . we see that he be straddle a bicycle . CUT to : 49 ext . grey sedan - night 49 the boy 's sister , slightly young and also on a bicycle , can not see the shotgun from where she 's wait . sister ( taunting ) see , I tell you he be not dead . you owe I baskin robbin . the boy ride past she list a shot . boy ( urgently ) come on . just come on . CUT to : 50 int . grey sedan 50 reese relax slowly , the voltage drain out of he . insert - macro , reese 's finger on the trigger be white with pressure . he slip the safety to the off position . the gun can now be fire . he set it on the seat and reach for the dangle ignition wire , start the car . CUT to : 51 ext . STREET / overpass - night 51 lit by streetlight , the car move away with it light off and vanish in the shadow . CUT to : 52 omitted 52 53 int . sarah' apartment / bathroom / live room - night 53 Sarah and Ginger be cramme into the tiny bathroom , become inextricably tangle in each other 's cord as they blow - dry , curl hair , and apply make - up . Ginger have she headphone invert under she chin but in place , and be bounce to music as she dry she hair . she be wear a short terry - cloth bathrobe that reveal the great part of she leg . Sarah be in a skirt and bra . the phone ring and Sarah go out into the live room to get it . sarah ( answer the phone ) hello ? voice ( v.o. ) ( on phone , deep and breathy ) first I be go to rip the button off you blouse , one by one ... then run my tongue along you neck , down to you bare , gleam breast ... Sarah cup she hand over the mouthpiece and call out matter - of - factly : sarah Ginger ! it 's Matt . she resume listen . matt ( v.o. ) ... and then slowly pull you jeans off inch by inch and lick you belly in circle , further and further down ... then I will pull off you panty with my tooth ... Sarah be repress laughter . sarah ( crossly ) who be this ? silence . then Matt realize to he horror who he 's be talk to . matt ( v.o. ) oh my God ! Sarah ! oh , shit . Jesus , I be sorry . I think you be ... can I talk to Ginger ? sarah sure , bunky . as Ginger approach , Sarah hand she the receiver and go into the bedroom . ginger hello ? matt ( v.o. ) first I be gonna rip the button off you blouse ... CUT to : 54 bedroom Sarah pick up four blouse on hanger lie on the bed and go back into the hallway . CUT to : 55 int . live room Ginger be still listen to Matt , nodd , as Sarah enter and start hold the blouse against herself one by one for Ginger 's inspection . sarah what do you think ? ginger ( cover mouth - piece ) great . Sarah hold up another one . sarah how about this ? ginger great . sarah you be a big help . ginger ( advisory tone ) alright , the beige one . sarah I hate the beige one . ginger ( same advisory tone ) do not wear the beige one . Sarah gather up the blouse and walk out . sarah ( v.o. ) this guy 's probably a schmuck and I do not care what I wear . a couple of beat , and she 's back in the doorway with a concerned expression . sarah ( continue ) you think the beige ? CUT to : 56 ext . venice STREET - night a unmark car with a clamp - on light and siren blaring screech to the curb behind two mark black - and - white in front of a funky Venice apartment building . a small crowd be gather around the front step . lieutenant ed vukovich , homicide division , get out of the car and stride through the crowd . he 's fiftyish , short , but square and solid , a human bulldog go a little to paunch . he chew juicy fruit gum like a maniac : a chain - chewer . he 's homely as a old boot . and he 's not a smart cop , he 's a wise one ; rarer still . the onlooker , gather patiently for they ten second glimpse of something under a sheet , separate for he to pass . CUT to : 57 int . venice apartment build / stairwell /apartment camera panaglide ahead of vukovich , as he climb the switch - back staircase two step at a time . he pass two uniformed cop at the doorway of a second - floor apartment , and enter to find a quiet flurry of activity . several detective and a photographer prowl around , take evidence , take picture . in the center of the live room floor be the body of a young woman , crumpled face down in a small lake of blood . two bag of grocery lie split open on the floor in front of she . vukovich glance up as he be join by detective sgt . traxler . traxler be black , lean and very jade . vukovich give I the short version . traxler six shot at less than ten foot . weapon be a large caliber -- vukovich be look at the body . vukovich no shit . traxler turn to a pass detective . traxler come on. man . do not track it all over . it 's un - professional . he turn back to vukovich , gesture at the body . traxler ( continue ) okay , let 's see ... get a pos - itive on she . she 's Sarah connor , work as a legal -- vukovich ( interrupt ) that can not be right . that 's the name of the one Valley division mop up this after - noon . traxler slip something off he clipboard and hand it to the Lieutenant . traxler here 's she driver 's license . vukovich ( ponder ) you gotta be kid I . the new guy will be short - stroking it over this one . a one - day pattern killer . traxler I hate the weird one . CUT to : 58 int . sarah' apartment / bathroom 58 Sarah pose with Ginger in front of the mirror . they be dress , make - up , hair-style and ready . ginger ( study they reflection ) better than mortal man deserve . Sarah grin and go into the other room . CUT to : 59 int . live room Sarah walk around the room , search for something . sarah ( call ) Ginger , have you see pugsley ? Ginger enter , stop beside they phone answer machine . ginger not lately . do you check message ? sarah ( still look ) I think you do . she check under the couch , then behind the drape . she bend down . sarah ( from beside cur - tain ) come here young man . mind you mother . c.u . - pugsley , as the GREEN iguana cock its head , blink vapidly . resume wide , Sarah lift the three foot long lizard from he perch on the windowsill . she give the complacent reptile a kiss on its blunt snout . ginger ( groan ) totally nauseate . Sarah drape the lizard across she shoulder where it sit contentedly as she look for she purse . Ginger have be rewind the message tape . she punch play and a male voice be hear . voice ( record ) hi , Sarah ... Stan morsky . uh , something 's come up and it look like I will not be able to make it tonight . I be really sorry . call you in a day or so . sorry . ' bye . Sarah stand still , crestfallen . ginger that bum . so what if he have a porsche , he can not treat you like that ... it 's Friday night for crissake . sarah ( slumping ) I will live . ginger I will break he kneecap . Sarah resignedly slip pugsley off she shoulder . sarah you still love I , do not you , pugsley ? she place pugsley in a large terrarium with a ' beware of dog ' sign tape on the side . sarah ( continue ) I be go to a movie , kiddo . see ya ' . you and Matt have a good time . ginger ( as Sarah exit ) we will , kiddo . CUT to : 60 int . parking garage - night Sarah be a small figure in the shadow echoing garage of she building . converging dolly , pacing her , as she pass the stall with they inky shadow . the light near she mope be out . she fumble in the dark to unlock the chain . she look up . do she hear something ... mask by the rattle of the chain ? Pov - sarah , there be no movement for the length of the garage . on sarah - c.u. , inexplicably nervous . she stow the chain and start the bike . it whine reassuringly . Sarah jump on and whir out of the garage . CUT to : 61 int . car / nearby - night 61 Sarah be visible through the windshield as she pull onto the street . pan with her to reveal Kyle reese , hunch down in shadow , watch . he put the car in gear and pull out to follow she recede tail - light . streetlight flash across he face , in stark - line profile . mouth cruel where the scar tug at it . CUT to : 62 int . division headquarters - night 62 dollying with vukovich and traxler , as they pass through a group of reporter . mostly newspaper stringer but there be also one bored local tv minicam crew . reporter ... Lieutenant , be you aware that this two killing occur in the same order as they listing in the phone book ? vukovich no comment . he and traxler enter they office and shut the door . CUT to : 63 vukovich office 63 vukovich drop he gun in the wastebasket , pick up a cup of coffee from he desk and use it to wash down a handful of aspirin . traxler grimace . traxler that stuff 's two hour cold . vukovich ( nodd ab - sently ) I know . traxler ( eyeing he ) I put a cigarette out in it . vukovich , lose in think , turn on he suddenly . vukovich do you reach the next girl yet ? traxler no . keep get a answer - ing machine . vukovich send a unit . traxler I already do . no answer at the door and the apartment manager 's out . I be keep they there . vukovich call she . traxler I just call . vukovich call she again . traxler pick up the phone and begin to dial she number as vukovich set down he coffee cup , unwrap a stick of gum and pop it in he mouth . vukovich ( continue ) get a cigarette ? CUT to : 64 int . sarah' apartment - night 64 close on phone , connect to the answer machine . the outgo message trigger after the second ring . ginger' voice ( machine v.o. ) hi there . ( long pause ) ha ha ha , fool you . you be talk to a machine , but do not by shy , it 's okay . machine need love too , so talk to it and Ginger , that 's I , or Sarah will get back to you . wait for the beep . as the message play , camera dolly off the phone machine and down the corridor of the dark apartment . as the bedroom door draw near , Ginger 's record voice fade and be super - cede by cry and moan . CUT to : 65 int . bedroom 65 full shot , frame against the streetlit curtain , Ginger and Matt from a beautiful tableau of lovemake in silhouette . they perfect body glisten with backlight as they strain in passion . closer - tight two , revealing that Ginger be wear she earphone . Matt , without break rhythm , reach out to the night table and thumb the volume higher . Ginger cry out louder , apparently enjoy he sure touch on she volume control . CUT to : 66 int . division headquarters - night 66 traxler hang up the phone . traxler same shit . vukovich I can hear it now , it 's gonna be the goddamn ' phone Book killer ' . traxler I hate the press case . especially the weird press case . where you go ? vukovich ( head for the door ) to make a statement . I be gonna give they the name . maybe the jackal can help we out for once . he look at he watch , then straighten he tie . vukovich ( continue ) if they can get this on the tube by eleven , she may just call we . ( pause ) how do I look ? traxler like shit , boss . vukovich go out and the minicam light hit he as the door close . CUT to : 67 int . pizza parlor - night 67 tight on a tv screen , a news cast in progress . anchorman ( v.o. ) ... police have no further comment on the apparent similarity between the shoot death of a encino woman earlier today ... CUT wide to show Sarah watch the tv which be suspend over the bar . the place be a crowded , post - movie hangout , raucous with laughter and videogame . the newscast continue , ignore by all except Sarah . anchorman ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... and this almost identical kill two hour ago of a Venice resident with virtually the same name . Sarah Ann connor , a 24 year old legal secretary , be pronounce dead at the scene in she beachfront apartment ... a customer gesture for the bartender 's attention . customer hey , can we change this and catch the ball score . bartender ( reach for the knob ) sure . Sarah leap half over the bar , startling everyone . sarah ( shouting ) leave it where it be ! anchorman ( v.o. ) ... no other connection between the two victim have be estab - lished . ( pause ) on a lighter note , this be cause for celebration at the L.A. Zoo today , as ... Sarah leave she half - finish pizza and beer , get up in a daze . follow by puzzle glance , she make she way through the crowd . CUT to : 68 int . pizza parlor hallway 68 in the crowded hallway by the restroom , Sarah go to the single payphone and seize the directory . she flip rapidly through it , then stop , look down . she see that she name be next on the list . the book slip out of she finger . Sarah turn and scan the crowd . she 's get look , covert and otherwise , like any unaccom - pany girl on a Friday night . but be that all they mean ? Sarah back into the woman 's restroom . CUT to : 69 int . restroom 69 Sarah stumble numbly to the sink . she splashes she face with cold water . in the mirror she terrify reflection look back . why I ? she hear a loud clatter and spin around . it 's just a drunken woman fumble with a toilet stall door . Sarah edge back out into the corridor . CUT to : 70 int . hallway 70 Sarah walk stiffly to the pay phone . it 's out of order . CUT to : 71 ext . STREET / sidewalk - night 71 Sarah exit the pizza place into the sparse crowd on the sidewalk . as she pass a figure lean against the wall just outside , the man turn he head to watch she . it be reese , he gaze impassive . streetlight catch the burn scar on he cheek . he be motionless , sinister in he long coat . Sarah shudder . she walk on . Pov - sarah , on crowd , move toward and through approach group of pedestrian . they seem to be glance at she . be it always like that and she just never notice ? c.u . - sarah as she look over she shoulder . Pov - sarah , on pizza parlor doorway . reese be go . she resist the urge to run . on the opposite side of the street a lapd cruiser glide slowly by . Sarah be about to call out but a bus block she view and when it have pass , the car be turn away down a side street . she pass a large window with stoker be write on it , and duck quickly through the door . CUT to : 72 int . stoker be - night 72 angle through window , sarah f.g. , as reese approach . her knuckle clench white as he reach the entrance and walk by , unhurriedly , without a glance inside . she turn and scan the gloomy interior , which reveal itself to be less than savory . Pool table and upper-middle lowlife in submarine depth of smoky haze . Sarah draw stare , menace in they own right , as she weave between the pool table to the back of the bar . she hand be tremble as she drop a dime in the pay phone and dial . voice ( v.o. / recorded ) you have reach the Los Angeles Police Department emergency number . all line be busy . if you need a police car send out to you , please stay on the line ... Sarah hold the receiver press to she ear , glance around , fear feed on frustration . CUT to : 73 ext . sarah' apartment build - night 73 a lapd black - and - white sit at the curb in front of Sarah 's building with two cop inside , drink coffee . through the open window we hear the dispatcher 's voice on the radio . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ... two eleven in progress at Seven -eleven market , third and tamarac . one suspect believe to be armed ... the car pull out with light and siren on . a moment later , terminator round the corner of the building and climb the stair to the entryway . he survey the bank of call button , then turn to consider the bar security gate . CUT to : 74 int . sarah' apartment - night 74 panaglide with ginger as she tie she terry - cloth robe and , leave Matt in a dead sleep , pad through the dark apartment . down the hall , past the phone with traxler 's message . through the dark live room . she have she walkman in the pocket of she robe and bop to herself in the silent gloom as she enter the kitchen . when she open the refrigerator to remove snack fixing , the light briefly illuminate the kitchen and in that moment , something move in the f.g . tight on ginger , moving with her as she back toward the counter with she arm full of snack stuff . a sudden crash . a flurry of motion behind she . she spin , drop half she load . Ginger fumble for the lightswitch . revealing pugsley , sit there blink innocently among overturn spice bottle on the counter - top . ginger shoo . go on . I will make a belt out of you . pugsley disappear into a large fern by the window and Ginger set about she task , slather crunchy peanut butter on stalk of celery . CUT to : 75 int . bedroom 75 medium on matt , as rustling curtain play pattern of street - light over he sleep face . the sound of a faint breeze . in the b.g. be the balcony , empty . the slide door be open . tight on matt , as he eye open at the sound of a quiet , repeat clicking . up angle - past matt , as the five-inch blade of a industrial razor - knife reach full extension in terminator 's hand , right above he . it slashes viciously downward . Matt roll and the pillow be slit OPEN where he throat have be . matt whoah ! terminator catch he by the hair and slashed down again . Matt grab the wrist in both hand . the enormous muscle of he arm , which seem capable of bench press a Chrysler , strain and knot against the pressure of the killer 's single arm ... and still the blade move closer to he throat . with a final heave Matt deflect the down - pressure sideways and the blade snap with a clink against the headboard . handheld with matt as he roll off the bed , spin and slam he fist together into terminator 's temple . he pick up a brass deco lamp and bring it down with piledriver force . unperturbed , terminator knock the lamp away and hurl Matt over the bed . CUT to : 76 ext . balcony - night 76 Matt crash through the glass door and slam against the balcony railing . CUT to : 77 int . kitchen 77 oblivious to the noise , Ginger croon in rock - and - roll ecstasy , sing to a celery stalk as if it be a micro - phone . CUT to : 78 ext . / int . balcony and bedroom - night 78 Matt heave himself up , powerful body gleam with sweat and hurl himself upon the intruder . the titan crash into a dresser , reduce it to kindling . then into the closet door , exploding the full - length mirror . terminator place one hand on either side of Matt 's barrel chest . sink he finger into the flesh . a inhuman grip . Matt be raise off the floor , contort with agony , above the other 's head . CUT to : 79 int . hallway 79 dolly preceding ginger as she return from the kitchen with a plate full of celery stalk and a glass of milk . camera pass the close bedroom door and stop , as Ginger pause to set the plate on top of the glass , freeing one hand to open the door . a explosion of splinter in close f.g. as a shape smashes through the door right in front of she ... Matt 's body propel halfway through the door by enormous force . Ginger shriek and leap back , fling milk and all into the air . the door begin to open the pressure of Matt 's body create resistance . Ginger scream and back away . the door be wrench open and terminator step through with the massive .45 draw . handheld with ginger , the wall blur by as she run . tight on terminator as the pistol rise into frame , align with he eye . boom ! low fast dolly with ginger as the bullet punch into she shoulder , pitching she on she face outside the bathroom door . low wide angle as she crawl forward , gasp , drown . the implacable figure loom behind she . her expression be agony and reeling , nauseate terror . and incomprehension : why be I suddenly die ? her eye roll , show the white , like a horse tethere in a burn stable . CUT to : 80 int . bathroom 80 Ginger scrabble pathetically for a grip on the tile floor as she pull herself into the bathroom . she clutches the rim of the toilet . low angle past her , on terminator , as he stand behind she . pan up , off she . he take aim . and empty the clip . he calmly reload . CUT to : 81 int . hallway / bedroom 81 close on phone machine , as the telephone ring loudly in the ensue silence . terminator spin , draw a instantaneous bead on the source of the sound , but do not fire . ginger' voice ( record ) hi there . ( pause ) ha ha ha , fool you . you be talk to a machine ... c.u . - terminator , motionless , listen . ginger' voice ( record , continue ) ... but do not be shy , it 's okay . machine need love too ... terminator turn abruptly back to Ginger 's body . he turn it over , assure himself that she be dead . ginger' voice ( continue , record ) ... so talk to it and Ginger , that 's I , or Sarah will get back to you . wait for the beep . there be a loud tone and the income call be hear . sarah' voice ( on machine ) Ginger , this be Sarah ... terminator 's head snap back and he freeze , listen . he rise slowly as Sarah 's voice continue . tight on he unblinking eye . sarah' voice ( on machine , contin - uing ) ... I be in this sleazy bar call Stoker 's on pico but I be too scared to leave . I be really scared , kiddo ... CUT to : 82 int . stoker be bar - night 82 Sarah cup the telephone 's mouthpiece with she hand and glance around frequently . sarah ( continue , into phone ) ... I think somebody 's after I and I sure hope you play this soon ' cause I need you and Matt to come pick I up . the police keep transfer I around , but I be go to try they again . CUT to : 83 int . sarah' apartment / bedroom - night 83 sarah ( continue , b.g . ) the number here be 468-9175 . call I , kiddo . I need you . it 's Stoker 's on pico . bye . terminator be rapidly and methodically rifling the content of Sarah 's small desk . siren' wail , approach . he pick up a small card . e.c.u . - card . it be Sarah 's college i.d. card , complete with color photo of she . macro on picture . e.c.u . - terminator's eye as he toss the card down , after a fraction of a second 's scan . pick up something else . tight on sarah' address book , terminator pocket this and slip out the balcony door . climb over the railing , he be go . CUT to : 84 int . stoker be bar - night 84 Sarah be huddle , back to the wall , beside the phone . sarah ( on phone , upset ) ...look , Lieutenant ...uh , vukovich , do not put I on hold and do not transfer I to another department ... CUT to : 85 int . vukovich office - night 85 vukovich ( on phone ) I will not . now just relax . where be you ? ( pause ) yeah , I know it ...on pico . be you alright ? CUT to : 86 int . stoker be bat - night 86 sarah ( on phone ) yes , but I do not want to leave . I think this guy 's follow I . CUT to : 87 int . vukovich office - night 87 vukovich ( on phone ) alright , Ms. connor . listen carefully . you be in a public place , you will be safe ' till we get there . stay visible . do not go outside or in the restroom . I will be there in a few minute . he hang up and grab he coat , motion to traxler . vukovich let 's roll . CUT to : 88 int . stoker be bar - night 88 Sarah take a seat at a booth near the bar , and pick up a dog -ear menu , but can not concentrate on it . she look at she watch and glance around . CUT to : 89 ext . STREET - night 89 the yellow maverick hurtle along a empty street . closer angle as streetlight glare slashes across terminator 's face in flaring pulse . CUT to : 90 int . plain car - night 90 vukovich draw he colt python .357 Magnum and check the load . traxler be drive . vukovich let 's see how this guy like play hard - ball . CUT to : 91 int . stoker be bar - night 91 the waitress set a cup of coffee in front of Sarah . waitress anything else ? Sarah shake she head " no " and contemplate she tremble hand . she half - turn , catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror behind the bar . tight on sarah , reflect in the mirror . in the f.g. a man at the bar look up from he beer , straight into she eye . it be reese . he gaze at she coolly for a moment , then glance away . c.u . - sarah , feel trap , frantic . angle on front door as it open and a figure stand silhou - ette briefly against a streetlight . reese turn , he eye flicker to the mirror , the figure . c.u . - reese as he mechanically raise he beer . his knuckle be white . he slowly undoe the top button of he overcoat . there be a glint of metal in the shadow within . reese turn slowly on he barstool as the figure brushes past he , out - of-focus f.g. Sarah look up . e.c.u . - reese's hand slide slowly along polished steel , a caress . his finger slip through the triggerguard of the riot gun . medium on sarah , as the man stop in front of she in close f.g . he sit slowly in the booth opposite she . the angle be over he shoulder . sarah ( uncertainly ) Lieutenant vukovich ? reverse angle - it be not Lt. vukovich . terminator sit motionless for a beat . Blue eye so pure and deep . the eye of a saint , perhaps . the .45 be out and cocked and aimed directly at camera , almost in one motion . the bore seem enormous . back on sarah , over the gun barrel , she eye go wide . we hold a beat , like a freeze slice of nightmare . medium on reese as he whip the riot - gun to a hip -fire posi - tion , he overcoat fall back with a snap . he fire . on terminator , as the shotgun blast hit he arm and he fire , simultaneously . Sarah scream as the .45 round blow stuff out of the booth seat inch from she face . her hair be singe by burn gunpowder . a involuntary cry be punch out of she by the double concussion . reese be stroking up another shell as terminator half - rise from booth . over reese's shoulder , as he fire , cock the slide , fire again , advance on Sarah 's booth . terminator be blow backward over the center divider , crash through the glass and pitcher of beer on the table opposite , and onto the floor . Sarah be scream , scrunch down in the booth . terminator be lie on he back at the foot of a table - full of drunk patron . he have two rifle 12 gauge slug in he chest and one in the arm . the bar customer be freeze in the weird tableau , cower , gape . Sarah stop scream . reese stand motionless , gun aim . in the sudden silence , the sound of he cock the shotgun be abnormally loud . on terminator , very still . then he smoothly roll to a crouch and slip the uzi machine pistol from beneath he overcoat , where it have be hang - ing on a shoulder strap . he do not seem too impair as he swing around to fire . reese roll like a cat and come up fire . a burst from the uzi rake the bar where he stand . a orgy of shatter glass . total pandemonium . several angle as patron of the bar run , scream or dive for cover , depend upon they level of intelligence . reese slide through the glass to Sarah 's booth and seize she wrist . on terminator , kneel amid the chaos , raise the uzi one-hand . reese tug viciously on Sarah 's arm and she sprawl across the booth seat a moment before the divider and seat cushion erupt with hit from the uzi . angle on a running patron as a burst of 9 mm fire catch he in the chest . he pitch into Sarah 's booth , pin she . reese fire , duck , fire again . tables crash over . a window be blow out . a table candle roll into a pool of high - proof alcohol behind the bar . it ignites with a whoosh . reese feed two shell into the riot-gun . tight on terminator , a island of slow , precise movement amid the confusion . he drop a spend clip . reaches for another with he bloody hand . moving with reese as he vault the row of booth and start fire . at point blank range he unload the shotgun into terminator 's belly . CUT to : 92 int . / ext . stoker' / STREET - night 92 terminator crash backwards through two table and a plate glass window into the street . CUT to : 93 int . stoker be bar - night 93 the roaring fire behind the bar be spread very quickly . the air be thick with smoke . reese toss the uzi , for which he have no ammo , into the fire . he haul the dead man off Sarah and reach for she . tight on sarah , shrink away from reese , hysterical . when he grab she wrist she struggle , eye wide . c.u . - reese , very intense . reese come with I if you want to live . she look where he be point . CUT to : 94 ext . stoker' bar / STREET - night 94 terminator be rise unsteadily to he foot . shatter glass rain from he , except where it stick to he blood - drench shirt and coat . c.u . - terminator , as he slowly look up , he blue eye riveting straight into the camera . CUT to : 95 int . stoker be bar - night 95 c.u . - sarah , feel a lightning blot of terror great than she could ever imagine as the cold gaze fix on she . sarah ( awed whisper ) oh my God ... CUT to : 96 int . / ext . stoker be bar - night 96 panaglide preceding terminator as he clamber back through the window and start through the burn bar . CUT to : 97 int . stoker be bar - night 97 panaglide moving in on reese and sarah as he run , drag - ging she with he , toward the back . reverse on terminator , dollying as he crash through the wreckage in the swirl smoke , hurl burn table out of he way . CUT to : 98 int . kitchen / hallway / exit corridor 98 panaglide following reese and sarah , run headlong through the cluttere kitchen , then down a narrow back hallway . Sarah stumble and reese brutally pull she to she foot without slow . he hit a close door , which crash open . haul Sarah through , into another corridor . slam and blot-latch it . a instant later a impact from the far side tear the latch - screw half out of the wall . they run on . CUT to : 99 int . hallway - night 99 terminator take a step back from the close door and slam into it again . it start to give way . behind he the flame engulf a can of cleaning solvent . CUT to : 100 int . / ext . exit corridor / alley - night 100 reese and Sarah pelt down the narrow corridor , fling open the outside door and spin out into the alley . tight on door at far end . it splinter open and terminator sprint down the corridor . CUT to : 101 int . hallway - night 101 the clean solvent explode . CUT to : 102 int . exit corridor - night 102 dollying ahead of terminator , very fast , as he run full - throttle . behind he a fireball of superheate gas hurtle down the narrow hallway . he clear the outer door a instant before the tongue of flame roar out into the alley . CUT to : 103 ext . STREET in front of stoker be - night 103 vukovich 's plain car arrive , slew to a stop in the glass - litter street in front of the blaze building . he leap out , traxler right in behind he . vukovich ( shouting ) what the fuck be go on ? two lapd unit arrive behind they . he motion to the nearest one . vukovich ( continue ) cover the alley in back . he head for the inferno at a run . CUT to : 104 ext . alley behind stoker be - night 104 dollying with reese and sarah as they run through the dark alley . Sarah stumble over trashcan . reese pull she along mercilessly . whip - panning as they clear a corner . the b.g. be a blur . the night - maze be a blur in all of this shot . no static angle . relentless forward motion . CUT to : 105 / fx ext . alley - night 105 / fx behind they terminator be move with inhuman speed , bound like a panther , leaping trash can and other obstacle . tracking c.u . - terminator , catch the faintest glimpse of a red glow in the pupil of he eye as he pass through total shadow . CUT to : 106 /fx ext . alley / Pov - terminator ( handheld ) - night 106 / fx we know this be terminator 's Pov because Sarah and reese be just ahead of we . but the image be bizarre , alien . Bright and hyper-real . there be a hint of digitization , and the flee figure ahead be more luminous than the background , suggest infra-re . the margin of the frame be cramme with column of crt - type character : column of number and acronym . the data change more rapidly than any human eye could follow . there be no doubt that we be see as a machine would see . the sound effect be bright and clear , as if they be digitize and enhance as well . CUT to : 107 ext . adjoining alley - night 107 reese and Sarah turn a corner by carome off the wall without slow and pelt down a narrower alley . this one be line with a row of park car and connect to the street . there be little room to run . reese be reloading on the run , drop shell . behind they terminator enter the alley , gain . low angle , fast panaglide ahead of the flee pair . as they breast the last car reese shove Sarah hard , pitching she on she face to the pavement . he fling open the car door ... a shield . drop to the ground . fire into the gas tank of a car further back in the row just before terminator reach it . the car explode , fill the alley with fire . a inferno funnel between the enclose wall . angle on reese and sarah behind the car door as flame roar over the hood . on terminator , as he slide to a stop , cut off by the wall of flame . reese do not waste any time stuff Sarah into the car . climb in after and over she he twist two wire together and we recognize it as he steal grey sedan . the engine catch . a silhouette rocket out of the flame . terminator , leaping from the roof of the blaze car ahead , impact on the hood of reese 's car . his hair and coat be burn . CUT to : 108 int . / ext . grey sedan / alley - night 108 reese jam reverse and nail the throttle . the car back down the alley . terminator draw back he fist . punch into the windshield . Inside , Sarah be spray with glass as the killer 's fist shoot through . the lacerate finger grope for she . wide as the car shoot backwards out of the alley onto the street , narrowly miss a arrive lapd cruiser . Sarah plaster herself tightly into the seat as the finger grasp she blouse and pull . reese crank the wheel hard . CUT to : 109 ext . STREET - night 109 the sedan skid , slew sideways into a park car . terminator roll down off onto the pavement . reese 's car shoot forward . panning with sedan as it roar past vukovich , the gather minion of the burn building , a arrive fire truck ... shoot through a red light and continue to accel - erate . terminator get to a kneel position , then slowly stand . he pat out he smolder clothing as he watch he quarry escape . CUT to : 110 ext . STREET - night 110 on vukovich as he run to he car , exhort the nearby lapd guy to give pursuit , while traxler grab the radio . vukovich ( shouting ) go! go ! he 's get she . traxler ( overlap ) suspect westbound on Olympic . grey sedan . have hostage , repeat ... CUT to : 111 ext . STREET - night 111 low wide angle on the empty street , which be narrow and tightly line with park car . the roar of a engine build . the sedan , like a night - demon , hurtle out of the shadow with its light off , do ninety plus . CUT to : 112 int . grey sedan - night 112 Sarah be in a daze . paralyze . face bloodless . she be shiver silently , uncontrollably . her eye be wide , and it seem likely that she do not quite comprehend the roaring blur outside she window . reese ( calmly ) hold on . CUT to : 113 ext . CITY street - night 113 wide angle , close to sedan , and follow it as it hurtle around a corner in a expertly control slide . then a high speed sprint down the cross-street . reese squirrel the vehicle between a slow - move car ahead and oncoming traffic . a dive into another dark side street . CUT to : 114 int . gray sedan - night 114 reese drive with total , nerveless absorption . his eye flick to the mirror , to the road , over he shoulder , back ... and the world spin outside . with occasional glance to Sarah , he speak to she in a clipped , military voice . reese be you injure ? be you shot ? no response . he reach over and run he hand over she arm , leg , chest . Sarah flinch . she feel the blind panic boiling up within her . she push he hand away and open the door . reese slam she back in the seat and slap she . hard . reese ( continue ) do exactly what I say . exactly . do not move un - less I say . do not make a sound unless I say . do you understand ? as he speak he be lock the door and fasten Sarah 's seatbelt over she , cinching it very tightly , like you would for a child . she do not answer . reese ( continue / shouting ) do you understand ? sarah ( a whisper ) yes . do not hurt I . reese I be here to help you . reese , sergeant / tech -com , dn38416 ... Sarah stare numbly at he outstretch hand . with zero strength she automatically return he handshake . reese ( continue ) assign to protect you . you have be targetted for termination . CUT to : 115 ext . side STREET / alley - night 115 the wall of a narrow alley , inky black , frame a police cruiser park on the street beyond . firelight from the back of Stoker 's light the street garishly . a young cop stand beside the car talk via radio with the mike cord pull through the side window . he speak with a distinctive twang - - a displace southerner . cop ... I do not know , it look like it might spread to this furniture warehouse across the alley , the paint on the wall 's start to blister up ... the sweeping headlight of a turn car momentarily illuminate the face of terminator , motionless in the dark right in front of we . eye open . listen . cop ( continue ) better get another truck round to this side . terminator 's silhouette emerge from the blackness and stride purposefully toward the cop , camera follow . the officer whirl and reach for he gun but terminator fling he brutally into the side of the car , step over he and open the door . before get in he note the unit number on the roof : 143 . then he slide behind the wheel , slip the squad car into gear , and pull out . camera preceding car , hide wide angle , as it accelerate rapidly , until the line across the street be flash under it in a staccato rhythm . CUT to : 116 int . grey sedan - night 116 Sarah be slump way down in the seat , turn away from the window , try not to see the landscape reeling outside . sarah ( hoarse whisper ) this be a mistake . I have not do anything . reese no . but you will . it 's very important that you live . Sarah close she eye , as if to shut it all out . sarah I can not believe this be happen - ing . how could than man get up after you ... reese 's tone be equal part hatred and respect as he reply . reese not a man . a terminator . cyber dynamics model 101 . CUT to : 117 int . squad car - night 117 terminator drive expressionlessly , monitoring the babble from Central dispatch . he hear he number . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( filter ) ... suspect vehicle sighted on motor at pico , southbound . unit two - Zero - six and five - Seven , attempt intercept . unit one - four - Three , come in . terminator pick up the mike . he speak in a simulation of the young cop 's southern twang . terminator this be one - four - Three . West - bound on Olympic , approach overland . CUT to : 118 ext . santa monica freeway - night 118 the grey sedan move through traffic like a hell - bent wraith . reese have the hammer down . he handle the car with nerve of steel . CUT to : 119 ext . police helicopter - night 119 below , reese 's sedan snake along at 110 plus . the chopper , f.g. , drop toward it . pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) air-unit two . we be on he . westbound Santa monica at 405 . CUT to : 120 int . grey sedan - night 120 sarah a machine ? you mean , like a robot ? reese not a robot . cyborg. cybernetic organism . they have to yell over the roar of air through the break windshield . sarah but ...he be bleed . at that moment a blind light sear down on they from above . reese look over he leave shoulder and see a chp cruiser come alongside . reese just a second . keep you head down . CUT to : 121 ext . freeway - night 121 the helicopter be right above the , its spotlight burn on reese . the cruiser flank they , close . reese peel off to the right , inch in front of a tractor- trailer rig , brake hard and slide into a four- wheel drift through a curving off-ramp . the helicopter bank , follow . the cruiser swap end try to maneuver and slam broad - side into the guardrail . out of action . CUT to : 122 ext . off ramp / intersection - night 122 the sedan roar across the street without slow and vanish down a tree-line side street . CUT to : 123 ext . police helicopter - night 123 down angle - aerial past the chopper , f.g. , as its searchlight sweep over the close - knit treetop . CUT to : 124 ext . side STREET / intersection - night 124 the sedan skid around a corner , f.g. , as the searchlight filter in shaft through the tree further down the street , sweeping futility back and forth . CUT to : 125 ext . police helicopter - night 125 it hover indecisively , then bank off . pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) lose he . CUT to : 126 int . grey sedan - night 126 reese be ultra-alert , craning to look up , back , forward . reese good cover . ( pause ) alright . listen . the terminator 's a infil - tration unit . part man , part machine . underneath , it 's a hyperalloy combat chassis , mircoprocessor - control , fully armored . very tough ... he pause as they slide around another corner . CUT to : 127 ext . STREET - night 127 reese 's sedan glide out onto a main drag , very subdued . he turn the light on and blend with traffic . the helicopter cross laterally in the distance . CUT to : 128 int . grey sedan - night 128 reese ( continue ) but outside , it 's live human tissue . flesh , skin , hair ... blood . grown for the cyborg . sarah look , reese , I know you want to help , but ... reese ( cut she off ) pay attention . the 600 series have rubber skin . we spot they easy . but this be new . they look human . sweat , bad breath , everything . very hard to spot . I have to wait ' till he move on you before I could zero he . sarah hey , I be not stupid , y'know . they can not build anything like that yet . reese no. not yet . not for about forty year . reese be drive sedately for a low profile , but he eye rove constantly , search for a place to ditch the car . Sarah 's eye be alert as well , and she tone become a bit too cool . sarah so , it 's from the future , be that right ? reese one possible future . four you point of view . I do not know the tech stuff . sarah and you be from the future too ? reese right . they come to a red light and reese stop . sarah ( patronizingly ) right ... like a shot she unlatch the seatbelt , pull the door lock and have the door half open before reese can react . he catch she arm and haul she struggle back into the car . Sarah sink she tooth into he hand with all she strength . his grip do not slacken . slowly , without release she , he reach across with he other hand and shut the door . his face show no reaction . Sarah draw back and stare at the blood run down he arm from the bite , that at he grim , scar face . the light turn green and reese drive on . Sarah taste blood and wipe she mouth . reese ( coldly ) cyborg do not feel pain . I do . do not ... do that ... again . he wipe he hand on he pants . sarah ( weakly , plead - ing ) just let I go . reese ( slow , but intense ) listen . understand . that terminator be out there . it can not be reason with , it can not be bargain with ... it do not feel pity of remorse or fear ... and it absolutely will not stop . ever . until you be dead . Sarah slump in utter resignation . sarah ( quietly ) can you stop it ? reese do not look at she . reese maybe . with this weapon ... I do not know . CUT to : 129 ext . parking lot - night 129 reese 's car turn into the parking lot of a large hospital , acre of pavement dot with sporadic park car . CUT to : 130 ext . / int . terminator's cruiser - night 130 angle through windshield , on terminator , as he search . streetlight flare across rhythmically . CUT to : 131 ext . police helicopter - night 131 it move between two building , searchlight sweeping back and forth . down angle , past the chopper , as the circle of light move across a row of park car . it pass a grey sedan with a shattered windshield . flick back . hold . tighter on car , ground level , in the glare and propwash . it look empty . CUT to : 132 ext . parking lot / nearby - night 132 low angle dolly , moving with reese and sarah as they crawl behind a row of park car . he have firm hold of she arm but she seem to be cooperate . in the b.g. , the chopper hover , on the far side of the lot . reese approach the door of a late model brown buick which have be leave with its window partway down . he unlock it and they slip inside . CUT to : 133 ext . / int . terminator's cruiser - night 133 tight on terminator , through the windshield of the black - and - white . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( filter ) suspect vehicle locate at parking lot , Cedar and Glen - haven ... full shot as terminator 's cruiser slew in a radical turn and roar off in the opposite direction . CUT to : 134 int . / ext . brown buick / parking lot - night 134 reese use the butt of the shotgun to smash loose the ignition assembly . he begin work on the wire . a police cruiser appear , move slowly between the row of car . reese grab Sarah and pull she down to huddle below dash level . a moment later a spotlight flash across the seat above they . they hear the helicopter circle closer . sarah reese ... why I ? why do it want I ? they be lie very close , a force intimacy . reese 's voice be a urgent whisper , almost in she ear . a cruiser pass so close they can hear its radio clearly . reese there 's so much ... sarah tell I . just start at the beginning . reese muster he thought . and start . reese there be a war . a few year from now . nuclear war . the whole thing . all this -- his gesture include the car , the city , the world . reese ( continue ) -- everythingis go . just go . there be survivor . here . there . nobody know who start it . ( pause ) it be the machine . sarah I do not understand ... reese Defense network computer . new. powerful . hook into everything . trusted to run it all . they say it get smart ... a new order of intelli - gence . then it see all people as a threat , not just the one on the other side . decide out fate in a microsecond ... extermination . reese pause , and when he continue it 's less like a military briefing , quieter . reese ( continue ) do not see the war . I be bear after , in the ruin . grew up there . starve . hiding from the h - k' . sarah the what ? reese Hunter killer . patrol machine . build in automated factory . most of we be round up , put in camp ... for orderly disposal . he push up the sleeve of he jacket and show she a ten digit number etch on the skin of he forearm . beneath the number be a pattern of line like the auto - matic-price mark on product package . reese ( continue ) burn in by laser scan . ( pause ) some of we be keep alive ... to work . load body . the disposal unit run night and day . we be that close to go out forever ... the helicopter move overhead . its searchlight illum - inate the car interior , move on . before the rotor sound fad , reese start the car . CUT to : 135 ext . parking lot - night 135 several black - and -white be move among the park car , slowly . angle on terminator's cruiser roll along just above idle . he peer into the row of car , listen and see on level we can not . CUT to : 136 int . brown buick - night 136 reese be hold onto Sarah 's shoulder tightly . reese ( continue ) ... but there be one man ... who teach we to fight . to storm the wire of the camp . to smash that metal mother - fucker into junk . he turn it around ... he bring we back from the brink . ( pause ) his name be connor . John connor ... you son , Sarah . you unborn son . Sarah stare at he . CUT to : 137 ext . parking lot - night 137 the brown buick be f.g. as the nose of terminator 's cruiser appear behind it , move slowly . c.u . - terminator , scan . low angle , past the back of the buick , as terminator cruise by . the tailpipe , f.g. , puff quietly . terminator 's head snap around . his eye lock on reese 's car . he reach for he shotgun . CUT to : 138 int . buick - night 138 reese 's head jerk up , look in the mirror . CUT to : 139 ext . parking lot - night 139 reese 's car launch forward from its space , tire spin as terminator fire from the window of the cruiser . CUT to : 140 int . buick - night 140 the rear window explode and reese duck , then crank the wheel . CUT to : 141 ext . parking lot - night 141 reese and terminator race along opposite side of a row of car , approach the exit . the cruiser pull ahead and close diagonally as they clear the last car . reese see the other 's shotgun levele . he duck , steering blind , keep it floor . the windshield and side window explode inward . the buick slam into the black - and - white , spin it into a park truck . tire scream as the two car slew around head for the exit . several angle , as the police react . the chopper bank tight and dive across the top of the park car . cruiser race to converge . CUT to : 143 ext . STREET - night 143 low wide angle , preceding reese's buick as it hit the street , accelerate . terminator 's cruiser slide out behind it , fishtail , race forward . engine roar as the car go flat out . building lining the street become a blur . the chopper arc in behind they . legitimate police , light blaze , enter the pursuit one by one . low angle , moving with terminator's car as reese dodge across all lane ahead of it . terminator gain . they run a intersection at a hundred plus . CUT to : 144 int . buick - night 144 reese be feed he last two shell into the riot gun . reese ( yell ) steer ! holding the gun be both hand he lean out the window , still keep the throttle mashed down . Sarah grab the wheel , fight to control the car . CUT to : 145 ext . STREET / buick - night 145 moving with the buick , look back , as reese aim the shotgun , buffete by the windstream . terminator 's car , b.g. , overtake rapidly . sarah ( shouting ) reese ! CUT to : 146 int . buick - night 146 over sarah' shoulder as they approach a intersection ... red light they way and a alpha beta truck enter cross wise . CUT to : 147 ext . STREET / car - night 147 past terminator , f.g. , he shotgun aim as he come along side ... at reese . they be stare down each other 's barrel . CUT to : 148 int . buick - night 148 Sarah grab the shift lever . detail - shifter , as she slam it into reverse . CUT to : 149 ext . STREET / car - night 149 moving with both car as the buick skid with rear tire lock . reese and terminator FIRE simultaneously . tight on reese as the doorpost next to he shoulder be tear out by the other 's blast . on terminator , lean to see around he shattered wind - shield . too late . he hurtle into the intersection , past the skid buick . clip the back of the semi . spin radically . vault the curb in a screeching front - end roll . whip - panning with the cruiser as it crash upside - down through the counter area of a a &amp ; W. low angle as reese and Sarah slide to a stop in a cloud of tire smoke . transmission fluid pour out of the car like blood . a instant later they be surround by a assortment of lapd , sheriff' dept. , and chp car . the helicopter hover overhead . medium on sarah and reese , he raise he hand , through the side window , in plain sight . a phalanx of cop , gun draw , approach the car warily . Sarah look at reese . then at the cop . she open the door and run , staggering , toward they . vukovich step forward and pull she away to safety . c.u . - reese watch she go as a cop ease he door open . CUT to : 150 ext . a &amp ; W - night 150 two cop approach the overturn squad car jamme into the wreckage of the small building . they shine they flashlight inside . it be empty . the cyborg have vanished . a sign which read ' drive in ' detach from a awning and crash down across the crush auto . CUT to : 151 int . vukovich office - night 151 Sarah , huddle in a blanket , be site on a bench opposite vukovich 's desk . motionless . her eye be fix on the middle distance . she 's be cry . now she 's emptied out . the door open . at the sound of the latch Sarah jerk as if strike , and cringe involuntarily . vukovich enter with traxler and dr . peter silberman , a criminal psychologist . silberman be smooth of skin and manner , young , ambitious and ... fat . he be enthusiastic about the working of the human psyche , as emotionally involved as someone pull the wing off a fly . vukovich sit beside Sarah and hand she a cup of coffee . he put a paternal arm around she shoulder . vukovich here , drink some of this ... sarah ( voice flat , desperate ) Lieutenant , be you sure it 's they ? maybe I should see the ... body . vukovich they have already be identi - fied . there 's no doubt . Sarah begin to cry again , slowly and very quickly . sarah ( to herself ) of , God ... Ginger ... kiddo , I be so sorry . vukovich take the coffee cup from she as she arm sag and it start to spill . vukovich ( gently ) Sarah . ( pause ) Sarah , this be Dr. silber - man . I would like you to tell he everything reese say to you . do you feel up to it ? sarah ( almost in - audible ) I guess so . ( to silberman ) you be a doctor ? silberman a criminal psychologist . sarah be reese crazy ? silberman that 's what we be go to find out . CUT to : 152 int . HOTEL room - night 152 the room cost five dollar a night and that 's steep , but the FIRE escape outside the window add a element of strategic value . a silhouette slip in through the window and click on the single bare light bulb . it 's terminator , and he 's a mess . a bloody scarecrow with bullet wound in stomach , chest , shoulder and right wrist . medium on terminator as he sit at a ratty fold table under the light . his eyebrow be singe off . Hair a char stubble . Left eye glisten with imbed glass shard . before he on the table be a array of SMALL tool . he remove the char remain of he jacket and prop . one elbow on the table . angle past he non -functional right arm , f.g. , as he exam - ine it . he pick up a x-acto knife and cut deeply into the skin of he forearm . his expression be one of mild concentration . e.c.u . - forearm , as he pull back a large flap of skin to reveal a complex trunk of sheathed cable and hydraulics . they slide as he move he finger . resume medium , as terminator use a rag to wipe away the blood . with small screwdriver he begin to patiently dis - assemble the damage mechanism around the 12 - guage hit . CUT to : 153 int . division hq / interrogation room - night 153 the room be small , furnish with only a table and two chair . reese , he arm handcuff behind he , sit opposite Dr. silberman . behind silberman be a large mirror . a detective lean against the wall . silberman so . you be a soldier . Fighting for whom ? reese with the one thirty second under perry , from ' 21 to ' 27 - - silberman ( interrupt ) the year 2027 ? CUT to : 154 int . observation room 154 vukovich and traxler be seat in the dark room , watch reese , b.g. , through the two - way mirror . just behind the glass be a video camera on a tripod , aim at reese , and a cart hold a SMALL monitor and videocassette recorder . reese ( through speaker ) that 's right . traxler ( quietly , to vukovich ) this be fuck great . CUT to : 155 int . interrogation room 155 reese then I be assign recon / Security , last two year , under John connor . silberman and who be the enemy ? reese skynet . a computer defense system build for sac - norad by cyber dynamics . a modify Series 4800 . silberman ( gravely ) I see . and this ... computer , think it can win by kill the mother of its enemy , kill - ing he , in effect , before he be even conceive ? a sort of retroactive abortion ? reese yes . CUT to : 156 int . observation room 156 traxler snort and grin . traxler ( to vukovich ) that silberman just crack I up . ( pause ) he have this guy in here last week who set he afghan on fire . screw it first , then set it on -- vukovich ( lean forward ) shut up . CUT to : 157 int . interrogation room reese ... it have no choice . the defensive grid be smashed . we would take the mainframe ... we would win . take out connor then would make no difference . skynet have to wipe out he entire exist - ence . we capture the lab complex . found the ... what - ever it be call ... the time - displacement equipment . the terminator have already go through . they send two of we to intercept , then zeroed the whole place . sumner do not make it . silberman then how be you suppose to get back ? reese can not . nobody go home . nobody else come through . it 's just he and I . CUT to : 158 int . HOTEL room - night e.c.u . - terminator , in profile , show he lacerate eye . he be close to a mirror , practically touch it , stare intently . macro - x-acto knife lie on the dresser . terminator 's finger lift it . camera tilt to follow as it rise to he face , hold tight on leave eye . with a smooth motion the knife point enter the eyeball and cut away the ruin sclera and cornea , as well as part of the damage eyelid . he wipe with a rag to clear the electronic eye 's vision . revealing the faintly glow lens mechanism , suspend in a chrome socket by tiny servos . the eye whir quietly as it track . sequence of shot , show various repair . terminator 's right hand , its wrist suture crudely , hold a needle and sewing thread and start to work on abdominal wound out of frame below . he slip a glove over the damage hand . a motor cap over the blister scalp . a fresh shirt to hide he body wound . this be follow by a new overcoat . c.u . - terminator , contemplate he reflection in the mirror . with the hat pull down , the collar pull up , and favor he right profile he look unhurt ... though a bit gaunt and pale . a turn of he head bring the balefully glow leave eye in its metal socket into view . he slip on a pair of tight , wrap -around sunglass . full shot as he go to the bed and flip up the stain mattress . he pick up the remington 12 gauge , the ar - 180 and the .38 off the spring and leave by the fire escape . CUT to : 159 int . vukovich office - night 159 tight on video monitor show reese in the interrogation room . reese ( record ) ... it 's just he and I . CUT wide revealing Sarah , silberman , vukovich and traxler watch a monitor sit amid incredible paperwork clutter on a desk top . silberman ( record ) why do not you bring any weapon ? something more advanced . do not you have ray gun ? traxler , stand in the back , grin and nudge silberman , who nod appreciatively . tight on reese's recorded image - he glare at silberman . on sarah , as silberman 's voice be hear . silberman ( record ) show I a piece of future technology . reese ( record / con - trolling he hostility ) you go naked . something about the field generate by a live organism . nothing dead will go . silberman ( record ) why ? reese ( record ) I do not build the fuck thing . silberman ( record ) okay . okay . but this ... ( consult he note ) cyborg ... if it 's metal ... reese ( record ) surrounded by live tissue . silberman ( record ) of course . the real silberman put the tape on " pause " . silberman ( excited ) this be great stuff . I could make a career out of this guy . you see how clever this part be ...how it do not require a shred of proof . most paranoid delusion be intricate ... but this be brilliant . he start the tape again . silberman ( record ) why be the other two woman kill ? reese ( record ) most official record be lose in the war . the computer know almost nothing about connor 's mother . her name . where she live , just the city . no scanner picture . the terminator be just be systematic . c.u . - reese , on screen , as he go on . reese ( record , con - tinuing ) you have hear enough . decide . be you go to release I ? silberman ( record ) I be afraid that 's not up to I . reese ( record / voice rise ) then why be I talk to you ? get out . on sarah , dollying slowly in to c.u. as we hear reese begin to shout . silberman ( record ) I can help you ... reese who be in authority here ? c.u. reese , on screen , as he look straight at the camera . reese ( record ) you still do not get it . he will find she . that 's what he do . all he do ... medium on vukovich , gesture to silberman , who be near the machine , to kill it . reese ( record , con - tinuing ) you can not stop he . he will wade through you ... c.u . - reese , on screen , rise partway out of he chair , yell . reese ( record , continue ) ... reach down she throat , and pull she fuck heart out ... the screen go black . vukovich have cut off the tape . silberman ( glance around ) sorry . c.u . - sarah stare at the empty screen . sarah ( turn ) so reese be crazy . silberman in technical terminology , he 's a loon . sarah but ... vukovich hand she something that look like umpire 's pad . vukovich Sarah , this be body armor . out tac guy wear it . it will stop a 12 gauge round . this other individual must have have one under he coat . Sarah want to believe he . God help she if he 's wrong . sarah but what about he punch through the windshield ? traxler ( shrug ) probably on pcp , break every bone in he hand and will not feel it for hour . there be this guy once that ... vukovich cut he off with a gesture and sit beside Sarah on the bench . vukovich why do not you just stretch out here and get some sleep . it will take you mom a good hour to get here from redland . sarah I can not sleep . vukovich go ahead . you be safe . there be thirty cop in this building . sarah okay . she lay she head on a wad up blanket as everyone leave the office . CUT to : 159a int . corridor vukovich pause outside the door , lose in think . traxler study he for a second . traxler what ? ( pause ) Ed , come on ... the guy 's a wacko . vukovich glance up . vukovich ( quietly ) he would better be . CUT to : 160 int . police department foyer - night 160 silberman can be see through a glass partition next to the bullet - proof glass booth enclose the night desk sergeant be counter . the sergeant hit a button and there be a loud bull-clack . the electric bolt on the security door open and silberman step out . as he exit the station , he pass terminator just come in the front door . he glance at the pale apparition in cap and dark wrap -around , but go on . terminator approach the desk sergeant who barely glance up when he speak . terminator I be a friend of Sarah connor . I be tell she be here . can I see she , please ? sergeant you can not see here . she 's make a statement . terminator where be she ? sergeant ( laconically ) look . it 's gonna be a while . you wanna wait . there 's a bench . terminator step back , scan the booth , the electric door , the room beyond . terminator I will come back . he turn and walk out through the front door . angle past desk sergeant , f.g . - on front door , the officer be absorb in paperwork , not watch as a pair of light get brighter outside the door . rapidly . he glance up at the last second as the glare fall fully on he . crash ! several cop and late night loiterer scatter as a car smashes into the foyer . it blast through the sergeant 's booth , crush he in the wreckage . CUT to : 161 int . division hq / vukovich office 161 Sarah , lie on the couch , jerk awake as the crash reverberate through the building . she sit up , bleary - eye . CUT to : 162 int . division hq / corridor 162 through the hole in the splinter wall we see terminator leap out of the car . he vault the hood and smashes through the debris of the wall . leap to the corridor floor in a shower of plaster fragment . he brandish the ar - 180 like a pistol in one hand , the .38 in the other . the shotgun dangle at he side on a shoulder sling . low angle dolly , precede he as he start down the corridor . angle on lounge doorway as two cop run into the hall , one carry a cup of coffee . terminator fire a burst from the assault rifle . angle on cop - they be flung backward in a spray of coffee and plaster . CUT to : 163 int . division hq / vukovich office Sarah be alert now with grow alarm . the sound of gunfire be faint ... but unmistakable . her expression show the dawn certainty of what be happen . CUT to : 164 int . division hq / corridor 164 terminator step over the body of the two cop without break stride . over he shoulder , moving with he as he walk down the hall . come to a door . tries it . lock . kick it in . a desk cop , draw he gun , sprint for cover . angle on terminator raise the ar - 180 . CUT to : 165/fx int . division hq / office - terminator's Pov 165 / fx in computer - enhance vision we see the cop dash around a corner in slow motion . as he disappear behind the wall a animated outline of he be still visible ...a probabilistic extrapolation of he motion . there be a target cross - hair follow the figure . CUT to : 166 int . division hq / office - behind wall 166 the wall erupt with a volley of shot beside the run cop and he be flung out of frame . CUT to : 167 int . vukovich office 167 Shots be echoing in the hallway as vukovich whip open the door , startling the hell out of Sarah . vukovich stay here . he turn the lock knob and slam the door . leave she alone . she flinch as more shot SOUND . closer . CUT to : 167a int . corridor 167a terminator rip the cover off the station 's main electrical panel . he pull loose the hose - like 440 volt income line and feed it directly into the lighting circuit . all down the corridor the overhead fluorescent unit explode , shower spark and glass . the building be plunge into darkness . arc sputter and flare , lighting the corridor strobo - scopically . CUT to : 167b int . vukovich office 167b Sarah 's terror skyrocket when the ceiling lamp explode and the office go black . CUT to : 168 int . corridor 168 through the smoke and emergency spotlight terminator move forward , inexorably . a door behind he open . a cop fire , hit he in the shoulder . terminator fire straight - arm with the .38 without slow , kill the cop , then fire down the corridor with the assault rifle . CUT to : 169 int . interrogation room 169 traxler leave the other detective to guard reese , who be still handcuff to the chair . traxler ( exciting ) watch he . the door close . a instant later a chair smashes over the detective 's back , just as he be turn toward he prisoner . reese be on he , scrabbling for the key . CUT to : 170 int . cross corridor 170 traxler be run down the hall through smoke and the wild strobing of electrical fire as vukovich step out of a armory room . he toss traxler a m - 16 and they run on . CUT to : 171 int . MAIN corridor 171 terminator stop before another door . he blast the lock with the riot-gun . fling open the door , scan . move on . he be hit twice , chest and leg . firelight flicker from a office doorway as he pass . CUT to : 172 int . vukovich office 172 Sarah scrabble for a place to hide in the darken room but it 's so tiny . behind the desk . she crouch unable to believe she have awaken into the same nightmare . CUT to : 173 int . office nearby 173 angle on door as it splinter open and terminator stand , gun raise . a cop fire from behind a desk . terminator spray the room . start to reload . CUT to : 174 int . corridor vukovich edge open a door and fire half a clip into terminator 's back . his eye bulge as the intruder turn , slamm a clip into he rifle and calmly fire two round . traxler drag vukovich 's body back inside the room . traxler ed! Ed ...? CUT to : 175 int . corridor 175 tight on terminator , move forward , intent CUT to : 176 int . vukovich office 176 medium on sarah , she tooth be chatter with fear as shot echo nearby . there be the rhythmic thunder of the shotgun , rattling automatic FIRE , scream , and the sound of running feet . get closer . slow dolly in on sarah begin , end in tight c.u. as the sound get louder . more shot . smoke begin to seep under the door . detail - doorknob rattling as it be try from outside . e.c.u . - sarah stifling a cry . she flinch as if slap as shot sound . detail - door knob , a series of shot shatter the lock . full on doorway - the door bang open and a figure stand silhouett in the smoky hallway , hold a pistol . e.c.u . - sarah , as she close she eye . hold she breath . reese ( v.o. ) Sarah ? full shot - she scramble out from beneath the desk and run to he in the thicken smoke . CUT to : 177 connecting office 177 panaglide following reese and sarah as they cross the corridor and move through a series of office , double back toward the main entrance . CUT to : 178 int . office 178 Sarah and reese move rapidly through the smoke . gunfire sound nearby . they pass body . vukovich ( v.o. ) ( weakly ) reese ! they find the Lieutenant propped in a corner , die . reese bend toward he . vukovich hold out he custom colt python .357 . vukovich ( continue ) you just keep she alive . do what you have to . reese snatch the gun and the key and run on . c.u . - vukovich watch they go . CUT to : 179 int . / ext . office / side entrance - night 179 fast panaglide preceding terminator as he run through the smoky room . a fire be burn , lighting everything a flicker orange . he emerge onto a landing through a side entrance . pan to follow he line of sight as he snap the ar - 180 to he shoulder . b.g. a blue volkswagen rabbit be roaring away across the parking lot . tight on terminator aim carefully . he pull the trigger . it click ... empty . slowly he lower the scope-sight from he eye and watch they go . terminator limp down the step from the landing and walk away as the fire spread behind the window of division headquarters . CUT to : 180 int . rabbit - night 180 detail - gas gauge , it read empty . CUT to : 181 ext . highway - night 181 the rabbit be stop on the shoulder of a two lane secondary road wind through the hill north of L.A. reese be fishing object out of the car 's trunk and hand they to Sarah , who hold a flashlight . he hand she a blanket , some road flare , and a first aid kit . then he slam the trunk . reaching through the side window , he turn the wheel and push the car off the shoulder , over the embankment . down angle into ravine , past Sarah and reese , as the car trundle down crash through the underbrush to dis - appear among the tree . reese look out across the valley and the light of l.a . a helicopter circle in the distance , searchlight on . reese let 's get off the road . CUT to : 182 int . / ext . drainage culvert - night 182 angle looking out from the mouth of a enclose concrete storm drain that pass under the road . reese , follow by Sarah , trudge down the slope and duck inside . the floor be wet but he do not seem to mind . they both hunker down with they back to the concrete , face each other . they look beat , grimy , exhaust . she huddle under the blanket , waif-like . reese you cold ? sarah freeze . reese come here . she sit beside he and they wrap they arm around each other with the blanket cover both of they . sarah reese ... you get a first name ? reese Kyle . sarah Kyle , what 's it like when you go through time ? reese White light . pain . like be rip inside out ... slowly . like be bear , maybe . Sarah scowl and draw she hand out from under he jacket . sarah you be wet . oh my god . in the beam of the flashlight she hand be glisten with blood . reese I catch one , back there . sarah ( incredulous ) caught one ? you mean you get shot ? reese shrug . reese it 's not bad . Sarah sit up and turn toward he . sarah we gotta get you to a doctor . reese it 's okay . forget it . sarah forget it ? be you crazy ? let I see it . Sarah open he jacket and the flashlight beam show he shirt bloodsoaked at the shoulder . sarah ( continue ) jeez . you idiot . take this off . she cradle the flashlight between she knee and open the first aid kit as he remove he jacket . reese ( look at the wound ) see. miss everything . pass through the meat . Sarah start swabbing the flesh wound . sarah this be gonna make I puke . talk about something . reese what ? sarah just talk . tell I about my son . be he tall ? she place a gauze pad in place and start to wrap it . reese about my height . he have you -- ( wince ) ...damn ... he have you eye . Sarah glance at he face for a second and then go back to work . sarah what 's he like ? reese ( thoughtful ) you trust he . he 's get that strength . you would die in a second for John . sarah well , at least I know what to name he . I do not suppose you would know who the father be ? so I do not tell he to get lose when I meet he . reese John never say much about he . he die . even before the war ... sarah ( interrupt ) stop ! I do not want to know . hold still . so ... it be John that order you here ? reese I volunteer . sarah you volunteer ? reese it be a honor . a chance to meet the legend . Sarah connor . who teach she son to fight ... organize , prepare . from when he be a kid . when you be in hide , before the war . she stop taping . she seem lose , she bravado dissipate . sarah you talk about thing I have not do yet in the past tense . it 's make I crazy . I can not think . ( pause ) be you sure you have get the right person ? reese appraise she coldly . reese I be sure . sarah come on , I ? the mother of the future ? be I tough ? organize ? I can not even balance my checkbook . I cry when I see a cat that 's be run over ... and I do not even like cat . she pull the bandage tight with a knot . reese ow ! no , it 's okay . it 's better tight . sarah and anyway , what do I know about guerrilla warfare ? reese you will learn . sarah ( angry ) look , reese , I do not ask for this honor and I do not want it . any of it . reese John give I a message for you . make I memorize it . ' Sarah " ... this be the message ... ' Sarah , thank you . for you courage through the dark year . I can not help you with what you must soon face , except to tell you that the future be not set ... there be no such thing as fate , but what we make for ourselves by we own will . you must be stronger than you imagine you can be . you must survive , or I will never exist . ' that 's all . Sarah stare at he as the enormity of it all become real to she . reese move he arm , testing the bandage . reese ( continue ) good field - dress . sarah ( brighten ) you like it ? it 's my first . he rebutton he shirt and they return to the warmth - conserve embrace . Sarah gaze out the entrance , into the night . reese sleep . it will be light soon . sarah ( close she eye ) okay . talk some more . reese about what ? sarah ( murmure ) about where you be from . Kyle watch the helicopter circle far in the distance . reese alright . ( pause ) you stay down by day , but at night you can move around . the h - k' use infra-re so you still have to watch out . but they be not too bright . John teach we way to dust they they . that 's when the infiltra - tor start to appear . the terminator be the newest , the worst ... during he monologue we have panned into the darkness outside and to the helicopter , which fly out of frame , leave black . a rotor roar fade up . CUT in black to : 183/fx ext . CITY ruins , 2029 - night 183 / fx Black sky . star . with a roar a aerial patrol craft enter close overhead . it have flash red and blue light and powerful search - light which stab down . tilt down to a vista of moonlit devastation . White ash blow in drift among fire - gut ruin . blacken bone lie everywhere in heaps . searchlight sweep the night . another aerial unit hover several block away , fire tracers into the ruin . CUT to : 184/fx ext . ruins / STREET - night 184 / fx low angle as a gleam chrome h-k grind through the debris of the shattered street on its tank - like track , crush burnt skull . its head turn slowly , play high - intensity light over the building . its hydraulic arm be fold , mantis-like , against its ' torso ' . after it pass a number of human figure dart from shadow to shadow , b.g . CUT to : 185 int . tunnel - night 185 reese be among a squad of men in black fatigue , carry equipment and energy rifle , who enter a debris-litter tunnel . panaglide with they as they trot through a labyrinth of tunnel , pass several guard - post . reese have a german shepherd on a short leash . CUT to : 186 int . parking structure - night 186 the platoon enter a cavernous chamber , a old parking structure , in which a large group be gather . as the entrance , armed sentries with dog be pass in new arrival : man wear mismatch uniform or rag and carry all type of weapon from laser to shotgun . weapon be leave at the sentry post . following reese as he patrol the perimeter . he walk along a row of car , model from the eighty and ninety , now stripped , rusty and modify to carry weapon . there be conventional military vehicle as well . he pass several family group . gaunt kid be huddle around a old tv set . its glow bathes they . reverse angle reveal that the set have be gut and a small cookfire crackle inside the shell . nearby a kid have a large rat cornere and be whack it with a stick . reese pause at the end of the row of vehicle and unsnap a pocket in he tunic , remove a small paper rectangle , a wear photograph . c.u . - reese , gaze down . his head snap around at the sudden sound of barking . angle on sentry post as the dog go crazy . sentry ( shouting ) terminator ! a innocuous , rag -dress man flip back he poncho to reveal a powerful plasma -rifle . he open FIRE , run forward . ENERGY bolt rip into the crowd . moving with reese , run toward the terminator . rapid cut : powerbolt explode among the flee people . beam sear the darkness . a run child be burst by a plasma hit . angle on reese run . he level he energy - rifle and start fire . a powerbolt graze he cheek , exploding a support column behind he . part of the roof collapse as reese tumble . everything be light as if by lightning . c.u . - reese , semi-conscious . burn . bleed . impression implode on he : run foot , flash , energy beam rake the ground leave molten worm - track , scream - ing , a burn dog howling . detail - the picture reese have be look at have fall , forget . it catch fire and start to curl . before the image vanish we see that it be a picture of Sarah . reese look up . a figure loom above , a silhouette in the smoky , hellish glare . the terminator . its eye glow red . a brilliant explosion white out the screen . CUT to : 187 int . culvert - dawn 187 c.u . - sarah , brightly light by daylight . asleep . she grimace and groan . in the distance a dog be bark . reese , still hold she , lightly lift she hair from she face . a uncharacteristically tender gesture . he gently caress she cheek with the back of he finger . when she awaken suddenly he snap he hand away . Sarah look around , momentarily disorient . look up at reese . sarah I be dream about dog . reese extricate himself from she and step out of the culvert . reese we use they to spot terminator . Sarah groan as she straighten she leg . sarah you world ... it 's pretty terrifying . CUT to : 189 ext . highway - dawn 189 Sarah catch up to he just as he be about to try and stop a approach car . she pull he gun hand down with both of hers . sarah put that away . I will get one . she hold out she thumb to pass traffic . reese watch this incomprehensible ceremony skeptically . sarah ( continue ) this work ... really . CUT to : 189a ext . highway / pickup - day 189a reese and Sarah be cramme into the cab of a beat - to - hell pickup truck with the driver , obviously a surfer . laid - back , long-haire and well - tan . reese glower and watch the scenery through slitted eye . driver ... and when it break right off the point they get some pretty rad tube up there . not awesome , but I mean , worth the drive , if you be hardcore like I . reese ( to Sarah ) rad tube ? sarah ( to reese ) he 's a surfer . driver you from back East of something ? sarah no , he 's from the future . driver whoah . I hear that . ( pause ) listen , I have a rough night . I gotta stop and bag some Z's . they pull off the highway toward a gas station / rest area . CUT to : 190 ext . service station - day 190 the gas station be like a oasis of clutter in a roll stretch of meadow and wood . it consist of a bunker - like building with restroom and a flanking picnic area , beyond which be wood . people sit under the tree , enjoy the beautiful day while child tear around after the force inactivity of a long trip . the three of they get out on unsteady leg . driver you can still ride if you wanna hang out for a couple hour . sarah thanks . reese bag some Z's ? sarah let 's get clean up , Kyle . she head for the women' restroom and Kyle follow she inside . reese ( push he out ) your be over there . instead of follow she direction to the Men 's room , Kyle wander toward the drink fountain . a bunch of kid be run around and throw water at each other with paper cup . reese shamble through they like a zombie . he stand among the child , a alien in this land without fear . he watch people at picnic table laugh and listen to portable music . kid squeal . dog bark . little girl ( v.o. ) can you get my balloon ? down angle on a achingly beautiful little girl of about four . she point above he head . reese look up to see a helium - fill mylar balloon stick in the foliage of a tree just above he . he pull it down by the string and hold it , turn it over dully . he crouch down to she eye-level . she smile . reese be not you afraid to be out in the open like this ? little girl huh ? reese whirl reflexively at a scream behind he . the mylar balloon burst in he tense hand . a teenage girl be be douse with water by the boy with plastic jug . the little girl look at the break balloon , then glare at reese . she punch he soundly on the shoulder and storm off . at this moment she be bowl over by a irish setter that lick she face while she shriek with laughter . reese seem about to smile but do not quite know how to go about it . CUT to : 191 ext . service station / pay phone - day 191 Sarah be talk on a open pay phone . sarah ... I know , Mom . this be the soonest I could ... I know . Mom ... Mom , I can not talk long . no , I be okay . ( pause ) I be on tv ? really ? ( pause ) oh no , I hate that picture ... why do not you give they my graduation picture ? ( pause ) I be okay , really . listen , I want you to pack some stuff and go up to the cabin for a few day . just do not ... no , do not ask any question . just do it . I gotta get go ... gotta go . bye , bye . Sarah have be idly leaf through the directory . on a whim she look up something . she freeze for a moment when she find the list . then with a triumphant expression she rip the page out of the book . CUT to : 192 ext . service station / picnic table - day 192 Sarah be sit at a table under a tree , lettering something with a lipstick on a cardboard box - flap . e.c.u . - sign , as the last letter be finish . it read : silicon valley full on sarah as she retract the lipstick and lean across to hand it to a girl at the next table . sarah thanks a lot . reese ( v.o. ) what 's that ? Sarah look up , startle to see he stand beside she . sarah that 's where we be go . reese why ? Sarah point to the directory page lie on the table . macro - page Sarah 's finger point to a list which read : cyber dynamics corporation 18144 El camino Real , s'vale angle on sarah and reese she look smug . sarah look . I find it . be not that it ? cyber dynamics Corporation ? reese what about it ? sarah do not you say that they be go to develop this revolutionary new thing ... reese molecular-memory . sarah whatever ... they become the hotshot computer guy so they get the job to build El Computer Grande ... skynet ... for the government . right ? reese ( uneasy ) that 's the way it be tell to I . Sarah 's fear have be replace by excitement . sarah well , we be gonna uninvent the bastard . eighty -six it . we will blow up the place ... burn it down . something . reese ( very cold ) tactically dangerous . we lay low . sarah reese . think it through . we can prevent the war . nobody else be gonna do it . if we go to anybody official we wind up back in jail and then that walk cuisinart have get we again . we have to so it ourselves . reese that 's not my mission . sarah ( upset , mock he manner ) listen . understand . I be not a military objective , reese . I be a person ... you do not own I . reese take she arm and pull she to she foot . reese let 's go . time to move out . sarah fuck you ! let go of I ! she jerk she arm free . he reach for she again but she outdistance he , run . reese ( warning tone ) Sarah ! she dash down a footpath among the tree , clutching she sign . reese follow she into the wood . CUT to : 193 ext . wood / clearing - day 193 only a few yard from the picnic area , the wood take over completely . panning with sarah as she run down the path . reese tackle she from behind and they fall together in the long spring grass . she struggle violently to get away . sarah let...go ... bastard ... she get one arm free and whacks he hard in the face . reese react instinctively , leaping back in a defensive crouch . Sarah freeze when she see the .357 in he hand . sarah ( continue , scared , but angry ) oh , that 's real smart . go on , shoot I . that 's brilliant . reese be tremble as he lower the gun . Sarah too be shaking with emotion . tear roll down she cheek and she voice crack . sarah ( continue ) Jesus Christ , reese . can not you see I be scared ? he straighten up and he arm go limp at he side . he turn away . sarah ( continue ) I can not spend my life wait for that thing to catch up with I ... always look over my shoulder , wonder if I leave some tiny clue behind ... reese do not respond . the gun slip from he finger . his will seem to drain from he and he sag to he knee . the moment stretch . there be only the sunlight move in shaft through the leave , the sound of a small stream nearby , bird chirp . sarah reese ? she crawl over to he . c.u . - reese in profile , with Sarah in b.g . his eye be close . a tear meander down he cheek . sarah ( continue , quietly ) Kyle ? reese ( a whisper ) I be wrong here . I be not mean to see this ... he gesture at they surroundings . reese ( continue ) it 's ... like some dream . this ...this ... he touch the grass , the trunk of a tree . reese ( continue ) ... and you ... all so ... beauti - ful . it hurt , Sarah . more than death . he look be she beseechingly . reese ( continue ) do not you understand ... it 's all go ! Sarah put she arm around he . she sniff and wipe at she nose with the back of she hand . sarah we can change it , Kyle . we have to try . she take he shoulder in she hand . sarah ( continue ) there 's no fate but what we make for ourselves . right ? come on . let 's go , kiddo . whaddya say ? he pick up she sign and they look at each other for a second , then get up . CUT to : 194 int . terminator's HOTEL room - day 194 terminator sit in he room with the blind draw tight . murky . claustrophobic . with knife-slit of hot sunlight . medium on terminator sit on the edge of the bed . his appearance be not improve . a patch of scalp be blow away , revealing chrome underneath . a flap of skin dangle from he cheek , which expose some of the drive cable which move the lip . he be scan Sarah 's address book , turn a page every two second . c.u . - terminator he eye tracking rapidly . his skin be waxy , white , bruise , gangrenous in place . he ignore the few fly crawl on he face . CUT to : 194a /fx Pov - terminator 194a / fx show Sarah 's book . in microsecond the handwritten entry be translate into crt - type character and display to one side of the screen . this update instantly as the page be turn . CUT to : 195 int . HOTEL corridor - day 195 a middle - aged man with a tear T-shirt cover he paunch knock on the door . he be wheeling a trash cart . man hey , buddy , you get a dead cat in there of what ? CUT to : 196 int . terminator's HOTEL room - day 196 tight on terminator as he look up . CUT to : 197 /fx Pov - terminator 197 / fx the digitize image pan to the door and a logic -flow diagram appear overlaid in color-code word . it con - clude with a list of potential appropriate response : yes / no or what go away please come back later fuck you fuck you , asshole the last begin to flash , and enlarge to fill the screen . CUT to : 198 resume angle terminator fuck you , asshole . he return to he scan . CUT to : 199 int . corridor - day 199 the man shrug and walk down the hall . CUT to : 200 ext . motel - day the two fugitive walk toward a economy motel of the two-story park - by- the -door variety . Sarah turn to wave as a tractor -trailer pull away noisily , head back to the interstate . the driver answer she wave out the side window . reese stop for a moment outside the motel office to pet a german shepherd sit on the porch . the dog wag its tail and lick he hand . reese open the door and they go in . CUT to : 201 int . motel office - day 201 reese pull a crumpled wad of bill from he jeans and show it to Sarah . reese be this enough ? sarah yes . and I do not want to know where you get it . she turn to the desk clerk , a female version of the pawn - shop lizard . sarah ( to clerk ) we need a room ... with a kitchen . CUT to : 202 int . motel room - dusk Kyle and Sarah enter the spartan room . sarah I be die for a shower . you could use one too . and we would better check that bandage . reese later . I be go out for materiel . keep this . he hand she the .38 he take off the detective . she take it without think as he leave then realize that she have a load gun in her hand , without the slight idea of how to use it . she lay it gently on the dresser . as a afterthought , she turn it with one finger so that it be point the other way . Sarah move the curtain slightly and look outside . CUT to : 203 ext . motel - dusk 203 reese walk away toward a commercial area visible down the road . CUT to : 204 int . motel room - night 204 Sarah be on the phone , she hair still wet from a shower . she sit on the bed with a towel wrap around she . sarah ... no , Mom , I can not tell you where I be . I be tell not to say . sarah' mom ( v.o. ) ( filter ) but honey , I need to know where I can reach you or I will be worried sick . it turn out I can not stay up here ... the electricity 's off ... and I do not know just where I will be . Sarah hesitates , then : sarah okay , here 's the number . be you ready ? sarah' mom ( v.o. ) ( filter ) go ahead . CUT to : 205 int . mountain cabin - night 205 slow pan around the room as the conversation between Sarah and she Mom continue , completely voice over . sarah ( v.o. ) ( filter ) it 's 408-972-1439 . room 14 . sarah' mom ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I get it . the pan continue , revealing a overturn chair . sarah ( v.o. ) ( filter ) okay , I have gotta go . I be sorry I can not tell you very much now , Mom . I love you . the pan come to a table . smashed plate . spill coffee . a spatter of blood . a phone . it follow the phone cord onto terminator in close - up as he continue in a perfect simulation of she mother 's voice ... terminator ( mother' voice ) I love you too , sweetheart . CUT to : 206 int . motel room - night 206 Sarah hang up the phone , vaguely disturb . CUT to : 207 int . mountain cabin - night 207 terminator rapidly dial the number Sarah give . terminator ( he voice ) hello. ( pause ) tell I you address there . CUT to : 208 int . motel room - night 208 tight on several grocery bag cover the counter beside the hot-plate in the tiny apartment . reese 's hand split one open and its content spill out . full shot Sarah look through reese 's haul . sarah let 's see . corn syrup . ammonia . moth ball ... mmm . what 's for dinner ? reese ( preoccupy ) plastique . there be also box of shotgun shell , road flare , tape , scissors , pan , a strainer and many other odd utensil , substance , chemical . sarah what 's that ? reese nitroglycerin , basically . bit more stable . I learn howto make it when I be a kid . Sarah look a bit stricken as she contemplate the evening ahead . CUT to : 209 ext . highway / chevy camaro - night 209 the dashlight illuminate terminator from beneath as he drive through the night . he look like death . his leave eye glow a faint red in the darkness . CUT to : 210 int . motel room - night 210 a heartwarming domestic scene . Sarah and Kyle have pull the dresser out to use as a worktable . pan , package and bottle clutter the kitchen , b.g . on the table between they be eight ten-inch length of plumber' pipe , thread each end . Kyle be show Sarah how to tamp the high - explosive putty into the pipe bomb and seal they shut . reese make sure there 's none on the thread , like this . now screw the end -cap on ... very gently . sarah you must have have a fun child - hood . reese that 's good . now , seven more like that while I make fuse . sarah I be think , there 's so much I have get to show you when we get through this . it 's mind boggle , the pos - sibilities ... disneyland , the beach , movie ... matinee with popcorn and foot- long hot dog ... reese hot dog ? sarah I want to buy you a hot dog so bad , Kyle ... all the thing you have never see and do . you be here , but wherever you go , and whatever you touch , you bring the war with you . reese my whole life have be combat . sarah I want it to be over for you . reese not possible . sarah I want it to be over for I too . I feel like I slip over some invisible line , that I be in you world now . everything 's the same , but I see it differently . it 's like , there 's you and I , and he ... but nobody else can understand or help or even touch we . reese look up and finally catch she gaze . he reach out for she hand and it seem he may be take it to comfort she . but he turn she wrist to read she watch . reese we will head out at 0200 . that give you four hour to sleep if you want . I will finish . CUT to : 211 int . motel room - night 211 angle on table - the bomb be neatly rank , finish . a nylon satchel lie nearby . the mess be clean up . wide shot reveal reese sit in silent vigil at the window . the room be dark , light only by a streetlight outside . Sarah be asleep on the bed . reese sit cross -legge , shirtless , he body hold rigid . the image of discipline . the .357 be hold loosely in one hand on he lap . there be a fresh bandage on he shoulder . Sarah wake up and go to he in the darkness . he look at she for a moment as she sit beside he , then back outside . sarah he will find we , will not he ? reese probably . Sarah , if I get zeroed ... sarah do not say that . reese if I do , you have to get away , disappear without a trace . different country , different name , everything . in case they send another one . sarah it will never be over , will it ? look at I , I be shaking . some legend , huh ? you must be pretty disappointed . reese no. I be not . several beat before Sarah speak again . her eye seem luminous in the dark . sarah ( softly ) Kyle , the woman in you time ... what be they like ? reese good fighter . sarah that 's not what I mean . be there someone special ? reese someone ? sarah a girl . you know . reese ( mechanically ) no. ( pause ) never . he look away , outside the window sarah ( softly ) I be sorry . Sarah study he for a moment . she 's sit slightly behind he and she put she hand on he shoulder and back , trace the line of he scar with she fingertip . sarah so much pain . reese pain can be control . you disconnect it . sarah and so you feel nothing . reese it 's better that way . sarah ( with great sympathy ) oh , Kyle . reese take a long , slow breath before he answer , and when he do he voice have a new quality , a unfamiliar tenderness . reese John connor give I a picture of you once . I never know why . it be very old . torn. fade . you be young , like you be now . you be not smile ... just a little sad ... I always wonder what you be think at that second . he close he eye , reach toward she . his fingertip trace the contour of she nose , chin , cheek . reese ( continue ) I memorize every line , every curve ... he open he eye , look right at hers . reese ( continue ) Sarah , I come across time for you . I love you . I always have . Sarah be quietly overwhelm . reese look away . reese ( continue ) I be sorry . I should not have say ... sarah Kyle ... she lean forward and kiss he . his face be freeze . a mask . she continue , tenderly . he begin to respond . the dam break and he hold she in a tight , tremble embrace , cling to she like life itself . Kyle pick she up and carry she to the bed . she kiss he neck and chest , trace he scar with she lip . he unbutton she blouse very slowly . Sarah guide he powerful hand over she . a sequence of cut . detail . impression . Sarah , a very close angle , as she grimace in divine agony . reese , he face rapt . his hand , clutching the pillow as if to kill it . it be explosive , torrential . a confluence of fate and will . CUT to : 212 int . motel room / later - night 212 tight on sarah and reese in each other 's arm . lying across he chest , she survey he face as he eye close drowsily . sarah I bet you be ticklish . reese ( uncompre - hend ) ticklish ? Sarah 's hand move out of frame . after a moment reese look down , puzzle . reese what be you do ? sarah ( continue doggedly ) you will beg for mercy in a second . reese seem unperturb . finally he begin to squirm . reese I do not think I like this . sarah you be not suppose to . now reese be become desperate . a grimace spread across he face . it become a grin . then he 's laugh , try to escape but she will not let he , and they collapse , laugh together . Sarah gaze at he grin , a glimpse of the reese that might have be , in another life . a moment later the grin vanish at the sound of dog bark outside . reese be off the bed in a instant , crouch tense , eye alert . feral as ever . reese ( whisper ) listen to the dog . CUT to : 213 ext . motel office - night 213 the german shepherd , bark furiously , lunge toward camera repeatedly , at the end of a chain . a dark figure move by in the f.g. , out of the dog 's reach . CUT to : 214/fx int ./ ext . motel / terminator's Pov - night 214 / fx the digitize view be image- intensify , bright and stark as a lunar landscape . pan off the lung dog to the row of room face the parking lot . handheld as we approach the door . it be wide angle and the barrel of the ar - 180 be visible at the bottom of frame . the nearest vehicle park in front be a large pickup truck with two dirt bike lash in the bed , see prominently as we pass . the Pov approach a door . number 14 . the door be kicked OPEN . move inside . the assault rifle spray the room , explode the indistinct form on the bed . staccato glare . approach the bed . nothing there put the shred remain of sheet and pillow . the Pov shift to the back door , which be ajar , and move toward it . through the door . revealing a empty yard . CUT to : 215 int . pickup truck / parking lot - night 215 reese be under the dash , play with the wire . Sarah lie on the seat , clutching the nylon satchel , which bulge with the explosive charge . she have dress hastily and be barefoot . reese Light it now . Sarah have be hold a bic lighter near the tip of a fuse . she thumb the flame on . the fuse catch as reese twist the wire and the engine start to turn over . CUT to : 216 int . / ext . motel room - night 216 terminator spin at the sound of the truck engine catch . fast panaglide with he as he run the length of the suite , stop outside the front door . whip the ar to he shoulder . the truck be backing wildly across the lot b.g. terminator turn , look into camera as a sizzling SOUND become audible . detail - pipe charge , lie just inside the door , in the shadow . the fuse be burn . wide shot - on doorway , from the parking lot , as terminator take two leaping stride forward and the charge explode . the front of the building be blown to kindling . terminator be flung forward by the blast . CUT to : 217 ext . STREET / pickup truck - night 217 panning rapidly as the truck shoot out of the parking lot and tear down the street . CUT to : 218 ext . motel - night 218 terminator lie face down , motionless , f.g. , as the debris from the blast settles . a young guy on a honda 750 cross the parking lot and stop near he , run forward . terminator start to get up , move slowly . rider ( crouching be - side he ) do not try to move , buddy . moving with terminator as he shove the cyclist aside and approach the bike , which be still running . CUT to : 219 /fx parking lot / terminator's Pov - night 219 / fx digitize Pov , approach the cycle . the image reduce to graphic outline , with separate system color -coded . it break down suddenly into individual side , top and plan view . all in less than four second . CUT to : 220 int . / ext . freeway / pickup truck - night 220 reese slide the truck into a on- ramp and gun in onto the freeway , bury the throttle . traffic be light ... a few 18 - wheeler . the truck top out at 110 and he hold it . they flicker rapidly through pool of light and shadow . angle over reese's shoulder as they hurtle forward . a interchange flash by in a instant . pacing with the truck , look back as a single headlight arc radically across all lane behind they and grow brighter , close . CUT to : 221 ext . freeway - night 221 low wide angle precede terminator on the bike . he be tuck , get as much speed as possible out of the 750 . as he gain on the camera , filling frame , he unsling the assault rifle . raise it against the windstream in a one - hand pistol grip . CUT to : 222 int . pickup truck - night 222 reese motion Sarah to keep she head down . he pull the colt python from he coat pocket . steering with he elbow , he check the load . snap the cylinder shut . glance in the rear mirror . turn the wheel . CUT to : 223 ext . freeway - night 223 wide angle , follow close to terminator , as he close on the pickup , b.g . the truck swerve suddenly , diving around a tractor -trailer . terminator lean hard to follow . low wide angle precede the pickup and terminator as they swerve as high speed . reese use the slow semis as static obstacle . he miss they by inch , tire squealing . angle over sarah' shoulder , through the front window as the back of a semi - trailer hurtle toward they , straight ahead . high angle , follow both vehicle as reese feint right and then skid left . he slide toward the trailer in a four - wheel drift as terminator commit to the right . m.c.u . - terminator , over the barrel of the ar , as he fire . side angle - passing truck - trailer , bullet strafe across it as the pickup vanish behind . terminator skid the bike , barely miss a abutment , and be force onto a off -ramp . low side angle precede terminator as he roar down the off-ramp without slow . run the red light at the bottom as a hundred mile a hour . climb the on-ramp . CUT to : 224 int . pickup truck - night 224 Sarah be buffete as reese fight to control the skid truck . the angle be past reese , f.g. , on Sarah . terminator appear b.g. , converge rapidly as the on-ramp join the freeway . reese switch place with I . she slide over he while he keep the hammer down . CUT to : 225 ext . freeway - night 225 reese be out the window to the waist , aim double - hand . he fire . once . twice . again . they enter a interchange . ahead lie a long , sweeping curve , two lane wide and elevate . terminator rock back from a round between the eye that bare metal , the fire . bullet rake the pickup . the window be blow out . the side mirror explode . reese be hit . drop the .357 . Sarah scream and weave , barely in control . CUT to : 226 int . pickup truck - night 226 Sarah reach across and pull reese 's limp body back inside . he slump on the seat , moan . stun . sarah Kyle ...oh God ... he have a bullet in the chest . another have break he arm . Sarah feel all hope recede . CUT to : 227 ext . freeway - night 227 terminator cross behind the truck , come up on Sarah 's side . he fire . Sarah shriek as the doorpost next to she head clang with hit . the short burst empties the gun . it clatter to the pavement a moment later , discard . terminator draw the .38 . take aim . Sarah scream . hit the break hard . crank the wheel . glass behind she explode with gunfire . swerving viciously the truck slam the bike , send it flying into a guardrail . terminator go over the handle bar at a hundred mile per hour . CUT to : 228 int . pickup truck - night 228 Sarah fight the wheel , lose control of the slew pickup . CUT to : 229 ext . freeway overpass - night 229 terminator hit the pavement , tumble , roll , slide with a chatter screech and spraying sheet of SPARKS as flesh strip away and steel scream on concrete . the pickup swap end violently , smash into the guardrail . terminator hit the guardrail , bounce up , tumble along the top and then pitch out into space . CUT to : 230 ext . intersecting freeway - night 230 terminator smashes to the pavement in the middle lane and lie there , face - down . still . CUT to : 231 int . / ext . pickup / overpass - night 231 Sarah be slam hard as the truck grind to a stop against the guardrail . she check Kyle . he be barely conscious . Sarah heave open the door . run to the guardrail . look down . CUT to : 232 ext . lower freeway - night 232 after a long moment terminator slowly roll over and sit up . low angle as he rise into frame , a mass of blood . clothing and skin in tatter . headlight flare behind he and a airhorn blare . full shot as a double - trailer kenworth gasoline tanker smashes he down and under with a metallic crash . angle under tanker as terminator roll , clatter , and the mass blur above he . he ricochet between the pavement and the speed undercarriage until a stray bounce fling he up into the rear suspension . CUT to : 233 ext . freeway overpass - night 233 up angle on sarah at the railing , look down . she raise one fist into the air triumphantly . sarah alriiight ! CUT to : 234 int . tanker cab - night 234 the stunne driver hit the brake . his partner grab he arm . partner do not stop . they lock eye for a moment . driver . I have to , man . CUT to : 235 ext . freeway / tanker 235 angle under the rear trailer terminator cling with inhuman strength to the rear suspen - sion . the pavement blur by beneath he . the air brake howl . CUT to : 236 ext . freeway overpass - night 236 Sarah watch the truck roll on without leave a body in its wake . she feel a premonitory dread . CUT to : 237 ext . freeway / tanker - night 237 beneath the brake semi , terminator crawl upside down , hand over hand like a human fly , toward camera . the leave eye glow like a coal in the dark . as the pavement stop beneath he he drop off and roll out from under the truck . CUT to : 238 int . tanker cab - night 238 the driver look around in astonishment as he door be rip open . terminator appear . a grisly apparition . fling the driver out and take he place behind the wheel . ignoring the terrify partner , he examine the control . CUT to : 238/fx Pov - terminator 238/ fx in digitize cyborg-vision we see a abstract of the instrument . the shift lever be extend graphically down into a three - dimensional schematic of the tran - mission . analytical data print out rapid -fire . CUT to : 239 ext . freeway overpass - night 239 from the railing Sarah see the tanker below as a body fall beside it , roll . the truck swing in a slow arc . tear through the dividing fence . head back toward she on the wrong side of the freeway . she stare in numb horror . the nightmare refuse to end . she run to the crippled pickup and see a front tire flat , shred by a crumpled fender . she search the cab frantically for the keys to the motorcycle . find they above the sun visor . Sarah leap into the bed of the pickup and attack the motorcycle strap - downs frantically . pant with terror she roll the bike off the truck . it crash on its side and she fall on it painfully . strain until she cry out involuntarily , she lift it upright . kick the engine over . low angle as the tanker crash back through the divider and start up the overpass . Sarah be trap in that concrete corridor . she kick for she life . the bike catch for a moment . die . the truck bellows , down -shift on the curving grade . Sarah kick again and again , cry out with each stroke . again and again , furiously . the engine catch . sarah ( rapidly ) come on , come on , come on ...run , you ... the bike run with a healthy roar . low angle up the face of the tractor- trailer , the retain wall blur - ring by . terminator 's red eye can be see through the wind - shield . Sarah drag reese , stumbling , to the bike , prop he on the seat behind she . he clutches the satchel weakly . sarah hold on real tight , okay ? she gun the engine and roar off . low angle as the tanker demolish the pickup a moment later , tossing it over the side like a Beer can . CUT to : 240 ext . freeway - night 240 Sarah hit level freeway with a quarter - mile lead on the tanker , distant b.g. , but the little bike be overload and she can not coax it above seventy - five . angle on tanker roaring forward , shifting up through the gear . close on sarah and kyle , he head lolling on she shoulder . he start to fall sideways . sarah ( shouting ) hold on , goddamnit ! he rouse slightly , grip she tighter . high angle - moving with both vehicle as Sarah start to zigzag desperately across all four lane . the truck stay with she , close , its trailer whiplashing violently . CUT to : 241 ext . / int . tunnel - night 241 the truck be right behind they as then enter a tunnel . a half - mile of exitless concrete and strobing fluorescent light . m.c.u . - sarah and kyle ( process shot ) - he blink and look back at a solid wall of metal and light loom behind they . Sarah hunch down . they hit eighty . full shot - the leviathan dwarf they , its big tire roaring like the hub of Hell . CUT to : 242 ext . freeway - night 242 the tanker be twenty foot behind they as they clear the tunnel . Sarah dodge to one side and lock the brake . the bike slide , fish-tailing . the truck roar past , hit the air-brake . the trailer force she closer and closer to the guardrail as terminator try to sandwich she . the bike slide to a stop . the rearmost set of trailer wheel slam into the guardrail right in front of Sarah . Sarah emerge from a cloud of tire smoke , cut across all four lance behind the stop semi . CUT to : 243 ext . freeway embankment - night 243 Sarah try to ride down the steep embankment but lose control , spilling the bike . she and Kyle tumble down the slope . moving with her as she scramble , half - drag Kyle , through a row of tree at a chainlink retain fence . she crawl under the fence , tug Kyle and the satchel through after . Sarah look up at the source of a sudden thunderous roar . CUT to : 243/fx angle on tanker 243 / fx it appear above they , grind over the embankment . it roll down the steep slope toward camera , flattening tree . CUT to : 244 ext . industrial site - night 244 Sarah and Kyle scramble up and run across the storage lot of a modern factory complex of low building . Kyle struggle to keep up , hold the satchel . like a juggernaut the truck follow , smash through park car and flattening a pre - fab storage build . they enter a alley - like space between two building . Kyle be fumble to open the satchel . angle back as the tanker enter the alley . it tear the corner off one build as it turn in . terminator look down from he mountain of steel . CUT to : 245 int . tanker cab - night 245 over terminator's shoulder , look down at a tiny figure below , run in the headlight ' glare . it be Sarah , alone . CUT to : 246 ext . alley - night 246 reese crouch in a trash-dumpster which be sandwich between the wall and the tanker . there be only inch of clearance as the trailer pass by . he light a pipe charge , jump up and wedge it under the tank - cylinder of the second trailer . he duck as it roll on . Sarah be stumbling in the glare of the truck 's light . e.c.u . - pipe bomb , the fuse burn . m.c.u . - terminator , through the windshield , he eye glow . c.u . - reese huddle in the dumpster . CUT to : 247/fx low wide angle on sarah and trailer ( process shot ) 247 / fx the rear trailer explode . a unbelievable fireball erupt skyward , silhouett Sarah 's run figure f.g . the dumpster be envelop by fire and hurl , roll , down the alley . Sarah make it around a corner as the forward trailer explode and a ocean of flame roll forward , blast by she . the dumpster topple and Kyle roll out , surround by fire . 248/fx sequence - terminator 248/ fx in the center of the inferno terminator struggle violently . his flesh fire and sizzle . he tear loose from the twisted wreckage and collapse to the ground . sink into a charree Mass . stop moving . c.u . - terminator , mouth open , skull - like , motionless in the flame . CUT to : 249 ext . alley - night 249 Sarah crawl away from the intense heat and lie watch the motionless figure in the blaze . CUT to : 250 ext . alley / far end - night 250 Sarah round the corner , staggering , search . she see Kyle crumpled face - down near the dumpster , shelter from the heat by its mass . she drag he away . roll he over . c.u . - reese , he head loll . he open he eye reese ( weakly ) Sarah . sarah we do it , Kyle . we get it . she hug he . CUT to : 250 /fx full shot ( process ) 250 / fx they hold the embrace , silhouett by the diminish flame . it would be a wonderful final image . except ... terminator stagger out of the blaze behind they . m.c.u . - terminator , the last flake of flesh be fall from he like burn leave . his gleam structure be reveal in all its intricacy . no longer a ' he ' , but a ' it ' . it look like death render in steel . a chrome skeleton with hydraulic muscle and tendon of flexible cable . in the socket of the metal skull , the eyeball swivel with a whir of tiny servos , both glow red now . it turn slowly and fix its gaze directly into camera . CUT to : 251 ext . alley - night 251 c.u . - sarah - she choke on a scream , cram knuckle in she mouth . full shot ( fx ) , as the machine take a step toward they , drag one malfunctioning leg . panaglide with kyle and sarah as they stagger to they foot and run to the nearest building . they come to a glass door . Kyle kick it in . unlatch it . they enter dark office to the sound of alarm and distant siren . CUT to : 252 int . corridor - night 252 Sarah and Kyle run down a corridor . through a door , which they close and lock . they move off down a cross-corridor . the terminator blast the door off its hinges , f.g. , and stagger through . it start after they recede figure as they round the corner at the end of the hall . CUT to : 253 int . OPEN office - night 253 wrack , exhaust , they stumble through a maze of parti - tioned office cubicle . CUT to : 254 int . corridor - night 254 the terminator catch sight of they through a floor - to - ceiling window . it make a unhesitate right turn through the glass . CUT to : 255 int . OPEN office - night 255 Sarah and Kyle look back at the sound of shatter glass . panaglide preceding the terminator as it crash forward , line - of -sight , through the maze . it splinter partition . fling desk out of the way . following sarah and kyle as they reach a heavy firedoor and go through . CUT to : 256 int . manufacactur area - night 256 Kyle slide the bolt on the metal firedoor . behind they be acre of machinery in darkness . silence . crash ! the terminator hit the door from the far side . hinge squeal . Kyle go to a large breaker panel and open it . start throw switch . behind they , machine start up one by one . sarah ( panting ) what be you do ? reese ( weakly ) cover ... we footstep ... he sag , slide down the wall . she pull he up . half - carry he into the maze of machine . the dark gallery be fill with whirring , clanking shape , shatter conveyer belt and improbable mechanism lash mindlessly . reese slip to the floor and Sarah be no longer able to support he . reese ( faintly ) leave I here . Sarah crouch beside he . grab he shirt front . yell over the machine . sarah I be not leave you anywhere you jerk . have not you figure it out ? Kyle , John be we son . reese 's eye refocus . sarah ( continue ) there be not go to be anybody else ... I do not want anybody else . listen to I ! she pause , then resume in a commanding , military shout . sarah ( continue ) move ! reese ! let 's go . move you ass ! she drag he to he foot and he stagger on . hinge shatter and the firedoor be hurl inward . the terminator scan the darkness . angle - panning with sarah and kyle as they move through the machine . the cyborg step forward , scan methodically . Sarah and Kyle move in a crouch through the treacherous tangle of pipe and machinery . Kyle pick up a length of pipe to use as a weapon . as they climb out onto a cat - walk between the two huge mechanism , Sarah clamber over a innocuous control panel . her knee inadvertently hit a red push button . with a roar the stamp - plate of a hydraulic PRESS slam down a inch from she hand . startle , she tumble to the catwalk . the terminator 's eye swivel as he hear the single non - rhythmic sound . Kyle and Sarah run to the end of the catwalk , but find the door there lock . sarah come on ! they double back to escape the cul - de-sac . the terminator step in front of they , cut they off . reese ( shouting ) run ! he push Sarah roughly and she stumble away . Kyle raise the pipe with he good arm as the terminator advance . reese ( over he shoulder ) run , damn it ! she hesitates , back away . the cyborg swing at reese steel clang on steel . Kyle strike and parry but be sledgehammered back . angle on catwalk as Kyle land in a heap , smashed against a stanchion of the railing which prevent he fall to the factory floor twenty foot below . Sarah turn and run . low angle past reese , f.g. , as the cyborg approach he . e.c.u . - a fuse burning . c.u . - kyle's face streak with blood , press to the floor as a metal foot clang down , f.g . his eye snap open . Sarah fall , get up , run on . the terminator draw back for a death blow . and Kyle roll with the last of he strength , raise the pipe bomb he have be cradling . he jam it between two hydraulic cylinder just beneath the cyborg 's armored rib - cage . then roll off the catwalk . terminator have a instant to react , reach for the bomb , before it explode . Sarah be pitch forward by the blast and slide on the floor . slam up against one wall . a wither spray of shrapnel strafe the wall around she . piece of scrap metal clatter throughout the factory , rain - ing down . c.u . - sarah , very still . she wince and open she eye . slowly look up . Pov - sarah , as the smoke clear . the terminator be gone . unrecognizable clump of burning debris lie scattered about . look down through the grate floor she see Kyle 's body . low angle on kyle f.g. , Sarah on catwalk above . Kyle 's eye be half -open . still . his face peaceful . angle on one of the fire climb some plastic tub and trigger a sprinkler head . it begin to rain . c.u. - sarah sit up as the water run over she . she look down . protrude from she right thigh be a twisted piece of metal . shrapnel . part of the cyborg . she pull it out , grimace . her leg be break . it be a long time before she can gather the will to move . sarah' Pov - she see a wall phone several yard away , beyond the debris from the explosion . she start to crawl toward it . she pass a large clump of debris , f.g . angle on debris ( fx ) as it roll over suddenly ! now recognizable as the terminator be head and arm , with half of the scattered torso trail wire and twisted metal . it lunge for her ! Sarah want to scream this time , from the depth of she soul , but there be no scream , only a dry shiver sob . the terminator drag itself scraping over the floor , steel finger clutching . Sarah be shaking and whimper as she scrabble away , crawl in agony . angle on conveyor belt as Sarah flop from the catwalk onto the moving strip . she be carry into the intricate lattice of equipment . Sarah roll off weakly before go under a set of sorting roller . angle through machinery - on the terminator ( fx ) as it crawl after she , drag its body . it track she unerringly , eye glowing . Sarah move deeper into the dark , clashing jungle of machinery . around she be a rain - drench tangle of cable , pipe and unforgive mechanism of steel . the terminator clamber through after she . c.u . - sarah - Water pour into she eye as she catch sight of something . a familiar control BOX . she drag herself toward it . c.u . - the terminator ( fx ) - it spot she wedge in a tiny crawl space . no way out . it crawl the last few foot , eye red in the dark . hypnotize , Sarah watch the terminator reaching toward her . she be jamme in a corner . Sarah 's hand claw around to the front of the control panel , seek the red button . e.c.u . - her wet fingertip feel the button . angle on the terminator ( fx ) , he steel hand reach out . e.c.u . - sarah , she face inexplicably calm , eye steady in that infinite instant . she clenches she tooth to keep from scream as she wait . the terminator 's hand reach for she throat to crush the life out of she and end its long mission . sarah ( voice icy ) you be ... terminate ... fucker ! e.c.u . - button , as she bloody finger stab it down . full shot , show how the cyborg have be lead into the maw of the hydraulic PRESS . the stamping plate thunder down ! ton of mechanical pressure flatten the terminator 's head and body like tin-foil . the PRESS scream , jam solid . lightn snap out in one brief blaze , leaping to surround - ing machinery , arcing to Sarah 's wristwatch . all the terminator 's energy be release in one second . angle on the narrow gap between the upper and lower plate : a pinpoint of red light dwindle and goe out . tight on sarah , shiver uncontrollably . the steel finger be freeze a inch from she throat . she can only stare as water run over she . CUT to : 257 int . factory - dawn 257 close on the side rail of a ambulance gurney snapping up into position . Sarah 's eye be close and she be move out of frame . wide shot , show the gurney be roll by two attendant past the site of the last explosion . several police officer be pick through the debris . panning with the gurney as it be wheeled out , hold on two factory employees , f.g . one , the plant manager , bend to examine a piece of the cyborg lie at the base of the hydraulic press . a cop , b.g. , notice this . cop look , I tell you not to touch anything until we be do . you get that ? manager sure thing , officer . he stand and palm a small object to he assistant . they step around the corner . assistant what be it ? manager microcomputer chassis . but I have never see stuff like this anywhere . assistant weird . jap stuff , maybe ? manager keep it out of sight and get it down to R and D Monday , first thing . assistant good idea . CUT to : 258 ext . build - dawn 258 Sarah be be lift into the ambulance . she look up as the door be latch shut . tilt up to follow she gaze . the sign above the entrance of the building read : cyber dynamics corporation slow dissolve to : 259 int . / ext . landrover - late afternoon 259 macro on cassette recorder , the center capstan of a tape turn . sarah ( v.o. ) ... and the hardest thing be decide what I should tell you and what not to . well , anyway , I have get a while yet before you be old enough to understand the tape . they be more for I at this point ... to help get it all straight . cover shot reveal Sarah as the wheel of a dusty landrover park at the pump island of a tiny gas station . all of its sign be in hand - lettere Spanish . Beyond lie a expanse of scrub desert . the sky scowl with a impending storm . Sarah speak quietly into a hand microphone as a dark - complect attendant laconically fill she tank . she cradle the cassette recorder in she lap , in the lee of she swollen belly . she look to be about six month along . under she down vest she wear a leather shoulder holster and the butt of a .357 revolver press against she breast . she tug the vest close as the attendant glance she way . a german shepherd sit in the back among tape box and suitcase . sarah ( continue ) should I tell you about you father ? that 's a tough one . will it change you decision to send he here ... know ? but if you do not send Kyle , you could never be . God , you can go crazy think about all this ... I suppose I will tell you ... I owe he that . and maybe it will be enough if you know that in the few hour we have together we love a lifetime 's worth ... click . whir . Sarah jump at a sound nearby , break she reverie . a small mexican boy have snap she picture with a beat - up Polaroid camera . he hold it out to she , speak rapid Spanish . attendant he say you be very beautiful , senora , and he be ashamed to ask five american dollar for this picture , but if he do not , he father will beat he . sarah that 's a pretty good hustle , kid . four. quatro . the boy take she four dollar and she watch the snapshot develop . it be a good photograph of she , the wind lightly ruffling she hair , expression think - ful , slightly sad . we recognize it as the one reese carry in 2029 . she slip it into she short pocket . attendant mil trescientos ... fifteen dollar american . as she pay he , distant thunder roll . the boy yell something in Spanish as he run off . sarah what do he say ? attendant ( accented ) there be a storm come in . Sarah gaze at the thunderhead building up out over the desert . heat lightning pulse in they depth . sarah ( quietly ) I know . camera crane up as she pull away , drive across the flat desert on a ribbon of highway . a brilliant flash crescendos from horizon to horizon out at the rim of the world .