fade in : tight close - joe therrian - morning he 's in he mid-thirty , he face relaxed in sleep , childlike . nestled soundly a tangle in the arm of he wife . the camera stays close . slightly blurred , soft , slowly swing round tight close - sally therrian she 's in she mid-thirty , with large deep eye . she watch she husband unguard in sleep . her pretty face , alert , she 's barely breathe . traces the just visible line around he eye , and mouth . brushes fingertip against he eyelash . tight close - sally hand pull the bedroom shade . it retract with a loud whack , sun , sky , tree . steven ( o.s. ) and breath ... and chataronga ... ext . pool area - day we be in the middle of a yoga lesson . Joe and Sally stand on they mat . Steven , they instructor , wander around the couple issue soft -spoken instruction . a large room with hard wood floor , dominate by a huge fireplace . the dining room on one side , live room on the other . floor to ceiling window overlook the back porch garden pool ... the house be classic neutra . all glass and smooth line . the calm be break by the telephone . Joe and Sally ignore it until the answer machine pick up . they break they yoga pose and listen . the camera hover over the answer machine . lucy ( o.s. ) ( over answer machine ; sweet , british , slightly desperate ) Joe , it 's Lucy . remember I ? it 's the black sheep here . bah ... not funny . have not hear from you , need you , call I . Love you madly . hi , Sally . Joe , I would love to talk to you before I go ... joe go where ? lucy ( o.s. ) ( over answer machine ) it 's a damn nuisance you be not here , big brother . sorry I drine on . I miss you . I lo -- the machine cut she off . new angle Joe and Sally have resume they position . this be not the call they be wait for . wide shot america , forty -one , and rosa , fifty , struggle up the step of the back porch carry grocery bag and package , come through the slide glass door ... the camera follows they through the dining room and into the kitchen , watch the two unpack grocery , flower , etc. , and start to dress the dining room table . they speak quietly to each other in Spanish . joe America , could you just ... America close the slide door between the kitchen and the dining room , give the couple they privacy . joe ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) thank you , America ! steven okay , let 's just take a deep breath , let you rib expand and relax . and reach up and into downward dog . otis , the bisenji / sheperd mix , sleep on he leopard pillow , stir , stretch and groan . joe and sally good boy , otis . the phone ring again . voice ( o.s. ) ( over answer machine ) hello , I have Dr. harmon call for Sally therrian . Sally jump out of the down dog position and run to the phone , all angle . sally hello , hi , hi ... and ? thank god. Sally stand with the phone to she ear , she back to Joe . ext . pool area - continuous Joe watch she from he position , not concentrate on the teacher wait a sign . Sally return to the lesson . they do they handstand against the wall , on either side of the front door . sally no luck . joe oh , well , we will just have to try again . sound like a plan ? Sally nod , she and Joe , at Steven 's instruction , come out of they handstand and lie on the floor in a stretch relax , face one another . sally happy anniversary , baby . joe happy anniversary . they smile . steven and change side ... America slide open the dining room door . the dining table be cover with bundle of freshly cut flower . Rosa be sing in Spanish . america ( with the authority of long year of service ) Mr. Joe , we have to have the house . if you please now ... joe it 's yours . the camera glance off photo of the couple : portrait and candid , they wedding day , with friend , on vacation , tumble on the lawn , and the like . some frame and hang , some tape to the fridge or simply lean on a shelf . it 's clear that at least a handful be by the same photographer , black and white , grainy and beautiful . there be lot of photo of Joe and he sister Lucy , document they relationship from childhood . there 's a annie leibowitz photo-shoot of Sally carelessly display somewhere . int . bedroom - later Joe stand behind Sally in front of the full length mirror , he arm around she , stroking she belly . joe I love you . most beautiful woman in the world . sally hardly ... joe accept a compliment . sally I think you be the most beautiful woman in the world . they move toward the bed . joe what do you get I ? sally in the morning , after everyone 's go and there 's just we . she push he on the bed . joe kiss my eye . she do . sally my wrist . he do . joe kiss the back of my knee . sally through the sweat or not ? joe not . she pull down he sweat . she kiss the back of he knee . he turn , stare up at she . sally what ? joe you do not kiss anyone else 's knee , do you ? Sally shake she head . sally no. do you ? joe ( after a beat ) no. I miss that . sally I miss all of you . we be okay , be not we ? joe we be great . sally I mean , you be really back . joe for good . they begin to make love ... the phone ring . joe ( cont 'd ) do not get it . sally well , it might be Clair . they be threaten not to come ... joe what ? sally they can not find a sitter ... ( into the receiver ) hello ? Excuse I ? yes , uh , hold on . ( she look at Joe ) just a moment . ( put the call on hold ) it 's skye davidson . she need direction to the house . you invite skye fuck davidson to we anniversary party ? joe okay . I be sorry , look , I mean to tell you . it be the only chance I have to meet she . sally you invite she to we anniversary party ? I do not even invite my mother . joe she go on location tomorrow . Sally , I be sorry . look , I can not keep she on hold . sally ( piss ) no , no of course not . it 's skye fuck davidson , for fuck 's sake . joe ( regards she ) you want I to uninvite she ? sally no , no of course not . how old be she ? twenty -fuck -two ? she get out of bed , start into the bathroom . the camera be with she . sally ( cont 'd ) ( into the bathroom mirror ) and she 's a stinking fuck actress , for fuck 's sake . joe ( into the receiver ) skye ! ( he face light ) I be so glad you be able to make it ... it 's we sixth , actually . ( flatter ) you read the book again ? well , no , the end to chapter six ... it 's just that it 's not filmic . we try it in a earlier draft , but , it just be not filmic ... well , sure , we can absolutely look at that again . if you be come from Laurel , you want to take sunset west , we be just past will Rogers State Park . Three block west of that , you want to hang right . it 's about three quarter of a mile up a big white thing on the leave . Sally 's start the bath , and be watch he from the doorway . he meet she eye mid-sentence . joe ( cont 'd ) oh ? I do not think tonight . I be sure they be well behave . all we friend have dog , and they always want to bring they . we would be outnumber , you see ? so we sort of put a ban on it . sorry . he roll he eye . Sally walk back into the bathroom , she be not buy it . joe ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be look forward to meeting you , too . and skye , I be thrilled that you be willing to take this leap with I . eternally grateful , really . sally ( into the bathroom mirror ) I be go to throw up . joe ( o.s. ) I can not imagine anyone else play genna . sally ( sanguine ) really ? int . bedroom - later the doorbell ring . there be two close door on either side of the room . the bed show no sign of consummate sex . Joe come through the leave hand door , nearly dress . joe who the fuck can be here at this time ? it 's not even seven ! Sally come through the other door , one shoe off , one on . sally oh Jesus , who else be always early for Christ 's sake ? new angle Sally kiss he cheek on she way to the door . sally ( cont 'd ) promise you will be nice to the neighbor . joe I will say as little as possible . Sally exit the bedroom . hold on joe for a moment , then Sally re-enter , kiss he deeply . sally I love you . int . foyer - early evening the house be fill with exquisite flower arrangement , candle everywhere . jerry and judy adam be on the porch , just beyond the glass of the front door . they argument be inaudible . they be in they mid-thirty , conservatively dress . she 's stun , genetically nervous . Jerry carry a briefcase . she 's get the gift . Sally open the door . hug and bus they , hello . judy I know we be early , we be so early . sorry . jerry you have to sign you tax anyway . sally ( a grin ) of course we do . ( to Judy ) we have to sign we tax . joe ( kiss Judy ; all charm ) you can never be too early or too thin . jerry happy anniversary , buddy ! six month ago , who would have thunk it ? Jerry hug Joe . joe ( sotto ) well , not I , to be honest . jerry ( sotto ) do not fuck up again . it 's get a ripple effect . Sally suffer , we all suffer . judy ( offer ) we have a gift ? joe thanks , I will take that . Champagne ? judy Lovely . Joe move toward the kitchen . jerry ( a moment , to Sally ) we close . sally fantastic . ( take he hand ) out here . they step out onto the porch . Judy 's leave alone , unsure whether to follow or not . judy ( finally , to no one , and to no response ) the house look beautiful , be that hydrangeas ? she stand awkwardly in the middle of the foyer . ext . porch - continuous jerry Joe officially own no. 4 , cheyenne walk , chelsea , London , England . no small do . sally I love you , you be a genius . behind they , in the foyer , Judy wander aimlessly . jerry I suppose . Sally , that 's quite a gift . I be not sure it 's in you best interest . sally I adore he . jerry the realtor will be here tomorrow in the morning . the house have to go on the market to insure the loan on the London flat . sally I know . I know that . do not spoil it . jerry what you earn have to double in order to cover expense in London , it 's a outrageously expensive city . sally we have only be over this how many time ? jerry you only make half you quote this year . sally well , you be a tower of support . jerry I worry because you do not . it 's my job . I be feel guilty . I would have like it if you wait until the two of you be on more solid ground . sally ( direct , simple ) we could not be on more solid ground . jerry whatever you say . listen , I love you . otis be bark . joe ( o.s. ) otis ! no bark ! sally ( touch ) and Joe 's huge in Europe . he 's like a rock star in London . his novel sell million . jerry not million . sally he 's direct now . jerry they be pay he scale . the camera catch sight of Joe behind they . he move through the foyer and into the live room with a tray of glass and Judy in tow . sally he get huge advance on he novel . he 's go back to that . you know how he hate it here . jerry there 's still time to undo this . sally ( kiss he cheek ) we will be fine . jerry ( be : bark dog ) do you invite they ? sally the rose ? and of course they say yes . jerry that be the plan . and you be thrilled to have they . sally whatever you say . jerry do you tell Joe to behave ? sally yes . jerry do he promise ? sally scout 's honor . jerry before I forget . ( pull a novel from he briefcase ) put it on the bookshelf . she flip the book -- on the back be a full page picture of ryan rose . sally you be out of you mind . jerry just do what I say , alright ? sally how much bow and scraping do you want we to do ? jerry beat a lawsuit . int . live room - continuous Joe and Judy sit on opposite side of the sofa -- slightly uncomfortable with each other . joe ( to fill the silence , conspiratorial grin ) I love gift . what do you guy get we ? judy ( choke on the champagne ) nothing that can not be exchange . joe oh. well. good . judy congratulation on the deal . how exciting . be Sally do Sally ? I mean it 's Sally . the character that 's base on Sally . the character that 's base on Sally in the book . joe the novel . no , skye davidson be play the lead . judy oh my God , I be a huge skye davidson fan . she 's very beautiful . joe yes , she be . judy ( try harder ) but I be right , yes ? she 's base on Sally . joe it 's a novel . judy still . well . let 's drop it . joe yes . judy I be not much of a reader , but I do love autobiography , even biography sometimes . mostly non-fiction . do you read the new styron ? joe no. judy it 's very good . ( a moment ) I understand you win the booker Prize . joe yes I do . judy ( another moment ) be you script much like the novel ? Jerry say it 's very good . but you know , you read the novel , and then you see the movie - and most of the time you say , " what 's this ? " you know ? I sometimes think we be better off not read the novel at all . because , we come with expectation ... and of course , we know where we be go . do not you find ? joe do not I find what ? judy I do not know why Joe , we have know each other how long ... joe not long . judy ( benign ) do not be silly . joe joke . judy yes I know . I start to say ... I start to say Joe that -- joe do I put you off ? judy you manage to throw I off balance . I adore you . joe and I you . judy but I be always afraid I will say something stupid . joe ah. judy and so I always manage to , do you see ? like the book / script thing , do you see ? joe mmm hmmm . int . foyer cal and sophia gold be there with they child - jack and evie - eight and six respectively . carry gift and tote with toy and change . Jerry and Sally have gather they up and ushere they in . sally you know Jerry . cal yes , of course . sophia I be the wife . we have meet . jerry ( hug she ) you , I know . sally ( to evie ) hey , beautiful girl . she pick up the four- year- old , swing she around . Jack hide behind he father 's leg . sophia ( a grin ) Jack ? Jack , you promise . the little boy come out from behind he father 's leg , cover he eye with he hand . jack ( sing ) happy anniversary to you . we be glad Joe come home . do not split up again . Cause we like the food . much laughter and clap . joe ( in the archway ) Jack . do you compose that yourself ? cal absolutely . joe have a little help ? cal absolutely not . joe it have you ring . cal I be not that good . jerry Cal , my wife Judy . judy Nice to meet you . cal I think we have meet , actually . no ? at another one of this thing ? judy no , I do not think so . jerry ( to Cal ) congratulation on the Academy Award . great performance . really warrant . sophia he think so . jerry Sally always manage to get rob . sally ( a mortify grin ) enough about I . sophia evie have a little something for you . evie shake she head . sophia ( cont 'd ) you do . evie ( even ) I do not think so . sally since when be you so shy ? evie ( she mother 's daughter ) never . sophia ( bright smile ) honey , we have gift for you and all sort of surprise . where be America ? I know she 's here somewhere . Joe reach for the gift . joe I will take they . sophia no , I have a little talk to do with America . privately . I will find she . sally ( to Sophia ) in the kitchen . joe who would like to go and find otis ? evie me! jack I guess . judy the infamous dog ? joe he 's the best dog in the world . ( to Judy ) they be both come tonight . not my idea . judy our . joe it 's Jerry 's worst idea . cal what 's that ? joe the neighbor from hell . the kind that lay in wait . I would rather move actually . would not I ? ( to Sally ) would not I ? sally ( small smile ) yes . joe ( to the kid ) okay . last one to find otis be a smelly old bum . Joe go off with the child to find otis . Cal sit at the piano , play . int . foyer - front door - continuous Joe hold evie in one arm . Jack stand beside he , hold he hand . monica and ryan rose face he across the threshold -- the next door neighbor . she 's in she late twenty - and beautiful , eye everywhere - star strike and house strike . Ryan be somewhat older , a little awkward in company , swallow resentment and a little self righteous . joe well , hello you two . ( put evie down ; to Jack ) this be the people who live next door . say hello . Jack do . joe ( cont 'd ) and close the door , Jack . because if we leave it open , otis will run out and you know what will happen then ? jack uh , uh . joe he will run next door into they backyard and he will bark and bark and bark and eat they pitbull for he dinner . be it a pitbull ? ryan ( not amused ) no , actually . joe ( to Jack ) oh whatever . we do not want that to happen , do we ? jack no ? ryan it 's a rottweiler , actually . ( to Jack ) I do not think we rottweiler be in any danger , Jack . joe well , Jack and I be very relieved . ryan I think this be a party . be we go to talk about the dog thing ? monica please , Ryan . joe ( kiss she cheek and shake he hand ) no , he 's absolutely right . you be absolutely right , Ryan . Dog talk must be ban . canine conversation be completely discourage ... it 's really good of you to join we . can I get you a drink ? ryan not for I , thanks . a awkward moment . monica ( check with Ryan ) something soft . joe right away . be you sure you would not like something soft , Ryan ? ryan I be sure , yes . Sally have watch some of this from the archway , join they super- friendly . sally hi. monica and Ryan ? monica Sally ? sally yes . and you have meet Joe . ryan yes . sally ( a deep breath ) well , so glad you decide to come . monica we could hardly say no . sally oh ? Joe slip the coke into monica 's hand . sally ( cont 'd ) ( take the gift ) thank you . this be so unnecessary . I hope you have notice that otis be not bark as much . we keep he in at night . ryan at 4:30 today he bark for a solid fifteen minute . I have it on tape . sally you be keep a record , be you ? ryan it 's just very distracting when you be try to work . monica Ryan . ryan ( to Joe ) I be sure you understand . sally well the neighborhood be full of dog , and it 's not always otis . ryan well today it be otis . and you should keep he away from we yard . because Sheila will defend herself . monica Ryan ! sally ( cut off response from Joe ; to Ryan ) be you work on a new book ? ryan ( catch short ; flatter ) well , yes , actually . monica he always have two or three go ... sally really ? Joe can not manage more than one at a time . with huge gap in between . new angle mac and clair forsythe wave from the door . Clair 's arm be full of present . Mac carry three video camera under he arm . he 's get otis by the collar . mac you lose this ? joe ( be : otis ) ah there 's we snookum now . ryan yes , well , but I have not win a booker either . or the whitebread . mac the gate be open . sally well , not yet . ( she react to Mac ) the gate be open ? joe it 's take care of . monica I think Ryan need a new publisher . I think he 's outgrown he . they be just not do they job . a silence . awkward smile go all around . sally hor d'oeuvre or something ? monica yes , great ! it 's a beautiful house . sally thank you . I understand you be a interior decorator . monica yes . sally I so wish I would know . monica well , whoever do this be amazing . sally I do it . joe ( come on they with the forsythes in tow ) she rarely cop to it . ( kiss Sally 's cheek ) otis be home . clair ( be : the gift ) where can I put this ? Sally take the gift from she . clair ( cont 'd ) what a fuck day ! we only just get a sitter . I do not know she from fuck Adam . she could be a serial killer . I be go to have to call every ten minute . you have to let I give out the number . sally of course . mac she already have . clair it 's alright , be not it ? sally of course it 's alright . mac Clair be a hover mother . clair I be not . sally this be monica and Ryan . Mac and Clair . Clair take a glass of champagne off the tray as they make they way down the hall . clair ( a wide professionally ingratiate smile ) so nice ... monica and for we ... truly . clair well ... monica you will never know . clair ( pleased ) oh. ( to Sally ) I have a four-thirty call . am . so we may have to leave early . sally why do not you bring he ? clair what ? sally why do not you bring he ? clair ( search ) he 's allergic . sally oh. clair to dander . otis . sally oh. clair do not I say ? sally well , probably . clair they can tell from the eyelash , you know ? he 's get eyelash yay long . they must be a foot long . the older you be when you have a baby , the more likely this stuff be to crop up . sally ( mute ) oh . the rose be happy to stand there on the fringe . next to someone they have only see on screen and magazine cover . Clair 's not in the least put off by they . she manage to smile at they inclusively from time to time . clair so they tell I . not soon enough , of course . ( kiss she cheek ) how be you , sal ? you look fantastic . it change you life , you know . a baby . it put everything in perspective , do not it . do not it , Mac ? you can not be the center of you own world , anymore . mac ( as ground as Clair be not ) it 's a object lesson in grace . ( on see Cal gold on the back porch ) wow ! look who 's here before I ! my lead man be on time for once . cal ( at the piano ) that who can not direct . mac fuck you . ext . pool area Mac and Cal sit on the porch share a joint . Cal be maybe the only live complete work of Shakespeare and pull out he most arcane quote on occasion . cal be that we daily ? you be totally outrageous . it 's they anniversary . be nothing sacred ! well ...so...how be I ? mac ( laugh ) oh man , you be so fuck funny in the kitchen scene . cal I like the third take , the accidental disaster with the silverware . mac nothing you do be accidental ... medium full shot the camera spot gina taylor through move body . tall , beautiful , center grace . she 's get a leica around she neck ... drop she two large camera bag on the floor . several of the other guest greet she , Mac among they . tight close Joe sweep she up to he arm . it 's a intimate , appreciative embrace . theirs be a mid-30s relationship , certainly pre-sally . maybe he first important love . gina ( be : the camera ) I be the hire help . joe ( affectionate ) fuck you . gina I never put myself in harm 's way . joe anymore . gina no , not anymore . happy anniversary , scout . new angle Sophia burst from the kitchen . sophia oh my God ! America tell I you neighbor be come ? sally and here they be ! sophia and she be say how happy you be to finally have they over . because you be both , so , what - introspective ? and you should have do it age ago . I be Sophia gold . ( rescue Sally ) come meet my husband , Cal . monica Cal gold ? sophia the very one . and you be ... sally monica and Ryan . ryan Rose . sophia sorry ? ryan Ryan Rose . sophia yes . she shake he hand . he 's amaze at the solid grip . sally he 's a novelist . sophia ah . sally like Joe . sophia hmm. ( to Sally ) where be my kid ? sally in the guest room . I have laid out a paint table for they . sophia I hope they be watercolor ! sally nevermind . sophia ( to monica ) would you like to meet my husband ? it 's all monica can do to keep from put she hand to she chest . monica I would be thrilled . sophia then he will be thrilled . she usher they toward the live room . joe ( be : Sophia , appreciative ) she 's such pure evil . Sally approach , give gina a warm kiss on the chest . sally thanks for come . gina happy anniversary . you be a good match , you two . ( to Joe ) can you help I with this stuff ? joe ( be : one of she bag ) that for we ? gina what a nose . you miss you call . joe can I open it ? gina ( defer ) Sally ? joe please ? sally he 's impossible . go on then . Joe rip open the gift . it 's a frame black and white of Joe , Sally and otis lie on the couch . it 's clear which photo in the house be gina 's . it 's a breathtaking print , a amazing catch moment . all light and shadow . a touch study . sally ( cont 'd ) ( respectful of the talent ) it 's beautiful , thank you so much . Joe , move somehow , hug gina to he . kiss she . joe I love you , gina Taylor . Sally 's uncomfortable , a little jealous ... feel intrusive . aware that gina get there first . knew he when . and always capture something naked and vulnerable in he face . CUT to : int . guest room - continuous in the center of the room a low table with paint and crayon and glue and bauble . two child size chair either side . empty , the table have not be touch . evie stand against the far wall . she wear a helmet and be surround by toy suction arrow . the arrow make a perfect outline of she head and body . Jack stand three foot away , bow in hand -- the archer prepare he next shot . int . live room Cal be at the piano , charming the neighbor . Judy chat with mac. Jerry be on he cellphone , hold he Palm Pilot , he hand press against he ear to block out the chatter . Sally join Cal on the piano stool . Sophia move to Clair on the couch , kiss she cheek . sophia you look so well , Clair . a wraith . clair ( pleased ) you think so !? I have be work out a lot since the baby . and I have be work . and that take it 's toll , you know . sophia I be glad that 's all over for I . clair do not you miss it ? sophia never . clair really . sophia not for a second . Cal can have all that . clair really ? sophia so where be young jonah ? clair with a sitter . we have a sensational sitter . jonah 's really comfortable with she . you know , a second mom sort of . like part of the family . amazing with kid . she inadvertently touch the beeper on she belt , and it beep . she jump . sophia what be that thing ? clair so this sitter can always reach I . I be still not use to leave he . sophia you should have bring he . clair ( shrug ) dander . he 's allergic . otis . sophia oh . do you have any picture ? clair picture . they be always in my tote . I leave my tote in the damn trailer . but ! he 's Mac all over again . imagine Mac shrink to two - and -a-half foot . the fact be they probably do not even need I for this birth . sophia be you the funniest person I know , or what ? clair I can not think how you give it all up , soph . Sophia send she a soft , content smile . otis come over and nuzzle Clair 's knee . clair ( cont 'd ) ( freek ) oh my God , the dog ! int . kitchen / hallway - continuous Clair lead Sally towards the bedroom . clair it sound hysterical , but otis just rubbed up against I and I would kind of like to change into something of yours . you know it could be disaster . he 's so allergic . it 's terrifying . sally borrow whatever you like . clair I will change back before we leave . sally ( point ) whatever you like . I be afraid it will all be too big for you . ( a moment ) be you alright , Clair ? clair I be fine . I be fine . well , I be a little stress . and I have be take pill to get my weight down since the baby . sally I would say it be down . clair and the doctor say they might make I a little jumpy . I have get a ghastly headache , actually . sally you want a tylenol , or something ? clair I would love a xanex . ( a moment ) Sally , please do not tell Sophia that I be not breast feed . sally why would she care ? clair you know Sophia . she 's so damned judgemental . and she 's so damned ... perfect . and so fuck ... serene . just fuck do not tell she . because you know Mac think she 's God . and I can feel he compare . sally you need to knock off the pill , Clair . clair just do not fuck tell she . sally it 's not go to come up . int . foyer - levi pane through the glass door - day a Peter seller look -a- like hold a violin case . joe ( open the door ) pane ! how be you ? pane oh , you know , I be . joe have she call ? pane she will never call again . she call last week to tell I she will never call again . where 's Sally ? sally ( o.s. ) here I be . pane , my love ! Sally start down the hallway . sally ( cont 'd ) ( for pane ; a long supportive hug ; a kiss ) good , you bring you violin . I want you to play . pane it 's a machine gun . I think I would kill myself . sally be you lovesick ? pane suicidal . it 's much less codependent . sally will champagne help ? pane not enough . Sally take pane into the live room where everyone chat , drink , smoke . they all like each other out of habit , if nothing else . Ryan and monica be on the fringe , stand at the edge of conversation . there 's always someone at the piano , and they can all pretty much play . sally pane be here ! pane ( give everyone a shy , pain little wave ) oh great . everyone stop , turn , toast . everyone pane ! monica / ryan ( a little late ; into silence ) pane . pane give they another little wave . doorbell ring . tight close - skye davidson skye hi. she 's the young , beautiful actress who will play the lead in Joe 's film . joe ( he face light up ) skye ! she 's in jeans , but somehow look dress to the 9s . skye you be Joe , be not you ? ( nod knowingly ) I recognize you from the book jacket . Joe grin from ear to ear . uncharacteristically star strike in front of this beauty . joe how do you do , skye ? skye oh , I love that . ( throw arm around he ) I be just great . I be so happy to be here . and I apologize for invade you . and I be so happy you ask I to . I be so touch . I know how private you and Sally be . joe ( uncomfortable ) yeah , well , it 's just we and a few hundred of we close friend . skye ( genuine ) when I read you work I feel that you know I . woman must tell you that . and this one in particular speak to I , do you know ? I be genna . how many woman must tell you that . and the script be wonderful . wonderful and lean and visual ... joe I be so happy you like it . I be so relieved you say yes , and I be really , um , what , thrilled , yes actually , to finally meet you . skye you be go to be a remarkable director , a brilliant director . there 's a long moment . joe ( finally ) I think you be my first goddess . Sally and pane have be watch from the live room . pane she 's even better look in the flesh . sally really ? I need a drink . come hide with I . int . kitchen - moment later America and Rosa be work at the counter , pane and Sally come through . sally oh , Jesus , pane . I can not , I can not believe that bitch be in my house . pane you do not know she 's a bitch . sally she 's all over he , be you blind ? pane it could be worse . sally how ? pane she could be play the role in Joe 's movie that should be yours . sally fuck you , pane . pane you see , that 's worse . sally I just want tonight to be with the people we love . pane like you business manager ? sally they be not just we business manager , pane . pane oh , okay , forgive I . you neighbor be here , for fuck 's sake . sally exactly what I mean . it 's all ruin . pane it 's not ruin , for fuck 's sake . it 's one of you party . sally I do not want it to be just one of we party . pane " how be you really do , pane ? " " lousy , thank you , I be fall apart . " sally like the last time . pane no . no , not like the last time . she be the rest of my life . sally like the last time . pane I be not finish . sally okay . pane " we can not stand see you like this , pane . I hate you be alone . why do not you stay with we for a while ? " " I would love to , thanks . " sally it 's we anniversary , pane . pane I do not hear I say tonight . sally we be just feel we way back . pane " otherwise , we would insist on you be here . " sally you know it 's true . skye burst into the kitchen , Sally and pane freeze . skye ( stick ) oh my God , sorry . I be interrupt . sally I will be right out . pane ( over Sally ) come on in . skye I be in the same room with Sally nash . oh my God . you be my icon . I have be watch you film since I be a little girl . like , four year ago I follow you all around the beverly Center - at least half a day , work up the courage to introduce myself . Joe enter the kitchen , watch . sally I do not think I ever spend half a day in the beverly Center . skye whatever , do you remember ? I have see all you movie . when I be in rehab , the second time , they would not even let we see you drug addict movie . they say you be too real . I worship you . and I could not be more flatter , because I know the part I be play in Joe 's movie be base on you as a young woman . Joe wince , uncomfortable , pick up the bottle of wine and leave . skye ( cont 'd ) and I be overwhelm . and I want to do it justice . and I hope we can spend time together . and I be gush . it 's my worst quality . pane not at all . skye oh my god . I have be so rude . I be skye davidson . have anyone ever tell you , you look like Peter seller ? pane no , never . sally ( overlap pane ) everyday . pane I be Levi pane . will you excuse we , skye ? it 's time for Sally 's med . pane steer Sally out of the kitchen . sally it 's nice to meet you ... again . they go . skye be leave in the kitchen alone . skye ( to America ) oh my God , she remember I ! int . foyer - medium close Sally and pane start down the hall in search of privacy . sally ( under she breath ) thank you , thank you , thank you . clair ( on the way down ; a dream in white ) my God , you wardrobe be incredible . it take I forever to decide . oh , and I find Dr. X , thank you . you save my life . she move past they . sally ( a moment ; sotto ) shit ! pane ( be : the dress ) I would cut off she red wine if I be you . sally shit . it 's my galiano . pane what do that mean ? sally about five thousand dollar . with my discount . the camera follow they into the bedroom . they flop down onto the bed and into frame . int . live room - continuous more guest have arrive . Sophia and she child play with otis . America and Rosa pass round hot hor d'oeuvre . Joe place gina 's photo on the mantelpiece . gina ( regards he ) directing suit you . joe I be not so sure . look again in three month . gina it must be nice have so many stranger kiss you ass all of a sudden . joe ow ! gina , you obviously need to get fuck . gina just do . jealous ? joe when do he graduate high school ? gina ( laugh ) oh , very jealous . Joe laugh . gina ( cont 'd ) I see Lucy when I be in London , she seem okay . it 's hard to tell with she . joe shit , I forget to call she back . she 's off on a trip somewhere . oh God , my grandad 's flat in London 's be sell . gina in cheyene walk ? Lucy 's go to have a meltdown . oh , I be so sorry . joe I should have damn well buy it . well , we can not afford it . the movie 's go to eat up a year of my life and I be get pay next to nothing . do you know how much skye davidson 's get ? four million . gina yeah , but I hear she give a mean blow job . joe you really need to be fuck . int . bedroom - continuous sally so how be you really do , pane ? pane why do not you go fuck yourself ? sally ( laugh ) no. really . for real . really . pane I be worried about you galiano . sally ( slap he ) you be a shit . pane no , really , five thousand with you discount . he roll out from under she swat , she miss he . pane ( cont 'd ) you hurt , you know . you be stronger than you think . they lie prone across the bed , about a foot apart . contemplate the floor . pane ( cont 'd ) ( finally ) how 's the movie go ? you movie . you be make a movie , be not you ? sally yes . Fine . pane that 's it ? yes. Fine ? sally I do not want to talk about it . pane why not ? sally I never like to talk about my work . pane alright . well , that 's something new . sally no . not something new . pane well , something 's wrong . sally nothing 's wrong . it 's great , okay ? have the time of my life . Mac 's a fantastic director . and what can anyone say about Cal that have not be say . and it 's great work with friend , blah blah blah . pane ( a moment ; little smile ) um. happy for you . sally thanks . pane so tell I , how 's it go ? sally oh you know . no doubt . no second thought . be I a monster ? pane you be my best friend . sally that 's not a answer , be it ? pane yes , you be a monster . she take he hand . sound of the party come from below . sally ( a moment ) thank you , pane . pane you do not need to thank I . sally ( another moment ) we be go to have to go back out there . pane I guess . but neither of they move . int . live room - continuous sanford jewison be at the piano play he own stuff , oblivious to the din . the camera get a glimpse of Ryan through the french door at the pool , alone , a glass of perrier in he hand . medium close monica alone , uneasy , start to pour herself a glass of champagne . Jeffrey get to the bottle first . jeffrey let I . ( pour for she ) I be Jeffrey . monica monica . jeffrey and you know we friend , how ? monica we live next door . jeffrey oh . you be they . monica Excuse I ? jeffrey we have hear lot about you . monica ( lose ) you have ? ext . pool - continuous Judy Adams lose herself a little , step outside , sit alone ... judy ( smile over at Ryan ) hi. ryan hi . a little close in there . judy yup . int . music library - continuous a small , narrow room . not much more than a alcove . with space for a desk , stereo equipment , and shelf pack with CD . the topmost shelf be a line of record album . Joe 's pick through the CD . monica wander in from the live room , tote a glass of champagne ... watch he for a moment . monica you eame table be incredible . and the b&amp ; B . I just put that in a client 's home , actually , but in red . joe you be a interior decorator , right ? monica ( nod ) Sally do all this herself ? joe in fit and start -- and then , later , of course , she have to accommodate I . so thing shift a little bit then , become more eclectic . and it keep change . monica ( somehow at a loss ) mmm . it say something about the two of you maybe . joe yeah , we be in a constant state of flux . ( be : champagne ) I see you have move up from the soft stuff . monica oh , yes . you know Ryan 's be sober eight year . and it 's difficult if I ... you know . it 's better if I do not . joe uh-huh . monica I be a little nervous , so ... joe oh. monica a little out of my element . joe no you be not . monica well , yes . yes , in fact . a little on the outside , yes . and there 's be all this friction . joe hm . monica I do not know why , but this misunderstandings have a way of escalate . joe very well put . monica I think a lot of this could have be avoid if Sally make more of a effort . joe what ? monica but you be very private people . you know , there 's a kind of elitism ... joe ( piss ) elitism ? monica the wrong word , maybe . delete that . and , you know , the dog bark incessantly . joe and you know , he really do not . monica and Ryan work at home . joe and you phone call be nasty and abusive . and I have come this close to suing you for harassment . and you be only here because we be suppose to be suck up to you . her eye well with tear . joe ( cont 'd ) oh shit . I be sorry . monica well , that 's what Ryan think . I be more generous , actually . joe oh shit . I be sorry . I be a total fuck maniac . delete all that , okay ? I speak for myself , this need not rub off on my wife . oh shit . I get pissy sometimes . much worse than otis . otis do not bite . it 's just , I really love my dog and he do not really bark a lot . we live in a canyon . we hear dog bark at night , too . and it 's not otis . monica start to laugh . monica alright . it appear she 's consume more than one glass of champagne . joe easy tiger . monica alright . please do not tell Ryan I be drink . joe scout 's honor . monica ( grin ) I will be you best friend . she feel they have bond . she pull a well - thumbed copy of Joe 's novel from she purse . monica ( cont 'd ) would you sign it for I . ( dig for a pen ) I be sure this be inappropriate . joe we be way past inappropriate . monica giggle , press back the bubble rise in she chest and move toward she throat . manage not to burp . monica ( as he sign it ) I will treasure this . he move towards the doorway , monica at he heal . joe I need to leave you now . monica I will treasure this . joe ( shouting down the hall ) Sally !!!! int . dailies room - later - day Sally 's team prepare clue for charade . Sally write they down , throw they in a bowler hat . her teammate be pane , Sophia , Mac , Ryan , sanford and Jeffrey . sally pane ? pane from jewish folk poetry , a song cycle ... mac what ? sally trust he . pane it 's shostakovich . Ryan spot he book on the shelf and pull it out , delighted . sally Sandy ... sanford the wind up Bird Chronicle . sally ( turn to he ) Ryan ? ryan ( pleased ) I do not know you have this . sally oh. well , yes . it 's extraordinary . you think you could sign it for we ? ryan absolutely . you always wonder where you book end up . why do not we use it ? judy good idea . ryan there 's not a chance in hell anyone will get it ... mac down by Law . sophia who 's not go to get that in fifteen second . int . live room - continuous Joe 's team work on it 's clue . teammates : gina , Cal , Clair , skye , monica , Jerry and Mary - Lynn . everyone be talk over each other and fight for attention . there be a lot of strong personality here . joe can we ... one at a time ? hold it down , and one at a time . you be last , Cal . cal why last ? monica the katzenjammer kid . there 's a hush . monica ( cont 'd ) you know . it 's the funny . the katzenjammer kid . it 's my mother 's favorite charade 's clue . no one ever get it . pause . joe alright . good . Fine , I vote for that . he write it down . monica with a " Z . " K. A. T. Z. gina when the pawn Hit the conflict he thinks like a King what he know ... people hoot , throw they cocktail napkin . gina ( cont 'd ) what ? skye utopia Parkway ... they all start talk on top of each other again . int . live room - later the team have come together . joe who 's keep time ? Mac raise he hand on Sally 's side , Jerry on Joe 's . joe ( cont 'd ) two minute . sally ( defer first turn to Joe ) it 's alright . be we guest . she offer the hat . joe ( offer the hat ) you darling . pane reach into the hat . pane ( read clue ; to Joe ) what be it ? Joe whisper to he . pane ( cont 'd ) what 's a sign for that ? joe come on , pane ... jerry go! pane mime a belly laugh . jeffrey what the hell be that ? sally what be it pane ? pane sigh . sophia two word . he belly laugh . judy funny . a finger to he nose - elongate the word . sanford funny ? pane do a " on the nose . " get on all four . lick he paw . ryan the katzenjammer kid . the team applaud delight . pane preens . Joe 's team look over at monica . jerry ( already piss ) it 's only just start . great . the husband 's on the other fuck team . Jerry reach into the hat . look at the clue . mac go. jerry hey ! would you ? mac it be fifteen second . jerry I do not think so . mac be you always this much fun ? sally ( a grin ) take you time , jer . jerry I be ready . he give the clue " a song . " cal song. he give " cycle . " gina cycle . cal two word . second word . Jerry go to work on " sound like " for the word jewish . stroke beard , think , try " sound like " again . team think . pain . cal ( among other ) ponder . jerry come on , folk . cal first word . Jerry do the sign for the " short word . " team to , the , but , or ... Jerry shake he head . go to the third word . team ( cont 'd ) third word . one syllable . Jerry pull he ear , " sound like " . slide he finger through the o create by he thumb and forefinger . team ( cont 'd ) fuck ... sound like ... fork. flock ... he do the finger sign again . team ( cont 'd ) fuck . folk . Jerry give they " on the nose . " team ( cont 'd ) second word . mac thirty second . Jerry turn , give they a dirty look . joe jer. over here . over here . team second word . he stroke he beard again . skye ( blurt out ) from jewish folk poetry . Jerry look at she , amaze . she stand , throw hand up in triumph , do a little victory circle . the camera cut through the rest of the game , aggressive , competitive , verge on hostile . Sally be often aching from laughter , tear stream down she face . jerry time . hey ! time . Judy ! time you guy . hey !! judy ( she 's up ; turn to he , zeig heil 's he ) ya vhol . what be you , a fuck Nazi ? jerry well it 's fuck time . time CUT to : close shot jerry ( cont 'd ) ( shouting guess ) walk. cripple . limp . ankle . second syllable . second syllable . move on to the fuck second syllable . gina give clue start to laugh . jerry ( cont 'd ) ( sing out ) the clock be tick ! gina lose it , crack up . mac time . time CUT to : Jeffrey 's on he foot , give the clue . sally team ( unison ) quote . play . sophia oh shit . it 's one of Cal 's . obscure Shakespeare , folk . Cal give she a little wave from the other side . sophia ( cont 'd ) ( call over to he ) maybe something original for a change . Cal blow she a kiss . sally team ( in unison ) ten ...twenty ...thirty ... seven , eight . thirty -eighth word ... thirty - seventh word . gina 's be take shot through the course of the game , and the frame will freeze black and white on one of another delicious moment . there 's a spectacular shot of Sally , unaware , laugh , sad soft eye on Joe . medium close - america she watch the game from the archway , wait for a break . Sky 's up . Joe 's team yell frantic guess . Jerry 's suicidal . Sally 's team watch , self - satisfied , throw barb aside . sally ( to Joe 's look ; innocence ) I do not say a word . mac time ! jerry what be it ? what the fuck be it ? sally ( small grin ) Ryan 's novel . jerry Ryan 's novel ? judy Ryan 's novel , Jerry . america ( sing out ) dinner ! sally still champion . joe pane be not on you team anymore . pane what do I do ? sally pane be not on my team anymore . I will have pane if I like . america dinner . sally dinner . joe it 's a unfair advantage . sally you have get Cal . you have get gina . you have get skye ? we be the leftover . joe okay , knock it off . sally truce ? joe truce . sally dinner . ( on the move ) do not be angry . joe ( piss ) I be not fuck angry , for God 's sake . ext . pool area - magic hour evie and Jake run along the side of the house . behind the glass wall the camera catch adult move through the live room and into the dining room . int . dine room - magic hour most everyone 's move through to the dining room . the table be fill with platter of beautifully prepare food . candle , flower . astrid , newly arrive , carry a miniature furball , of questionable breed , be first in line and halfway around the table . she feed " anouk " bit from the table enroute . astrid ( barely look up as Sally come into the room ) so who win ? sally ( raise she hand ) a triumph . when do you get here ? astrid ten , fifteen minute ago . sally why do not you come in ? astrid I hate the sight of blood . you guy do not take prisoner . skye ( charme by the bundle in astrid 's arm ) oh how sweet . the furball bare tooth and growl . astrid she 's insanely jealous . int . live room - medium close astrid - night she slip another morsel into anouk 's mouth , murmur baby talk , allow the dog to take a bit of chicken from between she tooth . clair that 's revolting , astrid . people sit in small group , eat dinner , catch up . latecomer , bunch around joe. Sam feckman , a actor also in Mac 's film , hold forth . pane find room next to skye . pane be there space here ? skye yes . pane do you need anything else ? skye no , no thanks . he sit on the floor along side she . they eat in silence for a moment . pane ( finally ) I be impressed . skye oh ? pane the charade . skye thank you . pane that be my clue . skye oh ? pane the shostakovich . skye really ?? pane ( do seller 's indian ) oh yes , indeed . that be my clue , you see . skye giggle appreciative response . pane ( cont 'd ) ( still indian ) so you be well acquainted with this shostackovich , as be I . other arrival pick they way through body and plate . walk over to Sally and kiss she cheek . Joe and gina and Jeffrey sit off to the side . joe I hate the idea of some one else live in it . Joe pull Sally to he and wrap he arm around she . joe ( cont 'd ) Sally 's never even see it . I think we would raise we kid there . Sally hold in Joe 's arm , smile . the cat who eat the canary . joe ( cont 'd ) have I ever tell you how Lucy and I nearly squash each other get into the dumb waiter . gina / jeffrey / sally yes . / often. / I stop count . joe the dumb waiter be we ... gina escape hatch . joe ( eye she ) escape hatch . and dad be have a go about the garden . something be misplant ... sally not properly water . joe whatever ! ( to gina ) you know how he get . well , he go absolutely bonker . Lucy and I be frantically try to scramble into the dumb waiter and I do not fit any more . it be almost fatal . and that , my dear friend , be the day ... sally / jeffrey I realize I have become a man . ta da ! gina you be not a man , Joe . you be a boy . joe ( childishly ) so ? gina ( laugh ) I love you , Joe therrian . sally ( at a loss , small ) I too . Sophia watch from across the live room . new angle int . live room - night astrid squeeze in next to Sally , on she second portion of everything . she allow anouk to nibble from she plate . astrid you be not upset that I bring the dog ? sally would it make a difference ? astrid anouk be not like a dog , really . more like a small person . so be there anyone here for I ? no one look new . ( fix on Ryan ) who 's that ? sally you do not want that . it 's marry and it 's the neighbor . astrid oh I think he 's cute . how 's the marriage part work out ? sally you be fuck desperate . astrid like you do not know . ( be : skye ) who invite the bimbo ? sally one guess . int . live room the camera stay close on the cake as America wheel the cart into the live room . the top of it sport Sally and Joe 's face on either side of otis , a detailed edible photograph . there be three six across the top . there 's a freed up pathway . Cal tap the side of he champagne glass with a fork . sophia ( be : the cake as it come in ) part of we gift . honey !! cal ( clink he glass ) here , here . Clair pick up discard dinner plate . otis take care of that behind couch , under table . the gift be stack high , near the fireplace . Sally be on the floor , nestle between Joe 's knee , lean back against he . his arm be wrap around she , face press against hers . there 's a series of cut through speech , gift , entertainment . Sophia and Cal do a well rehearse , very funny , impromptu something with they kid . pane and Mac do a interpretive dance symbolize the marriage . Cal and Sophia carry sleep child down the hall . there be speech about Sally and Joe , outrageously dirty , funny , sometimes touch - that cover they recent separation , the custody of otis , they try to have a baby ... pane play a piece on the violin . someone else sing . and finally ... medium close - skye she look out at the guest ... new angle they look back at she . skye I be not prepare to say anything . I be honore to be a part of tonight . to be in the same room , with my favorite live actress ... the camera barely catch the grimace on Mac 's face ; Clair elbow he . SAM ( sing out ) still live . skye and my favorite novelist . and all they amazing -- SAM ( sing out ) and talented . skye Friends . and talented friend . this room be so fill with love .. astrid ( sing out ) and the winner be ... pane let the woman speak . skye and I bring a gift of love . a gift that be love . she pull a envelope from behind she back , which she 's decorate in flower - child fashion ; it harken back to the sixty , put it into Sally 's hand , kiss she cheek . skye ( cont 'd ) ( tear up ) happy anniversary . thank you for make I a part of it . sally ( pour the pill into she hand ) what be they ? joe ( pleased , surprised ) dolphin . great . sally it 's ecstasy , sal . skye I think there be sixteen there . joe ( kiss skye ) this be a amazing present . what a sweetheart you be . skye 's pleased she 's make he happy . sally ( regards Joe ; to skye ) what a sweetheart you be . a pall descend on the party . there 's a full shot of the group . nobody quite know what to do . there 's tear wrapping paper all over the room . astrid ( anouk still in she lap ) it 's late . ( kiss anouk ) you sleepy baby ? there be awkward excuse . some of the guest leave . int . live room - moment later the core group remain . joe I think we should all take it tonight . everyone 's stay , stay . no drive . that 's the rule . I love you Sally - mae . you be go to have a fabulous time . sally I be worried about my spine . I be very worried about my brain and my spine . sophia ( laugh ) oh honey , you be gonna love it . joe ( to she look ) Sophia 's go to do it , pane be go to do it , trust I . int . kitchen - continuous Cal carry the envelope into the room . cal ( on see America , burst into ) America , America God shed he light on I . he dance she around the kitchen , he pick up the sterling dish , arrange the pill , carry they back to the live room . int . live room - continuous ecstasy be pass from guest to guest . Ryan expect monica to abstain . monica ( he glare ; simply ) I want to try it , Ryan . ext . pool - later the drug have begin to take effect . the party be now in full swing . Music be play , and Sophia and Clair be dance . people be swim , some naked , some in swimsuit . Judy float around the pool on a inflatable dog . Sally and skye cuddle together on one of the bench round the pool , chat ; a friendly , feely touchy conversation . Joe pass around bottle of water and chew gum to everyone , emcee the event . everyone be relaxed and open , except Ryan , who sit beside monica at the edge of the garden , separate from the other . monica I love it here . do not you love it here , Ryan ? I love it here . and I love tonight . and I love this people . and this feel utterly fantastic , Ryan . ( touch she own cheek , ever so lightly ; shiver against the sensation ) utterly fantastic . ryan you know what Sally therrian be say about you spine and you brain ? she do not pull that out of thin air . it cause brain damage . you would better drink a lot of water . monica do you want to go home , Ryan ? ryan yes . monica I think you should then . you should look in on Sheila . ryan I be not go to leave you alone . monica they be really nice people , Ryan . they be like we ... ryan they be nothing like we . monica I think you need to speak for yourself , Ryan . but I think you be really nice people ... she put arm around he , kiss he cheek . he stiffen . ryan be you make a ass of yourself ? monica there 's only you , Ryan . you know what , Ryan ? you be beautiful . I love you so much ... you need ... ryan I do not need a drug . monica you need a good review and you will be fine . the whole color of the world will change , mark my word . she get up . ryan ready to go ? monica I be go to go get my swimsuit . I do know , Ryan , this be non addictive so you must not worry . ( turn back ) Ryan , you be a great man . the camera follow monica along the side of the pool . she pass Sophia and a very exuberant Clair . the camera stay at the pool . Clair tear off Sally 's galiano , fling it to the ground and dive topless into the pool . clair this water be great ! jerry ( swim past she ) wanna dive for a baton ? medium close up - judy she stand at the side of the pool . judy okay , I be about to throw five color baton in the water . then I be go to count to three , and then you may start diving . I be play too . the red one be ten extra point . ready ? ( she throw baton in ) one , two , three , go !! there be a melee of diving and scream . CUT to : ext . backyard landing it 's at the end of a bridge , overlook the pool . voice drift up from below . Mac and Joe walk in circle pace around one another . mac you get you dp ? joe what ? oh yeah , the camera man ? they give I a list . mac and you get skye davidson . pretty big league for a first timer . do you even like movie ? joe not particularly . weird , be not it ? God I be rally up . do you feel anything yet , Mac ? mac kind of . hey , look - John seale , Oliver stapelton , Darius khonji - they be friend . and great dp 's I could give they a call for you . joe thanks , mac. ( regards he ) and thanks for be so supportive about all this . ( throw arm around he , hug he close ) I really love you , you know . mac hey , I be happy for you , buddy . anything I can do . joe ( let go of Mac ) God , I really need to jump about a bit . ( begin jump ) how 's you film go ? cal it 's go . it 's go . joe and how 's the diva do ? mac well , you know ... good day , bad day . joe I mean Sally . mac I mean Sally . joe ( stop jump , study he ) oh . you be serious . mac ( throw and arm around he ) no. no. ( a beat ) let I tell you something . directing 's the best preparation possible for fatherhood . the sleep depravation alone . joe oh do not . everyone say that . int . music library Sally 's take gina 's photograph of they from the mantelpiece in the live room , and look for a spot for it on the CD shelf . Sophia be study the CD very intently . they be both bop to the music . sally ( be : the photograph ) be not this a fabulous picture ? sophia yes . sally she 's such a great photographer . sophia hm . sally so where should I put it ? sophia I think it be okay where it be . sally it 's much more personal in here . sophia a notch above the storage room . sally we be always in here . ( regards the photo ) she really get he , do not she ? sophia the both of you . sally but she really get to the heart of Joe , do not she ? she 's a genius . sophia so how much do you hate she ? sally Big time . they both laugh , then ... sophia well , I do not trust she . I never have . sally she take we wedding photo , for chrissake . you do not trust anyone . sophia ( a moment simply ) I trust you . sally oh soph ... sophia you will hate it in London . it 's wet and miserable . a medical hellhole Sally . it 's socialize . bed in the corridor . terrible plumbing . sally and the food suck , I know . sophia you be not have you baby in London . you be go to have you baby at cedar in beverly Hills , America , deliver by Dr. milton cohen. period . and you be get that epidural right away , do not let anyone talk you into any of that lamase bullshit . there 's no excuse for pain like that . sally Sophia ! I be not even pregnant ! sophia well good . thank god. sally let 's go in the kitchen and spy on everyone . sophia oh honey , let 's . they have start to walk through the house . sally ( stop short ; turn to she ) what do you mean , thank God ? sophia well , be you sure about this baby thing ? it 's not the tick clock shit , be it ? sally no , no , not at all ... I mean I have still get plenty of time . do not I ? I mean I still have a good six year , whatever . we could have three kid yet , if we want . and I know I have always say I never want kid , and I do not ... but this year , I really , truly , feel ready ... sophia honey , I be not worried about you . you be go to be a fantastic mom . not a issue . I press you , remember ? Joe , on the other hand , be a different story . sally ( laugh ) oh soph , Joe love kid . Joe want kid . Joe think he need kid . sophia he want playmate . oh he 's a sweetheart , sal , you know I love he . but he 's not go to be a good father . he 's just not parent material . sally hey , let 's sit down . I bet the rug feel really nice against you skin . Sally drop out of frame . sophia do not try and change the subject . ( sit , join Sally ) oh God , it feel great ! he 's just a little narcissistic , irresponsible and unreliable . sally and Cal 's this massive adult ? sophia Cal know who he be . do you notice how happy Joe be when the drug come out tonight ? sally you be not exactly horrify . sophia ( laugh ) I do not have a drug problem . sally neither do Joe . sophia his sister do . Big time . and the New York Times say addiction be genetic -- I will e-mail you the article . Sally stare at she friend suddenly mute , eye wide . sophia ( cont 'd ) you do not have kid to keep a marriage together , Sally . it 's only five month since Joe come back . sally ( get up ) we be fine . we be great . we be have a baby and we be move to London . sophia ( follow she ) well , you be not fine last summer when you go sylvia plath on I in Connecticut . sally not nice . not kind . sophia ha ! not half so not kind as you husband be in he portrayal of you in he novel . sally why be you do this ? sophia his image of you be a possessive , fragile neurotic . sally ( tear up ) but I be a possessive , fragile neurotic . sophia ( also tear up ) no you be not . you be Sally nash . listen to I , you be Sally nash . you be my best friend and I love you more than anyone , and you be not go to move to London to have the offspring of a sexually ambivalent man-child . " oh now I be a novelist , oh now I be a director ... " English prick bastard Joe therrian who 's probably go to leave you for skye davidson anyway . they hug a bit weepy . sophia ( cont 'd ) he 's always one step remove , always look over he shoulder always look for something else , something more intoxicating , and I do not mean drug . I love he , sal , but he 's a child . he 's not ready . ( a choke sob , tear well and fall ) oh God , you be so lucky you do not have kid . you can not stick you head in the oven . you can not take a handful of percoden if you want to , or slit you wrist . you can not do yourself in . kid rob you of that option . trust I . ( a beat ) oh my God , this ecstacy must be really good . ext . pool side - continuous Joe and Cal sit by the edge of the pool watch skye dance by herself at the far end . Joe have he hand on Cal 's chest . Cal be stroking Joe 's hair . joe be not skye amazing ? cal she 's get great tit . joe she 's a constant surprise . cal and you have only just meet . joe yeah , I know ... but she 's only twenty seven and ... ( tap he head ) the wisdom . she 's a old soul . she know that shostakovich thing . do you notice ? cal absolutely . and she 's get great tit . joe yeah , God she really do have great tit , great tit . i can not wait to work with she . cal the camera love she . a great actress . joe with great tit . I be go to ask she if I can touch they . he get up to go towards skye , be stop by ... ext . medium shot - clair Clair be climb up the pool step . clair have anyone see Mac ? joe ( point further up the property ) I see he wander over there , I think . how're you feel , Clair ? clair I be so good . she kiss Joe and Cal , and go off to find she husband . cal poor Mac . it 's be a bit of a struggle . I be sure Sally 's tell you . joe no , what ? cal the movie . joe oh , she 's really enjoy it . I think . be Mac okay ? cal I do not know what 's go on . I do not care to guess . Mac 's really unhappy . she be not there , that 's all . she 's no idea what she 's play , not a clue . joe who , Sally ? cal and , you know it be not rocket science , this script . she can barely get the line out . there be a scene last week - she sobbed , through every take . I know cry 's easy for she but it 's a fuck comedy , Joe . something 's go . you know , that thing that be Sally - that always surprised you . it 's go . I think she 's scared . and that 's death . joe I still think she sail above the rest . I mean not like she early film . but that be all such great director . cal Mac 's a pretty great director , Joe . he 's a woman 's director . and nothing 's happen . course he will not fire she , because of the friendship ... but it be discuss . he have to battle he studio to get she in the first place . joe what ? cal hey , listen , I love she . she 's Sophia 's best friend . ( to Joe 's stare ) I never say any of this , alright . I will deny it on the stand ... ( into the silence ) you guy be gonna have kid . that be so great . maybe that 's what this be all about . maybe she do not want to do this anymore . you know adult do not do this for a live . you guy be gonna have you kid , you will be direct -- one asshole in the family be enough . Sophia know that intuitively . look at Clair . Clair 's a mess . ( throw a arm around he ) make sure she get the epidural . forget that natural childbirth shit . everything 's go to be what it 's suppose to be . " life be but a walk shadow . a poor player who strut and fret he hour upon the stage and then be hear no more ... " and speak of I , the role of Leo in you film ? joe ( stare at he ) Leo ? cal any thought on casting yet ? joe ( regards he ) Leo ? it be out to Jude Law . Jude pass . cal well , I can not make any promise , and of course I have not read the script but I love the novel ... when be you shoot ? joe october-ish . cal I have a small window of time . joe leo. Leo 's twenty - eight , Cal . cal scratch the two , write in a four . joe scratch the two , write in a four . cal you have get a lot of fuck gall . thirty nine . joe five year ago , I be at the party , remember ? Joe look up and see Sally stand in the sun room . he blow she a kiss . she kiss she finger tip and put she hand flat against the window pane . int . bedroom closet - tight close - sally she 's in she wardrobe pace back and forth a bit frantic . try on clothing , toss garment to the ground . the floor be a heap of discard idea . she pull on jeans and a t-shirt . very similar to what skye be wear . she sit a moment on the floor . the sound of the party below be mute . sally ( o.s. ) oh Warren , that be awful , I can not sing . the camera stay with Sally as she get to she foot , walk along the corridor , toward the sound of she voice . int . dailies room - night Mac be on the edge of the couch , elbow on knee , stare at the television screen - watch he daily . at some point he drop he head . stop watch ... int . movie set cal' voice from the t.v. ( o.s. ) you sing like a bird . sally voice from the t.v. ( o.s. ) a bird with dropsy . a cage bird . that have not long to live . cal' voice from the t.v. ( o.s ) you seem so alive up there . Sally stand at the open door . stun . watch Mac watch she . watch herself , with a professional , acute eye . more critical than Mac 's could ever be . sally ( on tv ) I be fake it . I have be feel cage for sometime . funny , huh ? mac ( moan ) no , it 's not ... fuck fuck fuck fuck . int . corridor - close shot - sally she back up into the corridor mortify . leans against the wall . cal' voice from the t.v. ( o.s. ) it 's preposterous . you be free to do whatever you like . sally voice from the t.v. yes , well , we will see will not we ? mac ( o.s. ) Jesus Christ . sally ( a deep breath ) well ...wow ... int . hallway - continuous Clair 's start down the hallway , reach the landing . Sally rush into the guest bedroom to avoid she . Clair , just miss Sally , wander into the daily room . int . dailies room - continuous clair Mac ? oh there you be . what be you do , honey ? no more work . do not you feel breezy . mac I be in mourn . clair you can cut around it , whatever it be . you always do . mac not this time . clair it 's always not this time . if you can do it around I , you can do it around anyone . she walk in front of the television set , block it with she body , switch it off . mac ( a observation ) you do not have any clothes on . clair how nice for everybody . come swim . the water 's glorious . ( be : the film ) you will fix it . you will come up with one of you brilliant idea . mac or I will not . I can not help she . I be out of my depth . clair thing always look much worse in the morning . mac I do not know how to make she funny . clair you be come swim in the pool , and in a few minute you will not even remember what it 's about . you will not care who 's in you damn movie . mac ( really stone ) what what 's about ? clair I ... wait , what be you talk about ? int . guest room medium close Jack and evie be asleep across the bed . new angle Sally sit at the edge of the bed , regards the sleep child . reaches over and smoothen the tangle , tousle hair . Studies they face . ext . poolside - joe' Pov monica sit on the step of the pool . she look frighten , uncomfortable . joe be you okay ? monica I do not think so . I feel . I feel a bit funny . joe let 's go for a walk . he put he arm around she and lead she away from the pool . ext . backyard landing - night monica I have never do this before . joe oh ? it 's easy . you just put one foot in front of the other ... that 's a good girl . monica I be a little in the puke zone . joe ( give she some water ) here , drink this . drink lot of water . ( put the bottle in she hand ) hold on to this . take deep breath . Nice and slow . ( sit she down ; produce a lollipop ) would you like a lolly ? monica what be I , five ? joe you be never too old for a lolly . I be have one . monica ( a grin ) okay . he pull out another one . joe lemon or raspberry ? monica lemon . joe lemon it be . the two suck on they lollipop for a moment . monica ( finally ) Ryan 's really angry with I . joe I think he 's really angry with I too . monica ( laugh ) it 's really not the same thing . ( a moment ) he be really nicer when he drank . joe I be sorry . monica eight year , though . that 's quite a accomplishment . joe that 's a lot of that . monica medallion . joe a lot of cake . monica yes . joe and he do not smoke ? monica he have to find non-smoker 's meeting that use to be almost impossible , you know ? it 's get much better . joe how long have you be marry ? monica nine ...nine , yes ? nine year , just about . joe you must have be a baby . monica oh yes . nineteen ...just. ( a moment ) I be cold . joe come here . Joe hold monica . monica ( a moment ) that 's very nice . joe I like you . monica I be so glad . you know , I recognize that passage in you book . the bit about we run into each other in the movie theatre . joe sorry ? monica I know you change it to a bookstore . and the color of my hair . but the moment be exactly the same . the same , you know , dynamic . and almost verbatim , be not it ? joe ( humor she ) yeah , it be . for a writer nothing 's sacred . ( think a moment ) no , nothing at all . monica I think it 's great that I make a impression at all , you know . Joe regards the open trust face , be touch by it . leans in , kiss she lip very lightly ... and again . her arm can not make up she mind , whether to come up around he or not . finally do . sally ( o.s. ) otis !! otis , come ! oh fuck ! she appear beside they . sally ( cont 'd ) someone leave the goddamn gate open . otis get out . skye and I , well the ... I come out of the house and the fuck gate be wide open . joe oh for fuck 's sake . nobody use that gate . monica ( horrify ) I be sorry . sally ( raging ) there 's a goddamn sign on the gate . monica I be so sorry . sally you fuck cow , can not you read ?! monica ( at a loss ) I ... sally how long ago be it ? joe stop be such a bitch , sal . monica I be so sorry . joe it be a mistake . this be not a plot to do in otis . sally do not be so sure . joe listen to yourself ... ( to monica ) do not worry , it 's alright . we will find he . ( to Sally ) what 's wrong with you ? sally ( be : monica ) she leave the fuck gate open . joe well he can not have go far . sally can not have go far ? he 's like a greyhound . he could be mile away . joe he will find he way back . sally there be fuck coyote out there . joe ( calming ) Sally , calm down . we be not go to find he any quick by you be hysterical . monica retreat , back off a step or two . sally fuck you . joe or shitty !! otis !! CUT to : int . kitchen - continuous America and Rosa be clean up . Ryan hang around chat . ryan how long have you work for the therrian ? america ( shrug , polite but annoyed ) a long time . ryan so you be here when they be do the work on the boundary fence ? america oh yes . ryan do you know the contractor ? america very well . ryan be it a contractor ? america it 's the way they do thing . ryan to code ? her back be to he . she exchange a glance with Rosa , and the Spanish equivalent of " who be this wanker ? " ryan ( cont 'd ) do you see permit ? do he have a license ? america you should talk to Mr. Joe . monica burst into the room . monica Ryan , you have get to come ! you have get to help I find the dog ! I let they dog out . we need to find the dog . ryan you be not serious . monica I leave the gate open and otis get out ! he could get hit by a car ! ryan God willing . monica we have to find the dog , Ryan . ryan why ? monica ( regards he ) because we be nice people , and because what go around come around . ( desperate ) because , God help you if something happen to that dog ? ryan Excuse I ? monica all the ugly phone call ? we be not the only people with a tape recorder , Ryan . ( a beat ) they have go to the canyon , we should go towards the pch . ext . canyon - moment later pane and skye search the canyon for otis . they both carry lantern . pane otis !! shostakovich identify with the Jew . he feel persecute , hunt , crush under the thumb of stalinist imperialism . skye not to mention Andrew Zhdanov ... otis , come !! pane Andre Zhdanov ? how the hell do you know about Andre Zhdanov ? skye who do not know about the infamous composer 's conference of 1948 where Zhdanov persecute the leader of Soviet Music - shostakovich , prokofieve , and myaskovsky . pane I will tell you who do not know , cute girl do not know . skye do Peter seller again . pane ( a la seller ) otis you crazy dog ! otis be you in this God forsaken Canyon ? my people be very hungry . skye I just do a movie about Bob yar , I play gittle , the jewish milkmaid who get shot in the head , and they use shostakovich 's 13th symphony . pane set to the poem of yetveshenko ! skye exactly ! so I dig it , and I do a lot of research . pane do you really , you really , like shostakovich ? skye yeah . pane would you , like , marry he ? skye if he be still alive , maybe . pane how about someone who really really like shostakovich ? skye ( smile ) be you ask I to marry you ? pane no , I be just testing to see how deeply pervert and impulsive you be . skye ( laugh ) very . pane oh good , I be worse ... be you really twenty - two ? skye who tell you that ? no. I be twenty ... ( lop off two year ) five . ext . canyon - continuous Sally and Joe have lantern . pane and skye be up ahead . we hear they call for otis . sally otis !!!! joe ( on she heel ) otis !!!! sally otis , good boy , come here . oh my god , oh my god , oh my god . joe this be a nightmare . we should have keep he upstairs . sally it be do . when Sophia put the kid to bed , America bring otis in the room and close the door . it be do . joe well someone clearly let he out before monica open the gate . sally oh fuck you , and fuck monica while you be at it . but I guess that 's what I interrupt . joe Jesus , Sally . you be a medical miracle . the only person who 's ever take ecstacy and become angrier . sally yeah , let 's talk about that . you seem to be rather a expert . I do not remember in the last five month of counsell you ever mention ecstacy or go to rage party . joe rave party ?! that 's so typical - you would think it be call rage . perfect ! sally what else do not I know about , Joe ? let 's get really clear here . joe Sally , so I take a few pill . I go out dance . I try to forget how upset I be about split up with you . I have not lie to you . I tell you about the people I have sleep with . I just do not mention the few occasion I take drug because you be so fuck judgmental I know I would never hear the end of it , and you have so little faith and so little trust in I . Sally , we be back , I love you . trust that . please let 's not do this . sally otis ! come ! good boy ! come ! joe otis ! sally I be not sure we understand that word in the same way . joe Love ? sally you walk out on a five year marriage . joe that have not the first fuck thing to do with love . it 's whether we can live together ... like this ! all the time . sally it 's not like this all the time . joe do I want anyone else ? no . do I want to be with you for the rest of my natural life ? I be try . sally and how hard it hit ? joe just stop right there , Sally . we have be through this . sally you have be through it . that 's how you love people . when it 's easy for you , when it 's convenient for you . joe Sally , first of all , you be talk bullshit . and second ... sally you want to talk about bullshit ? Lucy call you three time this week . she 's a fuck mess , Joe . you sister be a fuck mess . she need you . I talk to she more than you do . joe that be not true . sally it be true . you know how you love , Joe ? you dedicate a book to someone . joe every novel I have have publish in every language I have dedicated to Lucy . sally right . and when be the last time you speak to she ? Joe be silent . sally ( cont 'd ) and how fuck dare you cast skye davidson in that part ? have you any idea how humiliate that be for I ? I be a actress ! it 's about we marriage for fuck 's sake . everybody know that ... joe it 's a novel . sally about I ! joe who the fuck do you think you be ? the part of genna be not just about you . it 's about every woman I have ever love in my entire life . include my mother . the character be also clearly in she early twenty , Sally . sally what be you say ? joe hello ? last birthday be ? sally I do not look my age , Joe . joe Sally , I have never consider you for this part because you be too old to play it . and you be out of touch with reality if you think differently . sally it 's a shit novel anyway . joe well there you go . I let you off the hook . you be one goddamn lucky actress . sally not really . I mean you book have always be pop , but this be the shallowest of the bunch . that 's what all we friend think , anyway . joe okay . if we could have , by some miracle , stripped ten year off you face , still could not have get the thing make . because I do not mean anything as a director , and you name do not mean fuck all anymore . and the people that can hire you be afraid to , because they think you be phone it in . that you do not have ... oh Christ , Sally . sally who ? who ? who think that ? joe you director and you co-star of you current movie . do not dish if you can not take it , Sally . sally Mac ? Mac say it ? Cal ? Joe do not respond . sally ( cont 'd ) Cal , too ? joe Sally , for Christ 's sake . sally anyone else ? joe this be insanity . ( move toward she ) Sally ... sally do not . joe do not push I away . sally I have a abortion two week ago . joe do not do this . sally I find out I be pregnant and it scared the shit out of I . joe ( threaten ) do not do this ! sally I tell you when we meet I never want child . I do not want kid in my life . we talk about it . you be not listen . joe you change you mind . sally I want you back . Joe slap she hard across the face . sally ( cont 'd ) you think this be to hurt you ?! my God , Joe . it be not about you . joe what ?! you abort we child ?! sally I be a monster . exactly . joe you be not ready . sally do not make allowance . I will never be ready . some people just should not have child . I would be a terrible fuck mother , Joe . I do want it for we . but I could not do it . I do not really think I can do it . joe I be not part of that picture at all , be I ? I be not part of that decision . do I occur to you at all ? it 's a fuck farce . it 's a fuck farce . how long do you think you could keep it go . you be amazing . do you have any idea what you have do to we ? sally yes . joe I will never forgive you . sally I know . joe I have no idea who you be . they stand they in silence . Joe be devastate . we hear skye and pane up ahead call for otis . int . pool - continuous silent underwater shot of Mac , Judy and Clair . Mac direct a underwater ballet , a la esther Williams . there 's a sequence of tight overlapping shot of Mac , smile , swim underwater . his image of himself ... slo - mo compound by water - weight . the drug have clearly take effect . Mac open he mouth to direct he actor , forget where he be , begin to choke , and cough , be clearly in trouble . oblivious , Judy and Clair turn somersault . Mac begin to panic . he be drown . he begin to sink . panic give way to acceptance . Jerry 's body fly past frame , splashes hard into the pool . the lens be water - splatter . medium -close shot underwater Jerry 's body sweep past the lens , smooth and sleek as a dolphin . he grab Mac ... ext . pool - continuous Jerry pull Mac to the surface . Clair and Judy be out of the pool . Jerry drag the limp body from the pool , pump Mac 's chest - it 's clear he know what he 's do . Mac cough up a load of water . clair oh my god. honey ??? there 's a moment . Mac begin to sob . jerry he 's okay , Clair . you wanna give he a little room ? mac ( he face against concrete ) man , I must really be stone . ( wipe tear from he face with he hand ) thanks , buddy . clair honey ? Mac raise he hand , arrest she from come nearer . mac I be fine , babe . jerry give he a minute , Clair . mac ( humiliate ) hey. ( look over at Jerry ) thanks , buddy . jerry anytime , sport . mac ( want to say " do not call I sport " ) yeah , thanks pal . clair ( helpless ) honey ? they all stand around watch he . Mac get up . mac I be fine , babe . I be gonna take a little walk . I need a minute . let 's forget it . my life do not pass in front of my eye . so , it probably be not that close . jerry probably not . mac ( to Jerry ) so , you have get lifeguard papers , or what ? judy there 's a test , you know . jerry ( embarrassed ) forget it , Judy . clair ( still scared ) honey ? mac I will be fine . really babe . give I a minute . the camera stay on Mac as he walk around the side of the house , down the step through the basement . int . basement - medium full shot Mac begin to tremble , sob convulsively . he bite down on he lip , clinch he first , try to pull himself together . mac ( pace ; at himself ) you be okay . Buck up . come on , be a man . it could happen to anybody . ( tear start again ) if you do not stop , I be go to punch you face in . ( another moment ) he pull a towel off a stack and they all fall on the floor . mac ( cont 'd ) oh shit . I can not fuck do anything right . come on , come on . oh thank you God for give I this chance . thank you for have Jerry here to save I . I promise I will never cheat on my wife again . I will never take drug again , and I will be a great fuck husband and a loving father . I be a great father ! I have terrific friend . I be a brilliant director . well - respected . I win a Golden Globe , how ' bout that ? yeah , man , it 's alright , it 's alright , it 's alright . and God , I will be humble . int . music library - medium full shot gina regards the photograph she bring for Joe and Sally . she lift it from the shelf , the phone ring , the machine pick up . man' voice Joe , Joe ! it 's you dad ! pick up , Joe ... gina set the photo on the desk , lean it up against the wall . Joe and Sally 's face stare out of it . gina ( pick up receiver ) Harry , hi , it 's gina ! gina . be everything alright ? ( a deep intake of breath ) oh my God . when ? he 's not here . they be out look for otis . the dog , Harry . ( tear start down she face ) I love you so much . Lucy 's a fighter , she will make it . whether she want to or not . Harry . I be so sorry . I will . ( write down the number ) yes I will . take care , Harry . bye . she put down the phone . stare into Joe 's face , look up at a photo on the wall that she take of Joe and Lucy . ext . backyard landing Jerry and Judy be make out . judy be you my big brave boy ? be you my brave hero ? jerry you be crazy baby . I love you . judy be you my big hard hero ? jerry do you want I to save you ? do you want I to save you ? judy oh yeah ... jerry oh yeah ... I be gonna save you . judy oh yeah ? jerry let I heal you , baby . judy ( mantra ) oh Jesus oh Jesus oh Jesus . grunt , groan , a scream , a peel of giggle . jerry oh yeah . int . master bedroom - continuous gina pull Joe 's clothes out of the closet , out of the drawer . there 's a overnight bag on the bed . ext . pool area Cal and Sophia lie cuddle on a lounge chair , bliss out , count the window of the house . sophia ...no , no , start again . cal and sophia one , two , three , four ... Clair wander up . she 's change into she own clothes . clair I have lose my husband and my beeper . have either of you see either of they ? int . live room - later Clair , Mac , Sophia , Cal and gina be wait . the overnight bag rest near the coffee table . no one speak . there be sound of the search party approach . new angle pane , skye , Sally and Joe come into the room dogless . joe what be it ? gina let 's go upstairs , okay ? Joe look from gina to the other . gina ( cont 'd ) let 's go upstairs . they move out of the room . sally ( on the way upstairs ) be it otis ? skye and pane look at the other guest . skye what happen ? int . master bedroom gina close the door . joe the suspense be kill I . gina Harry call . joe ( grow dread ) and ? gina ( there 's now way to say it ) Lucy overdose . joe ( a long moment ) but she 's alright . gina she 's in icu . Joe 's leg give way . he sort of sit on the floor . joe ( laugh ; shake he head ) stupid tart . gina she leave a note . joe ( realize the import ; to gina ) fuck you . tear start down Sally 's face . gina you need to call you dad . joe leave we alone right now . gina I have book you a flight and pack you a bag . you just need to get into a car and go . sally would you leave we alone right now ? gina I love she too , Joe . joe alright , good . thanks for you trouble . so will you leave Sally and I alone right now ? sally ( a shrug ; simply ) everybody hate the messenger . gina exit . sally ( cont 'd ) ( to Joe ) I be come with you . Joe start to cry . Sally hold he , kiss he , stroke he , rock he . joe ( inconsolable ) I do not want you to go . he wipe tear away that start afresh ; he nose be run , he wipe that too . joe ( cont 'd ) I can not get tonight . I do not want to be on a plane on my own tonight . sally I will be with you . joe I do not want to go tonight . sally you do not have to . they sit on the floor . Sally soothing , rock Joe like a baby . joe ( bereft ) stupid tart . int . kitchen - later gina 's put up some coffee . Sophia , Cal , Mac and Clair stand around awkwardly . Sally come into the room . mac how 's he do ? sally not good . gina he 's gonna miss he flight . sally yeah . Al the guest be a little stunne . gina be he not go ? I book a flight . sally he 's not go tonight . gina I tell he father he would be on that flight . sally well you could tell he otherwise . it be good of you to be all this help . but he do not want to go tonight . gina Jesus , Sally . I be not the enemy . sally and you be not the wife . gina it 's not a contest . sally damn straight . cal should I go up ? sally I do not think so . cal you want we to stay ? sally maybe not . mac so much for ecstacy , right ? they all laugh a little . sophia let 's get the kid . clair oh my God , the sitter . sally ( laugh ) oh Clair , you be so ... you know . you just put thing in perspective . int . music library - continuous Joe listen to the answer machine message Lucy leave that morning . he play it again and again . he fast forward to he father 's voice . press the stop button . sit there , stunne . joe ( dial phone , a moment ) hey , dad ... int . guest bedroom - continuous Cal and Sophia bundle up they sleep kid . the camera follow they to the landing as they head downstairs , pass Sally who be come up . sophia I be go to be home all weekend , call if you need anything . Sally kiss Cal 's cheek . cal hang in . int . master bedroom - continuous pane and skye be fuck on Joe and Sally 's bed . Sally walk in on they search for pane ' ear , she best buddy . sally ( resign ) oh perfect ! ext . backyard landing - medium full shot Jerry and Judy lie alongside each other , hand prop head . they be not privy to anything that 's happen . jerry I call that a perfect day . judy a perfect night . jerry damn near . ( long moment ) and a damn near perfect drug . judy hm . we should do it again . jerry just every once in a blue moon , you know . judy hm. ( a long moment ) you think we should ask they for they landscaper ? jerry hm . do you like fuck out of door ? judy not as a rule . jerry ( a long moment ) they do not sign they goddamn tax return ! ext . house - continuous Sally stand at the threshold , watch Cal and Sophia load they kid into the car . int . foyer - continuous Clair and Mac and gina hug and say they goodby to Sally . gina ( kiss Sally ; whisper ) take good care of it . sally Count on it . ext . house - continuous monica and Ryan return from they unsuccessful search . they come through the gate with it 's sight : keep gate close . monica and Ryan start for the kitchen entrance . int . kitchen - from monica and ryan's Pov Sally and Joe be alone in the room . they hold each other , weep ... ryan ( appal ) Jesus Christ , it 's a fuck dog ! monica ( regards they ) do not go in , Ryan . ryan what ? monica let 's just go home , okay ? int . kitchen - continuous a much embarrassed pane and skye enter . pane coffee ? joe sure . pane I will do it . pane start to make some ; skye start to clean up glass and ashtray . sally you do not need to do that . skye I do not mind ... sally relax . you have do enough . ext . kitchen - continuous we see Judy and Jerry bound around the side of the house . Jerry have he briefcase in he hand . they be laugh . they enter the kitchen . the camera stay outside . we see they bring up short by the gloom , but hear nothing . int . kitchen - continuous Sally and Joe be at the table , signing they tax return . Jerry supervise . all be quiet . Judy 's sink into a chair . int . foyer - continuous Morning 's finally come . Light fill the room , empty except for party debris . int . live room - continuous it 's empty but for glass , wrapping paper , abandon dish of leftover cake . int . empty kitchen - continuous int . guest bedroom - continuous the bed be rumple and indent from the sleep child . they drawing and paint strewn all over the floor ... and wall . int . empty den - continuous int . master bedroom - continuous the bed still show the remain of pane and skye 's love make . the camera move through the suite into the bathroom . Sally 's in the tub . Joe come into the room in the buff . joe can I come in ? Sally look up at the nakedness . sally sure . he slip into the tub with she . they lie there face each other . oe my plane leave in a few hour . sally okay . do you want I to come with you ? joe ( simply ) no. sally okay . joe ( a moment ) pretty much a disaster , tonight , be not it ? sally I guess . joe life get messy . Ugly messy . but I do not understand you . and I do not think I ever understand Lucy . I do not understand throw it away . how do you throw all that away ? any of it . I want it all . you guy want guarantee ? I want the possibility . and all kind of crap come with that . a lot of bad shit . and I think that 's okay with I because , because of the rest of the stuff . all the good shit . all the surprise . it 's a fuck miracle when you come down to it . ( a moment ) we would have have amazing child , you and I . we would have have a ride . you would have surprised yourself . ( regards she ) I will never love anybody else , you know . sally ( a little choke laugh ) I too . joe that 's under lock and key . sally I too . Joe reach out of the tub for gift -wrapped box . he hand it to sally . it 's they ritual gift-give site . Sally open the gift . take out a calder mobile . joe happy anniversary . sally it 's a calder . joe I know . sally he 's my favorite . joe I know . it 's for the baby 's crib . sally ah ... she hand he a small wooden box . he open it , take out a set of key . sally ( cont 'd ) they be the key to you grandad 's flat . happy anniversary , baby . joe oh , Sally mae ... he can not say anymore . sally I know . joe will you make love with I ? sally sure . she reach out with both arm . int . bathroom - tight close Joe and Sally tenderly make love . it 's the dissolution of they marriage . int . foyer - nine a.m. America and Rosa begin to clean up the debris from the party . ext . house - continuous a taxi pull up . Joe get in with he bag . the cab back out ... int . master bedroom - medium close the two wedding ring rest on the nightstand , hers nestle in he . Sally 's hand open the drawer , sweep the ring into it . ext . house - late morning the " for sale " sign be hammer into the ground . dissolve to : ext . high shot - continuous otis wander along the street , up the driveway and disappear through the flap in the kitchen door . fade out .