the bachelor party by paddy chayefsky fade in . exterior . stuyvesant town housing project -- day . under the credit , the camera pan slowly across the project , capture the sober monotony , the endless straight apartment house . Seven o'clock in the morning . dissolve to : interior . charlie' bedroom the bedroom of a two - and -a-half - room apartment in the housing project . it be early morning , but the shade be draw and the room be dark . camera move slowly across the room , over the large double bed on which Charlie and helen samson , a young couple in they late twenty , be sleep . they be sleep more or less on they side , face away from each other . one of helen 's pajama-clad leg project from under the light cover . we close in on Charlie 's sleep face . the alarm clock at a distant end of the room suddenly burst into a soft relentless buzz . Charlie 's eye open . there be a muffle movement at he side , and helen get up on one elbow . then she sit up , rise , and pad barefoot -- a rather pretty girl in rumple pajamas -- to the alarm clock and turn it off . Charlie 's head turn on the pillow so that he can watch she . she pad back to the bed now and stand at the foot , look down at she husband . she produce a smile , then turn and shuffles into the bathroom where she turn on the wall switch . a shaft of light now pour into the bedroom . Charlie sit up in bed . his shoe and sock be on the floor by he foot . he reach down and start to put they on . suddenly , from the recess of the bathroom , helen 's rather vague soprano lift into the first line of a popular song . then it stop as abruptly as it begin . Charlie 's head slowly turn to look at the bathroom , back again to the business of put on he sock . his face be expressionless , but there be no mistake the sodden distaste he have for the world today . he just sit on the bed , a young man of twenty - nine , clad only in he pajama trousers , one sock dangle from he hand , he head hang , he shoulder slump . behind he , the sudden noise of rush tap water , then off . then he wife come back into the bedroom . she be carry a bath towel with which she be drying she face . finish , she drop the towel on the bed and begin to dress . a moment later , she pad around the corner of the bed to Charlie 's front . she be still barefoot and wear she pajama top , but she have exchange the trousers for a half - slip . Charlie have not move a muscle since the effort require to lift one sock from the floor . helen you think it 's too early to call my mother ? charlie I do not know . Charlie shrug without look up . helen go out of the bedroom , into the little square of foyer where there be a telephone table with a telephone on it . she dial , wait . in the bedroom , Charlie rub he eye with two finger . helen ( on phone ) hello , ma , do I wake you up ? this be helen .... well , I will be go to work , and I want to get ahold of you before I leave . I call you last night . where be you and pop anyway ? I keep call you every half hour up till one o'clock .... oh , yeah ? do you have a nice time ? ... camera slowly move in for closeup of Charlie in bedroom . helen' voice well , listen , ma , I get something to tell you . I be pregnant .... yeah , pregnant .... of course I be sure . I have get the report back from the laboratory .... no , you would not know he , Doctor axelrod .... second month . he say I can expect the baby in February .... well , grandma , act a little excited , will you ? ... you bet I be excited .... closeup of charlie he be not excited . if anything he be miserable . his bow head rise slowly . the eye open . he stare abstractedly ahead for a moment . then he sigh a profound sigh of resignation . then he eye close again , and he head slowly sink back to its previous abjection . dissolve to : interior . the kitchen -- half hour later helen , dress in skirt and blouse now , be prepare two cup of instant coffee , pour hot water from the saucepan into the two cup . the toaster be tick . a package loaf of white bread be open on the cupboard shelf . finish with pour the water , helen set the saucepan back on the stove and come out into the dining area . the dinette table be cover from end to end by open textbooks , several very large accounting worksheet on which be scrawle meticulous number , a ruler , several pencil and a pen , a ash tray glutte with cigarettes , a cup and saucer . helen ( call to the bedroom ) do you need any of this or can I take they off the table ? Charlie appear in the bedroom doorway , dress and wash now , a neat , clean young man in a white shirt and neatly knotted tie . charlie I will clean that up in a minute . he disappear back into the bedroom . helen pick up the ash tray and the cup and saucer . helen how late be you up last night ? charlie' voice about two . interior . the bedroom Charlie stand by the window , be pick up he key , a few dollar bill , a comb , etc. , from a chair and put they into he trouser pocket . the blind of the bedroom window have be open , and the high August sun stream in , whiten Charlie 's face . after he have pockete he odd and end , he move to the chest of drawer on which , among all sort of other thing , there be several textbooks and a open notebook . he stand a moment look down into the open notebook , he lip move ever so little , as he commit some of he note to memory . he turn a page of the notebook back to check something and then go back to the previous page . now he open one of the smaller drawer in the chest of drawer . the drawer contain wisp of he wife 's stocking and other feminine thing . he find a small roll of bill and take one of they , put the bill in he pocket and close the dresser drawer . charlie I be take five buck from you drawer . he pause now to affix a less frown expression onto he face and go out into the little foyer and into the dining area . interior . the dine area helen be seat at the dinette table , sip coffee and read yesterday 's newspaper . there be two cup of coffee on the table . charlie a guy in my office be get marry , and I get clipped four buck for he wedding present . he begin assemble the mass of papers and textbooks on the table . helen who 's get marry ? charlie Arnold . I tell you about he . the guy with the sick mother . helen oh , yeah . charlie ( try to decide whether he need a certain worksheet ) the rest of the guy be give he a bachelor party tonight . helen do you want to go , Charlie ? charlie I get class tonight . helen what have you get -- cost accounting ? charlie yes . helen I think you ought to take off a night . you ought to go , have a little fun for yourself . I think you need that . you go to work all day , you go to school all night . you can miss one night , Charlie . charlie no , this bachelor party get kind of wild sometimes . the whole philosophy be : it 's the groom 's last night of freedom . so it get kind of wild sometimes . helen that 's a good philosophy to start a marriage with . charlie well , a bunch of guy get together , they like to tear up the town a little . he have assemble he note and notebook and text in a pile on the table , ready to take with he . he sit down and begin sip he coffee . helen look back to she newspaper , frown a little , then look up at Charlie again . helen I think you oughta go , Charlie . I know you be upset about the baby . charlie I be not upset about the baby . helen come on , Charlie . I know how you feel . listen , you do not have to pretend you be excited about the baby . we be not exactly plan on a baby right now ... charlie I be not upset about the baby . helen it 's a shock . I have some bad day before I tell you . I say : " oh , boy , that 's all we need . a baby . " then I say to myself : " if I be have a baby , I be have a baby . that 's all there be to it . " and I like the idea . we be go to have a family , Charlie . I like the idea . charlie well , give I a couple of day to get use to the idea . I will be all right . helen I know you will , Charlie . that 's why I think you ought to go to this bachelor party tonight . charlie ( burst out ) I do not want to go to this bachelor party . he look down at he coffee , embarrassed at the outburst . charlie I be sorry I yell . helen do not be silly . charlie I better get go . Kenny 's probably wait for I now . I be sorry I yell like that . helen what be you sorry about ? do not I yell at you all the time ? we stay on helen , as she read she newspaper , but there be a faint frown on she face . dissolve to : interior . local platform eastside irt subway a express train hurtle southward . we see it flash by through the concrete pillar of the subway . dissolve to : irt express hurtling southward Charlie and another young man , name Kenneth , be seat in a crowded subway car . people be stand tightly in the aisle . Kenneth be a amiable young man of thirty - odd . he have he jacket off and he tie loosen as a concession to the August heat . Charlie be neatly and coolly dress . he have two notebook and a batter text in he lap . he be read the text . two young white - collar worker on they way to work . they ride along silently for a moment . Kenneth be rather stealthily concerned with a full - bust young woman who be stand directly in front of he , hold on to a strap . it be summertime , and the girl all wear light summer frock . there be a feel of wistful sensuality to the scene . kenneth you go to Arnold 's bachelor party ? charlie I do not think so , kennie . kenneth what ? charlie I get two class tonight . kenneth yeah , I be go to go , but I think I better not , because my kid , the young one , the girl , she 's be act up again lately . she 's get some kind of allergy , the doctor do not know what . charlie this bachelor party get kind of wild sometimes . Eddie watkin be make all the arrangement . he 's probably get we line up with a bunch of chorus girl . kenneth yeah , do you think so ? charlie you know Eddie . kenneth yeah , boy , he really life it up , do not he ? do you see that blonde who pick he up for lunch last week ? Boy , sometimes I wish I be a bachelor . well , you know what I mean . I never seem to get out of the house any more , you know what I mean ? about once a week , I go to the movie . we never even see the whole picture . my wife start worry about the kid . my youngest kid , the girl , she 's get some kind of rash . we do not know what it be . I never seem to see anybody any more . do you know how long it be since I have see Willie duff ? I have not see Willie in about six month . my wife can not stand he wife . you ever see she , Willie 's wife ? charlie no , I do not know Willie too well . kenneth Boy , wait will you have kid , boy . you will never get out of the house . charlie helen 's pregnant now . kenneth no kid . charlie yeah . kenneth oh , that 's wonderful , Charlie , that 's wonderful ! the two young husband look down again at they hand and ride along silently . Kenneth sneak a quick look up at the girl stand in front of he , and then let he attention drift down the length of the car . kenneth hey , there 's a guy down there , try to pick up a girl down there . he be refer to a Young fellow who elbow he way down through the crowded aisle but who stop abruptly when he notice a attractive girl , seat about three seat down from Kenneth . the girl be read a newspaper . the Young fellow stare at she . the girl , aware of this sudden attention , look briefly up from she newspaper . the Young fellow smile pleasantly . the girl , with a show of annoyance , look back to she newspaper . kenneth be you with we about eight year ago when I pick up that chick in front of the bus stop in paterson , New Jersey ? charlie when be this ? kenneth yeah , you be there . you be with that girl from Brooklyn . we just come from palisade amusement Park , and we be drive frankie klein 's girl home , and the car break down right in the middle of Route one . charlie ( beginning to laugh ) oh , yeah . kenneth ( laugh ) and frankie open up the hood and the water cap blow right up in the air . charlie and the cop come over ... kenneth that 's right , the cop . he think frankie shot off a gun .... they be both laugh audibly now at the memory . kenneth he be go to pull we all in . oh , man ! charlie frankie , he be funny . kenneth oh , that be a lot of fun , that day . charlie yeah , they be . the little spasm of laughter be over . a sort of ruefulness settles down on the two young husband . Kenneth look lazily down the aisle to see how the Young fellow be make out with the girl . he seem to be make out all right . they be look steadily at each other now . Kenneth turn back to Charlie . kenneth hey , this guy 's make out all right . she 's give he the eye now . Charlie lean forward to see this progress . kenneth ( look out the window at the pass local station ) where be we now , Prince Street ? I bet you he pick she up before we hit Chambers Street . somehow this have a sober effect on the two young husband . again they sit silently as the train bucket along . charlie Boy , I be bushed today . I be up till two o'clock last night on this thing here . I be get to be a nervous wreck . I snarl at helen this morning . I think this whole night school business be get I down . kenneth I do not see how you do it . charlie neither do I . I think I be through with it . the plan be for I to quit work and go to college full time and cram through in a year or so . but now we get this kid come , and helen 's go to have to quit she job , and that set I back where I start from . another five year of this , summer include . kenneth I could not do it , man , I will tell you that . I wish I could , but I could not . charlie oh , what be I gripe about ? this be the life I pick out for myself . but it 's a grind , boy , I tell you . they sit silently again . the train hurtle along and then suddenly slow as it approach a stop . there be a rustle of movement among the passenger in the subway car . a few people start edging toward the door . the girl read the newspaper now fold she newspaper and stand almost directly in the Young fellow 's face . they regard each other . young fellow ( to the girl ) Excuse I , can you tell I how to get to the nassau Street exit ? girl well ... well , at the top of the stair , you will see all the sign . young fellow be you get off here ? girl yes . young fellow well , I will follow you then . that will be easier , if you do not mind . girl no , not at all . they start to crowd down the aisle . the train be chugge into the Chambers Street station , and we can see the yellow light of the platform and the quick blur of face . the two young husband , who have be follow the byplay between the girl and the Young fellow , now watch they slowly exit . there be a expression of poignant wistfulness on both they face . dissolve to : exterior . the office we look down on the bookkeeping department of a life insurance company in downtown Manhattan area around pine Street . it be a fairly large room , large enough to hold eleven desk . but you get the feel that this be one of the smaller office on the floor . you get the feel that this company occupy three or four floor of this building . despite the size of the office , it have a cluttere look . each desk have pile of paper on it , and all the impedimenta of the bookkeeper -- the pen and pencil , the add machine , the telephone . some of the desk have typewriter . along the wall there be row of filing cabinet and wall bin stock with large worksheet and thick ledger . at the far end of the room , there be a row of window , but it be still necessary to keep the overhead fluorescent light on all day . they be on now . there be two middle - age woman stand , murmure to each other , and a rather heavy - set bald man in he late forty , sit at a desk in he shirt sleeve , already hard at work , although it be still ten minute shy of eight - thirty . Kenneth and Charlie enter . ad lib hellos between they and the two middle - age woman . Charlie move to the coat rack to hang up he jacket , drop off he book on he desk , start for the coat rack . behind Charlie , we see Kenneth , carry he jacket , move to he desk , up where the middle - age man be work . kenneth hiya , walter . charlie hiya , walter . walter , the middle - age man , nod he good morning . kenneth ( poke in he desk drawer ; amiably ) walter , what time do you come in in the morning ? you be make we all look lousy , you know that ? I get the feel sometimes , you stay here overnight . walter merely nod , do not bother to look up from the work . Kenneth find a stick of gum in he drawer , unwrap it . two more woman , gray-haire and bespectacle , come into the office . there be a ad lib mumble of hellos in background . Charlie hang up he jacket on the coat rack . charlie Arnold in yet ? walter he start he vacation today . he 's get marry Sunday , you know . closeup of Charlie look out the window into the bright August morning . his face be just a little ruffle by a frown , and there be a kind of pain in he eye . behind he , walter and Kenneth . walter ( a nervous , anxious man ) well , the doctor be over last night . bring over the X ray ; bring over the allergy test . bring over a bill for sixty - eight dollar . I say to he : " Doctor , you be a young man , professional , highly educate , four year of college , two year of premedical training , several year of intern , of residency . if you be so smart , how can you charge I sixty - eight dollar ? one thing they apparently do not teach you in medical school . you can not get blood from a stone . " kenneth so what 's wrong with you , walter ? walter what 's wrong ? I have to go to Arizona , that 's what 's wrong . I have asthma . when I be a kid , they call it hay fever , and you carry a bag around you neck . asafetida . now , they call it asthma , and you have to go to Arizona . I say to he : " Doctor , you be a professional man , four year of college , premedical school , Bellevue , several diploma . answer I a question . who 's go to pay for Arizona ? " I say to he : " Doctor , " I say , " perhaps you have the illusion I be the aga Khan . I have a bear about I , perhaps , that mislead you to believe I have blood tie with the whitney and the rockefeller . this be not true . " Arizona . do you ever hear of such nonsense ? kenneth how serious be it , walter ? walter serious . nothing serious . I have hay fever , I sneeze a couple of time . the idiot tell my wife I have to go to Arizona , and she would not leave I alone all night . she 's already pack the bag . I say : " for heaven 's sake , you listen to doctor , we will all be dead . " my son , harold , believe I , he 's go to be a doctor . that 's some racket , boy . sixty - eight dollar . closeup of Charlie , still at the window , when a bell suddenly clang , indicate the start of the workday . the sudden jangle make he start , and he close he eye briefly against the noise . walter , in background , who have rise and be bent over Kenneth 's desk , dart nervously back to he own desk . walter you better get to work . hey , Charlie , that be the bell . I think flaherty be here this morning . we will all be fire today . I have a feel . he hunch over he ledger again , he anxious , harry face draw into intense wrinkle of concentration . several other woman have come into the office by now , and there be a general movement to the desk . there be the click of a typewriter , and walter run he finger glibly over the add machine on he desk . the day have start . after a moment , Charlie turn from the window and come back to he desk , sink down onto he chair . dissolve to : interior . the office -- twenty minute later we look down on the bookkeeping department . all the desk be occupy but two . there be six woman and we three man . the office be silent with industry , everybody 's head bent over he desk . there be the occasional punctuation of a add machine or a typewriter or a phone ringing . we three man be bent over they tally sheet , worksheet , and ledger , occasionally reach up to quickly tabulate something on the add machine . after a moment , walter say : walter ( without look up from he work ) you fellow go to Arnold 's party tonight ? kenneth ( without look up ) no , I be not go , be you ? walter no . Eddie already hook I for four buck for Arnold 's present . this dinner be go to cost another couple of good dollar . charlie it look like nobody 's go to Arnold 's bachelor party . walter you be not go ? charlie no , I be not go . walter Eddie 's go to be mad . charlie I tell Eddie last week I could not make it . I have get school . Eddie 's a bachelor . it 's all right for he to go root around town , pick up girl . walter yeah , you get marry you give that kind of thing up . kenneth yeah , Charlie say Eddie have a whole bunch of chorus girl line up for we tonight . walter 's head come up for the first time . walter no kid . charlie I do not say that . I just say that if I know Eddie , we would probably wind up with some of he crazy girl friend . walter look back down to he work again . kenneth I do not know where he get all this girl . he 's a screwy look jerk . walter do you see that blonde who be up here look for he last week ? kenneth yeah . he tell I she be a television actress . I think I see she once on " Studio one . " she be in a coal mine with some stir-crazy coalminer who be try to strangle she with a necktie . walter I would like to strangle she with a necktie . kenneth now , walter , a old marry man like you , with asthma and everything . walter look up suddenly from he work , a strange sting of pain crossing he face . walter I get real jealous of Eddie sometimes . he 's as free as a bird . do you see that convertible he 's get ? kenneth yeah , he really bang it up I hear . walter you ought to see the old heap I have get . he walk out of here on payday , he can spend the whole work on have himself a good time . I walk out of here , and I get three kid and a wife , all of they with they palm out . I lose two buck play poker at my house last week . it be a economic catastrophe . my wife do not sleep all night . charlie he 's late again . walter he will be twenty minute late again . if flaherty walk in now , he would fire he . if that ever happen to I , I think I would kill myself . what do Eddie care ? so he scramble around for another job . flaherty tell I last week I have too many day off . I tell he I be sick in bed . what do you want I to do ? he turn back again to he work , he face crease with anxiety . the three man work silently for a moment . then the office door open , and a man of about thirty - five , a little stout , but rather casual in he dress , wear steel - rimmed glass , enter . this be Eddie watkin , the office bachelor . he seem to have have very little sleep the night before . his eye , behind the wire - rimmed glass , be heavy - lidd . a cigarette dangle listlessly , from he mouth . there be something of the bacchanalian libertine about Eddie . there be a perfunctory exchange of hellos and good morning , establish that this be Eddie . he shuffles with ineffable weariness to he desk . walter hi , Eddie , you be early today , only twenty minute late , what happen ? eddie ( mutter through reluctant lip ) flaherty come in yet ? kenneth no . Eddie sit down at he desk , pull he cigarette automatically for a moment . then he reach over to a pile of telephone directory on the floor beside he desk , pull up the Manhattan one , flip through the page , find the number he want . he pick up the phone . eddie Mary , give I a outside line .... ( he pause , check the number in the phone book again , dial , wait ) hello , be this leathercraft on madison Avenue ? ... this be Mr. watkin . I be in about a week ago . I order a military set and a wallet . they be suppose to be ready yesterday .... yes , please , would you ? ... ( he be search he pocket while he wait , find a piece of paper , pull it out ) yeah , a military set and a wallet .... walter be that what we buy poor Arnold ? eddie ( on phone ) that 's right . the follow inscription should be on they : ( read from the paper ) on the military set : " to Arnold : best wish on you marriage from Alice , Charlie , Eddie , Evelyn , jeanette with two t's , Kenneth , Lucy , Mary , olga , walter , and flaherty . " now on the wallet ... yeah , what ? .... yeah , that 's right -- flaherty . now , on the wallet , the follow inscription : " to my best friend Arnold from he best man Eddie . " ... no , to my best friend Arnold . ... that 's right . " from he best man Eddie " ... now , can I come in at lunch and pick they up ? ... a young woman come into the office , go to walter 's desk and drop some papers before he . walter what 's this , jeanette ? girl it 's from finance , do not ask I . this be the girl in the office who go to the water cooler three time a morning and all the man covertly watch she . she be cute , but attractive more by comparison to the other woman in the office . nevertheless , all the man , include Eddie and Charlie , let they eye cautiously watch she as she leave , she sheath dress tight on she hip . Eddie , who have hang up , now rub he eye with two finger to clear he head and pick up the phone again . eddie ( on phone ) Mary , give I the Hotel westmore . Circle 7-0598 . charlie ( hand kennie paper ) this be not for I -- it 's for you . eddie ( to the other ) now who owe I on the present ? Charlie , you owe I ? charlie I give you four buck yesterday .... kenneth I owe you , Eddie . I will pay you tomorrow , payday . eddie ( on phone ) miss france Kelley , please . I think it 's room 417 .... the three head around he look slowly up from they respective work , naked interest manifest on they face . eddie ( call to one of the woman in the office ) hey , Evelyn , you owe I four buck . evelyn ( call back ) all right . I know . eddie ( on phone ) hello , france , this be Eddie .... all right , wait a minute . give I a chance to explain .... I know I wake you up .... all right , let I tell you . you know I be suppose to be the best man at this fellow Arnold 's wedding . so I call he up last night because I do not know whether I be suppose to wear tuxedo or tail . well , he do not know either , so he say : " come on over to my girl 's house with I tonight . they be make all the arrangement for the wedding now . " so I call you and leave a message at the desk say I could not get over till about ten o'clock .... all right ! that 's what I be go to explain ! ... thank you . ( hold receiver against he chest and look at he colleague with air of a man be try just a little too much . returns receiver to he ear , listen for a moment ) all right , so I have to go over to Arnold 's girl 's house with Arnold last night . well , there be about thirty people there , and , man , you never see such a crazy mess . there be this little bald - head guy there . he 's the bride 's uncle . he 's come all the way down from Boston with he whole family to go to the wedding . the only trouble be , he be not invite . well , this crazy uncle , he grab ahold of I , he start shaking I by the lapel . so I say : " what do you want from I ? I be not the groom ! I be just try to find out whether I be suppose to wear tuxedo or tail . " ( apparently this get a laugh . Eddie break into a smile ) funny , huh ? ... look , france . I have to go to work now . I be call you from the office . how about let I make this up to you ? I will take you out to dinner Saturday night .... I can not make it tonight . the bachelor party 's tonight .... all right , Saturday night .... it 's a date .... s'help I .... I swear , right on time . eight -thirty , okay ? ... okay , we will have a ball . Goodbye , go back to sleep . he hang up . the three marry man look down again to they ledger and tap away again on they add machine . Eddie sit slump in he seat for a moment . eddie what do I just tell that girl , Saturday night ? kenneth yeah . eddie ( pick up phone ) Mary , give I Columbus 5-1098 .... what do you mean personal call ! this be business call ! well , stop listen to other people 's conversation .... what have you get , stock in the company ? Columbus 5 - 1098 . ( wait ) kenneth listen , Eddie , I do not think I can go tonight . my father - in-law 's in from akron , Ohio , and ---- eddie ( all sweetness ) hello , who be this , Mrs. stebbin ? ... this be Eddie , Mrs. stebbin . I wonder if I can talk to muriel .... could I speak to she ? ... thank you .... the three marry man each look up slowly again , naked envy on each face . eddie ( on phone ) muriel , baby , listen , sweetie , I can not make it Saturday night .... I be all louse up with this wedding I be suppose to be the best man at .... we have to rehearse the ceremony . you would think they be get marry on television .... yes , sweetie , why do not I call you Monday . maybe , we will work out something before you go back to California .... all right , sweetie , good -bye . he hang up , sit a moment , then finally remove the cigarette from he mouth , crush it in he ash tray , and turn to the other . eddie well , what do you say ? I be go to call louie and make a reservation for a table for tonight . who 's come and who be not ? walter , you be come , right ? it will not cost you more than three - fifty for the whole meal . what do you say , walter ? you only live once . walter ( strangely sad ) that 's right . you only live once . eddie well , yes or no ? walter all right , I will come . eddie kennie ? kenneth yeah , I will get out of the house for a change . eddie how about you , Charlie ? Charlie be frown down at a sheaf of add machine total in front of he . charlie I do not think so , Eddie . kenneth ah , come on , Charlie , you get to bust loose every now and then . we will have a couple of drink . eddie ( pick up phone ) Mary , give I a outside line and do not give I no trouble .... chicker 4-5099 . walter come on , Charlie , it 's a short life , believe I . move in for closeup of Charlie , frown . over this , Eddie 's voice . eddie' voice hello , hello , louie ? be this louie ? ... louie , this be Eddie watkin . I would like to reserve a table for four for tonight .... for four ... charlie hey , Eddie ... eddie' voice what ? charlie Count I in . he immediately bend back to he work , take he pencil up again . camera pull quickly up and away until we have a angle shot look down at they desk in various position of work . eddie ( on phone ) louie , make that five .... five guy ... yeah , a bachelor party ... fade out fade in exterior . downtown new york CITY -- night fade in with a big loud blare on eighth Street in greenwich Village on a warm August night . pack sidewalk , jamme traffic , taxi , truck , bus , honk of horn , etc . man-we're-going -to-have -a-ball type feel . dissolve to : exterior . STREET -- night Thirteenth Street off Sixth Avenue not so blary and light up as the main drag , but traffic be heavy , and there be lot of people on the sidewalk . there be a number of restaurant dotting the street with they little stripe awning and modest neons . if we be on we toe , we notice one neon that read : " louie be . " dissolve to : interior . louiee' restaurant the entire interior be not too much to show , really . it 's a small restaurant , but it be pack . waiter scurry here and there . people jammer and jab . hustle and bustle . in background , we can pick out we bachelor party , five man now , cluster around a table , yakking it up . wide shot of we bachelor party , show all five . they all seem to be in the best of spirit . the new member of the cast be Arnold , the groom , a towhead , pleasant - look young man of thirty , shy to the point of be noticeable . of all the man at the party , he be the quietest . he sit , a smile nail onto he face , turn he head from one friend to another as they talk , enjoy the rare privilege of be like . the dinner be over . during the ensue scene , a bus boy continue to remove the use dish . several large bottle of beer and two fifth of scotch be on the table . there be a welter of variously assort glass . Eddie , walter , and Kenneth be smoking cigar , Charlie a cigarette . the Groom be not smoking . we have cut into the scene during a jumble of conversation . walter be talk to Charlie , whose head be bent toward the older man . Kenneth be try to tell the Groom a joke , but the Groom 's attention be be distract by Eddie , who be lean across the table try to get Charlie 's attention . ad lib . kenneth ( finish story ) Three hundred pound ! be not she kind of fat ? no , man , tall ! hey , waiter ! waiter ! eddie hey , Charlie ... walter ( to Charlie ) ... so we be station right outside Paris , about eight mile , a town call chatou ... eddie ... hey , Charlie ... walter ( to Charlie ) ... so the first night , a whole bunch of we swipe a jeep out of the motor court . we have a feller there who be a tech sergeant in the motor court . oh , what a character he be ! he use to get load every night on that vanilla extract . eddie hey , Charlie ... charlie what do you want , Eddie ? eddie hey , Charlie , do I ever tell you about the time I be station at Buckley field in Denver , and I pick up this girl in lakeside amusement Park ? walter hey , Eddie , listen to this story I be tell Charlie . hey , Arnold , I be tell Charlie about the time I and that crazy tech sergeant from the motor court get load on vanilla extract and go to Paris ... hey , Kenneth ... kenneth when do the Giants come back from they road trip , do anybody know ? eddie hey , let 's give out the present now . walter hey , Kenneth , listen to this story . I be station outside of Paris , about eight mile ... charlie what ? kenneth oh , that Paris ! I be there for two day ! club ! you have to beat the woman off with club ! ... charlie ( to people at another table ) what ...? oh , it 's a bachelor party -- this guy 's get marry . eddie listen , I want to give the present ... walter well , let I tell you what happen ... eddie hey , you know what be a great town for woman , Hamburg ! kenneth Hamburg ! club ! club ! you have to beat they off with club ! hey , waiter -- who 's we waiter ? charlie hey , Arnold , enjoy yourself ? eddie the first night I be in Hamburg , two fraulein come walk right in the barrack . so I say to the lieutenant ... walter , who be pretty light , suddenly stand and bang the table mightily with he fist . walter ( bellow out ) the best fight outfit in the whole fight army be the fight hundre and fourth infantry division , General Terry Allen commanding ! this bring the jumble conversation to a halt . walter survey the other four , look for possible challenge , then sit heavily down . eddie ( stand ) well , now that we get that settle .... charlie I be with you , walter . arnold we believe you , walter . eddie I would like to make a little speech to we guest of honor and mutual friend , Arnold Craig . Arnold , a bunch of we down the office , the girl too , all chip in , and we get you a couple of small gift .... Eddie cross to extra chair , pick up wrap gift , cross back to he place . walter ( whisper to Kenneth ) this be the gag gift . eddie let 's see , what 's this one ? oh , yeah . Arnold , we figure Louise might be very sleepy on you wedding night , so we think you might want something to keep you warm . walter lean forward to see what the tissue - wrap parcel Arnold be now unwrap be . walter what be it ? what be it ? Arnold hold a hot-water bottle aloft . walter be seize with a paroxysm of laughter at this immensely rabelaisian gift . walter it 's a hot -water bottle ! kenneth okay , walter , okay . walter hey , do you see that ? hey , he buy he a hot -water bottle for he wedding night . hey , that 's funny ... charlie hey , Eddie , you should have buy he a ice pack for after tonight . eddie ( hold a second parcel ) walter , take it easy .... now , this one , Arnold , this one be something to keep you busy on cold winter night . walter ( cross to Arnold ; to the other ) this ought to be good . eddie look at walter . walter have come around behind Arnold 's chair and can hardly wait to see what the next joke be . walter hey , this be funny . who buy this ? you buy this , Eddie ? this be funny . you get a good sense of humor . Arnold unwrap the parcel , hold out a miniature baby bottle . this be too much for walter ; how funny can you get ? he clutches he side . walter hey , do you guy see that ? hey , do you guy see that ? charlie come on , walter , sit down . Charlie and Kenneth be smile appreciatively . walter cross with bottle , sit , start pour whisky into baby bottle . walter Eddie get a good sense of humor , you know ? kenneth ( to Charlie ) Boy , old walter be crock . arnold ( smile , rise halfway in he chair ) listen , I want to thank you . really . I really want to thank you fellow . eddie we have not get to the serious present yet , Arnold . a hush fall over the assemble guest . Arnold compose he face into a solemn expression and look down at the cluttere table . eddie ( solemnly ) well , in all seriousness , Arnold , seriously , I do not know why you pick I to be you best man , but I be deeply honore . I guess it 's because we be both dodger fan , and I be go to miss you at next Tuesday 's night game when the Pittsburgh Pirates invade ebbet field . we always have a lot of fun together , and , seriously , Arnold , in all seriousness , good luck on you wedding , but see if you can not get out of the house occasionally , see a night game or even a Sunday doubleheader with you old buddy , Eddie . this touch address have bring a note of sadness to the gather . indeed , there be tear in walter 's and Arnold 's eye . eddie ( hand Arnold two neatly wrap package ) well , anyway , in all seriousness , here be a couple of present from all of we in the office and good luck . Arnold take the present , stand , head bow . Eddie sit and all face turn to Arnold . arnold well , I just want to thank you fellow . I do not know what to say . I just want to thank you . kenneth open the present , Arnold . arnold I will . I just want to say , Eddie , that when the Pirates invade ebbet field next Tuesday night , I be go to be sit right there in section 37 there right with you . eddie you will be on you honeymoon next Tuesday , Arnold . this interesting information give Arnold pause . arnold gee , that 's right . charlie ( smile ) Arnold , you be get marry Sunday , do you forget ? walter look at he blush . arnold ( frown fuzzily ) no , I do not forget . it 's just that ... gee , that 's right . Sunday . what 's today , Thursday ? kenneth and eddie all day ! arnold Boy , it 's here , be not it ? I guess I have be run around so much the last couple of week , I guess the wedding snuck up on I . kenneth I think Arnold 's have a little buck fever . do anyone know what we waiter look like ? eddie ( to Kenneth ) you know who do not want to chip in for Arnold 's present ? ... charlie Arnold will be all right . have a drink , Arnold . walter I have my basic training in Camp Croft , South Carolina , near spartanburg . eddie I be at maxwell field , what a desert . charlie walter , what ever happen when you and that tech sergeant from the motor pool get load on vanilla extract ? walter what tech sergeant ? charlie walter , you be crock . ( to Arnold ) open up the present -- see what you get . kenneth hey , be you we waiter ? bring we some ice . I get he -- I get we waiter ! arnold it be sure nice of you fellow . the voice have rise again into the jumble high spirit that open the scene . eddie hey , man , we be have a ball ! dissolve to : exterior . eighth STREET -- night we look down on eighth Street in greenwich Village . it be eight thirty at night . it be a fairly active and well - light street , bright with neons and movie marquee and light - up shop . we five carouser be march down the sidewalk , that be four of they be on the sidewalk . walter can not quite decide whether he want to walk on the sidewalk or in the street . he keep hopping in and out between the park car , run to catch up when he fall behind . they be all feel pretty good . Arnold be sing in a waver baritone : arnold de- witt c-l-i-n-t-o-n boom ! Clinton ! oh , cli-inton ! ever to theeeee ! closer shot of the five carouser . arnold ( sing ) fairest of high school ... eddie how do he ever get on this alma mater kick ? arnold ( sing ) ... give she three time three oh , fellow ... rah ! rah ! rah ! another shot of the five carouser , walter whistling at two pass girl . arnold Long may we cherish thee faithful we will be . Clinton , oh , Clinton for you and I ... da-da-da-da-da ... crash through that line of blue and send the back around the end . eddie there he go with that fullback again . arnold rah ! rah ! rah ! dissolve to : exterior . greenwich avenue and tenth STREET -- night group shot of we five carouser pause on the curb , wait for the light to change in they favor . greenwich Avenue traffic be pretty heavy , go in both direction . the five man be kind of strung out along the curb with Charlie be the last in line . stand beside he , also wait for the light to change , be a good- look , well - dress , chic young woman of twenty - four or five . kenneth where we go ? Eddie 's place to see movie ? arnold what movie ? eddie Boy , just wait till you see this movie ! hey , Charlie , hey Charlie ... charlie what ? eddie ( indicate the young woman ) who 's you beautiful friend , Charlie ? Charlie turn and regards the pretty young woman . charlie ( to the girl ) Excuse I . my friend down there want to know who you be . the young woman , who for we own mysterious purpose we shall refer to as the existentialist , regards the five reasonably tight young man all stare at she . Kenneth have already begin to giggle . the existentialist ( with a mona Lisa smile ) where be you all from , out - of-town ? charlie Indiana . ( turn to the other ) be not that right , feller ? we be from Indiana , right ? eddie Indiana ! Indiana , man ! Kenneth and Arnold , to whom this incident be already unbearably funny , have turn away and be clutching they side , try to suppress a fit of giggle . charlie ( to the existentialist ) we be from the hoosier State , mar 'am ... walter Terre haute ! we be from Terre haute ! charlie ( to the existentialist ) we be from Terre haute , and we have come to the big city look for a good time , and we just do not know what to do with ourselves , mar 'am . eddie ( to walter ) look at that Charlie operate . the existentialist must be a convention in town . charlie we have just come off the ranch there , honey , and we be just raring . be that right , man ? be we raring ? eddie we be raring , boy , we be raring ! kenneth ( beside himself with laughter ) hey , Charlie , cut it out , will you ? the light change and the existentialist start off across greenwich Avenue to the west side of the street . the five carouser follow right along after she . that be , Charlie dog along behind the existentialist as they cross the street . walter and Eddie be close behind he , listen to Charlie 's pitch . Kenneth and Arnold , embarrassed and giggle , stagger along behind . charlie ( chugge along behind the existentialist ) we be down here in greenwich Village look for some wild bohemian . do you happen to know any wild bohemian ? the existentialist all right , fellow , enough 's enough , huh ? she step up to the sidewalk on the west side of greenwich Avenue and hurry along down tenth Street to a little house about four door down , the five carouser on she heel like a pack of puppy . charlie ( hurry along after the existentialist ) I be something of a poet myself , mar 'am . many 's the long night in the bunkhouse where I sit by myself and write by the flicker light of a kerosene lamp . could I read you some of my poem , mar 'am ? I know they be not much , but they be from the heart , mar 'am . the existentialist pause in she hurried walk down tenth Street to examine Charlie with some interest . the existentialist you have a sense of humor , do not you ? eddie ( to Charlie ) you be go great , man , do not stop now . the existentialist go up the two little step to the front door of the house and ring the bell . eddie ( to the existentialist ) where be you go , honey ? the existentialist wait compose and patient for someone to answer she ring . Charlie have wander back to Arnold and Kenneth , and the three of they be now suffuse with laughter . Kenneth have be laugh so much , tear be come out of he eye . he walk around in little circle clutching he side . several passersby hurry by , note the strange little group on the sidewalk . eddie ( to the existentialist ) what 's go on in there , honey ? the existentialist ( patiently bored ) there 's a party go on . I be not sure I be invite myself , so I can not really invite you . eddie sure you can . the door open and a woman in a tea gown stand there look at the existentialist and then at the five man on the sidewalk . behind she , there be evidence of a party go on . the hostess how nice to see you , darling . who be you friend ? the existentialist I have not the vaguest idea . I be ambush crossing greenwich Avenue by a tribe of the Terre haute kiwanis . the hostess ( she wave a vague hand in a sort of shooing motion at the five man on the sidewalk ) go away , you man . go back to the biltmore Hotel and put on you red cap . eddie I always think you city people be more hospitable to we poor farm boy . the other four carouser be laugh too much to even talk . Charlie have amble up to the existentialist , who be peer over she hostess into the room behind she . charlie ( to the existentialist , smile amiably ) I be sorry , miss . a friend of ours be get marry here , and we be just horsing around . the existentialist look into the young man 's smile , rather win face . the existentialist why do not you come back after you get rid of you friend . eddie he will be back ! she turn abruptly and disappear past the hostess into the room . eddie ( to Charlie ) man , she like you , man ! the hostess now , you boy go away . she back into she house and close the door . Eddie start up the step to the door . the other four just roar with laughter , clutch they side , and giggle and snort . eddie well , what do you say , man , be we go to this party , or be not we ? charlie ( laugh ) come on , Eddie . I think you have some movie you want to show we . eddie what do you want to see movie for ? you get the real thing right here . charlie ( laugh ) Eddie , we be marry man here . eddie come on , let 's crash this party . I have be to this greenwich Village party . man , they be wild . kenneth come on , Eddie , let 's go up to you place , see this movie . eddie ( come reluctantly back to the other , say to Charlie ) man , you be go strong with that girl . you could have score . she 's just wait for you . go in after she . kenneth come on , Eddie . let 's go see the movie . eddie ( to the other ) all right , I live about three block down . you guy want to see movie , all right , let 's go see movie . dissolve to : interior . the bachelor' apartment Eddie be scowling over a home - style movie projector , mutter over the intricacy of fitting a reel into the ratchet . Arnold have suddenly become voluble and be gab away at he . camera dolly around they during the scene so that we can see into the live room of the apartment , appoint in simple but neat masculine taste , where the other three man move in and out of view . right now , we be concerned only with Arnold and Eddie . arnold ... we be move in with she mother and father . I do not know if that 's such a good idea . what do you think ? we have not get a apartment yet , and we figure we will live a year with she folk , save on the rent , see ? Kenneth come back from the kitchen with three open bottle of beer . kenneth anybody want a bottle of beer ? arnold ( to Eddie ) she 's a widow , and that bother I a little . I do not know why . she 's two year older than I . I do not know if you know that . her husband get kill in Korea . she 's a cousin of mine , you know . kenneth ( move into the live room ) who want a bottle of beer ? charlie I will take a bottle . walter yeah , give I one . arnold a third cousin , something like that . it 's not good for cousin to marry , be it ? what do you think of she ? I know she 's not terribly pretty , but I mean ... eddie ( mutter imprecation at the projector ) Arnold , leave I alone a minute , will you ? arnold sure . ( turn to the other in live room , plant a huge smile on he face ) well , I be get marry Sunday . kenneth have fun , walter ? walter fun . a bunch of grow man sit around wait to look at college boy picture . arnold I swear , I never think two month ago I be ever go to get marry . I still do not know how it happen .... eddie hey , somebody turn off the light . walter be promptly up to turn off the light . charlie hey , you know , you have get a nice place here . the room be abruptly flood in darkness . a beam of light shoot out from the projector . it seem point at the window . Arnold stand up directly in the shaft of light . arnold I be just take she out . I do not know it be so serious . eddie Arnold , get out of the way , will you ? arnold oh , sure . Arnold move a step , still in the shaft of light , he shadow huge on the wall . Eddie , mutter , jockey the projector around try to focus it on the screen . the square of light and some flicker image wander up and down a wall . arnold ... we be sit in the car , so she say : " well , Arnold , we have be go together six month now . I think it 's time we decide whether we be be serious . " walter hey , Eddie , you get it on the window . arnold I do not know it be so serious . I do not even know we be go together . I just take she out every now and then . charlie Arnold , you be funny . eddie turn on the light again , will you , walter . walter what 's the matter ? eddie I forget to loop it over this loop thing . walter cross to light switch . the room be flood in light again . charlie oh , for cry out loud . arnold ( small panic ) I can not even remember what she look like ! I just see she this afternoon ! kenneth Arnold , have a bottle of beer . it 's not so terrible . arnold Boy , I tell you . it 's for the rest of you life when you get marry . this be a big decision to make . walter do anybody seriously want to see this movie ? Eddie be furiously wind and unwind spool . camera have dollied around so that we be look back up the live room toward the projector and the man . arnold I could be make a serious mistake . eddie Arnold , you be in the way again . come on now . all right , put off the light . the room be flood in darkness again . walter hurry to a chair . the square of light be reasonably focus , just a edge trail off onto the drape of the window . number flicker quickly on on the screen . the rest of the scene we see look into the whiten face of the five man at they various post . Arnold cross , stand back of walter . kenneth here we go . eddie hey , Arnold , if this be the one I think it be , there 's one part here I want you to see . walter ( a picture of determine boredom , but put on he glass ) this be for kid . charlie say he -- put on he glass . kenneth " the Baseball game . " that 's a nice title , do not you think ? eddie this be the one , Arnold . there 's a guy in here who look just like Arnold . kenneth hey , she 's not bad . usually , the girl in this thing look like dinosaur . walter ( he eye glue to the screen ) a bunch of grow man ... he break off as apparently some interesting action have start on screen . a involuntary grunt of acknowledgment escape he . eddie I get this picture off my dentist . I do not know where be get they . there you be , Arnold , that 's you . charlie yeah , it do look like Arnold . eddie do not that look like Arnold ? kenneth who 's look at the guy ? charlie Arnold , you have get a great career ahead of you . kenneth that girl look like the girl Charlie pick up just before . eddie probably be . walter that fellow there be not a bad actor . charlie actor . you could play that part pretty easy yourself . kenneth I think the Daily News give this one four star . eddie I would like to see this in Three -d . the side comment drift off for a moment , and a sort of freeze attention settles on the white face . each face be sort of set in a mold of determine disinterest , but the eye be all watch . walter well , I will just watch one of they . then , I think I will just go home . he wet he lip , lift the bottle of beer to he mouth and take a swallow . his eye never leave the screen . dissolve to : interior . kitchen charlie and helen' apartment helen stand in front of the laundry part of the sink , do she private laundry . she have on a house smock and she sleeve be roll up . the doorbell ring . helen take a towel off the doorknob behind she and , wiping she hand , come down across the dining area to the front door . she open the door to admit a young woman , about eight year older than helen . helen hiya , Julie . I be beginning to think you be not come . julie ( come in ) I be at my mother 's house . do they call you ? they say they be go to call you . helen yeah , you mother be very sweet . julie you should have see my father . I say , " pa , you have another grandchild come . " so he say , " who ? " so I say , " Charlie . " so he say , " that little helen ? " so I say , " if it be not that little helen , Charlie better leave town . " so out come the beer . well , they have be after Charlie to have a baby for a long time now . I say , " pa , leave he alone . let he get establish before he saddle himself with a baby . " anyway , I want you to know joy reign supreme in you in - law ' house . ( she move into the kitchen ) how 's Charlie take it ? helen ( follow she into the kitchen ) listen , let I make you a cup of tea or something . julie no , no , I have be drink beer for the last two hour , celebrate you baby . helen soda , anything like that ? julie no , honey , you go on with you wash . be that what you be do ? ( she sit ) when I have my first baby , Mike be ashamed to be see on the street with I . well , listen , he be intern at the time . we need a baby like a hole in the head . that 's why he 's a general practitioner now , because of that baby . he be study to be a surgeon . he absolutely refuse to admit I be pregnant . even in my ninth month , and I be as big as a house . he use to walk ten pace in front of I in the street like he do not know who that woman with the belly be . where be Charlie anyway ? helen I tell you he -- julie oh , yeah . I would not let my Mike go on a bachelor party . helen ( turn back to she wash ) what be they go to do , get a little drunk ? julie be you kid ? what do you think this bachelor party be for , bachelor ? this be for the marry man . it 's a good excuse to get drunk and find some girl . helen can you picture Charlie get drunk and pick up a girl ? Charlie 's old soberside . you should have see what I go through to get he to make a pass at I . he 's so sweet . nobody know how really sweet he be , he 's so quiet all the time . my brother die in September , he use to stay up with I till three , four o'clock every night . I use to cry all night , and he use to sit on the bed and talk with I . I use to look at he talk there , and I use to think : " what would I do without this sweet man here ? I would go crazy . " you know , you like to be a little cynical sometimes , Julie . julie wait will you have be marry eleven year . helen you like to talk about all the affair everybody 's husband be have . do you know actually one woman whose husband be actually play around ? a abrupt , sad expression , tinged with pain , have come over Julie 's face . she look down at the table . julie wait will you have be marry eleven year . helen , aware that she have perhaps touch on a sensitive subject , frown and turn back to she wash . a quick , thick silence dip into the room . julie ( look down ) wait will Charlie get to be forty - two . my Mike 's have a affair right now with one of he patient right now . we do not talk about it -- do not you , either , not even to Charlie . but Mike know I know about it . I even know the patient . a marry woman with a hyperthyroid problem . my Mike 's a good doctor with a pretty good practice . the kid be crazy about he . but every now and then he have to go out and get involved with a woman . she look down at she hand in she lap . julie listen , I will take a cup of tea if you have get one . she stand , open the pantry , look around among the can and package for a box of tea bag . helen ( quite shocked ) you be kid , be not you ? julie ( find the box of tea bag ) would I kid about something like that ? she put the box of tea bag a the workshelf , unhook a saucepan hang over the stove , turn to the sink and fill it with water . helen regards she , not quite know what to say . Julie set the saucepan go on the stove , stare at it . julie I do not know why I tell you . do not tell anybody , not even Charlie . I do not want the family to know . but this woman be not the first one . I know that much . about three year ago , the doorbell ring . I open the door . there 's a man there . he say : " tell you husband to stay away from my sister . " how would you like to open the door and have somebody say that to you ? I cry for two week . I do not know what to do about it , helen . should I bring it out in the open with Mike or should I just keep my mouth shut like the other time ? because he 's not go to leave I . even if he do not care about I , he have he kid to think about . we marry too young . that be we big mistake . we marry too young . her face , she whole body suddenly tighten to forestall any possibility of break into tear , and she sit down abruptly on the kitchen stool , she eye clench tight and she face rigidly impassive . helen remain nervously silent . julie ( she voice rise just a little from the suppress emotion within she ) we should have wait till he finish he internship . what kind of marry life be that ? twenty - two dollar a month he be earning . every other day , he have to sleep in the hospital . the first two year of we marriage , we do not even see each other . and then I be pregnant . he have to quit , what do you think ? he want to be a surgeon , he wound up be a g.p . from that day he hate I . I have two other child by he , but he hate I . he tell I in just so many word . why do you think I keep tell you , helen , why do you think I keep tell you : " do not have a baby till Charlie find himself . " ( suddenly cry out ) it hurt ! even after eleven year , it hurt ! she stand abruptly and move quickly past helen out the kitchen doorway into the dark live room , leave helen stand troubled , concerned , in the kitchen . after a moment , helen move to the kitchen doorway and a step out into the dining area . she look through the dark live room to the gray silhouette of Julie stand by the live room window , she form lightly outline by a trace of moonlight . helen be you all right , Julie ? julie ( mutter ) I be all right . I be all right . dissolve to : interior . bachelor' apartment ( 45 minute later ) we be look back up the live room as we be at the close of the last scene in this apartment . the room be absolutely dark now , but a light pour in from the foyer . in this shaft of light , we can see Eddie move from behind the projector to the wall switch and turn on the light . the room be abruptly bright with light , and we five man squint against the sudden glare . they have all change they position and take off they jacket and loosen they tie . they be lolling about . camera look down to the floor to take particular note of eight empty beer bottle , a open fifth of bourbon , ash trays , crumpled pack of cigarettes , a cup and saucer , somebody 's shoe , somebody 's jacket that have fall off the back of a chair . over this we hear walter 's voice : walter be that the last one ? eddie yeah . a thick silence fill the room . there be a kind of sodden feel to this scene . after a long moment , walter 's voice again : walter ah , you have see one , you have see they all . kenneth yeah , they be all alike . charlie I do not know -- I think the first one be all right . walter yeah , I be so bored by the rest of they . I nearly fall asleep during the last one . kenneth you in the habit of sleep with you eye open ? we look down on the room now , at all five of the man , Eddie rewind the last reel , the little motor of the projector hum . the other loll about , they leg dangle over the armrest of the soft chair and sofa . there be a heavy , dense mood that no one seem willing to break . charlie what time 's it about , anybody know ? arnold ( glance at he watch ) I get a quarter to nine . eddie no , it 's later than that , about a quarter after . again the silence fall upon the five man . only the hum little motor interrupt the thick silence . nobody move . walter ( after a moment ) ah , you see one , you have see they all . again the silence . Charlie stretch over for he bottle of beer on the floor beside he chair . he pour what 's leave of the bottle into the glass stand beside it . otherwise nobody move . walter ( after a moment ) so that 's the last one you have get to show we , Eddie ? eddie yeah . you want to run they backwards ? kenneth I wonder where they get the girl to make this movie ? walter might as well go home , I guess . kenneth yeah . the idea do not seem to propel anybody to any decisive movement . walter shift he position on the sofa , stretch out he leg , regards he shoe with a sudden sadness . walter ( after a moment ) life be short . this give everybody something to think about for a moment . eddie ( hunch over the projector , dismantle it ) you guy feel like go down to have a drink for Arnold ? this bring a reaction . walter stand . walter yeah ! what do you say ? one last drink for Arnold ! charlie okay with I . suddenly life be back in the room , the man ad-lib : " where 's my coat ? " " let 's get out of here , " etc . kenneth ( unwind himself from he slouched position on a chair ) you can say what you want to about this picture -- they be really pretty bad -- but they get you . arnold do not you think we ought to clean up the place ? eddie no , I get a woman come in . walter ( grab up he jacket ) I almost fall asleep during the last one . ( he look at the other ) well , what do you say , huh ? let 's go ! one last drink ! ad lib on exit . dissolve to : interior . live room charlie and helen' apartment helen and Julie . a corner lamp in the live room be light , lend a soft but not too effective light to the room . the two young woman be on the couch . helen sit curl at one end , head down listen to Julie , who have be talk and probably cry a little since we last see they forty - five minute ago . Julie be seat with she leg stretch out in front of she , she head rest back on the back of the couch . she be talk more freely and easily now , the first hard outburst over with . julie ... he 's a boy , my Mike . till the day he die , he will never be more than fifteen . perpetual adolescence , that 's the curse of the professional man . he spend he whole youth try to be a doctor , a lawyer , a accountant . then he spend the rest of he life look for the fun he should have have when he be a boy . helen oh , I know . Charlie and I hardly even see each other . julie it 's very hard on the wife , helen . this be the year when you should be building you marriage . instead , you grow away from each other . I have see it happen with my friend . in the end , they have nice home in New rochelle , and a may , and they maid be happier than they be . but sometimes it do work . it can be do , helen . encourage Charlie to stay with he school because ... helen oh , I will , Julie ... julie ... he 's a ambitious boy ... helen ... oh , it 's not just he 's ambitious ... julie ... and if he do not fulfill himself , he will resent you and you baby the rest of he life . helen oh , I do not want he to quit . he love accounting , Julie . I see he sometimes , sit over he homework . he 's get he ledger out , and he 's add up column of figure as long as he arm . and he 's chuckle . you would think he be read the comic . he have a book there , Business Law . how he can read it I do not know . but I will be watch television or something , and he will come over , and he will start tell I about some fine legal point . I do not know what he 's talk about , but it 's enough for I to see how excited it make he . he love it , Julie . you can not take something like that away from he . it 's just -- it 's just I feel we be not really close any more . I mean , he come home from school , lot of time I be asleep already . and , when I do see he , he seem all involved with himself . he look at I sometimes as if I be a stranger to he , and I feel sometimes I be . I be afraid of that , Julie . julie then get rid of the baby . it be say simply , inevitably , even innocently . it bring only a frown to helen 's face and a short silence . julie if I have it to do again , believe I , that 's what I would do . helen ( slowly become aware of the depth of what they be talk about ) you do not mean that , Julie . julie yes , I do . my child be the only thing in my life now , but I would rather have a husband . helen I would not even think about it . julie that 's what I say , too . helen let 's not even think about it . if I even mention it , he would -- he would hit I , I think . julie all right . now , the thick , tense silence fall between they . they both occupy themselves with they own troubled thought . helen I want this baby , Julie . I have want this baby for a long time . it 's the only thing I have ever ask of Charlie . if I mention that to he -- I do not know what he would do . again , they sink into silence . then in the thick silence , the telephone ring . the two young woman be so deep within they thought that neither of they move . it ring again , and helen slide off the couch and go to the phone . it ring again . she pick it up . helen ( on phone ) hello .... hello , Charlie , where be you call from ? ... you sound like you be have a nice time .... oh , you be have a ball , huh ? ... well , what time do you think you will be come home ? interior . phone booth in eighth STREET bar Charlie in the phone booth , smile broadly . he seem in wonderful spirit . through the glass of the phone booth we can see part of the bar and some of the barfly . charlie ( on phone ) well , that 's what I want to call you about , honey . I think a couple of the guy be cut out now . I think kennie 's go home . but I be wonder if you want I home for any special reason . interior . the foyer helen ( on phone ) just a minute , Charlie .... she rise , go to kitchen door , still hold the phone . helen ( to Julie ) Excuse I a minute , Julie . it 's Charlie .... she go into the kitchen . a little embarrassed , she close the kitchen door . interior . the kitchen helen ( on phone ) Charlie ? ... ( sit ) Charlie , come on home now .... no , I feel all right . I just miss you . Julie 's here , and we be talk about you , and I just miss you .... ah , come on .... ( frown a little ) well , no , if you be have such a good time , stay out and enjoy yourself .... no , Charlie , I do not want you to come home if you be have a good time .... I be not lonely . Julie 's here . we be talk . I be wash some thing .... I know , that 's what I tell you this morning . you have finally get a night off for yourself . I do not want you to feel guilty about it .... Charlie , do you love I ? ... you sound angry .... no , come home any time you want .... ( she wet she lip nervously ) Charlie ... ( she let she head sink down onto the palm of she free hand ) Charlie , there 's no girl at this party , be there ? ... I be not check up on you , Charlie . I just miss you , that 's all .... all right , Charlie , please , I do not want to argue with you . Julie 's in the live room . ... all right , have a good time , stay out as long as you want .... all right , Charlie , good - bye . she slowly hang up the receiver , sit slump and abject . interior . phone booth in eighth STREET bar Charlie in booth . the broad grin have disappear from he face . as see through the close glass door of the booth , he be a very sullen and despondent young man . he stand now , push the door open , and come out . camera pull back so that we can see the whole area of the bar near the phone booth . next to the phone booth be two door mark guy and doll . Kenneth be come in from the deeper recess of the bar where the other member of the bachelor party be group in a booth . he be head for the door mark guy . Charlie regards Kenneth bleakly as he approach . charlie the party break up ? kenneth ( push into the man 's room ) I do not know . I be go home . you go home ? charlie yeah , I think so . he push into the men' room after Kenneth . interior . the men' room a small , white - tile , yet somehow not too clean , man 's room , two -urinal size . there be one washbowl with a small mirror over it , and two water closet with door , separate from each other by a steel partition . Charlie perches on the edge of the washbowl ; he apparently come in just to talk . Kenneth move off camera for more practical use of the room . camera stay on Charlie who seem depressed , pensive , sad . stay on he for a long moment . then ... charlie ( frown ) you love you wife , kennie ? kenneth' voice ( off ) well , I have be marry six year . I have get two kid that keep I awake all night long . every Sunday , we go out drive in Long Island look for a house that 's go to take one , probably two mortgage . I better love my wife . Kenneth appear now , edge Charlie away from the wash basin , so he can wash he hand . charlie I do not feel like go home . be you go ? hang around , kennie . it 's only about nine thirty , ten . kenneth it 's after ten . it 's about ten after ten . Kenneth rip off a paper towel . the only noise for a moment be the soft crumpling of paper as Kenneth dry he hand . kenneth the party 's get a little wild in there anyway . Eddie and walter get poor Arnold nail in there , they be try to talk he into get a girl . this party 's go to wind up in a joint , let I tell you . this be a good time to blow . charlie ( frown ) yeah .... I should have go to class tonight . I be pay twenty buck a credit . the least I can do be go to class . he break off abruptly , turn away with a sudden frown . charlie I take one night off , I can not even enjoy myself . do you know Eddie go back to Europe ? kenneth no , I do not know that . charlie he be tell I he live in Paris for three month . I would like to do that ! he amble around the men' room , study himself with unsee eye in the little mirror , poke the trash can into which Kenneth be now drop he wad paper towel . he suddenly turn to Kenneth , stare at he . Kenneth look at he in mirror . kenneth what 's the matter ? charlie I be go to quit . what be I kill myself for ? kenneth quit what ? charlie quit night school . tonight be the first laugh I have have in year . I can not remember the last time I have so much fun . look what I be miss . I be make a pretty good live . I can support a wife and baby on what I make . I be go to quit ! I mean it . I be go to quit . Boy , what a time to have a baby . kenneth you do not have to quit school because you be have a baby , Charlie . there be lot of guy go to night school with two , three kid . charlie you ought to meet some of this guy . they be just grind they life away . it 's a obsession with some of this guy . I mean , what 's the point ? so I will go five more year to night school . so I will get my degree . so I will get a job as a junior accountant for three year at seventy - five buck a week . I be make better than that now . and then it just start . the cpa exam . by the time I be fifty , I can start live . at this point , I get a heart attack and a ulcer , and they bury I in the ground , and they say : " that be Charlie samson , the man who do not see a movie in fifty year . " why go through all that ? I will quit . I feel so mad right now , you better keep a eye on I , kennie , because I be go to wind up punch somebody . the door open . man enter to clean a spot off he tie . kenneth come on , let 's go home . charlie what do I want to go home for ? kenneth you be in a lousy mood . the man , finish with he tie , exit . kenneth ( after a moment ) Charlie , go home . I can see you be go to get fry tonight and wind up pick up a tramp and you be go to wake up in the morning feel like two-bit . charlie it would be a profit . kenneth Charlie , about five year ago , I go without a job for seven month . Alice be carry we first baby . we be live on money I borrow from my brother . I do not know if you remember I in that day , but it be rough . I use to go out every night , put a load on , and make a pass at any girl who look at I . and I mean any . Big , tall , short , fat , anything . well , one night I pick up some tomato somewhere , and we be sit in a bar or somewhere , and I keep call she Alice all night . so she say to I : " my name be not Alice . who 's Alice ? " so I say : " Alice be my wife , " and I get up and I go home . Charlie wait a moment for Kenneth to continue , but apparently this be all Kenneth have to offer at the moment . charlie what do that mean ? kenneth I do not know . I have a point when I start tell that story . charlie I be not look for another woman . kenneth yes , you be , Charlie . you may not know it , but you be . so go on home , Charlie , before you get any drunker than you be . Charlie , you start mess with other woman , something go . it will kill you marriage . it will kill you wife . it will just kill she . what my wife go through -- well , I do not even want to remember it . it 's never the same with you wife again , Charlie . charlie I be not look for any woman . kenneth I think what I be try to say be you stick with you night school . some guy have to make peace with themselves that they be never go to amount to too much . a guy like I . once I make that peace with myself , I find out it do not really matter what you amount to . I get a nice wife and two child I complain about all the time , but if anything ever happen to either one of they , I think I would die . but you do not have to make that kind of peace , and you would be crazy to settle for less than what you want . you want something , Charlie . I think that 's wonderful . ( Charlie 's eye go toward Kenneth ) you be a little drunk now , and you be feed up to the tooth . everybody get feed up , Charlie . you stick with it . you be go to be all right . charlie ( touch ) you be a nice guy , kennie . kenneth sure . you be a nice guy too . the door to the men' room open , and a Young man come in , look around quickly at Kenneth and Charlie -- bump into kennie . young man watch it -- will you , Mac ? Charlie regards this statement a moment . then advance to the Young man . charlie wait a minute .... what be you , a wise guy ? he be all set to bust the Young man one in the nose , but Kenneth take he by the arm . kenneth come on , Charlie , let 's go home . Charlie allow himself to be lead to the door . charlie I be just about drunk enough right now to bust somebody right in the nose . Kenneth reach for the knob of the door , open it , and the two man go out . they find themselves in the crowded , noisy bar . a jag kind of intensity to the atmosphere as if some of the man at the bar might be gangster . booth fill with man and woman and some mix - up type . Kenneth and Charlie make they way through the body down to one of the booth where Eddie and Arnold be sit and walter be stand , heavily drunk . Eddie be expostulate to walter : eddie ( to walter ) ... come on , will you ? look walter , it 's just the shank of the evening ! what 's so special in you home ? you get a floor show every night ? who be you marry to , jayne mansfield ? come on , it 's not even half past ten ! walter sit heavily down . kenneth ( smile amiably ) we get to get up tomorrow , go to work , Eddie . eddie we be just start ! we get to get Arnold a girl yet ! arnold Eddie , please ... eddie that 's the whole point to a bachelor party ! you get to get the guy a girl ! arnold look , fellow , it 's be a nice clean party ... kenneth well , Arnold , since I be not go to see you again before the wedding , congratulation and best wish in the come future to both you and the bride . arnold thanks a lot , kennie .... Eddie turn to Charlie , who be still glower . eddie you be not go , be you , Charlie ? we be just start ! we get to get Arnold a girl yet ! arnold ( to Kenneth ) I want to thank you for the present , kennie .... charlie ... no , I will stick around another hour or so .... eddie ... that 's my boy .... arnold ( to Kenneth , who be look at Charlie ) ... honestly , I never expect any present .... kenneth ( to Charlie ) ... be not you come home ? ... charlie ... what for ? sit around talk to my sister Julie ? ... arnold ( stand ) ... I want to thank all you fellow ... eddie all right , stop thanking they , Arnold . they just give you a party , they do not elect you President . arnold ... this have be one of the nicest night of my life .... charlie let 's go someplace ... let 's go to a nightclub . eddie that 's great with I . charlie come on , Ken . arnold thanks a lot . kenneth ... well , listen , fellow , I be cut out .... good night , walter , eddie. ( to Charlie ) ... you come , Charlie ? ... charlie ... no , I will kill another hour .... come on , kennie .... kenneth no , you go ahead . I will see you in the morning , Charlie . charlie okay , I will see you . dissolve to : exterior . third STREET the little stretch of strip-joint on third Street . Bright little cluster of honky - tonk . exterior . third STREET we bachelor party , now down to four carouser , amble along the rather fill sidewalk , look at the cardboard cutout of the stripper in the window of the night club . the four man pause before one of the strip-joint , examine the cardboard cutout and billboard which promise first- rate entertainment inside . dissolve to : interior . third STREET night club we look down on the whole night club , show the dark , dingy , crowded , smallness of it . there be a strip go on . it do not look very interesting . we four man be huddle over a very small table in one of that third Street clip-joint . it be a dark little hovel , but a blue stage light drift across the table , vaguely illuminate we four celebrator . behind they , a strip tease be in progress . every now and then , a almost stout woman in she forty , garish in the blue spotlight , dress in a white satin ill-fitting gown , move in and out of we view . half the table and wall booth be occupy . there be a horseshoe bar off in the recess of the club . a three - piece band be play spiritlessly . walter be go , deep in some painful , drunken world of he own . Charlie rub he eye as if to keep he sense awake . Arnold , who be soggy , be lean toward Eddie , who alone of the four man be give any attention to the show . arnold so what do you think of my girl , Eddie ? you meet she . be honest with I . tell I the truth . I have the feel you do not like she . eddie come on , come on , Arnold . what do you want from I . Arnold turn to Charlie . arnold listen , Charlie , I would like to ask you a little advice . I mean , you be a marry man . this girl , I be suppose to marry , she 's all right , but I be not really attract to she , you know what I mean ? that 's important , be not it ? I kiss she a couple of time , but I ... I do not know why I be get marry , Charlie . charlie what do you say , Arnold ? arnold I say , I do not know why I be get marry . I do pretty good for thirty - two year without get marry . I get along fine at home . my mother 's a good cook . I have a nice life . what do I want to break it all up for ? charlie well , Arnold , everybody feel that way before they get marry . arnold yeah ? do I ever show you a picture of my girl ? charlie no , you do not , Arnold . arnold do you want to see a picture ? charlie sure . Arnold clumsily haul out he wallet and extract a picture . he give it to Charlie who twist at a angle in order to get some light on it . arnold I want you to give I you honest impression , Charlie . she be not much , be she ? charlie I can not see much in this light , but she look like a nice pretty girl . arnold well , I would not say that . we be match up , you know . the family kind of agree on it . I be bring over to she by my mother and father . that 's how I meet she . she 's some kind of tenth cousin . she 's all right . she 's quiet . I kiss she a couple of time . she just sit there and I kiss she . I think she expect more . she even ask I that . she say to I : " be you afraid of I ? " I really do not go out with woman much . you know . do not tell nobody this , Charlie , but you be not go to believe this , but I never ... I mean , you would not believe that a guy of my age , I never ... do not tell anybody I ever tell you this , but I never -- I mean , Charlie , she 's a widow . she 's be marry already -- she 's go to expect a lot -- and I never ---- what do you think I ought to do ? charlie what do you mean , Arnold ? arnold I mean , you think I ought to marry she ? charlie well , Arnold , even if I know the girl , I would not answer that question . I may not like she , but she may be fine for you . arnold because I be think of call the whole thing off . charlie it 's kind of late for that , be not it ? arnold I be scared stiff , Charlie . charlie what be you scared about ? arnold I be not much of a talker , and she 's one of that quiet one . what be you suppose to do with you wife ? I mean , most of the time . charlie ( have to think ) most of the time , Arnold , you do not even see she . you be away work . you come home , she fix you supper . then one of you wash the dish . then if you be not tired , you can go to the movie or visit somebody . or you watch teevee . arnold I do that now with my mother . this give Charlie pause . charlie ( scowling ) I do not know what there be to marriage . I suppose it 's to have kid . arnold so what do you think I ought to do ? you think I ought to go through with this marriage ? charlie ( angry ) Arnold , I can not answer that ! he stand abruptly . dissolve to : exterior . STREET -- night we four amble along Washington Square North , head west . in the background , the high apartment house . it be about midnight now , and there be a number of people around , and there be lot of light in the window . there be still the feel of life . however , some of the wind have go out of we bachelor party since we last see they carouse on lexington Avenue . now , of course , there be only four of they , and there be somewhat a feel of straggling about they . exterior . STREET -- night the four man straggle along tenth Street east of seventh Avenue . this be a dark little street . off at the intersection , you can see seventh Avenue and a occasional car move downtown , but West tenth Street right now seem a empty , sleep street of dark and old little apartment house . the house sometimes have little stoops . on one of the stoops , there be a woman sit . she be in she thirty , not attractive nor unattractive . she wear a light summer frock , and she have one shoe off , and she be toy with the idea of push the other one off too . as the four man approach she , she look up , half quizzically , half questioningly . the four man note she in pass and seem to continue on , but then come to a drag halt about ten pace down . close group shot of the four men . eddie I think we have get one for you , Arnold . arnold one what ? Eddie look back to the woman on the stoop . they all turn to look . actually , Charlie have amble a few pace even further down and do not know quite why they have stop . they look at the woman ; the woman look at they a little warily . Rest of the scene from she point of view . arnold ah , come on , Eddie . eddie she be not bad . charlie ( call from a few pace down ) what 's the matter ? eddie we have get a live one . arnold ( start to walk ) come on , let 's go . eddie Arnold , for Pete 's sake . charlie ah , leave he alone ! he do not want to . eddie come on . we have be walk around all night here -- be you a man , or be not you ? Arnold frown . arnold all right , all right . with a scowl , he assume the responsibility of be a man . the four man , Charlie bring up the rear , move down toward the woman , who now look down at she foot and begin wiggling she bare foot back into the unused shoe . the woman ( not look up ) I do not know who you fellow think I be , but you fellow have the wrong idea about I . eddie yeah , I know . Arnold , see that bar down the corner . that 's where we will be . the woman I be afraid you fellow have the wrong idea about I . arnold she say we have the wrong idea . charlie ah , leave he alone . the woman you fellow be work under a misconception . Eddie and walter have already start down the street to the bar . eddie we will be in the bar , Arnold . charlie you all right , Arnold ? arnold yeah , I be all right , it 's just ... the woman look , I be just sit here , fellow . do I say anything ? I be just sit here . arnold you want to come with I , Charlie ? charlie no , Arnold . Charlie scowl at the suggestion , but there be something plead in Arnold 's face . charlie you want I to ? all right . I will go up with you . eddie ( from halfway down the street ) where you go , Charlie ? charlie I will go up with he . Moral support . eddie what the ---- we will all go with you . Charlie wave he away . eddie ( walk back to fellow ) we will be down at the bar . Charlie nod . Arnold look briefly at the woman and then away again . she turn and go up the step into the building , she leather heel click on the stone step . Arnold , head down , and Charlie , a little sheepishly , follow she . interior . the house a dark , ill - light hallway . a flight of stair go up , wooden railing , wear carpete . the woman start up the stair , the two man follow she . the woman ( as she go ) ssshhh .... Arnold , wetting he lip , nod . the woman reach the first landing . interior . landing the woman have come around to one of the three door on the landing and be insert a key into a lock . Arnold and Charlie appear now at the head of the stairway . the woman go into she room , leave the door open . a moment later , a shaft of light stream out into the landing . for a moment , nothing happen . then Arnold and Charlie amble slowly down the landing to the open doorway and shaft of light . charlie hey , Arnold , you do not have to go through with this . arnold I think I should . charlie I will wait out here for you , okay ? Arnold nod and go into the room . he close the door . Charlie take out a cigarette and light it and inhale deeply . he feel a little sordid . there be the sound of step , muffle by the carpete , come down the stair . a man appear come down from the floor above . he give Charlie a quick look and continue on down the landing to the stair and down again . Charlie scowl at the floor . he smoke he cigarette . interior . the woman' room it be a furnish room for which the woman pay eleven dollar a week . it be not particularly unkempt or tarty . there be a print slipcover on the soft chair and flower on a end table . there be a studio couch with a neat spread and throw pillow on it . the woman stand expressionlessly in front of the old chest of drawer . she have kick off one shoe and she be now kick off the other . she start to say something : the woman listen , I do not want you to think I do not have a job . I get a job . I work . she stop abruptly as Arnold , who be sit , eye avert , on a straight - back wooden chair , suddenly stand up and move toward the door . the woman what 's the matter ? Arnold 's lip open to form word , but nothing come out , and he clamp he mouth tight and just stand , miserable and wretch . his hand make a nervous , spasmodic , involuntary gesture , and he quickly clenches he fist . bead of sweat be on he forehead . the woman be you afraid of I ? Arnold 's head have start to shake nervously , and he open the door and step out into the landing . the woman , beginning to get angry , follow he . interior . landing Charlie look up at the open of the door and Arnold 's entrance . the woman stand in the doorway . Arnold move quickly past Charlie about halfway down the landing , white - face and tremble . the woman ( get a little shrill ) what 's the matter ? hey . hey , you . hey , you , what 's the matter ? charlie let 's go . ( to the woman ) what 's the trouble ? the woman I do not know . ask he . what 's the matter ? hey , you . you , what 's the matter ? charlie go back inside .... all right , all right . the woman how about that , huh ? she turn angrily , go back into she room ( ad libbing as she cross ) and slam the door . Charlie move down the landing to Arnold , who look at he wide - eye , almost in terror . charlie what happen , Arnold ? arnold I do not know . I be just scared . charlie yeah , I do not blame you , I would be scared too like this . I do not know why we drag you up here in the first place . it 's a barbaric custom . come on . he have take Arnold 's arm and would lead he down the stair , but Arnold pause again at the first step . arnold do not tell Eddie . charlie no I will not , Arnold . arnold why do not we just sit here for ten minute or so ? Charlie frown , then shrug . charlie all right , Arnold . they both sit slowly on the step . Arnold be still tremble from the whole terrifying experience . arnold do not ever tell anybody . charlie it 's nothing to be ashamed of . arnold please , Charlie . charlie I will not tell anybody . a man 's voice suddenly call down from a upper floor . man' voice anything wrong down there ? charlie ( call back ) no. no. nothing wrong . Charlie sit . camera move up closer to both man . the whole experience have depressed Charlie , and it show on he face . camera pull slowly back so that we get the small , sordid feel of the two man , somewhat tight , sit on a dirty ill - light staircase outside a whore 's bedroom . interior . corner bar Neighborhood bar with about ten people in it . Eddie and walter be two of they . Eddie be play on one of that bowl machine . he seem surly , ill -tempere , restless . eddie hey walter -- you know what we ought to do , do not you ? we ought to go to that party . remember that girl Charlie pick up on tenth Street ? walter , who be so drunk he be sober , look up at Eddie with blurred eye . walter I be go to die , do you know that ? eddie not tonight , walter . tonight you be go to live . ah , this thing be fix . ( cross to bar ) I be down to my last buck . get any money on you ? he turn as the door to the bar open and Charlie and Arnold come in . eddie ( to Charlie ) hey ! ( to Arnold ) how would it go , lover ? ( Arnold smile a mysterious smile , pregnant with sensual meaning ) hey , Charlie , let 's go to this party . it 's only twelve o'clock . oh , this party be mad , man . all the woman wear pajamas , and all the man wear beard . everybody sit on the floor . Arnold , you get any money ? I spend my last buck on that drink . how about you , Charlie ? arnold ( assess he asset ) I get a little over a buck . eddie what be we , all out ? so let 's go to this party then . ( punch Charlie 's arm ) hey , Charlie , come on . charlie ( himself sullen and angry ) cut it out . eddie you can have that girl you pick up on tenth Street . come on .... all right , you marry man want to be so marry that 's all right with I . but I would like to see some woman tonight . ( punch Charlie 's arm with more hostility than he know ) come on . charlie Lay off . eddie I would like to see some woman tonight , you know . do you mind ? charlie cut it out , Eddie . you keep punch I , I swear I be go to belt you one . eddie what 's the matter with you ? Charlie be off he seat and ready to belt Eddie one right on the spot . there be abruptly the imminent reality of a fist fight . the two man be just sullen enough . Arnold hurriedly intercede . arnold all right , all right , fellow . eddie look , do not get so tough with I , Charlie . arnold all right , all right , come on . charlie ( angry ) I do not want to see any other woman ! eddie ( just as angry ) all right ! go on home ! who 's hold you ?! you want to call it a night ? because I be tired of grouse from one bar to another . you guy go home , and I will go about my merry way . all right ? and do not get so tough with I . charlie well , do not poke I . arnold ( turn Charlie back to he seat ) come on , let 's go ... gee ... for a moment , the sudden , thick hostility fill the silence in the room . nobody say anything . walter be soddenly preoccupy with he own thought . Arnold be shake from he recent experience with the woman and from the flaring of temper . Charlie just sit bleakly examine a book of match he be toy with , try to bring he temper down . after a moment , he mutter : charlie ( mutter ) you mess around with other woman , it kill you wife and it kill you marriage . Eddie suddenly , sulkily stride for the door of the bar . eddie all right , you guy go home , and I will go on my merry way . ( get to the door , pause , then turn , he sudden hot temper go as quickly as it have come ) hey , you guy , you guy want to go to a nutty night club , look at the nut ? there 's a nutty night club over on second Avenue . you know what we can do ? Charlie , you live in stuyvesant town , do not you ? charlie yeah . eddie you know what we can do ? we will take the crosstown . we will go over to Charlie 's house , he will get some money , and we will go to this nutty night club . it 's right down on second Avenue . you get any money home , Charlie ? charlie what do you say , Arnold ? you want to go ? Arnold shrug . Eddie have start for the door already . Charlie wearily get off he stool , start to follow Eddie out . walter take he arm . eddie Charlie , get walter . charlie come on , walter .... closeup of walter walter I be go to die , you know what I mean ? the sad little party file wearily out of the bar , Arnold pause at the bar to pay for the drink . dissolve to : interior . fourteenth STREET crosstown subway long shot look down through the length of one almost empty car , through the open door at the end of the car , down into the next almost empty car . just a few people riding the subway at this hour , half past eleven on a week - day . but down in the second car , we can see we four cavalier . Eddie , Arnold , and Charlie be sit . we attention be most catch by walter , who be heavily drunk and weave and lurch up and down the central aisle of the car . we can not hear if he be say anything . close shot walter weaving up and down the aisle of the car . he stumble on the toe of a man in a windbreaker , sit in the car . walter ( mumble ) Excuse I ... excuse I ... ( turn he blurred attention to Charlie , who , alone of the three , seem painfully interested in what walter be talk about ) so what will I do ? I mean , he say , I be go to die . I mean , the man 's a specialist . he say : " go to Arizona , go to Colorado , " he say . " you get to get out of New York or you be go to die . " he tell my wife , the stupid idiot . my wife cry all night . I be go to die , you know that ? you understand that ? I be go to die ? you know what a asthma attack be like ? you heart start beat like a drum ! I pass out the last time ! charlie ( deeply compassionate ) walter , why do not you just quit the job and pack you bag and get out of here ? walter stand in front of Charlie , he lip move , but no word come out for a moment . there be tear in he eye , and all the pain and anguish of the man 's forty - eight year be clear on he face . walter ( get the word out ) I can not quit . do not you understand ? you do not understand . I can not quit ! I get a fourteen - year- old girl , I do not know what time she come in at night any more . she 's so wild , this kid . I get a nineteen - year- old boy in college ; he 's go to be a doctor if I have to die . he 's not go to quit school . you hear I ! I work hard to put that kid in school ! I do not care if I die ! I do not care ! what be I go to do in Arizona ? who want I ? who 's go to give I a job ? what kind of a job be I go to get ? I be forty - eight year old . they do not want no forty - eight - year - old bookkeeper . they get machine from IBM . you ever be up on the ninth floor ? you ever see all that IBM machine ? what be I go to do out in Arizona ? you look in the help want lately ? you see any job list for bookkeeper , male ? what be you talk about ? do you know what you be talk about ? Charlie reach up to steady walter , who have work himself up into a lurching fury . charlie easy , walter . walter ( fling Charlie 's hand aside ) take you hand off I . you do not know nothing ! you be just a kid ! you do not know ! I have see death , kid . I have see it , boy . I know what it look like . ( he stagger away a few pace down the aisle , stumble over the man 's toe again ) Excuse I .... forty -eight year old and so what ? what do it mean ? what happen ? what have I get ? what do I make ? who need I ? so this be it . a man 's life , nothing . worry about be sick , worry about make money , worry about you wife , worry about you kid , and you be on you way to the grave from the day you be bear . the day drag on , and the year fly by , and so what ? ( cry out to the whole world ) what be it all about ? will you tell I ? the train be slow up for a station now . walter life be nothing ! it 's a gag ! it 's a joke ! it 's a mortgage ! it 's a bankrupt ! it 's a lot of noise over nothing ! sound and fury ! be not that what the man say ? what do you think , I never read a book ? I read a book ! do not worry ! I be a bright kid ! everybody think I be go to be the first Catholic to be President ! where do it all go ?! he turn to look at the station they be edging into , the yellow light , the dark shadow , the few blurred face . his face be wet with the tiny rivulet leave by tear . walter ( mumble ) where do it all go ? the train stop , the green door slide open . eddie ( look out , in a low voice ) where be we , third Avenue ? arnold ( low voice ) where be we get off ? next stop ? charlie ( low voice ) yeah . a few people come into the car . walter stand , shoulder hunch and sagging , in front of the open door . walter ( mutter ) I be go home . charlie ( look up ) what do you say , walter ? walter I be go home . walter step out onto the platform . just in time , because the door be beginning to slide close again . charlie ( stand ) walter , where be you go ? come here ... on the platform , walter have start to weave slowly up the platform toward the stairway . eddie ( stand ) what , do walter get out ? charlie ( call through the open window ) walter , stay there , we will come back on the next train . stay there . but walter have already reach the stairway and , cling to the handrail , have start slowly climb the step . the train start slowly up . Arnold have stand now too . he be pretty soggy himself . arnold poor walter , huh ? charlie ( bellow through the window ) walter ! ... eddie ( stand ) he will be all right , Charlie . God protect drunk and fool . the train be sweeping by the stairway now . Charlie bellow out : charlie walter ! grab a cab if you be go home ! the train have sweep by , and in a moment they have be plunge into the tunnel of the subway , the bleak dirty white wall , and the small yellow light flash by . Charlie sit down , somehow greatly shake and disturb . eddie ( sit ) poor walter , I do not know he be so sick . I think there be something wrong with he , though . he 's be out so much . arnold ( sit drunkenly down ) I do not know he be so sick . close in on Charlie . charlie that 's I in fifteen year . closeup of Charlie . hold for a moment . dissolve to : exterior . fourteenth STREET and first avenue we look down at the subway kiosk as we sad little party of three come up the stair to the sidewalk . it be midnight , and the street be occasionally patrol by a taxicab . the sidewalk be pretty empty , just a few people walk . perhaps a drugstore be still open , and its lonely light store front catch the eye . we three man stand at the head of the stair at the subway kiosk , drain , tired , a little despondent . Charlie look up at the dim silhouettes of the endless apartment house of stuyvesant town . charlie that 's where I live . eddie which one ? charlie in the back there . you can not see it from here . long shot of stuyvesant town as see from they point of view . pan slowly across , capture the silent monotony of the dark building . only a few of the window be still light . eddie it look like a state hospital . charlie it look like a prison . eddie yeah , it do look a little like a prison . the three man just stand , wear out , tired . charlie ( suddenly ) I be go home . he start to walk to the building , across the little street that separate the corner of fourteenth Street and first Avenue from the parallel corner of the housing project . eddie ( call after he ) hey , Charlie ... Charlie turn . eddie hey , Charlie ! what about the money ? have you get ten buck ? charlie ( after a moment ) all right , if you want to walk I to the house , I will get you ten buck . Eddie have to take a moment to consider this . then he shuffles across the little street toward Charlie . Charlie do not quite wait for he to catch up when he turn and lead the way between two car and up the sidewalk toward the promenade that lead to the heart of the project . Arnold , after a moment , follow Eddie . the three man disappear single - file into the darkness of stuyvesant town . dissolve to : interior . landing outside charlie' apartment we be look at the twin elevator door . the light of a elevator climb into the little square window of one of the elevator door . the door open , and Charlie , Eddie , and Arnold shuffle out into the landing . they be all a little soggy . charlie ( mutter ) I will be right out . he move around the turn of the wall , fish in he pocket for the key to he apartment . he find it , bring it out , open the door carefully , go into he apartment . interior . charlie and helen' apartment Charlie come in . the dining area be light , and there be the lamp light in the live room . as Charlie move to the live room , we can see that helen be seat on the couch , watch television . the gray - white light of the television set drift out into the room . helen be in she pajamas and she have wash for bed ; she face be devoid of make -up . she be half - watch television ; the rest of she attention be devote to cut she fingernails and other aspect of manicure . she look up as Charlie come into the live room , smile . helen hiya , have a nice time ? Charlie shrug . he be depressed and can not conceal it . charlie I be take ten buck . a couple of the guy be wait outside . I promise they I would loan they ten buck . helen sure . he stand by the couch now , without interest , automatically watch the television set . charlie ( look at the set ) tomorrow 's payday . I will get it back tomorrow . helen it 's in the drawer . a kind of ennui have engulf he . he stand , watch the television set out of which be now pour the end of a animated cartoon commercial . then the familiar tinkling music set in , the inscription , " the late show " appear on the screen , and the announcer 's voice inform we that we be now go back to the late show , star rex Harrison in " strictly dishonorable . " the whole thing bring a wince of pain to Charlie 's face , and he turn and move wearily through the little foyer into the darken bedroom . enough light flow in from the other room to show Charlie go to the drawer in the chest of drawer and take out a ten-dollar bill . he return the other bill , close the drawer and just stand there , suddenly so weak and exhaust that he have to steady himself with one hand on the chest of drawer . back in the live room , helen still sit , a slight frown now indicate she be sensitive to the deeply depressed mood she husband be in . she continue with she nail for a moment . then , wonder what be keep she husband , she stand and go to the bedroom doorway and look in . interior . the bedroom Charlie be seat on the bed , hunch , in deep depression . he be hold the ten-dollar bill . his eye be open , but there be a feel of hurt and pain on he face . helen move quietly into the bedroom and sit down on the bed beside he . helen what 's the matter , Charlie ? he shrug , even smile briefly . charlie I do not know . she put out she hand as if to take he head and press it against she , but he take she in he arm almost desperately , and they lie back on the bed , clutching each other , they face press against each other , seek some kind of strength just from the sheer physical closeness of each other . helen it 's not so bad , Charlie . charlie I know . I know . they lie quietly , even stiffly , hold each other . charlie ( eye wide open but unsee ) I do not know what 's the matter with I , I keep get so depressed . I be go to quit night school , helen . my nerve be shot . he release himself from he wife 's embrace and sit up . charlie that guy be wait outside . I better give they they money . he stand and start out the bedroom . helen Charlie ... maybe I should not have the baby ? charlie what do you mean ? ... she do not answer . she do not have to . they both know what she mean . charlie be not that dangerous ? ... well , I do not know ... maybe ... well , you bring it up . helen ( shocked -- after a moment ) you really do not want this baby .... she turn away on the bed to hide the sudden flush of tear . helen you be my husband , Charlie . this be you baby too . that do not mean anything to you . for the first time in we marriage I feel I can not depend on you , Charlie -- I be not important to you . ( she have to stop because she can no longer trust she voice . after a moment she continue ) I could make my life sound hard , too , Charlie . I work all day , I rush home , I make you dinner . I sit home alone four night a week , I be even alone when you be here because when do I see you ? but it be easy for I because I love you . do you think I care whether you be a accountant or a ditch digger , or even out of work ? all I ever want be you . and this baby because it 's you , too . she close she eye again to hide the warm flow of tear in she eye and stop talk rather than cry . Charlie sit , unmove and wretch , he shoulder hunch , he head slump forward . after a moment , he turn and reach forward , quite frighten , to touch she arm . helen ( dully ) leave I alone , Charlie . he stand and go to the bedroom window and look out . helen turn on she side so that she back be to he . at the sound of she move , Charlie turn he head , but sense the rejection in she back , he turn back and look out the window again . the silence be thick between they . charlie ( look out the window ) I decide I would quit school and ... helen I do not care ... charlie I decide I would quit school and come home in the evening like everybody else and live a normal life . helen ( stare at the wall ahead of she ) I do not care what you do , Charlie . he stand another moment . charlie I do not care what I do either . helen neither move nor make a response . Charlie go on into the live room and shuffles to the front door , he long body heavy with pain and guilt and dense , unknown terror . he open the door and go out onto the landing . interior . landing Eddie and Arnold , look up as the door open and Charlie come out . eddie what take you so long ? what do you do , blow open the safe ? charlie ( give Eddie the ten -dollar bill ) here . eddie ( take it ) I will give it to you tomorrow . I will see you in the morning , Charlie . charlie I will see you . Eddie take Arnold 's arm and guide he back around the turn of the wall to the elevator . Charlie follow a few pace behind . Eddie push both elevator button . Charlie nod , look down at the tiling at he foot , fairly sick within himself , oppress and guilty . the light in the elevator window show , and Eddie open the door . charlie wait a minute . I will go with you . eddie let 's go to that party -- we will have a ball ! Charlie shuffles the few pace forward and follow Eddie and Arnold into the elevator . the door close , and , a moment later , the light of the elevator cage disappear downward . dissolve to : interior . greenwich village duplex apartment this be one of that duplex apartment on West tenth Street which consist of one huge live room that be two storey high and you need a little roll stepladder to reach the book on the upper shelf of the build - in bookcase . there be a little wringht - iron stairway that lead to the second floor , which consist of two tiny little bedroom . Apartments like this , as be the case in this one , be usually live in by two girl , one of whom be a secretary in a advertising agency and the other a model for a garment manufacturing firm . both girl be in they early thirty and be milling about somewhere in the mass of people in the live room , carry drink , laugh up a storm , pause at the little knot of discussion group with a apt phrase . they rather think of themselves as Madame de staul with they own salon of bright young people , for most of the man and woman at the party be in some way connect with the art , probably in a avant garde way . it be a little difficult to tell this by look at they because avant garde artist have become obsessed with dress like businessman , but if you can hear the talk as we can , you get the point fast enough . we pick up phrase like : " I really find it difficult to think of Tennessee Williams as a serious artist , " or " my teacher think all tenor be frog except gigli , " or " I do not see how you can say that ; he design fairly throb with sex . " there be , as Eddie predict , a number of people sit on the floor , mostly girl , circle in the swirl of they Ann fogarty dress , and there be one obvious ballerina , with she black hair pull tightly back into a severe pony tail , use the wrought- iron railing that separate the drop live room from the small entrance foyer to demonstrate something about position at the dance bar . there be someone at the piano bang away , shouting he song , but he be completely inaudible five foot away . a few people lean over the piano , apparently exhilated by the song . thin blanket of smoke wreathe they way up to the two-story -high ceiling . we catch some more phrase : " I think Truman Capote be suppose to be here . " -- " Truman 's in Russia , I think . " -- " good heaven , what can the Russians want with Truman Capote ? " -- " oh , I never read anything publish in this country . " " oh , I mean , the paper-bound Paris edition . " in short , this be a real chi-chi wingde where all the furniture be too low , and the hostess be very proud of the fact that she end table be make out of a orange crate . somewhere , through the jumble of the party , we can hear the doorbell chime . a young woman , at one of the little knot of people , perk she ear and say : hostess I be sure that 's the police again . she 's very proud of this . she turn and weave she way through the crowded room , carry she drink . she go up the step to the entrance foyer , turn to she leave , pick she way over two middle - age man who be both throw a pitch at a fairly tight girl of eighteen , past the kitchen , which be a bedlam of ice cube and kitchen towel and which be occupy at the moment by two intense woman in they late thirty wrap in deep discussion , up past two young man who have no immediate use for girl , to the front door of the apartment . she open the door . group shot of Eddie , Arnold , and Charlie from the hostess 's point of view . not exactly a hearten sight to most hostess , three fairly load young man with they collar unbuttone and they tie limp and dangle . hostess ( beam ) be you come to complain about the noise ? eddie do we look like complainer ? hostess I do not know who you be , but come in , come in . I do not know half the people who be here tonight . they enter a little warily and ill- at -ease , peer into the jamme room . hostess the police have be here twice . the first fellow be just adorable . we give he a drink , and he 's upstairs in a bedroom now , for all I know . eddie be that right ? hostess if you want something to drink , you will just have to go into the kitchen and get it yourself . the place be just mad . do you write , paint or sing ? Eddie spread he arm in all - inclusive expansiveness . eddie everything . but the hostess have already bent to chat with two woman , one old , one young , sit on the floor . we three cavalier look at each other and then look out over the wild , jumble room . charlie Boy , do you get invite to a party like this or do you get commit ? a pass young man who overhear this , poke he head into the group and say to Charlie with a flash smile : young chap I hear that . it 's awfully funny . Charlie regards the smile young chap . eddie beat it . the chap 's smile flash off and he scurries away . Eddie rub he palm and survey the woman in the crowded room with a measure eye . eddie this be go to be like shoot duck . pick out you duck , man . wetting he lip , he start out for some girl he have decide on across the room . interior . greenwich village apartment -- half hour later high shot show progress of party , still crowded , still high . if we look sharp we can see Charlie seat on the floor in the rear of the shot , he back against the wall . closer shot of Charlie sit morosely , back against the wall , regard he drink with sodden eye . the chatter of the party , a occasional shrill laugh . full shot of Eddie come out of the kitchen , carry two drink . he pick he way through the people to the live room with the general intention of get to the arrangement of divan around the coffee table , when he spot Charlie and move across to he . eddie hey , what 's the matter , Charlie ? ( squat down beside Charlie ) charlie ( without look up ) let 's get out of here , Eddie . eddie the last time I see you , you be with that girl you pick up . what happen ? charlie she 's over there talk to that old guy with the glass . they point of view , the existentialist on step with landlord . charlie I do not like she . she 's one of this real greenwich Village phony . if I add up all the guy she tell I about , she must have have she first boy friend when she be two year old . where be you go , Eddie . stick around a minute . eddie ( who have stand ) I be with that one over there -- not bad , huh ? I think she 's a Communist . I think she 's try to talk I into join the Party . charlie how be you make out ? eddie not so hot . I may have to join . charlie hang around . let 's talk a bit . eddie I better get back . she 's liable to recruit somebody else . charlie where 's Arnold ? eddie he 's in the kitchen . I think he 's out cold . I will see you . Charlie nod as Eddie move off . he return he morose attention back to he glass of liquor . then he eye close , and he face , though impassive , show pain . after a moment , he open he eye and slowly clamber to he foot and make he way , a little unsteadily , through the live room in the direction of the kitchen . in the background we can hear the piano and somebody sing indistinguishable lyric . Charlie get to the kitchen door and look in . Arnold be at the tiny kitchen table , head on the table , out cold . the kitchen be in a state of havoc . charlie hey Arnold -- you okay , Arnold ? Arnold make no answer . Charlie regards he prostrate friend expressionlessly for a moment . then turn and shuffles aimlessly back to the group around the piano in the live room . he look over to the stairway again . the existentialist be alone now , the landlord have go for the moment . she be look at Charlie , and he drop he eye . he turn away from the piano and move out a few step into the middle of the live room . he move to the stairway . the existentialist look up at he as he approach , Charlie kind of nod to she , and , for a moment , she just sit and he just stand . then ... the existentialist that old man I be talk to before ? that 's my landlord . about ten thirty last night , someone begin pound on my door . so I get up and open the door , and there be this white - haire man with a pince - nez stand there . I say : " what do you want ? " so he say : " I be the landlord , and I want the rent . " well , I just look at he because the landlord I know be a hungarian man name Frank , who be crazy about I , and the issue of rent never come up , you see . well , it turn out that this man with the pince - nez have just buy the building the day before and he keep grab my arm and say he want the rent . well , then I get the point , of course . well , meanwhile , a boy name Bob I know have come over . he 's engage to a javanese girl with wonderful plane in she face who life at the International House . but he 's crazy about I and he drop in about twice a week . well , meanwhile , my new landlord be grab my arm and keep quote poetry to I which he be try to pass off as he own . he be a absolute fraud . he scotch the whole thing from Baudelaire . " tu mettrais . " you know that one . well , he keep scream about the rent -- I do not like he , you know -- and I call this boy name George who use to live in poughkeepsie when I be go to Vassar , and he 's crazy about I . he life in St. luke 's place now , but he go to poughkeepsie every Wednesday to see he mother , he 's get a oedipus , so that be out . well , my new landlord keep tell I how much he be in love with I . I say : " how existentialist can you get ? you just meet I five minute ago . " he be absolutely crazy about I . Charlie have be sort of half - listen to all this . his attention , if any at all , have be vaguely give to the girl 's bare arm , the line of she body . charlie ( resign ) you have a apartment around here somewhere ? ( look up to second floor ) what 's up there ? what kind of room be up there ? the existentialist so , I finally get to sleep around six thirty .... Charlie bend down to she , take she arm . charlie come on , let 's go . the existentialist ( wrenching she arm away ) no ! oh , stop try to be so primitive . Charlie straighten with a irritate sigh . the existentialist I find you very unpleasant . he stand , she sit in sullen silence . the existentialist there 's nothing upstairs . ( suddenly rise , mumble ) oh , I do not care . she start up the stair , Charlie follow close behind she . they pick they way past the other people sit on the stair to the second - floor landing . they walk in hostile silence down the landing to the bedroom door , which she open . interior . the bedroom it be a tiny bedroom . the bed be cover with purse and summer stole and other guest thing . a uncover , improvise closet , really a rack of hang dress and thing , give the room a overburdene look . Charlie come into the room after she , close the door , look for the latch . she push some of the thing on the bed aside and sit down and wait while Charlie latch the door , a matter of turn a bent nail into lock position . she begin to prattle again . the existentialist so I finally get to sleep around six thirty this morning . at nine thirty , someone begin pound on my door again . I get out of bed and open the door , and there be my landlord with the pince - nez wear a blue silk kimono . " oh , for heaven 's sake , " I say , " what do you want now ? " he say : " I be the landlord , and I want the rent . " I say : " you be a old man , go to sleep . " then the phone ring . it be a boy name Andrew I know who teach physics at Columbia University , and he 's insanely jealous . he 's marry and have four child , but he keep badger I to run away with he to Nicaragua , throw up he professorship and all that . well , my landlord begin shouting some garble Baudelaire at the top of he lung , and a little verlaine , and a little huysman . he apparently have some kind of fetish about french decadent . and naturally , Andrew hear he , and he get furious , and he say : " who 's that I hear ? " I say , " that 's the landlord . " he say : " what do he want ? " I say : " he want the rent . " well , at this point , I feel like chuck the whole business and go back to bessemer City and go to work in my father 's hardware store . Charlie have stand a moment , listen to this bizarre story . then he have busy himself clean a place beside the existentialist on the bed . he bring a end to the rococo narration by put he arm around the existentialist and in a moment , she respond hungrily . closeup of Charlie and the existentialist in a desperate embrace . the existentialist ( mutter ) just say you love I . charlie what ? the existentialist just say you love I . you do not have to mean it . he try to kiss she again , himself charge high at the moment , but she turn she face away from he . the dialogue be intense , whisper , hungry . the existentialist no , do not . ... charlie what 's the matter ? the existentialist say you love I .... charlie come on . the existentialist say you love I .... charlie come on .... the existentialist no ... charlie I love you ! I love you ! the existentialist ( content ) look , maybe we ought to go someplace else ? I be have a very tricky thing go with my landlord and I do not want he to see we leave together . so you know what you do ? there 's a bar down the street . you go out the door and turn to you right . you know the one I mean ? charlie yes , I know . the existentialist well , you go there and I will be there as fast as I can . now , wait for I now , because I can not stand be alone at night . you will like I . I be suppose to be very amusing . all right ? she turn abruptly and go out the door . he stand for a moment and then follow . he stand on the upper landing , watch she pick she way down the stair into the live room . she look quickly around the room , apparently find whom she be look for , and move quickly to a little group of man , one of whom be about sixty year old with a thin elegance and a cruel face , the landlord . he have several young man around he , all rather frail , ivy -leagueish . she join the group , to the distaste of the young man , and be immediately voluble and gesticulatory . after a moment , Charlie let he eye wander over the room , apparently see Eddie . charlie ( call down ) hey , Eddie ... apparently , Eddie do not hear he . Charlie frown and begin make he own way down the stair to the live room . interior . live room -- greenwich village apartment Charlie move down the stair into the live room proper . he make he way to Eddie , who be still sit in the back of the room , throw a intense pitch at he girl , talk quickly , smile , gesture . charlie ( mutter ) Eddie , I be cut out . eddie ( stand , low voice ) wait a minute , I will go with you . charlie I do not want to take you away from you girl , Eddie . eddie aah , this one life out in Long Island with she mother . what kind of Communist be that ? it will take I a half hour on the subway there and a half hour back . charlie ( shrug ) where 's Arnold ? still in the kitchen ? eddie I guess so . ( to the girl ) I will see you , next time I get to Long Island . he start off after Charlie who be already wander through the live room in the general direction of the kitchen , look about for Arnold . they pass the existentialist en route . she be say : " ... this boy name Charlie , I never see he before in my life , have be clutching at I all evening . he 's absolutely insane about I . " Charlie lean into the kitchen where Arnold be awake now , seat at the small kitchen table , stare gauntly , unseeingly at he finger on the white porcelain- top table . there be two man , one middle - age , one young , have a whisper chat over the sink . eddie ( over Charlie 's shoulder ) hey , Arnold , come on . Arnold stand obediently , almost dumbly . he squeeze around the table , he face soddenly expressionless , to join Eddie and Charlie in the kitchen doorway . Eddie be say to Charlie : eddie well , it be not a bad party . we kill a couple of hour anyway . the three man push they way past three woman in they thirty , who be stand in the little hallway before the front door , in earnest brow - furrow conversation with each other . Charlie open the door , and the three morose carouser go out into the dark street . dissolve to : exterior . greenwich village apartment -- night the three carouser come out into the street . the door close behind they . the night air be hot and muggy . they walk down the street toward the corner where only the light of the corner bar give any indication of life . there be a newspaper on the sidewalk which Eddie bend down to pick up , and the three man straggle to a halt . Eddie open the paper to the sport page and start to read by the light of the street lamp . Arnold move a step to the lamp and lean against it . Charlie stand in the middle of the sidewalk , a melancholy , ponder young man . the evening seem to have come to a dead halt . after a moment , Eddie start walk again , read the paper as he do . the other slowly gather themselves and follow he . dissolve to : interior . the corner bar a wall clock read twenty - five minute to three . camera pan down the wall . we be in the bar on the corner of tenth and Sixth , almost entirely empty except for Charlie , Eddie , Arnold , and the bartender . the three carouser be lean wearily on the bar over they beer ; the only other person in the bar be a wear , batter old veteran of the street , a woman in she forty , bespectacle , who be perch on a bar stool at the far end of the bar , gloomily read a newspaper . camera move down and in on Charlie , Eddie , and Arnold . eddie ... I mean , you can not compare the two . this kid the yankee have in centerfield . be you try to tell I he 's a natural .368 hitter ? what 's he normally hit , .310 , .315 ? musial lead the National League in hit six time . he 's only have a fair year , this year -- and he 's still hit .320 . musial be a all - time great ! charlie yeah . I guess so . arnold ( stiff with liquor ) Eddie -- Eddie . so what do you think , Eddie ? you think I ought to go through with this marriage ? eddie I do not know about you , Arnold , but if it be I , boy , I would be in China by now . ( back to Charlie ) who have the yankee get on first ? skowron . Boy , how they tout skowron . all right , he 's have a lucky year . charlie yeah .... eddie ( continue ) ... well , I mean , be there any argument ? hodge be the best first baseman in both league .... arnold so , Eddie , what do you think ? you think I ought to marry she , go to China , or what ? eddie Arnold , if it bother you so much , call she up and tell she to forget the whole deal . ( back to Charlie ) all right hodge be have a bad year -- but how about last year ? he hit over .300 . he only hit thirty - five homer and he drive in over a hundred run ---- arnold so , Eddie ... eddie Arnold ! get rid of she ! you be drive I crazy ! Arnold lower he head , and he rise , lose he precarious balance and move backward a few lurching step . eddie ( continue ) all right , who 's on second ? we get Charlie Neal or gilliam , for that matter , and this be not even count Jackie Robinson , head and shoulder , even with a trick knee , the best second baseman in both league if they would let he play there . we get three guy , for Pete 's sake , who can outplay anybody the yankee put on second . Arnold weave slowly up the bar to the two phone booth at the far end of the counter . then walk out of shot . eddie ( continue ) ever see Charlie Neal go to he right ? that yankee guy , what 's he name -- he can not go to he right . and do not forget Neal get a lot of basis on ball , and once he 's on the basis , man , it unnerve the pitcher ... the bartender decide to take issue . bartender what 's Brooklyn go to do for pitching ? eddie never hear of newcombe ? never hear of erskine ? bartender what have you get to compare with Ford , kuck , McDermott , turley - -- eddie McDermott -- McDermott have not pitch a full game since last year . bartender the best relief pitcher in both league . eddie what 's the matter with Eddie roebuck ? bartender how do you compare Eddie roebuck with McDermott ? eddie what be you , a yankee fan ? bartender yeah . eddie well , drop dead . ( turn angrily back to Charlie ) a yankee fan . there be a sudden bellow off . arnold' voice hey ! Eddie and Charlie slowly turn to look in Arnold 's direction . camera pan to see Arnold from they point of view , a waver , drunken young man stand in front of the phone booth . arnold I do it . eddie you do what ? Arnold stagger a few pace into the center of the empty bar . arnold I just wake she up ! I call she ! I say : " I be not go to marry you . what do I want to marry you for ? I be have a ball . what be I go to marry you for ? " eddie what be he talk about ? then , suddenly , effortlessly , Arnold sink down onto the floor -- out cold . for a moment , Eddie and Charlie regard the prostrate form . bartender Boy , he 's go . Eddie and Charlie move to Arnold , lie curl stiffly on the floor . charlie I think he 's just call he girl , break he engagement . eddie be that what he be yell about ? charlie ( try to raise Arnold 's head ) wake up , kid . help I get he up , Eddie . eddie you think he do it because I be needle he there before ? I be just needle he . the two man contrive to lift Arnold and get he onto a stool . bartender you better get he out of here because I be close up now . charlie we better get he home . eddie ah , let 's not break it up yet . I think you be wait for this girl . charlie it 's three o'clock in the morning , for Pete 's sake . bartender take he out in the air . he will be all right . charlie what a bachelor party . we start out celebrate the guy 's wedding ; we wind up break he engagement . ( move to bar ) what do we owe you here ? ( he put some change on the counter ) Eddie , pay it , will you ? I give you the ten buck . eddie ( follow he to the bar ) what do you want to go home for ? charlie it 's go to take we a hour to get he home . he life in queen somewhere . by the time I get back to fourteenth Street , it will be daybreak . what be you go to do , stay up all night ? do not you want to go home sometimes ? eddie what be I go to do home ? I read all the papers . charlie ( cross to Arnold ) well , go to sleep then . eddie ah , do not go home , Charlie . I feel like do something . Charlie turn to he , a cold fury in he . charlie what ? stand around this bar and argue about the yankee and the dodger ? wind up with some miserable , lonely girl who beg you to say , " I love you " ? go home , Eddie . go to bed . you get to go home sometimes . I will take Arnold home . come on , Arnold , kid . I be go to take you home . Arnold manage , with Charlie 's arm , to get out of the booth and stand . Charlie 's firm arm hold he , and they start for the exit . Eddie watch the two figure make they way down the length of the bar to the door . they exit . the door shut behind they . for a moment , Eddie regards the close door . then he shuffles to the bar , back to he schooner of beer and look at it without take it up . he be profoundly weary . his shoulder slump , he face sag . he run he hand down he face and shake he head as if to clear it . he turn and look down to the other end of the bar where the bar hag sit engross in she newspaper . he watch she for a moment . eddie ( spiritlessly ) hey , honey , what be you , a yankee fan or a dodger fan ? the bar hag slowly turn to regard he over the rim of she glass . bar hag hiya . bleakly , Eddie shuffles slowly down the long length of the bar to where the batter old woman sit . dissolve to : exterior . the bar -- night high angle shot look down on the sidewalk immediately outside the bar Arnold and Charlie have just come out of . there be a house with a small stoop , and Arnold be stand slump by the stoop , hold himself up by the iron railing . he be be sick , quietly retching . Charlie be stand a few pace away from he in the middle of the sidewalk , a deeply unhappy figure in he own right . from we angle , we may or may not be able to tell that Charlie be cry . close shot of Charlie stand in the middle of the sidewalk of Sixth Avenue and tenth Street , the whole dark world around he , silent and empty . he be cry quietly , unashamedly , he shoulder shaking ever so little . behind he , Arnold be bent over the railing of the stoop , weak and spend . another shot of the two man . Charlie stop cry , sigh , and start toward Arnold . charlie ( gently ) be you all right , Arnold ? Arnold nod weakly . Charlie get out a handkerchief and give it to Arnold who begin to weakly clean he chin and spot on he suit . charlie would you like to go back in and sit down ? Arnold shake he head weakly " no . " charlie what subway do you take , Arnold , the bmt ? can you make it ? Arnold nod weakly . Charlie put he arm supportively around he friend 's back , but Arnold make no move yet , be thoroughly drain . charlie come on , Arnold , I will take you home . there be a click of high heel on concrete pavement , and Charlie look up . the existentialist have just come out of the party several house down and have come up a few step and be stand watch they . she have she bag and she light summer steal . she nod to Charlie , sort of smile , move a few step closer to they . the existentialist be he all right ? charlie ( nod ) yeah , he 's all right . look , I have get to take my friend home ... the two man start slowly down the street to the corner . Arnold lean heavily on he friend . the existentialist stand , watch they a moment . the existentialist ( call lightly ) be you come back ? where do he live ? how long will you be ? reverse shot Charlie and Arnold just about get to the corner . Charlie have not hear she . full shot of the existentialist watch they disappear around the corner . then she turn , and , wetting she lip , she hurry back to the house where the party be . interior . bmt subway -- hurtling northward half past three , and the car be absolutely empty except for Charlie and Arnold . Arnold be sprawle across the straw seat , one leg buckle beneath he , the other on the floor . he be sleep heavily . Charlie sit expressionlessly , obviously involved in deep introspection . the car bucket along into the night . dissolve to : interior . queen apartment house Arnold and Charlie come up to a landing . it be the third floor ; we can see enough of the corridor to see two apartment door , lettere " 3d " and " 3c . " a small overhead bulb provide a thin sketchy light . Charlie and Arnold shuffle down the landing to apartment 3d . they pause outside the door . the scene be play in low mutter and whisper . arnold well , thanks a lot , Charlie . charlie you all right ? arnold yeah , I be all right . I be a little groggy , but I be awake anyway . you do not want to come in , do you ? charlie no , I do not think so . arnold I think my father and mother be up . I hear voice . my girl must have call they because they would not be up at this hour . charlie well , you just go in and explain to they that you be drunk , and you be sorry , and you will call you girl the first thing in the morning because she must really be upset about this . arnold ( who have be listen at he door ) I think she 's here . charlie who ? arnold my girl . I think I hear she voice in there . charlie well , be nice to she , Arnold . remember , you wake she up in the middle of the night and probably scared she to death . arnold what will I say to she , Charlie ? charlie I do not know , Arnold . what do you feel like say to she ? do you really love this girl ? do you want to marry she ? be you marrying this girl because you family want you to marry she , or why ? arnold I think I like she , Charlie . it 's just that I be afraid I will not make a good husband . charlie well , tell she what you tell I , Arnold . tell she you be scared , and that you do not think you will make a good husband . if she 's a halfway decent girl , she will try to understand how you feel , and , if she love you , she 's go to make it she job to make you happy . that 's what love be , Arnold , when you have somebody else in the world you want to be happy . my wife , Arnold , I do not know what I would do without she . Arnold , I have get a tough grind ahead of I . work all day , I will go to night school at night . but my wife know that I need this to be happy , and she do everything she know to help I . and we have get a baby come . but if you love that baby and you love you wife , then it 's easy . everything seem so easy to I now -- I do not know why I even think of quit . ( tear have well in he eye , and he hurriedly put he hand to he face shading he redden eye ) Arnold , I want my wife so much right now . I want she to be happy . I want to just go home and hold she and tell she how much she mean to I . I mean , even walter , he 's go to die , but do not you think he will be in tomorrow morning , same old walter , joke and laugh ? he 's get somebody to live for . he 's even get somebody to die for . I mean , how rich can a man be ? and poor Eddie -- I use to be so jealous of he . I use to think he be so free . free from what ? from loving a woman , from really want a woman . Arnold , what I be try to tell you be life be nothing if you do not love somebody but life be wonderful if you do love somebody . Arnold , I want my wife so much right now ... Arnold be a little embarrassed by he friend 's display of emotion and , frankly , have not understand a word Charlie be talk about . arnold I be go to tell she about that woman tonight and everything . I will tell she about that woman . charlie Arnold , I want to get home so much to my wife right now I be go to bust . arnold I will see you , Charlie . charlie good-bye , Arnold , have a nice honeymoon . I will see you when you get back . arnold I will see you , Charlie . but he be talk to a empty staircase . Charlie have plunge down into the darkness of the floor below . Arnold turn and sigh and shuffles back to the door of he apartment . he ring the bell lightly , take a deep breath . a moment , and the door open . a girl of about thirty - five , bespectacle , rather plain , with a sensitive face , stand in the doorway . Arnold stand , he head down in shame . arnold hello , Louise . I be very sorry , honest . louise sure , Arnold , I know . she look anxiously over Arnold 's shoulder to see if anyone else be there . Arnold lumber past she into the apartment . voice , both male and female , pop out at he . " what 's the matter with you , be you crazy ? " " what 's the matter with you ? " " for heaven 's sake , where have you be ? " ... the door close . dissolve to : exterior . stuyvesant town housing project long shot look down the wide courtyard of stuyvesant town , its endless little pathway wind from the various apartment house door to the central pathway which lead to a stairway to the street . it be half past five in the morning . the sky be gray and desolate . the courtyard and any other street we see be absolutely empty . the camera pan over this empty expanse to the stairway where Charlie appear now , come quickly up the step . he move down the central sidewalk , a little faster than he would usually walk ; you have the feel he be exerting a effort to keep from run . camera pan with he as he hurry to one of the wind side lane lead to a particular apartment house . dissolve to : interior . charlie and helen' apartment medium shot look from the foyer of the apartment across the dining area to the front door . the apartment be dark . the door open and Charlie come in . he close the door quietly after himself and move a few step into the apartment . he stop when he see helen seat on the couch , wear a kimono over she pajamas . she stand ; she have be cry . charlie I love you , helen . she move slowly to he and put she head on he chest and cry quietly . he hold she tightly . helen ( cry softly ) I love you so much , Charlie . I love you so much .... charlie I love you .... helen I love you , Charlie , I love you , Charlie . I love you , Charlie ... camera move slowly up and away from the young couple , hold each other closely and tightly , murmure to each other in the dark live room of a two - and - a- half - room apartment in a housing project . fade out