anthropoid written by Sean Ellis and Anthony frewin base on a true story version 20 . shoot script . 24/6/2015 copyright 2015 silver a production lot 13 nassington road london nw3 2 TX [ note : the Czech language be a completely different language from german . within this film the Czech language be present as English ( possibly with a Czech accent ) . german will remain german and will not be subtitle . most czech do not speak german so the Germans either use basic Czech word and phrase or enlist a interpreter . ] black screen . the sound of silk rip , tree branch snap and then a thud . OPEN on : ext . pine forest , hill - night 1 a man with he back to the camera . a harness hang from he back . a frantic reeling action with he arm as he gather in a silk parachute . the action jump cut as he bury the chute into the snow . this be jan kubis , 29 . strong slender frame . jan stand up into frame , he back still to the camera . SOUND off : a muffle scream . jan turn he head to where the sound come from and listen . he try to control he fast breath , the moonlit backlight the vapour against the dark forest . he look sensitive but determine . a think man . the forest silent except for he own breathe . the sound again . jan take off in its direction . various fast pace tracking shot until jan stop ina clear and see : josef gabcik , 30 . volatile and demonstrative in equal measure . part of josef 's parachute have snag on a pine tree . he be attempt to pull it down and be unsteady on he foot . he be grimace in pain . jan arrive and they pull the parachute free and start to bury it . josef where be the equipment ? josef turn and indicate behind they : jan turn and see a parachute catch impossibly high up ina pine tree . a metal container gently dangle below the entanglement . jan ( under he breath ) kurva ! jan look back and see that josef be limping on one foot . anthropoid v20 : 1 jan what happen ? josef caught one of the branch on the way down . jan can you move ? ext . forest track - night 2 jan ' 's arm be around josef as he help he along a snowy track over - shadow by tree . camera follow they from behind . close up : two pair of foot hurry through the snow . one pair badly limping and leave a deep red blood trail through white snow . CUT to black : title - white on black : 3 anthropoid int . forest cave - night 4 a small fire . jan eat some ration . josef remove he boot . his sock be sticky with dark blood . he pull down the sock to reveal a deep cut on he ankle . jan inspect the wound . jan you 'il need stitches . jan rip a rag from he pack and help josef dress the wound . jan then see a small piece of wood on the cave floor . he pick it up and inspect it . he take he knife from he belt , sit with he back to the cave wall and start to whittle the wood with he knife . int . forest cave - early morning 5 the fire have smoulder into grey ash . the two man be asleep . there 's a noise . jan open he eye and see at the mouth of the cave a figure . this be antonin , a middle - age stocky farmer , brutish in manner , hold a shotgun with a dog at he foot . jan waken josef . there 's a momentary silence as the three eye each other . anthropoid v20 : 2 antonin you do not hide you parachute very well and you leave a blood trail for half a kilometer . silence . nobody move . antonin follow I . I live not far from here . josef and jan get to they foot groggily . ext . OPEN land - early morning 6 a snow - cover landscape . in the middle distance be antonin who turn and urge they to keep up . josef and jan exchange apprehensive glance . a clear in the wood . jan scan and see : a small farmhouse with a barn . pen for livestock , a truck sit park next to a stone well . self sufficient . antonin ignac ! ( beat ) ignac ! a few moment later ignac appear in the doorway of the farmhouse . a tousle-haired youth in he late teens with a acn face . ignac have on a leather apron stain with blood . he have a carve belt with a number of knife hold in place . antonin prepare some food . ignac turn and run back inside . antonin hot soup . come . int . farmhouse - kitchen - day . 7 some nasty soup be pour into bowl . ignac place the bowl in front of jan and josef . jan share a concerned look with josef . the farmhouse look run down and in need of repair . antonin please , eat . jan and josef slowly lift the spoon to they mouth . the scene awkward . anthropoid v20 : 3 antonin I take it you be head for Prague ? josef yes . how far away be it ? antonin 30 kilometer . I have a special delivery permit for my truck . ( beat ) I could take you . jan look at josef and then at antonin . jan ( appreciative ) thank you . antonin well that 's settle . you rest here tonight and I will take you in the morning . antonin exchange a look with ignac and then stand up from the table . antonin enjoy you soup . antonin leave the room , close the door behind he . jan and josef be leave with ignac who look like he never go to school . josef look at jan . something be wrong . the silence in the room oppressive . a clock gently tick somewhere . josef suddenly stand up and stride towards the kitchen door and burst through into the hall to find antonin stand in the hallway on the telephone . josef step forward , take a pistol from he pocket and aim it at antonin 's head . antonin like a rabbit catch in the headlight , slowly put the phone down and raise he hand in the air . josef how much do you get for turn in parachutist to the Germans ? antonin just stare at he . guilt write on he face . josef grab antonin and pull he back to the kitchen where he find jan seat with he hand in the air and ignac hold a knife to he throat . ignac Drop the gun ! anthropoid v20 : 4 josef keep the gun aim at antonin 's head . ignac reach inside jan 's jacket and take he gun . ignac I say drop the ... suddenly antonin grab the gun and he and josef wrestle for control . jan grab ignac 's arm and kick back and the two fly backwards and be stop by the sink . ignac drop the knife and the gun - jan drop for the gun but ignac kick it and skittles across the dank floor . ignac step back and pull another knife from he belt . antonin be stronger and manage to pull the gun away from josef . but in do so , pull the trigger , shoot himself in the face . blood spray across josef 's stunne face . everyone be momentarily freeze in shock . ignac look at antonin who be face down . he suddenly realise he be now outnumber . he turn and bolt out of a side door in the kitchen . josef scuttle next to antonin and retrieve he pistol from antonin 's dead hand . josef spin and throw the pistol through the air towards jan . jan catch it and chase after ignac . at the edge of the forest jan stop run and aim the pistol . a expression of concentration . his stance train like that of a soldier . jan ' 's Pov : a clear shot of ignac as he run deeper into the forest . jan 's concentration turn to hesitation . the hand that hold the gun start to shake . more than hesitation - a mental block . jan be hyperventilate . pain across he face . sweat pour , jan wipe he face and re-aim . jan ' 's Pov : ignac disappear into the thick cover of the forest . jan drop to he knee fight for breath . full - on panic attack . fist clench , muscle cramping . jan fight it . tries to calm himself . slowly get up , turn and make he way back to the farmhouse . anthropoid v20 : 5 int / ext . farmhouse - day . 8 josef pull the phone line from the wall . take a cloth and regards the dead weight of antonin 's body on the kitchen floor . a pool of black blood slowly creep across the floor . josef wipe the blood from he face and exit . jan approach . more in control . josef you get he ? jan shake he head no . josef look at jan for a beat - josef 's thought unreadable . he break off to survey the area . josef ( nodd towards it ) we will take they truck . int . truck - day 9 jan drive . josef look out the window at the pass landscape . jan steal a look at josef . josef notice . josef what ? ( beat ) they have make they choice . ( beat ) sometimes you have to pick a side . ( beat ) you would prefer it be we ? jan look back to the road . the question hang in the air . josef tear some cloth from a spare shirt and put he foot on the dash . he change the blood soak rag for the new cloth and tie it tight . jan ( indicate josef 's foot ) we have to get that look at as soon as possible . josef we have to make contact with the address in Prague first . ( beat ) we will deal with this after . jan give he a worried look and then look back at the road . a squealing sound be hear over the engine . josef turn , lift the canvas and peer into the back of the truck . six or seven pig be in the back of the truck . anthropoid v20 : 6 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 jan what be it ? josef a truck full of pig ! josef sit back and for the first time the man share a smile at the situation they find themselves in . ext . country lane - day 10 the truck speed past a sign post that indicate Prague be 28 kilometer away . omitted 11 omitted 12 omitted 13 ext . prague street - day 14 various shot as the truck make its way through the street of Prague . int . truck - day 15 josef check he map and then the road ahead . josef should be the next leave . through the window we see the heavy presence of the german army . military truck and soldier very much in evidence at every street corner . jan turn the wheel and make a leave turn . josef pull over here . the truck come to a stop as josef look up at a apartment block . josef this be it . jan and josef exit the truck . ext . prague STREET - day 16 they both check the street with nervous glance . anthropoid v20 : 7 17 int . apartment block step - day 17 jan and josef climb the step until they see a blue door with the number 44 on it . they have a quick look around and then nod to one another . jan knock on the door and they wait . footstep be hear and then the door open . a plain look woman in she late thirty appear and look at jan and josef . woman yes ? jan we be look for oldrich novak . the woman look at they . uncertainty in she eye . woman the novdkovi no longer live here . a silent beat . jan you have they new address ? the woman look down and see that josef 's foot be bleed and leave a small pool of blood around he heal . woman I hear they be take by the gestapo a month before we move into the apartment . from inside the apartment a man 's voice call out . man ( 0.s. ) who be it ? woman ( turn inside briefly ) do not worry , father . just someone look for direction . ( back to Jan and josef ) I be sorry , that be all I know . jan ( stop the door from close ) please , can you help we ? woman my father be not well , you must leave . jan step back from the door and josef stare at the woman . anthropoid v20 : 8 18 19 the woman lock eye with josef . a brief second pass . woman there be a veterinarian in the next row of shop up the street . ( beat ) I hear he be a good man . ( beat ) one that may help . josef nod he thanks and they leave . int . veterinarian 's surgery - day 18 a small french bulldog be be hold by a elderly woman while dr eduard , mid-50s bookish but kind , be try to examine the dog . the dog be bark and try to bite dr eduard . elderly woman he normally only bark at Germans ! dr eduard Germans and anyone give he a rectal examination . dr eduard remove he glove hand from the dog 's rear and take off the glove . dr eduard he should be fine now but do not let he eat the rubbish around the bin again . from next door we hear the bell above the front door sound . dr eduard look up with slight concern - he be not expect any other client today . he reassure the elderly lady with a warm smile . int . veterinarian 's reception - day 19 frosted glass panel sit on top on wood panel and separate the reception from the surgery with a door in the centre . elderly woman ( lead the dog out of the surgery ) thank you , Dr eduard . come along bené ! in the shop the elderly woman stop to see jan and josef in the wait area - neither have any pet . the elderly woman look back at dr eduard with a slightly worried expression . dr eduard look after he , Mrs spinka . anthropoid v20 : 9 20 mrs spinka leave and dr eduard turn to jan and josef . a brief pause before we cut to : int . veterinarian 's surgery - day 20 a close up of josef 's foot . a spot lamp light a large cut that be be stitched together by dr eduard . Dark sticky blood surround the deep cut and five stitches hold most of the wound together . dr eduard look over he glass at jan who be peek out through the curtain . jan 's Pov : Three german soldier be roughly herding a jewish family along the street . prodd they , shouting at they . jan walk back from the window and look to josef and then to dr eduard . dr eduard normally , for a dog bite , you would go to a hospital not a vet . jan do you know oldrich novak ? dr eduard look up to jan and notice jan 's right hand be stuff into coat pocket and be obviously hold a pistol . dr eduard look back and continue to stitch josef 's wound . dr eduard yes . he and he family be take by the gestapo . jan you know why ? dr eduard they be suspect of anti-Nazi activity . jan and what if we be to say oldrich novak be we contact here in Prague ? a beat . dr eduard then I would have to wonder if you be ill inform Czech patriot or gestapo spy try to infiltrate what remain of the resistance ? silence . dr eduard look at jan 's bag on the floor . Inside we can partly make out what look like a decoder paper . anthropoid v20 : 10 dr eduard you sound Czech , I detect no german accent . neither of you seem to have be beat into coercion . you seem more concerned by the threat outside this room . the decode paper in you bag do not have a german font and give that this wound have more tree bark in it than dog bite , I would have to guess you have be parachute back into Czechoslovakia with intelligence that be somewhat out of date . josef wince as the last stitch be finish . jan you be a clever man . ( beat ) we be also tell you be a good man ... dr eduard stand and wipe he hand . dr eduard ( hold out he hand ) you have papers ? jan take a wallet and remove he papers . jan hand they over to dr eduard . a official look document with jan 's photograph attach . dr eduard ( inspect the papers ) where be this make ? jan London , why what 's wrong ? dr eduard ( impressed face ) nothing . they be good . he hand they back as a volley of shot be hear outside . jan start to go to the window . dr eduard stop he . dr eduard do not . you could draw attention . ( beat ) there be nothing we can do . you will get use to it . ( beat ) I be not sure how long you have be away or what London have tell you about what be go on here . anthropoid v20 : 11 josef I think we current situation answer that , no ? dr eduard quite . jan we leave for the defence of France and be evacuate to England when France fall to the Germans . ( beat ) it 's be a while . dr eduard since reinhard heydrich be appoint Reich protektor of the Czech land , fear and suspicion rule . rewards be give to people who inform on anti-Nazi activity . handsome reward . ( beat ) heydrich have all but nearly crush the resistance and have execute thousand of Czech national . ( beat ) everyone be scared . dr eduard put the final bandage on josef 's foot . josef and you ? dr eduard I be just a vet . you do not give I much choice . ( beat ) I can put you in contact with the Miller . maybe he can help you . ( beat ) if you can convince he . ( beat ) you can stay here tonight and I 'il contact the Miller in the morning . josef my friend here say you be a clever man . I agree . ( indicate he hand in he pocket ) do not do anything that would change we opinion . dr eduard nod to the man and then indicate josef 's leg . dr eduard go easy on the foot and you should be dance the tango within the week . anthropoid v20 : 12 21 22 23 ext . prague , panoramic shot - dawn 21 over the rooftop . all be now quiet . the city start to stir . int . veterinarian 's surgery - morning 22 jan and josef be ready and wait . they look like they have not sleep . josef be check the street from the window and jan be whittling he piece of wood when the sound of key be hear unlock the front door . jan open the surgery door a crack and see dr eduard enter with another man . he be bretislav bauman , a tall slim man in he early fifty , educate but with a brusque manner . he be a local miller but carry himself with the confidence of something more . his hand deep in he coat pocket prove it . dr eduard stop when he see jan and josef in defensive position by the surgery door . dr eduard this be bretislav the miller . bretislav look at jan and josef . a pause as they size each other up . bretislav eduard tell I you be look for oldrich novak ? josef look at bretislav and nod . bretislav would you like to take a drive with I ? awkward pause . nervous look . int . truck - morning 23 bretislav drive with jan and josef on the bench seat next to he . a three - storey concrete building put up in the 1920 loom through the windshield . cold and functional . the truck approach and stop outside the entrance . josef where be all the student ? bretislav close . ( beat ) Germans do not like college . they encourage people to think . ( beat ) most of the academic and intellectual have be shot . anthropoid v20 : 13 24 25 26 bretislav get out the truck and start walk across the courtyard and towards the school building . jan what do you think ? josef I think , stay on you toe . ext . school build - day 24 jan and josef get out the truck and cross a courtyard and join bretislav as they all enter through the main large door . int . school build , corridor - day 25 jan , josef and bretislav walk down a long corridor , they footstep echo . josef look around : empty class room . some with chair over turn . paint peel from the wall . rust mark . decay . it do not look good . josef limp along and snatch a look at jan . both have a hand in they pocket . the corridor be long . they footstep echo out . tension at break point . bretislav look back over he shoulder at josef . josef meet he gaze . bretislav turn back and reach a doorway , go through it . jan and josef follow . int . school build , classroom - day 26 sitting behind a desk be a man . stand next to he be another man . jan and josef enter but do not see the two man either side of the door they come through . '' click '' . pistol be train on the back of jan 's and josef 's head . bretislav spin , pistol train on jan and josef . bretislav do not move ! jan and josef look around to assess the situation . two armed man behind . bretislav in front . two man at the desk in front . bretislav take the pistol from jan and josef 's pocket . josef look very angry at himself for walk right into a trap . anthropoid v20 : 14 bretislav place the pistol on the desk in front of the seat man . he be jan zelenka , a teacher , code - name ' uncle hajsky 's , a intellectual look man in he early fifty . stand next to he be a tall slim man in he mid-forty with a determine manner . he be ladislav vanek . the man from behind place two chair in front of the desk and recede to cover at the back of the room . ladislav ( hand outstretch ) please sit . the room be silent . ladislav you be look for oldrich novak ? josef nod . ladislav why ? josef look at they for what seem a long time . weigh the situation , the word he must use . josef he be we contact here in Prague . it hang in the air . ladislav who give you this contact ? josef London . bretislav and ladislav exchange look . ladislav and you tell we this because ? jan you be not leave we much choice and this do not look like gestapo headquarters . ladislav turn to look at jan . ladislav you , where be you from ? ( beat ) you accent , bohemia ? jan no , from dolni vilemovice , moravia . ladislav then you must know the railway station at vladislav ? anthropoid v20 : 15 jan yes . ladislav what 's so special about it ? jan think for a moment . jan I presume you be talk about the large bed of coloured rose that when see from above be in the shape of we national flag ? the man regard each other for a pregnant beat . jan be it still there ? ladislav seem the Germans have still not look at it from above ... ladislav smile . he pull up a chair . sit . ladislav I be vanek . ladislav vanek . ( beat ) I be the head of the jindra organization . ( beat ) Czech resistance . ( beat ) this be Jan Zelenka , code name uncle hajsky . jan I be Jan kubis . josef I be josef gabcik . from Slovakia . uncle hajsky you must not be surprised by we lack of trust . the gestapo have be very successful in infiltrate we network . ( beat ) the contact that London give you , oldrich novak . he be take away some month ago . josef well , that could have get we kill , why be not London inform ? ladislav we lose contact with the Czech government - in-exile in London some month ago . we need replacement crystal for the transmitter . ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 16 ladislav ( cont 'd ) we have be wait for they to send someone to reestablish contact . ( beat ) be that you ? josef there be other man on we plane . they be drop elsewhere , it 's possible they have order to reestablish contact with London but I be afraid that be not we mission . uncle hajsky what be you mission ? a long beat as josef regards jan . josef we be here as operation anthropoid . uncle hajsky derive from the Greek , anthropo , it mean , resembling a human be in form . josef we do not know what it mean other than the instruction give within the code name . there be a long silence in the room . ladislav I take it you want we help for this mission ? ( beat ) whatever it be ? jan yes . we will need you help . another silence . ladislav we can help of course . but we need to know what you need help with . ( beat ) what be anthropoid ? jan and josef seem to be struggle with the information they possess . ladislav tilt he head curiously at they struggle . uncle hajsky look at ladislav and then back at jan and josef . it 's dawn on they just how big this mission could be . anthropoid v20 : 17 josef we be here to assassinate ss obergruppenfiihrer reinhard heydrich . uncle hajsky and ladislav be freeze for a second . blank face just stare back . josef the reichsprotektor of bohemia and - uncle hajsky ladislav ( interrupt ) ( overlap ) yes , we know who he be ... be you completely mad ? josef ladislav we have we order , comrade . but this be madness ! heydrich ! for Christ sake , man ! uncle hajsky ( try to interrupt ) ladislav ... ladislav why stop with heydrich ? why not have a go at Hitler as well ? he 's only 300 kilometer down the road in a small village call Berlin . josef so we report to London that you be refuse to cooperate with we mission ? ladislav lose it and kick back he chair as he leap to a confrontational stance in front of josef . josef spring up and stand he ground . ladislav how dare you question we ! ( beat ) you know what we have sacrifice for the cause here ? the man behind re-train they weapon at josef . silence as the man regard each other in the stand off . uncle hajsky ( calmly ) ladislav , please . sit down ... ladislav break the stare and return to he seat as do josef . ladislav you kill heydrich and Hitler will tear Prague apart . ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 18 ladislav ( cont 'd ) I be talk about the sort of reprisal we do not want to imagine , can not imagine . ( beat ) they will find a weak link , exploit it . until someone give they a name . anyone that so much as sell a newspaper to that name will be shot . ( beat ) I take it you have family in Czechoslovakia ? mother ? Father ? ( beat ) you kill heydrich then you can consider they and everyone that ever know you dead ... josef all Czech patriot should be ready to die for they country . that include my family . ladislav ( overlap ) well , I be not ! I want to carry on fight . we do not have that many leave that be willing to do that . we be what 's leave of the Czech resistance . we die , it die . ( beat ) I suggest a lesser rank should be assassinate . perhaps a few of they . ( beat ) we could look at Karl Frank or any of the puppet in the government here that collaborate with the Nazis . jan heydrich be the head of the secret police . only Hitler and himmler be above he in the Nazi hierarchy . ladislav exactly my point , you really think you will ever get close enough to assassinate heydrich ? silence . doubt . josef we order have come direct from the Czech government in London . ladislav so this be about the Czech government in London try to impress the ally ? ( beat ) what about when we have a army ? be willing to fight ? ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 19 ladislav ( cont 'd ) able to fight ? ( beat ) it be the ally that give we to the Germans in the first place ... ( beat ) be I the only one that remember the munich agreement ? uncle hajsky munich be a betrayal , but it 's also now history . the question the Czech government in exile seem to be ask be this , be we still able to fight ? be Czechoslovakia still ready and able to resist Nazi Germany ? josef the assassination of reinhard heydrich could not send a clearer message to the world . ladislav yes , but at what cost ? there be a heavy silence in the room . uncle hajsky you have you order . ( beat ) I be sure ladislav 's feeling will not colour he support . ( beat ) what do you need from we in the meantime ? josef everything you know on heydrich . uncle hajsky I presume you want this down to the fine detail of movement , plan engagement , and so on ? josef and jan nod . uncle hajsky it will take we a couple of week to figure out who we have on the inside that can get close to that kind of information . josef there be one other thing . ( beat ) we lose we equipment in the drop . ladislav what do you need ? anthropoid v20 : 20 27 28 29 josef two anti-tank grenade , model 73 , 32 pound of plastic explosive , two magazine of fuse , three timing pencil and one sten Mark ii machine gun with 100 round . ladislav and where be I suppose to find all that ? josef hanging thirty meter up from a pine tree , we can show you approximately where on a map . uncle hajsky in the meantime I will take you to one of the safe house we have in Prague . jan and josef understand with a grateful nod . omitted 27 int . moravec exterior stairwell - day 28 uncle hajsky lead josef and jan up the step of nondescript five -storey 1920 building . on the top floor uncle hajsky knock on a door . mrs moravec answer it . she be a strong look woman in she late forty , dark hair with dark intense eye that hint at she dependable resolve and she resistance to the german invasion of she motherland . see uncle hajsky she usher they inside with some urgency . int . moravec flat , hallway - day 29 a flat simply furnish in the Czech style . a violin be hear practice scale somewhere in the flat . mrs moravec good to see you , uncle . you look in good health . uncle hajsky and so do you , Mrs moravec . mrs moravec and who be this two exactly ? uncle hajsky josef here , and this be Jan . josef and jan each shake mrs moravec 's hand . anthropoid v20 : 21 30 mrs moravec you be both most welcome here and please call I auntie moravec . ( beat ) come on through , please . int . moravec flat , MAIN room —- morning 30 a simple and modestly furnish room with large window . a dining table and chair , several armchair , a sofa , a cabinet with book . the kitchen lead off . mrs moravec lead the three into the room . uncle hajsky ( to josef and Jan ) this will be you base for the time be . Mrs moravec will look after you royally , I be sure . mrs moravec my husband work on the railway and know nothing of what we be do . I ‘’1l tell he that you be lodger from the country seek work . ( call over she shoulder ) ata ! ata ! ( beat ) ata be my son . he be study to be a violinist . uncle hajsky ( to josef and Jan ) if you ever need to contact I , use ata . ata appear . a lean , friendly twenty - one - year - old . mrs moravec ata . this be josef , and this be Jan . ata I be pleased to meet you both . the three shake hand . uncle hajsky ( to josef and Jan ) a couple of thing ... ( beat ) try not to go outside . ( beat ) if you must , never walk together . ( beat ) if you be stop , you will need a excuse for not be at work . ( beat ) ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 22 uncle hajsky ( cont 'd ) I will speak to we vet , the good Dr eduard and see if he can get you medical certificate state you be exempt from work . ( beat ) we use the code of three knock follow by one knock . ( beat ) a open window with the curtain draw be the danger signal . stay away at all cost . ( beat ) Lay low until I can send word through ata . the man nod . uncle hajsky bow to mrs moravec and leave . the man make a courtesy smile to mrs moravec and then go about they business . they be check every part of the flat : the window , the lock , and so on . mrs moravec look on slightly anguish as she watch they systematically check everything . josef ( point at the front door ) that 's the only way in and out ? mrs moravec nod , hand hold across she front . josef and the room we sleep in ? mrs moravec show jan and josef to a little box room off the corridor . a simple room . two mattress bed on the floor . a table and chair . a dresser and in a alcove , a sink with a mirror above . jan josef ! josef look at jan who have see a skylight in the ceiling . josef ( to Mrs moravec ) there 's a way off the roof ? mrs moravec ( think ) there be a fire escape to the leave . to the right it continue to the building next door . jan that 's good enough . josef take a chair and bring it to the door and wedge it under the handle . anthropoid v20 : 23 jan take a tray of china from the table and lift the table place it under the skylight . he jump on the table and easily open the skylight and look out . he then poke he head back in and give a nod . josef ok . the chair stay by the door and the side table must always be clear of any china . mrs moravec nod . mrs moravec ( slightly nervous ) I be sure you both would like a glass of becherovka . jan becherovka ? thank you . the front door be hear open and jan and josef instantly pull out they pistol . a female voice from the hallway . female voice Mrs moravec ? mrs moravec it 's ok . it 's Marie . mrs moravec take the chair from under the door handle . jan and josef hide they pistol . mrs moravec open the door and they exit to meet marie kovarnikova in the hallway . marie be a attractive girl in she late teens bear two heavy shopping bag . she freeze in slight shock at the two stranger behind mrs moravec . mrs moravec it 's ok , Marie . this be Jan and josef , my cousin from the country . they will be stay with we while they be look for work . josef ( formal ) please to meet you , Marie . josef extend he hand . somewhat shyly marie put down the shopping bag and lean over to shake josef 's hand . jan smile as he shake she hand . jan hello . anthropoid v20 : 24 31 there be a play between they eye and its obvious that there be a attraction on jan 's part . josef notice . mrs moravec Marie , josef and Jan be not register with the police as be resident here , so remember , please keep it strictly to yourself . marie ( nod ) I nil put the shopping in the kitchen then . mrs moravec smile warmly at marie as she take the shopping bag into the kitchen to unpack . josef look at marie leave and then at mrs moravec . he look concerned . mrs moravec do not worry , she be a trustworthy girl . Mrs kovarnikova 's daughter . I pay she for help out . ( beat ) I have to , I get no help from ata , always on the violin . and as for Mr moravec , he think he 's help out if he close a door . ( beat ) dinner will be at 6 pm . int . moravec flat , MAIN room - night 31 jan and josef help lay plate onto the dinner table . marie help mrs moravec in the kitchen . mrs moravec 's husband mr ( alois ) moravec be a large overweight man in he late forty with bushy eyebrow and a bluff manner . he sit in a chair off to the side read he newspaper . ata can be hear in the background play the violin . Christmas decoration lightly decorate the apartment . the hot dish be bring into the dining room . a modest feast be ready . mrs moravec ( call out into the hall ) ata ! dinner be ready ! mr moravec get out the chair and make he way to the head of the table . anthropoid v20 : 25 marie well , I ’1ll be off now Mrs moravec mrs moravec do not be silly , Marie . please stay and eat with we . we have enough . jan steal a glance at marie who look away . mrs moravec Marie , I insist ! marie ok , then . thank you . marie take a seat opposite jan . ata enter the dining room and sit down . mr moravec ( sighing ) and finally the fiddler be silent ! mrs moravec ( to Mr moravec ) he 's a violinist , alois . a violinist ! mr moravec well , whatever it be , and it would not be so bad if he play something everyone know . mrs moravec ( proudly to Jan and josef ) ata be at the conservatory for gift musician . mr moravec be not interested in the railway , be he ? could be earning good money now as a clerk . I see a future for he as a station master . ( beat ) still , I suppose , the lad have to follow he own path . ata have he face over he plate and be too busy eat to hear this old rant again . mr moravec ( to Jan and josef ) you two boy look for work then ? jan ( swallow he food ) mmmm . yes . mr moravec we be always look for boy in the railway shed , to clean the cinder out of the locomotive ! anthropoid v20 : 26 32 mrs moravec that be the dirtiest job in Prague ! jan steal a look at marie and marie look away shyly . josef thank you for the offer , Mr moravec . we will keep that in mind . int . moravec flat , kitchen - night 32 marie be at the sink clean the dish . jan bring in the last of the dish from the table . jan lean against the fridge and take a cigarette packet from he pocket and offer one to marie . she shake she head no . jan light up and take a drag . jan so , what do you do when you be not help out here ? marie shrug . there be a pause between they . electricity fill the silence . jan you do not have a boyfriend ? Marie shrug she shoulder shyly and be noncommittal . no one special . there be tension and marie then break into a nervous giggle . jan laugh a little too and the tension be relaxed . josef enter with he plate . he look at the two of they briefly before study marie intensely . josef you like life in occupy Prague , Marie ? marie I take it not be register with the police as resident have something to do with this question ? josef it might . a beat . marie I hate the Germans . anthropoid v20 : 27 a beat . josef you have a friend as good look as you ? marie , look to jan and then back to josef . marie why ? josef seem Prague have change since we be last here . ( beat ) would be less conspicuous if we walk around with girl on we arm . ( beat ) Young love flourish under german occupation , that sort of thing . marie but you be not that young . josef ( turn to Jan ) feisty and humourous , I like she . ( back to Marie ) of course you can say no . ( serious ) Mrs moravec say you be trustworthy be one thing . but do this could get you shot . ( beat ) you should think about that before - marie ( cut in ) my friend , lenka . ( beat ) she sometimes courier message for uncle hajsky . josef good , so she know how to keep she mouth shut as well ? marie nod . marie we be go to a New year Eve dance on Wednesday night . ( beat ) you would like to go ? josef look at jan . jan shrug . josef turn back to marie and nod . anthropoid v20 : 28 33 int . prague dance hall - night 33 a smoky dance hall , softly illuminate in soft brown hue . tables and chair around the edge of the floor . some six or so couple be dance to a swing band . jan and josef stand at the bar . the atmosphere in the dance hall have a edge . it 's not relaxed and feel slightly surreal . almost lose in time . nervous look . a banner hang across the hall proclaim '' happy new year - 1942 ! " a few off-duty ss officer to one corner . top button undone , red cheek . but people avoid they . a few whore flirt with they . Upper class tuxedoe mixing with work class brown jacket . Business man mixing with artist and Black marketeer 's mixing with Czech police . a group of friend drink . one be quite drunk and start to push a mate around . a few other step in and calm the situation down . drink and cigarettes be hand out . nervous look in the direction of the ss officer . this be occupy Prague . the dance hall have a a 1920 's prohibition feel to it and tonight be New year eve , a temporary neutral ground for all attend , but only just josef ( to the crowd ) look at they ... ( beat ) go through the motion like some old ritual that no longer have any joy for they . jan maybe there be hope in the pretence ... josef light a cigarette , he be a few beer in . turn to jan . jan signal off screen . marie and lenka emerge through the crowd arm in arm . both beautiful . both receive look from various wannabe suitor . lenka fafekova , like marie be elegant with strike red hair , she be slightly older but beautiful . jan look like you fall on you foot with lenka . josef stupid ... jan look confuse . anthropoid v20 : 29 the girl approach they . marie hello . lenka , this be Jan and josef . josef turn he back on they . marie visibly disappointed . jan smile nervously at marie . awkward pause . marie you know it 's not very polite to turn you back on a lady . josef turn and talk but do not look at they . he look past they . josef I will pay you the compliment of be the two most beautiful girl in the room but this be not a night off for we . jan josef , maybe you be over- reacting a little . josef give jan a look which silence he . josef ( look past lenka and Marie ) I and Jan appreciate the effort but the point be not to attract attention . jan look over the room . a few people avert he gaze . maybe josef have a point . josef in future we need you to be as plain as possible . ( beat ) think you can do that ? marie nod , feel small and rebuffe . lenka you know , for most girl , a little lipstick be the only way to forget what be happen here . ( beat ) even if it 's only for a few hour . josef look at the table with ss officer . one of they look over . observe while inhale a cigarette . josef now look at lenka for the first time . anthropoid v20 : 30 34 josef you lipstick get you notice and that get we notice and we be notice could get we all shot . ( beat ) and now this little scene need a end . lenka frown , not understanding . josef lean forward and whisper in she ear . josef slap my face so we can leave without suspicion . lenka pause for a second and understand the scene that need to be play . she then haul a slap across josef 's right cheek . her face play the perfect part of a woman scorn . lenka I be not a whore ! josef rub he cheek and see : the ss officer turn and laugh with the other . the act story , now clear , have avert any suspicion . josef ( whisper to lenka ) save you lipstick and pencill stocking for when the war be over . josef push past and leave . jan grab he coat . jan ( to the girl ) I think that go well . awkward beat and jan follow josef to the exit . int . moravec flat , BOX room - night 34 a machine gun be place on the table . ladislav ( 0.s. ) a british sten Mark ii machine gun . jan and josef inspect the weapon and clip as ladislav place two anti-tank grenade on the table . ladislav one hundred round . ( beat ) model 73 anti-tank grenade with pencil fuse . ( beat ) ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 31 35 ladislav ( cont 'd ) that 's everything we could retrieve from the drop canister . josef take the Mark ii sten and sniff the barrel . josef that smell remind I of the training field in Scotland ! he throw the gun to jan who catch it and take a whiff . jan gun oil and turpentine - sometimes I think we drank it by the pint . ladislav uncle say he have make some progress with the information you ask for . ( beat ) there be a meeting at café slavia on vodikova Street at 2 pm , Tuesday . ladislav you be still determine to go through with this ? josef look down at the gun and then at ladislav . the silence confirm they stance . ladislav turn to leave . josef ( to ladislav and indicate the weapon ) ladislav , thanks . ladislav nod and leave . ext . prague street - day 35 a late afternoon mist hang in the air . the blacken spire of the church and other building peek out from the mist like a dark fairy tale . people go about they business . people sit outside a café . a few nervously look around . no one can be trust . suspicion rule the city . josef be walk besides lenka . now she look like a plain blonde in she late twenty . there be a awkward silence between the two . josef look back over the street behind and see : marie and jan walk together on the side walk . lenka I just want to apologise about Saturday night . ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 32 lenka ( cont 'd ) you be completely right to do what you do . ( beat ) Marie do not fully inform I of the situation . ( beat ) she be young and still have romantic idea about the war . josef and you ? lenka War be not romantic . josef regards she for a second . she seem wise beyond she year - another by - product of war . josef then look across the street . a man on the other side of the street in a overcoat and hat stand look at they . josef look over he shoulder . another man seem to be follow they . josef look back at the first man who be now greet by a woman and they start to walk off . be he be unduly suspicious ? lenka we cross here . we be now walk with jan and marie and we see josef and lenka cross the street a little up ahead . jan after we last date I think you might both show wear potato sack ... marie give a shy smile . marie lenka be very angry that I do not tell she who you both be . ( beat ) I do not know what I be do . jan you be do fine . ( beat ) its not you fault . ( beat ) it 's hard to see all the side . ( beat ) josef just have a knack for it . marie he must think I silly . anthropoid v20 : 33 36 37 jan I do not . marie smile . her eye lock with jan 's . a sweet moment . ahead , josef and lenka have now cross the street and be on the same side . they both enter a café . a man lean on the corner outside the café . tooth pick in mouth , foot raise on the wall , relaxed but look around . jan notice he . he must be a lookout for the jindra Organization . jan and marie pass he and into the café . int . cafe slavia - afternoon 36 a small neighbourhood café . just a few local . they look up at jan and josef for a second before go back to they business . the proprietor behind the counter glance up at josef and jan and indicate to they to go through a door at the back . josef and jan turn to lenka and marie . josef take a seat here and order a drink . we will not be long . marie and lenka nod and sit down at a table . josef and jan walk through a doorway and into the back room . int . safe room , cafe slavia -— afternoon 37 a grey modestly furnish flat at the back of the café . both jan and josef look round the room and see two other door other than the one they enter . we recognize uncle hajsky and ladislav , head of the jindra group from the first meeting . jan and josef turn and see three other man : Adolf opalka , josef valcik and karel curda . the man know each other and be happily reunite . smile , handshake and slap on back . ladislav I see you be no stranger to one another ? jan we all train special operation together . ( beat ) ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 34 jan ( cont 'd ) valcik here be even on the same drop . valcik be a heavy set , handsome man with blonde hair . valcik dropped ten minute later and thirty mile off course ! josef glad to see you make it in one piece . uncle hajsky gentlemen , please sit . jan and josef sit at the table and place they pistol in front of they . uncle hajsky and ladislav be also at the table , valcik and opalka sit to one side . curda in the background . ladislav thanks to valcik and he group Silver a , we have finally reestablish communication with London . valcik I have order to send and receive any communication between you and London . ( beat ) you have you own decoder paper , right ? josef and jan nod to valcik . ladislav Captain opalka and warrant Officer curda have complete operation out distance so both be now available to assist you . ( beat ) Captain opalka be the senior officer here . opalka , early thirty , look every inch the man you would want as the captain of you team . sharply chisell face , a determine manner . a natural leader . opalka this be true but you mission objective supersede my rank . ( beat ) we have word from London . anthropoid . utmost priority . assist with everything possible . ( beat ) this be you show , comrade . anthropoid v20 : curda , a nervous man in he late twenty , look over the meeting as uncle hajsky unfold a map of Prague . uncle hajsky you want to know everything we could find out about heydrich . ( indicate on map ) we know he life with he wife and child at a country chateau in panenské brezany and he have he office in Prague at hradcany Castle . ( beat ) both the chateau and the castle be heavily guard and so be out of the question . josef what about trip to Berlin ? ladislav probably once a month . he usually travel by train , we would know as the railway start prepare the special carriage several day in advance . uncle hajsky but the station and train will be heavily guard . curda what about derailing the train outside of Prague ? opalka look at jan and josef . it 's not a bad idea . jan ( look at josef ) blow up a train ? josef it 's a possibility . ( to valcik ) explosive ? valcik that 's curda 's department . curda ? curda I can get the explosive . jan what do we know about blow up train ? curda I can show you . but basically you would need to blow the track and derail -- anthropoid v20 : 36 josef ( interrupt ) we can derail the train , but that be no guarantee heydrich be kill . ( beat ) I say we check he route between he home and the castle . ladislav uncle have make contact with a old student of he who work as a repairman at the castle . he be willing to help but can only provide we with the information of what time heydrich arrive and what time he leave the day after . jan what good be that ? uncle hajsky you can start to build a pattern of he routine . ( beat ) some day he travel with a armed escort but some day he do not . maybe there be a pattern to this . curda this be go to take week ! jan then it will take week . we will only get one shot at heydrich . after that security will be so tight that you will not get a olive between he and we without make oil . uncle hajsky I will rent a flat near the castle so the repairman can drop off the timetable from the day before on he way to work . ( beat ) lenka or Marie can be there to collect they for we . josef good . we 'il check out the route he take between the chateau and the castle . ladislav ( slide they across ) you medical certificate . work exempt , in case you be stop . opalka ( to Jan and josef ) what will you need ? anthropoid v20 : 37 38 39 josef a camera with film , chemical to process it and make print . binoculars , couple of bicycle , a torch and some red paint . uncle hajsky ( frown at the request ) that 's quite a shopping list , I 'il see what I can do . a pause . uncle hajsky part of operation out distance be to re-supply the resistance with much need cyanide capsule . ( beat ) we have lose so many of we people to the gestapo and without the cyanide capsule many have talk - give up valuable information into we operate procedure . opalka distribute the packet of glass vial of cyanide . uncle hajsky in close I just want to say to you all that this operation be involve almost everyone we have . ( beat ) in the event you be capture by the gestapo you will have to face some harsh fact . there will be no escape . you will be torture until you tell they everything you know . ( beat ) and then you will be execute . ( beat ) you must protect you fellow comrade and shut any link to they down , so carry the cyanide at all time . a heavy beat . int . cafe slavia - day - same . 38 marie and lenka sit at the table drink they coffee . a german motorbike with sidecar pull up outside the Cafe . the lookout from earlier throw down he toothpick and enter the cafe . he stride up to the bar and press the waiter bell three time . int . safe room , cafe slavia - same . 39 uncle and ladislav react to the bell and the other follow suit . anthropoid v20 : 38 40 jan and josef grab they pistol and josef crack the door and the curtain to look into the Cafe . josef 's Pov : two german soldier stand at the bar behind the lookout . behind josef , uncle open the window to a side alley and start to signal to curda to make a escape . int . cafe slavia - day - same . 40 the waiter place a coffee in front of the lookout and give he attention to the lead german . german soldier # 1 cigarettes . the german soldier # 2 be look at the photo of old Prague on the wall - this interest be lead he closer to the back room . josef see he move closer and turn to see curda go through the window but curda catch a flower pot with he foot and the pot fall from the window sill and smashes in the alley outside . german soldier # 2 hear it and he walk towards the back room . josef steal himself and take one step away from the door and aim he pistol . the german now on the other side of the door - reach out for the curtain . lenka push she coffee cup from the table and it smashes on the floor . both the soldier turn and look at she as she drop to one knee and start to pick up the piece . german soldier # 2 look back at the door . on the other side of the door - josef , jan and the other man like statue - gun at the ready . german soldier # 1 open the pack as he look down at lenka 's stocking as she suggestively finish pick up the break cup and place it on the bar . he light the cigarette . german soldier # 1 ( to german soldier # 2 ) kumpel , lass un gehen ! german soldier # 2 turn and walk back to he mate . german soldier # 1 drop some crown on the bar and they leave . anthropoid v20 : 39 41 42 43 int . safe room , cafe slavia - same . 41 the man stand down and breathe a sigh of relief . int . moravec flat , MAIN room —- morning 42 close up of the wood that jan have be whittling . jan be now use a filing tool . the wood be take shape into the form of the human figure . josef and jan sit on the sofa stare ahead . ata be play the violin in another room . mr moravec be lighting up he pipe and chatter away ( one get the impression he would chatter away even if he do not have a audience ) . mr moravec ( draw on pipe , billow smoke ) out of Blue boar tobacco !? could not believe it . I tell he I would be smoking it for twenty - odd year . do not have any . say it 's because of the war . do not believe that for a moment . ( to Jan ) have you find work yet ? jan nothing concrete yet . but I think we have a plan . mr moravec we have work down at the yard . ( beat ) you think perhaps you be too good to do such work ? jan no , Mr moravec . it 's a kind offer . ( beat ) maybe if what we have plan do not work out ? mr moravec give he a slightly suspicious look as he draw on he pipe . jan and josef help mrs moravec to the kitchen with the breakfast plate . int . moravec flat , kitchen - morning 43 the dish be be pile in the sink . mrs moravec ( quietly to josef and Jan ) there be two bicycle downstairs for you . both black , both lady . sorry , it be all I could get , I place they there earlier . ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 40 mrs moravec ( cont 'd ) ( hand josef two leather case ) a camera , load with film and binocular . the other bit you ask for will be here tomorrow . 44 ext . panenske brezany - day 44 Pov through binocular : the entrance to heydrich 's chateau at panenské brezany . many armed german soldier be in evidence . josef ( 0.s. ) as uncle say , there be too many armed guard here . jan have turn he bicycle upside down and be pretend to fix a puncture . josef lay hide from sight in a ditch with he face glue to the binocular . jan ( sneaking a sly look ) look like there be a whole garrison there . heydrich 's 3.5 litre mercede convertible shark slowly out of the entrance . it 's be drive by he personal chauffeur oberscharfiihrer klein . the top be off and heydrich sit in the front . josef look like we man . ( beat ) what 's the time ? jan ( check watch ) five minute after nine . the mercede approach they and roar past at sixty mile per hour . jan busy with he tire and josef digging deep to keep out sight . josef anything else come ? jan no. Riding solo today . ( beat ) oh , wait . a armed escort now roar past do its best to keep up with heydrich but with no way of catch up . jan armed escort . ( beat ) two minute behind . anthropoid v20 : 41 45 46 the armed escort race past . josef get up and dust himself down . josef ( retrieve he bicycle ) if we can stop the mercede use a rope or steel cable across the road then two minute would be all we need . jan ( place he bicycle the right way up ) even if the rope stop the car we need more than two minute to escape from here . we would have to deal with the armed guard here in the open . ( beat ) it would not be my first choice . josef and if it 's we only choice ? Jan be silent . josef the point of the mission be to succeed . jan I be more worried that we have not plan what to do if we be successful . josef what happen after be not important . jan stare at josef . jan just because London have give no information that extend beyond the mission objective do not mean there should not be one . there be a long silence between they until finally : josef let 's follow the route to hradcany Castle . omitted 45 ext . prague STREET - day 46 josef and jan cycle down a street . ahead there seem to be a commotion . people in the street . anthropoid v20 : 42 47 48 jan and josef come to a stop and dismount they bicycle . they push they through the people who stand and look up . some of the people be emotional , other as still as statue . all be mostly silent . german soldier be very much in evidence . a german motorbike and side car . Soldiers with german shepherd that bark . jan and josef make they way through and then see what everyone be look at . continue all the way to the end of the street be people hang from the street lamp post by they neck . Signs hang from they neck ; '' traitor '' - '' Communist '' - '' Jew '' . it 's a haunt site . Hell , seeping its way into the city . jan look at josef . they continue on in silence . pan and cross fade : int . cafe - afternoon 47 josef smoke a cigarette . lose in think . look around the cafe . uncomfortable shuffles , avert look . a knock on the glass window . josef turn : it 's lenka . josef nod to she and she enter and sit opposite . they silently look at each other . lenka have make a effort to look plain but she natural beauty be easy to see . lenka do I look plain enough ? josef stub out he cigarette in the ashtray and nod . lenka be you sure ? ( teasing ) I can go rub some mud on my face if you would like ? josef we have a tram to catch . let 's go . int . tram - afternoon 48 lenka and josef sit side by side . anthropoid v20 : 43 49 the other passenger avert eye . the tram silent . then come to a stop . josef signal it 's they stop and they get off . ext . prague STREET near castle - afternoon 49 busy street with worker start to make they way home . josef and lenka walk and suddenly in front of they be four german soldier wait around . josef calculate it 's too late to cross the street without look suspicious so they walk past they . the soldier stare at lenka and a couple of they wolf whistle and a few lewd comment be hear in german . once past , josef guide lenka across the street to the corner of kirchmayerstrasse into klein holeschowitzerstrasse . josef I need to take some picture . will you be my model ? lenka smile . josef take out the camera from its case . it 's a old rolleicord twin-len reflex camera : lenka stand in front of josef . josef frame the camera but it seem to be point at the street behind lenka . she look over she shoulder at the street and then back to josef . josef take a picture and then wind the film . josef ok , one from over there . lenka re-position herself . josef re-frame . again the position of the frame seem to be off to one side at the street corner behind she . click . josef wind the film . re-position the camera to the other side of lenka where there be a wait tram and click . lenka realise that josef be shoot a reconnaissance of the area and have no interest in take she photo . another click and wind . josef now point the camera at lenka . her guard down . a honest moment . the real lenka expose for a fraction of a second . she be look at josef but almost off into the distance . josef intuitively sense something in that moment and take a picture . anthropoid v20 : 44 50 51 52a 52 53 in extreme close up we see the metal shutter and iris open allow the light onto the film . the mechanical shutter grunt and then snap shut . ext . prague cityscape —- dawn 50 the black spire rise out of the dawn mist , eerie . ext . hradcany castle - morning 51 heydrich 's mercede pull through the gate of the castle . a armed escort right behind . from a window above , the repairman watch down as the car enter the gate of the castle . ext . prague cityscape - dawn 52a a new dawn over the city as it slowly start to wake . ext . prague STREET near castle - morning 52 we follow a man from behind as he walk down the street . close up of the man 's hand as he reach into he jacket pocket and take out a small envelope . he stop by a window of a apartment that look out onto the pavement and he knock on the glass . the window open and he hand the envelope to lenka . he look at she for a second . he be the repairman . the repairman 's Pov through the window : he see josef and jan partly hide by the blow net curtain . the repairman continue onto the castle . int . uncle hajsky's rented flat - morning 53 lenka give the envelope to josef . he open it . close up on the content : 9.15 - 5.15 with . jan well ? josef arrive 9.15 . Left at 5.15 . with a armed escort . marie look at lenka . anthropoid v20 : 45 lenka armed escort ? josef look at lenka and then at jan . not sure how much to reveal . lenka there be only one person in Prague that travel with a armed escort . marie look slightly panicked . lenka you be go to assassinate heydrich ? marie what ? heydrich be the target ? jan for you own safety , it 's best you do not ask too many question . lenka it 's a bit late for that , no ? josef you agree to help the resistance . who the target be do not concern you . lenka we be about to help you murder reinhard heydrich . of course it concern we ! jan ok , everyone just calm down . jan lead marie to a seat at the table . make she sit . jan maybe it be a mistake not to inform you of the danger ... marie ( still reeling ) murder heydrich ? josef assassinate . ( beat ) murder somehow imply he have a life worth live . on the table in front of lenka be josef 's pistol . lenka you think I be some little girl that be just here to follow the important parachutist around ? anthropoid v20 : 46 54 54b she take josef 's pistol and strip the clip , the top barrel , remove the chamber bullet and inspect the line , then resemble it . it all take no more than six second . she stand and walk towards josef where she hand he the gun . lenka we have be resisting in we own way from the beginning . ( beat ) I personally do not have any reservation kill a Nazi pig . ( beat ) but do not treat we as though what you be about to do do not affect we . ( beat ) it do and it will . ( hand josef he pistol ) and you should keep you weapon clean . it 's filthy . josef share a look with jan . they have be tell . omitted 54 int . moravec flat , BOX room - night 54b josef place the camera on the table . pour some chemical into a measure jug and then into a soup pot . indicate to jan to hit the light . the room go dark and josef take the film from the camera and place it in the pot . josef ok . jan switch the light back on and josef shake the pot while look at he watch . josef place a light bulb into a pot of red paint . the negative be process and josef inspect they under the room light . book be place on top of one another form two small tower . a 12x12 cm matte be cut from white card to be use as a printing easel . josef remove the back of the camera and balance the camera between the book with the lens face down and the open back face up . anthropoid v20 : 47 55 56 the now red light bulb be screw into the socket . jan switch the main light off and josef switch on the red bulb . the room bath in red light safe for printing . the negative be laid onto the open camera back and jan hold a torch above to shine light through the negative . the negative be project through the lens and appear onto the board below . josef turn the focus knob and a negative image come into sharp focus on the printing easel - a home make enlarger . the torch be switch off and paper place into the easel . the torch be switch back on and then off for a exposure . the printing paper be then place into a fry pan fill with develop chemical and gently rock . a image of a Prague street slowly start to appear on the printing paper . int . moravec flat , kitchen - evening 55 mrs moravec be do the dish with marie do the drying . in the background we hear ata practice the violin . int . moravec flat , BOX room - evening 56 jan and josef sit look through the photo that josef take with the rolleicord . Street of the route heydrich take to work everyday . on the edge of each photo be a out of focus lenka . josef take a magnify glass and study the photo in minute detail . close up of photo - the sharp turn from kirchmayerstrasse into klein holeschowitzerstrasse . josef so , in the morning he approach from that direction and then turn here to he right . ( beat ) it 's a pretty sharp turn . he would have to slow down quite a bit . jan it 's the slowest part of the whole route . josef ( nod ) we be not go to find anywhere better . anthropoid v20 : 48 57 58 jan ( shrug ) perhaps not perfect , but you be right , nowhere better . they regard each other and be in agreement . josef look down at the photo and see the final photo he take of lenka . it stop he and he regards it for a second . josef separate the photo from the rest and place it in he wallet . jan notice . josef stand . int . moravec flat , MAIN room - evening 57 ata stand in front of a music sheet stand practice as josef enter the room . josef watch ata perform . ata finish the piece and look at josef . josef I need to see uncle . can you let he know ? ata nod . mr moravec enter the front door . he see josef talk closely to ata and he see ata nodd in affirmation . ata and josef look over at mr moravec . a moment pause and then josef head back to he room and ata start play the violin . mr moravec look concerned . int . uncle hajsky 's rented flat —- morning 58 jan sit whittling the wood and look up inspect marie who sit opposite try to reassemble jan 's pistol . jan breach over the lock . ( beat ) slide and release . she complete the action . jan there you go . marie smile at learn the action . marie tell I what London be like . jan ( reminisc ) I and josef only go once . there be a blackout in place and then a blitz raid . ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 49 jan ( cont 'd ) the London Underground be use as air raid shelter and we spend the night there listen to the English sing they song . there be three knock follow by one knock on the window . jan stop and marie go to the window and open it . the repairman pass the envelope through . he look past marie and lock eye with jan . jan ' 's Pov of the repairman be interrupt by the net curtain blow in the wind . the repairman then leave and continue to work . marie hand it to jan . jan switch he attention to the envelope . open it : jan 9.17 - 4.42 without . jan write it down on the sheet . we see that there be at least eight such entry time on the sheet . jan run he hand through he hair and exhales a frustrated breath . marie look at jan . jan I do not see any pattern . the start time be consistent but the armed escort seem to be pot luck . ( beat ) some day yes , some day they be on they own . marie be you really go to go through with this ? jan we have we order . marie so you kill heydrich . what then ? you think there be not more like he ? they come and the kill continue , even worse than it do before . ( beat ) when do it stop ? jan I wish I have a answer for you . you think any of this make sense to I ? ( beat ) thing use to be simple . ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 50 59 jan ( cont 'd ) I work at a paper factory . clock in at eight , clock out at five . wage on a Friday and a drink with the boy . a date on Saturday , go to the picture on Sunday . ( beat ) now I have be give order to assassinate a high rank ss officer that very few of we will have any chance of walk away from . marie hold a clench fist to she chest as if in pain . jan take marie then let 's walk away now . let 's just leave . jan and go where , Marie ? you think we can escape from what be happen ? pretend this madness be not real ? marie some day , I be not even sure it be real . heydrich choke the people of this city with a blanket of fear . people shot for what ? they race ? they religion ? they cigarettes ? ( beat ) and my father say we be lucky as the Germans need the Czech people and they factory to make armament . ( start to cry ) you hear the storey about Poland . she hand . jan shhh , Marie , it 's okay . they be suddenly very close , look at one another . marie ( search Jan 's eye ) we be teach ' thou shall not kill 's and yet here we be plan to kill someone . just tell I we be do the right thing . that two wrong will somehow make a right ? jan search she eye for the longest time . ext . CITY park — day 59 josef and lenka walk through the mist cover park . the tree seem like black statue . anthropoid v20 : 51 lenka look over josef . New line of stress have appear on he face . josef I think it 's my turn to apologize to you about the other morning . ( beat ) you be right to be angry . we should have tell you what be at risk . ( beat ) to give you the choice to walk away . lenka ( ironic huff ) walk away ? ( beat ) opinion be divide as to what constitute resistance . ( beat ) many have get use to german rule . ( beat ) many be just scared . josef but not you . lenka 's turn to give josef a silent glance . josef you know you way around a pistol . lenka my father be a captain in the army . ( beat ) want son but get three daughter . ( beat ) he and many other be arrest in ' 39 when Germany take control of Czechoslovakia . ( beat ) when heydrich first take power here last September , he first order be to execute all the prisoner . josef I be sorry . lenka my father be among five thousand of the best military and academic mind shot in the first week by heydrich . ( beat ) afterwards , people start to call heydrich the butcher of Prague . ( beat ) so , for I , there be no walk away , heydrich be worth the risk . anthropoid v20 : 52 josef give she a look . she , like many people , have lose a lot since the invasion of Czechoslovakia . lenka nod . there be a man sit on a bench read a newspaper . josef and lenka sit on the bench next to he and we see it 's uncle hajsky . lenka sit in the middle and josef act as if he be talk to lenka but he 's actually talk to uncle hajsky . josef we have check the route . ( beat ) we think we know how to do it . uncle hajsky what will you need ? josef we be go to need opalka , valcik and curda . uncle hajsky ok . I will arrange a meeting at the café the day after tomorrow , 3 pm . josef we original contact address here in Prague be oldrich novak . do you ever find out who have inform the gestapo about he ? uncle hajsky shake he head no . josef who be he direct handler ? uncle hajsky vanek ladislav . josef and ladislav ? how long have he be part of the jindra resistance ? uncle hajsky he be one of the first . josef you trust he ? uncle hajsky ( think ) yes . why ? josef he be one most oppose to what we have to do . anthropoid v20 : 53 60 61 uncle hajsky he fear reprisal . josef from the gestapo if he do not inform they or from jindra if he do ? josef stand and lenka follow . josef ( lighting a cigarette ) when a man do not want to rock the boat , you have to ask what be he afraid of ? a long pause as uncle hajsky think about it . uncle hajsky I 'il look into it . josef and lenka continue they stroll through the park . int . uncle hajsky's rented flat - day 60 josef and lenka enter the flat . jan and marie be nowhere to be see . a soft click noise and we see a gramophone , the record finish , the needle catch . lenka pick up the needle and look at the record that be play . she smile and put the needle back to the beginning of the record . josef open the door to the bedroom . jan stand by the bed pull he trouser brace over he shoulder , he shirt undone . marie be in the bed . she pull the sheet over she naked breast . the music start in the background . josef sorry . he close the door and look at lenka . a brief moment pass before they before they both try and make themselves busy . int . cafe slavia - afternoon 61 steam pour from a large antiquated coffee machine . jan and josef enter with lenka and marie . the girl take a seat at the table near the window . anthropoid v20 : 54 62 josef and jan nod to the proprietor behind the counter as they go to the back room . int . cafe slavia , safe room — afternoon 62 opalka , valcik be drink cikorka . uncle hajsky and ladislav at the table . josef and jan join they . curda guard the curtain at the café doorway . josef take out a map of Prague and spread it on the table . josef we have check every inch of he route from he home to the castle . ( point at the map ) here ... opalka check the map . josef corner of kirchmayerstrasse into klein holeschowitzerstrasse . opalka nod . opalka his car would have to slow down to take that corner . josef really slow down . ( beat ) he take it at about 10 mile per hour . jan we have look everywhere else and we think this be the only place it can be do . opalka ( check the area on the map ) you have good exit route . the busy street will add to the confusion and cover you escape . jan we average out all he morning arrival time and can expect he at approximately 9.30 be . opalka weapon ? josef at that range ? the sten gun should hit everything within the car . anthropoid v20 : 55 jan we also have two model 73 anti-tank grenade . ( beat ) we may need more than the gun to stop the vehicle . the grenade can be rig to explode on impact . uncle hajsky and the armed escort ? there be a slight pause . josef look at jan . jan we have find no pattern for the armed escort . some day he have it , some day he do not . josef valcik , we be go to need a look out fifty yard up the road here . ( tap the map ) we will need a early signal to know if the armed escort be with he or not . valcik nod . opalka and if it be ? josef then we stand down and await the next day . ladislav comrade , you know I have be against this action from the start . I can not give the go-ahead without ask London to reconsider . glance be exchange between uncle hajsky and josef . curda I be with ladislav . we should get London to rethink we position here in Prague . josef we have we order . curda it 's easy for London to give order - it 's we life on the line ... ladislav ( overlap ) then at least wait for be - confirmation . anthropoid v20 : 56 63 josef it 's take four month just to get this far . ( beat ) London need action ... ladislav then a few more day will not make a difference . ( look to valcik ) valcik ? how long before you can get to the transmitter . valcik we can get to the transmitter the day after tomorrow . then a couple of day for London to transmit back the answer . uncle hajsky then that be settle . remain at the moravecs 's place . i’1l contact you through ata . grave look be exchange from the divide man . int . moravec flat , MAIN room - night 63 Close up of a birthday cake with 19 candle . everyone congratulate ata on he birthday . the cake be place in front of ata . he blow out the candle - a moment darkness . clap and cheer - a brief mood of merriment within so much repression . marie turn on the light of the live room . jan , josef , marie , lenka , mr and mrs moravec all present as the cake be cut and distribute . wine glass show that all be relaxed and in good cheer . ata thank you ! josef raise a glass to ata . jan have he arm around marie and he look slightly drunk as he knock back he glass of wine . he whisper something in she ear and then ' ting 's he wine glass with a tea spoon . jan ata , I know tonight be you party but I just want to make a little announcement . anthropoid v20 : 57 64 jan clear he throat and smile at marie . jan I have ask Marie to marry I and she have say yes . more clap and word of congratulation be speak . josef smile but it fade to a dark look that he try to cover . lenka notice it , and josef see that she have see it - look away . int . moravec flat , BOX room - later . 64 josef stand in front of a mirror shave . mind deep in think . in the background jan enter the room . he be drunk . sway . josef watch he in the mirror , the elephant in the room be put he off he shave . jan regards he . josef wipe he face with a towel and face jan . josef you know why we be here right ? ( beat ) what we be about to do ? jan nod , eye try to focus on josef as he process the think and regrettably nod . josef then what the fuck be you do ? jan lose in think , then a hopeful look at josef . jan who be to say it will not happen ? ( beat ) London call it off . josef they will not . ( beat ) we be too close and London know it . Jan start to emotionally break a little . josef step forward and grab the lapel of he jacket . josef you get to lock that away . ( beat ) I do not want you emotion affect you judgement and jeopardize the operation . anthropoid v20 : 58 65 jan nod . come back to focus and put on a brave face . jan I have to think that there be a way through this . ( beat ) that when this be all over , there will be a normal life wait for we . the way thing use to be . ( beat ) Marie make I feel that there be hope . ( beat ) I love she . josef do not have a answer . he have nothing similar that give he strength other than the mission itself . maybe he be even a little envious that jan have this . he release he grip on jan 's lapel . int . uncle hajsky's rented flat - day . 65 josef sit at the table . the sten gun in 4 piece laid out before he . he be slotting the weapon back together blindfolded . he do it quickly place the finish gun on the table . jan look at he watch . jan 15 second but you do not add the gunstock . josef remove the blind fold . josef lighter and smaller without it ( beat ) ok . I will try do under my coat . lenka and marie watch on as josef take the gun apart again . later and we see a series of close up shot of the model 73 anti-tank grenade be take apart and replace with new pencil fuse . jan the model 73 be just too big . sweat pour from jan 's face as he concentrate on the explosive . jan take the explosive from the model 73 and fit it into cout down water canteen and tape it up with tape . he finish the delicate work and slowly slide they across the table . anthropoid v20 : 59 66 67 jan have the idea to transfer the model 73 into water canteen for better portability . josef seem impressed . jan ( place the finish item in front ) rigged for impact detonation . josef do not drop they ... jan move he hand and knock one of the model 73 grenade over , it roll and fall off the edge of the table . josef dive for it and catch it before it hit the ground . jan look down at josef on he back with amusement . jan that 's the empty one . they both start to laugh nerviously . int . moravec flat , MAIN room - evening 66 jan , josef , mrs moravec and mr moravec be sit around the crowded table . the meal be come to a end . ata enter and take a seat . he see he father lighting he pipe and slide a envelope across the table towards josef . ata ( whisper ) from uncle . josef take the envelope and nod . int . moravec flat , BOX room - evening 67 josef open the envelope and take a piece of paper from it . the page full of letter like a letter puzzle . he hold it up to the light and jan take the decoder paper we see earlier from under the bed and small book . josef start to decode the message . look at sentence in a book and count the letter he start to decode the message . josef a-n-t-h-r-o-p-o-i- D. ( beat ) p-r-o-c-e-e-d. s-t-o-p. ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 60 68 69 josef ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) u-p-m-o-s-t . i-m-p-o-r-t-a-n-c-e . jan be that it ? ( beat ) nothing about get we out afterwards ? josef we complete the mission and await further instruction from London . jan London know this be a probable suicide mission ... a long pause between the man as they consider this . it 's interrupt by three sudden knock at the front door . knock ! knock ! knock ! jan and josef grab they gun . then : knock ! jan it 's uncle . int . moravec flat , hallway - evening 68 josef open the front door . uncle hajsky and ladislav stand there . they let they in . they look slightly panicked . int . moravec flat , dine room - evening 69 the man stand around the dining table . uncle hajsky we have a problem . ( beat ) one of we spy within the heydrich house have read a piece of correspondence that have order heydrich back to Berlin . ( beat ) within the household there have be conversation about a new posting to Paris . ( beat ) it mean that after he leave for Berlin he may not be back . jan when do he leave ? uncle hajsky 28th May . anthropoid v20 : 61 panicked look . jan that 's the day after tomorrow ! uncle hajsky tomorrow morning will be you only chance . ( beat ) after that he be go for good . look be exchange . josef then we have no choice . we do it tomorrow . ladislav take a long look at uncle . silence . jan what be it ? uncle hajsky vanek here receive a transmission from London . jan and ? ladislav they agree with my request to stand down the mission . he take a piece of paper from he pocket and read : ladislav we believe we see the situation clearly , therefore , give the situation , any action against official of the german Reich do not come into consideration . let jindra group know . jan look hopefully at josef . josef uncle give we a code message from London . we mission have not change . we be to go ahead as plan . ladislav but this clearly state you must stand down . josef that message be not for we and we do not recognize it as a direct order to stand down . anthropoid v20 : 62 ladislav then at least wait for we to clarify it . it may have supercede you order . josef we do not have the luxury of time . after tomorrow heydrich be go . uncle hajsky I have to agree with josef . that transmission do not read like a direct order and I believe it be send to settle nerve within the jindra group . a long silence , then ladislav gather he thing . ladislav I know you all doubt I . suspect I of collaboration . uncle hajsky ladislav vanek ... please stop uncle ... ladislav I know you have have I follow . ( beat ) I understand you do not trust I but you have be plan this mission for the last five month . if I be a informer for the gestapo , you think you would still be here ? do you ? josef then why be you so against it ? ( beat ) what be you afraid of ? ladislav give a huff with a shake of the head . ladislav and Jesus ask he , '' what be you name ? '' he reply , '' my name be legion , for we be many . ( beat ) what kind of retribution be fitting for the man that may be the devil himself . ( beat ) I fear Czechoslovakia will be wipe from the map . ( beat ) you ask I if I be afraid ? ( beat ) yes , I be afraid . a pregnant pause hang in the air . ladislav turn on he heel and leave , pass Mr. moravec as he enter the dinning room . anthropoid v20 : 63 70 the raise voice have clearly wake Mr. moravec from he sleep . mr moravec what be go on here ? jan I be sorry Mr. moravec . please go back to bed . a long tense moment . mr moravec I know what you be plan to do . ( beat ) we be all resisting in we own way . but I must think of my family first . ( beat ) I would like you both go from here after tomorrow . the man nod and Mr. moravec finally leave . josef ( back to uncle ) we do it tomorrow morning . as plan . uncle hajsky and if he have a armed escort ? ( beat ) we can not stand down and wait another day ... a few tense look . josef get word to opalka , curda and valcik . if there be a escort then they can keep they busy but the first bullet have to be for heydrich . ( beat ) tell they to be on the corner at 8 be . uncle hajsky give a sad but reassure smile . uncle hajsky May God be with you . uncle hajsky and ladislav turn and leave . int . moravec flat , BOX room - night 70 josef place the weapon on a small table . josef examine the sten gun . he remove the stock to make it short . anthropoid v20 : 64 josef clear the chamber of the sten , clock it and release the trigger . the hammer make a hollow click . he dismantle it into 3 piece and place it in a black bag , and then place some straw over the top to hide it . jan it 's tomorrow ! ? jan be pace again like a cage animal . he be try to deep breathe but the wall seem to be crash inwards . frustration of the uncertainty of what lay ahead . panic attack fast approach . hyperventilate and muscle cramp . jan it 's tomorrow ! ? josef go to he but jan push he away . jan ( break down ) I do not want to die tomorrow . josef grab he and try to restrain he . jan resist . a vase be knock from the side table and smashes on the floor . josef get behind jan and control a slide down the wall until they be both sit on the floor . josef behind jan . mrs . moravec come in . josef hold one hand up to she . josef it 's okay , it 's okay ... mrs . moravec look worried but nod and leave the room . josef hey ! hey ! breathe ! with me.t ( beat ) Big breathe in . ( beat ) Big breathe out . grab a clip and a box of ammo from the table . josef here ! look , as we be train . josef load a bullet into the clip . josef Nice and easy . you do it . jan start to load a bullet in to the clip . josef that 's it . easy do it . and again . jan load another . the panic attack subside . anthropoid v20 : 65 71 72 73 josef there you go . ( beat ) it 's ok . breathe , concentrate on the detail . it 's a incredibly tender and heart - break scene . we have never see jan this vulnerable before and we have never see josef this caring . jan I have shot at man in the field . ( beat ) never kill one up close . josef we have a job to do . people be count on we . jan if he do have a armed escort tomorrow ... josef we must send a clear message that we be not afraid . that Czechoslovakia be not afraid . ( beat ) whatever the outcome for we , heydrich must die . a pause . josef nod he head . jan look into space for a second and then nod he head in agreement . int . moravec flat , BOX room - night 71 two bed on the floor . Soft moonlight bathes the room . a clock gently tick . jan and josef 's eye be wide open and stare up at the ceiling . each lose in thought of the mission . ext . prague panorama - dawn . 72 a high - angle panoramic shot of the city of Prague . int . moravec flat , dine room - morning . 73 jan and josef enter the dining room with they coat and briefcase . mrs moravec stand and begin to gather the dish . ata eat breakfast and mr . moravec give jan and josef a dark look . anthropoid v20 : 66 74 75 awkward silence . mrs moravec take the plate out to the kitchen . jan follow she out . int . moravec flat , kitchen - evening 74 mrs moravec start to wash the dish . she be suddenly aware that jan be look at she . they exchange a glance . jan hand mrs moravec the small figure he have carve in wood . mrs moravec look at the figure in she palm . close up of the figure . it 's a wooden figure of a german ss officer . she suddenly understand , swallow hard . mrs moravec then look across to ata who be wiping he plate with a crust of bread unaware of what have just take place , but he must know . mrs moravec place the figurine into the front pocket of she pinafore and brushes some imagine crumb from she dress . she nod in confirmation . mrs moravec lean on the counter for support . jan , both silent . she look at ext . moravec build - early jan and josef walk across the two bicycle be park . they street and find lenka wait occupy and do not take she jan notice . jan morning 75 street and to a alley where pull the bicycle into the there . she look deeply pre - eye off josef . I will wait for you up the street . jan walk off and leave lenka and josef face each other . lenka uncle say we be not need for a while . ( beat ) it 's today , josef nod . a long pause hang in the air lenka promise I - be not it ? between the two of they . anthropoid v20 : 67 76 she stop halfway through she sentence . she know that nobody can promise anything in time like this . they eye lock . time almost freeze . josef step forward and kiss she . his action quick . his body almost swallow she up . and then he be go . lenka find gravity again with a sound of expell breath . josef now stride off in to the distance . do not look back . ext . kirchmayerstrasse —- morning 76 josef and jan cycle down the street . ahead they see valcik and opalka stand by a tram stop . josef and jan park they bicycle against a fence . the four man meet and light cigarettes as if they be just normal man ready to start they day 's journey to work . jan ( check watch ) we have plenty of time . 8.25 . ( beat ) where be curda ? opalka and valcik shrug . curda be miss . josef ( lighting cigarette ) valcik , you take to the hill up there . ( check the sky ) we have some sun so take this mirror . ( beat ) if he approach without a armed escort then use it to signal this . valcik and if he do ? josef then light a cigarette . ( beat ) when the car slow to take the corner I will step out and open fire with the sten . my action will signal the attack . ( beat ) Jan , stand behind the attack point so you can throw the grenade at the armed escort if there be one . ( beat ) opalka , when you see the car approach , try a slow walk across the street , see if you can slow he down even further before he take the corner . ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 68 josef ( cont 'd ) ( opalka nod ) good luck . the man disperse to they agree station . josef and jan take a seat on a nearby bench . josef take the part of the sten gun from the black bag and re-assemble they under he raincoat which be drape across he leg . valcik have take up he position further along from where he will get the first sight of heydrich . he look at he watch : 9.05 . opalka look up towards valcik then across to where josef and jan be sit . josef pull the fire pin back on the sten . the hollow sound indicate that the weapon be cocked and ready . jan all good ? josef good . they both stand up . there be a moment between they . everything have lead to this . they give a nod . josef nod and jan turn towards he position further up klein holeschowitzerstrasse . jan look across to opalka and nod as several tram arrive and disgorge passenger . a woman pass push a pram . a man hobble by on crutch . two young lover walk by hand in hand . a car honk its horn . a horse pull a cart load with scrap metal . this be Prague , a live city . on the verge of a major event . josef and jan look up to valcik wait for a signal . jan look at he wristwatch : 10.10 . jan look over to josef who give a shrug . jan look down . his hand start to shake uncontrollably . he grab he wrist and try to stop it . his breathe be heavy . jan ( to himself ) breathe , as we be train ... anthropoid v20 : 69 he look up . valcik at the top of the street suddenly turn and give the signal , a mirror flash the reflection of the morning sun across the face of jan and josef . heydrich be approach and without a armed escort ! josef step out to the corner of the street with the sten gun conceal under he drape coat . jan open the brief case and grab a grenade ready to throw . two tram come to a halt on the opposite side of the road . heydrich 's mercede speed over the hill and down kirchmayerstrasse . jan look at the mercede as it start to slow down . jan 's Pov : as opalka cross the street in front of the mercede . the mercede break and sound its horn at opalka . josef see the mercede approach he and the turn . jan ' 's Pov of the mercede approach josef and the turn . josef step into the road . the mercede be now only several yard away as it approach he . josef throw off the coat cover the sten gun , raise it and aim at heydrich who be sit in the open front passenger seat . heydrich 's Pov . josef loom ahead , sten gun in hand . josef have the target in point blank range . a sure thing . time slow down . josef pull the trigger . '' click '' . it be a single hollow sound that come from the sten gun . it have jammed ! josef pull the trigger again ... '' click '' . in slow motion and in close up josef re-cock the fire pin - a piece of straw be see catch within the breach . '' click '' . klein ( heydrich 's driver ) scheisse ! heydrich see this and immediately grab he pistol . anthropoid v20 : 70 heydrich halten das auto ! heydrich stand up with he pistol and aim at josef . jan 's Pov of heydrich stand aim he pistol at the freeze josef . josef pull at the trigger again - '' click '' . jan ( scream ) run ! jan step forward and throw a grenade at the mercede . josef throw down the sten and stare down the barrel of heydrich 's gun . boooom ! jan ' 's grenade explode at the rear of the vehicle . the blast throw up a shower of fragment from the car some of which hit jan in the face . from inside a nearby tram , the blast from the bomb shatter all the window shower the passenger with glass . there be shout and scream from the daze and frighten passenger . a angle from within the tram . we see the driver klein fire he pistol at jan . jan 's escape be block by a now crowded road . blood pour from a cut above he eye . he fire shot into the air to clear a path through . he mount he bicycle and pedal off furiously . behind he valcik have pull a pistol and fire two shot at klein . klein duck and return four shot . one hit valcik in the thigh and he go down . klein then turn and see : jan get away on the bicycle . klein step forward and fire two shot . but jan be cover by the crowd and two of they get catch in the cross fire . a clear path open up for klein and a good shot at jan be lose as jan disappear round the corner of a building . heydrich be now out of the car and be hold he pistol , but he be in great pain . he have be hit somewhere . anthropoid v20 : 71 77 heydrich stagger towards josef and fire several shot at he . the shot be return by josef from behind a telegraph pole . heydrich then collapse as klein appear beside he . josef fire two quick round but they miss klein and heydrich . klein run at josef fire he pistol . josef run up the hill with klein in pursuit . klein go to fire at josef but he gun be empty . josef fire a couple of shot back at klein but fail to hit he . valcik be back up and attempt to run from the scene with a bad limp . heydrich be slump against the side of the car . pale. labour breathe . the camera track off he and track into the passenger seat . a hole have be blow through the seat and its horse hair stuff be expose . blood slowly drip from the horse hair . drip , drip , drip ... reaching the bottom of the hill josef see a butcher 's shop and hope he can find refuge there . he run towards it . int . butcher 's shop - morning 77 a small shop with the butcher cut meat on a block . josef rush in and the butcher be immediately alarmed by he presence and attempt to throw he out . josef point he colt semi-automatic at he and the butcher run out into the street . josef go through to the back of the shop and find that there be no rear entrance . he return to the front of the shop and look out . Pov through the shop window - josef see the butcher talk to klein and gesticulate towards he shop . time be run out for josef . he must act soon . he run from the shop gun aim . he have catch klein unawares . klein raise he gun and fire but josef be quick and shoot at he twice , hit he in the leg and hip as klein drop to the ground . josef run out down the street and into a alley . anthropoid v20 : 72 78 79 80 81 ext . prague STREET - morning 78 josef emerge from the alley and run for a move tram . he catch up and jump on board . int . tram —- morning 79 josef be out of breath . he move up the tram and take a seat . he throw a few nervous glance around the tram but nobody seem to be pay he any attention . the tram gain distance from the chaotic scene behind . ext . prague STREET , town square - morning 80 the tram come to a stop and josef step off . he look around try to get he bearing and set off ina northerly direction . ext . moravec build - morning . 81 as josef approach the building he see curda wait outside . he seem greatly agitate . josef where be you curda ? curda I do not think you be really go to do it . josef grab he by the collar , look like he be go to smash he face in . curda it 's all over the radio . ( beat ) you shot he ?! josef clenches he jaw in anger and then release he . curda the radio say that 20,000 ss troops have be draft in to look for we . ( beat ) I have to get my family out of Prague . josef no one be go anywhere . you try and flee now they will pick you up before you get to the city limit . go back to you family , batten down the hatches and stay calm . stay out of sight and keep you mouth shut . think you can do that ? ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 73 82 83 josef ( cont 'd ) ( off curda 's nod ) now get out of my sight . int . moravec flat , MAIN room - day 82 josef enter . jan be already there . he be sit on a bench as mrs moravec treat he wound with iodine . jan be weaken and greatly agitate . do they or do they not succeed ? a heavy silence hang in the air between they . josef slowly shake he head in utter disbelief of the event that have just happen . josef lose it and swipe some tin of food off a shelf . josef kurva ! jan he be definitely wounded . josef kurva ! the sten gun ! that bloody sten gun ! ( beat ) I have he ! josef point a invisible sten gun into space . his imagination relive the moment . josef ( softly imagine ) I bloody have he ... ( then angry ) he be right there ! mrs moravec finish attend to jan 's face and stand , put away she thing . silence hang heavy in the room . int . moravec flat , BOX room - day 83 knock ! knock ! knock ! jan and josef sit bolt upright and grab they gun . then a single knock ! jan open the door a crack , pistol aim . jan 's Pov : we see uncle hajasky . anthropoid v20 : 74 84 int . moravec flat , BOX room - day . 84 the three man and mrs moravec sit around talk in hushed tone . uncle hajsky what go wrong out there ? josef stare into space , deject . siren be hear outside . jan look out the window from behind the curtain . jan' Pov : a street scene with german soldier march , several german vehicle , siren screeching . jan turn from the window . jan look like the whole of Prague be crawl with Germans . uncle hajsky it be to be expect . jan we do not even kill he ! uncle hajsky wound . jan how bad ? uncle hajsky ( shrug ) it be hard to say . the ss still have the hospital surround so , presumably , he 's still alive . the Germans have more man and gun up there than they have on the Eastern front . uncle hajsky go to the radio and switch it on . german be hear , follow by the Czech translation . radio announcer ( v.o . ) Karl Frank have temporarily take heydrich 's place and have proclaim a state of emergency and a curfew . ( beat ) a reward of ten million crown will be give to any information that lead to the arrest of the criminal . ( beat ) anyone catch aid the criminal will be shot with he entire family . uncle hajsky switch it off . anthropoid v20 : 75 uncle hajsky all radio station be transmit the same message continually . jan give mrs . moravec a concerned look . uncle hajsky nothing be leave or enter Prague . ( beat ) the bicycle you use have be find . it have blood upon it . also you briefcase . the Germans have put this in the window of the big bata shop in the city centre to see if anyone recognise they . ( beat ) they have also take several thousand hostage and be shoot people in the street . ( beat ) all home owner must declare to the police all person stay with they who have not already be report . ( beat ) failure to do so will be punishable by death . ( beat ) what this mean to you be that you can no longer remain here . there be no safe house leave any more . mrs moravec and uncle hajsky share a look . jan where do we go ? mrs moravec I have ask Father Vladimir petrek , he be the dean of the Orthodox Church . jan where be he go to hide we ? in heaven ? mrs moravec the cathedral of Saints cyril and Methodius . uncle hajsky he have agree to hide all the parachutist until we can return you to London . josef give jan a look . mrs moravec I will pack you some warm clothes and blanket . anthropoid v20 : 76 85 86 87 88 jan and josef nod and the man shake hand . uncle hajsky Rest here tonight . I will be back to pick you up first thing in the morning . uncle hajsky leave . int . moravec flat , BOX room - morning 85 josef wake to the sound of hysterical crying come from the room next door . he wake jan and place a finger to he mouth as a signal . they grab they pistol and flank the door . int . moravec flat , MAIN room —- morning 86 jan and josef enter the main room and see mrs moravec consol marie . marie look up and see jan . go to he . slump into he arm . jan what be it ? mrs moravec look from jan to josef . sadness in she eye . mrs moravec it 's lenka . ext . prague STREET - day ( flashback ) 87 no SOUND - marie exit the tram and see lenka down the street . close up - lenka smile at marie and wave . to the side , german soldier pour out of two truck and start to round people up . the expression on marie 's and lenka 's face instantly change . lenka be cut off from marie . lenka look around . she turn on she heel and start to walk fast to try and get away from the madness . omitted 88 anthropoid v20 : 77 89 90 91 87b 92 93 int . moravec flat , MAIN room - morning 89 mrs moravec the Germans be round up random hostage off the street . ext . prague STREET - day ( flashback ) 90 lenka 's walk suddenly turn into a run . the camera just in front of she and keep up with she . the sound of she breath . in the background we can hear a german scream halt ! a intense sound building until : omitted 91 ext . prague STREET - day ( flashback ) 87b loud machine gun fire make marie jump and she cover she mouth with she hand . CUT back to : int . moravec flat , MAIN room —- morning 92 mrs moravec she be shot try to escape . josef close he eye . for a second we see lenka 's hair gently blow in the wind in slow motion . lenka 's dead hand hang limp . blood drip from the finger tip . back with josef . anger on he face . he look at marie . marie 's face puffy from cry . her eye scared . he stride off to they room . jan follow . int . moravec flat , BOX room 93 josef collect he weapon . load they . cock they . jan enter the room and see what he be do . jan josef ! ( beat ) josef ! stop ! josef make to leave and jan block he path . josef out of my way . anthropoid v20 : 78 94 95 josef try to push past but jan grab he . the two of they suddenly in a fight . fist be throw and block . they grapple until a stale mate be find , both man breathe hard . jan josef , listen to I . ( beat ) what if they take you alive ? ( beat ) you be risk everyone that have help we and for what ? to shoot a few soldier ? ( josef struggle against Jan 's grip ) stop ! she 's gone ! josef it 's all my fault . ( beat ) I try to kill heydrich ( beat ) but I kill she ! jan it 's not you fault . josef break down and start to cry . jan hold he . jan ( softly ) I be sorry ... josef sob into jan 's shoulder . int . moravec flat , MAIN room - later 94 a clock tick . mrs moravec , ata , marie , jan and josef sit and stand in the room in silence - wait . Three knock then one knock at the front door . ata go and let in uncle hajsky . uncle hajsky it 's time ... marie hug jan . she do not want to let go . josef stand in front of mrs moravec . both they eye red . his emotion break through for a second as he move forward and hug she . a tear run down she face . last look and jan and josef leave with uncle hajsky . ext . prague street - afternoon 95 a flurry of action as german army truck unload soldier . people be stop on the street . distant gun shot be hear . anthropoid v20 : 79 96 97 several street . various angle as josef and jan follow uncle hajsky at a discreet distance from one another . they follow he towards they new hide place . german soldier be greatly in evidence . loud speaker echo instruction regard the curfew now in place . ext . resslova STREET - afternoon 96 uncle hajsky stop and wait for josef and jan to catch up with he . uncle hajsky this be the cathedral of Saints cyril and Methodius . go through that entrance . Father petrek will greet you . ( beat ) ata will be bring you food . ( beat ) ladislav be work with London on you exit plan . ( beat ) I know this maybe be not what you want to hear at present but ... ( beat ) I regret nothing . you be two of the bravest man I have ever meet . a pause between the man and then uncle hajsky leave . josef and jan watch he leave and then turn towards the cathedral . [ note : hereafter the Cathedral of Saints cyril and Methodius be refer to as just the cathedral . ] int . cathedral , nave - afternoon 97 the magnificent main part of the cathedral with the altar at the end . a balcony high above run around the nave . josef and jan enter the cathedral and stand in admiration look at the fitting and decoration . they both cross themselves . the silence weigh heavily upon they . footstep be hear . father ( Vladimir ) petrek approach . he be a tall angular man with deep set eye , a moustache and goatee beard . he be in he early fifty . he have a gentle but direct manner . father petrek I be Father petrek . welcome . ( beat ) please follow I . father petrek lead they to the side of the entrance where he raise a carpet to reveal a two foot square flagstone with a metal ring in the centre . jan pull up the flagstone ' door 's . it reveal a ladder . anthropoid v20 : 80 father petrek this be we ' hide 's crypt . you will be safe there . he usher they down . father petrek I have to go now . jan thank you , Father . josef yes , thank you , Father . father petrek until later . 98 int . cathedral , crypt - afternoon josef and jan descend the step into the crypt . 98 the crypt measure some fifty by twelve foot and be around ten foot high . it be make of stone . there be square - shape nich in the wall where coffin be once place . at some time in the past the coffin have be remove and the nich become ossuary . at the bottom valcik limp over with opalka to greet they . valcik you make it ! josef what happen to you leg ? valcik be catch in the crossfire . just a scratch . there be a solemn air to they reunion . opalka I be sorry it be not the outcome we all hope for . josef none more than we ... then three other member of the resistance , svarc , bublik , and hruby appear . introduction and greeting be exchange . opalka ( to josef and Jan ) this be svarc , bublik and hruby . they be from the airdrop this spring . ( beat ) boredom may be the biggest enemy we have here . ( more ) anthropoid v20 : 81 99 opalka ( cont 'd ) I be suggest three man on guard duty in the nave balcony at all time . ( beat ) we rotate every six hour . all of the man nod they head . opalka bublik , svarc , come with I . we will take first watch . josef and jan begin clear they live space in the wall nich . jan continue clear out the bone . he stop for a moment and look up . High on the wall be a rectangular open on to the street , measure about five foot by one , the only ventilation for the crypt . we hear the sound of a loud speaker echoing a looped message in both Czech ( English ) and german . ext . prague street - day 99 the Germans put up reward sign and appeal for information all over Prague . leaflet be give out in the street . the appeal be in shop window . people be interrogate in the street , beat , march off , arrest . the bicycle , coat and brief case that be use in the assassination attempt be display in the bata shop window . there be a sign in the window . it read : reward of 10,000,000 crown 1 . who can provide information on the criminal ? 2 . who see they at the scene of the crime ? 3 . to whom do this object belong ? whoever be able to provide this information and who fail to do so voluntarily will be shot with he family . furthermore , from May 28 , 1942 , all owner of house , apartment , hotel , etc , in the protektorate must declare to the police all person stay with they who have not already be report . failure to do so will be punishable by death . ss — obergruppenfuhrer Chief of Police K. H. Frank . anthropoid v20 : 82 100 101 102 it 's no small amount . the crowd outside the shop window hustle to see the item use in the attack . amongst they we catch sight of a man look at the item . people cross the frame and obscure he but the camera be tracking in and he start to fill the frame . the line of sight be now clear of people and we clearly see who it be . it 's curda . int . cathedral - day . ata enter the Cathedral carry a basket and cross himself at the alter . he then go to the confession box and enter . the central partition open and we see jan . ata ( indicate the basket ) I bring you food . jan thanks ata . the empty basket be under the bench in there . ( beat ) have you see Marie ? ata shake he head no . jan can you get a message to she ? I need to see she . ata nod . he leave with the empty basket the same way he enter . int . cathedral , crypt - morning 100 jan be stand upon a small wooden ladder and peer out of the rectangular open high up on the wall . jan 's Pov : a crowded busy street . many Germans in evidence . int . cathedral , caretaker 's office - day 101 on guard duty , opalka wander into the caretaker 's office . he take a look around . a filing cabinet . opalka open the top drawer and take a look . in the second drawer he take a file . Inside be the plan of the church . he hold they up to the light and start to study they . int . cathedral , crypt - day 102 opalka and hruby stride up to the end of the crypt . jan and josef be on lookout . anthropoid v20 : 83 103 opalka ( point ) Beyond this brickwork and masonry there be a large main sewer that empty into the river . josef how do you know ? opalka I find some plan in the caretaker 's office . ( beat ) if we can chisel through this masonry and get to the sewer we have a mean of escape if we need it . jan escape to where ? opalka until the british send plan for we rescue we be stick here . ( beat ) should we be discover here then there be no way out . I would like we to have this option . ( beat ) we would then take we chance on the street . jan , josef and the other nod . it 's a good plan . opalka two of we will be work here at all time . int . cathedral , nave - day 103 josef , jan and opalka be on the balcony . they be all behind column but with a clear view down the entire length of the cathedral . there be footstep across the church floor . they look and see it 's father petrek . he take the stair up to the balcony . they greet a out of breath father petrek at the top . father petrek I have news . a long pause as the man await the news . father petrek heydrich die yesterday in the hospital . jan you sure of this ? anthropoid v20 : 84 110 129 father petrek yes . the Germans have announce this . prepations be under way for a state funeral . the body be to be send back to Berlin . another pause . father petrek find that responsible for this act may be occupy the Reich more than win the war at the present time . jan and josef look at one another . a brief moment pass between they . they get heydrich , eventually . int . train BOX car - night . 110 the coffin of heydrich be be transport to Berlin . the coffin drape in a black ss flag . flame from light torch in each corner . two ss guard stand on watch . eerie , like a spell be cast by the force of the dark art . [ note : this will be a recreation of the actual footage . ] the sound of the train on the track turn into chisel against masonry . SOUND overlap of chisel against masonry ... hard CUT to : int . cathedral , crypt - morning 129 in the crypt . jan and josef hammer away at the masonry like man possess . then valcik and bublik take over . it 's like a relay race . sweat pour from jan 's face as he look over to josef with heavy breath . they share a look and then jan look up at the morning light stream through the street level slit . they swap over again . opalka call down from the small hole in the ceiling , opalka Jan ! someone to see you ... 129b int . cathedral - day . 129 B jan climb out of the crypt to see marie . a moment then marie rush forward and embrace jan . they hold each other for a moment . they pull away and marie have tear of joy . they joy fade and she look terrify . marie how long will you stay here ? anthropoid v20 : 85 104 jan there be talk of get we back to London . ( beat ) when this be all over , I will come back for you . marie back for we both . she place jan 's hand onto she belly . jan compute , suddenly overjoy . jan really ? marie nod . a moment of joy that marie be still frighten to let surface . marie I be so scared . everyone be scared . ( beat ) yesterday the Germans go to a village to the north - west of Prague call lidice and shot every man over the age of sixteen . the woman and child have be take to camp and the building be raze to the ground . jan but why lidice ? it make no sense . marie there have be talk that the village aid you somehow . ( beat ) what kind of World be it to bring a child into ? jan it will not always be like this . ( beat ) one day , it will be different , like how it once be ... ( beat ) this I be sure of . jan search she eye and scoops she up in he arm once again . two lone figure in the empty church . the sound of hammer continue from the crypt . int . cathedral , balcony - day 104 a meeting . the seven man plus father petrek . josef and jan be gravely shocked . tear appear in they eye . anthropoid v20 : 86 104 jan ( sadness ) we have never even be to lidice . father petrek this be dangerous time . mere gossip wipe a whole village from the face of the earth . ( beat ) today Karl Frank issue a amnesty broadcast . a full pardon for any person and they family in exchange for any information know about the assassin . even if they do not come forward before . but there be a deadline of five day , after that , they plan to execute 30,000 czech . jan this must stop ! opalka and what do you propose ? jan think for a minute and anger flit across he face . jan josef and I will go to a park ... place placard around we neck say we kill heydrich ... ( beat ) -+- and commit suicide . there be a physical reaction from the man to this suggestion and opalka step forward . opalka this be stupid talk . stupid talk ! as soldier it be you duty to stay alive and continue fight . do you understand that ? I will not hear such stupid talk again . josef and jan be chasten . father petrek the responsibility do not rest with you . we know who be responsible . they will have to answer ... eventually . and they will . ( beat ) if I do not believe that I would not be here now . int . cathedral , balcony - day . 104 josef and valcik sit up in the balcony on guard duty . josef take the photo of lenka from he wallet and look at it . deep from within the crypt the faint sound of stone be chisell by a hammer . anthropoid v20 : 87 105 106 107 108 109 113 josef wipe the photo clean with he thumb when the sound of a truck suddenly make he look out onto the street . a german army truck pull up and several soldier jump out . int . cathedral , crypt - day 105 in the crypt , opalka and bublik hammer away at the masonry , thousands of hammer and chisel blow scarcely make a impression on the hard masonry . jan be up a ladder . he peer out of the slit that lead to the street . jan ' 's Pov : german truck and several soldier walk towards the church . jan signal to opalka and bublik to stop work . jan look back to the street . the german soldier make they way into the church . int . cathedral , nave - day 106 josef and valcik look down and see the german soldier enter the church . int . cathedral , crypt - day 107 the rest of the man , gun at the ready , stare upwards as the sound of the german boot echo out across the church floor above they . int . cathedral , nave - day 108 Pov : the german soldier carry out a cursory search of the church . they shrug and leave the way they come in . int . cathedral , crypt - day 109 jan ' 's Pov through the slit as the german soldier climb back in the truck . a few more soldier who have be search across the street return as well . all board the truck that start up and drive off . the man all look at each other and sigh a big sigh of relief . omitted 113 113b int . gestapo headquarters - night 113b extreme close up of a man face . he be han muller . a german who speak Czech . he wear glass and a piece of paper be reflect in they . anthropoid v20 : 88 114 note : the camera never leave he face . muller you say you know the man who assassinate reichsprotektor reinhard heydrich but you do not take part in it . he look up and off screen to give a signal and look back down the report . as he continue to read we hear footstep and then someone be punch to the floor , a chair crash to the floor and we hear the person be kick . muller you say you do not know where they be but you know the family who shelter they . the sound of the man be lift back on the chair cough and spluttering . same as before , he look up and off screen to give a signal and look back down the report . as he continue to read we hear footstep and then someone be punch to the floor , a chair crash to the floor and we hear the person be kick . muller you say do not know where they be but you know the family who shelter they . the sound of the man be lift back on the chair . muller ( look at the person ) you walk in here on you own accord to give we this statement . ( read from the report ) you say you be a true patriot and the reason for do that be because you want to protect you family and for the kill of innocent czech to stop . we finally cut to the reverse and we see a man sit opposite the desk with he head bow . he slowly start to raise he head as the camera push in . muller and you say you name be karel curda . curda look up , he face beat and swollen . he nod . int . moravec flat , hallway - early morning 114 early morning . silence in the apartment aside from the plaintiff sound of ata 's violin . anthropoid v20 : 89 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 int . moravec flat , hallway - early morning 115 ms of the front door to the apartment . silence aside from ata 's violin . int . downstair entrance - early morning 116 six gestapo officer stand in silence around the entrance to the moravec apartment building . four bear machine gun , the other two pistol . a officer with a pistol nod to the four with the machine gun . they be to ascend the stair now . they carry out the order in silence . int . moravec flat , ata 's room —- early morning 117 ata practice on he violin in he pyjamas . int . stairway - early morning 118 the gestapo officer ascend the stairway in silence . a dog appear and start sniff around they . they pause . then the dog scurries off . they continue they ascent . int . moravec flat , hallway - early morning 119 a closer shot of the front door . int . moravec flat , ata 's room —- early morning 120 ata pause and study the music score on he practice stand . int . flat landing - early morning 121 the gestapo officer be now array around the front door of the moravec apartment . they wait in silence . a plain clothes senior gestapo officer , fleischer , 30 , very thin and lugubrious look try the door . it be lock . he step back and nod to a officer with a machine gun . the officer step forward and take aim at the hinge . int . moravec flat , hallway - early morning 122 ms of the front door . ata have resume he violin practice . two loud burst from the machine gun shatter the silence . the door hinge be destroy and the door partially splinter . the door be then kick in . the armed officer rush into the apartment shouting and bellow . they spray out into different room . anthropoid v20 : 90 123 124 125 int . moravec flat , MAIN room - early morning 123 mrs moravec come into the lounge from the kitchen and two officer immediately grab she . int . moravec flat , ata 's room —- early morning 124 ata be go towards the door of he room when it burst open and two of the officer rush in and grab he violently , he violin fall to the floor and be trample upon as they drag he out . int . moravec flat , MAIN room - early morning 125 ata be push next to mrs moravec in the middle of the lounge . mr moravec be also bundle in . mr moravec stop for a second in front of he wife . a accuse stare on he face . mrs moravec meet he gaze but can not hold it for long . with tear in she eye she look away . mr moravec be push and they be line up face the wall with they hand in the air . a man in he late forty be bring in from outside . he remove he hat as a sign of respect . his name be josef chalupsky and he be a Czech interpreter who speak german . mrs moravec be grab from the wall and turn to face fleischer and chalupsky . fleischer ( loudly , menacingly ) wo sind die fallschirmspringer ? chulupsky where be the parachutist ? mrs moravec I know nothing . you must be confusing we with other morav ... fleischer cut she off in mid-sentence as he punch mrs moravec square in the face with a sickeningly accurate blow . mrs moravec hit the floor hard . ata scream but be retrain and gag with he own belt . fleischer ( to the other officer ) stehen sie auf . mrs moravec be pull up by two officer . mrs moravec 's nose be break . rivulets of dark blood pour down and off she chin . anthropoid v20 : 91 the moan sound that come from she be almost animalistic . this be a woman who know there be no way out of the situation . fleischer wo sind die fallschirmspringer ? chulupsky where be the parachutist ? mrs moravec ( hold she mouth , blood flow ) I know . . . nothing . fleischer punch mrs moravec in the face again . she fall to the ground with a gurgle moan . chulupsky be physically upset by what he be witness . fleischer point at the officer to get mrs moravec back up on she foot . ata struggle against the man that hold he . tear stream . his mouth open but he vocal chord be paralyze . two officer help mrs moravec up again . mrs moravec stand face fleischer but seem to be look right through he . o.s the trickle sound of water hit a wood floor . fleischer look down . mrs moravec be relieving she bladder . a dark patch have spread in the front of she dress and splashes on the wooden floor between she leg . fleischer stare at she in disgust . fleischer ekelhaft ! ( beat ) uberall suchen ! the officer start to tear the place apart , search everywhere . fleischer go next door . mrs moravec ( to chulupsky ) please , let I clean myself up before we leave . ( beat ) I do not want to make a mess in the car . chulupsky nod assent . anthropoid v20 : 92 126 127 128 chulupsky go on , Madame . mrs moravec ( to chulupsky , indicate ata ) my son be a violinist . tell they he know nothing of this ... chulupsky frown . mrs moravec hobble to the lavatory . int . moravec flat , lavatory - early morning 126 a narrow high - ceiling room with a wc and above it a cistern with a chain . a small window . two colourful railway company poster advertising pre-war holiday destination have be put on the wall to brighten the room up . mrs moravec hurriedly enter and throw the lock on the door . she reach into the front pocket of she pinafore and pull out a small wooden carve of a german ss officer and a glass capsule of cyanide . in close up we see she look up to the heaven , tear in she eye . she hold she hand together and say a very brief prayer and then cross she chest . int . moravec flat , MAIN room - early morning 127 fleischer reenter the room and see mrs moravec be miss . fleischer wo ist die frau ? chulupsky ( point ) in der toilette . fleischer scheibe ! int . moravec flat , hallway - early morning 128 fleischer kick the lavatory door in . the door fall back and mrs moravec be stand there look straight at fleischer with a strange smile on she face . she then collapse . fleischer rush to she and slap she face . fleischer wasser ! he check she breathe but she look dead . they try to resuscitate she . she be dead . anthropoid v20 : 93 130 131 132 just out of reach from she dead limp hand we see a close up of the wooden carve ss officer lay on its side . int . gestapo interrogation cell —- morning 130 a windowless cell . a single naked light bulb hang from the centre of the ceiling . flaking dark green paint on the wall . ata sit behind a large metal table . a guard stand either side of he . ata be exhaust and badly hurt . he have be heavily beat . fleischer sit to one side . the torturer take a number of photograph from a folder , portrait of suspect resistance fighter , and place they in two row on the table in front of ata , and then with a flourish of he hand ' invite 's ata to study they . torturer ( german accent throughout ) you recognize any of this man ? ata shake he head no . the torturer start to beat ata again . he then stop and grab a picture of valcik , thrust it in ata 's face . torturer ( breathe heavily ) recognize he ? ata look at the photo and say nothing . int . cathedral , nave - morning 131 josef and bublik be on guard duty in the nave 's balcony . josef be awake but the boredom have he in he own world day dream . he be awoken from this by the sound of whisper voice . the hushed voice be come from within the church . josef look through the balustrade of the balcony to the church below . josef 's Pov : the church seem empty but the voice continue . opalka suddenly exit the confession box . he say something inaudible as a parting shot , and then walk towards the crypt . behind he father petrek exit the other side of the confession box and walk towards the altar . int . cathedral , crypt - morning 132 josef descend the stair to see opalka in deep conversation with jan , valcik , and hruby . opalka turn to see josef . josef what do I miss ? anthropoid v20 : 94 opalka Bishop gorazd have tell Father petrek that we presence here be endangering the church and he want we to leave . ( beat ) Father petrek relay this to uncle and they have a plan to get we all out . josef when ? 132b ext . funeral chapel - day . 132b rain pour down on a black car as it pull up outside . int . black car - same . ladislav and uncle hajsky sit in the car . there be some tension between they . ladislav I know thing have be , strain between we . I be against the assassination and that may have lead to some doubt about my position within the resistance organization . uncle hajsky look at ladislav . ladislav as bad as the reprisal have be , I be wrong , it be right to do it . uncle hajsky regards ladislav . ladislav let just get the parachutist out of Prague . uncle hajsky ( nod ) meet I round the back in ten minute . uncle hajsky exit the car . 132c int . funeral chapel - day 132c a service be be hold . small and discrete . at the back of the chapel uncle hajsky enter and slot into the pews . he make eye contact with the undertaker to the side of the coffin . he be a tall serious man in he fifty dress in a black morning suit . a know look be pass between they . anthropoid v20 : 95 111 int . undertaker 's garage - day 111 at the back of the chapel there be place where the coffin be load onto the car . several funeral wreath lean against the wall . rain be pour down . in the background funeral organ music be hear . we see two coffin in the back of a black hearse . look down at it be the undertaker , beside he be ladislav and uncle hajsky . the undertaker raise the bottom of one of the coffin to reveal a further space underneath undertaker two in the coffin . two under the dummy floor and the other three disguise as pall bearer . ( beat ) that 's the seven . ( beat ) the service can be at the Cathedral of Saints cyril and Methodius and then the burial at Saint josef and Mary 's church which be outside of Prague . ( beat ) you then make arrangement to collect they from there . ladislav look at uncle hajsky . they nod in agreement with the undertaker . uncle hajsky how soon can you be ready ? 133 int . gestapo headquarters - night 133 several shot of long featureless corridor . silence . then the distort sound of ata scream under torture . his scream become distort and echo down the corridor . 134 int . gestapo interrogation cell - night 134 now a ms of ata in he cell dress in he Sunday best play a part of bartok 's ' violin concerto no. 2 '. he be immerse in a angelic light . there be a passage in the concerto ata can not get right . he keep hit the wrong note , a jarring almost discordant wrong note that become louder and more frequent until it turn into a never end scream . ata look across the cell and see himself strapped to a heavy wooden chair . the scream come from he open mouth . his face be bloody from the beating and one eye be swollen shut , the other bloodshot and stream . anthropoid v20 : 96 the torturer punch he and two man then force brandy down he throat use a funnel and rubber tube . torturer you like to play the violin ? the torture smashes ata 's leave hand three or four time with hammer . ata scream until he pass out . a german doctor appear . he hold up a large hypodermic syringe , ata be injected . a bucket of cold water then be throw over he . ata have be break both physically and mentally . he be not who he be . torturer maybe you would like to see you mother again ? the break ata look up through the tear , a glimmer of hope . torturer yes , we manage to save she ... he signal and a man who leave the room and then re-enter with a metal bucket . torturer we save she head . the man lift mrs moravec 's decapitate head out of the bucket . ata ( the ata in the wooden chair ) no ! no ! no ! torturer ( disembody , echoic ) where be the assassin ? ( beat ) where be the assassin ? ( beat ) where be they hide ? ( beat ) where be they hide ? ata ( the ata in he Sunday best ) do not tell they ! ( beat ) you must not tell they ! torturer ( disembody , echoic ) where be the assassin ? ( beat ) where be they hide ? anthropoid v20 : 97 ata ( the ata in the wooden chair ) stop ! please stop ! ata ( the ata in he Sunday best ) you must never say ! torturer ( disembody , echoic ) where be they ? he be go to explode out of he body . the violin music get louder and louder . it 's go to burst he eardrum . the violin be now mix with ata 's scream and the sound build to a crescendo and then stop as ... ata ( the ata in the wooden chair scream ) they 're in the church ! 134b int . gestapo holding cell - night . 134b the door open on curda . he be escort out of the cell by two guard . on the way out he see ata be drag past and into a cell . ata 's hand tie behind he back . curda look away , guilt , shame . he continue down the corridor , the camera stay close on he face as light and shadow rhythmically cross he face from the light above . 135 int . cathedral , nave - morning 135 jan , opalka , and bublik be on the balcony do guard duty . all be silent . all three look exhaust . jan be stare at he watch . opalka be tapping out a beat on the butt of he rifle . bublik be spin a coin in the air . time weigh heavily . 136 int . undertaker 's garage - morning 136 ladislav dress like the undertaker . the last of the preparation be under way . spare pall - bearer 's uniform be laid out . the empty coffin be close . the garage door open and the two hearse drive out onto the street and off towards the cathedral . anthropoid v20 : 98 137 138 139 int . cathedral , nave - morning 137 jan , opalka , and bublik sit patiently , silently . the street outside , usually noisy be now quiet . too quiet . jan exchange glance with opalka and bublik . jan creep to the window and look down . Pov : the street be desert . the Germans have close off the street at each end with barrier . suddenly there be a massive build - up of armed troops . jan the Germans be surround the church . ( beat ) we have to warn the other . opalka ( stop he ) there be not time . take up defensive position . we hold they from here . ext . prague street - morning 138 the approach two hearse be force to stop . ladislav be in the passenger seat of the first hearse dress as a undertaker . a german soldier approach the hearse . behind we see troops take up position around the cathedral . german soldier # 1 where be you go ? ladislav the other side of town . german soldier # 1 ( signal ) go back . no admittance . the colour drain from ladislav 's face as he realise the cathedral will become a tomb for he comrade . the hearse start to reverse and turn away from the cathedral . int . cathedral , balcony - morning 139 the first wave of Germans slowly make they way into the church . on the balcony , opalka and bublik have take up defensive position . anthropoid v20 : 99 140 141 jan and the other look down on the church and see pannwitz , a german officer in the gestapo , and six of he man walk through cathedral and cautiously move to the centre . jan ' 's Pov down from the nave as the soldier enter . they be wait till as many of the soldier be gather before they open fire . jan look over at opalka who give a nod and then all three open fire on the Germans below . several of the Germans be hit and fall . some fire be return by the soldier but they be unsure as to where they should be aim . int . cathedral , crypt - morning 140 josef , valcik , svarc and hruby be awoken by the gunfire and jump down from they bed in the wall . they cover they ear with they hand . the noise be deafen . josef grab he sten . josef we have to help they . josef be restrain by the other . josef ( scream up towards the hatch ) jan ! the other cover he mouth . valcik we must not give ourselves away . ( beat ) the Germans only know about the three on the balcony right now . not we . josef continue to struggle . valcik if it be the other way around would you not want to die know you comrade have at least a chance of survive ? josef think for a second . they release he . int . cathedral , balcony - morning 141 jan finish a clip and take cover . the Germans pull out they wounded . anthropoid v20 : 100 141b ext . cathedral - morning 141b from the third floor window across the street we see the german wounded be carry from the cathedral . the german machine gun be training on the cathedral window . int . cathedral , balcony - morning . jan block the stairwell ! opalka but that be we only way out ! jan it 's also the only way up . jan , opalka , start to throw as much furniture down the stairway that lead up to the balcony as possible . bublik join in until it 's jamme with furniture . all quiet now . opalka wink at jan and bublik . silence . then a tremendous roar of automatic fire and crash glass as team of german machine gunner opposite the church start strafing the building . there be nothing the three can do except take shelter behind the great stone pillar that rise up in the cathedral , and wait for the fire to cease . jan look over bublik . bullet ricochet around bublik as he try to make himself invisible . bublik start to panic and hyperventilate . jan bublik ! ( beat ) bublik ! bublik be not there . tear roll down he face and he be cover he ear with he hand whilst in the foetal position . jan slide over to bublik and grab he . the fire die down silence again but bublik be still try to dig himself in to the stone floor . jan hey ! hey ! breathe ! with me.t ( beat ) Big breath in . ( beat ) Big breath out . jan grab a clip and a fistful of ammo from he pocket . bublik I do not want to die today . anthropoid v20 : 101 jan ( mimick josef ) here ! look , as we be train . jan load a bullet into the clip . jan Nice and easy . you do it . bublik start to load a bullet into the clip . jan that 's it . easy . ( beat ) concentrate on the detail . bublik load another . the panic attack subside . jan it 's ok , bublik . you be not alone . we be here with you . ( beat ) and Czechoslovakia be here with we . bublik shake he head , sniff back snot and nod . it 's a tender and heart - break scene . jan pass on what josef have do for he in he time of need . jan look over at opalka and nod that everything be ok . ext . cathedral - morning a detachment of waffen ss move into position at the front door . another a detachment of waffen ss go through father petrek 's apartment door which be attach at the front of the cathedral . int . cathedral , balcony - morning . jan look over to the balcony and see the church swarm with Germans . jan , opalka and bublik open fire on the Germans below and all hell break loose again . a german machine gun team enter . they find a position and load . open fire at jan , the wooden balcony splinter into hundred of piece as he drop for cover . he pull a large splinter from between he knuckle . the furniture in the stairwell start to move . jan bublik ! cover the stairwell ! anthropoid v20 : 102 144 145 147 bublik up and run to see the Germans pull chair away from the stairwell . he open fire on they drop two before fierce gunfire be return and he be force back into cover . int . uncle hajsky's apartment , kitchen — day 144 uncle hajsky sit at the table stare into space . a clock tick in the room . a startling contrast to the previous scene . uncle hajsky turn to see : Pov : of the front door . silhouettes can be see on the other side of the glass . uncle hajsky remove he glass like a man ready to go to sleep at the end of a long day . he place the glass onto the table and we hold on they in close up as uncle hajsky can be see get up from the table through the lense . int . bathroom - day 145 uncle hajsky enter the toilet and close the door to a crack , peer out , when : the front door burst open . shout as gestapo officer run in . uncle hajsky close the door , lock it , look up and then take out he cyanide capsule and regards it . shout from outside and someone violently try the handle to the lock door . uncle hajsky drop the capsule . he drop to he knee just as the gestapo open fire . the wood splinter as bullet rip through the door . uncle hajsky be on he knee look for the capsule but he doesn ’t have he glass . he pat the floor with he hand in order to feel for it . in extreme close up he hand make contact with the capsule and he put it in he mouth and bite down as the gestapo kick the door in . uncle hajsky role over onto he back look up at a gestapo officer . his look defiant . the gestapo officer realise and scream at the other for help . he try to lift uncle hajsky but it 's too late , he be already dead . int . cathedral , balcony - morning 147 jan be reloading , he look over to see opalka take shot at the german below . the Germans bring in a box of fragment grenade under heavy fire from the balcony . anthropoid v20 : 103 148 149 jan turn to see the furniture cave in down the stairwell . jan bublik ! the stairwell ! bublik look down to see the Germans pull furniture from the stairwell but before he can fire be fire upon and have to take cover . bublik we have lost the stairwell ! jan look at opalka and opalka up and run just as two Germans appear at the top of the stair . jan fire at they kill they . opalka use some bookshelve as cover fire down the stairwell kill another approach german clamber over the furniture barricade . his gun then click empty and he reload . suddenly the stairwell be all quiet . then a grenade be throw up the stairwell . it bounce off the wall and roll between opalka and jan . jan see the grenade and then look at opalka . opalka look at the grenade and then at jan . jan dive for cover and the grenade go off ! int . cathedral , crypt - day 148 the explosion shudder the crypt and dust and cement fall from the ceiling above . the man be all fixate on the noise above they . int . cathedral , balcony - day 149 jan recover to see through the debris that opalka be slump against the bookshelve badly wounded . blood pour from he ear and nose and most of he right side be damage by the blast . opalka take a cyanide capsule from he jacket collar and put into he mouth . jan watch as opalka crunch down on the glass . opalka then put the pistol to he temple and pull the trigger . bublik who be on the upper level see more Germans at the top of the stairwell and open fire but one get through . bublik they be coming through ! anthropoid v20 : 104 jan run up the stair to the upper level and turn to see the german behind he . jan open fire and kill he . his gun click empty . jan take cover g I 'm out ! bublik throw over he last clip . bublik my last one . jan slam the clip home , cock the weapon and fire back down hit three Germans but one throw up a grenade . jan run back through the next arch and take cover as the grenade explode behind he . jan kurva ! a bullet have also scrape he leave eyebrow and blood trickle down . he try to swipe it in order to see . take he handgun from he waist belt and see : bublik fire into the nave from the next arch back . bublik 's sten click empty , he drop it and pull he handgun from waist belt and continue to fire . jan turn and see three Germans make they way along the upper level and he fire at they hit all three . he turn and see : a grenade bounce off the wall behind bublik , who pick it up and throw it into the nave but another be throw and land in the last arch behind he . bublik go to retrieve it . jan bublik ! before bublik get to the arch the grenade go off and knock he back . he roll backwards and fall off the ledge . he just manage to grab on with one hand and dangle 30 foot above the nave . jan run to the edge , lean down and grab he arm , lift he up . the Germans fire from the nave below . jan be hit three time in the shoulder and arm . he fall backwards drop he grip on bublik . wedge in the corner he be breathe hard . shock on he face . jan stare at the now empty edge where bublik be and be no more . jan turn onto he front and crawl through the last arch . another grenade land behind he where he be slump and it go off , shower he in debris . anthropoid v20 : 105 150 151 jan get to the end wall - nowhere else to go . he load he pistol with he last full magazine and fire at the oncoming Germans through the arch . Hit three and miss just as many . click . his gun empty , he reach for he last single bullet and start to load it into the clip . a german grenade bounce into he lap . his throw it over the edge and into the nave . he cock the weapon . a german stand in front of he scream : german soldier # 1 halt ! jan put the gun to he temple and pull the trigger . int . cathedral , crypt - day 150 josef , valcik , svarc and hruby stand wait anxiously . the single shot that still echoe have signall the cease - fire . all be now quiet . they look at each other . it 's obvious that it 's all over upstairs . just the heavy silence now that betoken death . ext . cathedral —- morning 151 the body of jan , opalka and bublik have be carry out the church in rug and laid on the pavement . pannwitz , karl frank and many onlooker , include curda who be push to the front to identify the man . curda this be Jan kubis. ( beat ) that 's Adolf opalka . ( beat ) him , I do not know , but its not josef gabcik or valcik . 150b int . cathedral , crypt - morning 150b the four face stare up from the darkness . suddenly the flagstone be lift up and light pour into the crypt . through the open of the flagstone a german soldier be lower down on rope . anthropoid v20 : 106 152 josef step forward and open fire with the sten and hit the soldier in the knee-caps . the soldier scream and be quickly haul up by he comrade . the voice of pannwitz be then hear through a flagstone open . pannwitz ( 0.s. ) it be in you own interest to give yourselves up peacefully . ( beat ) you have nothing to fear . the four be surprised and shocked by this announcement . int . cathedral , nave - morning 152 pannwitz this need not end in further bloodsh . pannwitz signal to the entrance and curda be drag in by the arm . there be a long silence . the man wait expectantly . pannwitz we patience can only be relied upon for a short time . we urge you to give yourselves up now peacefully . pannwitz urge curda to talk to they . curda josef ? you should surrender now and save yourselves . ( beat ) do you hear I ? ( beat ) you will be treat humanely as prisoner of war . 150c int . cathedral , crypt - morning 150c josef 's Pov : curda be with two gestapo officer . josef that 's curda ! valcik curda !? josef traitor ! josef open fire with he sten gun in curda 's direction . the Germans take cover . anthropoid v20 : 107 153 josef we be czech . we will never surrender ! the Germans open fire with the machine gun opposite and chunks of masonry be churn out around open of the crypt slit . josef and the other be force deeper into the crypt . ext . cathedral —- morning 153 a german officer scream to halt the machine gun fire . 150D int . cathedral , crypt 150D 154 silence . the man regard each other . josef take four bullet and distribute they among the man . josef we save the last one for we . they all nod . then two tear gas grenade be throw into the crypt through the vent . valcik quickly pick this up and throw they back on to the street . ext . cathedral —- morning 154 firemen bring hose and spot light be place to shine light into the crypt . 150e int . cathedral , crypt - morning . 150e a large fireman 's hose be then throw through the vent of the crypt and gallon of water be pump in . josef climb the ladder and struggle with the hose . he manage to push it out back on to the street . svarc and hruby take up the tool and furiously attack the masonry hope they can break through to the sewer . clang ... clang ... clang ... josef turn just in time to see a grapple hook catch the ladder by the slit high up on the wall at the end . josef jump to grab hold of the ladder but be too late and the ladder be yank out through the slit to the street . there be no way now to stop the gallon of water pour into the crypt . anthropoid v20 : 108 155 the fireman 's hose be put through the slit again and water gush into the crypt again . int . cathedral , nave - morning 155 the plan for the cathedral have be discover and be be study by Germans . carpet be pull up and a large concrete slab cover the main stair into the crypt be find . 150f int . cathedral , crypt - morning 150 F 156 gallon of water pour into the crypt . hruby and svarc continue feverishly hammer at the masonry . Water rise and wash over a burn candle extinguish its flame . int . cathedral - morning 156 the Germans chisel detonator into the concrete slab and reel the trigger wire away to a safe distance . 150g int . cathedral , crypt - morning 150g josef wade towards the svarc and hruby when suddenly there be a very loud explosion at the back of the crypt and the shock wave throw josef into the now deep water . brief underwater shot and the SOUND fade away . { note : the following sequence plays out to a haunting piece of piano music . no production SOUND be heard . the following shot be hand -held and will convey the drama and immediacy of the situation . josef come up for air and turn . a cloud of dust envelop the crypt . the Germans have blast a brick - up entrance at the back top part of the crypt . underneath the blast hole be stone step lead down into the crypt . hruby and svarc continue feverishly hammer at the masonry . hruby stop chiselling the masonry and turn to face josef and valcik . josef and valcik look over at hruby . hruby ' 's face , soaking wet , void of hope . he shake he head . there be no escape into to the sewer . it 's hopeless . valcik throw a spare pistol at hruby . anthropoid v20 : 109 hruby catch it , cock it . svarc take he pistol from he belt and clock it . they all turn to the step that lead up to the blast hole and take up defensive position . two german soldier run down the stone stair into the crypt . josef wade forward and fire he pistol twice . a hand - grenade be throw into the crypt and fall into the waist - level water at the bottom of the step . it explode . the water absorb most of the blast but a massive plume of water be throw up drench the man . two more german soldier come down the step . valcik open fire kill they but the sten gun click empty . he throw it into the water and take he pistol from he belt . another grenade hit the water . the man take cover . the water explode upwards . another german take the stair down into the crypt . hruby fire till he gun click empty . josef shake he head in resignation and take the single bullet from he breast pocket . he hold he open palm outstretch toward the other three man . they all take a single round from they pocket . they come together . four palm each open with a bullet . josef clenches he fist around the bullet . the other do the same . the four fist be a eloquent symbol of strength and resistance . the chamber of the weapon be load and clocked . they smile sadly . then all four place the gun to they temple . Close up of josef . a german have get down the first two step and fire he machine gun at they . two be slightly hit but then shoot themselves so there be no chance of be take alive . bang . bang . bang . in the cross - fire hruby , valcik and svarc fall into the water . Close up of josef , the gun at he temple - look straight ahead . anthropoid v20 : 110 a split second of silence . flash frame of the back of lenka 's head . Hair gently blow in the wind . camera slowly track in to she . lenka 's dead hand hang limp . blood drip from the fingertip . josef 's Pov : lenka stand opposite he . wet , pale , angelic . up to she waist in water . a white lace dress hug she elegant figure and flow in the water around she . she smile . Close up of josef 's eye . they seem to briefly smile . bang . the water from the hose continue to pour into the crypt . the german soldier walk down the step , gun at the ready . the body of josef , valcik , hruby and svarc float in the swirl water . Close up of the photo of lenka float on the surface of the water . it swirl around with other float debris until it sink below the surface and fade from view in the darkness . CUT to black : title card : josef gabcik Jan kubis Adolf opalka josef valcik jaroslav svarc josef bublik Jan hrubry the seven parachutist hold the church for 6 hour . title card : four month before he assassination , reinhard heydrich attend a secret meeting in wannsee to finalise the Nazi policy of jewish extermination . heydrich be consider to be one of lead architect of the final solution to the jewish ' question 's . title card : the czechoslovak government -in-exile consider the assassination of heydrich as a act of retribution and a clear sign that Czechoslovakia be still resisting Nazi rule . it be also mean to send a clear message to the Nazis that none of they be untouchable and could be make to answer for they action at anytime . anthropoid v20 : 111 it be a important message but send at great cost to the Czech people . in the aftermath of the assassination over 5000 Czech man , woman and child be execute by the ss . for help in the assassination , Marie kovarnikovd , reportedly pregnant with Jan 's child , be execute at mauthausen concentration camp on 24 October , 1942 . title card : the traitor karel curda be arrest by the Czech authority in 1945 and hang two year later for treason . title card : vanek ladislav be arrest by the gestapo on 4th September 1942 . he give up many of the name associate with the jindra resistance group and survive the war as a prisoner at gestapo headquarters . after the war he become a collaborator for the czechoslovak state police ( stb ) and inform on anticommunist activity . the account of he part play in the assassination of reinhard heydrich have subsequently be challenge . title card : after the assassination and the bloody reprisal commit by the Nazis on Czech citizen , Winston churchill declare the munich agreement null and void and count Czechoslovakia as a important ally in the fight for freedom . end credit anthropoid v20 : 112