the Black dahlia written by josh friedman base on the novel by James ellroy credit roll over Black and white newsreel footage from the 1930s . clip from prize fight feature two different boxer against various opponent . one a light heavyweight -- pure finesse , a counterpunch ; the other , stout and stronger , a headhunt puncher . the intercutte of the two fighter suggest a possible showdown at the end of the newsreel . no such luck . end credit close up on : a triple carbon lapd " incident report " form trap in a old corona typewriter . the key pound letter into the blank space . incident : the zoot suit riot ... JUNE 10 , 1943 ... reporting officer ... dwight " bucky " bleichert ext . boyle height - evergreen and wabash - dusk a world war ii era personnel carrier transport twenty silent lapd officer into the heart of downtown Los Angeles . the sound of glass break and man scream serve as backdrop for they arrival . we focus in on bucky bleichert , 26 , ( the counterpuncher from the newsreel ) as he jump from the carrier . bucky 's minus he gun but plus a wwi tin helmet and a three pound truncheon . bucky'' Pov : hundred of in - uniform GI 's use baseball bat and two - by - four to beat the shit out of Zoot suit-wear mexican . most of the cop wander to the edge of the race riot and hobnob with the pocket of mps and shore patrol who have choose to " restore order " by cheer on they countryman against the outnumber but equally fierce zooter . sailor shatter streetlight and shop window . darkness fall quickly on what bucky rightly realize be chaos . suddenly bucky 's running -- away from the action ... down a side street and onto a quiet residential block . he slow to a jog , try to gather he thought . and then a voice : voice bleichert ! bleichert ! ext . a bungalow courtyard - same a police officer have three marine in dress blue and one zoot suiter cornere in a center walkway . the marine swipe clumsily at the officer with they two - by - four as he bob back and forth on the ball of he foot , dodging the blow like the ex-fighter he be . voice over I already know he by reputation , have we respective record down pat : Lee blanchard , 43 - 4 - 2 as a heavyweight , formerly a regular attraction at the Hollywood legion Stadium . the terrify mexican stand freeze on one side of blanchard , try to avoid the entire mess as the policeman parry the marine ' blow with he own truncheon . lee blanchard code three , bleichert ! bucky run into the courtyard and immediately wade in , fend off the marine ' blow to jab at they with he stick . voice over and he know I , bucky bleichert , light - heavy , 36 - 0 - 0 , rank tenth by Ring magazine in 1937 fight no - name opponent in no - mar n's - land division . on instinct , bucky drop he baton and begin wail on the marine with he fist , connect hard punch with soft midsection . voice over ( cont would ) in we first year at Central we would never speak -- but people speak of we . opinion about a fantasy bleichert - blanchard fight , and who would win . and now blanchard move in , lash vicious truncheon blow to the shoulder of the marine , send they one by one into a heap . voice over ( cont would ) I would hear almost all of them : blanchard by early ko ; bleichert by decision ; blanchard stop on cut -- everything but bleichert by knockout . the marine reduce to rubble , Lee blanchard turn he attention to the Zooter : he slap handcuffs on he and lead he away . he motion for bucky to follow . Lee turn back to the marine : lee to the hall of tripoli , shitbird . one of they flip Lee off . the Zooter kick he in the chest as Lee pull he away from they , laugh . the three man start back toward the riot . gunshot can be hear . Palm tree blaze up into the night . lee ( cont would ) ( be the Zooter ) bucky bleichert , meet senor tomas do Santos , subject of a all - point fugitive warrant for manslaughter commit during the commission of a class B felony . snatch a purse off a hairbag and she keele of a heart attack . bucky you come all the way down here to roust -- lee ( smile ) I come all the way down here same as you do . ( jerk a finger to the riot ) keep from gettin ' kill . happen to see that jarhead beatin ' on a good collar -- ( nudging do Santos ) habla ingle , tomas ? the man shake he head " no " . lee ( cont would ) he 's dead meat . manslaughter two 's a gas chamber jolt for spic . hepcat here 's about six week away from the Big adios . be better off get a couple crack rib from we private first class back there . blanchard spy a home with newspaper stack on the front porch . lee ( cont would ) we will never get he book tonight . CUT to : lee jimmying the front door ... int . the kitchen - later tomas do Santos cuffed by he ankle to a radiator . the three man be on they second fifth of cutty sark swipe from the kitchen cupboard . do Santos sing a drunken Spanish version of " the chattanooga choo choo " before slumping to he side and pass out . bucky cover he with a blanket . lee Tom here 's my ninth hard felon of the month . six week he will be suck gas . in three year I will be work Central warrant . jewboy deputy d.a. over there wet he pants for fighter . Promised I the next spot he can wangle . bucky ( not impressed ) impressive . lee ( not impressed either ) wanna hear something more impressive ? my first twenty fight be stumblebum handpick by my manager . my girlfriend see you fight a couple time over at the Olympic . say maybe you could take I . Lee get up and wander into the live room . from the kitchen bucky watch Lee stare out at the flame . bucky whatta we do about the mex ? lee we will take them in the morning . bucky you will take he . lee he 's half yours , partner . bucky he 's all yours . and I be not you partner . lee ( without turn ) someday . dissolve to : a close up of tomas dos santos ' face scream in silence . as we pull back to reveal tomas do Santos die in a large plexiglas gas chamber . bucky stand in the back of the room , force himself to watch . he can not stand it and leave . in the front row Lee also watch , elbow on knee and chin in hand . he can not stand it , either . he stay . in the hallway afterward bucky watch from afar as man in suit shake Lee 's hand and brush imaginary lint off of he brand new sergeant's stripe . they eye meet briefly as bucky retreat to daylight . another triple carbon form filled out on the corona ... transfer and promotion ... sergeant Lee blanchard ... highland Park vice to Central warrant ... effective 10/14/46 ext . 2 nd and beaudry - day a extremely bored bucky bleichert give a man a speed ticket and send he on he way . ext . / int . radio patrol car - moving bucky drive as a rookie cop chatter in the seat next to he . rookie yep , three year in the Canal Zone . nothin ' but skeeter bite and drunk fight over three - dollar skank tail ... int . the central muster room - day bucky sit at he desk fill out a form as the rookie cop prattles on in the background . rookie ... fight over three - dollar skank tail ... a older officer walk by the rookie and roll he eye . catch bucky 's look , the cop throw he a shadow punch one - two . bucky smile thinly . returns to he paperwork . then another cop pass by and break into a bob-and - weave . bucky look puzzle and annoyed . he grab a third cop walk by ( tom joslin ) . bucky somethin ' up , Tommy ? tom you , that 's what . ( off bucky 's look ) you know Lee blanchard over at Central warrant ? bucky nod . tom his partner 's toppin ' he twenty and goin ' for early retirement . Word be the felony d.a. 's lookin ' for a bright boy to fill the spot . Christ know why but it 's down to you and johnny Vogel for the spot . bucky take a surreptitious peek across the room at johnny vogel , fat , slick - hair and bad skin . bucky his old man fritzie 's a Central Dick . tom ( chuck bucky on the chin ) but who would look better when they bring back the box team , eh buckaroo ? bucky shake he head , dismiss the whole thing . int . the radio patrol car - another day bucky drive on as the rookie talk and talk ... voice over warrant be local celebrity as a cop . warrant be plainclothes without a coat and tie , romance and a mileage per diem on you civilian car . warrant be go after the real bad guy and not roust wino and wienie wagger in front of the Midnight Mission . int . bucky'' garage - night bucky hit a speed - bag , building up a sweat . voice over I tell myself I do not care . he hit the bag faster and faster . int . the central muster room - day a desk officer hand bucky a note . CUT to : int . CITY hall - chief of detective office - later a secretary lead bucky into a office with chief of detective thad GREEN etched on the pebble glass door . Inside the office : Lee blanchard , asst . d.a. ellis loew , and chief thad GREEN . they all sit in match leather chair . secretary Officer bleichert . she exit . a awkward silence . lee ( get to he foot ) gentlemen , bucky bleichert . bucky , Chief thad Green , deputy da Ellis loew . bucky shake they hand , nodd to each . Chief Green gesture for he to sit . chief GREEN read this aloud , Officer . it 's run in Sunday 's Times . bucky " before the war , the City of the angel be grace with two local fighter , bear and raise a scant five mile apart , pugilist with style as different as fire and ice . Lee blanchard be a bowlegge windmill of a leather slinger -- chief GREEN skip down to the fire and ice part . bucky ( search , find ) " Mr. Fire and Mr. Ice never fight each other , but a sense of duty bring they together in spirit , and both join the Los Angeles Police Department . " blanchard crack the baffling boulevard - citizen bank robbery case in 1939 and capture thrill - killer tomas do Santos ; bleichert serve with distinction during the ' 43 Zoot suit Wars - - " a glance to Lee ... chief GREEN skip to the end . bucky " both man make great sacrifice to serve they city , and on Election Day , voter be go to be ask to do the same thing -- vote on a five million dollar bond proposal to upgrade the lapd 's equipment and provide for a eight percent pay raise for all personnel . keep in mind the example of Mr. Fire and Mr. ice. vote " yes " on proposition B . " chief GREEN whattya think ? bucky subtle . blanchard and Green smile ; loew frown . ellis loew prop . B 's look like a loser right now . but if we can drum up some publicity we may he able to get it pass in the ' 47 special . we need to build up morale in the department . impress voter with the quality of we man . wholesome white boxer be a big draw , bleichert . you know that . bucky look to Lee . lee Fire and Ice . loew ten round . the Academy gym . Three week from now . right before the election . all the gate to charity . after that , we bring back the interdivisional box team . wholesome fighter . lee wholesome . chief GREEN be you in , bucky ? lee it 's not like you will last the ten round anyway . bucky eye Lee quickly , assess he larger but slightly softer physique . all the remain eye be on he . bucky I be in . back slap and congratulation all around . loew I be betting on great thing from you , bleichert . and if I do not miss my bet we may be colleague soon . bucky uh , yes sir . ext . the CITY hall parking lot - minute lateer bucky exit and see Lee lean against a unmark car talk with a strike woman in a auburn pageboy cut . Lee wave bucky over . lee bucky I would like you to meet Kay Lake . bucky hello . fay I see you fight a couple time . you win . bucky I always win . you a fight fan ? kay Lee use to drag I . I be take somme art class so I would sketch the boxer . Lee put he arm around she . lee make I quit fight the smoker . do not want I doin ' the " vegetable shuffle . " he stagger around like a punch - drunk fighter . bucky I will try not to hurt you . a flicker of anger in she eye . lee sure make loew happy . bucky he 's get money on I , I gather ? lee seem that way . bucky and if I win I get warrant ? lee seem that way . bucky shake he head . turn to Kay . bucky what do you think of all this , miss Lake ? kay for moral reason I hope the lapd get ridicule for perpetrate this farce . for financial reason I hope Lee win . and for aesthetic reason I hope you both look good with you shirt off . bucky and Lee break into laughter . bucky stick out he hand . Lee take it . bucky luck short of win . lee you , too . bucky tip he hat to Kay and turn to go . kay luck , dwight . he stop at hearing he real name . but he know she 's wait to see he reaction so he keep walk ... bucky'' boxing montage -- bucky hit the heavy bag in the police gym while Lee spar in the background voice over the 77th Street lieutenant tapped as official lapd bookmaker have Lee as a early 3 to 1 favorite ... -- bucky run through elysian Park with two pound weight on he ankle . voice over ( cont would ) ... while the real bookie line have Mr. Fire favore by knockout at 2 1 / 2 to 1 , and decision by 5 to 3 . -- bucky spar with a fighter , pepper he with jab after jab . voice over ( cont would ) even the dick in ad vice have suspend bookie shakedown because mickey Cohen be rake ten grand a day and kickin ' back five percent to the advertising agency promote the bond issue . -- cop exchange betting marker during roll call ... voice over ( cont would ) I be a local celebrity again . ext . / int . bucky'' car - lincoln height - day bucky pull up in front of a small ugly house in a tired neighborhood . he exit the car carry a cardboard box full of can goods and old girlie magazine . on the porch of the house a bony old man sit in a break chair , aim a bb pistol at some balsa wood airplane scattered in the yard . on bucky'' face disgust and sadness . this be dolph bleichert , bucky 's father . bucky approach , pull a chair up next to he father . up close it 's even worse : white skin stretch tight over blue vein , yellow rim he rheumy eye . fleck of dirt and vomit on a filthy shirt . bucky papa ? dolph gute tag , dwight . bucky speak English , papa . dolph englisch schiesser ! amerikan schiesser ! he aim the bb gun and fire at a airplane : the gun 's empty . bucky enter the house . half -eaten can of bean on the dining room table , a entire legion of break balsa wood airplane kit . alley cat wander in and out of the kitchen , nose they face into open tuna fish can ... back on the porch dolph lean on the porch rail . bucky return . bucky say something , papa . get I mad . tell I how you can fuck this place up so bad in one month . dolph du , dwight ? du ? bucky speak ... English . papa , please . he search he father 's eye for a response and get none . he survey the house again . somewhere in the corner of he eye we see the glint of a idea ... inside the house bucky on the phone . bucky ... he 's have another stroke . if you could just come by and clean the place up and keep a eye on he for week or so ... a hundred dollar be fine . no more than ten day . I promise . I do . thank you . int . the police boxing gym bucky lean against a wall watch Lee spar . study he . mentally fight the sparring partner 's fight . voice over he be better than I think . it make what come next easier . int . a bank - day bucky sit at a desk with a assistant manager and fill out form . the manager count out approximately $ 4,500 in cash . bucky slide he the form . the manager slide he the cash . int . the good luck bar - night bucky slide into a booth across from pete lukins . pete so ... I be surprised but I be not so surprised . I hear you be lookin ' good . better and people think . bucky push a envelope across to Pete . he look in it . pete ( cont would ) I guess what I hear be correct . then you will be wantin ' to place this with mickey Cohen 's indie . he 's get blanchard 2 to 1 - - bucky I be not bettin ' on I , Pete . pete ( a beat ) oh. ( another beat ) then as a friend I feel it 's my duty to tell you this : you better make it look good . bucky knockout between round eight and ten . Pete nod he head , think . pete dragna 's get a guy really sell on you . even money . best you be gonna get . bucky thanks , Pete . Pete stick out he hand . pete luck . bucky short of win ? pete luck . bucky take he hand . int . the boxing gym - day bucky take apart he sparring partner with a series of lightning quick counterpunch . voice over I would almost finish the Police Academy when the background check turn up my father 's german - american bund membership . pressure by the FBI goons to confirm my patriotism , I give the alien squad Sam murakawa , a guy I would grow up with , in order to secure my lapd appointment . ext . dolph bleichert house - night bucky watch from across the street as a off - duty nurse try to get papa bleichert to eat a sandwich . voice over the old fuck never know any better . never know what he cost I . or sammy , who would die at manzanar . I be a good fit in the snitch 's jacket and with a little alteration I slip easily into the whole suit . int . the boxing gym - day bucky watch Lee spar . his quick eye spying : -- scar tissue over Lee 's right eye -- Lee drop he leave when throw the right hook -- Lee tucking he elbow too tight and open up he ribcage voice over ( cont would ) I have trade warrant for a close - out on bad old debt , the eight grand I be gonna clear enough to maintain the old man in a good clean rest home for three year ; the late round tank job enough to convince myself I be not a complete coward . int . the boxing gym - day Kay approach bucky as he study Lee . kay at least he look good with he shirt off . she wave to Lee between round . he blow a kiss back . bucky where 's you sketch pad ? kay I be never very good . ended up with a degree in History . Masters . Lee 's fight money pay for it . bucky Education 's a expensive habit to kick . ( beat ) he should not have quit fight . kay I ask he to . besides , catch animal give he a sense of order . you have a girlfriend , dwight ? bucky save myself for rita hayworth . a roar from the gym onlooker . Lee 's sparring partner hit the deck , blood spraying from he mouth . bucky ( cont would ) quit fight for you . put you through school . quite a guy . quite a pair . kay ( flirt ) we be not get marry if that 's what you be wonder . bucky why not ? shack 's against the reg . probably cost he a stripe . kay I have to go , dwight . good luck tomorrow night . bucky you do not answer my question -- kay ( a throwaway ) Lee and I do not sleep together , dwight . she keep walk . he just stare ... int . bucky'' apartment - night a half - eat steak and two beer go . it 's six hour later and bucky 's still think about Kay 's exit line . restless . he grab he jacket . int . hearst build - herald - examiner morgue - night bucky flash he badge to a late- night clerk who escort he into the newspaper 's morgue . pull a bound stack of newspaper clipping and give they to bucky . he begin poring through they ... a newspaper photo of a bank shift into live action : a grainy newsreel -type flashback ( slo - mo ) a armored truck idle in front of the boulevard - citizen Bank . Three man dress in guard uniform run out of the front of the bank , a alarm keen in the background . Three police car converge on the scene and a gun battle ensue ... two of the bank robber be shot as the third man ( the one carry the money ) jump into the truck . the truck take off , able to escape when someone from inside the truck throw open the door and push the naked and bound legitimate guard out the back and into the line of pursuit ... voice over with no lead on the two escape man , the heist quickly go from page one to page five . two week later ... a newspaper clipping headline : " tip from ex - boxer cop break b-c Bank job " a still photo of Lee which become live action as ... int . a SMALL venice beach apartment - day ( flashback ) a young Lee and four other cop tear apart a small flat . in a closet they find bank guard uniform , bank bag , and a small stash of marijuana . voice over one of Lee 's snitch finger Bobby dewitt , a greasy little pimp with a yard long rap , as the brain behind the bank job . CUT to : flashback : a hatchet face man ( dewitt ) LED by handcuff through a giant crowd ... voice over ( cont would ) dewitt howl frame - up the entire trial , never id 'ing the driver or cough up the dough , even after damn character testimony from some of he employee , include one Katherine Lake , formerly of sioux Falls , South dakota and look to go straight . flashback : lee leading kay from the courtroom , hand on her elbow ... voice over ( cont would ) dewitt get ten to life at San quentin ; Lee get Kay , or maybe the other way around . back to present : bucky walk through downtown L.A. , hand stuff in he pocket like James Dean ... voice over ( cont would ) they both get a few week in the gossip page before Kay dove into she college education and Lee down the hero 's road end in warrant and a shack job with a woman he love but would not touch ... bucky pass a whore on the corner , they eye meet for a moment and he walk on . voice over ( cont would ) you come off a win fight . sweat - drench , taste blood , still want to go . the handbook who make money on you bring you a girl . a pro , a semi-pro . you do it in the dress room , or a hallway . the eleventh round of a ten round fight . and when you go back to a ordinary life , it 's just weakness , a loss . bucky turn back to give the whore a second look but she 's go . voice over ( cont would ) to a fighter , sex taste like blood and resin and suture scrub . I wonder if some day that would ever be different . CUT to : a hammer hitting a bell and the fight be on . inside the packed academy gym cop and mobster sit shoulder to shoulder , cigar smoke like L.A. haze as lee charge bucky , the big man try to cut of the ring . bucky engage , dodging Lee 's thunder blow and pepper back with counterpunch ... ** the general fight storyline be this : a very even and brutal match see-saw back and forth , bucky do all he can to make it into the middle round . somewhere around the fourth or fifth round he competitive juice take over and he begin try to win at all cost . the two man hurt each other badly , and in the eighth round it 's anybody 's fight . bucky punch toe- to - toe with Lee , abandon he strategy . Lee knock bucky out . int . bucky'' bedroom - day bucky lie in bed , radio play jazz . he look horrible -- face swollen , lip split , stitches across he nose . he sip whiskey from a bottle through a straw . the phone ring and ring . he refuse to answer it ... int . a rest home - another day bucky , bruise but somewhat better , stand in the hallway of a very nice rest home . he surreptitiously watch he father as the old man try to grab at a nurse . ext . the rest home - minute later Pete lukin wait outside on the porch for bucky . pete well ? bucky he will catch on soon enough . the scene widen behind the two man and we see the sign on the facility : king david villa jewish star adorn the sign . int . bucky'' apartment - day bucky stand in front of he mirror clipping at he stitches with scissors . he hear a voice outside he window . voice over hey . canvasback ! bucky recognize the voice and go to the window . ext . the courtyard - same Lee blanchard , he own bruise fade , stand in the yard . lee you gonna hide in there another week ? ai not you bored yet ? bucky gettin ' there . lee wanna work warrant with I ? bucky what ? lee harrell 's be callin ' to tell you . you be hibernate -- bucky but I lose . loew 's deal -- lee do not you read the papers ? the bond issue pass yesterday . want the job , partner ? off Lee 's devilish grin : voice over mister Fire . mister Ice . the hero and the snitch . CUT to : int . central warrant - morning a door mark " detective's muster room " . bucky , wear he best sport coat and slack , push through the door . inside the muster room full of the lapd 's plainclothes hotshot . all stand and give bucky a stand ovation . Lee 's there , too , play to the crowd . on the blackboard at the front of the room : 8 % !!! captain jack tierney be at the podium . tierney ( as introduction ) Officer bleichert , the man of Central dick , homicide , ad vice , bunco , et cetera . I be Captain Jack tierney . you and Lee be the white man of the hour , so I hope you enjoy you ovation . you will not get another one until you retire . everyone laugh . tierney rap the podium and speak again . tierney ( cont would ) enough horseshit . this be the felony summary for the week end November 14 , 1946 . first , three liquor store stickup ... tierney begin the summary as bucky 's eye wander around the room , take in he new surroundings ... older man , coat and tie ... he tune back in ... tierney ( cont would ) and here 's a collar would please cap and Jack to no end . sergeant Vogel , koenig , have you read the sid memo on the bunker Hill burglary ? fritz vogel and bill koenig , both hulk and unpleasant - look ( fritzie be the elder version of he son johnny ) . the two man shake they head " no " . tierney disapprove . tierney ( cont would ) set of latent at the last break - in id 's one maynard coleman , two sodomy prior . a surefire baby raper . highland Park 's get four child sodomy unsolved . maybe he 's we boy , maybe not . but between that and the b&amp ; E 's I would put maynard as a high priority lamster right now . there 's a list of he know associate on the bulletin board . let 's all take a look ... int . the muster room - later the meeting 's break up . a tall , elegant man ( russ millard ) and a squat dishevel man ( harry sear ) approach bucky . russ millard ( introduce himself ) Russ millard , homicide . wife and kid thank you for the raise , Officer . bucky smile a dumb smile , not know what to say . russ millard ( cont would ) ( be the other man ) my partner , Harry sear . harry ( stutter ) y-y-y -ye . th-th - thanks Officer b-b- bleichert . before bucky can answer ellis loew grab he by the elbow and lead he away . ellis loew Officer bleichert . welcome to Central warrant -- when he get he out of ear shot : ellis loew ( cont would ) you should not have slugge with he . you be ahead on all three card . bucky the proposition pass , sir . ellis loew yes but some of you patron 's lose money . play thing smarter here . do not blow this like you blow the fight . bucky 's about to respond when Lee save he -- lee ready to roll , canvasback ? he grab bucky and they head out the door . int . lee' car - later Lee cruise they through downtown , rambling about the job description . bucky why would you really quit fight ? he pull the car into a parking lot of a mexican restaurant . lee ( matter of fact ) benny Siegel buy out my contract , scared off my manager . Said he would get I a shot at Joe Louis if I would take two dive for he . I say no , join the Department ' cuz Jew syndicate boy will not kill cop . anything else ? bucky ( as they exit the car ) one more . what be we doin ' here ? lee while you be dance with Ellis at muster I check maynard coleman 's ka 's on the bulletin and recognize the name of a fence . think he tend bar here ... inside the restaurant Lee and bucky slide into a booth on either side of bruno albanese , halfway through plate of huevo rancheros . lee bruno albanese ? bruno who want to know ? lee Police officer , bruno . let 's make this fast so I do not have to watch you eat . Lee slide the maynard coleman mug shot to albanese . lee ( cont would ) we know he sell to you and we do not care . where be he ? albanese burp . bruno never see them before . Lee sigh . and then grab bruno by the back of the neck and jam he face into the hot cheese and goo of he food . bruno 's arm flap back and forth as Lee drown he in he food . finally Lee shrug and pull bruno 's face out of he food , blood from he nose mixing with the grease of the enchilada . bruno versaille apartment . Sixth and St. andrew . ext . the versaille apartment - minute later Lee and bucky pull up and look for a parking spot just as maynard coleman trot down the front stair and get into a car . bucky right there ! they ease the car back into traffic and follow coleman 's car from a safe distance . bucky pick up the two - way radio . Lee gesture for he to put it back : coleman 's pull into the parking lot of the polar palace , a ice skating rink . they follow . coleman exit he car , eyeing a group of kid carry ice skate and head into the polar Palace . he follow they inside ... the two man follow ... inside the polar palace Children skate around on the ice with a giant polar bear suit . Lee and bucky scan the area - - not a adult in sight . Lee spot some stair lead to the restroom and gesture to bucky , who hustle down they . on the staircase maynard coleman , carry a stuff bunny rabbit , walk up the stair toward bucky . just as the two man pass bucky pull he gun and put it to coleman 's head . bucky Police officer . you be under arrest . coleman throw he hand in the air ; the bunny drop to the ground . bucky cuff coleman and lead he up the stair as Lee come down from above . a small voice from below bucky : voice over let go of he ! let go of he ! bucky look down to see a SMALL boy pound on he leg . the kid 's hysterical . boy let go a my daddy ! daddy ! the resemblance be unmistakable . two generation of okie white trash . bucky continue march coleman the elder up the stair as Lee snag the kid , both the father and the son cry like baby . int . the hall of justice jail - later Lee and bucky fill out a release form for the desk officer . bucky look up to see bill koenig and fritz vogel march by with barely a nod . lee they get here fast . ( off bucky 's look ) the confession . int . central warrant - later Lee finish type up a report on a manual typewriter while bucky talk on the phone . he hang up as fritz Vogel and Bill koenig return . lee ( cont would ) ( be the two meathead ) play nice . they have get juice with loew . koenig ( stupid and proud ) he confess . kiddie pork and the burglary . fritzie say we be all get commendation . bucky 's Pov : both koenig and Vogel have small bit of blood spatter on they white dress shirt . vogel Ellis love the kid angle . lee you talk to Ellis ? vogel he 's only " Ellis " to lieutenant on up , blanchard . lee least I do not call he " kike " . vogel ( flush ) c'mon , billy . the two man push by with barely a nod in bucky 's direction . bucky play nice . hm . lee shitbird . harry sear approach they cubicle . he look a little drunk . ( and when you get to know he you will realize that when he 's drunk he do not stutter . ) harry Russ say good collar today . the man nod thanks . bucky note the lack of stutter and the presence of a liquor smell . harry ( cont would ) and Lee -- I hear something you oughta know -- I be over at County parole -- Bobby dewitt get a " a " number . he will be release to LA around mid-January . Lee bob he head slightly as Harry move off . he 's disturb but cover quickly -- lee you like pot roast ? ext . a beautiful deco home - night Lee lead bucky up the walk . bucky 's impressed with the house . lee do not say anything to Kay about dewitt . it will upset she . int . lee and kay' house - continuous a doll 's house of danish modern furniture , fresh flower and polished mahogany wainscote . bucky you takin ' bribe , partner ? lee fight stash . Kay arrive from the kitchen , smile broadly at bucky . she take he hand . kay hello , dwight . glad you could make it . and hold he hand about two beat than usual ... int . the dine room - later Kay bring in the food . bucky walk around the room , check thing out . fay Fairy tale come true , be not it ? bucky hm ? fay the house . you and Lee partner . Fairy tale . bucky can not say I believe in fairy tale . kay then you have never really have to . lucky man. ( beat ) Lee ! dinner ! int . the dine room - later the food be finish . so be a bottle of champagne . Kay pop another one , hit Lee in the chest with the cork . everyone laugh hysterically . they fill the glass again . lee a toast ... to proposition b! bucky to the bleichert / blanchard rematch ! bigger than Louis / schmele ! kay to fairy tale ! bucky ( abruptly , drunk ) to ...us ! he 's refer to all three of they -- something which do not escape or displease anyone . they clink glass and drink . another lapd triple carbon incident report : JANUARY 10 , 1947 ... Raymond " junior " nash ... int . ellis loew' office - morning Lee and bucky enter the loew 's inner sanctum where they be join by Russ millard and Harry sear . a stack of l.a . heralds sit on the desk , the top one fold to the headline : " criminal division 's da to try for boss 's job in ' 48 primary ? " bucky 's look of disgust say it all just as loew walk into the room -- lee goin ' into politics , Ellis ? give we a quote . ( as FDR ) " the only thing to fear be fear itself . " loew smile thinly and hand over a photo and a rap sheet . ellis loew here 's the man to fear . angle on the mug shot and rap sheet : raymond " junior " nash : statutory rap , armed robbery , felony mayhem ... Texas State prison ... alcatraz ... the cop be impressed . bucky give we the good news . he 's in LA and actin ' uppity ? ellis loew witnesses make he at a stickup near leimert Park over the weekend . pistol - whipped a old lady . she die about a hour ago . russ millard anything common in the sex beef ? ellis loew negro girl . Young one . all the complainant have be color . lee seeya in leimert Park . as they walk out ... ellis loew sergeant blanchard ? try not to kill the man . I would like to do it in court . Lee flash a demon smile . ext . crenshaw boulevard - day - later a montage of shot as Lee and bucky cruise south on crenshaw boulevard . the beginning of the post - war boom . voice over from November through the New Year , Lee and I capture a total of eleven hard felon , eighteen traffic warrantee and three parole and probation absconder ... on crenshaw 's northern end , once grand and now dilapidate house in the process of demolition , they face replace by giant billboard advertising department store , jumbo shopping center and movie theater . voice over after tour of duty , Lee and I would go to the house and find Kay . sometimes she make dinner for we , other time the three of we would go dance , or see a flick . southbound , older wooden structure look more and more unkempt . empty lot ... voice over ( cont would ) always she would be there , never in between we , but always in the middle . it be the best time of my life . ext . / int . the car - a filling station - continuous Lee pull the car into the parking lot . jumping out of the car -- lee this grand tour stuff 's for shit . I be callin ' in some favor . he head to a payphone and being pump coin into it . back in the car - minute later Lee get back in the car . he 's pale , sweat . lee get a tip . snitch a mine say he 's shack with some poon in a crib near slauson and Hoover . bucky it 's all color down there -- lee we fuckin ' roll . he pull out . CUT to : ext . / int . the car - hoover ave - minute later Lee and bucky roll up on four man loitering on a corner . Three be black and one be white . lee hophead . let 's shake them for a address or a name . as Lee and bucky exit the car , the four man immediately start the slow walk to the wall , arm over they head . the white guy glance at Lee : white hophead what the --- blanchard ? lee shut up , shitbird . Lee push he closer to the wall and start frisk he . bucky start with one of the other man , pull out some marijuana cigarettes . out of the corner of he eye , bucky see the black man close to Lee reach for something shiny in he belt -- bucky partner ! bucky pull he .38 ... the white guy swing around and lee shoot he twice in the face -- the first black man pull a shiv free and bucky shoot he in the neck -- another of the men go for he trousers , fumble for something as bucky shoot he three time . lee bucky duck ! bucky hit the cement and get a upside down view of Lee and the last man draw gun on each other -- Lee 's three shot cut down the man before he can fire he tiny derringer . bucky pull himself to he foot , stumbling past the blood - cover sidewalk and vomit in the gutter . from the distance : the SOUND of siren . bucky pull out he badge and pin it to he jacket pocket . behind he , Lee be busy turn the dead man 's pocket inside out --scatter shiv and reefer onto the sidewalk away from the blood . all the while Lee cry like a baby . int . the 77th ST . detective ' station - later bucky and a detective exit a de-brief room . bucky look wear but compose . detective thank you for you time , Officer . and you police work , as well . they pass another de-brief area where Lee sit with another detective . Lee look terrible , mutter and shiver . detective ( cont would ) you partner 's take this hard . bucky he know one of the guy . baxter fitch . busted he once for loitering . sort of like the guy . the detective nod sympathetically . ext . lee and kay' house - night Lee and bucky walk up the front step where they be meet by Kay . she run to Lee and embrace he . kay oh baby . oh babe . she escort he into the house . bucky see a newspaper on the front porch railing . the evening edition of the Mirror . " Boxer cop in gun Battle . four crook Dead . " publicity box photo accompany a full - page article . bucky begin to read it when he hear from inside : lee leave I alone ! you will never fuck understand -- a door slam . soon after the sound of Lee 's motorcycle roaring off ... after a beat Kay come outside and sit down next to bucky . bucky he know one of the guy . she nod . bucky ( cont would ) it be they or we . she nod again . bucky ( cont would ) tomorrow 's off - duty so treat he nice -- kay Bobby dewitt get out in a week , dwight . we be on edge . he swore at the trial he be go to kill Lee . bucky we can take care of Bobby dewitt . kay Lee 's scared . you do not know Bobby . bucky I know as much as I need to know . Kay give he a look : that 's what you think . she get up and go inside . not know what to do , bucky continue read the paper . int . lee and kay' house - later bucky wander inside , obviously fidgety and not want to go home . he putter around they live room . from the back of the house bucky hear the sound of a shower running . bucky walk back to the bathroom , draw there by the sound of the drum water . the bathroom door be open , a invitation . he stop at the threshold of the bathroom . his Pov : Kay stand in the shower , curtain open for bucky 's benefit . she face he and he take in the view of she nakedness . her attitude be not one of seduction , however , she expression passive and fix even when they eye meet . she pirouettes for he , show : a series of old knife scar criss - crossing her back from thigh to spine . the history of Bobby dewitt . bucky back away , retreate as he choke back tear . int . bucky'' apartment - morning bucky 's awaken by the phone ringing . he pull the receiver off the cradle but leave it on the nightstand . from the receiver he barely hear : lee rise and shine partner ! bucky grab the phone . bucky Lee ? you okay ? lee sure . ran mulholland at a hundred and ten . play house with Kay all day yesterday . feel like do some police work ? bucky keep go . lee junior nash 's get a fuck pad on norton and coliseum . ext . the corner of coliseum and norton - soon after bucky and Lee pull up to a mangy apartment building . int . raymond nash be room - soon after they push the door open to reveal a filthy little flop litter with muscatel short dog and use rubber . lee okie trash . they poke around for a minute , find nothing . the smell be awful . bucky go to a window and pull it open . he Pov out the window : in a vacant lot across the way a cluster of uniform cop and man in civilian clothes stare at something in the weed . a coroner' van park next to three black and white and two detective ' sedan . bucky Lee . Lee go to the window . lee be that millard and sear ? a lapd photo van pull up next . Lee and bucky sprint out of the room . ext . the vacant lot - 39 th and norton - second later photo man have already begin fan out and take photo . bucky see Harry sear take a shot from a hip flask in full view of other officer . Lee and bucky elbow they way to the front and see : the nude , mutilate body of a young woman , cut in half at the waist . another wide cut down she center reveal a empty cavity -- she organ have be remove . her face have be bashed in and she mouth cut ear to ear in a leer smile . even the experience cop be rattle by the scene . they point and whisper and generally begin to fall into disbelief and disorder when russ millard whistle harshly with he finger in he mouth . russ millard before this get out of hand let 's put the kibosh on something . if this get a lot of publicity we be go to get a lot of confession . so we keep some thing quiet . this girl be disembowel . you keep this information to yourselves . not you wife , not you girlfriend , no other officer . the man all nod , come together as millard take control . russ millard ( cont would ) no reporter view the body . you photo man , take you picture now . coroner 's man , you put a sheet on the body as soon as they be do . set up a perimeter six foot back . any reporter cross it , arrest he . ( notice bucky ) bleichert . what be you do here ? where 's blanchard ? bucky indicate Lee , crouch down by the body take note . bucky nash be rent a room in that building over there . russ millard blood on the premise ? bucky no . this be not he . russ millard the lab will be the judge of that . millard and bucky look dawn the street to see car swinging onto norton , beeline for the commotion . Reporters and photographer begin pour out of they car , quickly come up against a line of cop keep they from the body . bucky make he way over to Lee , unable to stop stare at the body . bucky hey. junior nash , remember ? lee he do not do this . bucky no . he beat a old woman to death . that 's why he 's we priority warrantee . lee not anymore . bucky this be not ours , partner -- lee ( on edge ) it be now , partner . ext . the crime scene - later too sheet - cover stretcher be shove into the coroner 's wagon . the door slam shut and the car pull away . CUT to : russ millard dividing a STREET atlas into footbeat as fifteen officer ( include Lee and bucky ) wait for they assignment . a montage of questioning cop ring doorbell throughout leimert Park : officer ( to a old woman ) have you hear female scream ... bucky ( to a off- duty serviceman ) ... anyone discard woman 's clothing ? lee ( to a little kid ) ... see anyone in the lot on 39th ... bucky ( to a housewife ) ... and what about this man ? ( hold out a photo of junior nash ) to all of this question a big fat " no " . int . the olympic boxing arena - nighht bucky watch two mexican bantamweight beat each other bloody . a empty seat next to he . irritate , he get up and leave . ent . 39 th and norton - night - later bucky get out of he car and find Lee stand inside the crime scene rope watch lab tech poke around in the weed . the entire area be light up by arclight , illuminate the two quicklime outline of the body part . bucky you be suppose to meet I at the fight tonight , remember ? lee priority . remember . bucky priority for the Bureau . not for we . lee Nice white girl get snuffed . gotta show the voter they do the right thing pass the bond issue . it 's a showcase . it 's a-plus , Buck . we do not miss this . bucky we have have enough headline for the week . Lee point to the body outline . his hand shake a bit and maybe for the first time we sense he 's wire on something . lee with or without you , partner . bucky shake he head and begin walk away . lee ( cont would ) with or without you . bucky I hear you . int . the squad room - next day bucky enter a mob scene . one cop hold up a front page headline : " hunt werewolf 's de in torture slay " along a bench , five derelict - look man be manacle to a bench . a cop walk by , note bucky 's confusion : officer confessor . just then the interrogation room door open and Bill koenig lead a double - over fat man out of the door . koenig he do not do it . a couple officer clap satirically at they desk . bucky ( to another cop ) blanchard ? officer in with loew . ( beat ) and reporter . off bucky 's concerned look we CUT to : int . ellis loew' office - morning bucky walk in to see loew hold a press conference , Lee dress in a suit and sit at he side . ellis loew ... and the heinous nature of this kill make it imperative to catch this fiend as soon as possible . a number of specially train officer , include Mr. Fire and he partner Mr. Ice ... on bucky'' face disbelief . disgust . back in the warrant cubicle - later Lee catch up with a piss off bucky . bucky you get we detach ? lee slow and easy , bucky . first I give loew a memo say nash blow we jurisdiction -- bucky you do what ? lee it 's all right . the apb still stand . we have get the pad stake . he 's cover . bucky 's face say he 's not sell on Lee 's reason . lee ( cont would ) one week . just one week . after that , it 's back to junior . I promise . bucky study Lee 's resolve ; he relent . lee ( cont would ) copacetic . CUT to : int . pathology room - later antiseptic white with metallic slab table . two object cover in sheet lay on the table . bucky , Lee , Russ millard and Harry sear sit on bench face the table . the coroner and a stenographer nun stand over the body . the coroner pull the sheet off . lee Jesus , bucky . coroner on gross pathology , we have a female caucasian between sixteen and thirty . cadaver be present in two halve with bisection level with the umbilicus . the nun scribbles furiously to keep up . the officer be tear between stare at they shoe and at the body . coroner ( cont would ) ... through - and through laceration from both mouth corner ... no visible sign of neck bruise ... massive depressed skull fracture ... inspection of upper half abdominal cavity reveal no free-flowing blood . intestine , stomach , liver and spleen remove . the doctor stop to allow the nun time to catch up . Russ millard clear he throat . russ millard be it ... all right to smoke , doctor ? coroner she 's not go to mind . both Russ and Harry light up . coroner ( cont would ) lower half of the cadaver reveal removal of reproductive organ ... both leg break at the knee , and heal , light lash mark on the upper back and shoulder ... the door open and a police officer enter , hand a sheet of paper to millard and speak to he briefly . millard read the sheet and hand it to Harry , who then hand it to Lee . lee ( read ) bingo . he hand it to bucky . the note : " girl id would as Elizabeth Ann short , dob 7/29 / 24 , medford , mass . " the coroner step back from the table . coroner question ? russ millard what 's you best guess ? coroner here 's what she be not . she be not rape , she be not pregnant , dry semen indicate voluntary intercourse within the last week ... she take what I would call a gentle whipping in the last ten day ... in term of the nitty-gritty ... she be probably torture with a knife for thirty - six to forty - eight hour before death . the cause of which be either the mouth wound or more likely she be beat to death with something like a baseball bat . lee what about she inside ? coroner they come out after death . then I would say he drain the blood from the body and wash it clean , probably in a bathtub . lee do the guy know anything about medicine or anatomy ? coroner maybe . probably not a surgeon type -- but that do not rule out veterinary training , biological training , or my pathology for beginner class at ucla . have she get a name yet ? the cop look to each other , hesitant to speak she name . russ millard Elizabeth short . coroner ( salute heaven ) God love you , Elizabeth . ( to millard ) Russell , when you get the son of a bitch who do this to she , give he a kick in the ball and tell he it 's from Frederick D. newbarr , m.d . now all of you get out of here , I have get a date with a jumper suicide in ten minute . int . central division bullpen - later Jack tierney post mug shot of Elizabeth short as Russ , Harry , Lee and bucky look over he shoulder . ( in the background we can hear the by - now constant dron of Ellis loew to reporter , both in person and over the phone ) captain jack cop pop she in ' 43 . Santa Barbara . underage drink . other than that she 's clean . four sister . Parents divorced . Father 's here in LA . hear he sell some old portrait photo of she to the Herald . Russ make a noise of disgust . russ millard how many confession so far ? captain jack eighteen . russ millard double that by morning . more if loew get the press excited with he purple prose . loew ( he 's be eavesdropp ) I would say my prose fit the crime , Lieutenant . reveal loew with koenig and fritz Vogel behind he . russ millard too much publicity be a hindrance , Ellis . if you be a policeman you would know that . loew flush and give millard a dark look . ellis loew ( to tierney ) Captain have you send man to talk to the victim 's father ? captain jack not yet , Ellis . ellis loew how about Vogel and koenig ? tierney look to millard . the second in command shake he head ever so slightly . we understand that even though he 's second in command to Jack he 's in charge . captain jack aaah , Russ , who do you think we should send ? CUT to : ext . wilshire district - dusk a garage apartment at the rear of a big victorian house . Lee and bucky amble up and ring the buzzer . a skinny man ( cleo short ) in he fifty open the door , eyeing they narrowly . cleo short cop , huh ? he lead they inside . the apartment resemble its resident , soile , wear and ugly . cleo short ( cont would ) I have get a alibi , just in case you think I do it . tighter than a crab 's ass , and that be air tight . the two cop sit down , size up he hostility . bucky I be detective bleichert , Mr. short . this be sergeant blanchard . we would like to express we condolence for the loss of you daughter . cleo short I know who you be . neither of you 'da last a round with gentleman Jim jeffries . ( beat ) as for Betty , c'est la vie . she call the tune , she pay the piper . ( beat ) you wanna hear my alibi ? lee since you be so anxious to tell it . cleo short johnny on the spot at my job . twenty - seven straight hour . refrigerator repairman . twenty -seven straight and the last seventeen overtime . call my boss . he will alibi I up tighter than a popcorn fart , and that 's air tight . bucky when be the last time you see you daughter ? cleo short Betty come west in ' 43 with star in she eye . I promise she three square and a five - spot if she keep the house tidy . the cop look around at the squalor . cleo short ( cont would ) gave she the boot in July . she move to Santa Barbara . send I a postcard couple week later . some soldier beat she up bad . last I hear from she . bucky be that soldier she boyfriend ? the old man let out a hoot . cleo short they be all she boyfriend ! not so ugly and wear a uniform , can not go wrong there . Betty believe in quantity before quality . lee you call you own daughter a tramp ? cleo short get five daughter . one bad apple be not so bad . Lee 's about to burst . bucky motion for he to take a walk . Lee go through the de into the bathroom . from he view bucky can see Lee chase a couple pill with a glass of water ... bucky any name , Mr. short ? cleo short Tom , Dick , Harry . do not matter . ( he drift for a moment ) Said she be look for movie work but ... just parade the boulevard in that black get-up of hers . Lee return to the room . cleo short ( cont would ) who would not get herself kill doin ' that ? who ? who would not ? ext . cleo short apartment - minute later the two man walk out , disgust . lee Jesus fuck . we just get hand the entire U.S. armed force as suspect . bucky flip to see who write it up ? lee I be stake nash 's pad for the night . see if we get any strange drive - bys at the murder sight . do I a favor and drop in on Kay . she 's worried about I . bucky she 's a smart woman . int . lee and kay' house - night bucky open the front door to find Kay read a book on the couch . she do not even look up . kay hi , dwight . bucky how would you know it be I ? kay Lee stomp , you tread lightly . bucky appreciate she subtext . bucky Lee 's -- kay let I guess ... Lee 's up all night -- probably on benzedrine again -- work that poor girl 's murder -- she say this as fact , not judgement . she know he . kay you be worried about he . and he 's worried about I . ( beat ) but who 's worried about you ? be that leave for I ? bucky no need for that . kay for such a cautious man you be quite a hardcase . bucky it 's just ... he 's do a lot for I . Kay smile , sweep she arm around the perfect live room as if to reinforce to bucky all Lee 's do for she . the point be not lose on he . she cross to he and kiss he softly on the cheek . kay ( cont would ) good night . int . lee and kay' house - continuous bucky sit at they kitchen table , eat a ham sandwich with a glass of milk and fill out the police report . int . the homicide bullpen - morning bucky walk in read the Herald front page : a picture of Elizabeth short in a strike black dress . underneath : " the Black dahlia " . he stop at a room where two detective be sorting through a steamer trunk full of letter and assort personal effect . russ millard ( o.s. ) ( be trunk ) found it in storage down at the railway . carbon of mash note to sailor . hundred of them . bucky show he the newspaper . russ millard thank we friend bevo means at the Herald . bevo 's painting Betty and she black dress like some actress in that Alan ladd movie , the Blue dahlia . should triple we confession . bucky great . russ millard ( cont would ) Hollywood will fuck you when no else will . what do you think ? bucky I think I want to go back to warrant . russ millard no dice . you be a bright penny and I want you here . ( hand he a piece of paper ) Betty 's last know residence and ka 's . go to University Station and pick up Bill koenig . fritzie 's sick . keep Bill on a tight leash , and you write the report because billy 's practically illiterate . bucky Lieutenant -- russ millard call I Russ and get out of here . millard gesture for he to leave . ext . a apartment house - later bucky and koenig walk up to the step of a apartment house . bucky how do you want to play this , sarge ? koenig fritzie usually do the talk and I stand back up . ( be a leather sap in he belt ) muscle job ? bucky let 's try talk job . bucky check name on the doorbell against a couple name on he piece of paper . he stop at " S. saddon " . int . the hallway upstair - later bucky knock on the door . bucky miss saddon ? a young woman dress in a metallic egyptian costume open the door . sheryl you the driver from rko ? bucky Police . the woman shut the door . second later the toilet flush . she return and open it again . sheryl if this be about that jaywalk -- bucky it 's about Elizabeth short . sheryl I do all this on the phone this morning . nine thousand question about Betty 's nine thousand boyfriend and I do not remember any of the name . can I go now ? the extras truck be due any minute . bucky how about you sit dawn and answer my question or I bust you for the reefer you flushed . she let he in and sit defiantly . bucky ( cont would ) first question . do a ... ( be to he paper ) Linda Martin or a marjorie Graham live here ? sheryl that 's Betty 's other place . delongpre and Orange . bucky she move around quite a bit . you know why ? be somebody threaten she ? sheryl Betty 's problem be not enemy . it be too many friend . bucky I have gather that . let 's change the subject . sheryl how ' bout " the world of high finance " ? bucky ( cont would ) how about movie ? you girl be all tryin ' to break in , right ? sheryl ( be she extras costume ) I be in mister . bucky congratulation . what about Betty ? sheryl maybe once . maybe not . ' round Thanksgiving she show up brag about gettin ' she big break ... have one of that viewfinder around she neck ? but who know where she really get it . Betty have a tendency to -- bucky ... stretch the truth ? sheryl lie . a car horn honk . bucky walk to the window and look outside : a flatbed truck full of cleopatras wait . bucky you ride 's here -- but she 's already go . int . the car - moving - hollywood - continuous they cruise to the next address . koenig what would the cooze say ' bout I ? bucky just stare at he ; the guy 's a idiot . ext . / int . delongpre apartment build - later two man lounge on the stoop . koenig give they the eye as he pass . bucky check he piece of paper against the doorbell again . find " M. Graham " but no Linda Martin . koenig I be bored . bucky this will just take a minute . koenig I be gonna take that two guy outside . maybe they know the cooze -- bucky I will handle them sarge -- koenig no ! I be gonna do it ! ( beat ) now what do I roust them about ? bucky I dunno . ask them anything . alibis . see if Betty ever engage in prostitution ... koenig go run outside . bucky shake he head . int . a communal sitting room - later marjorie Graham sit on a couch with a dog-eare back issue of photoplay in she hand . she 's mild but well - travel . marjorie ... Betty have this gift , you see . she be so sweet and eager to please ... a bit dumb , maybe . but she would do anything to be like , become whatever you want she to be . she would walk like you , or talk like you ... but she be not ... she be still she . bucky do she ever tell you she be in a movie ? sometime around November ? marjorie sure . she have this viewfinder and show it around to all the guy . Said it be from the director . a co-starr role . bucky do she say what it be ? marjorie once she say it be for Fox . another time paramount . I think she be just fibbing . you know , for the boy . bucky do you remember the name of any of the guy ? marjorie Don and harold --sit outside . she date both of them once or twice . other than that ... I just ... do not really pay attention to who she be with . marjorie look down , fidget . bucky what be it ? you can tell I . marjorie well ... right before she move out ...l see she and Linda ... bucky Linda Martin ? marjorie yeah . her and Linda martin- - talk to this older woman up on the boulevard . she have a man 's suit and short hair like a man ... only that one time ... bucky be you say the woman be a lesbian ? marjorie nod yes . bucky 's about to press she for more when Bill koenig barge in , all sweaty . koenig they guy talk . Said the stiff peddle she twat when she get strapped bad . I call it in . Mr. loew say to keep it zipped cuz it do not look as good . bucky look at marjorie . back to koenig . bucky take they statement , Bill . I have get a little more here . Bill disappear back to the porch . bucky ( cont would ) Linda Martin 's room ? int . linda martin be room - later bucky push open the room and find it empty . he check the closet . empty . bucky run he hand under the bed . find something and pull it out . a small red vinyl purse . he open the purse . Inside be a id . he show it to marjorie . marjorie that 's she . God ... she 's only fifteen . bucky ( be card ) lorna martikova . omaha , nebraska . runaway . when would you see she last ? marjorie this morning . I tell she I would call the police to come talk to we about Betty . be that the wrong thing to do ? bucky you could not have know . ext . the apartment complex - later bucky emerge . koenig stand on the stoop with the two man , both of whom look like they might have see the wrong end of koenig 's less - than -subtle interrogation style . koenig ( be the man ) they do not do it . bucky no shit sherlock . int . a anonymous casting office - day clapstick come down in front of the camera : " Elizabeth short ... screen test # 1 . " Elizabeth short sit on a tiny chair in a cheap office . she 's dress for a audition , overly make up and nervous . man ( o.s. ) you name please ? elizabeth short Elizabeth short . Betty . Beth ... Elizabeth . man ( o.s ) relax , Elizabeth . she nod , can not relax . elizabeth short sorry . can we try it again ? man ( o.s. ) we have not even start yet . elizabeth short oh . fade out . int . hollywood station - later bucky fill out form . voice over I use a warrant cop special prerogative and issue a apb on lorna martikova aka Linda Martin . I write up my day 's report , omit marjorie Graham 's lead on the old dyke . I do not need Ellis loew quashing it along with the skinny on Betty as the part-time prostie . ext . lee and kay' house - continuous bucky pull up in front of the house . head inside ... voice over ( cont would ) to be honest , I would pretty much overdose on Betty short 's low - rent last month on earth and decide to kiss off the rest of the day and head to Lee and Kay 's for a sandwich . CUT to : close - ups of black dahlia crime scene photo spread out on Lee and Kay 's dining room table . bucky stand just inside the door watch Lee study the photo , Kay a pace or two back , smoking nervously . neither of they seem to notice he . finally Kay see he : kay hi , dwight . lee ( wire ) it be not a random job . horseshit . guy who do this ... hate she . bad . want the whole goddamn world to know . Babe , you take pre - Med , whattya think ? mad doctor ? kay Lee , dwight 's here . lee oh , hey partner . bucky listen to Kay . Babe 's get idea . good stuff -- kay this kind of theorize 's nonsense , but I will give you a theory if you will eat something to calm yourself down . lee Theory on , teach . kay well . just a guess . but maybe there be two killer . because the torture cut be crude , while the bisection and the cut on the abdomen be neat and clean ... close on : Lee 's face , somehow both intense and unfocus ... voice over Three day ' till Bobby De witt hit LA . Three day since we kill four man . back on : bucky , who turn on he heel and exit , catch Kay 's eye as he go . voice over ( cont would ) maybe nobody care . maybe they care too much . ext . 39 th and norton - dusk - later bucky cruise by the crime scene . rubbernecker gawk around the vacant lot while vendor pedal greasy food and cheap portrait glossy of the dahlia in a black dress . int . central division bullpen - bucky'' desk - night bucky sit at he desk stare at raymond nash' mugshot . he eye drift to : a wager pool sign - up list posted on the wall : a crude feel crap table with various betting space : " solve - - 2 to 1 " , " random sex job - - 4 to 1 " , " uhsolve - - even money " , " boyfriend ( 's ) - - l to 4 " ... next to it be two halve of a black dress on separate hanger ... a crude joke . bucky open up he desk drawer and drop the nash mugshot inside . he dial the phone : bucky administrative vice squad ? dissolve to : ext . the swank spot lounge - the valley - night bucky pull he car up to a low - sling building with a log - cabin facade and swinging western door . he enter . int . the swank spot lounge - continuous a dimly light lesbian bar . butch woman in GI khakis mix with soft girl in cashmere skirt suit . bucky approach a bartender . the woman size he up and slide he a whiskey . bartender beverage Control ? bucky ( down the whiskey ) lapd homicide . bartender who get snuffed ? bucky slide she a photo of the dahlia and Linda Martin 's id . bucky see either of them ? bartender huh . the dahlia 's a sister ? bucky you tell I . bartender never see she ' cept in the papers . and the little schoolgirl twist I have never see . we do not truck with underage stuff . capice ? bucky capice when you girl tell I that . CUT to : int . the bar - soon after as the photo be pass from patron to patron . aside from a few raise eyebrow over the dahlia , nothing to indicate anyone know anything . dissolve to : int . a different lesbian bar - later this time a olde English motif . bucky sip another free whiskey as a dozen more woman pass the photo around . bucky watch they reaction closely but do not see anything out of the ordinary . he take another shot of whiskey and head out the door . dissolve to : int . laverne's hideway - later a tropical motif . faux bamboo wrap -around booth shield woman snuggle deep into the dark corner . a bit buzze and embarrassed to have to go booth to booth and break up couple , bucky slowly make he way around the bar with the two photo . more of the same ... he approach a woman polish glass at the bar . slide over the photo . bucky Black dahlia . bartender no shit . he tap a finger onto Linda Martin 's id . bucky what about this girl ? the bartender pick up the card and squint at it . bucky see a flicker of recognition in she eye . she hesitates -- bartender never see she . he lean over the counter . bucky do not you fuckin ' lie to I . she 's fifteen fuck year old . so you come clean or I slap a contribute beef on you , and you spend the next five year servin ' raisinjack to bulldyke in tehachapi . the bartender look again at the id card . bartender a couple time . two , three month ago . just to cadge drink off the sister , though . she like boy , I be sure . and not the dahlia . never . out of he peripheral vision bucky see another woman just start to sit down on a bar stool but at the last minute , change she mind and make for the door . a baby spotlight catch she face ; a fleeting resemblance to Elizabeth short . bucky take a deep breath , count to ten and then go out after the woman . ext . the parking lot - continuous the woman get into a beautiful snow - white Packard . CUT to : shot of various street - night - continuous as bucky tail the white Packard from three car-length back . he follow she all the way from the Valley to hancock Park . CUT to : ext . muirfield road - hancock park - night as the woman park she car in front of a huge tudor mansion , bucky cruise by , catch she license plate and write it on a pack of match from laverne 's . in he rear view mirror he see she exit the car , a strike figure in a sharkskin suit . he watch she walk up the enormous lawn and into the home . ext . a pay phone - minute later bucky read the license plate into the phone . he receive information back and write it onto the matchbook , as well . int . bucky'' apartment - night bucky lie in he bed , stare at the ceiling . his bedside light reveal a still life : Elizabeth short 's mug shot photo tuck underneath the matchbook . the cover be flip open and we can see write : " madeleine cathcart Sprague " . int . bucky'' car - morning bucky 's listen to the dexter Gordon quartet on the radio when the tune be interrupt by a feverish voice : announcer we interrupt we regular broadcast to bring you a bulletin . a major suspect in the investigation of Elizabeth short , the raven-haire beauty know as the Black dahlia , have be capture ! Red manley , a huntington Park hardware salesman and one of the last man to be see with the dahlia , be capture early this morning . currently be hold at hollenback Station -- bucky take a quick leave down another street . CUT to : int . hollenback station jail - later bucky run into Lee as he enter the station . lee dahlia leave San Diego six day before we find she . dago cop get a witness put she in a tan dodge with a partial plate ident . finally get a cross-check that match on Red here . int . outside the interrogation room - cont . seem like every cop in town have jamme themselves into a small corridor , watch Russ millard interrogate red manley through a one way mirror . manley be carrot-topped , 25 , and scared shitless . millard 's soothing voice can be hear through speaker . millard like I say , Robert . we be do this because you do not come forward . red manley I have tell it three time now . I do not want my wife to know I be chipping she . millard but you say you do not chip on she . Betty would not put out . that 's no reason to hide from the police . red manley I date she down in dago . I slow - dance with she . it 's the same thing as chipping . millard and you want to fuck she , do not you ? red manley I want ... to test my loyalty to my wife . millard come on , son ! red manley I want to fuck she . yes . millard but she cock -tease you . red manley she say she have she period -- all of the cop outside laugh . red manley Said the father of she child would be a combat veteran -- millard and you be in the Army band . you get angry ? red manley I tell you . I do not kill she . millard you drive she back to LA with you on ... December tenth ? and drop she at the biltmore Hotel ? red manley I have tell it how many way ? how many more way do you go to hear it ? millard straighten up and turn to the one - way mirror . he tug at the knot of he tie . soon after he slip out of the room and Harry sear slip in . bucky turn to Lee . bucky welcome back to earth , partner . lee you fault , really . after you leave Kay slip I a mickey . slept for seventeen hour . bucky you fault for buy she all that chemistry class . lee learn anything interesting ? bucky no . lee ( be the interrogation ) now you will see why Russ keep Harry around . int . the interrogation room - same Harry circle Red manley , lightly tapping a metal -studd sap in he hand . lee ( be the sap ) Russ 's only rule . no actual hit . back inside the interrogation room - same Harry lean close to Red , tapping the sap on the table . his stutter completely go . harry sear you want some fresh gash , and you think Betty be easy . you come on strong and that do not work . you offer she money . she tell you she be on the rag , and that be the final straw . you want to make she bleed for real -- red manley no no no . not Betty -- Harry smashes the sap onto a glass ashtray , shatter it . Red bite down on he lip , cut it . harry sear you ply Betty with drink , get she to talk about she old boyfriend and come on like a pal , like the nice little corporal willing to leave Betty to the real man , the man who see combat -- red manley no -- Harry smashes the table again . harry sear you take she to a toolsh , maybe one of that abandon warehouse out by the old Ford plant in pico-rivera . there be some twine and lot of cut tool lie around , and you get a hard - on ... red manley no no no -- again Harry smashes the table . Red almost topple he chair backwards out of fear , only Harry 's hand a the back slat keep it from go over ... harry sear yes , reddy , yes . you think of every girl who say " I do not suck " , every time you mommy spanke you , every evil eye you get from real soldier when you play you trombone in the army band . red manley no -- harry sear ( cont would ) goldbrick , needle -nick , pussy - whipped -- red manley no -- harry sear that 's what Betty have to pay for be not it ? red manley no , please ! God as my witness ! harry sear God hate liar ! smash ! harry sear ( cont would ) tell I , Red ! tell Betty ! tell God ! red manley I do not hurt she -- harry sear tell God ! Harry smashes the sap down the table once more and then hurl the whole thing over onto its side . Red fumble out of the chair onto he knee . he clasp he hand together -- red manley the Lord be my shepherd , I shall not want ... he begin to weep . completely break . Harry turn to the one way mirror , look straight out at he audience : self - loathing etched into he flabby , juicehound face . he give the thumb -down sign and walk out of the room . outside in the hallway Russ millard meet he at the door and lead he away from the general crowd of officer . back in the interrogation room bucky watch as Lee and another officer handcuff Red and take he outside . Lee have he hand on Red 's shoulder like a kindly uncle . outside the station bucky stand on the step , take fresh air . Russ step out . russ millard good report yesterday , bleichert . bucky thanks . russ millard what next ? bucky you send I back to warrant ? russ millard wrong again . but keep go . bucky canvass around the biltmore . if Red drop she off there on the tenth maybe we can start reconstruct the last day before she get snatch . russ millard Bright penny . you be do well , bucky . run with the ball . bucky all I know be you should keep a eye on loew and he boy . I do not put it in my report , but Betty sell it outright when she need money bad enough , and loew 's be try to keep it kibosh so it will look better if he ever take it to trial . russ millard ( smile ) you call you boss a evidence suppressor ? bucky and a grandstand son of a bitch . russ millard you be a brighter penny than I think . ( hand he a sheet of paper ) Betty sighting . wilshire division . I need smart penny to eliminate the phony from the tip sheet . bucky what be you gonna do ? millard keep a eye on the evidence suppressor son of a bitch and he minion to make sure they do not try to coerce a confession out of that innocent man in the hold tank . he pat bucky on the shoulder and walk inside . CUT to : bucky canvassing the wilshire district restaurant , bar , juke joint . bucky interview every drunk on western and normandie ... voice over barflies . daytime juicer ... the longer I listen the more they talk about themselves , interweave they sad tale with the Black dahlia , who they actually believe to be a glamorous siren head for Hollywood stardom ... bucky cruise in he car into Lee and Kay 's neighborhood . voice over ( cont would ) it be as if they would have trade they own life for a juicy front - page death . I decide my report would consist of two word : " all bullshit " . in front of lee and kay' house - night bucky pull up just as Kay storm out the door and down the step , hurl a armful of paper onto the lawn . Lee storm beside she , shouting and wave he arm as they go back inside . bucky walk over and kneel down besides the papers : carbon of lapd report form , tip sheet , evidence ticket , the autopsy ... all with " E. short " type at the top . bucky oh Jesus . Kay and Lee come back out again , Kay toss out more file . kay it 's sick and it 's insane ! after everything ... and all that might happen -- lee I need this , babe . you know it . I will rent a room for the stuff but -- ( notice bucky ) you tell she bucky . reason with she . bucky she 's right , Lee . you have pull at least three misdemeanor here . it 's out of control -- bucky stop himself short , study Lee 's strain face . bucky ( cont would ) ( to Kay ) I promise he a week on it . four more day and it 's over . kay dwight , you can be so gutless sometimes . she turn on they both and go back inside . before Lee can make a wisecrack bucky kick he way through the lapd papers back to he car ... int . laverne's hideaway - night bucky sit low in he car , watch the white packard park near the front of laverne 's . he 's be there awhile ... finally the woman from the night before exit and head for she car . he jump out and walk quickly to intercept she while she 's fumble for she key . bucky slum , miss Sprague ? she sigh , exasperate . madeleine I be now . daddy spying on I again ? she pull a wad of cash out of she purse . switch to a very deat imitation of a scotchman 's burr : madeleine ( cont would ) maddy , girl , ye should not be congregatin ' in such unsuitable place -- bucky I be a policeman . madeleine well that 's a new one -- she peel off another bill . hand it to bucky . he count it out . over a hundred dollar . bucky homicide . he hand the money back . bucky ( cont would ) let 's try Elizabeth short. Linda Martin . all of she bravado drop . bucky see it immediately . he grab she purse and key and toss they on the hood of she car . bucky ( cont would ) here or downtown ? I know you know she so do not jerk I off on that or it 's downtown and a whole lot of publicity . she open the door to she car and slide in . bucky get in next to she . by the roof light he can see that she similarity to the dahlia be more in she clothes and hair , but the resemblance be still there nonetheless . madeleine ( gather herself ) this be all a fluke . I meet they at laverne 's last fall . Betty maybe one time . Linda a couple . she would come in to cadge a drink or a meal off a sister . bucky you sleep with either of they ? madeleine no . just cocktail lounge chitchat . bucky be you lez ? madeleine ( scotchman 's burr ) ye might say I take it where I can find it , laddie . bucky 's charme by she , but stay focus . bucky why would you rabbit last night ? madeleine ( exasperate ) mister , my father be emmett Sprague . the emmett Sprague . he build half of Hollywood and Long Beach , and what he do not build he buy . imagine the headline . " tycoon 's daughter question in Black dahlia case -- play footsie with Dead girl at lesbian nightclub " . get the picture ? bucky in technicolor . ( beat ) what do you talk about ? madeleine Linda talk about she boring boy back in hicktown , nebraska , or wherever . Betty talk about the latest issue of screen World . Hollywood dream , the sad nine yard . bucky Betty ever tell you about a movie she do ? show you a viewfinder ? anything specific ? madeleine on a conversational level they be right down there with you , only they be better look . bucky you be cute . madeleine you be not . look , I be tired . you want to hear my alibi so I can end this farce and go home ? bucky that 's all anyone ever want to volunteer : the alibi . go ahead . madeleine my family and I be at we house in laguna from Sunday through Thursday along with we live - in servant . if you want verification , call daddy . but be discreet about where we meet . she turn in the seat to face he directly . madeleine ( cont would ) do not suppose I can convince you to keep my name out of the papers ? bucky I do not need you cash if that 's what you be say . she touch he leg . madeleine ah , laddie ...' S not what I be say ... he know exactly what she 's say . bucky convince I . madeleine tomorrow night . eight o'clock . my address be 482 so. muirfield . bucky I know the address . madeleine not surprised . pick I up . like a gentleman . he start to get out of the car . madeleine ( cont would ) one more thing -- what 's you name ? bucky bucky bleichert . madeleine I will try to remember . he pull the purse off the hood and toss she the key . as he walk away he let out a deep breath , as if he would be hold it the whole time ... int . the squad room - next day bucky enter and find Lee at a desk , man the tip phone . lee yes , mar 'am . I understand . a werewolf and Red manley . oh no . the werewolf be Red manley . yes that would be more efficient ... Lee dutifully write down the crank on a rout slip . bucky slide into a chair across from he , brush imaginary dust off of the phone in front of he . Lee ring off . smile at bucky . lee ( cont would ) I love tip duty . bucky so ... you smooth thing with Kay ? lee yeah . I rent a room for the stuff at the El nido Motel . nine scoot a week . chump change if it make she feel good . bucky De witt get out tomorrow , Lee . I be think maybe I should lean on he . get fritz Vogel and koenig to do it -- Lee swing away in he rotate chair , knock over a wastepaper basket . bucky ( cont would ) Lee -- the phone in front of Lee ring . he snatch it -- lee blanchard . homicide . Lee listen to the call , not say anything . it go on for some time . finally bucky catch Lee 's eye . Lee make the " looney " sign with he finger . bucky 's phone ring . he pick it up . bucky bleichert . homicide . the person on the other line start rambling on . bucky take note diligently as we dissolve to : int . the squad room - later bucky 's on another call . his pile of tip sheet and rout slip have grow . behind he Lee pull on he jacket and give bucky a two - finger salute as he saunter out . voice over I logge forty - six phone tip , about half of which be reasonably coherent . Lee leave early , dodging any talk about De witt . Ellis loew stick I with write up the summary report , most of which concerned the numerous dead end lead , bogus confession and three hundred new dahlia sighting per day . it leave I gut certain of one thing : CUT to : a close up of the betting pool table as bucky drop twenty dollar on " unsolved - pay 2 to 1 " . int . another casting office - day Elizabeth short in another dress , she hair fix differently . clapstick come in again : " Elizabeth short ... screen test # 2 " man # 2 ( o.s. ) where be you from ? elizabeth short Boston . Massachusetts . man # 2 how long have you live here ? elizabeth short two year . man # 2 you have lose you accent . elizabeth short well , you know , when in Rome ... ( look nervously into camera ) why ? do you want a girl with a accent ? fade out ext . the sprague mansion - night bucky ring the bell dress in he Sunday best blazer . madeleine answer , a knockout in a skirt and cashmere sweater . madeleine look . I hate to pull this , but daddy have hear about you . he insisted you stay for dinner . I tell he we meet at that art exhibit at stanley Rose 's bookshop , so if you have to pump everybody for my alibi , be subtle . all right ? bucky sure . she lead he inside . int . the sprague mansion - continuous thick Persian carpet , tapestry , giant room with a men' club atmosphere . next to the fireplace bucky notice a stuffed spaniel with a yellow newspaper roll into its mouth . madeleine ( be the dog ) that 's balto . the paper be the LA Times for August 1 , 1926 . balto be bring in the paper when daddy 's accountant tell he he would make he first million . daddy want to consecrate the moment so he shot he . here we go -- int . a SMALL sitting room - continuous the Sprague family sit in match easy chair . no one stand up . madeleine bucky bleichert . May I present my family . my mother , ramona cathcart Sprague . my father , emmett Sprague . my sister , martha mcconville Sprague . emmett Sprague jump to he foot , pump bucky 's hand . bucky a pleasure , Mr. Sprague . emmett sprague saw you fight mondo sanchez . box the pants off he . another billy conn you be . bucky thanks . emmett sprague mondo give a good show . what ever happen to he ? bucky die of a heroin overdose . emmett sprague too bad . shame he family . ( beat ) speak of family -- both martha and ramona stand up . martha be 19 , plain and serious , with a tenacious resemblance to emmett . ( neither of whom look much like madeleine . ) ramona , on the other hand , possess a push - fifty resemblance to madeleine combine with the flaccid face and unfocus feature of a booze or drug addict . ramona ( trace of a slur ) madeleine say nice thing about you . madeleine daddy can we eat ? bucky and I want to catch a nine-thirty show . int . the dine rooom - later a black may serve large portion of corn beef and cabbage . emmett sprague dig in , lad . hearty fare breed hearty people . haute cuisine breed degenerate . bucky smile politely and begin eat . martha I want to draw Mr. bleichert , daddy . on emmett 's nod martha pull out a small sketch pad . emmett sprague you be in for a cruel caricature , bucky . maddy 's my pretty one , but martha 's my certified genius . a wince from martha . emmett sprague ( cont would ) what kind of name be bleichert ? dutch ? bucky german . emmett sprague a great people , the Germans . Hitler be a bit excessive , but mark my word that someday we will regret not join force with he to fight the reds . I kill a lot of you countryman during the war . martha do you meet balto out in the hallway ? bucky very realistic . emmett sprague a old friend stuff he . we be in the Scots regiment together . georgie tilden . he want to work in the flicker . bucky so when do you come here ? emmett sprague 1920 . Hollywood be a cow pasture , but the silent flicker be booming . georgie get work as a lighting man , and I building house . georgie get I introduce to mack sennett and I help he build that housing project he be put up -- hollywoodland -- underneath that godawful sign . bucky I always love the keystone kop . emmett sprague Old mack know how to squeeze a dollar dry , he do . he have extras moonlight as laborer and vice versa . I use to drive them over to hollywoodland after twelve hour on a keystone cop flicker and put in another six hour by torchlight . even give I as assistant director credit a couple time , so grateful he be for the way I squeeze he slave -- a screech interrupt emmett 's monologue . bucky look across the table to see ramona try to corral a potato with she fork ( the source of the sound ) . emmett sprague ( cont would ) mother ? be you feel well ? would you like to contribute to the conversation ? ramona fork a small bit of food and chew it daintily . ramona do you know , Mr. bleichert , that ramona boulevard be name after I ? bucky no Mrs. Sprague , I do not . ramona when emmett marry I for my father 's money he promise my family that he would use he influence with the City Zoning board to have a street name after I . but all he could manage be a dead - end block in a red light district in lincoln Heights . be you familiar with the neighborhood , Mr. bleichert ? bucky I grow up there . ramona then you know that the mexican prostitute expose themselves out of window to attract customer . I hear many of they know Mr. Sprague by name -- emmett Sprague slam the table . plates rattle . silence . bucky stare into he lap as madeleine grab he knee tightly . ramona ( cont would ) I will sing for my supper when Mayor bowron come to dinner , but not for madeleine 's male whore . a common policeman . my God , emmett . how little you think of I . she struggle to she foot and leave the room . her husband follow . madeleine I be sorry . I be so sorry . martha ( cheery ) Mr. bleichert ? martha tear a piece of paper out of she sketch pad . bucky take it as she walk away . angle on the sketch : a caricature of a naked bucky have sex with madeleine . CUT to : ext . the red arrow inn - later a cinderblock auto court fill with pre-war jalopy . the camera close on a dingy door . room 11 . int . the red arrow inn - room 11 - same a single yellow light illuminate the dreary flop as bucky and madeleine fuck on the bed . madeleine I be so ... sorry . do not hate my family -- do not -- they be not so bad -- bucky grab she hair -- bucky not they , I . do I . be with I . focus , madeleine pin bucky with she knee and pull he deep into she until they be no longer common policeman and rich girl slut . they be one . int . the red arrow inn - room 11 - same they hold each other , sweaty and spend . bucky well . I think you keep you name out of the papers . madeleine until we announce the wedding ? bucky you mother would love that . madeleine she 's a hypocrite . she take pill the doctor give she , so she 's not a hophead . you know how daddy really make he money ? bucky how ? madeleine he buy rotten lumber and abandon movie facade from mack sennett and build house out of they . he 's get firetrap all over LA register to phony corporation ... his " good friend " George ? disfigure in a car crash while run daddy some errand . daddy throw he scrap now -- odd job tend some rental property -- bucky you do not have to tell I this -- madeleine I want to . I like you bucky . bucky I like you , too . she look at he earnestly . madeleine bucky , I do not tell you all about Betty short . bucky Jesus -- madeleine do not be mad at I . it 's nothing . I just do not want to lie to you . bucky what be it ? madeleine last summer I be bar-hopp a lot . straight bar . I hear about a girl who look like I . I get curious and leave note at a couple place : " you lookalike want to meet you " , thing like that . I leave my number . she call . that 's how I meet she at laverne 's with Linda . bucky and that 's all of it ? madeleine yes . that 's all of it . bucky then be prepare , babe . there 's fifty cop out there comb every bar in town look for dahlia info . you could be head for the papers no matter what . madeleine serve my family right . bucky you do not mean that . madeleine no . I do not . he stroke she dark hair . bucky tell I something . why would you want to meet Betty short ? madeleine I have work pretty hard to be loose and free . but the way people describe Betty . it sound like she be a natural . bucky how do you mean ? madeleine hmmm ... she be this poor girl ... come from nothing ... but then she carry nothing with she , either . I do not know ... when you be rich sometimes you romanticize the poor ... bucky I would not know . a awkward silence as she consider she foot in she mouth . he study she for a moment . pull she close , kiss she mouth ... the arch of she neck ... they begin to move together again ... another lapd form : " Witness report : lorna martikova ... aka Linda Martin ... " ext . / int . bucky'' car - moving bucky weave fast through traffic . he whip a right turn ... ext . the caledonia lounge - continuous bucky 's car screech into the parking lot just as linda martin burst through the door and take off run . bucky jump from the car and sprint after she , the girl clutching a oversize purse to she chest as she dash in and out of busy traffic . the girl run like a fuck antelope as bucky barely miss be hit by a large Beer truck and get to the other side of the street just as Linda stumble over a curb -- send she sprawling on the sidewalk . bucky jump on she , grab she tiny fist as she kick and scream like a hell cat . he cuff she and pull she up , drag she to where she spill she purse . linda martin I be a emancipate minor and if you touch I without a matron present I will sue you ! he pick it up she purse . surprise by the heft , he open it and pull out a metal film can . her demeanor change instantly to fear : linda martin ( near tear ) please , mister ... my... my parent . int . juvenile detention hall - interrogation room - later Russ , Harry and bucky sit opposite Linda Martin . she 's pretty and small , and about to get smaller ... russ millard ... and you do not recall any of the name Betty go out with last fall ? linda martin they be just pickup . russ millard no one who would do she harm ? the girl think hard , shake she head " no " . bucky you make the casting round together . ever get any movie work ? linda martin no . bucky so what about the film can ? her eye go to the floor , tear begin to drop . linda martin it 's ... a movie . bucky a dirty movie ? she nod she head silently . russ millard you have to tell we the whole thing , sweetheart . so think it through . Harry pour she a paper cup of water . she take a sip . linda martin I be ... cadge at a bar in gardena . this mexican man - raoul or jorge or something - start talk to I . I think I be pregnant , and I be desperate wick bad for money . he say he would give I two hundred dollar to act in a nudie film . she take a large gulp of water . linda martin ( cont would ) he say he need another girl so I ask Betty . the three of we drive down to Tijuana and we make the movie at this big house outside of town . ( beat ) then he drive we back to LA . her head bow . Russ and Harry stare at she impassively . bucky be this around Thanksgiving ? she nod yes . bucky ( cont would ) do the mex give Betty a viewfinder ? she raise she head in recognition and nod yes . bucky ( cont would ) do he seem particularly interested in Betty ? do she see he again ? she shake she head " no " . bucky ( cont would ) but you see he again , do not you ? how else could you have get a copy ? Linda look sadly at bucky . linda martin after Betty ... after I read about Betty ... I go look for he in gardena . he be about to go back to Mexico and I con he out of a print . russ millard where be that ? linda martin I do not remember . on Aviation somewhere . russ millard why would you do that ? linda martin a Black dahlia stag film ? I think ... I could sell it if I have to . ( ashamed ) it be ... a collector 's item . russ millard and he willingly give you a copy of the film ? for nothing ? linda martin no . not for nothing . she look down again . the cop look at each other . Linda 's harder and more desperate than they imagine . linda martin ( cont would ) you will let I have it back , will not you ? you will not let people look at it ? now its the cop turn to look away . ext . the hallway - after Russ and bucky . russ millard whattya think ? bucky I think she 's cover on the mex angle . maybe she know he and do not want he take a smut rap . maybe he 's white . the tj stuff be sound , though . I would detach meg caulfield from wilshire clerical to play cellmate for a day . russ millard bleichert you be a very bright penny today . ( beat ) well . look like it 's blue movie night at City Hall . int . the muster room - later a projector and screen have be set up . all the big-wigs be present : Ellis loew , Jack tierney , thad Green and Chief of Police c.b. horrall . millard , Harry and Lee . a clerical assistant thread the projector as bucky settles into a seat next to Lee . on Lee 's lap be a newspaper with the headline : " boulevard - citizen 's mastermind to be released -- LA bound after 8 year of custody " lee ( raggedy ) gettin ' any ? bucky 's about to respond when the light dim and a blurred image hit the screen . it begin to focus . a title : " slave Girls from Hell " the movie : a big high -ceil room with egyptian hieroglyphics on the wall . pillar shape like coiled serpent be station throughout the room ; the camera zoom in for a close - up of two inset plaster snake swallow each other 's tail . the snake dissolve into Betty short , wear only stocking and do a inept hoochie koochie dance ... a audible breath in the muster room . a hand reach into frame , pass Betty a large cylindrical object : a dildo , scale cover the shaft , fang extend from the circumcise head . Betty put it in she mouth , suck it , eye wide open and glassy . a abrupt cut : Linda Martin , naked , lie on a divan . Betty enter the frame with the dildo ; she put it between Linda 's leg , push it inside she . Linda rotate she hip , try she best to fake ecstasy instead of pain and sadness . another cut : Betty mouth the word " no , please " to the camera . a hand push she head down towards Linda 's crotch . Betty tonguing next to the dildo ... back on the muster room the atmosphere be somber , but calm . the film continue ... chief horrall whattya think , Russ ? this get anything to do with the girl 's murder -- russ millard Long shot , Chief . Harry and I be head down to tj tonight . the mex do not play as the killer . but maybe he show it to someone -- suddenly Lee jump up , stand in front of the screen . lee who give a fuck if he do not kill she ! I have send Boy scout to the green room for less than this ! he yank down the screen with a crash and storm out of the room . the movie continue on the chalk up blackboard . int . the locker room - later Lee sit on the ground , head in he hand . bucky enter and sit on a bench next to he . lee do you see she face , bucky ? do you see ? bucky yeah . I do , partner . I do . bucky notice Lee 's still clutching the De witt article in he fist . he pries it loose . Ellis loew and Russ millard enter . ellis loew goddammit , blanchard ! I get you warrant . you be my man , and you make I look like a fool in front of the two most powerful man in the Department . if you be not Mr. Fire you would be suspend from duty already . you have get personally involved in the short case -- bucky ( hold up the newspaper ) Mr. loew , it 's not just Betty short -- ellis loew shut up , bleichert . ( back to Lee ) you be back on warrant as of tomorrow . report to I at 0800 with letter of apology for Green and horrall . for the sake of you pension I would suggest you grovel . lee I want to go to tj -- ellis loew blanchard ! poison hang in the air . Ellis turn on he heel . int . the squadron - day bucky sit in he cubicle search the dahlia file . the clock behind he read " 12:30 " . loew approach . ellis loew you have be skate around all morning , bleichert . Vogel and koenig go to Tijuana a hour ago so I need you to check out a radio car and get out there . bucky yes , sir . ellis loew and if you see that phantom partner of yours , tell he this no - show 's gonna cost he three day pay . loew walk off . bucky dial the phone . madeleine ( vo ) hello . bucky it 's I . you want to get together ? madeleine ( vo ) when ? bucky I will pick you up in forty - five minute . madeleine ( vo ) not at the house . daddy 's have a business soiree . the Red Arrow . bucky I have a apartment , you know . madeleine ( vo ) room 11 . forty - five minute . she hang up . int . red arrow motel - room 11 - later they lie naked in the bed . bucky 's lose in think . madeleine smile at I . look soft and sweet . he look anything but . buck they pick up Linda Martin yesterday . she have a stag film of she and Betty short play lez . spooky stuff . madeleine sit up . madeleine do she mention I ? bucky no . and I check through the case file . there 's no mention of that note-leave number you pull . ( beat ) Babe , I be withhold evidence for you . it 's a fair trade for what I be get , but it still shake I . be there anything you have not tell I about Betty and Linda ? she run she finger down he ribcage , teasing he box scar . madeleine sugar , Betty and I make love once , that one time we meet last summer . I just do it to see what it would be like to do it with someone who look like I and -- bucky Jesus Christ . he jump from the bed and pull on he pants . madeleine bucky that 's it , I swear . please stay -- he pull on he shirt , he handcuffs and he .38 . grab he jacket -- madeleine ( cont would ) stay sugar stay -- -- and slam the door on the way out . int . the police cruiser - later bucky steam in the car . he flip on the police radio , look for distraction . instead he get : radio dispatcher code four all unit at crenshaw and stocker . two dead , suspect dead , Raymond Douglas nash , warrant number -- ext . a korean grocery - minute later raymond nash lie dead on the sidewalk . off to one side , a short and wiry cop be describe for detective how it all go down , pantomime how he shot a escape Raymond nash . bucky stand over nash , stare at he dead feature . he walk inside . int . a korean grocery - continuous bucky 's Pov : a robbery go bad . a sixty -year old Korean shopowner lie dead behind the counter and he teenage son lie dead in a aisle . blood and green linoleum . int . the squad room - soon after bucky burst into the squad room , see red . bucky blanchard ! a cop walk through the bullpen point to the bathroom . int . the bathroom - continuous bucky kick in the door , find Lee wash he hand in the sink . he hold he hand up to bucky , blood ooze from Lee 's knuckle . lee I beat up a wall . penance for nash . bucky not good enough . bucky step into Lee with fist fly , a mad demon . he smashes he again and again , beat he only friend until Lee slide senseless to the floor ... int . bucky'' apartment - night bucky drink bourbon straight , he wrist heavily bandage . voice over lose the first bleichert - blanchard fight get I local celebrity , warrant , and close to nine grand in cash ; win the rematch get I a sprain wrist , two dislocate knuckle and the rest of the day off . whoever say win be not everything get that part right . ext . lee and kay' house - next day bucky walk into the house and find Kay there . she hold up a newspaper : the front page include the Black dahlia , junior nash , and Bobby De witt . kay ( eye red from cry ) we be famous , dwight . bucky notorious , maybe . where 's Lee ? kay I have not see he since you beat he up . bucky look ashamed . kay ( cont would ) I do not blame you . he walk to she and she hold he . bucky he 's in trouble , you know . she nod . he stroke she hair . bucky ( cont would ) De witt 's probably in LA by now . if Lee do not show up by tonight I will come over to stay with you . kay I do not want you come over here just to sleep a the couch again . bucky Kay . Lee -- she hold up a hand , wave he off . she know all this . kay you know dwight ? Fighting , cop , gun . to most people -- that 's the scary stuff . not everything else . she know he to the core . she step back , hold he hand . kay ( cont would ) luck . bucky short of win ? kay luck . int . police station - bucky'' cubicle - later bucky 's on the phone . bucky thank you very much . he ring off look very disturb as Russ and Harry arrive . bucky ( cont would ) what happen in tj ? harry sear checked for the smut pad . Goose egg . peddler -- double goose egg -- russ millard bucky . blanchard 's in Tijuana . a border cop spot he hobnob with a bunch of rough - look rurales last night . bucky exhales hard . russ millard ( cont would ) what be it ? bucky ( be he phone call ) that be County parole . Bobby dewitt buy a bus ticket at the Santa Rosa depot this morning . San Diego . transfer Tijuana . ext . tijuana - various shot - dawn bucky cruise the Tijuana street : child beggar dig for breakfast in trash can , taco vender stir pot of dog-meat stew , sailor and marine stumble out of whorehouse . rurales drive prewar chevy wear black uniform ... voice over back in LA , Linda short let slip that she " mex " be actually a local name walter Wellington , who cop to make the film but quickly provide the cop he alibi for the dahlia 's miss day . bucky park at a big pink Art Deco hotel ( the divisidero ) . int . the divisidero - continuous bucky badge the desk clerk and get a room number . he head upstairs . voice over not that this stop loew and he boy from roust spic all over town for a possible dahlia frame - up . the circus be become a farce . int . a divisidero HOTEL room - continuous Ellis loew , fritz Vogel , and Bill koenig argue . ellis loew we can not do that ! Wellington tell tierney he make the pic -- bucky open the door and the room fall quiet . ellis loew ( cont would ) bleichert . bucky Lee 's down here and so be Bobby De witt . ellis loew fuck blanchard . he 's suspend . bucky charge the da but Vogel and koenig intercept he , push he roughly back out in the hall . loew retreat to the other side of the room . vogel you know what , kid ? I get a soft spot in my heart for light heavyweight . ( chuck he chin ) you promise not to hit billy and I will help you look for you partner . ( be bucky 's rag appearance ) I will drive . you look like shit . ext . the tijuana street - various shot bucky and fritz Vogel drive past beggar swarm tourist , hooker dispense front seat blow job , zoot suit youth prowling for drunk to roll ... ext . the tijuana street - various shot the two man park the car in the middle of a car-choke street and decide to try walk . they be immediately swallow up by kid beggar shove crucifix in they face . bucky toss handfuls of coin into the gutter and the child scatter , squabbling over the coin . in the background fritz Vogel approach a rurale and talk to he . the rurale nod yes , gesture down a alley to a squat cinderblock building . CUT to : int . a filthy mexican jail - soon after Vogel and bucky walk quickly down a corridor line with empty cell . a mexican jailer unlock the last cell and the two cop walk in to face bobby dewitt the hatchet - face tough of 1939 now a grizzle and bloat well - use piece of work . he stand up , full of con bravado . dewitt cop , huh ? well at least you be american . never think I 'l be glad to see you guy . vogel why start now ? Vogel kick in the ball , drop he to he knee . Vogel smashes he with a thick backhand across the face . CUT to : bucky handcuffing bobby dewitt to a chair Vogel stand over he . vogel Lee blanchard 's here in tj , and you come here flush out of Big q . that 's a goddamn strange coincidence and I do not like it . I do not like you and I do not like be down in this rat-infested country when I could be home with my family . dewitt piss he pants . vogel ( cont would ) do you know blanchard be in tj ? dewitt ai not see blanchard since my fuckin ' trial . Vogel smashes he across the face . vogel do not use profanity with I , and address I as sir . dewitt 's head bob up and down . vogel ( cont would ) now blanchard 's scared of you . why ? dewitt man of manieschewitz , what a laugh . Lee beauty gotta be scared of I ' cause of how I flapped my trap at trial , but all I know be what I read in the papers . maybe I be thinkin ' revenge , maybe talkin ' trash to my celly , but when Lee beauty kill they nigger -- Vogel topple dewitt with a right hook and then pick he back up by the neck , squeezing the life out of he . vogel Bobby boy I do not like sergeant blanchard but he be a fellow officer and I will not have syphilitic scum like you defame he . now you risk a parole violation for a trip down here . he let go of he neck , the color return to dewitt 's face . vogel ( cont would ) why be you here , Bobby . you tell I . dewitt ( a beat dog ) I come down to cop some heroin and move it back to LA . I be meeting a guy , Felix casco , at the gardena Motel . please . do not hurt I no more . please . Vogel clap he hand together , gleeful with this bonus bust . vogel ( head out of the cell ) I be gonna call Ellis . bucky turn back to De witt , who 's much more relaxed now that Vogel 's leave the cell . bucky finish up with you and blanchard . dewitt Sir , all that 's between I and blanchard be that I fuck this cunt Kay Lake -- in slow motion -- bucky leap on De witt , grab he around the neck and choke he . De witt turn blue , he eye bulg out -- behind bucky , voice in spanish and then hand on he shoulder as ducky be hurl backwards into the cell bar . and then blackness which slowly become grey , and then back to normal as bucky find himself awaken on the floor of the cell . refocus on the scene : two rurales in jodhpur boot pick they tooth with matchstick as fritz Vogel pull bucky to he foot . bucky how long -- vogel I let Bobby boy go so we could tail he to he pal . but he blow he tail while you be catch up on you beauty sleep , which be too bad for he . CUT to : a studebaker patrol car with light flashing inside the studebaker Vogel , koenig , a rurale , and bucky ( hold a piece of ice to the back of he head ) . the car arrive at a horseshoe - shape auto court . two mexican policeman stand guard outside one of its room . int . the motel room - second later as the american cop walk in on a cordite- reek slaughterhouse . Bobby De witt and a mexican man lay dead on the floor , bullet hole ooze blood all over they . bucky note the bruise on De witt 's neck from where he choke he . bucky squint at the man , still a little disorient ... vogel the spic 's Felix casco , a know dope trafficker . maybe it be other dope scum , maybe Lee , maybe it be God . I say let we mexican colleague handle they own dirty laundry and we go back to LA and find the son of a bitch who slice the dahlia . int . kay and lee' house - day Kay sit curl into a corner of the couch , defensively . bucky sit on a small chair next to Lee 's large easy chair . kay I spend the morning with Internal affair . I tell they ... everything I know . I give they so much ... and in the end it do not seem like anything at all . bucky he will come back , Kay . I be sure of it . kay you do not know anything , dwight . but that 's what I like about you . bucky Kay -- kay I have be offer a job . Teaching sixth grade at fairfax primary . with Lee go now -- bucky he 's come back . she nod , mollify he . CUT to : a neon sign : the EL nido motel close on : room 204 as bucky jimmy the lock and push open the door . inside room 204 box of police fall scattered on the bed and desk . photo of Elizabeth short pin up all over the wall : glamour glossy , newspaper photo , enlarge crime scene grotesquerie . the amount of manpower represent here be staggering ; so much work over one girl . bucky sit down at the desk and bury he head in he hand . bucky Lee . close on : a portrait photo of elizabeth short dissolve to : fritz vogel and bucky interview a fortysomething talent agent in a slick suit . he sit at a desk with yellow starlet ' headshot behind he . Vogel lean on the desk , intimidating the man . agent ... okay , yeah . so I get she name from a producer friend of mine . met she in a bar ... room 204 -- the EL nido Russ millard and Harry sear stand goggle - eye as bucky show they Lee 's back - up file ... voice over I want to believe it be all about lee. track Lee through she ... through the file he have collect . dissolve to : russ millard meticulously sifting through the material along with bucky . dissolve to : a photo of elizabeth short dressed in black voice over stranger ' recollection of a girl 's last day lead I to a partner ... dissolve to : fritz vogel and bucky interview a hooker in a hotel lobby ... hooker ... the other girl and I , we help she out once in a while . throw she a trick if she need dough ... but she be no pro . dissolve to : kay and lee' live room where bucky watch Kay grade papers , a gulf between they . dissolve to : a autopsy photo of elizabeth short voice over but the deeper into she I get , the more I understand the detective 's old see : any dick worth he suit always take a side : the perp or the vic . dissolve to : 39 th anmd norton - the murder scene where bucky stand in the empty lot , alone . voice over most cop will tell ya ... one day you wake up and you be in the head of the killer ... angry . powerful . in control . you be the perp . dissolve to : footage from betty and linda' porn film as the camera dance across Betty short 's naked body . we close in on she , the 16 mm film become finer and finer as the sex scene transform into a live shot of betty short , writhe in ecstasy underneath a man . she and the man fuck harder and harder , faster and faster . betty short no ... please ... CUT to : bucky'' face groan with the ecstasy of ejaculation -- back on betty short beneath he - but it 's not Betty short . it 's madeleine Sprague , stare up at bucky as the two of they come simultaneously . as soon as it 's over , she look for he eye . he will not look at she . she grab he chin and turn he face to face . voice over few cop will admit to walk the harder path ...fear ...pain...loss ... few will admit to waking up in the head of the vic . he lower he face to the pillow ... int . another casting session - day another clapstick : " Elizabeth short ... screen test # 3 " Elizabeth short , look a bit more wear down , hold a script up to she face . elizabeth short ( read stiffly ) do not just walk out on I , Richard . say something . say you care say you -- man # 3 ( o.s. ) I be sorry . there 's a pause there . she stop , frustrated . man # 3 ( cont would ) maybe with a little more sadness . can you give I a little more sadness ? fade out close on : the " unsolved " sheet at the lapd betting pool . handwritten on the sheet be the constantly drop odd : " 2 to 1 " replace by " 3 to 2 " which have be replace by " even money " . the camera pan up from the betting sheet : " transfer notice ... as of 2/6/47 this officer currently assign to the Elizabeth short investigation will return to they regular duty ... wide on the scene as bucky read the list . unfortunately he name be not on it . he beeline straight to russ millard' office the quiet man look up from he desk . bucky I be not on the transfer list . russ millard I ask Jack to keep you on . bucky why ? russ millard because you be get to be a damn good detective , bleichert . and Harry 's retire in two year . need I spell it out ? bucky no . russ millard you be work this case pretty hard . or be it the other way around ? bucky smile weakly ; Russ know he . russ millard it 's not as much fun once it move to the back page , be it ? ( change subject ) I hear they arrest two mexican in juarez for the Bobby De witt murder . bucky I hear that , too . russ millard you must be relieved . bucky they have rescind the apb on Lee . if he do not show up in thirty day he 's out . russ millard he will be find if he want to be find . bucky like the guy who kill the dahlia ? Russ smile grimly . ext . fritz vogel be house - evening bucky ring the doorbell . fritz Vogel answer . vogel boyo ! glad you could make it . he clap bucky on the shoulder and lead he into the house . int . fritz vogel' live room - continuous the interior decorate equivalent of highball and pretzel , which be exactly what Vogel , bucky and Ellis loew be consume . bucky drink with the trepidation of the King 's food taster . ellis loew I call this little meeting for a couple reason , bucky . we would both like to see the short case close out and get back to normal business . bucky look impatient and Ellis sense this . ellis loew ( cont would ) we be both comer , bucky . fritzie want you for he partner when he get he lieutenancy , and -- bucky Russ millard want I when Harry retire . vogel you be too raw for he , boyo . Old Russ be a sob sister , and I be much more you type . bucky consider the truth in this . to loew : bucky what do you want , Ellis ? ellis loew very well , dwight . I will tell you . there be four confessor still be hold at City jail . they have get no alibis , be not coherent when they be first question , and they be all violent , froth - at - the - mouth lunatic . I want they reintegrated . it 's a muscle job . vogel I want Bill koenig -- ellis loew but Bill 's a bit too enamor with violence . so it 's you , dwight . yes or no ? because if it 's yes , I will make sure you be back on warrant tomorrow with a inside track to some stripe . if not , it 's homicide shitwork until Russ millard get tired of you . we both know that Russ be a patient , forbearing man , dwight . that could be a long time . yes or no ? CUT to : ext . the CITY jail parking lot - night as four manacle man be be load into a drunk wagon while bucky flip through they rap sheet and mug shot . inside the drunk wagon the four man sit in the back as bucky drive the truck . the camera pan they face . the first , loren bidwell , pale , old and palsie . voice over on my way over I play out they rap sheet in my head , try to work up a head of hate ... loren bidwell , three time atascadero loser , fall for aggravate sexual assault on minor . between prison jolt he confess to all the big sex crime . ext . a old warehouse build bucky pull the drunk wagon up to a building , its street facade illuminate : " kounty king lunch meat --serving L.A. county with institutional food since 1923 " ... the camera find the second man , cecil durkin . voice over ( cont would ) cecil durkin-- hophead , knife fighter and a jailhouse rape - of who play jazz drum with some good combos . he take two quentin jolt for arson and be catch masturbate at the scene of he last torch . at the front of the warehouse build fritz Vogel open the door and lead the man inside . int . the warehouse build - continuous a huge sawdust - cover roam , meathook dangle from the ceiling . beef dangle over half the hook . the four man look terrify . the camera find the third man , charlie issler : voice over Charlie issler be a pimp and a career confessor specialize in copping to hooker homicide . his three procure beef have netted he a year county jail time , he phony confession two ninety day observation stint at the camarillo nut farm . and the fourth man , paul orchard : voice over ( cont would ) and finally Paul orchard . Jack roller , male prostitute , and a former San bernardino County deputy sheriff . the group reach a back wall of the warehouse where four unused meathook dangle over four chair . bucky study the man 's apprehensive face as Vogel stand each one on a chair with they manacle hand hook over they respective meathook . bucky 's gaze drift back behind a large box where he see a sheet -covered table stick out . before he curiosity draw he over Vogel address the prisoner . vogel you all confess to kill the dahlia . we can not prove you do , so you be gonna have to convince we ... query on , bucko . bucky take a deep breath and head first to old man bidwell . the man 's palsy have he shaking and bucky grab the meathook above he to steady he . bucky tell I about Betty short , pop . why would you kill she ? bidwell look at he with beseech eye . vogel do not be timid , boyo . that bird make little boy suck he hog . bucky 's hand twitches on the meathook . bucky come clean , pop . bidwell I do not kill she mister . I just want a ticket to the honor farm . Three hot and a cot , that 's all . please , mister . the man 's weaken state make he argument for he . bucky move on to cecil durkin . bucky tell I about it , cecil . durkin ( laugh ) you get that line from Dick Tracy or gangbuster ? bucky catch Vogel out of the corner of he eye . measure ... bucky one more time , shitbird . tell I about you and Betty short . durkin I fuck Betty short and I fuck you mama ! I be you fuck daddy ! bucky one - two 's he in the solar plexus . his leg buckle , but he keep he foot on the chair . durkin ( cont would ) you think you clever , do not you . you the bad guy , you buddy the nice guy . older than vaudeville . bucky I be the nice guy , cecil . keep that in mind . this shut durkin up . bucky move to Charlie issler . issler ( sincere ) please . I do not kill Liz . I do not know why I do this thing , and I apologize . so please do not let that man hurt I . bucky convince I . issler I ...ca not . I just can not . bucky you be a pimp . you know Betty short ? issler no . bucky why would you confess to she murder ? issler she look so ... sweet and pretty and I feel so bad . I always confess to the pretty one . bucky you feel guilty Charlie ? you hit you girl , get them high on hop ? issler I do such nasty thing I do not know why -- Vogel strut over , put on brass knuckle . vogel this kid glove routine 's gettin ' old -- he kick issler 's chair out from under he , the pimp scream as he wrist snap . Vogel kick the remain three chair out , punctuate each with a declaration : vogel ( cont would ) Jack roller ! nigger ! baby fucker ! the man scream like die animal as fritzie zeroe in on Charlie issler . he begin punch he in the gut with the brass knuckle . vogel ( cont would ) tell I about the dahlia 's miss day you whoremonger ! tell I ! issler I ...do not ... know ... anything ! vogel tell I what you know ! he punch he in the crotch . issler I know you at ad vice ! Vogel ignore he , rabbit punch he , crack one rib and then another -- on bucky'' face know this be get out of control . he 's mesmerize by a FIRE alarm on the wall behind the man ... vogel tell I what you girl tell you ! issler retch , cough up blood . bucky stare at the fire alarm as fritz run through he field of vision , cackle . bucky refocus on the scene as fritzie return , wheeling the sheet - cover table bucky would see before . he whip off the sheet revealing : a naked female corpse , CUT in two and made up to look like the dahlia . Vogel grab issler by the scruff of the neck and jerk he down off of the meathook . vogel ( cont would ) for you cut pleasure , Jane doe number forty - three . you be all go to slice she , and the best slicer busy the ticket ! issler bite through he lip as fritzie pull out a switchblade and pop it open . bucky take in the nightmare scene all in slow-motion , the man with they break wrist , the pudgy naked corpse , fritzie with the knife ... he run for the fire alarm and pull the lever , a pierce bell ringing out as bucky run out of the warehouse and jump into the drunk wagon , tear off into the night . int . kay and lee' house - night Kay answer the door and find bucky sit on the front porch , sobbing . she move to he , touch he on the back of the neck , the stroke of she finger enough to make he stand and face she . int . the bedroom - later bucky try to talk but she put finger to he mouth . mouth to he finger . she undress he . slowly she touch he , ease he , bring he back to earth , back to humanity . to she . and finally they be join . CUT to : another typewritten sheet : " lapd transfer order : Officer dwight bleichert ... from : Central warrant ... to : Foot patrol , swingwatch . Central Station ... " ext . skid row - evening bucky pick he way through pass - out drunk and bum . he 's back in uniform . voice over East 5th Street from Main to Stanford . blood bank , liquor store sell half pint and short dog exclusively , fifty - cent - a- night flophouse and derelict mission ... down the STREET two officer brutally herd wino into a drunk wagon . bucky turn and walk the other direction , refuse to help . they see he and sneer . voice over banish by Ellis loew , who dare I to try my word against a twenty - two year man and the city 's future District Attorney . I confine the truth to Russ and Kay , and determine to spend my shift try to be the worst foot hack in history . he hand a quarter to a drunk as he pass , urging he with he nightstick to crawl back into a bar . int . EL nido - room 204 - night Russ millard pore over a file in they private collection . bucky sit with he foot up on the bed , flipping through a folder ... voice over a month pass . the dahlia lead dwindle to zero and every officer except Russ and Harry be return to they regular assignment . as for I , I would be able to contain my dahlia interest within the wall of the El nido . bucky eye a dahlia photo pin to the wall . voice over ( cont would ) still , I remember what madeleine say when I tell she we be through ... int . the red arrow motel - night madeleine sit on the bed fully dress . bucky stand in the doorway . madeleine you will be back . ( beat ) I look like she . bucky turn and leave as we CUT to : int . kay' bedroom - night where Kay and bucky sleep in bed , lock as spoon . safe . voice over but sometimes Betty come to I ... int . the meat warehouse - night - a dream bucky watch fritz Vogel beat the hell out of Charles issler as he hang off the meathook . in the background , Betty short stand and scream : betty short bucky ! no ! stop he ! ( cry ) I will do whatever you want ... issler I will be okay .... Liz ... bucky turn and stare at she . close on bucky'' blazing eye millard ( vo ) bucky . what be it ? int . the EL nido - same as bucky stare across the room at a picture of the dahlia . millard sit at the small desk , wait for he to come back . russ millard bucky . bucky finally see Russ again . bucky you ever hear anyone refer to Betty as Liz ? anyone at all ? russ millard nope . bucky issler do . russ millard the pimp ? I think he say he would never hear of she . bucky you know what else he say ? a flashback - the warehouse as Vogel crack issler 's rib . vogel what do you know about the dahlia 's miss day ? issler I know you at ad vice -- int . the police station - night Harry sear cradle the phone in he ear as he flip through a large metal file cabinet . behind he the glass door read in reverse : " administrative vice ' . harry sear ( into phone ) N - n- no , Russ . no file on issler . go . back at the EL nido - same bucky and Russ sit in silence , think . they know they be onto something ... bucky fritzie do not give a damn about that other three . it be all about issler . never occur to I before . bucky get to he foot . bucky ( cont would ) meet I back here . late . russ millard Bright penny -- but bucky 's already out the door . ext . fritz vogel be house - night bucky stake out the dark house . ext . vogel' service porch - later bucky slip a oil dipstick into the narrow crack of the back door and flip the simple hook and eyehole lock . he slide into the house ... int . fritz vogel be house - continuous as bucky creep through the house until he get to a close door . he open it , enter fritzie's study he stumble along the wall until he find a stand gooseneck lamp and turn it on . the wall be cover with picture of fritzie in uniform , dating back twenty - five year . bucky bend down in front of the small mahogany desk and begin rifling through its file drawer . what he find surprise he : -- carbon of official lapd intelligence report , list of account balance , financial dealing , payment make -- all cross -reference to each individual be investigate . a veritable how - to primer on how to extort from criminal .. bucky dig deeper into the file and pull out : issler' ad vice file complete with mug shot . bucky hello , Charlie . get lose ? bucky scan the file , run he finger down the list of name , look for something familiar . he stop at one : " sally stinson " . beside she name a handwritten note : " biltmore Hotel " . he write it down and move to another list of name : " known associate , no prostitution record " . and there it be : " Betty short " . int . bucky'' car - later bucky bop to jazz on he radio , pump with adrenaline . int . the EL nido - night bucky tear through a file as Russ watch . russ millard so good ol ' fritzie 's shaking down crook , maybe sellin' them tip -off before a roust . bucky I want he nail . russ millard easy , penny . they would have to testify against he first . and that 's not likely after he burn that carbon . but this issler business -- why hide the issler - Betty connection ? bucky ( find a file ) maybe Charlie pimp she out ... to somebody fritzie do not want we to know about ... a flashback - the warehouse as fritz beat on Charlie - - fritzie tell I what you know about the dahlia 's miss day -- back to the EL nido bucky read through a letter . bucky I know it . here . Betty write to one of she phantom serviceman boyfriend : ( read aloud ) " ... have drink with a great girl , Sally stinson , who think she way be able to help I get a job cocktail ... " russ millard cocktail . bucky yeah , I know . that 's what make it stick with I ... what next , padre ? russ millard you sit tight . go hack to swingwatch . I and Harry will poke around . bucky ( displease ) I want he . russ millard you will get he , too . but you have get to cool you temper . it 's all patience with the big fish or they wriggle off . int . kay' bedroom - late night bucky lie awake while Kay sleep . voice over what keep I up that night be not the idea of fritz Vogel extort criminal , or fritz Vogel brace Charlie the pimp to see if Betty have tell he something about one of she john ... maybe even Vogel , himself ... no ... a flashback - fritz vogel' house Ellis loew , fritz Vogel and bucky drink cocktail and eat pretzel ... voice over ... what keep I up be this think : if issler blabbe about Liz and she trick I would have overhear . fritz be confident he could keep I quiet . Ellis and fritz clink glass ... smile at bucky . voice over ( cont would ) and that be a underestimation I would bleed he for . back in kay' bed her hand brushes against he cheek . he reach for it . over this scene we hear a phone ring and the following exchange . bucky ( vo ) hello ? russ millard we have find she . meet I at 1546 North havenhurst in half a hour . int . the police station - same as bucky hang up the phone . try to look casual he sidle over to a desk with fritz vogel on the name plate and snag a photo of fritz and johnny off the desk ... int . sally stinson' apartment - day a wear woman in she early thirty ( sally stinson ) sit on a stack of luggage , Russ and bucky in chair . she wear a cheap kimono and too much makeup for the middle of the day . she hold the photo of the vogel . shake out she hair and close she kimono a little . sally I do a lot a cop , you know . come with the territory . Charlie use to say it be my union due . keep my operator 's license . she laugh a little , try to loosen herself up . buck ma'am . please get to it . sally anyway . it be a full - day job . c- note and a half . kept talkin ' about givin ' I " the Big schnitzel " ... more like a cocktail frank once we get down to it ... well , we screw the whole afternoon ... go down to the lobby for some dinner and there 's Liz , sittin ' by herself . bucky you would hook with she before ? sally Three or four time . conventioneer . and lemme tell you something , I be pretty good at fake it . but Liz , she be good . a virtuoso , Academy Award kind of stuff -- bucky -- she do dyke ? russ millard bucky -- sally no. nothing like that . bucky any porn ? sally no . but I bet she would be gooood ... russ millard ma'am . sally ( cont would ) anyway , we all get to talk ... schnitzel take a like to she and Liz tell I she need the dough . so I set up a trick within a trick ... I take a breather and they go at it in the bedroom . a couple hour later Liz leave . bucky do anything unusual happen ? Sally think ... sally I think it get a little kinky . he would bring a couple toy ... he may have ... whipped she a bit . Russ and bucky glance at each other , remember lashmark at the autopsy . bucky do Vogel say anything about Liz ? be he gonna see she again ? anything ? sally he say ... she like the Big schnitzel . russ millard anything else , miss stinson ? her face cloud over . sally two day ... after ... Liz get in all the papers ... she have a hard time go on . bucky ( help she out ) be this when you pimp Charlie confess ? sally ( compose herself ) yeah . bad habit . anyway , fritzie V. show up and shake I hard about Charlie , whether he would say anything about Liz to the cap . beat I bad . Real bad . she lift she head . tap she nail on the suitcase underneath she . bucky one last time to be sure . ( point to fritzie 's picture ) you be sure this be the man that you trick with ? and trick with Liz short ? a puzzle look cover she face . sally no mister you get it all wrong . bucky but you say -- sally fritz just beat I . it be sonny I and Liz do . sonny . she tap she finger on John Vogel 's face . sally ( cont would ) I would recognize that lousy fuck anywhere . off bucky and Russ ' shock we CUT to : ext . / int . russ millard be car - later as they cruise the street of skid row . while Russ talk bucky fill a hypodermic needle with a amber liquid ... russ millard I will be a chimp 's priest , Buck . a chimp 's priest -- watch the air bubbles -- I shoulda know that johnny I d need a pro to lose he cherry ... never have them for a kink and a cherry , though ... bucky point out the window . bucky there . outside on the sidewalk johnny Vogel wrestle with two drunk , kick at they as they scamper into some trash . bucky ( exite the car ) johnny -- johnny amble over to bucky . johnny vogel whatcha doin ' in civvy , bleichert ? bucky drill he in the solar plexus , double he over . he grab Vogel by the hair and slam he head into the roof of the car as johnny 's light d Im ... CUT to : the backseat of the car - second later as Russ millard inject the needle into johnny 's arm . CUT to : int . the EL nido - day johnny Vogel handcuff to a radiator , he head bob back and forth . his eye try to focus on Russ and bucky . russ millard pentothal 's good for another couple hour . no way he can lie . johnny 's eye drift to the picture on the wall . bucky Elizabeth short , shitbird . Elizabeth fuck short ! Russ touch bucky 's arm , urging he to sit back . russ millard there 's a method to this , bucky . ( focus on johnny ) what 's you name , son ? johnny ( slurring ) you know I , loot . russ millard answer I anyway . johnny Vogel , John G. russ millard what 's sixteen and fifty - two ? johnny uhmmm . sixty-eight . why would you hit I bleichert ? I do not do you no dirt . russ millard focus on January , johnny . you father -- johnny friedrich Vogel . fritzie . russ millard yes. fritzie . he want you to lose you cherry . he buy you a woman for two day . be that right ? johnny not a woman . not a real one . a hoooer . johnny turn the syllable into a long laugh . russ millard this be at the biltmore ? johnny daddy get a good rate on the room . he know the house dick ... this be not right ... russ millard we will be do soon , johnny . you meet Liz short at the biltmore , too ? johnny what 's she name introduce I ... the hooer . russ millard and what do you and Liz do ? johnny we ... play horse and rider . gave she the Big schnitz . russ millard do you whip she ? johnny think back , he head lolling to and for ... johnny softly . so so softly . horse and Rider . russ millard johnny . do you kill Liz short ? johnny jerk back spasmodically . johnny no no no no ! I do not kill she ! russ millard easy son -- johnny I do not slice she ! russ millard it 's all right ... do you know who do ? johnny no ! no ! johnny 's start to sweat . Russ and bucky lean in ... russ millard when you daddy find out you would be with she , he try to fix thing do not he ? johnny nod yes . russ millard ( cont would ) he find out Charlie issler have be pick up and he know Charlie have this confess problem , right ? johnny daddy ... go to Ellis ...to the jewboy . want to get Charlie release ... but the jewboy say no ... daddy have a morgue friend owed he a favor and get this doa cooze ... daddy want uncle Bill but Ellis jewboy say take bleichert . ( look right at bucky ) daddy say you would do it cuz without blanchard you be jelly . Said you be a sob sister , weak sister ... johnny start laugh hysterically , shaking he chain hand like a zoo animal try to get loose . Russ step in front of a red-hot bucky -- russ millard ( to bucky ) I think you should go outside . ext . the FIRE escape - later bucky sit out on the fire escape watch car drive by . Russ lean out the window and hand bucky the statement . russ millard his statement . sign . bucky read it and slip it into he pocket . russ millard we should sit on this for a little bit . until I can talk to a legal officer . bucky shake he head no , climb back inside the window . int . the HOTEL room - day bucky handcuffs johnny 's hand behind he back as the big man cry ... johnny daddy ... russ millard ( to bucky ) it 's the shithouse until you retire , you know that . bucky I owe she this one . he squeeze johnny 's handcuffs tighter . int . hollywood station - book - night Reporters follow bucky and johnny inside , pique by the sight of a plainclothes officer escort a cuffed uniform inside . bucky no comment ... no comment ... ( whisper in johnny 's ear ) tell you daddy I know everything . include he extortion deal . tell he I be goin ' to the papers tomorrow . he approach the desk sergeant . desk sergeant what the hell be this ? a flashbulb go off in they face . johnny sob . bucky I be Officer dwight bleichert and this be Officer John Vogel . he hand over johnny 's sign statement . bucky ( cont would ) Book he . another flashbulb . ext . central station - later bucky jog up the step inside . int . the locker room - later he dress in he blue uniform , prepare to go back to work . intercom Officer bleichert , go to the watch commander 's office immediately . bucky brushes imaginary dust off he shirt and grab he hat . int . lieutenant jastrow' office - soon after bucky walk in , salute like a idealistic rookie . jastrow stand , ignore the salute . jastrow you be on two week vacation leave as of now . when you return to duty , report to Chief Green . he will reassign you to another division . bucky why ? jastrow fritz Vogel just blow he brain out . that 's why . all bucky can think to do be salute again , rock firm . he walk outside and cross into int . the muster room - continuous cramme with blue await roll call . they all stare at bucky ; he meet the eye that seek he , make they look down . defiant . as he pass he can hear the hiss : " traitor " . " bolshevik " . he continue towards the door , almost out when suddenly he hear applause . bucky turn to see , Russ millard , Harry sear and thad Green clap good - bye ... int . the casting office - day clapstick : " Elizabeth short screen test # 4 " she sit on a ugly brown sofa , side in she hand . silence . man # 4 ( o.s. ) be you all right , miss short ? she look up , see the camera as if for the first time . man # 4 ( cont would ) why do not you just ... talk . elizabeth short what do you mean ? man # 4 put the side down . just ... talk to I . elizabeth short what would you like to talk about ? man # 4 I do not know ... anything ... do you have a boyfriend ? fade out ext . the santa monica pier - night Kay and bucky sit on a bench , look out at the water . kay I could take sick day . maybe a trip to Santa Barbara , or even a drive to San Francisco ... bucky Kay . fay you do not owe he a thing , bucky . I know you will not believe I . but you have more than repaid he already . he look at she and she know it 's useless . kay ( cont would ) when ? bucky first thing . she take he hand . kay you be a fool , dwight . ext . the san diego freeway - late morning as bucky cross the border into Mexico . voice over I close out my glory day the only way I know how -- I chase the go man . ext . tijuana street - various shot - day bucky hand out penny and nickel to local , flash both he badge and snapshot of Lee . CUT to : bucky and a entourage of trailing local as bucky try to shake they , pull out he pocket to show they he have no more coin . CUT to : bucky questioning tijuana cop graduate from small change to one dollar bill . same of they seem to have storey to tell . voice over I get headshake , bullshit broadside and a strange series of tale that ring true . one have " el blanco explosivo " beat the shit out of three jack roller , then buy off the cop with double - saw peel from a large roll . another have Lee donate 200 scoot to a leper ministry priest and then drive to ensenada . ext - the coastal road - late afternoon as bucky drive South , pass a sign which say " ensenada 60 MI . " he pass a cluster of family walk on the side of the road . they carry suitcase and head North . ext . the coast road - near ensenada bucky approach ensenada . the trickle of family head north have now become a roadside migration march . every fifth of sixth marcher carry a torch or lantern . ext . the CITY limit of ensenada - night bucky cruise slowly into town and the most blatant shakedown he 's ever see : rurales in brownshirt walk from peasant to peasant in the northbound migration line , take money and attach tag to they shoulder with staple gun ; plainclothes cop sell bag of beef jerky and dry fruit , put coin into dispenser attach to they belt . two rurales pull a man out of line and beat he senseless with the butt of they saw - off shotgun . voice over I decide it would be wise to check in with the law before go out to question the ensenada citizenry . ext . the ensenada police station - night bucky stand outside a convert church with the word policia paint in black over religious scene . int . the police station - night Velvet wall hanging depict Jesus decorate the entrance hall . blackshirt lounge on convert pews , a huge carve cross on the front desk betray its altar origin . bucky slide the rurale at the desk he badge and a dollar . the man saunter off down the hall . int . the police chief' office - minute later as bucky be escort in . the man sit behind the desk look up . in flawless English : captain vasquez Officer bleichert . come in , please . I be Captain vasquez . how can I help you ? bucky exchange he badge for a photo of Lee . bucky this man 's lapd . he 's be miss in Mexico since January . he be last see head here . vasquez study the photo . bucky sense a twitch ... captain vasquez no. I be afraid not . I will ask my man , however . stay the night ? bucky at least . vasquez be you here alone ? bucky I have two partner wait for I in Tijuana . vasquez nod , hard to know if he believe bucky any more than bucky believe he . bucky ( cont would ) if you do not mind I will check back in the morning . captain vasquez please . CUT to : int . a fleabag motel room - later bucky squeeze a bit of brown water onto a handkerchief and wipe he brow off . he kick he travel bag underneath the bed and head out . ext . the hallway - continuous as bucky pull two hair from he head and spit-glues they to the door jamb . ext . the ensenada street - night garish neon , military personnel . brownshirt pack serious weapon keep the mostly white street crowd in order . he Pov : a adobe streetfront with a neon sign : " club boxeo " . bucky go inside . int . the club boxeo - continuous bucky find a brightly light room fill with sailor and half - dress mexican stripper . he stand on he tip-to try to see over the crowd to find somebody with the air of proprietor . cn a far wall : box publicity still . he wander over . close on the wall of still : a row of light - heavies : Gus lesnevich , billy conn , and bucky . Three still over , next to Joe Louis , be Lee 's photo . they all look so young ... so good ... a old voice in English break he reverie : old man bleichert ? Jesus . first blanchard , then you . who 's next ? Willie pep ? bucky wheel and find himself face to face with a old man . bucky blanchard ? you have see he ? when ? old man couple month ago . heavy rain in February . musta talk fight for ten hour straight . you know blanchard think the feather be the best division ? I , it 's the middy for sure . La motta , graziano -- bucky be he still in town ? old man do not think so . I own this place . he be not be back . you lookin ' for a rematch ? bucky I be look to get he out of a shitload of trouble . the old pug look he up and down . old man well . I will tell ya the little I know . Heard he cause a ruckus over at the Club Satan , have to bribe he way out big with Captain vasquez . talk to Ernie the cook . tell he I say to be kosher with you . bucky thank you . old man you be not be in there . int . club satan - later bucky walk into the biggest sewer you have ever see . the bar be a urinal trough where marine and sailor masturbate while go down on nude woman squatting on the bartop . blow job be be dispense underneath table face the bandstand . up on the stage a man in a Satan costume be fuck a woman on a mattress . next to he , a donkey with red velvet horn pin to he head eat hay out of a bowl while drunken serviceman shout " donkey ! donkey ! " bucky be accost by a disgusting old woman . old woman you want ' the bar , handsome ? Breakfast of champion , one dollar . round the world , two dollar . bucky Ernie . I need to see Ernie . old woman vamanos ! and grab he by the arm ... int . the kitchen - continuous ernie , a half - mexican half - chinese man , stand next to a huge vat of stew . bucky flash Lee 's photo . bucky I hear this man give you some trouble a while back . ernie who want to know ? bucky flash he badge , give he a glimpse of he gun . ernie you he friend ? bucky he 's my best friend . the chef tuck he hand into he apron , fidget . ernie you friend drink fourteen shot of my best mescal , a house record . that I like . he make toast to dead woman . that I do not mind . but he try to fuck with my donkey show , and that I do not take . bucky what happen ? ernie four of my guy he take , the fifth he do not . rurales take he home to sleep it off . bucky that 's it ? Ernie casually pull a switchblade out of he apron and scratch the back of he neck with it . ernie finito . ext . the club satan - later bucky walk outside and begin weaving he way back through the crowd . out of the corner of he eye he catch a couple rurales who seem to have take a interest in he . he dodge down a alley and cut down another street , break into a slow jog . ext . another STREET - second later bucky walk backwards , check the crowd . he 's lose they . int . the fleabag motel - later bucky stand in front of he door . he run he finger up and down the door jamb . the hair be go . with one swift kick he break down the door . int . the motel room - second later a white man stand with he hand raise . man whoa , bleichert . I be a friend -- bucky gesture with he gun for the man to hit the wall . he frisk he , pull out a wallet and toss on the bed . man ( cont would ) milton dolphine , citizen of San Diego and a license private dick . I get seventy buck in there but that money 's jackshit compare to what blanchard be hold . you go partner with I and it 's easy street -- bucky kick the man' leg out and push he to the floor . bucky you tell I all of it and you watch what you say about my partner , or it 's a b&amp ; E roust and the ensenada jail . dolphine pull himself up . dolphine you mean vasquez ? how do you think I know to follow you ? he 's get a vested interest in you not find out about blanchard . bucky eye the door . bucky do he know I be stay here ? dolphine no . bucky step back from dolphine . bucky so. let 's hear it . dolphine about a month ago this mexican woman show up at my office in dago . chubby , ten ton a makeup , but dress to the nine . offer I five hundred to find blanchard . just like you I track he here where he 's play the rich gringo -- a flashback - lee tearing up a ensenada bar dolphine I even see he beat up two spic who insult this senorita -- rurales stand by and do nothing . so I know he 's pay protection dough . a lot of it . then I hear he pay off two plainclothes rurale to snuff a coupla guy in tj - - a flashback - bobby do witt and felix casco blown away ... dolphine I leave a message in dago for the woman tellin ' she what I know ... bucky what 's she name ? dolphine delore Garcia . but it be obviously a phony . casco run with some rich bimbos and I be betting she 's one of he . revenge on blanchard for offin' Felix . bucky tighten he grip on the slat of a wooden chair . this be hit he hard . bucky go on . dolphine I come back to ensenada on my own , think about all that cash he be flash . bucky 's jaw clenches . dolphine ( cont would ) you wanna hear this ? bucky go on . dolphine blanchard 's dead . bullet in the cabeza . ( beat ) rumor be they never find any money . bucky 's head begin to reel ... dolphine ( cont would ) maybe the rurales . maybe that woman or friend of hers . who know ? I figure blanchard be rogue , figure someone like you would come lookin ' for he . maybe have a line on where the cash be . you know blanchard , maybe we can -- bucky backhand dolphine hard , knock he off the chair . dolphine ( cont would ) look I do not know it be personal ! do not hit I again -- bucky have he gun out , levele at dolphine . bucky prove it to I . prove it ! ext . the backroad of ensenada - night dolphine drive he car while bucky train he gun on he . they come over a ridge and find themselves on a big bluff overlook the ocean . a huge wooden burning cross mark the spot . dolphine the local keep the damn thing light up . they get a lotta miss relative . bucky you get a shovel ? dolphine garden tool -- bucky good enough . ext . the bluff - later bucky scavenge a spare piece of picket fence , wrap it in a rag and light a torch off of the cross . dolphine kick at a filthy american flag in the sand . dolphine here . suppose to be near el bannero . CUT to : a SMALL shovel pushing into the ground as dolphine dig at gun point . after a few stroke the crunch of the shovel hit bone . bucky terrify to look but have to know -- --a white jumper -- dolphine sailor 's uniform . it 's a sailor ... bucky breathes out hard . unbearable . dolphine dig on , push the corpse out of the way and digging further into he sand . bucky can not stand the suspense . he tuck he gun into he waistband and grab the shovel . after a few more stroke the thump of something solid . and suddenly it 's there -- sunburn pink skin , blond hair and stitch scar on the eyebrow . Lee blanchard . Lee blanchard . Lee blanchard . and bucky 's in dolphine 's truck while dolphine 's scream for he to wait and bucky slam the truck in reverse , knock the burn cross to the ground and grind out out of the sand onto the road , head north and leave dolphine and Lee alone at the grave ... head north like a refugee ... ext . kay' house - dawn bucky 's car roll up slowly as he kill the engine , try not to make any noise . the sun come up , illuminate bucky 's filthy face as he watch the picture - perfect house , wishing time would stand still . or better yet , wishing it would go back ... finally he get out of the car and begin a long walk into the house . dissolve to : a lapd chaplain reading solemnly from a bible but as the camera pull back we see bucky in he dress blue stand next to Kay in a wedding dress . ext . the backyard of kay' house Russ millard and Harry sear stand by as the only two guest . voice over Lee and Kay have live in sin ; not because they shack job be against department reg , but because the ghost of they past have force they to choose between love and passion , the veneer of a " fairy tale " only a band - aid for a fracture life . dissolve to : lee and kay dancing together as Harry and Russ drink from a punch bowl ... voice over we true vow be make in private ; bury the past , bury we ghost , and as Kay say , " bury that fuck girl " ... another lapd transfer form : " Officer dwight bleichert ... reassigned to : Scientific investigation detail " int . the lapd science lab - day bucky with plastic glove on type blood with a eye dropper and a test tube . meticulous and boring . News radio play in the background ... a detective poke he head in : detective bleichert ? you get that print for I ? bucky pull a file out of a stack and give it to he . the nonchalance of a man whose job have become routine . detective ( cont would ) thanks . we gotta hot one I think . bucky smile politely and return to he desk . the radio : announcer ... result in the 1948 Republican primary be final ... John dougdale trounce d.a. Ellis loew 64 % to 36 %... in county primary ... this get a smile from bucky as he return to he test tube and beaker . int . a apartment - crime scene - day detective comb through a murder scene as bucky collect latent fingerprint off doorknob . no one pay he any attention . he 's be relegate to the worst kind of purgatory . int . the kitchen - morning bucky and Kay drink coffee and read the morning paper . she absently stroke he free hand . bucky intently read the front page . the headline read : " CITY council investigate ' 20 boom baron for shoddy home construction " . underneath , a picture of Sprague and mack sennett pose in front of the hollywoodland sign . he 's startle by Kay tapping she finger on the photo . kay that remind I of something , dwight . bucky try to hide he panic . bucky what ? kay floorboard 's loose near the closet . think you could fix it ? bucky ( relieved ) sure , babe . the phone ring . bucky answer it . bucky ( cont would ) hello ... hey Vic ... bucky write something on a piece of paper . hang up . bucky ( cont would ) gotta go . work - up on a probable gunshot suicide . kay sound lovely . where be it ? bucky hancock Park . ext . a colonial mansion - JUNE STREET - morning bucky ring the bell . he 's dress plainclothes and carry a technician 's canvas bag . a attractive woman in she early fifty open the door . woman yes ? bucky I be Officer bleichert . lapd . my I express my condolence , Mrs . -- woman Jane Chambers . condolence accept . you be the lab man ? he nod yes . she let he in and he follow . jane chamber it 's the study in back of the dining room . you will see the police rope . if you will excuse I , I will be in my garden . he notice for the first time she 's dress for gardening . int . the study - morning bucky step over the police rope and into the study . a large desk chair lie overturn a the ground next to a tape outline of a body . Three foot away lie a shotgun . behind the chair the brown spattering of blood and brain decorate the white wall and crown moulding . CUT to : a series of shot as bucky measure the splatter mark on the wall , scrape tissue from the muzzle of the gun , dust it for latent print , etc . at the end he wrap the gun in a plastic bag . int . the hallway - continuous as bucky step over the police rope and walk back towards the main foyer . he stop short . on the opposing wall hang a disturbing painting : the portrait of a clown , a young boy do up in court jester 's garb . his body be gnarled and hunch . he wear a stuporous ear - to - ear smile that look like one continuous deep scar . it be eerily reminiscent of Elizabeth short 's death wound . spook , bucky pull he eye away and settles they on nearby family photo -- two young woman link arm in arm . jane chamber the other survivor . pretty be not they ? she arrive next to he , dusty with soil . bucky like they mother . how old be they ? jane chamber twenty - one and twenty - three . be you finish in the study ? bucky yes . tell whoever clean it up to use pure ammonia ... ( look at the two girl ) Mrs. Chambers -- jane chamber Jane . bucky Jane , do you know madeleine and martha Sprague ? the next block over ? jane chamber ( snort ) that girl and that family . how do you know they ? bucky I do a little work for they once . jane chamber consider it lucky if it be a brief encounter . bucky how do you mean ? the hallway phone ring . Jane move to answer it . jane chamber back to condolence . thank you for be so nice , mr.-- bucky bucky . good-bye , Jane . jane chamber good-bye . int . the crime lab - later bucky write up a report . VIC poke he head in . VIC you finish work up the suicide , bucky ? bucky yeah . pretty routine . whattya know about the husband ? VIC eldridge Chambers ? widow say he be depressed , fail health . the terrible burden of all that money will get you every time . bucky wonder how he make it ? VIC no mystery there . Real estate . bucky oh really ? int . the garage - evening the garage door be open to the evening air . bucky 's heavy bag and speed bag hang on hook . bucky lean against a stool , a large box open on the work bench . inside the BOX bucky brushes aside a clutter of junk and pull out a photo album . he open it and begin flipping through : article and photo concern Elizabeth short . mostly photo . it 's like a man in a mid-life crisis fantasize about he high school sweetheart . off one of the photo we dissolve to : another elizabeth short casting session " Elizabeth short ... screen test # 5 " she ramble on , almost oblivious of the camera . elizabeth short ... I have a fiance , Captain Matt durand . he be in a tank battalion . a Commander . he have ... the fiercest blue eye . like the deep water you see from a fishing boat ... she 's lose in think ... we be not sure whether this be a scene , she real life , or just a sad lie ... the noise of a car approaching back to scene bucky drop the album back in the box as Kay 's car pull into the driveway . he cover it back up . kay ( get out ) what be you do ? bucky I be ... look for the hammer . she point over he shoulder to the hammer hang in plain view . int . the bedroom - later bucky kneel on the ground near the closet , toolbox next to he . he pull on the floorboard , it flexe and squeak . he use the hammer to pull the board completely off . he squeeze wood glue around the edge and be about to replace the board when something under the floor catch he eye . he reach into the hole , pull out stack of hundre dollar bill bound with rubber band . he spy another scrap of paper in the hole ... int . the kitchen - same Kay pour two scotch . kay dwight ? she carry the scotch into the bedroom and find dwight sit on the floor , stare at thousand of dollar in cash . he hold a paper money band inscribe : " $ 100 ... boulevard - citizen Bank ... " kay ( cont would ) oh. I ... always wonder where he keep it . the boulevard -citizen bank heist - a flashback a shotgun blast shatter the back window of the armored truck . in the front seat , lee blanchard duck down as the driver hit the gas ... back on the scene as bucky lean back against the bed . bucky be you ever go to tell I ? kay he would give all he money to Ben Siegel . ( beat ) he want to give I a home . a flashback - lee' car Lee and bucky , they first day as partner ... lee ... say I would get a shot at Joe Louis if I would take two dive for he . I say no ... back on the scene as bucky look straight up into the ceiling light ... bucky be you ever go to tell I ? kay he know what Bobby be do to I ... how he would use a razor on I ... pimp I to he friend ... int . dewitt' apartment - a flashback as Lee plant the incriminate bank bag in dewitt 's closet ... back on the scene bucky stare back into the hole in the floor ... kay ... Bobby know nothing about the bank job . he and Lee , they never even meet . after Lee and he driver get away , Lee figure frame Bobby would give I a way out ... ext . dewitt' trial - flashback Lee lead Kay out of the courtroom . back on the scene as Kay lean down next to bucky , gently put she hand on he shoulder ... kay then last year ... the fourth man -- the driver - - he hear Bobby be get parole . he threaten to tell dewitt that Lee frame he . he want money we do not have . ten thousand dollar . bucky ever . be you ever ...? kay promise I this : forgive he for dewitt . forgive he for the bank . it do not matter anymore . not to we . bucky who be the driver , Kay ? tell I . tell I ! he 's in she face now . okay , pal , you ask for it . kay baxter fitch . ext . the STREET - a flashback Three black man and a white man get roust by Lee and bucky . baxter fitch blanchard ? Chaos erupt as Lee execute baxter fitch and bucky kill two other ... back to the scene on bucky 's anguish face : kay ( cont would ) he use you , dwight . he do . forgive he everything else . but do not forgive he for that . ever . she reach for he face and he pull away . slo-mo close -up ... as the crumpled money drop down into the hole in the floor , into the blackness ... we fade up to : int . the garage - night bucky , stripped to bare chest , attack the heavy beg . voice over Fire and Ice . the hero and the snitch . Bank robber and he best friend the bumfuck detective . triggerman . stooge . weak point in a fairy tale triangle . he lash into the heavy bag with a series of brutal leave hook . Kay stand in the door , watch he . her eye red from cry . voice over ( cont would ) I would forgive Lee the bank job . and I think I would forgive Kay she role in keep it from I . but the basic rule of homicide apply : nothing stay bury forever . corpse . ghost . nothing stay bury forever . nothing . Kay turn around and shut the door behind she . ext . jane chamber' garden - day bucky and Jane drink iced tea . a glorious garden behind they . jane chamber so . what bring you around again ? consider a courtin' the old rich widow ? bucky you be not that old . and you be not very widow . jane chamber you either be or you be not . bucky you seem to be do all right . jane chamber eldridge have cancer . I half expect it . we be not that close anymore ... you marry ? bucky Little over a year . jane chamber god. newlyweds . nothing better , be there ? bucky 's face betray he difficulty . jane chamber ( cont would ) sorry . bucky so how well do you know the spragues ? jane chamber eldridge and emmett go way back . they serve on the California real estate board together . but emmett be a bit of a crook . my husband get he kick off the board for building dangerous building under phony corporation . bucky you husband sound like a good man . jane chamber he have he moment . most of it be out of guilt . he own slum block in San pedro . when he learn he have cancer , he really start feel guilty . he vote Democratic last year . even go in and have meeting with the City Council . I be sure he give they dirt on emmett . bucky I read a article in the paper . jane chamber same day eldridge kill himself . apropos , I guess . bucky maybe you husband -- jane chamber my husband be rich and do a mean Charleston . I love he until I find out he be cheating on I . now I be start to love he again . how strange . bucky it 's not so strange . they watch each other , enjoy each other 's company . a strange emotional peace . jane chamber you be very accept of other people 's frailty . you be young . you should have illusion . bucky I be a cop . illusion be not standard issue . jane chamber so how would a cop get mix up with madeleine Sprague ? it be madeleine , I assume ? bucky 's gut clenches . bucky I stop she at a red light . one thing lead to another . why do you assume it be madeleine ? jane chamber do not play dumb , bucky . the girl 's a roundheel . always have be . bucky Jane . do not be catty . jane chamber I be sorry . she can not help it I be sure . she probably inherite it from she mother . before bucky can press Jane stand up with the tray of iced tea . the visit be over . jane chamber you figure out the rest , officer . he follow she back inside . int . the hallway - same as they stop momentarily in front of the scary clown painting . bucky God that be spooky . jane chamber valuable , too . eldridge buy it for my birthday a couple year ago . I hate it . want to take it with you ? bucky no thanks . jane chamber thank you , then . you be my best condoler . bucky and you mine . Jane give bucky a warm handshake . ext . the STREET - hancock park - soon after bucky pull out of June Street , and pass muirfield . he slow for a moment , squinting down the street , try to discern the Sprague mansion . he drive on . we hang on the sign for muirfield Avenue as the day turn to night ... and down muirfield Road , we see bucky 's car park in the shadow . watch the Sprague house . a voyeur . int . kay and bucky'' bedroom - morning bucky sleep soundly as Kay ready herself for work . she watch he for a moment , consider whether to wake he . she decide not to and leave . the minute she go , bucky open he eye ... ext . muirfield road - hancock park - evening bucky spy on the spragues . he dig back into he seat as madeleine come down the walk and put mail in the mail box . just for a second it look like she see he ... maybe not ... int . crime lab - day bucky doze , he tie almost catch on fire in a bunsen burner . ext . the muirfield road stakeout - evening bucky lean against the window , prop himself up . across the STREET madeleine 's Packard pull out and roar up the street . bucky gun he car to follow ... ext . the zimba room - night bucky follow the Packard into a crowded GI bar parking lot . he park a distance away . but as he watch madeleine get out of she car he be staggered : it 's elizabeth short . or , more accurately , it 's madeleine dress up exactly like the dahlia in one of she famous portrait photo . slinky black dress , upswept hair , down to the yellow barrette . she stride into the bar ... int . the zimba room - night bucky duck into a smoke - fill GI bar where a commotion be already take place . madeleine be surround by soldier fawn all over she . other man simply point and whisper -- she dahlia act be not lose on anybody . bucky slide into a booth in the corner to watch . he signal for a drink . int . the zimba room - night - later four bourbon later . bucky watch as madeleine settles into a more intimate conversation with one soldier . bucky downs he drink as madeleine grab the GI 's elbow and escort he out of the bar . ext . the red arrow inn - later bucky sit in he car in the parking lot watch the soldier loiter outside of a motel room . madeleine return from the office with the key and let the two of they in . he watch as the light go on ; and then off . int . kay and bucky'' bedroom - later bucky come into the bedroom to find Kay wait up for he . kay dwight -- he move to she , pull off he clothes as quickly as he can . kay ( cont would ) dwight -- he 's on top of she , he bourbon stain kiss go and down she neck and she breast . she respond , but not quickly enough for he . he rush into she before she 's ready . still , she try to be there for he , hope to catch up with he lust . she do not . and they both know it . they embrace , try to cover up the hollow awkwardness with familiar affection . it do not work ... int . thad green' office - day bucky sit at thad Green 's desk , penitent . thad GREEN sid 's not a bad beat , bucky . at the time it be better than you deserve . bucky nod . thad GREEN ( cont would ) the blue hate you , bucky . Vogel be they pal . I do this for you , you better be fuck supercop . bucky just sit silent . another lapd transfer order : " transfer order ... Officer bleichert ... from sid ...to Newton Street division , nightwatch . ext . newton STREET - midnight bucky back in uniform again . this time , the black slum . heroin hooker , hard - core dealer , gang . voice over Newton Street division . footbeat hack carry metal-studded sap ; squadroom dick pack .45 automatics load with unregulation dum-dum . int . a liquor store doorway - night bucky and a large black man come tumble out of the liquor store throw vicious punch at each other . bucky take three to land six , eventually knock the guy out . he look across the street to see to cop watch he , measure he . int . a alley - night as bucky chase two man towards a chain link fence at the end of the alley . one of they get to the fence and scramble up it . bucky yank the other one off the fence , slamm he to the ground . voice over Kay . lee. madeleine . Betty short . for one month I escape they all . int . kay and bucky'' house - night as Kay sleep alone in the bed . voice over a fuck supercop . int . a jazz bar - early morning bucky sit in he uniform listen to a jazz quartet . int . kay and bucky'' live room - morning bucky sleep on the couch as Kay leave for work . voice over I escape they all . almost . ext . a STREET corner - night bucky in he patrol car . the night a hot sweat . he listen to music on he radio and watch two hooker dance on the corner , wave at car . a scraggly old wino stagger up to the woman , stumbling around they , dance with they . they sneer at he , tell he to beat it . inside the patrol car bucky flash he headlight at the bum . the bum ignore he . bucky flash they again , annoyed . the bum look into the glare and flip bucky off . and suddenly bucky snap , jump from he car . in three big stride he 's on the bum , clobber he with roundhouse left and rights . the woman be scream . the drunk be scream . old drunk pleease ! bucky drop he , staggering into a phone booth . he drop a nickel in the phone . dial a number . ring. ring. Ring ... he hang up . dial another . a woman 's voice answer . bucky it 's I . ext . the sprague mansion - night bucky 's just onto the porch step when madeleine answer the door . she 's dress like the dahlia . he push she inside . voice over it be a reunion of avow tramp , old rutter who know they would never have it as good with anyone else ... afterwards we would talk through the night . the spragues ... crazy papa bleichert ... int . a elementary school classroom - day Sixth grader write in silence . Kay sit at she desk , sadness in she eye as she watch the child . voice over mostly , though we would talk about Betty . her utter malleability , a chameleon eager to please anybody ... and the disrupter of every life close to I ... it would last a month . int . the sprague mansion - morning bucky stand in the live room , examine family photo . a photo of two young , proud wwi vet : George tilden and emmett Sprague ... a photo of the dark - haire ramona and the ruddy and fair-haire emmett ... photo of madeleine and martha , the brunette and the ruddy blond ... back to the first photo : George tilden 's dark hair . madeleine wander in , bucky smile at she . madeleine what ? bucky nothing . she run she hand over he shoulder . bucky ( cont would ) I think the family come back from laguna this week . madeleine ( she Scottish brogue ) you miss them , laddie ? mother 's insult ? martha 's pornography ... bucky you father 's georgie tilden war storey ? he scan she for a reaction . if she have one it ripple through she almost undetectable . almost . ext . jane chamber' house - later as bucky cruise by , grin . he salute the house . voice over in the scheme of thing it be not much . Rich old lady gossip , as Jane put it . CUT to : ext . bucky'' neighborhood - day as he drive onto he own modest street . voice over ( cont would ) but combine it with bang madeleine in all twenty - two room of they mansion , it be good enough for I . ext . kay and bucky'' house - day a move van in the driveway and Kay 's plymouth stuff with box . bucky double -park and bolt up the step . the van pull away behind he . bucky ( to the van driver ) hey ! goddammit ! get back here ! the van driver ignore he ; bucky turn as Kay walk out onto the porch . kay I do not touch you thing . you can have the furniture . bucky Babe -- kay do you think I would let my husband disappear for three week and do nothing about it ? I have have detective follow you , dwight . detective . she look like that fuck dead girl , so you can have she -- not I . bucky babe. goddammit . he reach for she and she back out of grab range . kay whoremonger . coward . necrophile . she spin out of he grasp and make for she car . she gun the engine and disappear . int . the house - second later bucky stand in the middle of the live room , catalogue the little thing . no periodicals on the coffee table , half the record collection go , no candlestick . he pick up the large chair ( Lee 's favorite ) and throw it at the wall . next , Kay 's rock chair shatter the glass cabinet . the coffee table go through the front window . in the bedroom bucky yank out all the drawer , turn over the bed . in the bathroom he take a pipe wrench to the sink , crush the mirror with one blow ... in a terrible ten rounder with the ghost of he past bucky demolish the dream house , pull he uniform out of the closet and bolt out of the house , leave the door open so scavenger can pick the place clean ... int . the EL nido - night bucky sit on the bed , he back push up against the wall . eyeball to eyeball with Elizabeth short , Betty , Liz , the Black dahlia . a collage of photo and file folder ... voice over it come on then , big and ugly : bye- bye bleichert at the bus stop , adios shitbird , have -been , never - be , stool pigeon harness bull . ext . the slum - late night bucky stand in the worst of slum , he blue uniform a beacon to anyone who would do he harm . voice over ( cont would ) you trade a good woman for skunk pussy , you have turn everything that 's be hand you to pure , undilute shit , you " I will 's " amount to the eighth round at the Academy gym when you step into a blanchard right hand -- pratfalling into clover that you turn into horse dung . another elizabeth short casting session no clapstick this time . just Betty short sit a the couch . she reach down and pull off she pump . now she reach under she dress and begin unrol she stocking . not sexy . empty and resign . voice over ( cont would ) bye-bye Betty , Beth , betsy , Liz , we be a couple of tramp , too bad we do not meet before 39th and norton , it just might have work . maybe we would have be the one thing we would not have fuck up past redemption ... ext . 39 th and norton - night - later a apartment complex have be erect at the murder site . ext . a aerial view of los angele - day angle on : the hollywoodland sign . as we watch the sign change , the " D " drop off the end . it now read " hollywoodlan " . ext . wilshire district - day bucky , unshaven and out of uniform , lean against he car on a work class residential street . he stare across at a modest victorian house and the garage behind it . we recognize it hopefully ; we have be here before . ext . a garage apartment - continuous it 's cleo short 's apartment . or at least it use to be . bucky peer in a window and see it 's fill with junk . he walk back towards the street , intent on head back to he car . on a hunch , he walk up onto the porch of the victorian house and ring the bell . ext . the porch - same footstep at the door . it open to reveal another identical twin to Elizabeth short . bucky be stunne and can not find he tongue . girl ( Boston accent ) can I help you ? ( no response ) . great . take a hike you big sicko -- bucky wait -- she begin to shut the door but someone behind she pull it back open . cleo short , Elizabeth 's father . cleo short it 's all right , dear . I know this pug . int . the sitting room - later the two man arrange themselves in chair while the Betty look - a-alike make herself busy in the kitchen behind cleo . bucky try not to stare . he force himself to focus on cleo , who , while five year older , look much better than last time bucky see he . cleo short come into a little change a while back , manage to trade in that shit shack out back for this dig . ( beat ) and I do not give a fuck what you think , you and you partner be not much to look at now . I read the papers . bucky can not deny that . the young woman bring in two beer for bucky and cleo . bucky check she out again . cleo know why . cleo short ( cont would ) my youngest , christine . he squeeze she hand affectionately . cleo short ( cont would ) best housekeeper of the bunch . can not cook a damn , though . get she sister 's star-eye for the picture , damn straight . thinks she 's gonna be another goddamn jayne mansfield . get out of here , chrissie ... she roll she eye , pick up a newspaper and head out on the porch . cleo short ( cont would ) use to be dozen would stop by , you know . drive up from dago or San berdoo just to snap a shot of the goddamn garage back there . think maybe they would find one of Betty 's dress in the garbage . jackal . bucky you do not move far . cleo short would not a matter if I do . ( beat ) whatcha here for , mug ? I know you be not smart enough to solve the case , and you be not dumb enough to still think I do it ... I have a alibi . bucky tighter and a popcorn fart . cleo short and that 's air tight , mug . Air tight . bucky take a swig of he beer . cleo 's eye scour bucky . cleo short ( cont would ) you be hook on she still , be not ya ? ha . that 's a plug nickel you can not spend , be not it , mug ? ha. yea . Betty will do that to a fella . especially someone like you . ( off bucky 's look ) like I say , I know you mug . bucky I just think ... maybe after all this time ... there 's something you might have forget ... anything she might have say ... cleo study he , know bucky 's a lose soul . he soften for the first time . leans forward , elbow on knee . almost look like a father who would lose a daughter . cleo short she be a terrible actress . I be sure folk have tell you that . she would practice in front of the john mirror . once or twice she get I in on it ... reading part with she for some audition . she stink . even a parent could tell . what Beth be good at be write . all she teacher use to say that . not that a grease like I would know the difference . maybe she coulda write for the picture . but she want to be a actress like every other silly girl . his gaze drift outside to he youngest daughter . cleo short ( cont would ) you folk still alive ? bucky my father . cleo short ( poke ) he proud of he son , the ace copper ? or maybe he think you would end up champ ? bucky shrug off any talk of he father . cleo get it . cleo short you momma ? bucky she kill herself a long time ago . cleo take a swig of he beer . cleo short probably better off then . int . / ext . the live room - continuous cleo follow bucky out onto the porch . christine read a copy of photoplay . the cover tout the current mack sennett revival in honor of the revise hollywoodland sign ... bucky thank you for you time , Mr. short. if -- cleo short get a life , bleichert . do not dream it all away . dreamin will kill ya. ( to christine ) you , too . get I a sandwich . he snatch away the photoplay and slap it into bucky 's hand . cleo short ( cont would ) clean up some dog shit with this for I , willya ? the man wink . bucky take the magazine and salute he with it . he head back down the walk . behind he cleo short watch he go . ext . / int . bucky'' car - hollywood - dusk bucky sit at a light , stare north . scaffold drape the hollywoodland sign . Movie light have be set up , capture the event on film . his attention turn to christine 's photoplay on the seat next to he ; the weekly rag be open to a ad for the mack sennett revival : a reproduction of the hollywoodland sign across the top of the page , and below it the word " keystone kop at the Admiral theater -- Air condition ! " below that a still from a keystone kop movie , register huge and loud and wrong : Three keystone kop stand between pillar shape like snake swallow they own tail ; a wall inset with egyptian hieroglyphics be behind they . unmistakably the background that appear in the Linda Martin / Betty short porn film . Cars honk behind he . bucky 's transfix by the image . the light be green . he jerk upright and squeal out of the intersection . CUT to : ext . the admiral theater - soon after bucky busy a ticket underneath a marquee which read mack sennett revival " . int . the theater - continuous a keystone kop short in progress . bucky can barely sit down to watch ... voice over I try to keep calm . I tell myself that just because emmett Sprague help mack sennett build set in the twenty do not mean he have anything to do with a smut film twenty - five year later . and there 's a shot of the porn set -- the keystone kop run around in it like they be solving at crime back in ancient Egypt . voice over ( cont would ) Duke Wellington have admit make it . Linda Martin have say it be shot in Mexico . the short end with a large pie throw scene on the porn set . the credit begin to roll : " director -- mack sennett . scenarist -- mack sennett . Assistant director -- emmett Sprague " on bucky 's face as one last piece of information hit he : " film in Hollywood , USA . " ext . the movie theater as bucky burst out into the evening , the light on the Hollywood hill catch he attention . int . a flashback - the sprague house bucky at dinner with the spragues . emmett sprague mack sennett ? helped he build that housing project he be put up -- hollywoodland -- back to the scene as bucky stare up at the sign . int . EL nido - room 204 - night bucky tear through it , pull out file . the door open - it 's Russ millard . russ millard I get you message , bucky . bucky look , Russ ... I think ... I may have it . I - - russ millard it ? bucky whirl around , gesture to the room -- bucky her ! her ! I have get a hot one , padre . it 's just ... bucky flop onto the bed , almost frantic . russ millard calm down , son . tell I . bucky meet he eye : forgive I my sin . int . bucky'' car - night bucky drive with Russ in the car next to he . voice over I tell he everything . I and madeleine , the spragues . withhold evidence for she . everything . even Lee . after all of it he only have one thing to say : int . the EL nido - night - flashback on Russ : russ millard all right , then . it 's you ball . what do you wanna do ? bucky I want to search every fuck inch of every goddamn acre of emmett Sprague property if it take the rest of my shitty career . and I know exactly where we start . int . bucky'' car - beachwood canyon - night as they inch they way up into a huge traffic snarl in beachwood Canyon . the sign loom high above they as the " a " be take dawn . voice over between my time with madeleine and the local boom baron expose in the papers , I be practically a expert on emmett Sprague 's land deal ... ext . a park area at the NORTH end of beachwood drive a huge area be cordon off as people watch the sign be tear down . bucky and Russ leave the car there , badge the local blue do crowd control , and split off down a dirt side road into the wood . voice over ( cont would ) for the first time since the beginning of the whole fiasco , I stop try to figure out who kill Elizabeth short . instead , I focus on where . ext . a wooded area - night bucky and Russ play a flashlight over a piece of paper , like two man consulting a treasure map in the wood . in the background be a tiny bungalow with the window blow out and the door hang off its hinge . voice over and if my hunch be right , we would not have to look any further than one of emmett Sprague 's condemn bungalow . one that be isolate ... abandon ... they walk on , leave this particular bungalow behind . ext . a stream - wood - later bucky shine the light in a run stream as they follow it deeper into the night ... voice over ... and most importantly , close to a water source ... where one could drain a body of its blood . bucky and Russ round a bend in the stream and see the skeleton of a bungalow teeter on the edge of the stream . empty window and door hover over a rotting porch like skull socket over a death leer . bucky and Russ feel it , tensing up as they approach . they pick they footstep carefully through the break porch and step into the abandon house . int . the bungalow - same a scatter of trash in the front room , animal shit , a bicycle tire , rag . they move through the house , each roam , each closet and corner creep with potential violence . still , nothing . from the kitchen : russ millard bucky . bucky join Russ at the back door , the screen rotted off . through the empty window they see : a aluminum gardening shed , the door wide open . you know it before they even get there . but as soon as they step inside ... int . the gardening shed - continuous they know something bad happen here ... half the room be take up by a mattress , its blue tick stain dark brown with blood . a gas lantern sit in the corner , lean against a stack of blood - spatter book , include a copy of Gray 's anatomy and Victor Hugo 's the man who laugh along with a clutch of pornographic picture . russ millard God help she . bucky 's already pull on a pair of rubber glove from he sid day . for the first time we notice he 's carry he forensic kit . he open it , revealing the test tube , fingerprint powder , tweezers , etc . bucky ( throw Russ glove ) box up the book and papers . maybe light that lantern . Russ grant bucky he take - charge attitude . he snap on a pair of glove . a gruesome montage 1 . bucky scrape blood off a wall and into a test tube . 2 . Russ flip through the pornographic material -- some of it very intense . 3 . bucky fill up another test tube with dark hair tweezed from the cake blood on the mattress . 4 . underneath the mattress , bucky find small piece of rope ... 5 . bucky measure a bloody sole print and trace it onto a piece of paper . 6 . bucky finger print the whole fuck place , pull good print from the door jamb , the door , and the wall near the head of the mattress . outside the gardening shed Russ fiddle with the book , make himself busy . finally he walk back inside . int . the gardening shed - continuous bucky sit on the floor , he hand shaking as he hold a fingerprint plate in one hand and a piece of paper in the other . russ millard you all right ? bucky hand he the fresh plate . Russ study it . bucky hand he the piece of paper with a blow - up set of print on it . the two set of print be identical . Russ see the name at the top of the paper : elizabeth short . he exhales deeply . bucky thing be , Russ . thing be ... there 's another set of latent up there on the doorjamb ... and my hand be shaking so bad I can not transfer them . CUT to : russ millard hacking a four inch section of the door jamb off with he knife and slipping it into a plastic bag . bucky sit on the ground outside . ext . underneath the hollywoodland sign - later the last of the " land " letter have come down and a party have ensue . a march band play " there 's no Business like show Business " . bucky and Russ stumble out of the wood , carry the evidence of Betty short 's death in they hand . int . the EL nido - night bucky sit on the bed , the evidence spread out around he . Russ stand in the doorway . bucky we finally have it , Russ . all of it . all of she . ( gesture around the room ) all right here . russ millard be you sure you do not want to come home ? Mrs. millard will fix up the couch . bucky no . thanks . I will stay here . ( be the doorjamb piece ) I want to get up early and confirm this print . Russ nod . russ millard you be a very very bright penny , Officer . he close the door , leave bucky alone with Elizabeth . int . EL nido - room 204 - night bucky lie on the bed , stare at the ceiling . bucky ( cont would ) that night I picture myself the way I want Elizabeth to picture I -- she knight in shine armor , a reborn two - bit harness bull who crack the biggest unsolve homicide in California history . a war hero , a heavyweight champion . int . EL nido - room 204 - dawn bucky flip through Gray 's anatomy , kill time . bucky ( cont would ) I stay with she that night and dream of all the bullshit that would never happen . not if I want to keep my job at all . because there be no way for I to make the arrest without admit that I would suppress evidence year ago . the case would always be open . and so while it kill I to wait ' till morning , in some way ... this be we last night together . int . the crime lab - morning bucky transfer the killer 's print from the doorjamb to a plate . int . a large room with file cabinet bucky pull a fingerprint card from a cabinet . he shut the cabinet . the tab on the outside read : " City employee " . ext . the sprague mansion - morning bucky edge he way along the side of the house . a side window be open and he pull himself inside . int . the mansion - continuous move box fill the front hallway . bucky hear voice come from the main hall . madeleine and emmett . bucky unholster he gun ; from he pocket he pull out a silencer and screw it on the muzzle . emmett sprague ( o.s. ) ... besides , one of my foremen say the goddamn pipe be spew gas ... there will be hell to pay . it 's about time I show the three of you good ol ' Scotland . madeleine I do not wanna go to Europe , daddy . you be always talk about how dreadful and provincial it be . emmett sprague ... they have get what you need , lassie . bucky step into the main room , gun prominent at he side . bucky and what be that , emmett ? sap like I ? direct line to the straight dope ? or be that what you need ? emmett sprague aaah , laddie . he eye the gun . bucky George tilden kill Elizabeth short and the two of you cover it up . on the spragues , try to maintain they upper-class cool . bucky ( cont would ) ( to madeleine ) you help Linda Martin and Betty make that stag film . where be the set ? in one of daddy 's old building ? he level the gun at madeleine . rock steady . madeleine sit on a divan . madeleine georgie be always ... sneaking around daddy 's property . he see they make it ... he ... get crazy about Betty . bucky of course . she look like he daughter . off emmett 's shocked look : bucky ( cont would ) he fuck you wife . but I do not think you care about that . but he 's she daddy . and that must have make you crazy . he be a handsome bastard , too . somehow I do not think he be disfigure in a car wreck . emmett sprague in the argonne , georgie use to bayonet the dead gerries . I see it . thrill he , it do . he be ...hmm ... disturb . I think ramona find he ... a good way to strike back at I . bucky point the gun at madeleine again . bucky how would it all go down ? she hesitates . he shoot a ming vase next to she . she jump . bucky ( cont would ) so many pretty thing here ... madeleine it be Sunday I remember ... Betty call ... short of cash as usual . I put daddy on , and he offer Betty money to date a nice man he know . georgie would be drive daddy crazy , want to get with Betty ever since the movie . threaten to tell people he be my father . but we think georgie just want she for sex . bucky blow away another objet d'art . the two spragues huddle on the couch . bucky he be a sick fuck and you know it ! emmett gesture vainly towards the stuff dog balto . emmett sprague he be passive . he like to touch dead thing . his father be a surgeon , do you know that ? famous in Scotland . bucky what do you tell Betty ? what do you tell she ? madeleine we say he be a war hero . because we do not want she to feel like a whore . bucky then ? madeleine you know the rest . bucky pretend I be stupid . for old time 's sake . madeleine exhales hate . madeleine I go look for Linda Martin , and I find she at a motel in the Valley . I give she money and tell she to say the stag be film in Tijuana with a mexican crew . bucky and then what ? I come along ? daddy tell you to fuck I or be that you idea ? madeleine bucky -- two more shot from the gun destroy another fifty grand worth of art . bucky reload . bucky ( cont would ) the whole family have a good laugh at dinner that night ? pump I for info about the case ? throw I georgie storey to see if I would bite ? a little hospitality and some cunt so I would not check out you alibi-- madeleine bucky -- emmett sprague ramona do not know a thing . martha -- bucky what about sweet little martha ? madeleine martha know I would be with Betty . but that be all . but she 's a demon , you know . she even call the cop with a tip on La verne 's -- just hope I would get smear in the papers . I scratch she good for that . bucky martha tell you this ? she nod yes . bucky then she lie to get you goat , ' cuz no one ever call in a tip on laverne 's . madeleine figure . emmett clear he throat . emmett sprague what be you gonna do ? bucky passport . all four . emmett walk to a small desk . he reach into the drawer -- bucky put he gun to emmett 's head -- emmett sprague do not insult I , lad . he pull out the four passport ( not a gun ) . bucky take they . madeleine we will ruin you in court , you know . if you go after we , we will ruin you . over what ? some little slut -- bucky blow a hole in a vase some six inch from she . he cock he head at she , as if to say : the next one will be closer . emmett sprague you know , laddie . the rich do not necessarily own art just for themselves ; we safekeep it for future generation . the dig cross through bucky 's mind for a moment before he shooe it away . to emmett : bucky I need to see it . emmett sprague it ? bucky just to be sure . I need to see it . emmett sprague I be not sure I know ... bucky put the silence muzzle half a inch from Sprague 's brain . bucky I need to see he grave , you tightass kiltwear motherfucker . where would you bury George tilden ? ext . a pauper' cemetery - day bucky stand in front of a plain grave marker : " George tilden . 1906 - 1948 . War hero and loyal friend " voice over when I would pull George 's print card that morning , I would already laid fifty down with Russ that he be we guy . amateur taxidermist , transient . if he be a cop 39th and norton woulda be right in the middle of he beat ... int . the room with the file cabinet - flashback bucky pull tilden 's card and we see the close - up : " George tilden " . add by hand : " decease " voice over but I would be lie if I say I have not want to nail the sicko myself , give he ten round of bleichert rage . ext . / int . the aluminum garden shed - day bucky watch as Russ tip the gas lantern over on its side , the gas leak out into the tin shed . voice over maybe he would have go for a gun or probably a knife , and the bleichert fist would have give way to a full load of .45 in the chest . bucky and Russ step outside . Russ light a match and toss it inside . flame begin to eat away the bloody mattress ... voice over ( cont would ) Sprague say they find he croak in a parking lot downtown , just twelve block from where he would dumped Betty short . just croak . Natural cause , if anything about crazy georgie be natural . I hope the evil eat he from the inside out , fill he with blackness like the sawdust in Sprague 's goddamn dog . ( beat ) bucky kick the tin door shut , sealing the fire inside Elizabeth short 's private hell . int . jane chamber house - another day bucky and Jane Chambers drink some iced tea . jane chamber ... and then eldridge say : I be sure that 's the case Mr. Mayor , but that 's not my dog and that sure as hell be not my shoe ! they laugh , Jane a bit more than bucky . she narrow in on he . jane chamber ( cont would ) it 's so nice of you to stop by again . of course you have be stake out the Sprague house . four night in a row . ( off he surprise ) I walk my dog every night . and I be almost as nosy as you . bucky ( cover ) yeah , well . Old habit die hard . he get up from the table . int . jane chamber' house - continuous bucky wander over and stare at the slash - mouth clown painting , always transfix by it . jane chamber ( be the painting ) I would be think about give it to charity , but it 's too valuable . I find eldridge 's receipt ... she wander into the study and fish out some papers from she late husband desk while bucky continue to stare at the clown . she return , read from the sale slip . jane chamber ( cont would ) it 's a Frederick yannantuono original , inspire by a old classic novel -- the man who laugh by Victor Hugo . a flashback - the gardening shed a blood -spatter copy of the man who laugh on the pile of pornography -- back to scene as the slash - mouth clown tower over bucky , he head buzzing ... jane chamber ( cont would ) the clown in the painting be the book 's main character , gwynplain . when he be a child he have he mouth slashed ear to ear and then sell to the 16th century Spanish aristocracy to be use as a court jester . bucky step back . jane chamber ( cont would ) be you all right , bucky ? bucky yes , I be fine . he focus on she . bucky ( cont would ) where would eldridge get the painting ? jane chamber you will appreciate the coincidence -- she hand he the receipt . angle on the receipt : " received from eldridge Chambers , $ 3500 for the sale of the f. yannantuono painting . ramona cathcart Sprague , January 15 , 1947 . " speechless . jane chamber what be it -- he 's out the door . ext . jane chamber' house - same bucky run to he car , pull out he gun . he sprint off down the street ... ext . the sprague mansion - same bucky wait outside , watch from behind a tree . he watch as the last of the car , madeleine 's , pull out of the driveway . he cross the street . he try the front door , surprised to find it unlock . he go inside . int . the sprague mansion - continuous gun draw , bucky case the downstairs . he hear a noise . ramona I be in here , officer . a red wave of sweat wash over he . he walk carefully into ramona's sitting room where the matriarch sit on a tiny sofa , she arm lose in a silk dress gown . her face puffy and she eye dark , she gray hair frizzy . bucky train a gun on she . bucky I know what you do , ramona . you and Georgia . I have see the painting . you sell it the day of the murder . you know I have get the book . and now I have get you . she smile . very slowly she withdraw one of she hand from the fold of she dress gown . she hold a tiny ladylike revolver in she finger and drop it at she foot . when she speak , it 's with complete control . ramona we see you out there , you know . every night . we see you . you do not fool we . you do not hurt georgie . you do not hurt madeleine . and as much as I wish you would , you do not hurt emmett . you be a voyeur . that 's all the lesser class have . press they nose up against the glass . bucky so tell I . let I see . she smile at he again , loving he need . ramona emmett slashed he face , I be sure you know . madeleine be eleven and she look just like georgie . when he get out of the hospital I give he the Hugo book as a present . my gwynplain . but he be afraid of emmett 's rage ... after that ... we rarely speak . bucky ease himself into a chair opposite she . bucky tell I about Betty short . her face harden . ramona ( cont would ) ( with venom ) it be the cruelest of joke . he would become obsessed with she ... that filthy film . bucky you husband buy she for George . ramona emmett never stop hat I . bucky for George -- ramona for be richer than he be . she look over she nose at he . ramona ( cont would ) I follow they to the bungalow . there be a baseball bat under ... under a tree ... she try to run from I ... but she be drunk . the first swing knock she out . I make georgie tie she to the mattress .... the second swing wake she up . bucky you torture she . she seem to drift . ramona ( cont would ) she look so much like my maddy . it be ... the cruelest of joke . her thousand yard stare gradually return to bucky . ramona ( cont would ) martha must not know . she 's all that 's leave of this family that be not die . you consider she when you decide whether we be worth it . bucky 's not sure what to say next . she fill the space quite well . ramona ( cont would ) honestly , though . sometimes I think martha be go to bring the whole family down around she by chance . her little stunt about tipping the police to laverne 's -- bucky she lie about that . to get madeleine 's goat . ramona 's eye brighten up . ramona oh be that so ? you poor boy . you life be worse than mine . maybe the cruel joke be on you . she speak with such a insanity and calm it frighten he . and on bucky 's hungry eye we CUT to : bucky'' car peel out of hancock Park . CUT to : int . the fairfax primary school classroom - day Kay sit at she desk , grade papers . bucky burst in . kay dwight ? bucky how much of the hundred grand do Lee let you keep ? int . the tip desk - police department - flashback bucky and Lee sit at the tip desk while Lee listen to a very long call , say nothing ... back to scene Kay and bucky stare each other down . bucky he know about madeleine Sprague . he know about laverne 's hideaway . int . the sprague mansion - night - a flashback Lee blanchard beat the hell out of emmett Sprague while madeleine 's look on . bucky ( vo ) he blackmail Sprague -- madeleine ( vo ) -- do not come over . daddy 's have a business soiree -- int . the bathroom of the police station - a flashback bucky burst in on Lee wash he bloody fist . lee -- penance for junior nash -- back to scene bucky 's lean on the desk ... bucky and you know it , Kay ! you know it all ! he take that hundred thousand and split to Mexico and you let he go ! Kay finger the edge of a exam . she look he in the eye . kay you be so , so good at some thing . he absorb the blow and wait for she to continue . kay he be go to leave no matter what . I do not know if I be ever go to see he again , and I want he to be comfortable if such a thing be possible . dwight , he know I be in love with you , and he want we to be together . bucky he do not leave , he run . he run from the bank job , run from the frame on dewitt . he know who kill Elizabeth short and fuck run away ! this whole time . you both know everything -- Kay slam down a book . kay goddammit , dwight ! that girl -- that girl ! I do not give a damn about that girl . she ruin we life ! the room grind to a halt . kay ( cont would ) he love we . do not take that away from he . and I love you . and if you have not see so much of yourself in she you would realize how much you love I . ( beat ) so if you be aware of something more important than that ... I would like to hear what it be . bucky look like he 's about to burst . he want to go to she , lock she in he arm and forgive . instead , he just back up three step , slowly turn on he heel , and walk out . int . a bar - night bucky sit in the back of the bar , shroud in smoke and loud music . he drink bourbon and watch madeleine over at the bar . she 's get she hand on a soldier 's knee . ext . the red arrow inn - night madeleine Sprague and the soldier boy walk from the office over to the now familiar room 11 . they enter , shutting the door and flick on the light to reveal bucky sit on the back of a chair with he foot on the seat . he train he silence pistol on they . flash he badge , he point the soldier to the door : bucky ( quote Lee ) adios yourself back to the hall of tripoli , shitbird . I have get business with the lady . you do not have to tell the soldier twice . he back out and shut the door . bucky I have be point my gun at a lot of people this week . but I have not have much of a chance to shoot anybody . whattya think ? madeleine I think you would rather fuck I than kill I . but you do not have the gut to do either . you be a boxer . not a puncher . bucky smile . bucky ( scotchman 's burr ) aaaah , lassie . you wanna sell I short to the very end , eh ? now she 's curious . bucky ( cont would ) it 's not as good as yours , I will admit . but then again you have get a ear for accent . accent , dress up in costume ... maybe a trace of fear in she eye ... bucky ( cont would ) do another one for I . play someone else . Rich little slut ... lez ... daddy 's girl ... dahlia ... play someone else . do another . madeleine I do not know what you be talk about -- he cock the gun . bucky how ' bout the mexican accent you use when you hire the private dick to track down Lee . let 's see the make - up job . let 's see the fuck dress , mamacita , that you wear when you chase after poor daddy 's money . tell I something -- you shoot Lee yourself ? she step back against the door as he advance . bucky ( cont would ) do you at least have the gut to shoot he yourself ? he put the gun to she forehead . madeleine you will never do it . never. remember ... I look like she . she grin wickedly . he pull the gun from she head and shoot she in the kneecap . ext . the red arrow inn - later cap car , flash light , a ambulance . voice over we take the fall together . int . a hospital room - later madeleine be interrogate by homicide dick . voice over ever the consummate actor , madeleine Sprague confess to kill Lee by concoct a love triangle from the three of we ... the bleichert / blanchard rematch fight over she hand , with Lee beat emmett and demand he " hand over " he daughter when she prefer I . ext . the ensenada street - night - flashback as madeleine , dress as a mexican woman in heavy makeup and a large hat , tail Lee back to he motel ... voice over ( cont would ) madeleine stalking Lee ... revenge - kill he in ensenada to avenge the Sprague honor ... no mention of the Black dahlia murder case at all . ext . the courthouse - day madeleine lead away amongst a flock of photographer . her family link arm -and - arm in the background , cry , only martha look like she might survive ... voice over ( cont would ) her story 's enough to get she a psych tag as a delusional schizophrenic and ten year at atascadero State Hospital . int . the police interrogation room - day bucky sit at a table , stare into the one - way mirror . voice over so the brass girl take the fall for the whole family . and I take the fall for I . iad clear I on the motel shoot - - a cop 's code make - good for blanchard 's snuff . we pull out and see bucky 's cuff , badge and gun sit on the table in front of he . voice over ( cont would ) afterwards I be fire from the Los Angeles Police Department on grounds of moral turpitude and conduct unbecome a officer . I think of turn over ramona in hope of pull a grandstander 's turnabout ... the camera drift through the one - way mirror revealing russ millard stand on the other side . voice over ... but I have people to protect ... people who already know that , for the briefest of time , and in the darkest of place , I have be so , so , good at some thing . int . the EL nido - night bucky stand amongst the dahlia file . he begin pull photo off the wall ... int . bucky and kay' house - night the destroy fairy tale house be in mid-repair . Kay be in work clothes , painting a new trim in the live room . the front door open . bucky stand in the doorway , carry a box of dahlia file . Kay watch as he cross the room without a word and dump the box of file into the fireplace . he toss on a match and the box go up in flame . she move to he . int . a casting office - day we arrive just as she exit , the outline of she body quickly disappear into the blackness beyond the office door ... voice over thank you Elizabeth . fade to black