the lord of the ring the Fellowship of the Ring screenplay by Fran walsh & philippa boyen & Peter Jackson base on the novel by j.r.r. tolkien '' 2001 New line cinema black screen super : New line cinema present super : a wingnut film production black continue : ... elvish singing ... a woman 's voice be whisper , tinged with sadness and regret : galadriel ( v.0o . ) ( elvish : subtitle ) '' T amar presten aen : han mathon not nen , han mathon not chae ... a han noston ned wilith . '' ( English : ) the world be change : I feel it in the water , I feel it in the earth , I smell it in the air ... much that once be be lose , for none now live who remember it . super : the lord of the ring ext . prologue - day image : flickering firelight . the noldorin forge in eregion . molten gold pour from the lip of a iron ladle . galadriel ( v.0o . ) it begin with the forging of the great ring . image : three ring , each set with a single gem , be receive by the high elve - galadriel , gil - galad and cirdan . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) Three be give to the elve : immortal , wisest ... fairest of all being . image : seven ring hold aloft in triumph by the dwarf lord . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) Seven to the dwarf lord : great miner and craftsman of the mountain hall . image : nine ring clutch tightly by the king of men ... as if hold - close a precious secret . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) and nine ... nine ring be gift to the race of Men , who above all else desire power . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) for within this ring be bound the strength and the will to govern each race . fade to black galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) but they be all of they deceive . fade up : a ancient parchment map of middle earth ... move slowly across the map as if draw by a unseen force the camera close in on a place name ... mordor . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) ... for another Ring be make . teasing shot : sauron forging the one ring in the chamber of sammath naur . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) in the land of mordor , in the fire of mount doom , the Dark Lord sauron forge in secret a master Ring to control all other . image : the one ring reflect the fiery lava ! FIRE writing emerge on the plain band of gold . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) ... and into this Ring he pour he cruelty , he malice and he will to dominate all life . image : the one ring fall through space and into flame ... galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) one Ring to rule they all ... image : a great shadow fall across the map ... close in around the realm of gondor ... image : scream villager , men , women , and child , run from they home , pursue by armie of hideous orc . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) one by one the free land of Middle earth fall to the power of the Ring . fade to black . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) but there be some ... who resist . fade up : isildur , son of the king of gondor , lead a army across the plain of dagorlad ... galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) a last alliance of Men and elve march against the army of mordor . on the slope of mount doom , they fight for the freedom of Middle - Earth . teasing shot : the battle of dagorlad ... the elf lord , elrond , command rack after rank of elven archer ... elrond ( elvish ) tangado haid ! leithio i philinn ! ( English ) hold position ! Fire the arrow ! teasing shot : arrow firing ... orc retreating before the army of the last alliance ... elendil , king of gondor , hold aloft the great sword ... narsil ! galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) Victory be near ! image : the huge , dark figure of sauron , bear the one ring on he finger , loom over the field of battle ... galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) but the power of the Ring could not be undone . image : sauron lay waste to the army of the last alliance . with desperate courage , elendil lead a charge ... the black mace of sauron lash out ! ! image : elendil 's body fall like a crumpled rag doll ... image : isildur cradle the body of he father in he arm . the shadow of sauron fall over he . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) it be in this moment ... when all hope have fade , that isildur , son of the king , take up he father 's sword . isildur snatch up the broken blade of narsil ... the blade sever sauron 's finger ... and the one ring fly from he body . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) sauron , the enemy of the free people of Middle - Earth , be defeat . sauron 's armour clatter to the ground , he body gone ... vaproized ! close on : isildur pick up the severe finger and remove the one ring ... transfix ! galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the Ring pass to isildur ... who have this one chance to destroy evil forever . image : gladden field ... isildur lead a small column of men through darkening wood ... the one ring glint on a chain around he neck . galadriel ( v.0 . ) but the heart of Men be easily corrupt . and the Ring of power have a will of its own . suddenly ! arrow fly ! they be ambush by orc ... isidulr be thrown from he horse ! isildur stumble to he foot and in a panic , put on the the ring and disappear ! invisible isildur flee from the battle and jump into the river anduin . isildur materialize under water ... as the ring slip slowly from he finger . he grasp for it , desperately . orc on the riverbank spot he in the water . they fire a barrage of arrow into he . isildur jerk . ripples of light play across isildur 's pale face he be dead . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) it betrayed isildur to he death . image : isildur float down the river , arrow lodge in he back . image : the ring fall through the murky water of the river anduin ... and into oblivion ... galadriel ( v.0o . ) and some thing that should not have be forget ... be lose . fade to black galadriel ( v.0o . ) thus a third Age of Middle - Earth begin . History become legend ... legend become myth . fade up : the water of the anduin river lie dark and undisturbed . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) and for two and a half thousand year , the Ring pass out of all knowledge . image : silt swirl ... a thin white hand reach down grasp the ring ... galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) until , when chance come , it ensnare a new bearer . image : the thin white hand open to reveal the one ring . gollum ( v.o. ) my precious ... image : mist shroud mountain ... galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) the Ring come to the creature gollum , who take it deep into the tunnel of the misty Mountains . ( continued ) continued : ( 5 ) image : the gloom of a mountain cavern ... a murky pool of water ... in the darkness the shadowy outline of a emaciated figure . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) and there it consume he . a raspy voice mutter in the half light ... gollum it come to I . my own . my love ... ( ecstatic whisper ) my preciousness . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) the Ring give to gollum unnatural long life . for five hundred year it poison he mind . and in the gloom of gollum 's cave ... fade to black galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) it wait . fade up : bath in cold moonlight , the world lie dark and still ... the unsettle quiet before the storm ... galadriel ( v.0o . ) darkness creep back into the forest of the world . rumor grow of a shadow in the East ... whisper of a nameless fear . and the Ring of power perceive ... its time have now come . it abandon gollum . slow motion : unseen by its keeper , the ring fall to the muddy floor of a mountain tunnel ... galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) but something happen then the Ring do not intend ... fade to black image : fumbling in the dark , a SMALL hand close over the ring . ( continued ) continued : ( 6 ) galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) it be pick up by the most unlikely creature imaginable ... bilbo ( to himself ) what 's this ? a youngish looking bilbo baggins peer down at what lie in he hand ... perplexed by what he have find . galadriel ( v.0 . ) a hobbit ... bilbo baggin of the shire . bilbo ( surprised ) a Ring . suddenly ! a voice scream ... its anguish ringing through the cold , dank tunnel ... gollum ( v.o. ) lose ! lose ! my precious be lose !! frightened , bilbo quickly pocket the one ring and hurry on . dissolve to : wide on : the camera soar away from the mountain . moving faster and faster ... there dark GREEN forest and jagged white peak receding into the shroud of mist galadriel ( v.0 . ) for the time will soon come when hobbit will shape the fortune of all . dissolve to : close on : a map of middle - earth . we move from the misty mountain to hobbiton . bilbo ( v.0 . ) the 22nd day of September in the year 1400 by shire-reckon . bag end , bagshot row , hobbiton , westfarth , the shire , Middle - earth . the third Age of this world . pull back on the map to reveal : int . bag end hallway - day angle on : the map rest on the floor with several other map , book , scroll , and other similar item of research . camera track : down through the hall , we find bag end share this DECOR throughout its modest hall . super : the fellowship of the ring int . bag end study - day angle on : bilbo sit at he desk , pen in hand . bilbo there and back again : a hobbit 's Tale by bilbo baggin . close on : the book . the lettering on the page read exactly as bilbo have dictate . he turn the next page , which be blank . angle on : bilbo consider he word carefully . bilbo now , where to begin ? ah yes ... close on : bilbo dip he pen in the ink , and begin write . bilbo '' concern hobbit . '' ext . hobbiton - day wide on : the small village of hobbiton be a quaint rustic settlement nestle amongst roll green hill and large tree . the hobbit live in hobbit hole : neat burrow dig into the grassy hillside , with round door and cute front garden . montage of shot under bilbo : hobbit plow field ...smoking pipe ... serve food ... woodwork ... lead pig milk cattle ... tidy they porch ... and of course , sleep . ( continued ) continued : bilbo ( v.0 . ) '' hobbit have be live and farming in the four farthing of the shire for many hundred of year , quite content to ignore and be ignore by the world of the Big folk . Middle - earth be , after all , full of strange creature beyond count , hobbit must seem of little importance be neither renowned as great warrior nor count among the very wise . '' end montage int . bag end study - day angle on : bilbo laugh . he turn to a knock at the door . wide on : bilbo in he study . bilbo ( call out ) frodo ! someone at the door . angle on : bilbo turn immediately back to he writing . ext . hobbiton - day image : a hobbit , when face with a decision between a kiss from he sweetheart and a muffin , choose the muffin . bilbo ( v.0 . ) '' in fact , it have be remark by some that hobbit 's only real passion be for food . image : a hobbit carry a barrel of ale on he shoulder , refilling he mug as he walk . bilbo ( v.0 . ) '' a rather unfair observation as we have also develop a keen interest in the brewing of ale ... image : several hobbit sit around smoking pipe . bilbo ( v.0 . ) '' , .. and the smoking of pipe-weed . ( continued ) 10 . continued : image : hobbit carry they fresh pick crop ... hobbit engage in a leisurely game ... hobbit gardening . bilbo ( v.o . ) '' but where we heart truly lie be in peace and quiet and good , till earth . image : samwise gamgee sit in front of he house , admire he flower . bilbo ( v.o . ) '' for all hobbit share a love of thing that grow . image : near a large , old tree , hobbit raise banner and tent . other bring in barrel of ale . bilbo ( v.o . ) '' and , yes , no doubt to other , we way seem quaint . but today of all day , it be bring home to I : it be no bad thing to celebrate a simple life . '' image : the hobbit raise a large banner that read : '' happy birthday bilbo baggin . '' other applaud . int . bag end study - day angle on : bilbo look up , annoyed at yet another knock to interrupt he . bilbo frodo , the door ! his call be meet with silence . bilbo stickleback . where be that boy ? ext . hobbiton wood - day angle on : two hobbit feet rest on a small rock ... rise out of the long , overgrown grass . bilbo ( 0.s. ) frodo ! ( continued ) 11 . continued : camera track to : a figure lie beneath the dapple sunlight of a old tree . White flower be scattered among the well seed grasses . a idyllic set at the end of a long hot summer the figure be read a book . on the soundtrack : in the distance , grow louder ... over the gentle clip clop of a approach cart and horse can be hear the humming of a deep voice to the tune of '' the Road go ever on and on ... '' suddenly ! the figure in the grass sit up ... look straight at camera be a handsome young hobbit , with dark curly hair and deep blue eye . this be frodo baggins ... he eye alight with excitement ! toss away the long stem of grass in he mouth , frodo run off . CUT to : ext . shire lane - day the cart rattles along a leafy lane , drive by a stoop figure in grey . intercut with : shot of frodo running ... careening down a hill jumping over log ... dodging tree branch . angle on : the shambling old pony snort and rear as suddenly frodo appear on the bank above the cart . frodo you be late . close on : gandalf glower at the young hobbit ... gandalf a wizard be never late , frodo baggin , nor be he early . he arrive precisely when he mean to . they look at each other for a moment ... then both start laugh as frodo 's face break into a smile and he leap on to the front seat of the cart . frodo it 's wonderful to see you , gandalf ! ( continued ) 12 . continued : next to gandalf , we see how small hobbit be ... frodo be 3 foot 6 inch tall . gandalf you do not think I would miss you uncle bilbo 's birthday ? CUT to : ext . hobbiton field - day wide on : the cart rattles past a field lupin be tend by hobbit . frodo what 's new in the world ? tell I everything . angle on : gandalf look down at frodo , a twinkle in he eye . gandalf what , everything ? Far too eager and curious for a hobbit . most unnatural ... well , what can I tell you ? life in the wide world go on much as it have this past age . full of its own coming and going , scarcely even aware of the existence of hobbit ... close on : gandalf as he survey the peaceful scene before he . gandalf ( cont ’d ) ... for which I be very thankful . so , how be the old rascal ? I hear this be to be a party of special magnificence . frodo you know bilbo . he 's get the whole place in a uproar . gandalf well , that should please he . frodo half the shire 's be invite . and the rest of they be turn up anyway . ( continued ) 13 . continued : wide on : the cart rattles over a stone bridge towards a busy hobbit marketplace . bilbo ( v.o. ) and so life in the shire go on very much as it have this past age full of its own coming and going , with change come slowly ... angle on : hobbit look up in wonder and excitement as the cart bear gandalf and frodo roll past the GREEN dragon inn ... bilbo ( v.o. ) ... if it come at all . for thing be make to endure in the shire pass from one generation to the next . crane up : as the cart rattles into the small village of hobbiton . a quaint rustic settlement , nestle amongst roll green hill and large tree . bilbo ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) there 's always be a baggin live here under the Hill in bag end . int . bag end study - day angle on : bilbo stop write again and look up , thoughtful . bilbo and there always will be . ext . hobbiton field - day angle on : gandalf and frodo continue for they destination . frodo to tell you the truth , bilbo 's be a bit odd lately . I mean , more than usual . he 's take to lock himself in he study . 14 . int . bag end study - day close on : bilbo pick up a map of Middle Earth . frodo ( v.0 . ) he spend hour poring over old map when he think I be not look . angle on : bilbo fold the map and put it down . he pat he pants pocket . suddenly , he look worried . he pull he pocket inside . bilbo ( worried ) where 's it go ? quick cut : bilbo desperately search for something ... under cushion ... in pocket ... through coat angle on : he shove he hand into he vest pocket , and stop relieved ... close on : he remove he hand from he pocket ... he miss item clench tightly in he fist ... he hold it to he mouth , grateful to have not lose it . CUT to : ext . hobbiton field - day frodo he 's up to something . frodo shoot a know look , as gandalf avert he eye . frodo all right , then , keep you secret . gandalf what ? frodo but I know you have something to do with it . gandalf good gracious , I . ( continued ) 15 . continued : frodo before you come along , we bagginse be very well think of . gandalf indeed ? frodo never have any adventure or do anything unexpected . gandalf if you be refer to the incident with the Dragon ... I be barely involved ... all I do be give you uncle a little nudge out the door . frodo whatever you do ... you have be officially label a disturber of the peace . gandalf oh , really ? angle on : odo proudfoot look up as the cart pass by , deeply suspicious . CUT to : ext . hobbiton - day crane up : excite child , chase after the cart . close on : gandalf ignore the child 's cry . the child stand deflate , watch gandalf disappear up the lane . at that moment : spin ball of bright color suddenly leap out of the cart , fizzing over the head of the delighted child . angle on : gandalf smile to himself , well pleased with he joke . angle on : odo proudfoot be unable to suppress a chuckle . frodo stand up in the cart as gandalf reign in the horse . frodo gandalf ... I be glad you be back . ( continued ) 16 . continued : frodo leap expertly from the cart . gandalf smile . gandalf so be I , dear boy ... so be i. CUT to : ext . bag end - day wide on : gandalf cart pull up outside the gate to bag end ... a particularly fine example of a hobbit hole , with a large round front door set into a grassy hillside . there be a sign on the gate which read : '' no admittance except on party business . '' gandalf stride up the garden path of bag end . he raise he staff and rap on the front door ... a voice call out : bilbo ( 0.s . ) no thank you ! we do not want any more visitor , well - wisher , or distant relation . gandalf and what about very old friend ? suddenly the door open and bilbo baggins stand before he . he be a hobbit of indeterminate age , with a mischeivous twinkle in he eye . wearing a dash brocade waist coat , he look every inch the eccentric gentleman . bilbo gandalf ? gandalf bilbo baggin ! bilbo my dear gandalf ! gandalf drop to he knee to embrace he old friend . gandalf good to see you . one hundred and eleven year old , who would believe it ? gandalf look at he more keenly . ( continued ) 17 . continued : gandalf ( cont ’d ) you have not age a day . gandalf and bilbo laugh together and enter bag end . bilbo come on , come in ! welcome , welcome ! ! CUT to : int . bag end live room - day bilbo lead gandalf into bag end ... cozy and cluttere with souvenir of bilbo 's travel . gandalf have to stoop low to avoid hit he head on the low ceiling . bilbo hang up gandalf 's hat on a peg and trot off down the hall . bilbo ( call ) tea ? or maybe something a little stronger ... I have get a few bottle of the old wi bilbo disappear into the kitchen as gandalf look around enjoy the familiarity of bag end ... he turn , knock he head on the light and then walk into the wooden beam . he groans . bilbo ( cont ’d ) I be expect you last week . not that it matter , you come and go as you please , always have do , always will . you have catch I a bit unprepare , I be afraid ... we have only get cold chicken , bit of pickle , some cheese here ... ooh , no , that might be a little risky ... gandalf stop in front of a frame map , char in one corner . it be thorin 's map of the lonely mountain ... gandalf smile to himself . ( continued ) 18 . continued : bilbo ( cont ’d ) er , we have get raspberry jam and apple tart ... get some custard somewhere . not much for after , I be afraid . oh no we be alright ... I have just find some sponge cake . Nice little snack . hope it 's enough . ( come into view ) I could make you some egg if you have like ? bilbo jump , a half eat pork pie in he hand , as gandalf mysteriously appear behind he . gandalf just tea , thank you . bilbo oh ... right . you do not mind if ...? gandalf no , not at all . go ahead . a sudden loud knock on the front door . lobelia ( 0.s. ) bilbo baggin , you open this door ... bilbo I be not home . bilbo tiptoe to the window and peep out . bilbo ( whisper ) it 's the sackville - bagginse ! lobelia ( 0.s. ) I know you be in there ! bilbo ( whisper ) they be after the house . they have never forgiven I for live this long ! gandalf watch , amused , as bilbo try to hide . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) bilbo I have get to get away from this confound relative , hang on the bell all day , never give I a moment 's peace . I want to see mountain again mountain , gandalf ... and then find somewhere quiet where I can finish my book ... oh , tea ! gandalf so , you mean to go through with you plan , then ? bilbo yes , yes ... it 's all in hand . all the arrangement be make . gandalf frodo suspect something . bilbo ' course he do , he 's a baggin ... not some blockhead bracegirdle from hardbottle ! gandalf you will tell he , will not you ? bilbo yes , yes . gandalf he 's very fond of you . bilbo I know . he have probably come with I if I ask he . I think , in he heart , frodo 's still in love with the shire , the wood and the field ... little river . bilbo stand gaze out of the kitchen window . bilbo ( cont ’d ) I be old , gandalf ... bilbo look at gandalf sadly ... ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 3 ) bilbo ( cont ’d ) I know I do not look it , but I be beginning to feel it in my heart . close on : bilbo 's finger close around he waistcoat pocket grip a small , unseen object . bilbo ( cont ’d ) I feel thin ... sort of stretch , like butter scrape over too much bread . I need a holiday ... a very long holiday and I do not expect I shall return in fact , I mean not to . CUT to : int . bag end - evening gandalf and bilbo be sit on the bag end porch . below they , final preparation be be make on the party field . bilbo strike a match and light he pipe . bilbo Old Toby . the finest weed in the southfarth ! bilbo blow a perfect smoke ring and watch it rise into the air . a tiny sailing ship with mast and sail glide through the CENTER of bilbo 's smoke ring . bilbo ( cont ’d ) ohhhh. ( smile ) gandalf , my old friend ... this will be a night to remember . CUT to : ext . party field , hobbiton - night boom ! a firework explode into the night sky high above hobbiton . in the shape of a great green tree with unfold branch . tilt down : with glow flower as they rain down from the branch ... evaporate just above the upturn face of the delighted party - goer . ( continued ) 21 . continued : 144 hobbit , feast and drink cart of beer and wine be scattered about , and the table be pile high with steaming scone and savory . gandalf hurry about , lighting firework with a blue spark that dance magically from he staff ... bilbo be greeting visitor . bilbo hello , hello , fatty bolger , lovely to see you ! welcome , welcome ! frodo and SAM sit at a table drink ale ... frodo notice SAM be eye keep flick to another pretty hobbit , rosie cotton , sit some distance away . frodo go on , Sam , ask rosie for a dance . SAM ( horrify ) I think I will just have myself another ale . frodo oh , no you do not . go on . SAM go to drain he glass ... suddenly it be snatch out of he hand as frodo thrust he into the middle of a pass throng of dancer . angle on : SAM 's horrified face as he be swept away . frodo laugh and finish SAM 's beer . angle on : gandalf as he set alight a particularly spectacular firework that draw gasp of admiration from the party guest . close on : bilbo be relate storey of he adventure to a group of young hobbit child . bilbo ( melodramatic ) so there I be ... at the mercy of three monstrous troll ... have you ever hear of a troll ? do you know what a troll be ? great big nasty twenty foot high smelly thing ... and they be argue argue about how they be go to cook we ! ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) angle on : a little hobbit girl 's upturn face ... she eye grow larger and larger . bilbo ( cont ’d ) whether it be turn on a spit or mince in a pie or whether they be go to sit on we one by one and squash we into jelly ! they spend so long argue the whither - to 's and why - for 's that the sun 's first light crack over the top of the tree ... and turn they all to stone ! stunned gasp from he young audience greet he astonish feat ! close on : merry and pippin , two mischeivous young hobbit in they late teens . pippin scramble onto the back of gandalf 's wagon , snatching up a small firework . merry no , no ... the big one ... the big one ! pippin grab a huge rocket . merry smile . the pair run off with it . angle on : bilbo continue to greet he guest . he shake hand with a woman who be tail by a overwhelming crowd of child . bilbo Mrs. bracegirdle , how nice to see you ! welcome , welcome . be all this child yours ? mrs . bracegirdle laugh with tired eye and nod . bilbo good gracious , you have be productive . mrs . bracegirdle laugh and nod . suddenly ! bilbo 's ear be assaile by a familiar strident voice . lobelia ( 0.s. ) bilbo ? bilbo quickly run to frodo . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 3 ) bilbo ( panicked ) sackville - bagginse ! quickly ! hide ! bilbo and frodo quickly hide behind the wall of a tent . angle on : otho and lobelia sackville -baggins ... a older , grumpy - look pair with sharp eye ... emerge and look about the party like vulture search for prey . angle on : bilbo breathes a huge sigh of relief . bilbo thank you , my boy . angle on : frodo chuckle . bilbo ( suddenly serious ) you be a good lad , frodo . angle on : frodo stare at he uncle , perturb by the change of tone . bilbo ( cont ’d ) I be very selfish , you know . yes , I be . very selfish . I do not know why I take you in after you mother and father die , but it be not out of charity . I think ... it be because , of all my numerous relation ... you be the one baggin that show real spirit . frodo bilbo , have you be at the gaffer 's home brew ? bilbo no. well , yes . but that 's not the point . the point be , frodo ... you will be all right . bilbo lift he mug and take a drink ... probably of the gaffer 's home brew . close on : firework fuse crackle with flame ! ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 4 ) angle on : merry be hold out the big rocket ... he look aghst at the fizzing fuse that pippin have just light . merry ( cont ’d ) ( worried whisper ) you be suppose to stick it in the ground ! pippin it be in the ground . merry fearfully toss the rocket to pippin ! the fuse sizzle angrily . merry outside ! pippin this be you idea . pippin attempt to throw the fizzing rocket back to merry . whoosh ! the two hobbit be suddenly blow off they foot ina shower of spark as the rocket blast off with frightening power . angle on : the rocket zoom over the party ... it suddenly burst apart , form the shape of a great red golden dragon ! Fire fire gush from its nostril as it turn back and fly towards the startle crowd . close on : frodo watch the firework dragon with alarm ... but bilbo be oblivious to the panicking crowd and impending danger ! frodo bilbo ! watch out for the dragon !! bilbo Dragon ? nonsense ... have not be a dragon in this part for a thousand year ! angle on : frodo as he hurriedly pull bilbo to the ground , just as the dragon roar a few foot above they head like a flame express train ! hobbit dive to the ground , table overturn , tent collapse , food fly everywhere . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 5 ) the firework dragon turn a somersault and explode over the hill with a deafen bang ! this get the biggest cheer of the night . angle on : merry and pippin , clothes and hair smoking . merry that be good ! pippin let 's get another one ! large hand suddenly clamp down on merry and pippin 's ear . low angle : gandalf look down sternly ! gandalf meriadoc brandybuck , and peregrin take I might have know ! CUT to : merry and pippin be lean over a barrel , wash dish in soapy water ... with gandalf sit nearby , smoking he pipe and sip a ale . cries of '' speech ! speech ! '' erupt from the party . angle on : bilbo step on a stool ... he bow in gratitude at the applause . frodo speech ! bilbo ( clear he throat ) my dear bagginse and boffin , took and brandybuck ... grubb , chubb , burrowse , hornblower , bolger , bracegirdle , goodbody , brockhouse and proudfoot ... angle on : a hobbit with particularly big feet proudfoot proudfeet ! ( continued ) 26 . continued : bilbo proudfoot . also my good sackville - bagginse that I welcome back at last to bag end . angle on : otho and lobelia scowl at bilbo . he do not care . bilbo ( cont ’d ) today be my one hundred and eleventh birthday . I be eleventy - one today ! yes , and ala ... eleventy - one year be far too short a time to live among such excellent and admirable hobbit ! tremendous outburst of approval ! bilbo ( cont ’d ) I do not know half of you half as well as I should like , and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve ! scatter clapping as the guest try to work out if that be a compliment or not . close on : frodo and gandalf smile to themselves . close on : bilbo ... a strange hum seem to fill he head . a bead of sweat roll down he brow . bilbo 's hand pull something out of he waistcoat pocket and hold it behind he back . bilbo ( cont ’d ) I have ... thing to do and I have put this off for far too long . close on : bilbo 's knuckle turn white as he tighten he grip on the small object behind he back . bilbo ( cont ’d ) I regret to announce this be the end . I be go now . I bid you all a very fond farewell ! ! bilbo look across at frodo , hesitates ... then ... ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) bilbo ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) Goodbye . bilbo instantly vanish . the party explode into a uproar the crowd leap to its foot . angle on : frodo stare at the empty stool in disbelief . CUT to : ext . bag end - night the party be still in a excited uproar ... some 50 yard away as we pan across a moonlit lane to the front door of bag end . door open , pull by a invisible hand . int . bag end - night the door quietly close ... bilbo materialize as he pull a plain gold ring off he finger . bilbo laugh as he toss the ring in the air , then place it in he pocket . angle on : bilbo emerge from the passage , carry a walk stick . he find gandalf loom over he . gandalf I suppose you think that be terribly clever ? bilbo come on , gandalf . do you see they face ? gandalf there be many magic ring in this world , bilbo baggin , and none of they should be use lightly . bilbo it be just a bit of fun . oh , you be probably right , as usual . bilbo you will keep a eye on frodo , will not you ? ( continued ) continued : 28 . gandalf two eye . as often as I can spare they . bilbo I be leave everything to he . gandalf what about this ring of yours ? be that stay too ? close on : bilbo ... he give gandalf a look and nod towards the mantelpiece . bilbo yes , yes , it 's in a envelope ... over there on the mantelpiece . gandalf frown at the empty mantelpiece ... bilbo suddenly feel he waistcoat with a look of guilty surprise . angle on : bilbo ( cont ’d ) no , wait . it 's here in my pocket . be not that ... be not that odd , now ? yet , after all , why not ? why should not I keep it ? gandalf I think you should leave the Ring behind , bilbo . be that so hard ? bilbo well , no ... and yes . now it come to it , I do not feel like parting with it . it 's mine . I find it . it come to I ! gandalf look down at bilbo with rising concern . gandalf there 's no need to get angry . bilbo well , if I be angry , it 's you fault ! it 's mine . my own , my precious . gandalf precious ? it 's be call that before , but not by you . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) bilbo what business be it of yours what I do with my own thing ? bilbo 's voice , shape and manner have suddenly change . gandalf I think you have have that ring quite long enough . bilbo you want it for yourself ! gandalf rise to he full height , he eye flash , he shadow suddenly seem to fill the room . gandalf bilbo baggin , do not take I for some conjurer of cheap trick ! bilbo cower from gandalf , disarm by he power ... a frighten hobbit . gandalf 's expression soften . gandalf ( cont ’d ) I be not try to rob you . I be try to help you . sob , bilbo run to gandalf and hug he . gandalf ( cont ’d ) all you long year we have be friend trust I as you once do . let it go ! bilbo you be right , gandalf . the Ring must go to frodo . bilbo lift he knapsack and head for the front door . bilbo ( cont ’d ) it 's late , the road be long ... yes , it be time . gandalf bilbo ? bilbo hmmm ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 3 ) gandalf the Ring be still in you pocket . bilbo hesitates ... reach into he pocket . bilbo oh , yes . close on : bilbo pull out the ring ... he stare at it in he palm . with all he will power , bilbo allow the ring to slowly slide off he palm and drop to the floor . close on : the tiny ring land with a heavy thud on the wooden floor . ext . bag end - night angle on : bilbo staggering out of bag end ... he brace himself in the night air , pale and trembling , as if he loss of the ring have weaken he . gandalf step up behind . bilbo I have think up a end for my book ... '' and he live happily ever after to the end of he day . '' gandalf I be sure you will , my dear friend . bilbo Goodbye , gandalf . gandalf Goodbye , bilbo . bilbo walk away from bag end , disappear into the night , softly sing : '' the Road go on and on . '' gandalf ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) until we next meeting . CUT to : 31 . int . bag end live room - night close on : the ring ... glinting on the floor ... gandalf circle around it , a puzzle look on he face . gandalf slowly reach for the ring . his finger barely touch the ring ... the creepy hum rise on the soundtrack . angle on : gandalf be sit in front of the fire , with he pipe stare into the flicker flame . bilbo ( v.o. ) it 's mine , my own , my precious . gandalf ( to himself ) riddle in the dark . frodo ( 0.s. ) bilbo ! bilbo ! frodo rush into bag end ... he stop and pick up the ring at he foot . gandalf continue stare into the fire , as if lock in think . gandalf ( to himself ) my precious ... precious ... frodo ( quietly ) he 's go , have not he ? frodo step into the live room . frodo ( cont ’d ) he talk for so long about leave I do not think he have really do it . gandalf ( mutter to himself ) ... my own . frodo gandalf ? gandalf turn ... he eye lock onto the ring in frodo 's finger . gandalf bilbo 's ring . ( continued ) 32 . continued : gandalf sort hurriedly through bilbo 's papers . gandalf ( cont ’d ) he 's go to stay with the elve . he 's leave you bag end ... gandalf hold out the envelope ... frodo drop the ring into it . gandalf ( cont ’d ) ... along with all he possession . gandalf seal the envelope with wax . he hand it to frodo . gandalf ( cont ’d ) the ring be yours now . put it somewhere out of sight . gandalf rise hurriedly and start to gather he thing . frodo where be you go ? gandalf there be thing I must to see to . frodo what thing ? gandalf question . question that need answer . frodo but you have only just arrive ! I do not understand ... gandalf be already at the door , he turn to frodo . gandalf neither do i. keep it secret , keep it safe . gandalf hurry out the door ... leave frodo stand alone in bag end . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) angle on : the envelope the camera push in ... the hum of the ring come up on the soundtrack . the camera push through the white paper to the ring ... beneath the hum the whisper murmur of black speech can be hear . CUT to : ext . barad - dor - night the jag ruin of barad -dur . the dark tower ! teasing image : the huge dark tower of barad -dor be be rebuilt ! thousands of orc crawl over the surface , haul stone and iron up the tower height . gollum ( 0.s. ) shire ! baggin !! CUT to : ext . mina morgul - night nine black rider burst out of mina morgul and charge toward camera . ext . the west road , gondor - day wide on : a lone horseman gallop to the crest of a hill on the west road . the main highway south to mina tirith ... he look toward the saw-tooth mountain of mordor ... wide on : mount doom ... a huge , billowing cloud of black filth grow and spread across the red streak sky ... casting a shadowy pall over the nightmarish landscape ... seeping out across the blood red sky ... angle on : gandalf , he face grave . he spur he horse on . CUT to : int . citadel , mina tirith - night angle on : gandalf make he way down into the lower depth of the citadel . CUT to : 34 . int . citadel chamber , mina tirith - night close on : page flipping as gandalf search ancient scroll and book place high on a wooden table . his eye settle on one old parchment . he murmur hurriedly to himself , read . gandalf ( read ) the year 3434 of the second Age here follow the account of isildur High King of gondor , and the find of the Ring of power . dissolve to : close on : isildur , triumphant , reach for the one ring , he eye fixated on it . gandalf ( read ) it have come to I ... the Ring of power ! it shall be a heirloom of my kingdom ... all that who follow in my bloodline shall be bound to its fate , for I will risk no hurt to the ring ... it be precious to I , though I buy it with great pain ... close on : elvish lettering mark on the fade old document in gandalf hand . gandalf ( read ) the mark on the band begin to fade the write which at first be as clear as red flame , have all but disappear ... a secret now that only fire can tell ... CUT to : ext . hobbit farmhouse - evening farmer maggot be chopping wood in he garden . close on : snorting horse nostril ... as the shadow of a black rider loom over a hobbit house . terrify , farmer maggot cower in he doorway ... fang , he dog , whimper and back away . ( continued ) 35 . continued : black rider ( hiss ) shire ? baggin ? farmer maggot ( terrify ) there 's no bagginse around here ! they be all up in hobbiton ... that way . the black rider gallop away at speed . CUT to : int . GREEN dragon - night the hobbit of hobbiton be have a grand evening of ale and song . angle on : merry and pippin , mug in hand , sing and dance on a table while support each other . angle on : frodo retrieve more mug of ale from the bar and dance around the tavern . hobbit ( sing ) hey ho , to the bottle I go ! to heal my heart and drow my woe . rain may fall and wind may blow . but there still be - many mile to go ! sweet be the sound of the pour rain , and the stream that fall from hill to plain . better than rain or rippling brook - pippin be a mug of beer inside this take ! huge laughter and clinking of mug . angle on : daddy twofoot , ted sandyman , and SAM 's father , ham gamgee ( a.k.a. the gaffer ) , involve themselves in a most serious discussion . SAM sit quietly next to he father . ( continued ) continued : angle on : 36 . daddy twofoot there 's be some strange folk crossing the shire . dwarve , and other of a less than savoury nature . ted sandyman War be brewing . the mountain be fair teeming with goblin . SAM , smoke he pipe and look at rosie behind the bar . she give he a huge smile . he laugh angle on : later ... angle on : gaffer far-off tale and child 's storey , that 's all that be . you be beginning to sound like that old bilbo baggin . crack , he be . ted sandyman Young Mr. frodo here , he 's crack ! as frodo arrive with drink . frodo and proud of it . cheer , gaffer . gaffer well , it 's none of we concern what go on beyond we border . keep you nose out of trouble , and no trouble will come to you . frodo smile and raise he tankard . rosie cotton bid the last of the patron '' goodnight '' . SAM meet she eye for a moment as he and frodo leave the inn . rosie goodnight , lad . SAM goodnight . ( continued ) 37 . continued : frodo and SAM continue on they way . behind they , a intoxicate hobbit kneel before rosie and raise he arm as if worshipp a goddess . intoxicated hobbit goodnight , sweet maiden of the golden ale ! SAM ( mutter ) mind who you be sweet - talk . frodo do not worry , Sam . rosie know a idiot when she see one . SAM stop walk . SAM ( worried ) do she ? CUT to : ext . bag end - night wide on : frodo farewells SAM outside bag end , and head towards the front door . creepy Pov from inside bag end : frodo come up the path . CUT to : int . bag end live room - night angle on : frodo enter bag end ... he immediately pause , sense that something be amiss . all be quiet ... frodo peer uneasily into the darken live room . suddenly ! a large figure loom out of the shadow , reach for frodo . frodo let out a startle cry , pull himself free and spin around to face he assailant . gandalf step into a shaft of moonlight . paranoia blaze in he eye . his clothes be dirty and rag from much travel . Hair and beard much longer and unkempt . ( continued ) 38 . continued : gandalf ( urgent whisper ) be it secret ? be it safe ? CUT to : int . bag end live room - night frodo pull the envelope out of a old chest . gandalf , suspcious , alert . without a word , gandalf take the envelope and toss it into the fireplace ! frodo ( bewilder ) what be you do ? flame instantly consume the envelope ... revealing the ring , as it sink into the red hot ember . gandalf reach into the fire with a pair of tong ... he lift the ring out . gandalf hold out you hand , frodo ... it be quite cool . gandalf drop the ring into frodo 's hand ... he react to its weight . gandalf ( cont ’d ) what can you see ? can you see anything ? frodo nothing ... there 's nothing . wait ... close on : the gold band of the ring as fiery letter begin to appear ... a tiny inscription glow red ... as if burn from within . frodo ( cont ’d ) ... there be marking . close on : gandalf ... still ... tense . frodo ( cont ’d ) it 's some form of elvish . I can not read it . ( continued ) 39 . continued : gandalf ( ominous ) there be few who can ... the language be that of mordor , which I will not utter here . frodo mordor ? gandalf in the common tongue , it say : '' one Ring to rule they all . one Ring to find they . one Ring to bring they all and in the darkness bind they . '' CUT to : int . bag end kitchen - night close on : the ring lie on frodo 's simple kitchen table . gandalf this be the one Ring , forge by the Dark Lord sauron , in the fire of mount doom ... take by isildur from the hand of sauron himself . frodo ( quiet realization ) bilbo find it ... in gollum 's cave . gandalf yes . for sixty year , the Ring lay quiet in bilbo 's keep , prolong he life , delay old age ... but no longer , frodo . evil be stir in mordor . the Ring have awoken . it 's hear its master 's call . at that moment : a fleeting , low whisper of black speech emanate from the ring . frodo look at gandalf , each know the other have hear it . frodo but he be destroy ... sauron be destroy . angle on : the ring lie between they on the table . ( continued ) continued : suddenly , 40 . gandalf no , frodo . the spirit of sauron endure . his life force be bound to the Ring and the Ring survive . sauron have return . his orc have multiply ... he fortress of barad - dar be rebuilt in the land of mordor . sauron need only this Ring to cover all the land in the second darkness . he be seek it , seek it , all he think be bent on it . for the Ring yearn , above all else , to return to the hand of its master : they be one , the Ring and the Dark Lord . frodo , he must never find it . frodo scoops up the ring . frodo alright ! CUT to : int . bag end live room - night angle on : frodo hurriedly enter the live room . frodo ( think fast ) we put it away , we keep it hide ! we never speak of it again . no one know it 's here , do they ? gandalf shift uncomfortably . frodo ( cont ’d ) do they , gandalf ? gandalf look at frodo sadly ... gandalf there be one other who know that bilbo have the Ring . I look everywhere for the creature gollum , but the enemy find he first . CUT to : 41 . int . barad - dor - night close on : a teasing glimpse of gollum be torture by the orc . the wretch creature scream in pain . gandalf ( v.0o . ) I do not know how long they torture he but amidst the endless scream and inane babble , they discern two word . gollum ( scream ) s... shire ! baggin ! CUT to : int . bag end live room - night close on : frodo 's horrified face ! frodo shire ! baggin ! that will lead they here ! ext . shire lane , south farthing - night image : on a dark country lane , a hobbit bounder lift he watch lantern in alarm . hobbit bounder halt ! who go there ? out of the darkness thunder two black rider ... a lethal sword swing down at the small hobbit bounder . CUT to : int . bag end live room - night frodo thrust the ring at gandalf . frodo take it ! take it ! gandalf no , frodo ... frodo you must take it . ( continued ) continued : close on : close on : 42 . gandalf you can not offer I this ring . frodo I be give it to you ! gandalf do not tempt I , frodo ! I dare not take it , not even to keep it safe . the ring in frodo 's hand ... gandalf ( cont ’d ) understand , frodo ... I would use this Ring from a desire to do good ... but through I , it would wield a power too great and terrible to imagine . frodo but it can not stay in the shire ! gandalf no , no , it can not . the ring in frodo 's clenched hand . frodo what must I do ? CUT to : int . frodo 's bedroom - night angle on : frodo throw clothes into a knapsack ... gandalf watch he , make plan ... gandalf you must leave , and leave quickly . get out of the shire . frodo where ? where shall I go ? gandalf make for the village of bree . frodo bree ? what about you ? ( continued ) 43 . continued : gandalf I will be wait for you at the Inn of the prancing pony . frodo pack he food into he knapsack . frodo and the Ring will be safe there ? gandalf I do not know , frodo . I do not have any answer . I must see the head of my order . he be both wise and powerful . trust I , frodo . he ’1l1 know what to do . CUT to : int . bag end live room - night frodo be prepare to leave . gandalf you 'il have to leave the name of baggin behind you ... for that name be not safe outside the shire . gandalf help frodo into he coat . gandalf ( cont ’d ) Travel only by day . and stay off the road . frodo ( think ) I can cut across country easily enough . gandalf look at the young hobbit , move by he courage . gandalf my dear frodo . hobbit really be amazing creature . you can learn all there be to know about they way ina month , and yet , after a hundred year , they can still surprise you . suddenly ! a SOUND from outside . ( continued ) 44 . continued : gandalf ( cont ’d ) get down ! gandalf freeze ... he move quietly towards the window , eye wide with tension . he raise he staff above the window , and slam it down on the intruder . there be a yelp of pain ! gandalf haul a small figure into the room ... SAM gamgee sprawl across the floor ! he look up in terror as gandalf loom over he . gandalf ( cont ’d ) ( angry ) confound it all ! samwise gamgee , have you be eavesdropp ? SAM I be not be drop no eave , sir ! honest . I be just cut the grass under the window there , if you follow I ... gandalf it 's a little bit late for trimming the hedge , do not you think ? SAM I hear raise voice ... gandalf what do you hear ? speak ! SAM nothing important ... that be , I hear a good deal about a ring ... and a Dark Lord . and something about the end of the world , but ... please , Mr. gandalf , sir , do not hurt I ! do not turn I into anything unnatural ! gandalf no ? frodo smile . gandalf ( cont ’d ) perhaps not . I have think of a better use for you . CUT to : 45 . ext . hobbiton field - predawn wide on : hobbiton ... shroud in a white veil of mist . wider : to reveal gandalf , frodo , and SAM hurry across a ploughed field , away from hobbiton ! gandalf lead he horse ... frodo and SAM be carry knapsack . gandalf ( v.0o . ) come along , samwise ... keep up ... CUT to : ext . hobbiton wood - day gandalf lead frodo and SAM under the cover of wood . gandalf ( v.0o . ) be careful , both of you . the enemy have many spy in he service , many way of hearing ... bird , beast ... gandalf take frodo to one side ... gandalf ( cont ’d ) ( low voice ) be it safe ? frodo nods ... he pat he pocket . gandalf ( cont ’d ) never put it on , for the agent of the Dark Lord will be draw to its power ... always remember , frodo , the Ring be try to get back to its master ... it want to be find . gandalf wheel he horse and gallop away . CUT to : ext . GREEN hill country - day montage : frodo and SAM hike over the gentle shire countryside . wading through a shallow stream ... pass by the quaint hollow of hobbit hole ... heating a kettle over a small fire . clamber over stone wall . CUT to : ext . GREEN hill country - afternoon SAM stop short back from where they come . SAM this be it . frodo this be what ? SAM if I take one more step , it 'il be the farthest away from home I have ever be . frodo give SAM a pat on the shoulder . SAM take close on : frodo come on , Sam . a deep breath and step forward . SAM be brown , furry foot hit the ground . frodo be smiling . frodo and frodo remember what bilbo use to say ... it 's a dangerous business ... SAM continue they journey . bilbo ( v.o . ) ... it 's a dangerous business , frodo , go out you door ... you step onto the road , and if you do not keep you foot , there 's no know where you might be sweep off to . ext . hobbiton wood - night SAM cook a dinner while frodo relax in a tree , pipe . suddenly , frodo turn he head , listen . on the soundtrack : sing ... high , sweet voice strange language . 46 . take stock of he surroundings . SAM look CUT to : smoking he sing ina ( continued ) 47 . continued : angle on : frodo look at SAM with a delighted smile . frodo ( whisper ) Sam ! Wood - elve ! angle on : a group of elve pass slowly through the forest , some on horseback , some walk , some with banner . the group seem to shine of its own light , they white garment softly glow against the purple and midnight blue of the wood . they haunt song continue . elven voice ( elvish ) a galad ren i veniar hi ' aladhremmin ennorath a elbereth gilthoniel ithil to th@1 , ithil lin hen o Light to we that wander here amid the world of woven tree ! 0 elbereth ! gilthoniel ! clear be thy eye and bright thy breath ! angle on : frodo and SAM watch the procession from behind a tree . frodo they be go to the harbour beyond the White tower . to the grey haven . SAM they be leave Middle -earth . frodo never to return . SAM I do not know why ... it make I sad . CUT to : ext . hobbiton wood - night frodo appear asleep . SAM try desperately to find a comfortable spot on the ground . ( continued ) 48 . continued : SAM everywhere I lie there 's a dirty great root stick into my back . frodo neither move nor open he eye . frodo just shut you eye , and imagine you be back in you own bed , with a soft mattress and a lovely feather pillow . angle on : SAM look skeptical , but try it . SAM ( sigh ) it 's not work Mr. frodo . I be never go to be able to sleep out here . frodo I neither , Sam . frodo smile . SAM stare at the sky and find something to nibble on . ext . shire , a hill - night wide on : mist descend over the peaceful shire . track back to reveal : a horse neigh and stamp . its black rider come slowly to a halt and look for he prey . CUT to : ext . isengard valley - day gandalf be gallop along the outskirt of the ancient forest of fangorn . nestled in a basin at the foot of the distant misty mountain , the tall black tower of orthanc be clearly visible . ext . isengard valley - day gandalf gallop through the gate , into the fortress of isengard . a great ring - wall of stone , a mile from rim to rim , enclose beautiful tree and garden , water by stream that flow down from the mountain . ( continued ) 49 . continued : saruman ( v.0 . ) smoke rise once more from the mountain of doom ... the shadow take shape in the darkness of mordor ; the hour grow late ... and gandalf the grey ride to isengard seek my council ... the strange tower of orthanc ... hewn from a solid pillar of obsidian ... rise up in the center of the isengard circle . gandalf arrive at he foot of the orthanc stair . angle on : saruman , the white wizard as he sweep down the orthanc stair . saruman for that be why you have come , be it not , my old friend ? gandalf move quickly towards he , grimy and weary from he long ride . gandalf saruman ! CUT to : ext . isengard garden - day gandalf and saruman walk slowly between the beautiful tree of isengard . saruman 's clean , white robe contrast with gandalf 's dusty grey robe . saruman be you sure of this ? gandalf Beyond any doubt . saruman so the Ring of power have be find ? gandalf all this long year , it be in the shire , under my very nose . saruman yet you do not have the wit to see it . you love of the halfling 's leaf have clearly slowed you mind . ( continued ) 50 . continued : gandalf we still have time ... time enough to counter sauron ... if we act quickly . saruman time ? what time do you think we have ? CUT to : int . orthanc ante - chamber - day gandalf and saruman be seat in a small , cluttere room to the side of the cavernous central chamber . saruman sauron have regain much of he former strength . he can not yet take physical form ... but he spirit have lose none of its potency . conceal within he fortress , the Lord of mordor see all . his gaze pierce cloud , shadow , earth and flesh . you know of what I speak , gandalf ... a great Eye , lidless , wreathe in flame . gandalf ( softly ) the Eye of sauron . saruman he be gather all evil to he . very soon , he will have summon a army great enough to launch a assault on Middle earth . gandalf you know this ? how ? saruman I have see it . gandalf and saruman stride through orthanc toward a stone plinth on which a sphere like shape be drape with a cloth ... gandalf a palantir be a dangerous tool , saruman . angle on : saruman lift the cloth to reveal the palantir . ( continued ) 51 . continued : saruman why ? why should we fear to use it ? gandalf they be not all account for , the lose seeing-stone . we do not know who else may be watch . gandalf throw the cloth back over the palantir . flash image : a fiery eye ! angle on : saruman sit on he throne . saruman the hour be later than you think . sauron 's force be already move ... the nine have leave minas morgul . gandalf ( shocked ) the nine ? saruman they cross the River isen on midsummer 's Eve , disguise as rider in black . gandalf ( alarmed ) they have reach the shire ? saruman shrug ... saruman they will find the Ring ... and kill the one who carry it . gandalf back away and turn to run to the door ... horrify as the door suddenly slam shut . saruman ( cont ’d ) you do not seriously think a hobbit could contend with the will of sauron ? there be none who can . gandalf slowly turn to saruman ... a look of dawn horror . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) saruman ( cont ’d ) against the power of mordor there can be no victory . we must join with he , gandalf . we must join with sauron . it would be wise , my friend . gandalf ( deadly ) tell I , friend , when do saruman the Wise abandon reason for madness ? at that moment : gandalf be suddenly blast across the room ! he slam againt the wall ... pin there by some unseen force . with sudden effort , gandalf wrench himself off the wall and swing he staff on saruman ... blast he off he foot ! gandalf and saruman battle , powerful blast throw they across the room . saruman scream , eye blazing ! gandalf 's staff be suddenly wrench from he grasp ... it fly across the chamber into saruman 's hand ! gandalf be flung to the floor . saruman I give you the choice of aid I willingly , but you have elect the way of pain ! gandalf be breathe hard on the floor , he eye look into the madness of saruman ... commanding two staff , saruman send gandalf into a sicken spin . gandalf tumble towards the top of the chamber ... as if fall in reverse . rushing Pov : the roof of orthanc rocket toward camera . CUT to : ext . farmer 's field - day wide on : frodo and SAM walk along a country lane which border farmer maggot 's field . angle on : SAM be look up ... frodo have disappear around a corner in the lane . ( continued ) 53 . continued : SAM ( panicked ) Mr. frodo . Mr. frodo ! frodo turn , surprised as SAM come run towards he . SAM ( cont ’d ) ( worried ) I think I would lose you . angle on : frodo look at SAM suspiciously . angle on : SAM glance down , embarrassed . frodo ( teasing ) what be you talk about ? SAM ( mumble ) it 's just something gandalf say ... frodo what do he say ? SAM he say ... '' '' do not you leave he , samwise gamgee . '' ( look at frodo intently ) and I do not mean to . frodo ( laugh ) Sam ... we be still in the shire what could possibly happen ? suddenly ! a figure come crash out of a hedgerow send frodo fly . frodo pick himself up , only to be knock back down again by pippin . pippin frodo ! merry , it 's frodo baggin . merry hello frodo ! angle on : merry , pippin , and frodo pick themselves up ... a variety of vegetable have scattered everywhere . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) SAM what 's the meaning of this ! merry Sam , hold this ... merry give SAM a large cabbage . SAM you have be into Farmer maggot 's crop ! angle on : a large pitchfork can be see racing towards they along the hedgerow ... angry shout from farmer maggot . farmer maggot ( 0.s. ) who 's that in my field ! get out of it ! get out of my field , you young varmit ! I ’1l1 show you ... get out of my corn . angle on : merry and pippin hurriedly gather they booty and race away ... with frodo and SAM on they heel . merry I do not know why he be so upset , it 's only a couple of carrot . pippin and some cabbage ... and that three bag of potato that we lift last week . and the mushroom the week before . merry yes , pippin , my point be , he 's clearly overreact . on the soundtrack : the baying of large dog sound ! pippin run ! CUT to : ext . wooded road - day frodo , SAM , and merry and pippin tumble head over heel down a bank , onto a dark , wood road . ( continued ) 55 . continued : close on : a wind pippin , he face inch away from a large pile of horse dropping ... pippin that be close . frodo pick himself up and look around quickly . merry ( groan ) ow ... I think I have break something . he pull a large carrot , almost break through in the middle , out from he back pocket . merry ( cont ’d ) oh. SAM ( turn on merry and pippin ) trust a brandybuck and a take ! merry what ? that be just a detour a short cut . SAM a shortcut to what ? pippin have spy something under the tree on the far side of the road . pippin ( excited ) mushroom ! close on : SMALL , brown mushroom grow amongst the loamy undergrowth . SAM , merry , and pippin race toward the mushroom ! angle on : frodo be tense and watchful . he realize they be ona wood road . scatter leave rise into the air whirling down the road as if blow by a invisible wind ... suddenly ... the SOUND of horse hoove ... frodo I think we should get off the road . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) a long draw wail come down the wind , like the cry of some evil and lovely creature . frodo ( cont ’d ) ( more urgency ) get off the road ! SAM grab merry and pippin as the hobbit quickly scramble down the bank , hide under a mossy log . the SOUND of hoove be close ... a sinister mounted ringwraith step into view ... hood and faceless , mount on a huge snarling black horse with insane eye ! frodo freeze in terror . angle on : the ringwraith pause right beside they hide place he sit very still with head bow , listen . from inside the hood come a sniff noise as if he be try to catch a elusive scent : he head turn from side to side . close on : frodo ... bead of sweat gather on he brow angle on : the ringwraith suddenly slide off he horse , lean over the mossy log , peer suspiciously into the wood . close on : frodo ... he be draw the ring out of he pocket , with tremble hand ... he face fevere and sweat as if in the grip of some terrible internal struggle . the SOUND of sniffing intensify as the ringwraith dart he head from side to side like a bird of prey . close on : frodo squeezing he eye shut ... quick psychic blast ! a evil dark tower ... a great eye ... a burst of flame . angle on : SAM looking at frodo with concern . SAM frodo ? merry desperately hurl the mushroom across the road ... the ringwraith spin around at the sound , and dart to the far side of the road with frightening speed . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 3 ) angle on : frodo instantly slump ... as if a psychic link have be break ... merry what be that ? frodo be stare , a look of shock on he face at the ring lie in the palm of he hand . ext . ferry lane - night frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin hurry through the tree slip and slide on the muddy ground . SAM anything ? frodo nothing . pippin what be go on ? angle on : merry move past pippin , toward frodo , watch intently ... SAM keep look around nervously . merry that Black Rider be look for something ... or someone ... frodo ? SAM get down ! angle on : the silhouette of a black rider loom against the skyline . angle on : the four hobbit ... sprawle on the ground , hold they breath . angle on : the black rider turn and depart . frodo I have to leave the shire . Sam and I must get to bree . angle on : merry look at he friend ... realize frodo be in deep trouble . ( continued ) 58 . continued : merry right ... buckleberry ferry ... follow I ! the hobbit break cover . suddenly , a ringwraith burst out of the forest toward they ! merry ( cont ’d ) there 's another one !! frodo , this way ! ! the hobbit run ... the ringwraith shriek ! quick cut : Black horse hoof ... snarling horse mouth ... a fleeting black cowl . merry ( cont ’d ) frodo , follow I ! CUT to : ext . buckleberry ferry - night frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin be run towards the wide , placid brandywine river ... and the ferry . merry get the rope , Sam . quick angle : stomping hoove ... snarling horse ... four ringwraith be speed through the fog ... converge on the ferry crossing . the hobbit stampede across the wharf and tumble onto the ferry . SAM ( scream ) frodo ! frodo race across the wooden wharf , follow by the ringwraith . he leap onto the ferry . close on : hoove thunder down the wooden wharf ! SAM and merry shove off with the pole ... the ferry slide out into the river , just as the ringwraith arrive . they pull up on the end of the wharf ... shriek with rage ! the hobbit cover they ear . ( continued ) 59 . continued : the ringwraith wheel they horse towards the north and gallop away along the river bank , quickly disappear into the fog . frodo where be the nearest crossing ? merry the brandywine bridge ... twenty mile . CUT to : ext . bree gate - night angle on : light of bree ... a small village of stone and half - timbere house nestle against a low wood hill . a thick hedge surround the village ... a great gate bar the western entrance . close on : frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin approach the gatehouse ... wild eye , rag , and out of breath . frodo come on . angle on : a surly gatekeeper , old harry , glance down at they . old harry what do you want ? frodo we be head for the prancing pony . old harry swing he lantern onto the hobbit , bathing they in a uncomfortable yellow spotlight . old harry hobbit ! four hobbit , and what 's more , out of the shire by you talk . what business bring you to bree ? frodo we wish to stay at the inn ... we business be we own . to frodo 's relief , old harry unlock the gate . old harry all right , young sir , I mean no offense . ( continued ) 60 . continued : the hobbit gratefully enter bree .. old harry eyeing they curiously in the lantern light . old harry ' tis Old Harry 's job to ask question after nightfall . there 's talk of strange folk abroad ... can not be too careful . CUT to : ext . bree street - night the tall bree folk loom over the nervous little hobbit as frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin make they way through the narrow street . tall building tower above they ... light glow dimly from behind thick curtain . close on : the sign of the '' prancing pony inn '' ... frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin hurry toward it . int . '' prancing pony '' reception - night frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin come rush in . frodo attract the inn keeper 's attention . frodo Excuse I . butterbur good evening , little master . if you be seek accommodation , we have get some nice , cozy hobbit size room available . mr...ah ... frodo underhill ... my name 's underhill . butterbur underhill ? hmmmm . frodo we be friend of gandalf the grey ... can you tell he we have arrive ? butterbur frown ... ( continued ) 61 . continued : butterbur ( puzzle ) gandalf ... gandalf ... oh ... ( recognition ) oh , yes ! I remember ... elderly chap big grey beard ... pointy hat ? butterbur shake he head . butterbur ( cont ’d ) not see he for six month . frodo be shocked . SAM ( worried whisper ) what do we do now ? int . prancing pony - later wide on : the noisy , smokey inn . it be dimly light , shiefly froma blaze log fire ... and crowded with a mixture of big folk , local hobbit , and a couple of dwarf . angle on : frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin be sit at a table against the wall ... clearly try to remain quiet and inconspicuous ... SAM can not help himself ... he keep casting nervous glance around . frodo Sam , he will be here . he x11 come . angle on : merry ploink himself down at a table , carry a very large mug of beer . pippin what 's that ? merry this , my friend , be a pint . pippin it come in pint ? I be get one . SAM watch pippin rise unsteadily to he foot and head to the bar . ( continued ) 62 . continued : SAM you have get a whole half already ! merry watch pippin go . angle on : a couple of swarthy men lean against the bar glance at frodo , then quickly look away . SAM ( cont ’d ) ( tense ) that fellow 's do nothing but stare at you since we arrive . SAM indicate a brooding stranger who sit alone at a table in the far corner , smoking a curiously carve long stem pipe , peer from beneath a travel stain cowl with gleam eye . frodo gesture to butterbur . frodo Excuse I , that man in the corner , who be he ? butterbur he 's one of they ranger ; they be dangerous folk they be , wander the wild . what he right name be , I never hear , but round here he 's know as strider . frodo ( to himself ) strider . beneath table : frodo 's finger be nervously toying with the ring . close on : frodo ... sweat run down he brow . the strange hum of the ring spill into the soundtrack . '' baggin ... baggin ... '' a creepy whisper seem to fill frodo 's head ... sound that dissolves into pippin 's loud voice : pippin baggin ? sure I know a baggin . he 's over there ... ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) angle on : pippin sit at the bar , chat with local . frodo leap to he foot and push he way to the bar . pippin ( cont ’d ) frodo baggin . he 's my second cousin , once remove on he mother 's side and my third cousin , twice remove on he father 's side ... if you follow I . frodo grab pippin 's sleeve , spilling he beer . frodo pippin ! pippin steady on , frodo ! pippin push frodo away ... he stumble backwards , and fall to the floor . at that instant , the inn go silent and all the attentionturn to frodo ... close on : the ring ... in agonizing slow motion ... we watch as it seem to hang in the air for a split second ... then crash down onto he outstretch finger . frodo vanish ! there be a sharp intake of breath follow by total silence . CUT to : ext . bree countryside - night the ringwraith turn sharply in they saddle ... instantly aware that the ring be be wear . they spur they horse towards the distant light of bree . int . '' prancing pony '' inn - night SAM look sick ; pippin instantly sober , realize he folly ; the brood stranger frown ... and the inn erupt into excited babble . ( continued ) 64 . continued : in the twilight world : angle on : frodo , as he find himself in the twilight world of the ring : the excite crowd be suddenly move in slow motion . distort voice ... a weird photographic negative quality . frodo be move in real time ; against the slow motion background . he suddenly clutches he head as he be hit with quick image ... of a great eye ! a evil cat - like eye , wreathed in flame . voice of sauron you cannot hide ... I see you : there be no life here in the void only cold ... only death . frodo be terrify ! he roll under a table , desperately pull the ring from he finger . frodo materialize into the real world . at that moment : a large hand reach under the table and grab frodo by the collar , and drag he away ! CUT to : int . prancing pony - corridor - night frodo be roughly push against the wall . the brooding stranger loom over he . strider you draw far too much attention to yourself ... Mr. underhill . CUT to : int . hobbit 's room , prancing pony - night frodo be push into the hobbit 's room by strider . frodo what do you want ? strider a little more caution from you ... that be no trinket you carry . frodo I carry nothing . ( continued ) 65 . continued : strider indeed ? I can avoid be see if I wish , but to disappear entirely ... that be a rare gift . he take down the hood of he cloak to reveal a shaggy head of dark hair fleck with grey , and in a pale stern face a pair of keen grey eye . frodo who be you ? strider be you frighten ? frodo yes . strider not nearly frighten enough . I know what hunt you . frodo jump at the sound of a noise in the corridor . strider deftly draw he sword . angle on : the door burst OPEN and SAM , merry , and pippin appear on the doorway . SAM be squaring off with he fist , merry brandish a candelabra , and pippin a chair . SAM let he go or I 'il have you , longshank ! strider sheath he sword , a slight smile play on he lip . strider you have a stout heart , little hobbit , but that alone will not save you ... you can no frodo . they be come . CUT to : ext . gatehouse , bree - night old harry come out of he lodging with a lantern ... a look of fear on he face . he approach the close gate with great apprehension . ( continued ) 66 . continued : close on : old harry peer out of he peephole . crash ! ! the gate crash down on old harry ... as four ringwraith ride into bree ! ext . bree street - night the four ringwraith fly down the empty street , like horseman of the apocalypse . int . prancing pony inn - night low angle : the front door fly OPEN . the four ringwraith rush into the prancing pony with wicked sword drawn . close on : butterbur hide behind he bar ... tremble and sweat in terror . int . hobbit 's room , prancing pony - night insert : merry snoring softly on he pillow . insert : pippin stir slightly , then settles back to sleep . wide on : the door creak open ... the four ringwraith silently slide into the hobbit 's room . they loom over each bed , raise they shining sword above the sleeping hobbit . quick insert : SAM 's eye open wide . in unison , the ringwraith stab the hobbit , in a slashing , hacking frenzy . int . strider 's room - night angle on : strider be grimly listen to the sound from he room . int . hobbit 's room , prancing pony - night wide on : the ringwraith step back from the slashed bed in triumph . close on : a hack blanket be pull back to reveal nothing but a shred pillow . the ringwraith shriek with rage ! ( continued ) 67 . continued : insert : SAM sit up with a start ! close on : another shred pillow be reveal ! more shriek of rage . insert : merry and pippin wake with a start . CUT to : int . strider 's room - night wide on : SAM , merry , and pippin have be sleep on strider 's bed . frodo stand next to strider by the window , peer out nervously as furious ringwraith screech echo across the courtyard from the hobbit 's room . frodo what be they ? strider they be once Men . angle on : strider glance quickly at frodo , then look away ... strider ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) great king of Men . then sauron the deceiver give to they nine ring of power . blind by they greed they take they without question , one by one fall into darkness . now they be slave to he will . strider look from the window as the ringwraith gallop down the bree street . close on : strider turn back to the hobbit , he face light faintly by the glowing ember of the FIRE . strider ( cont ’d ) they be the nazggl , ringwraith , neither live nor dead . at all time they feel the presence of the Ring draw to the power of the one ... they will never stop hunt you . CUT to : 68 . ext . chetwood forest - day angle on : strider , merry , pippin , and frodo march through a gloomy overgrown forest . SAM follow at the rear lead bill , a scrawny pony , who be laden with supplies . frodo where be you take we ? strider into the Wild . angle on : frodo watch uneasily as strider move off into the cover of tree ... merry ( whisper aside ) how do we know this strider be a friend of gandalf ? frodo I think a servant of the enemy would look fairer and feel fouler . merry he 's foul enough . frodo we have no choice but to trust he . SAM but where be he lead we ? strider stop , cast a glance back at SAM . strider to rivendell , master gamgee ... to the house of elrond . SAM look excited . SAM do you hear that , Bill ? rivendell ! we be go to see the elve ! strider lead the hobbit through the gloom of the forest . CUT to : 69 . ext . midgewater moor - day aerial on : strider lead frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin across the windswept moor . angle on : the hobbit suddenly stop and unstrap they knapsack . strider gentlemen , we do not stop till nightfall . pippin what about breakfast ? strider you have already have it . pippin we have have one , yes ... what about second breakfast ? angle on : strider stare at pippin blankly , then turn away , shaking he head . merry I do not think he know about second breakfast , pip . pippin what about elevense , luncheon , afternoon tea , dinner ... he know about they , do not he ? merry I would not count on it . a apple be throw to merry , who deftly catch it . another , aim at pippin , catch he on the forehead . merry ( cont ’d ) ( exasperate ) pippin ! angle on : the hobbit trudge through rain , look tired , hungry , and miserable . CUT to : 70 . ext . midgewater - day wide on : aragorn , frodo , SAM , bill , merry , and pippin struggle through a angle on : angle on : muck . dense swampland . bug swarm around they . merry slap at the swarm insect . merry what do they eat when they can not get hobbit ? pippin lose he balance and fall face first into the ext . midgewater - night angle on : angle on : the full moon stand high overhead . strider keep a lone watch by the die ember of the fire . he sing quietly to himself . close on : angle on : strider ( elvish ) tinuviel elvanui , elleth alfirin ethelhael o hon ring finnil fuinui a renc gelebrin thiliol . tinuiviel the elven -fair , Immortal maiden elven - wise , about he cast she night - dark hair , and arm like silver glimmer . frodo awaken , hearing strider 's song . frodo who be she ? this woman you sing of ? strider turn , momentarily startle . he relax quickly . he speak as if the tale be personal to he . strider ' tis the lady of luthien . the elf-maiden who give she love to beran , a mortal . frodo what happen to she ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : strider she die . strider sigh . his face bear remorse as he turn to frodo . strider ( cont ’d ) get some sleep , frodo . frodo nod and lay back down . strider turn back to he vigil and look up at the moon . his eye be brim with tear . CUT to : int . orthanc ante - chamber - night saruman stand over the palant{r , he hand cupping the massive eye . saruman ( whisper ) the power of isengard be at you command , sauron , Lord of the Earth . on the soundtrack : black speech fill the room ... amidst the harsh , guttural word , the voice of sauron emerge . sauron build I a army worthy of mordor . int . orthanc ante -chamber - night saruman be seat as he orc overseer approach orc overseer what order from mordor , my lord ? what do the Eye command ? saruman we have work to do . CUT to : int . isengard - night close on : gandalf ... lie unconscious on a cold obsidian floor . he wake to the sound of rip and tear ... rise onto he knee ... lift he head ( continued ) 72 . continued : gandalf stand as the camera pull back to reveal he strand on the summit of orthanc . he be maroon on the tiny , flat peak , surround on all side by a sheer 500 foot drop . another whisper wail rend the air . gandalf cross quickly to the edge and peer down : Pov : one of the beautiful isengard tree be be rip from the ground by the orc . gandalf look on in horror as orc hack into the trunk with axe . angle on : saruman stand in rain look out into the dark night the orc overseer sidle up to he , axe in hand , sweat with exertion . orc overseer the tree be strong , my Lord . they root go deep . saruman rip they all down . camera circle summit : more and more tree be haul down and kill ... as gandalf look on in helpless despair . dissolve to : ext . weatherhills - day wide on : the rugge countryside as the hobbit journey on , lead by strider . strider stop before a distant hill , top by a ancient ruin . strider this be once the great watchtower of amon sdl . we shall rest here tonight . CUT to : ext . weathertop hollow - dusk angle on : frodo , merry , and pippin collapse into a small hollow , halfway up weathertop ... they be muddy and exhaust . angle on : strider drop 4 sword at the hobbit 's foot . ( continued ) 73 . continued : strider ( cont ’d ) this be for you . keep they close . I be go to have a look around . stay here . CUT to : ext . weathertop hollow - night close on : frodo ... eye flicker open . he suddenly sit up , sniff the air . angle on : SAM , merry , and pippin huddle over a small fire sausages and bacon sizzle in a hot fry pan . frodo what be you do ? merry tomato , sausage , and crispy bacon . SAM we save some for you , Mr. frodo . frodo put it out , you fool ! put it out ! pippin oh , that 's nice ... ash on my tomato ! a sudden shriek ! angle on : five ringwraith on foot , run up the steep slope unnaturally fast . frodo go! frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin clamber desperately towards the summit , clutching they sword . CUT to : ext . weathertop summit - night frodo , SAM , merry , and pippin race into a ring of broken stone on the summit on weathertop ... the ruin base of a ancient tower . ( continued ) 74 . continued : the hobbit stand back - to-back in the centre of the ring , wait for the first assault ... angle on : one by one , the 5 ringwraith appear ... brandish gleaming sword , they move slowly towards the hobbit . in the center be they leader ... the witch king ! SAM back , you devil ! angle on : SAM rush forward with a cry . he swing he sword at the witch king , who block the blow with he own sword . SAM 's blade shatter ... the witch king lash out with he fist , send SAM fly . angle on : merry and pippin , overcome with terror , throw themselves flat on the ground . angle on : the ringwraith close in on frodo ... a venomous whisper dance in he head ... angle on : frodo shut he eye and stagger back , desperately resisting the wraith 's whisperings ... slow motion as he hand go into he pocket and pull out the ring . the 5 ringwraith utter a chill screech of excitement . frodo be unable to resist any longer , fall to he knee and slip on the ring . he disappear . SAM ( cont 'd ) no ! in the twilight world : angle on : frodo find himself in the weird twilight world ... he look upon the ringwraith , now visible in they true appearance : five ghoul dress in long grey robe , with white hair , and pallid ruthless face . the witch king extend a haggard hand towards frodo , reach for the ring on he finger . frodo 's tremble hand extend forward , as if by the pull of the ring ... he slide to the ground , unable to pull he hand away . the witch king snarl and spring forward . he stab at frodo with a wick dagger ! frodo wince as the tip of the dagger sink into he shoulder . ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) suddenly , strider charge at the ringwraith , wield he sword in one hand , a flaming torch in the other . he move in slow motion , visible through a sea of mist . frodo sink to the ground . behind he be a faint image of a ringwraith flee , he head engulf in flame . with drain strength , frodo manage to pull the ring off he finger ... in the real world : ... appear back in the real world , SAM rush over to he . SAM ( cont ’d ) ( horrify ) frodo ! another ringwraith be burn and scream ... other screech fearfully at the flame , turn and flee from the weathertop summit . SAM ( cont ’d ) ( panicked ) Mr. frodo !! strider kneel before frodo . he snatch up the witch king 's dagger from the ground , stare gravely at the long , thin , blade . SAM ( cont ’d ) help he , strider ! strider ( grim ) he 's be stab by a morgul blade . the morgul blade suddenly melt ... vanish into the air like smoke . strider throw the hilt down in disgust ... SAM do something . strider this be beyond my skill to heal . ( urgently ) he need elvish medicine . strider lift frodo onto he shoulder . 76 . ext . weatherhills - night strider be jogging grimly , carry a ail frodo on he back . SAM , merry , and pippin be run to keep up . the hobbit be carry flaming torch for protection . strider hurry ! SAM we be six day from rivendell . frodo groan . strider hold on , frodo SAM he x11 never make it ! close on : frodo ... head lolling about , barely conscious . frodo ( fevere call ) gandalf ... gandalf ? ext . isengard - night low angle ... look up at orthanc ... the tower of isengard , gleam in the moonlight . camera rise to reveal the once beautiful garden be now a pitte wasteland ... with smoke and fire billow out of numerous tunnel and vent hole that littler the forecourt of orthanc . strange guttural chant echo up from deep underground . the camera be rising ... a SMALL moth flutter into shot ... and lead the camera towards the summit of orthanc . gandalf lie slump against the wall at the very top of orthanc surround by a sheer 500 foot drop . he look weak and frail and be seemingly asleep . his hand suddenly move at lightning speed and snatch the moth . gandalf bring he hand close to he face and open it . the moth sit on the palm of he hand as gandalf mutter strange word in a foreign tongue . close on : the moth 's face ... seemingly listen . it suddenly flutter away . ( continued ) 77 . continued : camera follows the moth off the orthanc summit , but drop past the moth ... fall down , down , towards the pitte wasteland , straight into a fiery red tunnel ! int . cavern below isengard - night series of shot : the dead tree of isengard be feed into roaring furnace ... molten metal pour into cast ... red hot metal , beat by sweat orc blacksmith ... armor and weapon be forge from the great furnace . angle on : saruman stride among the orc and stand look ona new bear uruk - hai as it escape its birthing membrane ... this be lurtz , who rise up to stand before he master . CUT to : ext . trollshaw forest clearing - night close on : frodo ... he eye flicker open ... cloud , red - rimmed ... he brow , bead with sweat . frodo 's Pov : three large stone trolls sit in the clear . SAM pop he head in front of frodo . SAM look , frodo . it 's Mr. bilbo 's troll . angle on : SAM feel of he skin . SAM Mr. frodo ? he 's go cold ! pippin be he go to die ? frodo 's breathe be get shallow . strider lok out into the darkness . strider he be pass into the shadow World . he x11 soon become a wraith like they . a distant cry of a ringwraith carry through the air . merry ( nervous ) they be close . ( continued ) 78 . continued : frodo gasp in sudden pain . strider ( think hard ) Sam , do you know the athelas plant ? SAM look blank . SAM athelas ? strider kingsfoil . SAM kingsfoil . aye . it 's a weed . strider it may help to slow the poisoning . hurry ! ext . trollshaw forest - night SAM and strider desperately search the dark forest floor for the athelas plant . close on : a small , white flower plant ! strider drop to one knee , carefully pull it from the ground . suddenly ! strider freeze as a sword blade touch he neck . arwen ( 0.s. ) what be this ? a Ranger catch off he guard ? strider slowly look up . CUT to : ext . trollshaw forest clearing - night frodo be breathe hard , desperately ill . frodo 's half -conscious Pov : surreal impression ... a shimmering figure in white leap off a horse . flash insert : a ethereal vision of arwen , as she appear on the other side . ( continued ) continued : angle on : 79 . arwen ( elvish : with subtitles ) frodo , Im arwen ... telin let thaed . I be arwen . I have come here to help you . ( urgent ) lasto beth nin . tolo dan to ngalad . hear my voice . return to the light . pippin who be she ? arwen ( worried ) frodo ? SAM she 's a elf . arwen who now appear in she earth bound form , a young elven woman with tousle hair , dress in mud-splatter riding clothes . arwen he 's fade . he 's not go to last . we must get he to my father . strider quickly lift frodo ... place he on the horse . close on : pippin where be you take he ? arwen I have be look for you for two day . there be five wraith behind you . where the other four be , I do not know . strider ( elvish : with subtitles ) dartho guin berian ... rych le ad tolthathon . stay with the hobbit . I will send horse for you . arwen grab the reins of the horse . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) arwen ( elvish : with subtitles ) hon mabathon . rochon ellint im . I be the faster rider . i’1l take he . strider clamp he hand over arwen 's. strider ( elvish : with subtitles ) andelu i ven . the road be too dangerous . arwen ( elvish : with subtitles ) frodo fir . ae athradon i hir , tur gwaith nin beriatha hon . if I can get across the river , the power of my people will protect he . pippin what be they say ? close on : arwen reach for strider 's hand ... look deep into he eye . arwen I do not fear they . close on : strider ... we see that it be hard for he to let she go . strider ( elvish : with subtitles ) be iest lin . as you wish . angle on : arwen mount she horse , asfaloth ... strider ( cont ’d ) arwen , ride hard . do not look back . angle on : arwen look down at strider as she support frodo with one hand . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 3 ) arwen ( elvish ) noro lim , asfaloth , noro lim ! ride fast , asfaloth , ride fast ! SAM what be you do ? that wraith be still out there ! angle on : asfaloth spring away , bear arwen and frodo into the night . CUT to : ext . trollshaw forest - night speed Pov : through the forest from the back of the white horse . angle on : frodo , bouncing in the saddle , he lift he head weakly . surreal slow motion Pov : the horse 's head bobbing ... tree slide by ... moonlight flicker through the tree . CUT to : ext . aerial of ettenmoors - morning aerial : of arwen 's white horse emerge from the tree ... and gallop across the open land as the sun rise . CUT to : ext . pine forest - day asfaloth charge through a pine forest . suddenly 2 galloping ringwraith emerge from the tree behind ! 2 more ringwraith slide in from different direction to join the chase . arwen grit she tooth ... urge the white horse to great speed . CUT to : 82 . ext . the east road - day the white horse speed out of the pine tree ... the 4 ringwraith close behind . pan onto : 2 more ringwraith gallop down the hillside ! aerial shot : 3 more ringwraith enter frame from different direction ... a total of 9 ringwraith now pursue frodo and arwen ! close on : pant head of the white elven horse . arwen noro lim , asfaloth ! ride faster , asfaloth ! CUT to : ext . ford of bruinen - day crane down : as the white horse race toward camera , to reveal the wide river bruinen in the foreground . without hesitation , the white horse leap into the shallow water and thunder across the Ford . the 9 ringwraith pull up short of the Ford , clearly nervous of the water . the white horse reach the other side ... arwen pull up and turn to defiantly face the ringwraith from across the Ford . witch king give up the halfling , she - elf . she draw she sword and yell at the witch king . arwen if you want he , come and claim he . the witch king screech angrily , draw he sword , and lead the ringwraith across the Ford . the water start flow faster a distant rumble can be hear . arwen wait until they be halfway across : she suddenly stand in the saddle arm raise ! ( continued ) 83 . continued : arwen ( elvish ) nin of chithaeglir , lasto Beth daer : rimmo nin bruinen , dan in ulair ! nin of chithaeglir , lasto beth daer , rimmo nin bruinen , dan in ulair ! Waters of the misty Mountains , listen to the great word : flow water of loudwater , against the ringwraith ! the ground suddenly trembles ... a mighty roar fill the AIR . frodo look up weakly ... to see a vast torrent of water flooding down the river towards the Ford ... as if a dam have burst ! angle on : the foaming water seem to form the shape of dancing white horse with froth mane ! the ringwraith scream in terror as they be swallow up in the deluge . they pierce cry be drown in the roaring of the river as it carry they away ! close on : frodo as he lose consciousness ... arwen ( upset ) no , no ... frodo , no ! frodo , do not give in ... not now ! arwen gather the small hobbit in she arm , feel he life slip away . int . frodo 's delirium - day delirious image and sound ... arwen ( v.0 . ) what grace be give I , let it pass to he . let he be spare . save he . image : a city in the wood ... a brief distort glimpse of elrond - a elven lord - work feverishly to save frodo . ( continued ) 84 . continued : elrond ( elvish ) lasto beth nin . tolo dan to ngalad . hear my voice , come back to the light image : a blade stabbing , over and over ... frodo 's face , bath in firelight ... the eye of sauron loom toward frodo ! frodo gasp at the eye , he face twist with fear ! image : a bright light suddenly flare ... frodo squeeze he eye shut , gasp . frodo ( frighten ) where be I ? a familiar voice cut through the swirl of sound . gandalf ( 0.s. ) you be in the House of elrond , and it be ten o'clock in the morning on October the twenty - fourth , if you want to know . int . frodo 's bedroom - day frodo 's eye flicker OPEN ... he be lie in bed next to a OPEN window ... dapple sunlight play on richly carve timber the sound of a nearby waterfall drift through the vista of fir tree . frodo ( weak relief ) gandalf ! angle on : gandalf be sitting next to frodo 's bed ... softly puffing on he pipe . he smile at frodo . gandalf yes , I be here . and you be lucky to be here too . a few more hour and you would have be beyond we aid . but you have some strength in you , my dear hobbit . frodo sit up , look at gandalf questioningly ... ( continued ) 85 . continued : frodo what happen , gandalf ? why do not you meet we ? gandalf I be sorry , frodo . close on : gandalf ... troubled . his eye drift away . gandalf ( cont ’d ) I be delay . CUT to : ext . orthanc summit - night saruman stand over gandalf , gloat ... saruman a friendship with saruman be not lightly throw aside . with the power of he staff , saruman toss gandalf from one side of orthanc to off the edge of the other side where he hold gandalf , suspend ... as if gandalf be stand on the side of the tower . saruman one ill turn deserve another . it be over . embrace the power of the Ring or embrace you own destruction ! saruman raise gandalf again , then send he crash to the floor . gandalf there be only one Lord of the Ring . only one who can bend it to he will . and he do not share power . suddenly ! gandalf lurch to he foot and throws himself off the tower ! saruman watch gandalf fly away from isengard ... on the back of a giant eagle . saruman ( chill ) so you have choose death . CUT to : 86 . ext . skie over mountain - dawn gwaihir the windlord soar majestically over the mountain , carry gandalf towards the dawn . CUT to : int . frodo 's bedroom , rivendell - day frodo raise himself up and look at gandalf . frodo gandalf ! what be it ? gandalf return he attention to frodo . gandalf nothing , frodo ... angle on : SAM run to frodo 's bedside . he be overjoy to find frodo awake . SAM frodo ! frodo ! bless you , you be awake !! gandalf Sam have hardly leave you side . SAM we be worried about you -- be not we , Mr. gandalf ? gandalf by the skill of Lord elrond , you be beginning to mend . angle on : elrond , lord of the high elve , step up to frodo 's bedside .. he face be neither old nor young , though in it be write the memory of many thing both glad and sorrowful . elrond welcome to rivendell , frodo baggin . frodo sit up , look at elrond with awe . CUT to : 87 . ext . rivendell valley - day wide on : rivendell ... a small cluster of elegant elven building sit in a shangri- la like valley below tower cliff and snow cap mountain . elrond ( v.o. ) you have find you way to the last homely house east of the sea . the elve of imladris have dwelt within this valley for 3,000 year though few of my kin now remain . angle on : frodo look out from he balcony . CUT to : ext . rivendell garden - day frodo and SAM walk together . suddenly , the voice of merry and pippin can be hear as they bound up to frodo and throw they arm around he . merry frodo ! frodo ! SAM look past frodo smile ... a bent figure sit alone ona bench , in the SUN . close on : frodo turn , follow SAM 's gaze ... frodo bilbo ! ext . rivendell terrace - day close on : bilbo baggins ! he break into a broad grin as frodo rush forward to embrace he . bilbo have age significantly since we last see he . bilbo hello , frodo , my lad ! frodo bilbo ! later ... frodo be turn the neatly inscribe title page of a red leather bound journal : ( continued ) 88 . continued : frodo ( cont ’d ) '' there and back again : a hobbit 's Tale '' by bilbo baggin . bilbo smile proudly . he be sit with frodo on a terrace overlook a waterfall . frodo look at page after page of beautiful handwriting , with intricate map and drawing . frodo ( cont ’d ) this be wonderful . bilbo I mean to go back ... wander the path of mirkwood , visit laketown , see the Lonely Mountain again ... but age , it seem , have finally catch up with I . frodo turn a page ... there before he , be a map of the shire . frodo ( quietly ) I miss the shire ... I spend all my childhood pretend I be off somewhere else ... off with you , on one of you adventure ... ( look at bilbo ) but my own adventure turn out to be quite different ... I be not like you , bilbo . bilbo my dear boy . CUT to : ext . rivendell terrace - evening SAM busily try to stuff more and more thing into he already full pack ... pot and pan , blanket , cooking utensil , provision , clothes . SAM now , what have I forget ? pull back to reveal : frodo , hand in he pocket , watch SAM . frodo pack already ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : SAM look up , startle . SAM ( slightly embarrassed ) no harm in be prepare . frodo stroll to the edge of the balcony . frodo I think you want to see the elve , Sam ? SAM I do ... frodo more than anything . SAM I do . it 's just ... we do what gandalf want , do not we ? we get the Ring this far , to rivendell ... and I think ... see as how you be on the mend , we would be off soon . off home . frodo you be right , Sam ... frodo look at SAM ... frodo ( cont ’d ) ... we do what we set out to do . close on : frodo open he hand , the ring sit in he palm . frodo ( cont ’d ) the Ring will be safe in rivendell . I be ready to go home . CUT to : int . elrond 's chamber , rivendell - day gandalf and elrond watch frodo and SAM from elrond 's balcony . elrond his strength return . ( continued ) continued : 90 . gandalf that wound will never fully heal . he will carry it the rest of he life . elrond yet to have come so far still bear the Ring ... the hobbit have show extraordinary resilience to its evil . gandalf it be a burden he should never have have to bear . we can ask no more of frodo . elrond gandalf , the enemy be move . sauron 's force be mass in the East . his Eye be fix on rivendell . and saruman , you tell I , have betrayed we . we list of ally grow thin . gandalf his treachery run deeper than you know . by foul craft , saruman have cross orc with goblin Men ... he 's breeding a army in the cavern of isengard . a army that can move in sunlight and cover great distance at speed . saruman be come for the Ring . elrond turn and walk away ... elrond this evil cannot be conceal by the power of the elve ... we do not have the strength to fight both mordor and isengard ... gandalf ... the Ring can not stay here . gandalf turn and look out the window . angle on : sound of arrival ... gandalf watch as boromir ride through the rivendell gate , follow by legolas and gimli . elrond ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) this peril belong to all Middle - Earth . they must decide now how to end it . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) angle on : elrond approach gandalf . elrond ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) the time of the elve be over . my people be leave this shore . who will you look to when we have go ? the dwarve ? they hide in they mountain seek rich . they care nothing for the trouble of other . gandalf it be in Men that we must place we hope . elrond Men ? Men be weak . the race of Men be fail . the blood of numenor be all but spend , its pride and dignity forget . it be because of Men the Ring survive . flash insert : with the break sword , isildur slice off sauron 's finger . elrond react . elrond ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) I be there , gandalf . I be there three thousand year ago when isildur take the Ring . flash insert : isildur pick up the ring and stare at it , entranced . elrond ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) I be there when the day the strength of Men fail . CUT to : int . crack of doom - day elrond isildur ... hurry ... follow I ! image : elrond lead isildur into the steaming volcano . elrond ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) I lead isildur into the heart of mount doom , where the Ring be forge : the one place it could be destroy . ( continued ) 92 . continued : flash insert : elrond and isildur stand before the fire of mount doom . elrond cast it in the fire ... destroy it ! close on : isildur ... captivate by the ring . isildur no. isildur turn and walk away . elrond isildur !! int . elrond 's chamber , rivendell - day angle on : elrond turn to gandalf . elrond it should have end that day , but evil be allow to endure . isildur keep the Ring ... and the line of king be break . there 's no strength leave in the world of Men . they be scattered , divide , leaderless . gandalf there be one who could unite they , one who could reclaim the throne of gondor . elrond he turn from that path a long time ago . he have choose exile . CUT to : int . elrond 's chamber , rivendell - night angle on : strider watch from the shadow ... as boromir stroll through the darken gallery . boromir 's eye be draw to a old fresco on the wall ... depict isildur defeat sauron . boromir turn suddenly and notice strider , look at he . he look strider up and down , confuse for a moment . ( continued ) 93 . continued : boromir you be no elf . strider Men of the South be welcome here . boromir who be you ? strider I be a friend to gandalf the grey . boromir nod , understanding strider 's vagueness . boromir then we be here on common purpose friend . boromir smile uncomfortably . strider only look at he silently . boromir look with wonderment at narsil , the broken blade of elendil , which lie on a cloth - cover plinth . boromir ( cont ’d ) ( quiet awe ) the shard of narsil ... the blade that cut the Ring from sauron 's hand . boromir pick up the sword and gently touch the blade . close on : a small bloom of blood appear on boromir 's finger ... boromir ( cont ’d ) still sharp . he slowly look over to strider , as if sense a connection . boromir ( cont ’d ) but no more than a break heirloom . boromir replace the blade , but it clatter to the floor . boromir walk away , leave strider sit alone . close on : strider pick up the break hilt , as arwen appear behind he . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) arwen why do you fear the past ? you be isildur 's heir , not isildur himself . you be not bound to he fate . strider the same blood flow in my vein the same weakness ... arwen you time will come . you will face the same evil . and you will defeat it . ( elvish : with subtitles ) a si i- dhuath u-orthor , aragorn . U or le a G or nin . the shadow do not hold sway yet not over you and not over I . CUT to : ext . rivendell valley - night night fall upon the beautiful valley of rivendell ... still and quiet . ext . rivendell waterfall - night strider and arwen stand together upon a stone bridge ... the evenstar at arwen 's breast shine in the moonlight . arwen ( elvish : with subtitles ) renech i lu i erui govan ? do you remember when we first meet ? strider ( elvish : with subtitles ) nauthannem i ned ol reniannen . I think I have stray into a dream . arwen reach up and gently touch the grey at strider 's temple . ( continued ) 95 . continued : arwen ( elvish : with subtitles ) gwenwin in enninath . u-arnech in naeth i si celich . Long year have pass . you do not have the care you carry now . arwen look into strider 's eye . arwen ( elvish : with subtitles ) renech i beth i pennen ? do you remember what I tell you ? arwen reach for strider 's hand ... strider ( quietly ) you say you would bind yourself to I , and forsake immortal life of you people . arwen ( whisper ) and to that I hold . I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the Ages of this world alone . close on : strider look down . in he hand lie the evenstar . arwen ( cont 'd ) I choose a mortal life . strider you can not give I this . arwen it be mine to give to whom I will , like my heart . arwen close strider 's finger around the jewel . arwen lean towards strider , gently kissing he . 96 . int . council chamber , rivendell - day image from the prologue : the ring be give to the elve , dwarve , and men . elrond ( v.o. ) Three ring for the elven-king under the sky , Seven for the dwarf -lord in they hall of stone , nine for mortal Men doom to die , one for the Dark Lord on he dark throne in the land of mordor where the shadows lie . one Ring to rule they all . one Ring to find they , one Ring to bring they all together and in the darkness bind they , in the land of mordor where the shadows lie . close on : frodo open he hand ... the ring lie in he palm . he look up . angle on : elrond address the council ... elrond stranger from distant land friend of old . you have be summon here to answer the threat of mordor . Middle - Earth stand upon the brink of destruction . none can escape it . you will unite ... or you will fall . each race be bound to this fate ... this one doom ... frodo sit amongst a council of free - peoples of Middle earth , elrond stand before they , address gandalf , strider , legolas , and 20 other elve , dwarve , and men . elrond ( cont ’d ) bring forth the Ring , frodo . angle on : frodo step forward and move towards a stone plinth . he place the ring on the plinth and return to he seat . boromir ( shocked ) so it be true ! ( continued ) 97 . continued : legolas ( disbelief ) sauron 's Ring ! the Ring of power ! gimli ( grim ) the doom of man ! on the soundtrack : the hum of the ring sound . angle on : several member of the council take notice . boromir stand and begin to approach the ring , as if draw to it . boromir in a dream , I see the eastern sky grow dark , but in the West a pale light lingered . a voice be cry : '' you doom be near at hand . isildur 's bane be find . '' angle on : elrond and gandalf exchange glance . boromir reach for the ring . boromir isildur 's bane . elrond ( stand ) boromir ! angle on : gandalf stand and speak in the black tongue . on the soundtrack : the ring respond to gandalf . angle on : boromir stagger back to he chair ... the sky darken ... thunder roll ... the ground tremble ... gandalf ( Black speech ) ash nazg durbatuldk ash nazg gimbatul , ash nazg thrakatuldk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul . one Ring to rule they all , one Ring to find they , one Ring to bring they all and in the darkness bind they . ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) nature return to normal . elrond look to gandalf . elrond ( sternly ) never before have any voice uttere the word of that tongue here in imladris . gandalf I do not ask you pardon , master elrond , for the Black speech of mordor may yet be hear in every corner of the West ! the Ring be altogether evil . angle on : gandalf return to he seat . angle on : boromir shake he head . he stand again to make he case to the council . boromir it be a gift ... a gift to the foe of mordor ! why not use this Ring ? Long have my father , the steward of gondor , keep the force of mordor at bay ... by the blood of we people be you land keep safe . give gondor the weapon of the enemy ... let we use it against he ! strider you can not wield it . none of we can . the one Ring answer to sauron alone . it have no other master . angle on : boromir turn and look at strider , coolly . boromir and what would a Ranger know of this matter ? strider say nothing and boromir turn away dismissively . angle on : legolas stand ... legolas this be no mere Ranger . he be aragorn , son of arathorn . you owe he you allegiance . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 3 ) angle on : frodo look at strider questioningly ... boromir turn sharply . boromir ( quiet disbelief ) aragorn ? this be isildur 's heir ? legolas and heir to the throne of gondor . strider ( elvish : with subtitles ) havo dad , legolas ... sit down , legolas ... boromir gondor have no king . gandalf aragorn be right ... we can not use it . elrond you have only one choice ... the Ring must be destroy . on the soundtrack : the hum of the ring seem to grow louder in frodo 's ear . angle on : gimli suddenly stand , excited . gimli then ... what be we wait for ? gimli suddenly rush forward ! he swing he axe down on the ring . the axe shatter with a deafen crack ! gimli fall backwards stare in disbelief at the ring ... unharme ! angle on : frodo wince as a angry image of the fiery eye hit he ! he slump in he chair , clutching he forehead . gandalf look at he with concern . elrond the Ring can not be destroy , gimli , son of gldéin , by any craft that we here possess . the Ring be make in the fire of mount doom ... only there can it be unmade . ( more ) ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 4 ) elrond ( cont ’d ) it must be take deep into mordor , and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it come . one of you must do this . stunned silence ... the council sit with downcast eye , as if a great dread have descend upon they . boromir address the council in a quiet voice . boromir one do not simply walk into mordor . its Black Gates be guard by more than just orc . there be evil there that do not sleep and the great Eye be ever watchful . it be a barren wasteland riddled with fire , and ash and dust ... the very air you breathe be a poisonous fume . not with ten thousand Men could you do this . it be folly . legolas have you hear nothing Lord elrond have say ? the Ring must be destroy . gimli and I suppose you think you be the one to do it ? boromir and what if we fail , what then ? what happen when sauron take back what be he ? gimli leap to he foot ! gimli I will be dead before I see the Ring in the hand of a elf ! a STORM of argument erupt around the room . close on : frodo ... sound disappear as he watch in slow motion ... the angry face , the shaking fist , the accusatory finger , he eye move to the ring ... the hum grow louder in he head . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 5 ) gimli ( cont ’d ) ( shouting ) never trust a elf ! close on : the ring fill the screen ... stream of blood flow across the surface ... flame flicker within the gold band . gandalf do you not understand ? while we bicker amongst ourselves , sauron 's power grow ! no one will escape it . you will all be destroy , with you home burnt and you family put to the sword ! close on : frodo ... breathe rapidly , caught in the grip of he hideous vision . with a huge effort of will , frodo tear he gaze upon the ring . angle on : frodo suddenly stand ... he speak in a strong , clear voice . frodo I will take it ... I will take it I will take the Ring to mordor . sudden silence ... frodo look around the room at the astonished face . frodo ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) though I do not know the way . angle on : gandalf rise to he foot . gandalf I will help you bear this burden , frodo baggin , as long as it be yours to bear . aragorn if by my life or death I can protect you , I will . ( kneel before frodo ) ... you have my sword . aragorn step forward ... follow by legolas and gimli . legolas and you have my bow . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 6 ) gimli and my axe . angle on : boromir look at they all and then walk to frodo . boromir you carry the fate of we all , little one . boromir look towards elrond and gandalf . boromir ( cont ’d ) if this be indeed the will of the Council , then gondor will see it do . angle on : frodo stare in wonder as the greatest fighter in all Middle earth stand at he side . SAM ( unseen ) here ! a sudden noise ... SAM pop up from behind a BUSH ! SAM Mr. frodo 's not go anywhere without I . elrond no , indeed ... it be hardly possible to separate you ... even when he be summon to a secret Council and you be not . angle on : merry and pippin jump up from behind another bush ! merry oi ! we be come too ! you would have to send we home tie up in a sack to stop we . pippin anyway ... you need people of intelligence on this sort of mission ... quest thing ... merry well , that rule you out , pip . ( continued ) continued : ( 7 ) elrond survey the group . elrond ( thoughtfully ) nine companion ... so be it . ( announce ) you shall be the fellowship of the ring . pippin great . where be we go ? ext . gilraen 's memorial , rivendell - dawn 103 . CUT to : close on : a hand gently and reverently remove debris from the base and form of a statue angle on : the statue of gilraen 's hand be fold before she , and she head be hood . angle on : aragorn stand back and gaze into she sad face . elrond ( 0.s. ) ( elvish ; with subtitles ) anirne hene beriad i chen in . ned imladris nauthant e le beriathar aen . she want to protect she child . she think that in rivendell you would be safe . angle on : elrond approach aragorn . angle on : aragorn pay little attention to elrond . the face of he mother 's statue . angle on : elrond approach from behind aragorn . elrond in she heart , you mother know you have be hunt all you life . that you have never escape you fate . the skill of the elve can reforge the sword of king , but only you have the power to wield it . he caress ( continued ) 104 . continued : close on : aragorn turn to he . aragorn I do not want that power . I have never want it . elrond you be the last of that bloodline . there be no other . angle on : aragorn stand silently and continue look upon the statue . int . frodo 's bedroom , rivendell - dawn close on : a old sword slide out of a shabby leather scabbard ... its polished , well tender blade glitter cold and bright . bilbo my old sword '' sting '' ... here , take it ! bilbo offer sting to frodo . frodo it 's so light ! bilbo yes , yes , make by the elve , you know . the blade glow blue when orc be close ... and it 's time like that , my lad , when you have to be extra careful . bilbo unwrap a SMALL shirt of close woven mail . bilbo here 's a pretty thing . mithril , as light as a feather , and as hard as dragon scale . let I see you put it on . come on . close on : frodo peel off he shirt ... revealing the ring on the chain around he neck . bilbo ( cont ’d ) ( entrance ) oh ! my old Ring ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : frodo frown as bilbo move toward he . bilbo ( cont ’d ) I should very much like to hold it again , one last time . bilbo reach forward , eye lock on the ring . angle on : suddenly ! a shadow pass across bilbo ... for a split second he become a wrinkle creature with a hungry face and bony , groping hand . angle on : frodo pull away , shocked ... angle on : the shadow pass ... bilbo slump into a chair , he head in he hand . bilbo falter ... he eye fill with tear . bilbo ( cont ’d ) oh ! ( sad ) I be sorry , that I bring this upon you , my boy . I be sorry that you must carry this burden . I be sorry for everything . bilbo sob and frodo move to comfort he . CUT to : ext . rivendell terrace - day angle on : elrond and frodo walk towards the rest of the fellowship wait at the Gate of rivendell . elrond the time have come for the Ring to set out . you can not count on you journey be aid by war or force . you will pass into the domain of the enemy far from aid . do you still hold to you word frodo , that you will be the ring-bearer ? frodo I do . I must . I will go with Sam . ( continued ) 106 . continued : elrond then I can not help you much , not even with counsel . I can foresee very little of you road ; and how you task be to be achieve Mountains , and draw nigh even to the border of the greyflood ; and under the shadow all be dark to I . you will meet many foe , some open , and some disguise ; and you may find friend upon you way when you least look for it . I will send out message , such as I can contrive , to that whom I know in the wide world ; but so perilous have the land now become that some may well miscarry , or come no quick than you yourself . have I a host of elve in armor of the elder day , it would avail little , save to arouse the power of mordor . be you confident in you companion ? frodo yes , Lord elrond . I must be , I be afraid , for if I doubt they , we may never succeed . elrond and what of you hobbit friend ? I have hope to send they back to the shire as messenger to warn the people of the impending danger accord to the fashion of you country . I feel that the youngest , peregrin take , should not go with you . my heart be against it . frodo his heart be set upon go . there will be no stop he , even if you do send he home in a sack . elrond let it be so then . the Fellowship await . wide on : elrond and frodo turn a corner and descend to the fellowship , now wait by the gate . 107 . ext . rivendell gate - day angle on : frodo join the fellowship , ready to depart . they be set to go on foot with only SAM 's pony , bill , to carry much of they baggage . angle on : elrond stand with the elve , address they only hope of success . elrond the ring-bearer be set out on the quest of mount doom . on you who travel with he , no oath nor bond be laid to go further that you will . farewell . hold to you purpose . May the bless of elve and Men and all free folk go with you . gandalf the Fellowship await the ring-bearer . angle on : frodo slowly turn to the fellowship and timidly make he way to the head of the group . frodo 's Pov : the face of that who vow to follow he watch as he make he way to lead the fellowship . angle on : frodo lead the fellowship out of rivendell . he turn to gandalf . frodo mordor , gandalf , be it leave or right ? angle on : gandalf continue look ahead . gandalf Left . angle on : gandalf place he hand on frodo 's leave shoulder . the fellowship follow frodo into the Middle - Earth . angle on : aragorn turn to bid a silent farewell . angle on : arwen stand in a group of elve , watch he . angle on : he nod to she and follow the fellowship out . ext . rivendell valley - morning 108 . angle on : the fellowship climb the long steep path out of the cloven vale of rivendell . ext . rough country , south of rivendell - day CUT to : angle on : the fellowship trekk through a land of deep valley and turbulent water ... the misty mountain rise sharply to they leave . gandalf ( v.o. ) we must hold to this course , west of the misty Mountains , for forty day . if we luck hold , the gap of rohan will still be open to we . from there , we road turn east , to mordor . ext . eregion hill - dawn CUT to : close on : SAM at the campfire . the SOUND of clashing sword ! wider : aragorn and boromir be give pippin sword tuition ... boromir get away from the blade , pippin ... on you toe ... good , very good ... I want you to react , not think . SAM should not be too hard ... boromir move you foot . merry quite good , pippin . pippin thanks . close on : gimli have manage to corner gandalf ... ( continued ) 109 . continued : gimli if anyone be to ask for my opinion , which I note they have not , I would say we be take the long way round . gandalf , we can pass through the mine of moria . my cousin , balin , would give we a royal welcome . angle on : gandalf clearly think this be a bad idea . gandalf no , gimli . I would not take the road through moria unless I have no other choice . angle on : boromir thrust , catch pippin on the hand . pippin throw down he sword , kick and lunge at boromir , tackle he of the ground . much laughter . angle on : legolas 's eye be fix on a distant dark patch which dart about in the sky , like fly smoke in the wind . SAM what be that ? gimli nothing ... it 's just a wisp of cloud . boromir ( worried ) it 's move fast ... against the wind . legolas crebain from dunland ! aragorn ( urgently ) hide ! boromir merry ... pippin ... Sam ... take cover ! wide on : the fellowship scramble under what little cover there be ... as a regiment of large crow fly overhead at great speed , wheeling and circle above . as they dark shadow pass over the fellowship a single harsh croak be hear ... and the crow suddenly wheel away , back towards the south . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 2 ) angle on : gandalf stagger to he foot . gandalf spy of saruman . the passage south be be watch . gandalf look at aragorn , turn to the other ... gesture towards a high mountain pass . gandalf ( cont ’d ) we must take the pass of caradhras ! CUT to : ext . snowy mountainside - day angle on : the fellowship clamber through rock and snow . close on : frodo slip on some shale ... as he scramble to he foot , the ring fall on the ground . close on : the ring gleam in the snow ! boromir 's hand pick it up by the chain . angle on : he stand , the ring dangle before he eye . he seem to grow in stature , as if absorb its power . angle on : aragorn warily approach boromir . angle on : boromir be motionless ... he stare at the ring , as if transfix . aragorn boromir ? boromir it be a strange fate that we should suffer so much fear and doubt over so small a thing ... such a little thing . aragorn ( quietly ) boromir ... give the Ring to frodo . close on : aragorn 's hand move to he sword hilt . ring 's Pov : look at boromir 's face . ( continued ) 111 . continued : on the soundtrack : the strange hum vibrate . close on : a weird beatific smile light up on boromir 's face . the hum grow to a deafen roar ! boromir suddenly snap out of he trance and hand the ring to frodo . boromir ( lightly ) as you wish . I care not . boromir smile at frodo , ruffling he hair . close on : aragorn unhand he sword . CUT to : ext . isengard - day follow the crow as they race deeper and deeper , pass a vista of industry , hundred of orc and writhe birthsacks ... fly past saruman , who stand upon a wooden gantry . close on : saruman , listen to the cry of the crow . saruman so , gandalf ... you try to lead they over caradhras . and if that fail where then will you go ? insert image : the fellowship struggle through the snow on caradhras . saruman ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) if the mountain defeat you , will you risk a more dangerous road ? CUT to : ext . pass of caradhras - day the fellowship be struggle through a blind blizzard , up towards the pass of caradhras . angle on : legolas the elf move lightly across the top of the snow ... he suddenly pause . saruman 's voice sweep by on the wind . ( continued ) 112 . continued : saruman ( v.o. ) ( chant ; subtitle ) cuiva nwalca carnirasse ; nai yarvaxea rassely a ! wake up cruel redhorn ! May you horn be bloodstain ! legolas ( urgent ) there be a fall voice on the air . gandalf it 's saruman ! thunder rumble ... rock and shale fall from above . aragorn ( urgently ) he 's try to bring down the mountain . gandalf ! we must turn back ! gandalf no ! gandalf raise he staff ... he chant into the wind . gandalf ( yell ) losto caradhras , sedho , hodo , nuitho i ruith . sleep , caradhras , be still , lie still , hold you wrath . CUT to : ext . isengard - day camera sweep past saruman ... he stand on the pinnacle of orthanc , chanting . saruman cuiva nwalca carnirasse ; nai yarvaxea rasselya ; taltuva notto-carinnar ! wake up cruel redhorn ! May you bloodstain horn fall upon enemy head ! ( continued ) 113 . continued : cloud be flowing from all direction ... converge on the distant mountain in a stormy maelstrom . ext . pass of caradhras - day saruman 's voice strengthen ... roll past the fellowship like thunder . a lightning crack explode on the mountainside above they . angle on : frodo look up in horror as a huge snow avalanche thunder down towards they ! angle on : legolas pull gandalf to safety . aragorn shield frodo and SAM as snow pile around they . within moment , the pass be block and the fellowship be envelop in snow . boromir and aragorn frantically dig for the hobbit ... who be pull out shivering and fearful . boromir ( urgent ) we must get off the mountain ! make for the gap of rohan and take the West road to my city ! aragorn the gap of rohan take we too close to isengard . gimli we can not pass over a mountain . let we go under it . let we go through the mine of moria . angle on : gandalf have a concerned look on he face . saruman ( v.o. ) moria . you fear to go into that mine , do not you ? the dwarve delve too greedily and too deep . int . orthanc ante - chamber - day angle on : saruman sit in orthanc review a ancient text . close on : the book show the door to moria . saruman ( cont ’d ) you know what they awoke in the darkness of khazad-daim . shadow and flame . ( continued ) 114 . continued : close on : a image of a fearful creature . wreathed in flame . CUT to : ext . pass of caradhras - day gandalf let the ring-bearer decide . close on : frodo , the weight of the decision weigh heavily upon he . close on : merry and pippin shiver in boromir 's arm . gandalf ( cont ’d ) frodo ? frodo meet gandalf 's eye . frodo we will go through the mine . gandalf slowly nod . gandalf so be it . CUT to : ext . west base of the misty mountain - dusk wide on : the fellowship make they way in the shadow of the ruin of a great aqueduct in the mist and ice of the mountain . angle on : gandalf beckon to frodo . gandalf frodo , come and help a old man . angle on : frodo come forward and allow gandalf to lean on he . gandalf how be you shoulder ? frodo better than it be . gandalf stop . ( continued ) 115 . continued : gandalf and the Ring ? you feel its power grow , do not you ? I have feel it too . you must be careful now . evil will be draw to you from outside the Fellowship . and , I fear , from within . angle on : boromir pass they . they glance at he . frodo ( subdued ) who then do I trust ? gandalf you must trust yourself . trust you own strength . frodo what do you mean ? gandalf there be many power in this world for good or for evil . some be great than I be . and against some I have not yet be test . close on : gimli come to the top of the path and look in wonder . gimli ( in awe ) the wall of moria ! wide on : the fellowship stand before a loom cliff cut into a sheer formation . ext . moria gate - night foot be treacherous on the narrow strip of green and greasy stone . angle on : gimli tap the wall with he axe , listen . gandalf do the same with he staff . gimli dwarf door be invisible when close . ( continued ) 116 . continued : gandalf yes , gimli , they own master cannot find they if they secret be forget . legolas why do not that surprise I ? close on : gimli sniff with disgust at the comment . angle on : gandalf approach the smooth rock wall between two twisted , gnarle tree ... slowly , faint line appear like slender vein of luminous silver run through the stone . gandalf isildin ... it mirror only starlight and moonlight . angle on : a large moon rise over the mountain . angle on : the line on the wall grow broader and clearer , form a glow arch of interlace ancient letter and symbol . gandalf ( cont ’d ) it read , '' the door of durin , Lord of moria . speak , friend , and enter . '' merry what do you suppose that mean ? gandalf ( confident ) it 's simple . if you be a friend , you speak the password and the door will open . gandalf raise he arm ... gandalf ( cont ’d ) ( incant ) annon edhellen , edro hi ammen ! Gate of the elve , open now for I ! the cliff tower into the night , the wind blow cold , frodo shiver ... and the door stand fast . undaunted , gandalf raise he arm again ... ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 2 ) gandalf fennas nogothrim , lasto beth lam . doorway of the dwarf -folk , listen to the word of my tongue . pippin nothing 's happen . angle on : gandalf glance at he , annoyed . he begin to push on the door , but they remain fast . gandalf I once know every spell in all the tongue of elve , Men , and orc . pippin what be you go to do , then ? gandalf ( angrily ) knock you head against this door , peregrin take ! and if that do not shatter they , and I be allow a little peace from foolish question , I will try to find the open word . later : gandalf continue ... mumbling spell in he effort to open the door . gandalf ( wearily ) ando eldarinwa ... a lasta quettanya , fenda casarinwa ... Gate of elve ... listen to my word , threshold of dwarve ... angle on : SAM pack pot and pan at he foot ... watch sadly as aragorn unsaddle bill the pony . close on : aragorn whisper to bill the pony . ( continued ) 118 . continued : aragorn ( whisper ) mine be no place for a pony , even one so brave as Bill . SAM bye , Bill . aragorn go on , Bill , go on ... do not worry , Sam ... he know he way home . aragorn slap bill on the rump ... bill go trot off . close on : SAM watch bill disappear into the darkness . splash ! merry and pippin be toss stone into the lake . black rippling ring slowly fan out . pippin be about to throw another stone , but aragorn grab he arm . aragorn ( ominous ) do not disturb the water . aragorn watch anxiously as the ripples appear to grow ... he exchange a look with boromir . aragorn 's hand creep towards he sword . angle on : gandalf give up in despair ... he sit down beside frodo . close on : frodo peer at the elvish inscription ... he face break into a smile of comprehension . frodo ( quietly ) it 's a riddle ... gandalf raise he eyebrow ... frodo speak , friend , and enter . what 's the elvish word for friend ? gandalf oh .... mellon . ( continued ) 119 . continued : ( 2 ) with that , the rock face silently divide in the middle and two great door swing outward ... revealing a blackness deeper than night . as the fellowship enter the blackness something in the water stir ... int . moria gate - night the fellowship step warily into the darkness of moria ... a dank cavern , with wind step lead deeper into the mountain . gimli soon , master elf , you will enjoy the fable hospitality of the dwarve ; roaring fire , malt beer , red meat off the bone ! this , my friend , be the home of my cousin balin ... and they call this a mine . ( snort ) a mine ! angle on : a glow from gandalf staff suddenly light the chamber ... the fellowship recoil in horror ! many dwarf skeleton be strewn about , clearly in the dead of some old battle ... the rusting armor and shield be pepper with arrow and axe boromir ( grimly ) this be no mine ... it 's a tomb ! gimli ( in horror ) oh ... no ... no ... no ...! legolas pull a crude arrow out of a skeleton . legolas goblin . the fellowship draw sword and back away , towards the entrance . boromir we make for the gap of rohan . we should never have come here . ext . moria gate - night angle on : frodo be suddenly pulled to the ground ! a long sinuous tentacle be wrap around frodo 's ankle and be drag he towards the lake ! ( continued ) 120 . continued : frodo cry out as aragorn and boromir rush forward ! aragorn sever the tentacle hold frodo , and pull he to safety ... boromir hack at the other writhing limb , 20 more tentacles ripple out of the lake ! the dark water boil as the hideous beast lash out at the fellowship ! again the creature grab frodo and pull he to the lake . frodo be flung in the air as the fellowship battle the creature . aragorn hack at a tentacle ... frodo be release , fall into boromir 's arm . gandalf into the mine ! boromir legolas ! legolas shoot a arrow into the creature 's head , gain a few vital second for aragorn and boromir as they race out of the water with frodo . the fellowship hurriedly back away from the creature ... retreate into the moria chamber as many coiling arm seize the large door . int . moria gate - night with a shatter echo , the creature rip the door away , create a rock slide that crash down the cliff face . within second , ton of rock seal the doorway ... throw the fellowship into pitch blackness . angle on : a faint light rise from gandalf 's staff , throw a creepy glow across the old wizard 's face . gandalf ( ominous ) now we have but one choice ... we must face the long dark of moria . be on you guard ... there be older and fouler thing than the orc in the deep place of the world . CUT to : int . new chamber , moria - night wide on : the fellowship crossing a precarious bridge above deep mine working . ( continued ) 121 . continued : gandalf quietly , now . it 's a four day journey to the other side . let we hope that we presence will go unnotice . int . moria mithril mine - night angle on : the fellowship enter a chamber with old rope and ancient ladder . angle on : gandalf touch a shine substance on the wall . gandalf the wealth of moria be not in gold or jewel but mithril . gandalf hold he staff over the expansive drop beside they . the fellowship look down . angle on : the endless depth of the mine . a faint , blue glow issue from its depth . it look all but abandon . the fellowship continue onward . gandalf bilbo have a shirt of mithril ring that thorin give he . gimli oh , that be a kingly gift . gandalf yes . I never tell he , but its worth be great than the value of the shire . close on : frodo 's eye widen . CUT to : int . moria cemetery cavern - night they continue up a steep stair , pass through a dwarf cemetery . the grave be despoil ... dwarf skeleton be strewn about and goblin graffiti be scrawle on monument in dried dwarf blood . the atmosphere be very sinister . CUT to : 122 . int . moria tunnel fork - night the path split into three passage ... each disappear into dark tunnel . gandalf pause , frown . gandalf I have no memory of this place . later ... the fellowship be nervously wait ... while gandalf sit , stare intently at the 3 tunnel mouth in front of he . he appear to be in some kind of trance . close on : frodo turn at the sound of a faint noise down the tunnel behind they . pippin be we lose ? merry no . I do not think we be . shhh , gandalf 's think . pippin merry ! merry what ? pippin I be hungry . frodo 's Pov : a sudden glimpse of a creature darting in the darkness . frodo be nervous ... he approach gandalf . frodo ( whisper ) there 's something down there . gandalf ( quietly ) it 's gollum . frodo gollum ! gandalf he 's be follow we for three day . ( continued ) 123 . continued : teasing shot : a emaciate , leer creature . frodo ( disbely ) he escape from the dungeon of barad -dar ? gandalf escape ... or be set loose . and now the Ring have draw he here ... he will never be rid of he need for it . he hate and love the Ring , as he hate and love himself . sméagol 's life be a sad story . gandalf catch frodo 's look of surprise . gandalf ( cont ’d ) yes ... sméagol he be once call before the Ring come to he , before it drive he mad . gollum 's withere finger be grip the cave wall ... he large luminous eye blink with malice . frodo ( grim ) it 's a pity bilbo do not kill he when he have the chance . gandalf pity ? it be pity that stay bilbo 's hand . many that live deserve death , and some that die deserve life . can you give it to they , frodo ? frodo frown . gandalf ( cont ’d ) do not be too eager to deal out death in judgment ... even the very wise can not see all end . my heart tell I that gollum have some part to play yet , for good or ill before this be over . the pity of bilbo may rule the fate of many . frodo I wish the Ring have never come to I I wish none of this have happen . ( continued ) 124 , continued : ( 2 ) gandalf so do all who live to see such time , but that be not for they to decide . all we have to decide be what to do with the time that be give to we . there be a note of finality in gandalf 's voice . gandalf ( cont ’d ) there be other force at work in this world , frodo , besides the will of evil . bilbo be mean to find the Ring . in which case , you also be mean to have it ... and that be a encourage think . ( sudden brightness ) ah ! it 's that way . gandalf point at the right hand tunnel ... the fellowship scramble to they foot . merry ( relieved ) he 's remember ! gandalf no . but the air do not smell so foul down here . if in doubt , meriadoc , always follow you nose ! ( laugh ) yes ... int . dwarrowdelf chamber , moria - day the fellowship pass under a arched doorway into a black and empty space . gandalf pause ... gandalf let I risk a little more light . gandalf tap he staff ... for a brief moment a light blaze like a silent flash of lightning . great shadow spring up and flee ... gandalf behold ! the great realm and dwarf-city of dwarrowdelf . ( continued ) 125 . continued : angle on : frodo gasp at the brief sight of a roof , far above they head , upheld by many mighty pillar of stone . before they stretch a huge empty hall , with black wall , polished and smooth as glass . SAM well , there 's a eye opener and no mistake ! ahead of they , a wooden door have be smashed . black arrow be embed in the timber . two goblin skeleton lie in the doorway . gimli rush ahead ... gandalf gimli ! ! CUT to : int . balin 's tomb , moria - day gimli rush into another vast empty chamber ... light with a narrow shaft of sunlight , beam in from a small hole near the roof . dwarf and goblin skeleton be pile high . in the far corner sit a stone wall well . a shaft of light fall directly onto a stone table in the middle of the room : a single oblong block , about 4 foot high , top with a great slab of white stone . gimli fall to he knee ... gimli no...no ...oh , no ! gimli sob . gandalf quietly read a inscription of rune , carve onto the white stone slab . gandalf '' here lie balin , son of fundin , Lord of moria . '' he be dead , then . it 's as I fear . gimli ( chant softly , sobbing ) kilmin malur no zaram kalil rarr narag . khele -zaram ... balin tazlifi . ( continued ) 126 . continued : gandalf carefully lift the rotting remain of a book from the white stone slab . it have be slashed and stab ... and appear to be cover in dried blood . the page crack and break as he open it . legolas ( urgent whisper to aragorn ) we must move on . we can not linger . gandalf ( read ) '' they have take the Bridge and the second hall : we have bar the gate ... but can not hold they for long ... the ground shake ... drum drum in the deep ... we can not get out . a shadow move in the dark . will no - one save we ? they be come . '' angle on : unnerve , pippin back away nervously ... he stumble against the well , send a precariously balanced armore skeleton tumble in ! merry reach out , grabbing hold of pippin before he fall . the fellowship freeze in stunne silence as the armored skeleton clatter down the deep well ... echoing loudly ! angle on : gandalf turn angrily on pippin . gandalf ( angrily ) fool of a take ! throw yourself in next time , and rid we of you stupidity ! angle on : pippin , chastened . they fall silent . a low roll boom rise from the depth below grow louder ... boom ... boom ... as if the cavern of moria be turn into a vast drum . a great horn blast nearby . answering horn ... run foot ... harsh cry close on : SAM 's eye glance at frodo 's belt ... SAM ( worried ) Mr. frodo ! ( continued ) 127 . continued : ( 2 ) angle on : frodo look down . a cold blue glow be emanate from sting 's scabbard ! frodo draw the sword ... and stare at its glow blade ! legolas orc ! aragorn ( to the hobbit ) get back ! stay close to gandalf . aragorn and boromir slam and wedge the door . boromir catch sight of something ; he turn to aragorn with shock in he eye . boromir they have a cave-troll ! angle on : gimli snatch up two rusty dwarf axe and leap onto the tomb . gimli ( yell ) let they come ! there be one dwarf yet in moria who still draw breath ! boom ! the door burst open in a shower of wood fragment , and 20 goblins charge into the tomb , follow by a hugh cave troll ! angle on : gimli duck a blow and immediately bury he axe in 2 goblin helmet . aragorn and boromir wade into the mass of goblins with they sword . legolas fire deadly arrow into goblin throat , desperately try to shield the hobbit ! gandalf be clutching he sword , glamdring , and join in the battle ! angle on : the cave troll be sweeping he club at aragorn who stumble backwards ... the huge club descend for the kill blow ... suddenly , in a flash of steel , boromir 's long sword slice into the scaly arm of the troll ; it rear back , spewing GREEN blood ! angle on : SAM be back up against a wall .. a sword in one hand , a saucepan in the other . in desperation he swing wildly at a goblin with the saucepan ! it keel over ... SAM look surprised . he wallop another goblin and it too , drop . SAM I think I be get the hang of this . ( continued ) 128 . continued : ( 3 ) angle on : the cave troll lunge forward , thrust at frodo 's chest with he spear . frodo aragorn ! aragorn ! SAM scream as frodo be lift off he foot by the spear tip and slam against the wall . aragorn ( shocked yell ) frodo ! angle on : the hobbit go crazy . SAM slashes at the cave troll 's knee , bring he down ... merry and pippin jump on he ... legolas fire a arrow ... and the cave troll topple , dead . angle on : aragorn rush to frodo 's side as he slump to the floor ... frodo appear to be dead . close on : gandalf , aragorn , hobbit look horrify ... suddenly , frodo cough ... take a huge breath . SAM he 's alive . frodo I be all right . I be not hurt . aragorn you should be dead . that spear would have skewer a wild boar . gandalf I think there 's more to this hobbit than meet the eye . angle on : frodo open he shirt to reveal the mithril vest . the troll spear do not pierce the mithril . gimli mithril ! you be full of surprise , master baggin . boom . boom . boom . the sound of the drum ring out again ! gandalf turn to the other . ( continued ) 129 . continued : ( 4 ) gandalf to the bridge of khazad - ddm ! CUT to : int . dwarrowdelf chamber , moria - day gandalf lead the fellowship into the huge dwarrowdelf chamber . gandalf this way ! they hurry towards a distant door ... as goblins start scuttling down the pillar behind they , like cockroach ! angle on : frodo look with horror at the overwhelming goblin army that 's rush towards they ! suddenly ! a deafen roar fill the air ! a fiery light dance down the hallway ... the pillar casting eerie shadow . angle on : the goblins freeze . they back fearfully away from the approach beast ... melting into the darkness . boromir what be this new devilry ? a huge shadow , surround by flame , fall across the hall the ground shake ... a unearthly sound rumble . gandalf ( quietly ) a balrog ... a demon of the ancient world ! this foe be beyond any of you ! ( urgent yell ) run! quickly ! CUT to : int . stairway of khazad - dom , moria - day the balrog , a massive creature rise from a chasm , a great 40 - foot man - beast , with a mane of flame ! in one hand be a blade like a stabbing tongue of FIRE ; in the other , a whip of many thongs . angle on : aragorn lead the fellowship to the top of a dizzying stairway ... gandalf follow , lean heavily on he staff . ( continued ) 130 . continued : close on : aragorn look at gandalf , concerned . gandalf lead they on , aragorn ! the bridge be near . aragorn hesitates ... gandalf look at he . gandalf ( cont ’d ) do as I say ; sword be no more use here . the fellowship race down the stairway . aragorn pick up frodo ... leaping across a gape chasm ... gandalf yell to the other . angle on : aragorn make to throw gimli across the chasm . gimli nobody toss a dwarf ! the balrog smashes through the wall and spread its vast wing . it swoops down past the fellowship , disappear into a flaming pit ! CUT to : int . bridge of khazad - dom , moria - day the fellowship run into the second hall ... the floor be split with fissure that spit flame . gandalf ( yell ) over the bridge ! fly ! they race towards the slender bridge of stone ... without kerb or rail ... at the far end of the hall . the fellowship recklessly hurry over the dizzying bridge .. but gandalf ... the last ... pause in the middle of the span ... he face the balrog ... staff in one hand ... glamdring in the other ! angle on : frodo look back in horror : gandalf ( cont ’d ) you can not pass ! ( continued ) 131 . continued : frodo ( alarmed yell ) gandalf ! gandalf ( yell ) I be a servant of the secret Fire , wielder of the flame of anor . the dark fire will not avail you , flame of uddin . frodo watch as the balrog put one foot on the bridge and draw up to full height , wing spread from wall - to - wall . gandalf be a tiny figure , balanced precariously on the narrow bridge . gandalf ( cont ’d ) go back to the shadow ! the balrog slashes at gandalf with its sword of flame ... gandalf block with glamdring ... a ringing clash and the balrog 's sword shatter into molten fragment ! gandalf ( booming ) you shall not pass !! the balrog place one foot onto the bridge . aragorn he can not stand alone ! elendil ! I be with you gandalf ! boromir ( raise he sword ) gondor ! angle on : aragorn and boromir race forward , sword draw . gandalf cry aloud as he summon he last reserve of strength ! ! he thump the bridge with he staff ... a blind sheet of white flame spring up ... the staff shatter ... the bridge break ... right at the balrog 's foot . the stone bridge drop away into the gulf ... from under the balrog . for a moment , the great beast remain poise in the air then it plunge down : ( continued ) 132 , continued : ( 2 ) slow motion : relief flood frodo 's face ... gandalf remain tremble on the lip of the break bridge . slow motion : as the balrog fall , he lash out with he whip of fire ... slow motion : the thongs of the whip lash and curl around gandalf 's knee , drag he over the brink ! gandalf just manage to hang on by he fingertip . frodo ( scream ) gandalf ! gandalf ( fierce ) fly , you fool ! close on : gandalf let go he grip and fall away ... follow the balrog into the bottomless abyss ! frodo cry out ! boromir scoops he up and carry he away ! frodo no ! aragorn gandalf ! they rush towards a archway . CUT to : ext . dimrill dale door - day the fellowship tumble out of the great eastern gate on to a grassy sunlit hillside . SAM , merry , and pippin fall slowly to the ground , sobbing angle on : aragorn turn to legolas and gimli . aragorn ( urgent ) legolas , get they up . boromir give they a moment ... for pity 's sake ! ( continued ) 133 . continued : aragorn by nightfall this hill will be swarm with orc ! we must reach the wood of lothloérien . come boromir , legolas , gimli , get they up . on you foot , Sam . angle on : boromir glance towards frodo , then back at aragorn . angle on : frodo be walk away , as if in a daze . aragorn ( cont ’d ) frodo ? frodo ! close on : frodo slowly turn ... a look of numb shock on he devastate face . the fellowship march on . CUT to : ext . dimrill dale hillside - dusk aragorn scour ahead of the company , as they stumble on in the fade light ... in the distance the shimmer of a large forest can be see ... lothlorien ! ext . edge of lothlorien - dusk wide on : the fellowship run across a forest floor strewn with yellow flowers ... above be a roof of golden leave , hold up by silver pillar ... the trunk of huge , grey tree . angle on : legolas , take in the surroundings as if a return home . legolas ( muse ) ah , lothlérien . the fairest of all the dwelling of my people . there be no tree like the tree of this land , for in autumn the leave fall not , but turn to gold . not till the spring come and the new green open do they fall , and then the bough be laden with yellow flower ; and the floor of the wood be golden , and golden be the roof , and its pillar be of silver , for the bark of the tree be smooth and grey . so still we song in mirkwood say . ( continued ) 134 . continued : angle on : in contrast , gimli look nervously around ... gimli stay close , young hobbit ... they say a great sorceress life in this wood . a elf-witch of terrible power . all who look upon she fall under she spell ... close on : frodo hesitates ... a strange voice whisper in he head ... galadriel ( v.0o . ) frodo ... gimli and be never see again ! galadriel ( v.0o . ) ... you come to we be as the footstep of doom . you bring great evil here , ring-bearer . SAM Mr. frodo ? gimli well , here 's one dwarf she will not ensnare so easily . I have the eye of a hawk and the ear of a fox ! the fellowship be suddenly surround by armed elve . deadly arrow be aim at they head . haldir , the elvish captain , step forward ... haldir the dwarf breathes so loud we could have shot he in the dark . CUT to : int . cerin amroth , lothlorien - night night be deepen amongst the windy tree . the fellowship stand on a platform in the tree . haldir greet they . ( continued ) continued : angle on : angle on : 135 . haldir ( elvish ; with subtitles ) mae govan , legolas thranduilion . welcome legolas , son of thranduil . legolas ( elvish ; with subtitles ) govannas vin gwen le , haldir of loérien . we Fellowship stand in you debt , haldir of lorien . haldir glance at aragorn . haldir ( elvish ; with subtitles ) a , aragorn in dunedain istannen le ammen . oh , aragorn of the dunedain , you be know to we . aragorn haldir . gimli so much for the legendary courtesy of the elve ! speak word we can also understand ! haldir we have not have dealing with the dwarve since the Dark day . gimli and you know what this dwarf say to that ? ishkhaqwi be durugnul ! I spit on you grave ! aragorn take gimli by the arm . aragorn ( stern ) that be not so courteous . haldir move on to frodo . ( continued ) 136 . continued : ( 2 ) haldir you bring great evil with you . ( to aragorn ) you can go no further . haldir walk away . angle on : SAM and pippin turn to look at frodo . frodo appear uncomfortable . later ... the fellowship sit while aragorn speak with haldir . aragorn boe ammen veriad lin . andelu i ven ! we need you protection . the road be fall ! haldir whisper back inaudibly . aragorn merin le telim . I wish we may come with you . haldir answer quietly , again so that only aragorn can hear he word . aragorn henio , aniron boe ammen i dulu lin ! please , understand , we need you support ! angle on : frodo look to the remainder of the fellowship . as they meet he eye , they look away , as if he have become a scourge to they . angle on : aragorn continue to argue loudly with haldir . angle on : frodo , look at he friend , see blame that do not truly exist anywhere but in he mind . he be alone , it seem . angle on : aragorn plead with haldir . ( continued ) 137 . continued : ( 3 ) aragorn andelu i ven . the road be very dangerous . angle on : boromir approach frodo . boromir gandalf 's death be not in vain . nor would he have you give up hope . you carry a heavy burden , frodo . do not carry the weight of the dead . haldir stand before frodo . haldir very well . here we will stay awhile , and come to the city of galadhrim on the morrow . int . cerin amroth , lothlorien - day angle on : SAM and frodo sit on one of the many platform in the tree at cerin amroth . SAM suddenly look up and around , with a puzzle expression . he rub he eye . frodo what be it ? SAM it 's a odd thing , Mr. frodo . it 's sunlight and bright day , right enough . I think that elve be all for moon and star . but this be more elvish than anything I ever hear tell of . I feel as if I be inside a song , if you take my meaning . haldir ( from behind they ) you feel the power of the Lady of galadhrim . would it please you to climb with I up cerin amroth ? wide on : frodo and SAM follow haldir up a long series of platform until they reach the pinnacle of the tree . ( continued ) 138 . continued : angle on : frodo and SAM approach the edge of a high platform and look out in wonder . high wide shot : middle earth stretch out for mile and mile to the NORTH . Far to the NORTH , a shadow linger over the forest of mirkwood . angle on : haldir point the hobbit 's gaze to the dark cloud . haldir there lie the fastness of Southern mirkwood . it be clad in a forest of dark fir , where the tree strive one against another and they branch rot and whither . in the midst upon a stony height stand dol guldur , where long the hide enemy have he dwelling . we fear that now it be inhabit again , and with power sevenfold . a black cloud lie often over it of late . pan on wide shot : from orthanc to the west across the magnificent view to mordor and barad -dor in the east . haldir ( cont ’d ) in this high place you may see the two power that be oppose one to another ; and ever they strive now in think , but whereas the light perceive the very heart of the darkness , its own secret have not be discover . not yet . angle on : haldir leave the high place . with a final look , frodo and SAM follow . int . cerin amroth , lothlorien - day close on : a SMALL golden flower in someone 's hand . angle on : aragorn , admire the beauty of this flower . aragorn arwen vanimelda , namarié . angle on : frodo approach . aragorn sigh , and then turn to frodo and smile . ( continued ) 139 . continued : aragorn here be the heart of elvendom on earth , and here my heart dwell ever , unless there be a light beyond the dark road that we still must tread , you and I . frodo do you believe we may yet succeed in we quest ? aragorn we shall endure to the last . CUT to : ext . lothlorien hilltop - day haldir lead the fellowship onto a hill top . they look with wonderment at the vista spread before they . wide on : several mile towards the south , a large hill rise out of the wood . upon the hill rise many mighty mallorn tree , taller than any other ... nestle high in the crown of the mallorn be a beautiful CITY . it gleam in the low ray of the late afternoon ... green , gold , and silver . to the east of caras galadhon , the wood of lorien run down the pale gleam of anduin , the great river . Beyond the river , the land appear flat and empty , formless and vague , until far away , it rise again like a dark dreary wall . the SUN that lie on lothlorien have not power to enlighten the shadow that lie beyond . haldir caras galadon . the heart of elvendom on earth . this be the city of galadhrim where dwell the Lord celeborn and of galadriel , Lady of Light . CUT to : ext . celeborn 's chamber , caras galadhon - night angle on : the fellowship step onto a wide fleet fill with a soft light . the wall be green and silver , the roof gold and in its midst be the trunk of the mighty mallorn tree , now taper toward its crown . ( continued ) continued : angle on : 140 . celeborn step forward to greet the guest . his hair be long and silver , he face grave and beautiful , with no sign of age upon it . next to he stand galadriel , the lady of the elve . she have hair of deep gold and timeless unsurpass beauty . angle on : angle on : celeborn . angle on : memory of angle on : galadriel close on : celeborn look hard at aragorn ... celeborn the enemy know you have enter here . what hope you have in secrecy be now go . eight there be here , yet nine there be set out from rivendell . tell I , where be gandalf ? for I much desire to speak with he . I can no longer see he from afar . frodo look at galadriel , stand silently beside galadriel ( softly aloud ) gandalf the grey do not pass the border of this land . he have fall into shadow . legolas he be take by both shadow and flame . a balrog of morgoth . for we go needlessly into the net of moria . the fellowship bow they head in sadness at the gandalf . celeborn appear surprised . galadriel needless be none of the deed of gandalf in life . we do not yet know he full purpose . survey the face of the fellowship . gimli look up as galadriel address he . ( continued ) continued : angle on : gaze with close on : close on : angle on : angle on : 141 . ( 2 ) galadriel do not let the great emptiness of khazad - dam fill you heart gimli , son of gléin . for the world have grow full of peril , and in all land , love be now mingle with grief . galadriel look over he fellowship again to meet she boromir 's. boromir be suddenly fearful and nervous . galadriel 's eye pierce boromir . boromir turn away from she . galadriel 's gaze remain on he for a moment before turn to celeborn . angle on : galadriel 's galadriel 's close on : celeborn what now become of this Fellowship ? without gandalf , hope be lose . galadriel look to aragorn . galadriel the quest stand upon the edge of a knife . stray but a little and it will fail , to the ruin of all ... yet hope remain while the company be true . S eye settle on SAM . galadriel do not let you heart be troubled . go now and rest , for you be weary with sorrow and much toil . S eye turn to frodo ... she voice fade . galadriel tonight you will sleep in peace . ( whisper v/ of ) welcome , frodo of the shire ... frodo look at galadriel . ( continued ) 142 , continued : ( 3 ) sudden insert : galadriel as she be on the other side ... powerful , divine ... no longer of this world ... a piercing white light surround she . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) ... one who have see the eye . CUT to : ext . caras galadon , lothlorien - night gimli , legolas , merry , pippin , frodo , and SAM be in a pavilion set among the tree near the fountain . they lie on soft couch as elve leave food and wine for they . mournful singing drift down from the tree above . legolas ( sadly ) a lament for gandalf ... merry what do they say about he ? legolas I have not the heart to tell you . for I , the grief be still too near . angle on : frodo lie on he bed watch the other . SAM work with pippin . SAM I bet they do not mention he firework . there should be a verse about they . angle on : SAM stand up to add he own verse to the elven song . SAM the finest rocket ever see they burst in star of blue and green or after thunder , silver shower come fall like a rain of flower . oh , that do not do they justice by a long road . SAM sit down , frustrated and disappointed with himself . ( continued ) continued : angle on : angle on : 143 . boromir be sit alone ... aragorn approach he . aragorn take some rest . this border be well protect . moonlight catch the trace of tear on boromir 's face . aragorn kneel beside he . close on : boromir I will find no rest here . I hear she voice inside my head . she speak of my father and the fall of gondor . she say to I , '' even now , there be hope leave . '' but I can not see it ... it be long since we have any hope . boromir look at aragorn in despair . boromir ( cont ’d ) my father be a noble man , but he rule be fail , and we ... we people lose faith . he look to I to make thing right ... and I would do it , I would see the glory of gondor restore . have you ever see it , aragorn ? the White Tower of ecthelion , glimmer like a spike of pearl and silver , its banner catch high in the morning breeze have you ever be call home by the clear ringing of silver trumpet ? aragorn I have see the White City ... long ago . boromir feel aragorn 's love for mina tirith and take heart . boromir one day , we path will lead we there , and the tower guard will take up the call '' the lord of gondor have return . '' aragorn return boromir 's smile ... betray he disquiet sadness only when boromir look away . 144 . later ... the fellowship be asleep on they bed . gimli be snore loudly . close on : bare feet tread soundlessly across the lawn . close on : frodo 's eye flicker OPEN ... as if by instinct . angle on : galadriel , she white dress glow in the moonlight , glance at he . frodo follow she ... as if draw by a invisible force . ext . galadriel 's glade , lothlorien - night upon a low stone pedestal , carve like a branching tree , sit a shallow silver basin . galadriel lead frodo into the small glade . galadriel will you look into the mirror ? angle on : frodo look with apprehension at the silver basin . frodo ( warily ) what will I see ? galadriel pour water into the basin from a silver jug ...a glow rise from the water . galadriel even the wisest can not tell . for the mirror show many thing ... thing that be ... thing that be ... and some thing that have not yet come to pass . frodo slowly step up to the pedestal ... he peer into the glossy surface . the night sky be reflect in the water ... suddenly a figure take form ... the bow figure of a old man , clad in white robe . he walk down a long road . frodo lean closer to the mirror 's surface . close on : gandalf lift he head and look directly at frodo ! frodo gasp , he face lighting up with hope . frodo ( joyous ) gandalf ! ( continued ) 145 . continued : gandalf look at frodo with a fierce intensity . frodo reach out he hand toward the surface of the mirror . suddenly the image flare , burn out to white . the vision shift ... frodo gasp in horror ! the shire be in ruin ! the image suddenly widen to fill the screen ... building burn ... body strewn about ... dark shape of orc looting and destroy ... bag end , billow in flame ! the Party Tree be hack down . angle on : frodo reel back as the mirror seem to grow . the nightmarish image sweep past he head , engulf he entirely . image : hobbiton ... now a industrial wasteland . the field and tree destroy ... replace with brick factories belching smoke ! image : orc brutally herd manacle hobbit into the factories ! we see SAM ... merry ... and rosie cotton . soot -stained and sobbing , they disappear into the factory hellhole ! suddenly , the mirror go dark ... and out of the black abyss a single eye grow . close on : frodo be frozen . unable to move or cry out . the ring dangle from he neck , inch above the water ... not shimmer with curl of steam . FIRE erupt around the eye . with a yell , frodo push himself away from the pedestal and collapse on the ground . Light instantly fade from the mirror . frodo come to he sense ... he be shocked . angle on : galadriel stand still as a statue , unmove , untouched by the horror . galadriel I know what it be you see ... for it be also in my mind . it be the future , frodo . it be what will come to pass if you should fail . galadriel look at frodo intensely ... frodo look down ... in he hand he be clutching the ring . frodo look up at galadriel . ( continued ) continued : galadriel 146 . ( 2 ) galadriel ( cont ’d ) the Fellowship be break . it be already begin . he will try to take the Ring . you know of whom I speak . one by one , it will destroy they all . frodo ( v.0 . ) if you ask it of I , I will give you the one Ring . galadriel you offer it to I freely ... I do not deny that my heart have greatly desire this . suddenly seem to rise in stature before frodo 's eye . frodo be suddenly afraid of she . angle on : angle on : galadriel in place of the Dark Lord , you would have a Queen , not dark , but beautiful and terrible as the Dawn . treacherous as the Sea ! stronger than the foundation of the earth ... all shall love I and despair ! frodo take a step away from galadriel ... galadriel suddenly laugh ... a slender elf-woman once more , clad in simple white , she voice soft and sad . angle on : galadriel ( cont ’d ) ( gently ) I pass the test . ( laugh ) I will diminish , and go into the west , and remain galadriel . frodo 's confidence drain away . frodo I cannot do this alone . galadriel you be a ring-bearer , frodo . to bear a Ring of power be to be alone . ( continued ) 147 . continued : ( 3 ) close on : galadriel raise she hand to show frodo she own ring . galadriel ( cont ’d ) this be nenya , the Ring of adamant . and I be its keeper . galadriel lower she hand , hide nenya once more . galadriel ( cont ’d ) this task be appoint to you . and if you do not find a way , no one will . angle on : frodo realize what she message be . frodo then I know what I must do . it 's just I be afraid to do it . galadriel kneel down to frodo 's height , stare at he intently . galadriel even the smallest person can change the course of the future . close on : the ring lie in the palm of frodo 's hand ... he finger close over it . CUT to : int . orthanc chamber - day naked , lurtz 's eye follow saruman , alight with a mean intelligence . saruman ( smile ) do you know how orc first come into be ? they be elve once . taken by the Dark power ... torture and mutilate ... a ruin and terrible form of life . and now perfect . my fight Uruk-Hai . whom do you serve ? lurtz ( guttural rasp ) saruman . 148 . int . cavern below isengard - day quick cut : lurtz be quickly armored ... breastplate ... leg guard , helmet ... a sword be thrust in lurtz 's hand . the uruk - hai be smear themselves in white paint ... a creepy ritualistic ceremony ... the white hand of isengard be smear on body , face , and armor . angle on : saruman address a crowd of 200 fully - armed uruk - hati . saruman hunt they down . do not stop until they be find . you do not know pain . you do not know fear . you will taste man-flesh . saruman turn to lurtz . saruman ( cont ’d ) ( coldly ) one of the halfling carry something of great value ... bring they to I alive and unspoil ... kill the other . ext . isengard - day lurtz be lead 200 uruk - hai out of isengard ... they run fast , they powerful leg carry they at speed . ext . silverlode river bank - dawn the mist of morning lay heavily along the river . bare - branch tree arch through the fog , stray beam of light fall on the cold , blue water . angle on : galadriel approach the bank in a elegant ship , carve in the likeness of a swan . dissolve to : ext . silverlode shore , lothlorien - dawn close on : a green , silver - vein elven leaf -brooch be clasped . angle on : elve clasp elven cloak around on the fellowship , each with a leaf-brooch . celeborn ( v.o. ) never before have we clad stranger in the garb of we own people . ( continued ) 149 . continued : angle on : celeborn address the fellowship . celeborn ( cont ’d ) May this cloak help shield you from unfriendly eye . ext . silverlode river bank , lothlorien - dawn angle on : legolas grab a couple of pack and put they in a elven boat . merry and pippin look up as he pull a small piece of bread from one of the pack . legolas lembas . elvish waybread . he take a bite . legolas one small bite be enough to fill the stomach of a grow man . he stuff the remain piece back in the pack and place it in the boat . angle on : merry and pippin nod as he walk away . merry how many do you eat ? pippin four . merry nod and pick at he tooth . pippin belch . angle on : the fellowship continue to load the boat for they journey ... legolas help gimli into a boat ... SAM crawl into another boat and quickly reveal he have no measure of sea leg . celeborn ( v.o. ) every league you travel south , the danger will increase . mordor orc now hold the eastern shore of the anduin . nor will you find safety on the western bank . 150 . ext . silverlode shore , lothlorien - dawn angle on : celeborn and aragorn walk toward the river . celeborn strange creature bear the white Hand have be see on we border . seldom do orc journey in the open under the sun , yet this have do so . close on : celeborn hold a dagger out the aragorn . aragorn take the dagger and unsheathes it . it be a beautiful , yet deadly work of art . celeborn ( elvish ; subtitle ) Le aphadar aen . you be be track . angle on : aragorn replace the dagger in its sheath . celeborn by river you have the chance of outrun the enemy to the Falls of rauros . ext . silverlode river bank - dawn the fellowship be in three small elven boat . elve quietly watch they depart . close on : legolas , remember ... galadriel ( v.0o . ) my gift for you , legolas , be a bow of the galadhrim . Worthy of the skill of we woodland kin . insert flashback angle on : legolas lift a elegant bow and test its strength . angle on : galadriel smile and walk to merry and pippin . angle on : merry remove a dagger from its sheathe and gaze upon it . ( continued ) 151 . continued : galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) this be the dagger of the noldorin . they have already see service in war . angle on : pippin look upon he gift with the fear he may have to use it . he cast he eye upon galadriel . galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) do not fear , young peregrin take . you will find you courage . end flashback close on : merry and pippin ride expressionless in they boat . close on : SAM , remember ... galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) and for you , samwise gamgee , elven rope make of hithlain . insert flashback angle on : SAM bow to she , accept he gift . SAM thank you , my lady . he look at merry and pippin , and then back to galadriel . SAM ( hesitantly ) have you run out of that nice , shiny dagger ? galadriel smile , and SAM hold onto he rope , embarrassed . she move on to gimli , who stare at the ground in she presence . galadriel and what gift would a dwarf ask of the elve ? angle on : gimli shake he head quickly . gimli nothing . he look up at she . ( continued ) 152 . continued : ( 2 ) gimli ( cont ’d ) except to look upon the lady of the galadhrim one last time for she be more fair than all the jewel beneath the earth . angle on : galadriel laugh . gimli scowl at he foolishness and turn away . he recover and turn back to she . gimli ( cont ’d ) actually ... there be one thing . no , no , I could not . it 's quite impossible . stupid to ask . end flashback close on : gimli ride silently before legolas . he close he eye , allow the memory to flood into he head . close on : aragorn , remember ... insert flashback angle on : galadriel stand before aragorn . galadriel I have nothing great to give than the gift you already bear . close on : she touch the evenstar pendant aragorn wear . galadriel ( cont ’d ) ( in elvish ; subtitle ) be meleth din . I ant e-guil arwen undémiel ... pelitha . for she love , I fear the grace of arwen evenstar ... will diminish . aragorn ( in elvish ; subtitle ) aniron i e broniatha be periatham amar hen . aniron e ciratha a valannor . I would have she leave this shore , and be with she people . I would have she take the ship to valinor . ( continued ) 153 . continued : ( 3 ) galadriel that choice be yet before she . you have you own choice to make , aragorn . angle on : aragorn straighten before she . galadriel ( cont ’d ) to rise above the height of all you father since the day of elendil or to fall into darkness with all that be leave of you kin . silence follow ... branch shake ... a spider web 's glimmer strand sway in the wind . angle on : galadriel glance at the pendant , and smile . galadriel ( cont ’d ) ( in elvish ; subtitle ) namarié . farewell . angle on : aragorn bow to she and turn to leave . galadriel stop he . galadriel ( cont ’d ) ( in elvish ; subtitle ) nadath to i moe cerich . Dan u- 'eveditham , elessar . there be much you have yet to do . we shall not meet again , elessar . end flashback close on : frodo ride at the head of he boat . galadriel ( v.0o . ) farewell , frodo baggin . insert flashback galadriel give frodo a small crystal phial . galadriel ( cont ’d ) I give you the light of earendil , we most beloved star . ( continued ) 154 , continued : ( 4 ) galadriel lean over and kiss he head . end flashback as the fellowship 's boat drift past , galadriel stand alone , watch from the bank of the river . in he head , frodo still hear she voice ... galadriel ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) May it be a light for you in dark place , when all other light go out . close on : gimli riding at the head of he boat , paddle by legolas . gimli I have take my worst wound at this parting have look my last upon that which be fairest . henceforth I will call nothing fair unless it be she gift to I . legolas what be she gift ? gimli I ask she for one hair from she golden head . she give I three . close on : legolas smile . ext . river anduin - day the boat pass into the great river anduin . the three elven boat carry the fellowship steadily southward . GREEN tree slowly give way to a brown and withere land . ext . forest - day the uruk force be run through the tree with deadly purpose . ext . river anduin - day a flock of bird circle high above , black against the pale sky . aragorn watch they with concern . 155 . ext . river anduin bank - night the three boat be safely store on the bank out of the water . angle on : boromir hide behind a rock watch the river . close on : a log float down the river . a hand grasp the log and pull itself onto it . who or whatever it be seem to be try to remain conceal from the eye of the fellowship . angle on : aragorn approach from behind boromir . aragorn gollum . he have track we since moria . gollum 's Pov : gollum watch the boromir and aragorn stand behind the rock . angle on : the log run into a rock on the opposite side of the river and stop . aragorn ( 0.s. ) I have hope we would lose he on the river . angle on : aragorn and boromir continue watch gollum . aragorn ( cont ’d ) but he 's too clever a waterman . boromir and if he alert the enemy to we whereabouts , it will make the crossing even more dangerous . angle on : frodo listen to the exchange between aragorn and boromir . he look worried . SAM ( 0.s. ) have some food , Mr. frodo . frodo no , Sam . SAM you have not eat anything all day . you be not sleep , neither . do not think I have not notice . ( continued ) 156 . angle on : SAM move from the campfire to sit with frodo . SAM Mr. frodo - frodo I be all right . SAM but you be not . I be here to help you . I promise gandalf that I would . close on : frodo look at SAM , sadly , with the full weight of the knowledge of what he must do . frodo you can not help I , Sam . not this time . get some sleep . frodo turn away from SAM and return to he own thought . reluctantly , SAM concede and leave frodo alone . angle on : boromir turn away from the rock to aragorn . boromir minas tirith be the safer road . you know that . from there we can regroup . Strike out for mordor from a place of strength . aragorn there be no strength in gondor that can avail we . boromir you be quick enough to trust the elve . aragorn do not respond , but listen impatiently . boromir ( cont ’d ) ( desperately ) have you so little faith in you own people ? yes , there be weakness . there be frailty . but there be courage also , and honor to be find in Men . but you will not see that . angle on : aragorn turn away from boromir . boromir grab aragorn 's tunic , and turn aragorn to he . ( continued ) 157 . continued : ( 2 ) boromir ( cont ’d ) you be afraid ! angle on : frodo listen intently to boromir argue with aragorn . boromir ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) all you life , you have hide in the shadow . angle on : aragorn calmly listen to boromir 's raving . boromir ( cont ’d ) scare of who you be , of what you be . aragorn adjust he tunic and turn away from boromir . boromir be speechless . aragorn turn back to he . aragorn I will not lead the Ring within a hundred league of you city . CUT to : ext . river anduin - day angle on : boromir , still feel the defeat from the previous evening , paddle down the river along with the rest of the fellowship . he glance scathingly towards aragorn . angle on : aragorn refuse to return he glance . ext . pillar of the king , river anduin - day the three elven boat drift slowly through the steep rocky gorge in the pre -dawn light . close on : aragorn , slowly paddle in the stern . aragorn ( quietly ) frodo . frodo slowly look up , he eye widen with amazement . ( continued ) 158 . continued : wide on : two enormous rock statue , tower like 300 foot pinnacle on either side of the river ... carve image of gondorian king of old . they loom over the boat with power and majesty . aragorn ( cont ’d ) the argonath ... close on : aragorn ... strangely move by the beauty of the Silent sentinels . he speak , almost as if to himself . aragorn ( cont ’d ) Long have I desire to look upon the king of old ... my kin . the fellowship stare in stunne silence as the current take they through the narrow gap at the statue 's foot . wide on : craning up past the statue vast crumble head , to reveal a large lake only a mile down river ... ext . shore of nen hithoel - day angle on : the fellowship as they leap out of the boat and clamber onto the wood shore . aragorn we cross the lake at nightfall , hide the boat and continue on foot ... we approach mordor from the North . gimli ( gloomy ) oh , yes , just a simple matter of find we way through emyn muil , a impassable labyrinth of razor - sharp rock . and after that , it get even better ... a fester , stinking marshland as far as the eye can see . aragorn that be we road . I suggest you take some rest and recover you strength , master dwarf . gimli ( indignant ) recover my ... ( continued ) 159 . continued : angle on : legolas turn to aragorn with urgency . legolas we should leave now . aragorn no . orc patrol the eastern shore . we must wait for cover of darkness . legolas it be not the Eastern shore that worry I . legolas cast a glance around into the parth galen forest ... legolas a shadow and a threat have be grow in my mind . something draw near , I can feel it . aragorn look at legolas , know full well what he mean . angle on : SAM have slump asleep . merry dump a small pile of kindling at gimli 's foot .... merry where 's frodo ? SAM sit up with a start ... aragorn 's head snap around . his eye fly to boromir 's shield which lie abandon by he camp bed . close on : aragorn ... as he realize boromir have go ! ext . slope of amon hen - day frodo be walk beneath the tree ... lose in think . his foot hit the rough edge of a ancient stone slab ... he eye follow a overgrown path towards stone stair lead to the summit of amon hen ... the see seat . a crackling SOUND ! frodo freeze ... boromir ( quietly ) none of we should wander alone ; you least of all . so much depend on you frodo ? ( continued ) continued : angle on : cautious . 160 . frodo turn slowly ... he stare at boromir , tense , boromir I know why you seek solitude . you suffer , I see it day by day . be you sure you do not suffer needlessly ? frodo stand silent for a moment ... the murmur of the wind in the tree hear . and the distant roar of the fall of rauros can be boromir let I help you . there be other way , frodo ... other path that we might take . frodo I know what you would say , and it would sound like wisdom but for the warning of my heart . boromir warning ? against what ? boromir have start forward towards frodo . frodo back away from he . frodo step boromir ( cont ’d ) we be all afraid , frodo . but to let that fear drive we to destroy what hope we have ... do not you see that be madness ? frodo there be no other way . boromir I ask only for the strength to defend my people . ( angrily drop the wood he have collect ) if you would but lend I the Ring ... frodo no ... 's hurriedly away from boromir . ( continued ) 161 . continued : ( 2 ) boromir why do you recoil ? I be no thief . frodo ( wary ) you be not yourself . boromir what chance do you think you have ? they will find you , they will take the Ring and you will beg for death before the end . frodo turn to leave . boromir ( cont ’d ) you fool ! it be not yours , save by unhappy chance . it might have be mine ! it should be mine ! give it to I ! give I the Ring . boromir leap on top of frodo , grasp for the ring ! frodo have only moment to act . frodo rip the ring from around he neck and ram it on he finger . frodo disappear . boromir spin wildly around , yell into thin air ! boromir I see you mind ... you will take the Ring to sauron . you will betray we ! you go to you death and the death of we all ! curse you ! curse you and all you halfling ! boromir stumble and fall . his body shake as if in the throes of a fit ... slowly , he come to . boromir ( cont ’d ) ( disorient ) frodo ! frodo ! what have I do ? please , frodo ... 162 . ext . seeing seat - day in the twilight world : frodo race through the misty twilight world , past the foggy shape of twisted tree . somewhere behind he , boromir 's distraught voice carry , as if from another dimension . boromir ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , frodo ... frodo ... frodo suddenly find himself on the stone step ... he clamber up the stair , onto a high seat , perch on four stone pillar . frodo cower on the seat , like a lose child upon the throne of mountain king . the world of mist swirl around he . frodo peer out from the seat ... the world seem to shrink . in all direction , view of far off land telescope towards he through the mist . image : orc spilling out of hole in the misty mountain ... flame rise from mirkwood ... grim face easterlings march to war ... black ship sail to the South . all the power of the Dark Lord be in motion . frodo move he gaze to the East ... FIRE explode against the smoke , as a huge mass of black battlement fill frodo 's vision . a mountain of iron , immeasurably strong , tower of adamant : barad - dor , the fortress of sauron . suddenly ! sauron 's eye leap toward frodo like a finger of light . sauron ( v.o. ) ( in black speech ) they will fall ! angle on : frodo leap off the seat , and tumble down the stair ! the eye sweep amon hen like a searchlight , seek its ring ! with a huge effort , frodo wrench the ring off he finger ... ext . summit of amon hen - day frodo lie gasp on the summit of amon hen ... below the ancient ruin of the see seat . at that moment : a black boot step into shot ! frodo look up as aragorn tower over he . aragorn frodo ? ( continued ) 163 . continued : frodo ( numb ) it have take boromir . aragorn move towards frodo ... aragorn ( urgent ) where be the Ring ? frodo back away from aragorn ... aragorn be shocked by the movement . frodo stay away ! aragorn frodo ... I swore to protect you . frodo can you protect I from yourself ? close on : frodo uncurl he fist ... in he palm lie the ring ! it glint , gold and beautiful in the afternoon sun ... aragorn 's eye be draw to it . frodo ( cont ’d ) would you destroy it ? the ring aragorn . aragorn . elessar . aragorn ( kneel to frodo ) I would have go with you to the end . into the very fire of mordor . frodo I know . look after the other , especially Sam ... he will not understand . aragorn freeze ! he draw he sword . aragorn ( urgent ) go , frodo ! frodo hesitates . ( continued ) 164 , continued : ( 2 ) aragorn ( yell ) run. run! frodo back away into the tree ... angle on : ...as 200 uruk -hai swarm onto amon hen behind aragorn ! aragorn attack the lead uruk - hai like a madman ... he bring two down with he sword leaping into the ruin as other close in on he . angle on : frodo scramble down the hillside , away from the fight . angle on : aragorn battle the uruk - hai , amongst the pillar and block of amon hen . despite he bravery , he be quickly surround . suddenly : elven arrow smash into the uruk - hai . legolas race out of the wood , fire he bow . gimli leap into the battle , wield he mighty axe . ext . parth galen hillside - day frodo be darting down the steep hillside as heavy foot thunder down after he . SAM Mr. frodo ! angle on : SAM look around for frodo . close on : lurtz order he uruk . lurtz find the halfling ... find the halfling ! angle on : frodo stumble and fall ... quickly he crawl behind a tree ... above he the sound of uruk - hai crash through the forest ring out . merry ( 0.s. ) ( urgent whisper ) frodo ! frodo turn to see merry and pippin hide in a hollow , a few foot away . ( continued ) 165 . continued : merry ( cont ’d ) hide here , quick ! pippin come on ! angle on : frodo look at he friend ... slowly shake he head , a great sadness in he eye . pippin ( cont ’d ) what 's he do ? angle on : merry 's eye meet frodo 's. understand . merry ( softly ) he 's leave . pippin no ! pippin stand and make a move toward frodo .. merry grab at he arm . merry pippin ! angle on : merry and pippin look up the slope where a cry have ring out . they have be see ! merry ( to frodo ) run , frodo . go on ! merry wave he arm at the approach orc . merry hey , hey you ! over here ! pippin hey ! merry over here ! pippin this way ! ( continued ) 166 . continued : ( 2 ) merry and pippin run , lead a pack of orc . angle on : frodo run to the lake . angle on : merry and pippin , still run from the orc pippin it 's work ! merry I know it 's work ! run ! merry and pippin stop ... more uruk - hai approach from the other direction ... they be trapped . suddenly ! boromir charge up the hillside and block the stroke of the lead uruk - hai . angle on : the echo of boromir 's horn reach aragorn , legolas , and gimli ... they be battle they way down the slope towards the lake . legolas the horn of gondor ! aragorn boromir ! aragorn desperately slashes he way towards boromir , fell uruk - hai in he path ... while legolas and gimli fight a rear guard action . angle on : many uruk -hai fall to boromir 's sword as he try to protect merry and pippin ... boromir run ! run! angle on : lurtz take aim . angle on : a black arrow suddenly thud into boromir 's chest . amazingly , boromir continue fight , but another arrow ... and another , bring he to he knee . angle on : merry and pippin be scoop off they foot by uruk - hai . ( continued ) 167 . continued : ( 3 ) merry & pippin aaaaagh ! boromir ! boromir ! angle on : lurtz aim he bow at boromir 's heart ... suddenly aragorn charge at he , smash the bow with he sword . they lock into a deadly battle . angle on : aragorn cut lurtz down and race towards boromir , who lie slump against a tree ... uruk - hai arrow stick out of he chest . at least 20 dead uruk - hai lie heape around boromir . his horn lie at he foot ... cloven in two . boromir ( painful gasp ) they take the little one ... aragorn quickly try to staunch the flow of blood from boromir 's shoulder . boromir ( cont ’d ) ( panicked ) frodo ... where be frodo ? aragorn I let frodo go . boromir hold aragorn 's gaze . boromir then you do what I could not . I try to take the Ring from he . aragorn the Ring be beyond we reach now . boromir forgive I . I do not see ... I have fail you all . aragorn no , boromir . you fight bravely . you have keep you honor . aragorn try to bind boromir 's wound . ( continued ) 168 . continued : ( 4 ) boromir leave it ! it be over ... the world of Men will fall and all will come to darkness and my city to ruin aragorn ... aragorn I do not know what strength be in my blood , but I swear to you ... I will not let the White City fall , nor you people fail ... boromir we people ... we people ... aragorn place boromir 's sword in he hand . boromir 's finger tighten around the hilt . boromir ( cont ’d ) I would have follow you , my brother . my captain , my king . aragorn lay boromir down . he be dead . aragorn be at peace , son of gondor . aragorn bend and kiss boromir 's forehead . legolas and gimli appear behind he ... aragorn stand . aragorn ( cont ’d ) they will look for he come from the White Tower ... but he will not return . ext . shore of nen hithoel - day on the lakeshore , frodo stand in front of one of the elvish boat , the ring in he palm . angle on : a distraught SAM ... run as hard as he can through the forest ... SAM Mr. frodo ! ( continued ) 169 . continued : close on : frodo look to the far side of the river ... the camera move in on the ring . frodo ( v.0 . ) I wish the Ring have never come to I . I wish none of this have happen ... tear fall down frodo 's face ... gandalf ( v.o. ) so do all who live to see such time ... but that be not for they to decide . all we have to decide be what to do with the time that be give we . with renew determination , frodo tuck the ring inside he vest pocket . angle on : the small figure of frodo push the elvish boat into the water ... angle on : SAM burst through the tree and run toward the lake frodo be already paddle away . SAM ( anguish ) not alone , frodo . Mr. frodo ! angle on : frodo , in the boat , paddle steadfastly away from the shore ... tear in he eye ... the voice of SAM carry on the wind . frodo whisper to himself . frodo no , Sam . angle on : SAM look at the water ... then at the boat . splash ! frodo turn to see SAM launching himself into the water . frodo go back , Sam ! I be go to mordor alone . angle on : SAM splashes hopelessly toward the boat . SAM of course you be ... and I be come with you ! ( continued ) 170 . continued : ( 2 ) frodo you can not swim . SAM start to go under , spluttering and cough ... angle on : frodo drop he paddle and scramble backwards in the boat ... frodo ( cont ’d ) ( frighten ) Sam ! angle on : SAM be underwater ... hand flail helplessly as he sink . close on : frodo 's hand grasp SAM 's ... angle on : frodo pull a bedraggle and half - drown SAM into the boat . frodo and SAM look at each other , out of breath , tear and water stream down both they face . SAM I make a promise , Mr. frodo ... a promise . ( fierce passion ) '' do not you leave he , samwise gamgee . '' ( sob ) and I do not mean to ... I do not mean to . frodo ( cry ) oh , Sam ! frodo start to laugh through he tear ... the two friend hug . frodo ( cont ’d ) come on then ... the two hobbit row through the water ... ext . fall of rauros aerial - day slow motion : look down on swiftly flow water ... boromir 's body slide under camera . he be lie in one of the boat , he arm across he chest he break horn at he side . ( continued ) 171 . continued : suddenly ... the boat drop away from camera ... as it plunge over the massive fall of rauros , disappear into the vapor below . ext . shore of nen hithoel - day angle on : legolas push the last boat into the water . legolas if we be quick , we will catch frodo and Sam before nightfall . aragorn look toward the far shore : frodo and SAM 's small boat can be see lie on the distant riverbank as frodo and SAM make off into the forest beyond . he do not react . angle on : legolas turn and look at aragorn . legolas ( cont 'd ) you mean not to follow they ... aragorn frodo 's fate be no longer in we hand . gimli then it have all be in vain ... the Fellowship have fail . aragorn not if we hold true to each other . we will not abandon merry and pippin to torment and death , not while we have strength leave . aragorn pull a hunting knife out of he pack and strap it on . aragorn leave all that can be spare behind . close on : aragorn ... a steely light in he eye . aragorn ( cont ’d ) ( grimly ) we travel light . let 's hunt some orc . gimli yes ! ha ! ( continued ) 172 . continued : aragorn , legolas , and gimli disappear into the wood , follow the uruk - hai trail . ext . emyn muil hilltop - day frodo and SAM scramble onto a high ridge . wide on : a distant line of saw toothed mountain below a dark oppressive sky . Black volcanic smoke rise behind the mountain . mordor ! angle on : frodo and SAM look with grim determination . frodo mordor ! I hope the other find a safer road . SAM ( simply ) strider 's 11 look after they . frodo I do not suppose we will ever see they again . SAM we may yet , Mr. frodo . we may . frodo Sam ? frodo look at SAM with great affection ... despite the grim outlook , SAM be undeterred ... frodo ( cont ’d ) I be glad you be with I . wide on : the two hobbit setting off toward mordor . to be continued ...