the neverending story base on the book by Michael ende screenplay by wolfgang Peterson 1984 fade in : limahl 's '' the neverend Story '' play as the credit play over a dazzle display of some great cloud storm . the nothing . great mass of cloud swirl and churn and collide on the screen . as the final credit play we ... CUT to : bastian 's bedroom we story begin as we young friend awake from a dream . bastian quickly sit up as if awaken from a nightmare . he look at a picture of he mom with a sigh and then he pick up the book beside he and mark he spot . CUT to : Kitchen . bastian father be work on some sort of concoction in the kitchen blender , while bastian sit at the dining table strain to open jelly for he toast . they exchange a good morning between each other , but they be relatively quiet . Father : Morning bastian bastian : Morning dad bastian continue to struggle with the jar until he hand hurt . his father turn to he and give he a hand . he seem to easily open the jar . as bastian father return to he task of the morning drink concoction bastian break the silence . bastian : | have another dream dad , about Mom . his father pause at the blender , but do not look at he and then he continue create he drink . Father : | understand son , but we have to get on with thing , right ? ( bastian look deject at this answer . ) bastian we each have responsibility . we can not let Mom 's death be a excuse for not get the old job do , right ? bastian half - heartedly smear butter on he toast . his father approach the table and sit down . time for a father to son talk . Father : Son , | think it 's time you and | have a little talk . | get a call from you math teacher yesterday . she say you be draw horse in you math book . bastian : unicorn . they be unicorn . ( mimic a unicorn ) Father : what ? bastian : nothing ... Father : she also say that you have not be turn you homework in on time . and I be very disappointed you do not even try out for the swim-team . ( pause ) as for that riding lesson you have be want you say you love horse yet you seem to be afraid to get on a real one . now , bastian , you be old enough to get you head out of the cloud and start keep both foot on the ground . alright ? ( he take a sip of drink . ) bastian : ok . Father : stop daydream and start face you problem . ok ? ( ruffle bastian hair ) bastian : ok ( he say with a half heart smile ) Father : ok . right | think we have have a nice little talk we should have more . ( he gulp down he drink and get up to leave . ) have a nice day and do not be late to school again . bastian : ( bastian turn to he ) but yesterday | be not ... end scene fade in : City street out on the street 3 bully be laugh . as bastian walk out , they stop . bully 1 : hey look it 's the weirdo . bully 2 : hey weirdo , get any cash for we today ? bastian turn and run . bully 1 : hey follow ! that 's it weirdo . you can not get away you jerk ! you be dead chicken ! they yell chase after he . they chase he down a alley where they corner he and catch he . bully 3 : where 's you be money man ? bastian : | do not have any ! bully 1 : no money ? momma 's little boy be hold out on we . you be not get any money on ya , you go in the garbage can all three bully shove bastian into a nearby dumpster . bully 3 : maybe chicken can lay a egg in there . ( they laugh as they return to the street . ) bastian come out of the dumpster and enter the street brush garbage off himself . the bully see he and stand up straight . bully 1 : '>style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > hey man , who say you could get out of the garbage ? get back in there . '>class=msobodytext2 > ( they smile at each other and start towards he . ) bastian : oh no not again . no not again ! ( he start run ) bully where do you think you be go wimp ? ( they chase after he , he duck into a bookstore and the boy run by . ) next scene : coreander 's Book store bastian watch from inside the store as the three bully go run by . he sigh fell relief , but be suddenly startle by a ruff bulldog voice from somewhere in the store . coreander : get outta here . | do not like kid . bastian walk toward the area he hear to voice from , and find a old man site in a chair read . he turn and look at he . coreander : you still here boy ? do not you hear what | say ? bastian : um , | be .. ( he stutter motion to the door . ) coreander : you be hide be not you ? bastian : no | be just ... ( he stutter more ) coreander : the video arcade be down the street . here we just sell small rectangular object that be call book . require a little effort on you part and make no b..b..b.. beep . on you way please bastian : 1 know book . I have 186 of they at home ! coreander : bah. comic book . bastian : no. I have read treasure Island , last of the mohican , wizard of Oz , Lord of the ring , 20,000 leagues under the Sea , tarzan ... coreander : whoa whoa whoa . who be you run away from ? ( he say with new interest . ) bastian : just some kid from school . coreander : why ? bastian : they wanna throw I in the garbage . coreander : why do not you give they a good punch in the nose , eh ? bastian : oh , | dunno . ( he look down at he shoe ) the man turn away from he again . bastian look at the book he have . his interest have be arouse . bastian : what 's that book about ? coreander : oh , this be something special . bastian : ( bastian move in closer . ) well , what be it ? coreander : look . you be book be safe . while you be read they you get to become tarzan or Robinson crusoe . bastian : but that 's what | like about they . coreander : yes , but afterwards you get to be a little boy again . bastian : what do you mean ? coreander : listen ( he motion for he to come nearer . ) coreander : have you ever be Captain nemo , trap inside you submarine while the giant squid be attack you ? bastian : yes . coreander : be not you afraid you could not escape ? bastian : but it 's only a story . coreander : that 's what I be talk about . the one you read be safe . bastian : and that one be not ? coreander : do not worry about it . bastian : but , but you just say it be .... ( the phone ring and coreander put the book under a newspaper to try and hide it . ) coreander : forget about it . this book be not for you . ( he get up and get the phone . ) bastian watch he . as he talk on the phone bastian uncover the book . the title on the book read , the neverend Story . above this word be a symbol on the cover . the symbol be two snake intertwined with each other and bite each other 's tail . as the old man hang up the phone , bastian grab the book and run out . the old man smile to himself and look down at he desk proud to have finally get rid of the annoying child . angle : coreander desk on he desk in place of the book be a note pad barely legible write on it , it read : '>class=msobodytext2 > " do not worry , I will return you book . " end scene next scene : bastian school . with the book under he shirt bastian run through the hall of he school . he stop outside he classroom , then cautiously look through the small slit of a window in the classroom door . what he see be he class already start on a very important math test . '>class=msobodytext2 > bastian : the math test , oh no . CUT to : school attic bastian run up the stair lead to the school 's attic , find the key and go inside . there be all sort of old scholastic object in the attic . he find a stack of old gym mat and pull one out . he sit down and pull out the book , then he begin read . angle - bastian - close up : bastian : it be midnight in the howling forest . the wind whistle through the top of the ancient tree . suddenly , something enormous crash and rumble through the eerie wood . fade out to : fantasia wide shot : View of small camp . we see a snail look up and there 's a small man beside he . there be a nighthob and he sleep bat nearby . suddenly the calm of the camp be interrupt by a great rumbling similar to a earthquake . nighthob : what 's that ? ( the ground shake . ) angle : rockbiter a huge tricycle come to a stop in front of they . it be make entirely from stone , as be the giant riding it . the rockbiter speak to they in a deep , friendly voice . rockbiter : Excuse I , would it be alright if | join you this evening ? tiny : uh huh . rockbiter : you see I have be travel all day . ( he climb off he tricycle . he roll it backward and then sit down . the ground beneath he shake . he sniff the air and then say , as if he have discover a secret of theirs ) ah hah ! now I see why you pick this camp . " he pick up a large rock and sniff it . rockbiter : a delicious look limestone rock . Nice bouquet , must be a real vintage here . nighthob : yes , you be right . that delicious rock be the reason we campe here alright . then he run over to the little man . nighthob : psst. be he a nutcase ? tiny : no , he 's a rockbiter . nighthob : oh a rockbiter . a rockbiter !? the rockbiter start eat the limestone he be hold . piece fall all over the place . one piece fall on the snail . rockbiter : ooops , sorry . then he burp . oh , pardon I ! nighthob : pardon . rockbiter : mmm . that be limestone , with a dash of quartz . very tasty . where | come from in the north we use to have exquisite gourmet rock , only now ... now they be all go . nighthob huh , | know how it happen . the rockbiter make a boyscout honor sign . rockbiter : | swear it be not I . nighthob : hah ! heck no . tiny : I think | know what it be , tell we more . rockbiter : near my home there use to be a beautiful lake , but then it be go . tiny : do the lake dry up ? rockbiter : no , it just be not there anymore . nothing be there anymore . not even a dry up lake . tiny : ahole ? rockbiter : no , a hole would be something . Nah , it be nothing . and it get bigger and bigger . first there be no lake anymore and then finally , no rock . nighthob : hah ! if he keep stuff he face like that , soon there will not be any rock leave here either ! ( nighthob complain to the little man . as he start to walk away , the little man grab he . ) tiny : nighthob , this could be serious ! rockbiter , what you have tell we be also occur where | live in the west ! a strange sort of nothing be destroy everything . nighthob : yes , we nighthobs live in the south . and it 's there too . rockbiter : so , so it 's not just in we part of fantasia ? nighthob : maybe , it 's already everywhere ... ( nighthob hiss look around suspiciously smell the air . ) maybe we whole land be in danger . what can we do ? rockbiter : my people be send I to the ivory Tower , to the Empress for help nighthob and tiny : we be .. tiny : we be on the same mission . after all , if the Empress can not save we , who could ? nighthob : then why be we all just stand around here instead of take off for the ivory Tower ? tiny : right , what be we wait for ? the little man climb on he snail while the nighthob try to wake up he bat . nighthob : hey wake up ! we can not just hang around here . prepare for take off ! stupid bat ! rockbiter : we , we can not wait for a snail . can | carry you ? jiny : do not worry , it 's a racing snail . rockbiter : oh , but we can not even wait for a racing snail . the little man go peddle off on the snail . nighthob finally wake up he bat and climb on as rockbiter : it really be a racing snail . nighthob : and nobody give a hoot about I and my stupid bat . close up : rockbiter rockbiter : maybe I will take a few of this yummy gourmet rock , eh.. for the road . '>class=msobodytext2 > '>class=msobodytext2 > '>class=msobodytext2 > as he bend down to pick some up , he stand straight up again and realize he hear the nothing come . mso-tab-count : b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > rockbiter : mso-tab -count : oh no . the nothing ! '>class=msobodytext2 > CUT to : a golden sunset View of the sky and nighthob on he bat . ighthob : look there it be . the heart of fantasia . View of rockbiter and little man . they stop as they see the ivory Tower . rockbiter : I never know it be that beautiful . oh . ext . view - ivory Tower Wide angle view of the near ivory Tower . it shimmer in its only light as the sun set behind it . '>class=msobodytext2 > nighthob : stay awake . | tell you to stay awake . we span the whole length of this ivory Tower . it be say to be as big as a city . we pass over the base of the tower , then it 's mid section , and finally we near the very top of the structure . it be very intricate here . we begin to zoom in on the magnolia pavilion . the very tip of the ivory Tower , the place that the Empress life . nighthob : the home of the Empress . she 's we only hope . fade out : int . view - ivory Tower - the empress court the door to the Empress 's room open into the courtyard . lot of creature from fantasia await help from the Empress . the Empress 's head servant come out of she room and speak to they all . carion : Friends , | know why you be all here . the nothing be destroy we world . | also know that you have come to beseech the Empress for help . but I , | have terrible news . the Empress herself have become deathly ill . there seem to be a mysterious link between she illness and the nothing . she be die . so she can not save we ... there be much commotion among the creature gather there , but he continue . but there just might be one chance . the plain people who hunt the purple buffalo have among they a great warrior and he alone have a chance to fight the nothing and save we . he be we only hope . his name be atreyu . CUT to : School attic- bastian View of bastian . he look up from the book and grab he school bag . he look at the Indians on the front . bastian : atreyu .. bastian : the Empress have already send for the great warrior . when he finally < = " " b= " " > style= " mso - spacerun : yes " appear on the terrace of the ivory Tower , he carry with he the hope of all fantasia . " View of a young indian boy walk up the stair to the old man . bastian : a little boy Close up of atreyu as the old man speak to he . carion : I be sorry , but this be not the time nor place for child . | must ask you to leave . atreyu : if you do not want I here , you should not have send for I . carion : it be not you we send for . we want atreyu . atreyu : lam atreyu . carion not atreyu the child , atreyu the warrior . atreyu : lam the only atreyu with the plain people , but I will be happy to go back to hunt the purple buffalo . carion : no wait ! atreyu pause as the old man continue .. come back please . atreyu walk back up the stair . the old man look at he more urgently now . carion : if you truly be the atreyu we send for , you would be willing to go on a quest ? atreyu : yes of course , what kind of a quest ? carion : to find a cure for the Empress ..... and to save we world . no one can give you any advice except this , you must go alone and you must leave all you weapon behind . it will be very dangerous . atreyu : be there any chance of success ? carion : I do not know , but if you fail the Empress will surely die and we whole world will be destroy . atreyu 's eye grow large and he close they and hang he head down . then he open they back up and look at the old man determinedly . he take off he bow and quiver of arrow . atreyu : when do | begin ? carion : now and you must hurry atreyu , the nothing grow stronger everyday . he motion he to come nearer . carion : take this . ( he hold up a necklace that have the same symbol as the front of the book . he fasten it on atreyu . ) " the auryn " could be hear whisper throughout the court fill with creature . carion : he who wear the auryn speak for the Empress . it will guide and protect you . end scene : view of atreyu and he horse gallop away from the ivory tower . — fade out fade in : Dark cave View of a dark cave and we hear bastian : at the same time , elsewhere in fantasia , a creature of darkness also begin he quest . we see two evil eye open abruptly follow by a horrid howl in the cave and then a wolf as black as night run out . CUT to : atreyu & artax View of atreyu and artax near a stream . atreyu be sleep and we hear bastian : they have be travel aimlessly for almost a week , but they could not find a cure for the Empress . neither atreyu or he horse , artax , have the vaguest suspicion that the creature of darkness , the g'mork , be already tracking they down . artax cross the small stream and wake up atreyu by nuzzling he . atreyu : wha ? what be it artax . be time to go already oh , | know what you want . it 's time to eat , huh ? good idea . bastian : no , it 's a great idea ! bastian look up from the book with a smile and grabb he lunch from he back pack and begin to devour it . view of bastian hold half the sandwich . he look at it . bastian : no , not too much . we still have a long way to go . view of atreyu and artax travel again . g'mork arrive be they have be and catch they scent , and take off follow they trail . CUT to : swamp of sadness bastian : atreyu and artax have searched the Silver Mountains , the Desert of shatter hope , and the Crystal tower without success . and so , there be only one chance leave . to find morla , the ancient one , the wisest be in fantasia who 's home be the Shell Mountain somewhere in the deadly swamp of sadness . atreyu jump off artax and pull he along through the swamp . bastian : everyone know that whoever let the sadness overtake he would sink into the swamp . atreyu pull he horse along say reassure thing the whole time . atreyu : that 's it . you be do fine artax . suddenly artax stop and atreyu pull on the reign . artax do not budge atreyu : come on artax , what 's the matter ? what 's wrong ? come on boy ! 's too difficult for you . ( he try pull he ina different direction and step into a puddle up to he waist . suddenly he notice that artax be sink ) atreyu : artax you be sink ! come on turn around , you have to ! now ! come on ! artax ! he go closer to he and hug he . atreyu : fight against the sadness artax . artax , please . you be let the sadness of the swamp get to you . you have to try , you have to care . for I , I be you friend , | love you . ( artax do not move and atreyu slap the puddle send water fly toward the horse . he yell at he again . ) artax , you be sink ! come on , turn around , you have to , now ! come on ! artax ! fight against the sadness , artax . artax , please , you be let the sadness of the swamp get to you . you have to try . you have to care , for I , you be my friend , and I love you . artax ! stupid horse ! you have gotta move or you will die ! move , please ! | will not give up ! do not quit ! artax ! please ! ( then he plead with he . ) move please . | will not give up ! jump quick ! artax please ! fade out : fade in : split view : of atreyu sit on a log cry as he look at the spot where artax have once be , and of bastian look up from the book . both have tear stream down they face , bastian blow he nose on he handkerchief . bastian turn the page . view : of atreyu walk through the swamp cry . he stop suddenly and we see a mountain . style so-tab-count : 1 " > " b= " " > style= " mso-tab - " " >style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > atreyu : the Shell Mountain . count : 1 " > view : of bastian as he look up from the book . '' " > style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > count : 2 " > bastian : " " > style= " mso-tab - morla the ancient one . '>class=msobodytextindent2 > wide view : atreyu climb up the muddy mountain and call for morla several time . the mountain _ start move and he grab a tree branch . the branch break and he slide down the mountain , hurt he shoulder . he land in the swamp ground below and turn and crawl away to a tree nearby that face the mountain . he climb it and see a giant turtle head come out of the mountain . bastian scream and atreyu and morla look around . bastian sit up surprised . bastian : but that 's impossible , they could not have hear I . atreyu : be you morla , the ancient one ? morla : not that it matter but yes . atreyu : please help I morla . do you recognize this ? morla : well , we have not see the auryn in a long time . atreyu : we ? ( he look around ) be there someone else here too ? morla : we have not speak to anyone else for thousand of year , so we start talk to ourselves . ( she sneeze and blow atreyu out of the tree . ) atreyu : morla , | bring terrible news . do you know that the Empress be very ill ? morla : not that it matter , but yes . actually we do not care . atreyu : if | do not save she , she will die ! there 's a terrible nothing sweeping over the land . do not you care about that ? ! morla : we do not even care whether on not we care . atreyu : do you have a cold ? morla : no , we be allergic to youth . atreyu : you know how | can help the Empress do not you ? morla : not that it matter , but yes . atreyu : if you do not tell I and the nothing keep come , you will die to ! both of you ! morla : die ? that at least would be something . she start to sneeze again , but do not so atreyu relax he grip on the tree . unknowing that she can sneeze at any moment . atreyu : please tell I . you say you know the answer . she sneeze and blow he out of the tree . she become agitate . morla : we be tired of sneezing , go away . nothing matter . atreyu : ( he climb back up the tree ) that 's not true . if it do not really matter to you then you would tell I . morla : hah hah , clever boy . atreyu : tell I please ! morla : we do not know , but you can ask the Southern Oracle . atreyu : how can | get there ? morla : you can not . it 's ten thousand mile away . atreyu : but that 's so far . morl that 's right . forget it . good night . CUT to : School hallway the school bell ring and bastian sit up with a start . the school day have end and everyone be leave . bastian walk out as the light turn off . the attic be spooky , it be dark and stormy . bastian grab he stuff and run out of the attic , but then come back , shaking he head . bastian : no. atreyu would not quit now . he start back towards the mat , but lightning follow by a loud clap of thunder startles bastian prompt he to leap backwards . a wolf head from a old school festival fall down in front of he and he scream in terror . CUT to : swamp View of atreyu stumbling , exhaust through the swamp . he fall several time and have to stop for rest . his shoulder really hurt he . atreyu stumble into a puddle up to he neck and we see the wolf run after he . as atreyu start to faint he look up and see a dragon come towards he from high in the sky . the wolf reach he right as the dragon pick he up . the wolf howl in anger as he miss the boy . end scene : fade in : attic- bastian bastian flop down on he back and sigh . relieved that atreyu escape the g’mork and the swamp , but what be that creature that save he ? bastian sit back up and start read again . bastian : after day and night of unconsciousness , atreyu slowly open he eye and find himself in strange surroundings . he be clean and he wound be dress . view : - atreyu waking up . his be asleep behind the arm of the dog-like dragon . he lift it 's arm so he can get away . the dragon open one eye , then close it . atreyu : shew . falkor : the dragon wake up as atreyu run away . leave so soon , hmm ? atreyu : uh , I be just go ..... | have to ...... I be try to ... ( he stutter . ) falkor : sneak away ? atreyu : yea ..... | mean no . no ! ealkor : | like chil ren . atreyu : for breakfast ? falkor : never ! I be a luck dragon . my name be falkor . atreyu : and my name be .. falkor : atreyu . and you be on a quest . atreyu : how would you know that ? falkor : you be unconscious and you talk in you sleep . atreyu : wha ? ealkor : ( falkor start strain to reach he ear , but he leg be to short . ) could you get round and scratch behind my right ear ? falkor : I can never quite reach it . atreyu : ( atreyu start scratch a spot . ) here ? falkor : oh yea . huh huh huh , oh . that 's so good . thank you . falkor : so little fella , you be on you be way to the Southern Oracle ? atreyu : yes , but it 's hopeless . it 's too far away ! falkor : oh , | would not necessarily say that . atreyu : do you know how to get there ? falkor : why sure , it 's right around the corner . atreyu : how would all this happen ?! falkor : with luck ! atreyu : you have already bring I the entire ten thousand mile ? falkor : no , only nine thousand eight hundred and ninety one , as the dragon fly . atreyu : you be amazing ! falkor : have a luck dragon with you be the only way to go ona quest . thing will work out fine atreyu . never give up hope and < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > good luck will find you . atreyu : it 's good to have a friend again . ealkor : you have more than one . look . ( motion behind atreyu . ) atreyu go to a small entrance and bend down to look in . a tiny old man sit write in a book and a old lady come in hum a tune . she throw some worm into a pot and stop to eat one . atreyu close he eye disgust . atreyu smile as they start fight . engywook : get out of my light wench . you be disturbing my scientific work . urgl : you and you scientific work . what the boy need now be one of my potion . en , jook : the boy will need my scientific advice much more . urgl : yes , yes , but not until he 's well . get back to you own place . I be always find you in my place ! engywook : I be go . atreyu clear he throat to get they attention engywook : he 's well ! now it 's my turn with he . urgl : oh no you do not ! | decide when he 's well . it 's you turn when | say it 's you turn . view - she get a cup full of the mixture in the pot and come to stand in front of he . he put a hand on he shoulder as he speak to she . test the bandage . atreyu : um , a little , but it 's all right . urgl : | like that . the patient tell the doctor it 's all right . it have to hurt if it 's to heal . ( she stop and sniff the cup then hold it out to he . ) here . drink that . ( he take it from she and start drink . ) urgl : good , huh ? that 's my batw broth . there 's eye of newt in there , tree mold , old lizard brain , scale from a rancid sea serpent . atreyu look at the cup like he 's sick . the old man stand and speak to he . engywook : just where do you and you dragon come from ? what be you onto ? anything of interest to the scientific community ? atreyu : my name 's atreyu . I come here to find the Southern Oracle . engywook : oh , you have come to the right place my boy . urgl : here we go again . engywook : | be somewhat of a expert on the Southern Oracle . urgl : it 's my scientific specialty . ( she mock engywook ) engywook : it 's my scientific specialty . urgl : why do not you sit down and be quiet for once ?! en , jook : you keep quiet wench . urgl : oh ! engywook : it 's now my turn . engywook : my name be engywook . uh , she 's urgl . ever hear of I ? atreyu : I do not think so . engywook : you do not move in scientif atreyu smile apologetically and shook he head no . engywook : lam the expert on the Southern Oracle . oh you have come to the right place my boy . urgl : there 's no fool like a old fool . engywook : wait . stay here . to the observatory . he say stop she . to the winch , wench ! CUT to : View of urgl turn a handle of a large machine that pull a basket carry engywook to the top of a high ledge on one of the surround rock . atreyu follow he on the ground . engywook : come on lazy bone , can not you go any faster ? I have be study the mystery of the Southern Oracle for year , someday I will publish my book : a century of study the Southern Oracle by Professor engywook , volume one the early year . atreyu : have you ever be to the Southern Oracle ? engywook : well , what do you think ? | work scientifically . as atreyu pull himself up on the ledge he see 2 great sphinx - like statue . the man look into a improvise sort of telescope and then tell atreyu to do the same . atreyu : be that the Southern Oracle ? engywook : well , no . it 's the first of the 2 gate you must pass through before you reach the Southern Oracle and get I the final information for my book . of course , most people never get that far . atreyu : why ? engywook : the sphinx 's eye stay close until someone who do not feel he own worth try to pass by . ah ! here come one that look fancy . view of a man in fancy armor approach the gate . engywook : let 's see what he really think of himself ( atreyu watch through the telescope . the man start to hesitate . ) go on scaredy cat . oh , go on ! engywook : oh , it 's my turn , let I see . ( atreyu ignore he . ) I be the scientist . atreyu : he 's go on . | think he 's gonna make it . engywook : style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > the sphinx 's eye , be they open be shut ? let I see ! atreyu : they be shut . ( he look back and forth between they . ) no wait ! the eye be open ! Ray 's of pure light shoot out of the sphinx 's eye and zap the man . atreyu look up , shocked at the sight he have see . engywook : oh no ! do he make it ? do he ? atreyu : ( atreyu shake he head . ) no. engywook : Fancy armor do not help much . the sphinxes can see straight into you heart . listen boy , next time let I see what happen ! it 's my telescope . atreyu : ( atreyu set he jaw determinedly . ) I be gonna try it . atreyu start climb down as engywook call after he engywook : no ! do not go yet . | have not tell you about the next gate . it 's even worse than this one . atreyu ! atreyu ! atreyu continue on and approach the gate . as he walk up the eye stay close . engywook : he will never make it . he will never make it . atreyu do fine until he see the fall man , who be just a char skeleton . he panic and start look back and forth between the 2 sphinxes . engywook : ( the old man cry out . ) do not start to doubt yourself now , be confident ! bastian : ( bastian cry out ) be confident , be confident . the eye open and bastian cry out . bastian : run atreyu run ! engywook : run atreyu ! atreyu look straight ahead and bastian call out . bastian : run now ! atreyu run through the gate and just barely make it . he turn and look back , then sigh . engywook be so happy he jump in the basket and fall out when he get back to where falkor and urgl be . engywook : he make it ,he make it ! View : urgl be give falkor a shot . urgl : you could do with a dose of juicy vitamin too . engywook : he make it , atreyu , he make it through the sphinx gate . | always say he could do it . urgl : oh good ! but that 's no reason for you to go fall out of the basket again ? falkor : | know he would be safe . engywook : nonsense ! you do not understand anything ! the worst on come up . next be the Magic Mirror gate . atreyu have to face he true self . ealkor : so what ? that will not be too hard for he . engywook : oh ! that 's what everyone think . but kind people find that they be cruel , brave man discover that they be really coward . confronte with they true selve most man run away scream ! view : of atreyu in a blizzard . he approach the Mirror gate and look into it . after a while , he see bastian read the story . bastian look up then throw the book across the room . bastian : no . this be go too far . ( he pause and look at the book . ) what if they really do know about I in fantasia ? ( he pick the book back up . ) view : of atreyu . he stick he hand through the Mirror and then pull it back out . then he walk through the gate . bastian : ( bastian light a candle ) the Southern Oracle ? atreyu approach another two sphinxes . as he approach they start speak to he . Oracle : do not be afraid . we will not harm you . we have be wait for you a long time atreyu . ( they speak in unison . ) atreyu : be you the Southern Oracle ? Oracle : yes , we be . atreyu : then you must know what can save fantasia ! Oracle : yes we do . atreyu : well , what be it ? | have to know . Oracle : the Empress need .... a new name . atreyu : anew name . be that all ? but that 's easy ! I can give she any name she want . Oracle : no one from fantasia can do it , only a human child . atreyu : a human child ? where can | find one ? Oracle : they can only be reach beyond the boundary of fantasia . you must hurry atreyu . we do not know how much longer we can withstand the nothing . ( the sphinxes start crumble . atreyu run away call for falkor . ) view - falkor with atreyu on he back . they be fly over fantasia . atreyu : hurry falkor , the nothing 's everywhere . falkor : do not worry . we will reach the boundary of fantasia . atreyu : do you know where they be ? falko | have no idea . atreyu : then how be we suppose to find they ? falkor : with luck . atreyu : faster falkor , faster . < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > count : 2 " > falkor : '' " sstyle= " mso-tab - all right ! hang on tight ! view - falkor carry atreyu over many different land of fantasia . a beautiful display of landscape play over the screen then we CUT to - attic window — close up of bastian . bastian : what a shame they do not ask I . my mother , she have such a wonderful name . he close the window and go back to read the book . on and on they fly until they reach the Sea of possibility where they could go no further . view of falkor and atreyu . the sky be gray and be incredibly windy . great storm cloud can be see all around churn and expand . it be the nothing , the force destroy fantasia , and falkor and atreyu have end up right in the center of part of it . falkor : look atreyu , the nothing . falkor be toss around in all direction , atreyu try to hold on as best as he can . the wind blow wilder and wilder until finally it toss falkor onto he back , and knock he passenger into the air . atreyu fall , but falkor can not get to he before he disappear into the chaos below . CUT to - attic the window burst open and bastian climb up and close it . against a torrent of rain and wind . finally he get the window close and he look down at the book , he be soak , and a bit wind at he experience . then he remember the story hero . so-tab-count : 1 " > 1 " > " " >style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > count : 1 " > bastian : styl '>style= " mso-tab-count : " b= " " > style= " mso-tab - '' " mso-tab-count : 1 " > < = " b= " " > style= " mso-tab-cou ! ' style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > atreyu ! fade to - View of atreyu on a lie on a beach . atreyu wake with a start , and discover that the auryn be go . he stand up and look at the sky , search frantically for he friend falkor , but falkor be not there . atreyu : falkor ! falkor ! where be you ? falkor ! somewhere in the heaven falkor be search for atreyu . falk View of falkor call for atreyu . " atreyu ! atreyu ! atreyu : falkor ! atreyu reluctantly give up on call falkor . he turn he eye to the beach , he find a trail of foot print in the sand , but they be not he , but that of a large beast . atreyu follow they and find himself follow a path to a city that have see better day . on he way he stop to rest lean against the remain of what seem like a stone wall , but he soon find that it be not a wall at all , but a rockbiter . the giant look down at atreyu and hold out he hand . rockbit they look like big , good , strong hand . do not they ? ( atreyu look down sadden . ) | always think that 's what they be . my little friend . the little man with he racing snail , the nighthob , even the stupid bat . | could not hold on to they . the nothing pull they right out of my hand . | fail . atreyu look down , feel terrible . atreyu : no you do not fail . I be the one who be choose to stop the nothing . but I lose the auryn , | can not find my luck dragon , so | will not be able to get past the boundary of fantasia . rockbiter : listen , the nothing will be here any minute . I will just sit here and let it take I away too . they look like big , good , strong hand . do not they ? rockbiter start cry as atreyu shake he head yes and fight he own tear . he continue along the trail again , and find himself in a different part of the city . ahead of he be a larce mostly intact building , atreyu dodge fall rock and enter a open . on the wall be painting of everything that 's happen during he quest . the Empress give the auryn to carion , carion give the auryn to atreyu , atreyu try to save artax in the swamp of sadness , morla , and falkor , and more . as atreyu turn a corner he see a painting of a wolf , then he turn another corner and see the wolf hide in a smaller open . it growl wildly at atreyu as he approach G ’mork : if you come any closer | will rip you to shred . atreyu squat down where he 's at and look at the wolf . atreyu : who be you ? g’mork : lam g'mork . and you , whoever you be , can have the honor of be my last victim . atreyu : | will not die easily . | be a warrior . g’mork : ( G 'mork laugh . ) brave warrior , then fight the nothing . atreyu : but I can not ! | can not get beyond the boundary of fantasia . g'mork laugh and atreyu grow angry . atreyu : what 's so funny about that ? G ’mork : fantasia have no boundary . astorm grow closer to the city , slowly shaking it to piece ... rock fall here and there . atreyu : that 's not true . you be lie . g’mork : foolish boy . do not you know anything about fantasia ? it 's the world of human fantasy . every part , every creature of it , be a piece of the dream and hope of mankind . therefor , it have no boundary . there 's a crash and more rock fall . atreyu : but why be fantasia die then ? G ’mork : because people have begin to loose they hope and forget they dream . so the nothing grow stronger . atreyu : what be the nothing ?! G ’mork : it 's the emptiness that 's leave . it 's like a despair , destroy this world . and I have be try to help it . atreyu : but why ? G ’mork : because people who have no hope be easy to control . and whoever have control have the power . a large crash shake the ground . atreyu lose he balance for a moment , but quickly regains it and turn back to the wolf . he give he a cold look then ask he , atreyu : who be you really ? g’mork : lam the servant of the power behind the nothing . I be send to kill the only one who could have stop the nothing . | lose he in the swamp of sadness . his name be atreyu . the ground shake and atreyu fall over backward . he grab a long , sharp piece of break stone and stand up . he then yell at g'mork . atreyu : if we be about to die anyway , I would rather die fight . come for I g'mork ! | be atreyu ! g'mork growl and jump at he . atreyu plunge the sharp rock into the beast heart , kill the g’mork . as atreyu pull himself from the carcass of the g’mork , atreyu find that the beast manage to inflict a wound on atreyu . he stand and wince at the deep gash across he chest . another crash echoe through the ruin as atreyu make he way out of the ruin . CUT to - Ocean — falkor under water falkor dive deep into the Sea follow a slight ray of light from beneath the wave . as he swim deeper and deeper more and more bubbles form around he body , finally he reach a coral reef , and find that the ray of light be come from the lose necklace . falkor open he mouth , and pluck the auryn from the coral with he tooth . drive by a will much like he own he head straight for the abandon city . below he he could barely make out the form of atryeu leave a collapse building . atreyu come out of a open and latch onto a tree as the nothing consume more and more the surround land . atreyu call out for falkor and this time falkor call back . mso-tab-count : 2 " > '' mso-tab-count : 1 " > falko ! atreyu , hang on ! styl '' " sstyl '>style= " mso-tab - count : 1 " > atreyu hold tight to the tree as strong wind threaten to rip he from the branch . almost as he be lose he grip falkor pluck he out of the tree , and head for safer sky . but that be all there be leave , below they the nothing envelop the remain piece of land . fantasia be go . " >style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > > style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > bastian style= " m mso-spacerun : yes " > that be the end of fantasia . only a " >style= " mso-tab - count : 1 " > few fragment remain of this once rich and beautiful world have be leave by the nothing . view - falkor fly through a belt of fragment still remain after the nothing . the sky be graveyard of leave over piece of fantasia . atreyu wake from he exhaustion and look around with a heavy heart . atreyu : good old falkor , can you see anything ? anything at all ? falkor : no , all the land be go . atreyu : | know , and all because | fail . falk you try . atreyu : do you suppose the ivory Tower be still stand ? falkor : let 's hope so , atreyu . let 's hope so . atreyu look down at the amulet dangle from he neck , and get a idea that might just help they . atreyu : let the auryn guide you . ( he clutches the medallion with he hand ) if the ivory Tower still stand take we there . close up - view - the auryn start glow and the fragment move , behind they stand in all its glory be the ivory tower . atreyu : falkor ! the ivory Tower ! they approach the tower . and it appear to have be spare by the nothing . we span over all its beautiful feature before we come to rest at the court before the Empress 's chamber . view - bastian . he lean forward and whisper > < = " " >style= " mso -tab - the Empress view - atreyu walk up the stair that lead to the Empress 's room . the chamber door begin to open . he pause and look back at falkor . falkor : go on . he enter the room and the door close behind he . before he be the childlike Empress in person . she sit silently on she bed , she gaze never leave atreyu . childlike Empress : " >style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > spacerun : yes " > atreyu , why do you look so sad ? " > style= " mso - he take off the auryn and hand it to she . she look at it , and then he for a explanation . atreyu : < '' >style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > ' >style= " mso - spacerun : yes " > I have fail you Empress . childlike Empress : no , you have not . you have bring he with you . atreyu : who ? childlike Empress = " " >style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-spacerun : ig child . the one who can save we all . yes " > atreyu : you know about the earthling child ?! childlike Empress : of course . | know everything . atreyu : ( atreyu grow angry with she ) my horse die , | nearly drown , and | just barely get away from the nothing . for what ?! to find out what you already know ?! childlike Empress : it be the only way to get in touch with a earthling . atreyu : but | do not get in touch with a earthling ! childlike Empress : yes , you do . bastian sit up slowly as we hear what she 's say . childlike Empress : he have suffer with you . he go through everything you go through . and now , he have come here with you . he 's very close . listen to every word that we say . atreyu look around , as do she . style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > " >style= " mso-tab - >style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > > style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > what ?! count : 1 " > " > style= " mso-tab - count : 1 " > two fragment of fantasia collide and explode shaking the Tower violently . es " > atreyu : where be he ? if he 's so close , why do not he arrive ?! childlike Empress : style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > < : 1 " > he do not realize that he 's already a part < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > count : 1 " > of the neverend Story . >style= " mso-tab -count : b= " " > style= " mso-tab - atreyu : < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > the neverend Story , what 's that ? childlike Empress : mso-tab-count : 1 " > just as he be share all you adventure , other 's be share he . they be with he when he hide from the boy in the bookstore . '' " > style= " mso-tab -count : bastian : but that 's impossible ! childlike Empress : they be with he when he take the book with the auryn symbol on the cover , in which he 's read he own story right now . style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > bastian : I can not believe it , they can not be talk about I . the ivory Tower crack . atreyu turn around to see where it crack , then he turn back to the Empress . atreyu : what will happen if he do not appear ?! childlike Empress : < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > then we world will disappear , and so will I . b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : atreyu : how can he let that happen ?! childlike Empress : he do not understand that he 's the one who have the it . he simply can not imagine that one little '' >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > boy could be that important . bastian : be it really I ? atreyu : " >style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > < >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > maybe he do not know what he have to do ! childlike Empress : " " >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > what do I have to do ?! childlike Empress : < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > = 1 " > he have to give I a new name . he 's already b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : choose it , he just have to call it out . bastian : < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > it 's only a story , it 's not real . it 's only a story . the ivory Tower shake and crack some more . atreyu fall over backward and be knock unconscious . < = 1 " > < '>style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > '>style= " mso-tab-count : b= " " > style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > '' " sstyle= " mso-tab - count : 1 " > basti b= " " > style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > atreyu ! no ! childlike Empress : < style= " mso-tab-count : < = " " >style= " mso- tab - count : 1 " > > style= " mso-tab-count : 1 " > atreyu ! ext . view - the courtyard be be take away by the nothing . because of bastian new find disbelief the nothing have grow stronger and be now attack the last remain part of fantasia . childlike Empress : bastian , why do not you do what you dream , bastian ? bastian : = " " >style= " mso-tab-count : < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > but I can not ! | have to keep my foot on the ground ! childlike Empress : call my name ! bastian , please ! save we ! bastian : all right , I will do it . I will save you . | will do what | dream ! he climb up to the window and open it . he lean out into the storm and call out the name he have choose for she . bastian : moonchild ! next scene - darkness , pure and black as night . we hear bastian speak . bastian : style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > < ' >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > why '>style= " mso-tab - count : 1 " > so dark ? Empress moonchi in the beginning always dark . a small light appear and start grow until the two child face be illuminate . it be come from a object in moonchild 's hand . bastian look at it . bastian : < style= " mso-tab -count : spacerun : yes " > what be that ? ' > style= " mso - Empress moonchild : < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > one grain of sand . it be all that remain of my vast empire . bastian : fantasia have totally disappear ? Empress moonchild : " >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > yes . bastian : then everything have be in vain . Empress moonchild : no , it have not . fantasia can arise in you . in you dream and wish bastian . bastian : how ? Empress moonchild : b= " " > style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > open you hand . she put the grain into he hand and he look at it . Empress moonchild : what be you go to wish for ? bastian : ' >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > — _ I do not know . Empress moonchild : then there will be no fantasia any more . bastian : how many wish do | get ? Empress moonchild : as many as you want . and the more wish you make , the more magnificent fantasia will become . bastian : " >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > really ? Empress moonchi try it . bastian : < = " " b= " " > style= " mmso-spacerun : yes " > then my first wish be ... moonchild follow he gaze and smile . CUT to - bastian riding falkor below they fantasia have be reborn . everything appear as before . bastian : " >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > falkor , it 's even more beautiful than | think . falkor : like it ? ( bastian look around . ) falkor , it 's like the nothing never be . they fly over rockbiter , the nighthob , and the little man . bastian wave to they and rockbiter wave back . they change they direction and suddenly below they be a great endless field , the great Plains . bastian look down and see a familiar face from he imagination , only now its real . bastian : style= " mso-tab-count : 2 " > < = " " b= " " > style= " mso-tab - count : 1 " > ' >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > atreyu ! artax ! atreyu look up , laugh , and wave as he and artax be head for home . ealkor : < = " " " >style= " mso-spacerun : yes " > what would you like to wish for next ? bastian lean over and whisper in he ear . falkor laugh . CUT to - View of the three bully talk out on the street where they have chase bastian the day before . they look up at the sky as falkor and bastian appear and start chase they . they scream ... bully : a monster ! bastian : yea ! look there they be ! get them falkor . let 's see how you like it chicken ! bully : down here ! ( one of they cry point to the alley . they start to rest , but falkor chase they down there too . they start run again . ) bastian : we be gonna get you guy ! they run down the alley and jump into the dumpster as falkor fly by they , laugh . they peer out of the dumpster and then duck back in . view - of building and the sky . we hear a voice , a narrator . narrator : bastian make many other wish and have many other amazing adventure before finally return to the ordinary world . but that 's another story . end credit