fade in : ext . space a small planet glow in the light of its sun . suddenly , we hear a loud rumble , and see a thick , electronic mist behind the planet ... then , the electronic mist begin to engulf the planet , and we hear the horrible sound of destruction . almost like somebody , or something , be eat it . push down to : ext . the near side of the planet' surface strange robotic creature scramble around the planet in a wild panic . it look like pompeii must have look as vesuvius erupt . angle on one of the creature - tracking the creature be kranix . we will meet he later on in a very different context , but for now , he be run from the ever - grow mist that threaten to engulf he . another angle - the panic as kranix run , another creature , arblus , call to he . arblus transform and flee , kranix ! you must warn all you meet of the horror of unicron ! suddenly , the pitiful creature be surround by the strange energy cloud and it look like he body have simultaneously catch fire and be douse with acid . kranix arblus ! no ! angle on kranix the mist threaten to engulf he too . he transform into a small rocket ship and ... track with kranix as ... he take off . as we rise higher and higher in the atmosphere , we see the horror wringht by the hideous and still mysterious unicron . the planet crack like a egg and river of lava leak out . the energy cloud surround it and ... dissolves everything ... ... and when the smoke clear , we get we first look at unicron . it be horrifying . a massive , metal orb with a gape maw and a field of electricity . ( continued ) 2 . continued : pan forward to show that this hideous planet be on a direct collision course with ... moons orbiting cybertron in deep space there be two mechanistic moons orbit the huge planet cybertron . but we be most concerned with a small , greenish metal one . narrator it be the year 2005 . the treacherous decepticon have conquer the autobot ' home planet of cybertron . but from secret staging grounds on two of cybertron 's moon the valiant autobot prepare to retake they homeland . closer on GREEN moon at first , we see nothing unusual or suspicious . then , pull closer , we see that the top of the moon be cover with moon camouflage " netting " and underneath it be a huge cache of futuristic weapon . this be the autobot staging ground for a assault on cybertron . dolly through the complex until we arrive at a Command Center where several autobot peer into monitor , run constant surveillance on cybertron . angle on ironhide he peer into a monitor . as he speak , we see the monitor pan to a area where a huge decepticon symbol be emblazon on cybertron . ironhide every time I look into this thing , my circuit sizzle . I be tired of this wait game , Prime . when be we gonna start bustin' deceptichop ? angle on optimus prime he stand over a holographic map which show various invasion plan for cybertron . optimus prime we still do not have enough energon cube to power a full scale assault , ironhide . ironhide then let I make another run to autobot City on Earth . I will bring you back more cube than you will know what to do with . 3. angle on prime he solemnly hand down a order prime alright , ready the shuttle for launch . angle on ironhide he raise a fist in a warwhoop ! ironhide yahoo ! ( look into monitor ) you day be numbered now decepticreep . a SMALL moon " mountain " ironhide transform and race toward a mountain , which stand about a half mile from the secret autobot facility . optimus prime ( v.o. ) Jazz , report security status . command CENTER - angle on the console jazz no sign of decepticon in this sector , Prime . prime what about Moon base 2 ? jazz Jazz to Moon base 2. pan up and through the sky to - another moon this be the second moon . it be much closer to cybertron than the first one . this be where bumblebee and spike be station . jazz ( v.o. ) Jazz to Moon base 2. angle on bumblebee and spike they stand together a communication console . spike be now 35 year old . bumblebee look as he have always look , save for a couple of funny bumper sticker on he tail : I ( heart ) cybertron . I ( club ) decepticon . ( continued ) 4 . continued : bumblebee bumblebee and spike here . jazz ( v.o. ) we be about to send up the bird . any decepticon shenanigan in you sector ? bumblebee all clear , jazz. ( pause ) spike hey , ironhide , tell my son , Daniel , I miss he , and tell he I will be come home as soon as we have kick megatron 's tail across the galaxy . CUT to : int . the shuttle ironhide and prowl sit at the control , run a series of pre-launch test . ironhide will do , spike . angle on prime , cliffjumper , and the other stand at the Command Center , watch : prime commence countdown , cliffjumper . cliffjumper five ... four ... Three ... two ... the lunar " mountain " suddenly , smoke start pour out of the mountain . cliffjumper one .... then , the " mountain " which must be make of paper mache or something blow away revealing -- the shuttle ! cliffjumper ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) liftoff . suddenly , the shuttle rip out of the ground in a ball of fire . ( continued ) 5 . continued : as it take off , we realize this be not any dinky shuttle , but a massive ship , capable of carry all the energon need to fight a war and a army to boot . the screen be bath in smoke and fire which slowly clear . angle on prime as he watch the shuttle shoot into the distance . prime now , all we need be a little energon and a lot of luck . angle behind prime we see a bank of computer . suddenly , a small tape deck pop open ... a cassette pop out and transform into ... ... laserbeak who fly away unseen . dissolve to : ext . space - later the shuttle hurtle though a massive asteroid field . prowl ( v.o. ) slow down , ironhide . we want to get to autobot city in one piece . CUT to : int . the shuttle ironhide be at the control . ironhide if I can dodge dececpticon ray , I can sure as shootin ' dodge a couple of asteroid . suddenly , there be a terrible bang ! on the side of the ship , and the two autobot be throw from they seat . prowl you be say ? ironhide ( irked ) that be not a asteroid . there be a blast of light and they turn to see ... 6 . angle on the ship the most powerful laser light anybody have ever see cut a gape hole in the side of the ship ... then , when the light clear , a panel of the ship fall in and we see - megatron ! in all he glory . megatron die autobot ! then , he transform to gun mode , spin into starscream be arm and starscream fire . brawn be cut in half by megatron 's blast . on prowl as scavenger melt he down . the insecticon ... eat away at the hole in the shuttle to make way for ... ... a army of other decepticon include laserbeak who enter , fire . ironhide and ratchet while firing back be fuse together ... ... then blast apart and fall in smoking , glow fragment . on starscream and megatron as they enter the now empty ship , a number of decepticon flood past they , take position and search for other live autobot . megatron this be almost too easy , starscream . starscream much easier , oh mighty megatron , than attack the real threat : the autobot moon base . megatron you be a idiot , starscream . be we simply to wipe out that minuscule base , they could build another one . ( more ) ( continued ) 7 . continued : megatron ( cont 'd ) but when we slip by they security system in they own ship and destroy autobot city , the autobot will be vanquish forever ! ironhide fat chance , megatron ! ironhide pull himself up and grab onto megatron who fling he against the wall . megatron such heroic nonsense ! dissolve to : ext . earth - close shot - miniature radar screen a child 's hand hold a scanner device which track a traveling blip across a star map towards a pulsing dot which represent the Earth . daniel ( v.o. ) the shuttle just zipped past checkpoint zeta . on daniel Daniel , a classic twelve year old american boy watch the portable viewer which be like a over-size Boy scout compass . widen shot to show he be at a old fashioned " fishin ' hole " on Earth - surround by weep willow , assort tree and shrub , and that he fishing pole be stick in the dirt , the line float lazily out on the water . daniel let 's watch ironhide land it , hot Rod ! as Daniel run to small skateboard - like device , hit a button , and watch , it transform into a hoverboard and ride it , like a surfer up a steep , grassy hillside we change angle to feature ... hot rod a " adolescent " autobot . he be in robot mode , sit with he fishing rod hold between two finger , look bored with it all . hot rod ( cont 'd ) talk about dull ......! ( continued ) 8 . continued : then , he toss the rod into the water . on daniel riding he hoverboard up the hill daniel ( call excitedly ) hurry or we will miss it ! hot rod lope up hill after Daniel . hot rod ( cont 'd ) if you be gonna ride , dan-o ... ride in style ! hot Rod catch up with Daniel , scoops he off he hoverboard , transform to automotive mode and ride over crest of hill with Daniel in the front seat . another angle - on autobot CITY follow hot Rod up and over a roadway lead around the perimeter of autobot City which become visible the instant hot Rod clear the rim of a hill . as they travel , we should also be get a sense of what autobot City be all about . ( design note : autobot City look like a federal energy project go mad . here , the autobot be try to exploit every know mean of get energy . the mountain be cover with solar panel , windmills spin in the valley , oil derrick pump , and not far away a hydroelectric dam catch million of volt . near all of this various thing be energon compressor , which turn the raw energy into energon cube . in the background of this scene , we should see various panel truck - type autobot cruise up in auto mode to stack of this energon , convert to humanoid mode , load up they van , then convert to Auto mode again and drive the energon into autobot City . in short , it should be clear that the purpose of autobot City be to harvest energy . all the while , hot Rod and Daniel be riding recklessly out from the autobot City and up into neighbor hill for a overview of the - circular landing area which reside within the " bowl " create by the City structure and natural surroundings . daniel hey ! let I out . hot rod why settle for a peek when you can see everything from lookout Mountain ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : daniel but we be not suppose to go beyond City limit ! hot rod chromo - Chicken ! on kup and other autobot kup - a grizzle , " old soldier " of a autobot - be direct the positioning of a large metal road barricade . hot Rod barrel through a sign which read : " stop - this area off limit " , almost knock kup over in dust and wind kup disgustedly watch hot Rod drive up the mountain . kup ( cont 'd ) ( to sound like swear ) cam bustin ' , turbo revvin ' young punk . CUT to : mountain above autobot CITY - lookout point hot Rod arrive at a view platform carve in mountainside and transform back to humanoid mode . Daniel rush to a set of public viewing binoculars and peer into they . hot rod this be it ! now take a squint through that baby . daniel hot Rod , look ! there 's a hole in the shuttle ! hot rod what !? daniel be p.o.v - binocular matte - the shuttle the hole megatron blast in order to get into the shuttle mar the otherwise perfect exterior of the ship . angle on daniel and hot rod hot Rod look up and a pair of futuristic binocular pop out of he eye . 10 . hot rod be Pov - the shuttle hot Rod 's vision , now , infinitely better than human vision , spot something truly disturbing -- -- starscream , and several constructicon inside the ship ! hot rod ( o.s. ) decepticon ! angle on hot rod drawing he gun , he start firing on the shuttle . hot rod this be for ironhide . as so 's this ! angle on the shuttle Ray streak through the hole searing ... starscream he duck away from the door . starscream ( cont 'd ) I be hit ! angle on megatron stand behind a pair of decepticon who pilot the shuttle , he turn to see ... the constructicon firing out of the hole . megatron he 's furious . megatron ( cont 'd ) you imbecile , we cover be blow ! starscream it be you stupid strategy ! CUT to : angle on kup , construction crew kup and the autobot construction Crew watch hot Rod shoot at the shuttle . kup what 's that darn fool do ? hound look up and point . ( continued ) 11 . continued : hound decepticon ! angle on the shuttle suddenly it crack open , and decepticon shoot out of the wreckage like toy from a pinata . close - megatron in mid-air megatron ( shouting to force ) attack ! ( he look down and fire ) hot rod and daniel hot Rod pull Daniel back as megatron 's blast shear off the viewing platform which crumble and fall down the steep mountain ! hot rod hang on ! put Daniel under one arm , he pivot and kick up at ... ... hook and scavenger who be descend on he in humanoid mode ... ... cause they both to crash against the mountainside which start a ... ... landslide which hot Rod " ride " down the slope , pursue by ... ... decepticon FIRE . hot rod ( shout ) whoooooooaaah angle on bottom of mountain slope - blitzwing blitzw fly down in jet mode , transform to robot mode , look up at the " slide riding " hot Rod and Daniel , transform to tank mode and take aim . blitzwing ( amused ) come on down , autobrat ! on hot rod and daniel as hot Rod tumble , he cover Daniel with he arm and try unsuccessfully to slow he fall . hot rod yiiiiiiiiii ! ( continued ) 12 . continued : on blitzwing about to fire , when ... ... kup 's arm descend into shot , spin blitzw 's turret around . blitzw 's blast , scorch ... shrapnel who be fly nearby . blitzwing transform to robot mode and turn as ... kup come fly , foot first , into blitzw knock he off the mountain ledge . follow kup as he land in front of hot Rod , who be just come to a stop at the bottom with Daniel . hot rod not bad for a old timer ! kup ( gruffly ) Old timer ?! that 's something you will never be if you do not get back to the city . you know what we use to do with cocky , insubordinate upstart ? hot rod ( interrupt ) save it . starscream transform into jet mode , fire on they with laser burst which ... ... chew up the ground beside they . hot rod and kup with Daniel race toward autobot City , transform into vehicle mode as shot gouge the terrain around they . CUT to : perceptor in microscope mode on " battlement " of autobot CITY he watch ... perceptor' Pov - the decepticon attack megatron , insecticon , constructicon , and other decepticon force attack the city from the sky and ground . ( continued ) 13 . continued : perceptor transform to humanoid and run toward ...... ... Three new autobot , arcee , a lovely female autobot of about hot Rod 's age , springer , a very muscular and banter " Indiana Jones " type autobot and ultra magnus , the large and soldierly City Commander . perceptor ultra magnus ..... a cursory evaluation of decepticon capability indicate a distinct tactical deficit ! ultra magnus in other word , perceptor ... springer ( translate ) we be outnumber ! he turn and fire from he hip . dirge in jet mode Zoom in to strafe as ... springer' blast ... ... explode on he wing tip . springer , ultra magnus and other as decepticon bomb and laser FIRE pour in on the City . ultra magnus springer , arcee , transform autobot City ! high angle - looking down on courtyard - tracking springer and arcee starscream ( v.o. ) pathetic fool ! starscream transform and hover in robot mode , fire all around they as they ... .. dive for the switch and pull it down . ( continued ) 14 . continued : starscream there 's no escape ... uuuuh ! just then , the floor of the courtyard start transforming - - the center line of the floor snap shut like the halve of a gigantic steel shell clam , trapping starscream 's foot . starscream agggggggh ! my foot ! angle on springer and arcee as they make it through a archway which transform into a steel shield as they run through on starscream - he foot still caught in " clam " of courtyard he struggle to get free before he be crunch by the still transform city . in the nick of time , he shoot a " shoe horn " like projection from he wrist and pull he boot free , then ... ... dodge away . ... the " clam " shape retract completely and more armored shield slide into place to cover where the courtyard be . he wince in mid-air and fly away as the city continue to transform to a fortress below . CUT to : another angle - the transforming CITY the tower and building of the city , picot and retract .. ... withdraw like periscope , turn and vanish into steel shield covering . on megatron as he fly over scene , blasting this way and that , shouting megatron breach they defense ! on insecticon who be trail megatron , attack the fast close CITY , try to gnaw and devour they way through the port and bridge lead inside . kickback ( chew on jamb of doorway near bridge ) delicious , eh shrapnel ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : shrapnel ( chewing on draw - bridge to City ) a little heavy on the electron . electron . zoom up to : kup , hot rod and daniel as kup and hot Rod be racing down mountain toward the transform city 's drawbridge . kup ( v.o. ) the insecticon be in we way . hot rod ( v.o. ) wrong ! they be we way in ! yaaaaaaay - hah ! another angle hot Rod speed up , pass kup and ... ... ride up and over kickback 's back , use it like a stunt driver 's ramp to ... ... hurtle across the open space between kickback and the doorway into the city . on shrapnel as shrapnel look up and react ... ... kup hurtle up and over kickback 's back just as kickback be start to rise to see what knock he face down onto the bridge in the first place . ... kup go sailing ot over OPEN space between kickback 's back and the doorway into the city - - clobber shrapnel , who be in the way and landing on the city doorstep , drive in as ... the doorway transform , shutting down with metal shield with a " clank " sound as kickback and shrapnel both leap at be to ... ... bite kup and hot Rod and instead break there teeth on steel door , fall face down with a grunt as last bit of CITY transform . CUT to : 16 . int . CITY side of drawbridge as kup and hot Rod roll in and transform where ultra magnus be wait for they with perceptor . other autobot be move into battle station in the b.g. and alarm SOUND . Daniel look on in awe . ultra magnus ( sternly ) you can explain you security violation later , hot Rod ! now , man you battle station . hot rod I do not have to explain my so call violation to you or anyone ... kup ( tug he along roughly ) he say " later ! " kup move off with hot Rod and Daniel . CUT to : blaster on fortified " crow nest " lookout tower the " crow nest " have window all around and blaster 's seat rotate so he can watch action and broadcast battle report like a top 40 deejay . perceptor climb up ladder into " crow nest " from lower level . as blaster speak , we see decepticon firing at the window of the crow nest but the burst explode harmlessly against the glass blaster lookout and shout ! yow ! explosion rock the crow nest . blaster swivel around and tilt to see ... blaster' Pov - insecticon chew on armor plate at the lower edge of the fortify , transformed city . blaster activate turret type laser cannon blaster gonna lay some slug on that overweight bug ! ( fire laser cannon ) ( continued ) 17 . continued : cannon swivel laser blast cook out and we follow it off screen to ... the insecticon as a laser blast hurl bombshell up and out of sight and cause shrapnel and kickback to get suck into the vacuum . blaster perceptor join he . blaster ( joyful at he direct hit ) I be talkin ' hit here , autobuddy ! Hit with a capital " aitch " like in hard , heavy and ... ( see perceptor ) hey , perceptor , what 's shakin ' other than this fortress ? blast of enemy fire continue to rock the crow nest as perceptor answer perceptor blaster , ultra magnus send order to contact optimus Prime for reinforcement . blaster alright ! cover you receptor , perceptor ! blaster transform to ghetto blaster mode and broadcast visible wave ... the wave rise and expand into space blaster optimus Prime ... do you read I ? the decepticon be blit autobot City . we be really takin ' a pound . do not know how much longer we can hold out . on wave spread through space CUT to : megatron leading assault on transformed autobot CITY he be firing at armore door , try to melt through when he react to SOUND of blaster 's broadcast for help , stop , and look up at crow nest . ( continued ) 18 . continued : megatron soundwave ! jam that transmission . on soundwave soundwave move forward and start heaving cassettes upwards toward blaster 's crow nest position . soundwave rumble ! frenzy ! ravage ! ratbat ! eject ! operation : interference . on cassettes as they transform and attack the crow nest . on rumble as he start pile driver motion on crow nest window rumble first we crack the shell . then we crack the nut inside . inside crow nest as blaster and perceptor see rumble and other and react . blaster stop broadcasting . blaster we get cassette critter knockin ' on the window ! on rumble as he crack through glass and he and other swarm in and attack perceptor who try to beat they away perceptor run , blaster ! save yourself ! blaster no way . two can play ! on blaster as he spew out cassettes which transform into cubbie , a lion , stripe , a tiger , stinger , a scorpion and bolt , a small , tough robot . blaster sic them ! ( continued ) 19 . continued : on rumble as cubbie take he down by the foot , turn he over and over on stripe as he snap at ratbat who scream and dart , try to escape as we move to stinger and bolt as bolt swat frenzy into stinger who jab stinger into frenzy make he yowl and run . perceptor and blaster as they fight decepticon . perceptor you think you get through to Prime ? blaster let 's hope so ! Cause if I do not we be gonna look like burnt out toaster oven ! CUT to : long shot - autobot CITY besieged the city show gap , dent , smoking hole and decepticon continue to pump fire into it and get back sporadic return fire from inside as ... ... megatron move into shot and fill the screen megatron constructicon merge for the kill ! in " pillbox " like gun emplacement in city's armore wall where springer and arcee clear the twisted remain of autobot defender away from a catapult like torpedo launcher . Pov - through launcher port we see the mountain where the decepticon be get ready for the final charge . springer great ! megatron 's make he big push and we can not even push ... ( struggle to turn catapult around to re-aim it ) ... back ! ( continued ) 20 . continued : arcee start to push beside he . the huge catapult move slowly as we change angle and kup , hot Rod and Daniel enter shot . kup keep at it , springer , lad ! help 's at hand ! ( to hot Rod ) together now ! hot Rod join the other in push the huge catapult into fire position . daniel also lean against it , he small leg churn . the catapult start move easily now . on arcee beside hot rod push on the bust catapult . arcee ( push , manage to speak to hot Rod . she like he but do not want to go too far ) I be afraid you would be trap outside the city wall . hot rod ( like she , too , but try to be cool and collect ) hey , I be not worried for a micro-second , arcee ! arcee ( enjoy let he have it ) then you probably do not understand the situation . before hot Rod can react , kup step back from reposition catapult kup that do it ! daniel at launcher port ( open in " pillbox " through which the catapult will fire ) ( continued ) 21 . continued : daniel kup , hot Rod ! look ! ( he point ) there p.o.v . - the constructicon as they start link themselves together into enormous devastator . kup ( v.o. ) devastator ! on devastator as he rise up and start firing , hammering , tearing away at metal shield which create armored wall of the transformed City . widen shot to include megatron , starscream , dirge , ET , al . as they line up behind devastator , firing into the CITY , ready to follow devastator inside when he have tear the " roof " off . on springer , arcee , hot rod , kup at catapult as springer load torpedoe onto catapult like sling springer I get better thing to do today than die . ( he fire catapult ) angle on catapult as it hurl flaming torpedo bomb one after the other out the launch port and we follow they to megatron and other decepticon wait for devastator to open the way as a succession of torpedo- bomb explode , knock they aside , some of the torpedo -bomb strike ... devastator and explode harmlessly as devastator continue to grunt and tear off armored layer of the city . he grab hot Rod and kup and start to crush they . arcee hot Rod ! CUT to : 22 . ext . the edge of the earthas atmosphere as optimus Prime 's Space shuttle hurtle in . inside the space shuttle - optimus prime with dinobot optimus prime dinobots . destroy devastator ! grimlock uhhhh ! I grimlock love challenge ! dinobots , transform ! dinobot transform into humanoid mode , and , with grimlock at the front ... ... fly out of the shuttle in wedge formation , blast in unison . follow dinobot in as they transform again and , in dino mode , swoop over to devastator ... devastator roar towards the dinobots . there battle shake the Earth ... ... buckle City wall , menace the autobot inside . hot Rod and kup be release during the struggle . angle on the dinobot as they try to destroy devastator ... ... they strength be more than match and soon they be overwhelm by he . CUT to : ext . the battlefield - moment later Prime stand outside the dent shuttle with sunstreaker and hound . as he talk he shoot at a swarm of decepticon who battle they way towards he . prime megatron must be stop . ( pause ) 23 . prime's Pov - megatron the decepticon leader stand a hundred yard away , vanish and reappearing with the shifting wave of generic decepticon that charge back and forth . prime ( v.o. ) no matter the cost . prime's charge : a series of shot prime's charge - heroic battle theme song optimus Prime leader and hero of the autobot charge into certain doom . as he battle he way through the decepticon , we hear a inspiring anthem of courage , strength and triumph , like " Eye of the Tiger " . this theme will reprise during the film when the autobot be battle at impossible odd . he charge headlong into the decepticon force which separate he from megatron . decepticon fire on he , but he take the shot , and ... spin and whirling like the sundance kid , he take a lot out . then , decepticon attempt to block he charge and Prime ... ... like a powerback , transform to truck mode and barrel into they , send decepticon fly around like shard of glass hit by a .45 . ... finally , he be engulf by a income swarm , and it look like he attack be foil . megatron as he command he troops . megatron they defense be break . let the slaughter begin . then he turn and see ... megatron Prime !? prime smash through a wall of lesser decepticon . prime one shall stand , one shall fall . close on megatron he eye blaze with hatred . megatron why throw away you life so recklessly ? 24 . on optimus prime dirge take a sneaky leap at he ... optimus stiffarm he with a shudder clank ... ... then turn he upside down with one hand and ... ... drive he headfirst into the rocky ground , let he crumple and fall . optimus prime that 's a question you should ask yourself . megatron hurl himself at optimus Prime ... .... both tumble into the wall of the City ... ... dent the wall and cause the electronic panel inside to short circuit , surround they with a fiery nimbus of crackle electrical energy . ultra magnus in car carrier mode barrel out of city carry several autobot . he and the other transform into robot mode and fire laser at the decepticon . intercut to hot rod , kup , daniel , arcee , blaster , perceptor , fight they way to the battle of the titan . hot rod we have get to save Prime ! punch ... kup that 's he fight , lad ! stay away . shoot .. ... and charge . angle on optimus and megatron megatron attempt to kick Prime in the throat ... ... Prime catch he foot , twist it ... ... and hurl megatron backwards into a metal pile . megatron grab a jag , spearlike piece of steel and hurl it at prime the steel " spear " pierce he side and stick in he as ... ... he charge megatron , ... dodging shot from megatron 's gun to ... ... deliver a huge uppercut which ... ... lift megatron into the air so high that ... ... ( more ) ( continued ) 25 . continued : prime ( cont 'd ) he head butt sharply against overhange concrete balcony , mash he down ... megatron land and stealthily slip a laser dagger from he boot , turn and slashing at ... prime as he come for he , tear ... ... a gash across Prime 's midsection , which spew smoke and spark and ... ... drop Prime to one knee . megatron ( gloat ) farewell , Prime ! as megatron hurl the laser dagger as we change angle to - optimus prime as he lift chunks of break concrete and catch the laser dagger on it , toss it aside as he lunge at - megatron who claw he finger and dig they into Prime 's eye megatron I will rip out you optic ! optimus grab megatron 's claw hand in one of he hand , twist it in see-saw test of strength which ... optimus win in a judo toss which send megatron - - skid face first through steel rubble , in a shower of spark until he crash into the side of the city . angle on hot rod he dispatch a decepticon and turn to Prime . hot rod that 's show he , optimus ! kup knock two decepticon on they tail and turn . kup finish he off , Prime ! do it now ! ( continued ) 26 . continued : on megatron as he spot a gun on the ground ahead of he megatron no more , optimus Prime ! grant I mercy , I beg of you ! another angle featuring optimus prime and hot rod as optimus Prime warily move out to look down at the cower megatron , keep he in he gun sight . optimus prime you who be without mercy now plead for it . I think you be make of sterner stuff , megatron ! on hot rod as he see megatron go for the gun and leap out to grapple with he prime out of the way , hot Rod . megatron and hot rod as hot Rod grab for the blaster - - megatron quickly get hot Rod in a headlock and use hot Rod as a shield , get the gun and ... blast prime in the wound he'd made with he laser dagger on optimus prime he midsection now glow and smoking , a huge hole where the blaster have strike . on megatron fire blaster again and again megatron fall ! fall ! megatron toss hot Rod aside like a rag doll and stand above the die Prime . megatron I would have wait a eternity for this . crawl , slave ! on you knee ! 27 . on optimus prime as he gather he remain strength and smashes megatron with both fist clasped together . optimus prime ( gasp painfully ) never ! he bashes in megatron 's torso case , fracture the side which split , spilling wire , fuse , light , circuitry . megatron fall ! Prime fall to he knee , try to rise , collapse to he side and fall slowly back . hot rod run over to he . hot rod optimus ! forgive I ! another angle - megatron starscream and other decepticon stand over the smoking body . starscream ( sarcastic , fill with false sympathy ) how do you feel , mighty megatron ? ( he kick megatron ) megatron ( weakly clutching at starscream 's hand , gasp ) enshrine I ! starscream ( drop megatron 's hand coldly , call to other decepticon ) take this scrap to cybertron ! astrotrain , transform and get we out of here ! another angle - astrotrain as he move onto scene in humanoid mode , show battle burn and scar . then , he convert to train mode , and roll through a crowd of generic decepticon , crush many under he wheel , as he make he way towards starscream . angle on the exodus ramjet , thrust , dirge , the constructicon , soundwave and he cassettes , et.al. run towards astrotrain . 28 . angle on kup and arcee they fight for a moment , then they notice they attacker be beat foot ... arcee the decepticon be retreate . kup Prime do it . he turn the tide ! he shoot ( o.s. ) into ... a crowd of decepticon who fight each other for a place on the shuttle . angle on starscream drag megatron by one leg , callously disregard the way megatron 's head and upper body bump and get knocked from drag . the autobot fire after they , close rank on the shuttle , and pour shot into the melee . angle on astrotrain decepticon make way for starscream as he toss the nearly lifeless megatron into the shuttle and get in . then , stand at the door , he kick other decepticon away . starscream astrotrain , take off . angle on astrotrain the shuttle take off , leave a number of generic decepticon behind , who immediately raise they hand upon realize that they be surround by autobot . dissolve to : optimus prime as he lie on a improvise bier - like platform , a profusion of electricity discharge tube and " plasma " bottle device hook up to he arm and into he gape middle wound . ( continued ) 29 . continued : scanner emit bleep and show oscilloscopic pattern but sound and wave pattern be steadily grow weaker and weaker . perceptor be bent over Prime , in microscope mode , examine he ... he then transform and straighten up , he voice strain and crack with emotion . perceptor I fear the wound be ... ( he can not finish what he 's go to say ) intercut to hot rod , kup , arcee , daniel and other autobot as they react . optimus prime ( use remain strength to make himself hear ) autobot ... do not grieve ... soon , I shall be one with the matrix . hot rod ( a flash of hope ) Prime ! ( look off at Prime ) he p.o.v . - optimus prime his head be turn so all assemble can see . his eye flicker weakly , he voice rumble with overtone of vast weariness and resignation optimus prime ( reach up with right hand with great effort ) ultra magnus ! it be to you , old friend , I shall pass the matrix as it be pass to I .... another angle featuring ultra magnus as he step forward unwillingly , mix grief and surprise on he face magnus Prime , I be just a soldier . I be not worthy . ( continued ) 30 . continued : optimus prime ( gasp ) nor be I , but one day , a autobot shall rise from we rank and use the power of the matrix to light we darkest hour . tight shot - ultra magnus and optimus prime optimus Prime be tilt into half sit position by other autobot manipulate the platform as ultra magnus grasp he hand with great emotion optimus prime ( voice fail , press on with it ) until that day ... until all be one ... continue the struggle ... ( sag , gasp , hang on ) transfer the matrix of Leadership . tighten shot on ultra magnus and optimus prime a distraught ultra magnus nod , reach out with free hand and point he forefinger at optimus Prime 's chest . then , press a button on Prime 's chest , a small , secret doorway open , and we see something extremely bright glow in there . ultra magnus , nearly blind by the intense light , reach in , and lift out -- the autobot leadership matrix , -- and hold it for a moment in he hand . angle on all the bright light , which emanate from the perfect crystal , seem to blind everybody and wash all color out of the shot . then , slowly , ultra magnus move it into he own chest , close the door , and the light be go , save for a momentary , and extremely powerful glow from he eye . on kup , hot rod , arcee and perceptor they be all full of great sorrow . on prime - he die all of he light go out , include he eye . dissolve to : 31 . unicron rotating satellite dish on the surface spark with electricity . dissolve inside unicron to reveal scene of Prime 's death and the pass of the matrix to ultra magnus play on various monitor . some of the scene be in slow motion , other be sped up . the effect should be eerie . CUT to : ext . astrotrain as it whizze through the solar system . astrotrain jettison some weight , or I will never make it to cybertron . int . astrotrain the ship be pack with live , dead and wounded decepticon . starscream address they like a athenian orator . starscream fellow decepticon , astrotrain have request that we lighten we burden ! angle on bonecrusher bonecrusher in that case , I say it 's survival of the fittest . starscream so I hear a second on that ? assorted shot healthy decepticon aye ! starscream and against ? not healthy decepticon ( weakly ) nay ! starscream the aye ' have it ! a robotic hand flip a switch , and chaos ensue . strong decepticon start heave-hoing the weaker one out into space . 32 . decepticon ( ad lib ) beat it ! spare I ! angle on starscream and megatron starscream pick he up and hold he up by the door . starscream ( sarcastic ) oh , how it grieve I to do this . megatron wait , I still function ! starscream kick he out . starscream wanna bet ? megatron in space - tracking he shake he fist . int . the ship the last of the weak decepticon be toss , and the other dust off they hand . starscream well , as megatron have , how shall we say - depart . I nominate myself as the new leader . on the constructicon scrapper the constructicon form devastator , the most powerful robot . we should rule . soundwave constructicon inferior . soundwave superior . bonecrusher who be you call inferior . hook nobody would follow a uncharismatic bore like you . ( continued ) 33 . continued : the five cassettes : buzzsaw , frenzy , rumble , ravage and laserbeak pop from he chest transform , and prepare to attack . rumble hey , nobody call soundwave uncrazmatic . frenzy yeah ! let 's kick tailgate . the constructicon try to form devastator , but ... hook constructicon , unite ! rumble and frenzy quake the ship so hard with they pile - driver arm that , with the help of laserbeak , buzzsaw and ravage , they keep knock the constructicon off . rumble / frenzy no way ! over the battle . blitzwing I be a triple changer . I be worth any two of you . I should run thing . dirge dirge death come to anyone who cross I . he attack blitzw . ext . astrotrain - same time he be fly a very wobbly course past Pluto ... astrotrain stop squabbling or we be gonna crash . dissolve to : ext . space - later megatron and the other dent , dinge and dead decepticon body float through space . we follow the wail megatron and the other down to : 34 . the surface of unicron littering the otherwise beautiful technological expanse . unicron welcome , megatron . megatron ( look around ) who say that ? unicron I be unicron . megatron show yourself ! unicron I have summon you here for a purpose . megatron nobody summon megatron ! unicron then it please I to be the first . megatron State you business . unicron bring I the autobot matrix . it be the one thing - the only thing that can stand in my way . megatron you have nothing to fear . I have already crush optimus Prime with my bare hand . unicron you exaggerate . megatron the point be , he be dead ! and the matrix die with he . unicron no . it have be pass to they new leader . get it for I . megatron why should I ? what 's in it for I ? ( continued ) 35 . continued : unicron you bargain posture be highly dubious , but very well , I will provide you with a new body , and new troops to command . megatron and ... unicron and nothing . you belong to I now . megatron I belong to nobody . unicron perhaps I misjudge you . proceed on you way to oblivion . the mist appear and start to dissolve megatron . megatron ( plead ) no , no . I accept you term . I accept ! unicron excellent ! behold - galvatron ! x-ray image : wiring , circuitry , etc. flash on and off as a new and larger be start to form , change from dent megatron to a huge , new creation : galvatron . the transformation - creation end in a blind flash and galvatron - who still resemble megatron - laugh and flexe he muscle and stretch . his voice be deeper , different from megatron 's galvatron Long live galvatron ! unicron and this shall be you minion ... angle on other decepticon they body be turn from batter decepticon to ... ( continued ) 36 . continued : scourge scourge ( sweep character ) be bearded , fange and ferocious look and as soon as he have be create , he roar and stretch and a array of similar creature - smaller and all wear dark and match uniform - be instantly create from other behind he unicron scourge , the tracker .... and he huntsman ... the sweep .... on cyclonus ( new decepticon with plane transform ability ) cyclonus be create and then he " armada " of similar , but smaller and similarly color and clad creature be form . unicron cyclonus , the warrior ... and he armada ..... angle featuring galvatron galvatron to cybertron ! he roar with a mad power-rush , get into cyclonus ( who will be he personal ship ) and lead the armada , take off for the distant star . unicron ( loudly proclaim over the scene ) bring I the autobot matrix ! during unicron' command we change angle to show long shot of unicron as galvatron and he newly create force fly up and away with great speed . galvatron I will rip open autobot after autobot until it be yours , unicron . CUT to : the decepticon hall of heroe - starscream this be the close thing the decepticon have to a throne room . it be a massive , circular room with tomb of old leader , and a raise area where starscream stand . 37 . starscream and other the decepticon plane look slightly ridiculous with cloak on he shoulder and thrust and ramjet at he side , weapon hold high , but ready for action should anybody question starscream 's rule . in front of he stand astrotrain hold a huge metallic crown over he head . other decepticon in neat rank but they grim expression show they displeasure . starscream ( preen ) get on with the ceremony ! dirge and other react to eerie sound and look up and off . starscream look where other be look and react . he p.o.v . - galvatron and he force as they descend in Hall of heroes and galvatron move out to confront starscream on starscream and galvatron starscream who disrupt my coronation ? galvatron coronation ? this be bad comedy ! starscream megatron , be that you ? galvatron here 's a clue ! he p.o.v - galvatron as galvatron transform into cannon , firing a huge burst on starscream as blast hit he . for a moment , he retain he shape then piece by piece , he fall apart . only a pair of boot remain on the floor . galvatron he transform back to robot mode and confront other decepticon boastfully . galvatron will anyone else attempt to fill he shoe ? 38 . on decepticon - thrust , dirge , astrotrain , bonecrusher , ET . al . pan for they reaction as they ponder for a brief beat and then exchange look / decepticon ( ad lib ) long live ... ( they look at each other ) what do he say he name be . he do not . galvatron galvatron . decepticon long live galvatron ! CUT to : unicron bit by bit , we see new section of the planet be generate . then , the sinister mist we see at the beginning of the film start pour out . he 's about to do the big munch on .. the first moon of cybertron - push in to - jazz and cliffjumper stand outside the " netted " complex , look off at ... unicron a strange , loud hum fill the air and the ground heave and shake beneath they foot jazz where would that come from ?! cliffjumper who care ? I be more worried about where it 's go ! ( continued ) 39 . continued : jazz ( on communicator device ) talk to I , Earth ! we get a situation out here ! CUT to : autobot CITY - earth - long shot autobot City be almost rebuilt , and we see kup and hot Rod work with other autobot to move large panel into position . in the background , two huge space shuttle be almost complete and ultra magnus be direct the work . during this establishing series of shot , we hear jazz' voice over jazz ( v.o.- filter ) Roger I . wilco I . anything ? hello. hello Earth . CUT to : outside of large space shuttle under construction springer and arcee fit a hull section in place with Daniel motion to they , direct the action . blaster he react to muffle transmission from Jazz . blaster I be pickin ' up a faint signal ! blaster transform to blaster mode and Jazz 's voice be broadcast loud and clear cause springer , arcee , and Daniel to react jazz ( v.o. - on filter ) this be Jazz . I gi-normous weird lookin ' planet just show up in the suburb of cybertron .... cliffjumper and it 's attack ... static obscure the message ultra magnus Jazz ! cliffjumper ! CUT to : 40 . the first moon be cover by unicron 's energy field , and slowly seem to dissolve . another angle featuring unicron a great maw work more intensely crush bit of the planet . CUT to : jazz and cliffjumper on that moon as quake , tremor and cyclonic wind toss and tear at all structure on the moon and the energy field close in on Jazz and cliffjumper - who , use handhold every step of the way - et into a escape pod vehicle as unicron loom larger , larger , the energy field seem to dissolve the landscape . jazz get ...to .... blast free .... if we can ..... they get in and start retro blaster , the flame of blaster whirling in wild wind as moon be engulf . CUT to : cliffjumper ( v.o. ) ignition and .... sound of torrential wind , quake , etc as moon be quickly become unicron 's lunch . jazz ( v.o. ) hit it ! on escape pod as it blast off and away from unicron with a explosion . for a moment , it look like they be go to get clean away , but ... another angle suddenly it be pull deep into unicron . 41 . another angle - the moon as Moon shatter like a hollow egg and be suck completely into unicron 's maw which close around it with a snap . CUT to : galvatron in decepticon hall of heroe silence . no more wind . no more movement . galvatron how dare unicron ?! ( defiant ) cybertron and all it 's moon be mine ! another angle on galvatron his body start to twist make he writhe in pain powerless to resist scourge but remember , we belong to he ! galvatron ( gasp for breath , writhe , nod ) I .... will obey , unicron ! decepticon , to Earth ! the torture stop and galvatron clutches he throat and try to regain he composure as we ... CUT to : ext . autobot CITY -- ultra magnus he have a portable communication device . spike and bumble can be see on it . springer , kup , the dinobots , blurr , and hot Rod look on amid general gather of autobot . arcee hold Daniel up on she shoulder so he can see . blaster be in b.g . spike it 's like a terrible nightmare , ultra magnus . bumblebee this thing - this juggernaut just rip the first moon to shred . spike and it 's head this way . ( continued ) 42 . continued : bumblebee we will try and slow it down ... spike but you would better get here fast because ... suddenly , static obscure the transmission . daniel dad ! ultra magnus autobot , prepare to board the shuttle . this new menace be more dangerous than all the decepticon put together . somehow we must destroy it before it devour cybertron . daniel but what about my dad ? he 's on the moon between that monster and cybertron . ultra magnus Daniel , I will do everything I can for spike . hot rod and what be we go to do when we get there ? if that thing crunch moon , it will make short work of we . ultra magnus maybe the matrix can stop it . hot rod you be right ! it can . kup what do you know about it lad ? hot rod it 's just a feel . hot Rod look up and see something . kup look ! the autobot turn to see 43 . Pov - angle on attacking decepticon decepticon ship seem to dive from nowhere to attack the autobot . ultra magnus to the shuttle !!! angle on decepticon jets galvatron be in the lead . galvatron there be no escape . I , galvatron will crush you just as the magnificent megatron crush Prime ! ultra magnus and you will die try just like megatron ! ultra magnus fire laser and hit galvatron . galvatron aaaaaaaah ! autobot cur !! cyclonus you want I to gut ultra magnus for you ? galvatron there be plenty of autobot for you . ultra magnus be mine ! the battle - quick CUT decepticon dive on flee autobot . angle - arcee and daniel as Daniel look up and arcee move over to he protectively . hot Rod look at arcee in the same way she be look at Daniel . arcee stay close to I , Daniel ... hot rod ( to arcee ) and you better stay close to I ... arcee pull hot Rod toward she before he get hit by laser ( continued ) 44 . continued : arcee no , you would better stay close to I . blurr be try to get grimlock into shuttle with the rest of the dinobots as decepticon FIRE come in all around . grimlock be like a " spook horse " refuse to be shut in the barn . blurr ( plead with he , shove he , talk very , very rapidly ) Nice dino , good , dino , sweet dino ! wo not you step into the nice spaceship for blurr ? please , pretty please . grimlock ( stick head out past struggle blurr ) I , grimlock , not " nice dino ! " I bash brain ! he p.o.v . - several decepticon jets coming at he grimlock he give FIRE breathing blast at jets as they go by strafing the shuttle , shot ricocheting around grimlock and blurr the decepticon jets as grimlock 's blast sets they all on FIRE and they spin into one another as we change angle to ultra magnus as kup , hot Rod and arcee move into scene behind he ultra magnus kup , hot Rod . get the dinobots out of here ! kup and hot rod as they run into dinobot shuttle , retract they entry ramp in 45 . hail of FIRE from scourge and he sweep . on scourge as he transform to humanoid mode and shout order , firing at blurr who blurr past and then at arcee who also ship by scourge no survivor ! in dinobot shuttle as hot Rod squeeze past sludge swoop , and slag to join kup who be already at control deck where grimlock stick he head down to look out the window . kup shove he aside . kup this remind I of the battle on Alpha 9 , when the Petro-Rabbits be ... ( annoyed ) grimlock , get you noodle out of my face ! ( start throw switch ) grimlock I , grimlock , love kup 's war storey ! kup you be live one now ! ( to hot Rod ) engage the booster for cybertron 's sake ! hot Rod nod and quickly pass he hand over bank of switch all of which glow and pulse with the action . another angle as decepticon fireball come up and splatter against window , send tongue of fire run across the glass behind hot Rod 's head hot rod you get them ! back to kup and grimlock grimlock still try to stick he face in the control panel as kup work furiously and more decepticon FIRE hit the ship grimlock ( to kup ) tell grimlock about Petro-Rabbits again . ( continued ) 46 . continued : kup ( mutter , use joystick ) I will give you Petro-Rabbits . contact ! the shuttle lurch and shake angle on shuttle with dinobot it take off amidst a hail of decepticon fire . hot rod ( v.o. ) yaaaaaaaaho ! we be airborne ! grimlock ( v.o. ) groooooowwwwwrrrr ! on cyclonus and he " wing " of plane as they bank down toward rising shuttle far below . cyclonus vaporize they ! jet streak down toward upward rise shuttle as we CUT to : another part of shuttle launch area springer spring onto scene with Daniel , ultra magnus and perceptor be guard the entry ramp , fire at decepticon . springer ( to Daniel ) look like we be shipmate , squirt ! daniel all right ! springer but if you get space sick , you be gonna walk home . another angle featuring ultra magnus and perceptor ultra magnus hurry ! blurr blur up ramp . arcee reach the ramp as the shuttle take off horizontally . on board the shuttle - angle on springer as he reach down for arcee . ( continued ) 47 . continued : springer jump . on arcee still go up the ramp while the shuttle slowly leave the ground . just as the wind and gravity be about to knock she off , she jump up and ... inside the shuttle springer grab she hand and pull she in , narrowly avoid a barrage Daniel be watch , terrify . daniel that be close ! concussion of decepticon hit rock the shuttle springer believe it or not , this be the fun part . in " cockpit " of ultra magnus ' shuttle ultra magnus be at control deck with perceptor as they " taxi " for launch and we see oncoming decepticon jet fire at they ultra magnus no time to preheat .... can this ship take it ? perceptor with a accelerate ignition procedure the ceramic housing might create a magnetic flux . ultra magnus ( baffle ) what ? springer ( entering shot , reach in and push joystick forward ) he say " go for it ! " powerful rocket ignite , and the shuttle shake with the sound . angle on runway the shuttle 's rocket surge , melting the pursue sweep as the shuttle hit the sky and soar upwards . 48 . on dinobot shuttle cyclonus ' jet fire on it , as we change angle on ultra magnus ' shuttle it roar up behind cyclonus ' jet and overtake and smashes through they , scatter they as it pull up alongside the dinobot shuttle int . dinobot shuttle - kup and hot rod in " cockpit " grimlock be peer out of the side port . hot rod give the thumb up gesture . another angle including ultra magnus ' shuttle through side port as springer give thumb up signal in return and Daniel wave on springer as he turn and react , look straight up and ahead springer it ought to be smooth sailin ' from here on in . on astrotrain and decepticon jets astrotrain fuse they ! astrotrain start diving into upcoming shuttle blasting away . int . dinobot shuttle - " cockpit " as kup struggle to hold control , he shuttle also rocking from direct hit kup ( use intercom ) ultra magnus ... what next ? int . ultra magnus ' shuttle - " cockpit " shuttle rock with direct hit as ultra magnus struggle with control ultra magnus remember what we do off beta four ! ( continued ) 49 . continued : kup I remember it well . on the shuttle they fire ( o.s. ) at ... a large asteroid with incredible precision , the ray strike the asteroid , split it in two part . angle on one of the asteroid halve it shoot through space and strike another asteroid , which , break into several piece , many of they angle back towards ... galvatron' ship which swerve to avoid they as .... the other asteroid part Hit another moon or asteroid or general rock in space , do the same thing ... widen shot to show that the piece be shoot around like pool ball after a incredibly violent break ... ... zing into each other ... .... narrowly miss galvatron 's ship ... ... fill space with incredible amount of Dust , lava from inside the moon , multi-color gass , explosion and generally make a mess of space . ( note : think of this scene as the " asteroid " video game . ) angle on the autobot shuttle as all of this be go on , they jam into hyperspace ... ... corkscrewe and arcing off into the galaxy , leave only blurred image of themselves as ... galvatron' ship emerge from the chaos . on cyclonus cyclonus the explosion jamme my sensor . ( pause ) I have lose track of the autobot ! 50 . on galvatron galvatron damn it !! they do the same thing to I off beta four ! dissolve to : deep and serene space - ultra magnus ' shuttle and dinobot shuttle possible song - optimistic adventure with the suggestion that all dream might not happen . as both shuttle soar majestically through the vast depth of infinite space . ultra magnus ( v.o. ) congratulation autobot , we have lose them at least for a while . so rest up . we will refuel on the junk Planet and work out we battle plan there . int . dinobot shuttle - kup kup sit spin yarn , lean back in chair as grimlock , sludge , slag and swoop lie , lounge , sit with chin on hand , all listen like little kid to a bedtime story - in rapt attention kup yep , I remember the dust be so thick off beta 4 have to use windshield wiper on you optic sensor .... grimlock ( impatiently ) I , grimlock , know all about wiper ! want to hear good part of story ! swoop ( beat wing rapidly , excitedly ) good part , kup ! tell swoop good part ! sludge slag ( excitedly ) ( beat tail on unh unh unh .... floor ) good part ... tell ... tell ... ( continued ) 51 . continued : kup okay , okay . the dust be really thick and then this gigantic ick yak ... on hot rod he be practice sparring with a spinning auto - combatant - a very high tech quintain with many arm , leg , and weapon that test the user 's skill , and reflex . hot Rod wear sparring gauntlet , and hold a small laser dagger and special shield . as he lower shield and react to dinobot reaction to kup 's story . hot rod do not you think we have better thing to do now than tell storey kup ? kup like what ? hot rod like maybe figure out how we be gonna stay alive . dinobot ( all shush he ) as he be speak , auto-combatant " see " its open and give hot Rod a swift kick in the rear , send he fly ( o.s . ) the auto combatant then hammer its fist on top of he head ... on hot rod irked . hot rod ( continue ) time out , for cybertron 's sake ! on auto -combatant's face as it stick out a metal tongue and give he a loud raspberry back to scene as hot Rod rise and draw he fist back to clobber the Auto - combatant ( continued ) 52 . continued : auto combatant ( mechanically , quickly ) time out , time out , time out ! suddenly , the shuttle rock from impact and SPARKS and flame shoot out of large hole in wall on ultra magnus at console intercom ultra magnus kup ! raise you force field at once ! they be armed with ..... on galvatron on " bridge " of flat top as he press fire button ... ultra magnus ( v.o. ) moleculon missile ! angle on galvatron' carrier particularly deadly look missile shoot out . angle on the dinobot shuttle it zoom towards a whopper of a planet , surround by several small moon . we will later learn that this planet be quintesson , but for now , it 's mysterious . the moleculon missile streak after it like sidewinder . int . the dinobot shuttle kup and hot Rod pilot the thing for all it 's worth . hot rod they be close on we ! kup yep , like the shrikebat of dromedon ! hot rod yeah , how would you beat they ? kup I be try to remember ... there be a awful lot of casualty that day ... angle on the shuttle and missile the missile streak toward they . ( continued ) 53 . continued : kup ( o.s. ) oh yeah , we inverse polarity . hot rod ( o.s. ) that will tear the ship apart ! kup ( o.s. ) you get a better idea ?!! with that , the ship seem to stop , on a dime , in mid air ! the missile zoom past it . int . the ship ( kup and hot rod ) hot Rod watch wide -ey , as kup watch ahead warily , hand on the control . hot rod okay , so you be right . kup do not run you program until they be debugge . angle out the viewscreen suddenly , the moleculon missile , reverse course and start come back . hot rod they be come back . kup let 's just hope we have screw up they trajectory . angle on the missile the missile sidewind towards they , then they path cross and booom ! everything flash white . angle on the dinobot shuttle hot rod whew !!! int . the dinobot shuttle kup and hot Rod look forward , they eye , blink , as if strain . ( continued ) 54 . continued : kup yep , I think we would have it that time for sure . ext . angle on the ship it sit next to a gigantic alien -made moon . suddenly , a hatch open and a massive grabber that look like a lobster claw shoot out at it . angle on hot rod he see the claw come out of the viewscreen . hot rod dive ! angle through the viewscreen the claw snap on the front of the ship , smash the window and ... another angle crush the area between hot Rod and kup . space - angle on the ship as it explode , fling the autobot inside down toward the quintesson 's planet . CUT to : galvatron pursuing ultra magnus ' shuttle CUT to : int . ultra magnus ' shuttle - ultra magnus , springer as they man control panel in cockpit . in the background , blurr and arcee work to patch other hole in hull and Daniel help they . perceptor slowly plot coordinate on light - up table , oblivious to shake and rocking of they ship . springer kup and hot Rod just buy it ! ultra magnus I can not deal with that now . ( continued ) 55 . continued : springer face it , magnus , the decepticon be gonna dog we until they see we dead ! ultra magnus nod solemnly ultra magnus ( cryptic ) then that 's exactly what they be gonna see . CUT to : the decepticon flat top and cyclonus ' armada on galvatron as he work control which eject more moleculon missile . he p.o.v . - ultra magnus ' shuttle electrical outline envelope it and there be a ... ... blind flash after which ... .. remnant of the hull and superstructure explode toward camera and past camera accompany by explosive sound and then , silence ! ... where the shuttle have be there be now ... nothing ! just loose asteroid and cloud of space dust cyclonus the autobot have be terminate ! galvatron excellent . and soon we shall say the same of that infernal unicron . suddenly , galvatron 's body begin to twist , and he writhes in pain . galvatron ( cont ) aaaah ! take I to unicron ... aaaah ! long shot on the huge flat top as it veer off and away from the space cloud , follow by cyclonus ' Armada . hold for a beat , and then close in on the dust cloud as ... ... part of ultra magnus ' shuttle fly into the clear . angle on the cockpit arcee , perceptor , springer , blurr be crowded together in cramped remnant of cockpit as Daniel and ultra magnus sit at the control deck ( continued ) 56 . continued : arcee do we have to detonate three - quarter of the ship ?! springer see how they would have detonate four quarter , I think it be a good choice . sudden shudder and the ship drop sharply , all hold on to each other and to any protrude handhold ultra magnus perceptor .... can you still locate the junk Planet ? perceptor gamma wave in this sector of space create marginal navigation probability , however ..... ( look at ultra magnus ) ultra magnus hold he head in he hand as springer grimace resume on perceptor realize he 's overdo it again , clear he throat perceptor ahem ..... yes I think I can . long shot - shuttle changing course toward large distant planet which we see as dim shadow on the edge of space CUT to : a small , fall object appear high above quintesson and hurtle down , down , over and over until it be in view and we see it be ... hot rod still cartwheel down toward the planet below , try to change the angle of he fall hot rod - tracking he plummet down through layer of atmosphere and continue to fall past shiny rock pinnacle of unusual construction as we 57 . change angle to aerial view over a vast sea of liquid ENERGY as hot Rod fall into the sea , we CUT to the silvery ENERGY sea hot Rod sink to the bottom where he collide with ... ... a metallic reef , bounce , manage to right himself , shaking he head as he regains equilibrium , and ... then he transform into auto mode modify for undersea action and start riding off as he call through intercom . hot rod ( bubbling , filter voice ) kup .... grimlock ? slag !.... anybody ? we follow he through undersea world as he round a " corner " of the reef Wall and react he p.o.v . - a huge , mechanical 0 squid creature the robotoid squid be tear kup to piece and toss the piece across the ocean floor with its silvery metal tentacles on hot rod hot rod kup ! he transform and blast ... the squid angrily streak toward hot Rod . hot rod fire at the squid , but not stop he . another angle hot Rod 's shot plink off a couple of tentacles , but the squid keep come ... ... wrap he tentacles around hot Rod and start crush ... ... hot Rod look like he 's about to be crush , but he ... ... shoot ... its hideous optical sensor . the squid release a laser print ink stream which boil out in the water in a series of dot and " x " shape and retreat . hot rod do not worry , I be not come after you . ( continued ) 58 . continued : hot rod lower he head and blow blast of air through head - piece . the air blast clear the water , revealing kup 's head and torso half bury in the " sand " on hot rod and kup' head as hot Rod kneel hot rod kup ! say something ! close on kup' head as he turn head around to look up at hot Rod and spit out a mouthful of sand kup ( bubbling as he speak ) fix I ! hot rod sure , kup .... right away ! hot Rod rapidly pull kup' scatter body part together . CUT to : kup and hot rod on the red desert shore of the ENERGY sea kup stand impatiently while hot Rod reassemble they . hot rod well ... what do you think ? kup feel he elbow joint , twist he neck side to side and get creak and squeak and move leg in odd , creaky way as he be try himself out . kup ( a beat , then grimace ) there 's a piece miss . hot rod no way .... ( sift through pile of scrap metal part lie at kup 's foot ) see , this be not yours ... it 's some kind of prehistoric ion cruncher .... and this doohickey look like a funky energon funnel ... and this ... ( continued ) 59 . continued : kup ( move up and back , bend arm and hand , creaking , clunking , squeaking ) well , I still think I be short a part ! ( see hot Rod hang he head ) but all thing consider , you do a amazing job , lad ! amazing ! hot rod ( brighten ) really ? kup ( rotate arm rapidly ) yeah , you even get rid of a nasty burr on my rotator ! now , let 's find the dino and get off this twisted planet ! on kup as he transform it 's evident that a fender be misplace and a wheel mount improperly so it wobble and he ride unevenly with much chugge and oil spew kup ( v.o. ) ( in vehicular mode ) of all the circuit glitch diode blowin ' dim-wittery ... I tell you a part be missin ' . we watch hot Rod and kup move off into the distance as we : dissolve to : another part of quintesson kup and hot Rod walk along a swampy , marshy area . suddenly , there be several loud gurgle , and we can see the shape of something terrible emerge through the muck . hot Rod spin to fire , but kup bat down he arm . pan to show EIGHT sharkticon ( in humanoid mode ) surround they . the sharkticon be smaller than the autobot , but they look ugly and vicious . kup do not act hostile . I will use the universal greeting . ( continued ) 60 . continued : hot rod universal greeting . kup watch . I will have they eat out of my hand . hot rod or we face . kup hold out he hand to show that he have no weapon . then , he address they ... kup bah-weep -graaaaagnah wheep no no bong ... hot rod ( mock , mimick ) bah-weep -graaaaagnah wheep no no bong ... the sharkticon look interested . sharkticon ( growl version of the same thing ) kup see , the universal greeting work every time . ( pause ) now , without make any sudden move , give they a energon goody . kup reach into he belt , press a button and pull out a energon cube . hot Rod , somewhat suspicious of the whole process do the come . they hold out the cube and two of the sharkticon take the energon cube , like dog get a treat . then , the other six show up look for cube . hot rod this be get expensive . kup do not worry , they will reciprocate . they each hand out three energon goody to the remain six sharkticon ... the sharkticon eat they happily . then , they back off , eyeing the two autobot with menace . ( continued ) 61 . continued : hot rod I think they be suppose to reciprocate . kup ( not sure of himself ) custom vary from place to place . suddenly , the sharkticon transform to they vicious mode and lunge at they . the two robot , take by surprise , fall backwards . pan from the fall robot to a area behind a tree . for just a moment , we see a small yellow autobot in robot mode . there , then , as quickly as we realize what it be , it transform into automode and vanish in a flash . it be wheelie . the sharkticon camp on quintesson - kup , hot rod and sharkticon sharkticon march kup and hot Rod into a holding pen within a wall compound . as we follow they into pen we pull back and pan to establish that entry procession be be watch by ... the quintesson slender , spindly frame robotic creature with oversize five sided head , each side bear a different mechanistic face with a different expression on each - smile , angry , grimace , suspicious and the fifth face be not yet to be see . as hot Rod and kup be lead to certain death in the quintesson dungeon , harsh , dissonant , metallic and terrifying music play , underscore the brutal evil they face , kup ( v.o. ) remind I of the niter slave mine on golgonath Seven .... hot rod every place remind you of some place else ..... kup ( v.o. ) experience , lad . you should learn to appreciate it . hot rod a lot of good it 's do we so far ! 62 . on hot rod and kup as hot Rod look around and react sharply he p.o.v .- the quintesson as we feature the leader quintesson who be taller and wear a different color robe from other . he be watch arrival of kup and hot Rod and he face rotate so it go from smile face to suspicious face to angry face to furious grimace . resume on hot rod and kup as sharkticon shove and prod they , jolting they into the hold pen and lock the gate . then , they install restraining bolt . hot rod I can not transform ! kup they be restrain bolt , lad . hot rod ( look around ) we get to get a new travel agent .... what be this place ? pan from he p.o.v . - a shadowed , alcove like hut as a figure move forward slightly and speak in a harsh , bass 'o voice . it be granix . we see he in the first scene , escape from he planet when unicron eat it . { note : the script say * g*ranix here . not my mistake . } kranix the world of the savage sharkticon and they cruel master the quintesson . they hunt down that who try to escape the wrath of unicron , and put they on trial . kup but what if they be innocent ? kranix guilty or innocent , the sentence be always the same - death ! hot rod unicron ?! who 's unicron ? ( continued ) 63 . continued : kranix a planet six time the size of this one that absorb everything in its path . kup so that 's the monster 's name . hot rod I wonder if there 's any connection between it and galvatron . suddenly , a quintesson Guard roar in ... quintesson guard ( v.o. ) that one ! all turn and look off , reacting as two Guards thunder in , grab granix and pull he back out of the door . { note : another instance of the spelling of granix } another angle - including the lead quintesson as he point at kup and hot Rod quintesson guard soon , you too shall receive you sentence . there Pov - out the window the arena kranix stand on what almost look like a wide diving board over a watery ( or oily ) pit teeming with sharkticon . lead quintesson jury , have you reach a verdict ? juror # 1 we have you honor . lead quintesson ( to jury of quintesson ) guilty ..... or innocent . I repeat . kranix spare I this mockery of justice . lead quintesson I repeat , guilty ... or innocent . juror guilty !! ( continued ) 64 . continued : jury 's face rotate to fifth expression - a death' head on granix { note : yet another , final , reference to kranix as granix} suddenly , the robot be dumped into a pit of teeming sharkticon and there be a mad frenzy . in moment , he be no more . angle on kup he watch grimly through the bar . kup not the end I would wish for , lad . dissolve to : the edge of a huge , shadowy planet in space as ultra magnus ' shuttle be buffeted by wind and storm as it enter the atmosphere of junkion . int . the shuttle as it shake and rattle violently daniel where be we , springer ? springer the place where everything end up after you throw it out . tight on blurr as he hold up hand and cross finger . resume on springer tense and crouch protectively around arcee and Daniel as we see mountain of junk whizz past the window . ultra magnus brace for impact ! on shuttle - tracking it plummet through the mountain and canyon of junk , narrowly avoid crash , but frequently hit junk pinnacle or side of junk wall , and cause avalanch of junk . by the time the ship land , it be nearly indistinguishable from the junk . 65 . int . the shuttle everyone be in a jumble tangle - ultra magnus beneath blurr , perceptor upside down and hang from tear end of stairway , arcee crouch over Daniel and springer with half he body stick through the hull springer ( pull himself free of hull wall ) remind I to give the Auto Pilot a raise ... Daniel creep out from under arcee and shake bit of break metal and dust off he shoulder daniel wow ! that be better and the roller coaster at future World ! perceptor ( work scanner , computer device , thoughtfully ) the composition of this planet seem to be a chaotic amalgam of discard ferrous and non-ferrous articulation . ultra magnus ( baffle ) how 's that ? springer ( open hull door with a ripping of metal ) he say the planet 's make of junk . springer and perceptor at OPEN door as they look out on landscape of " live " junk springer yep , this dump be a dump ...... ultra magnus as he strap on tool belt ultra magnus we might be able to salvage this thing . ( check laser drill , turn it on , off ) ultra magnus start for door follow by blurr who take up a see and tool belt and perceptor who roll up shuttle plan as Daniel move out to join they ( continued ) 66 . continued : daniel can I help , too ? springer it 's rough out there , kid . stay inside and play with crayon or something . arcee as she step forward with a smile , a strange grid like " suit " in she hand arcee I think Daniel can make himself useful with .... this ! it use to be spike 's . ( hold grid- like metal frame " suit " ) daniel wow ! dad 's exo-suit . he tell I about it but I never see it . arcee here , try it on . she start help he into the exo-suit . on daniel as he get inside the " suit " which fit over he body like a grid-work metal " cage . " Daniel clip " cage " of exo - suit shut and stand up inside the gridwork which make he taller and broad . he move awkwardly , barely able to advance a step springer just think about what you want to do before you do it ! daniel brow knitted , think . springer do not fight it dan-o . he suddenly start move rapidly backwards , then sideways , then forward , then he start dance rapidly , then bounce off wall ... .. spin upside down , then flip over several time and land in a splatter , leg spread , arm this way and that - amused , startle and unhurt . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) daniel ( continue ) it 's kind of tricky .... he suddenly flip around twice in mid-air then regains he foot and lean way over against arcee for support . she laugh and pat he shoulder arcee for the first time out , you be great ! on springer at door as he send down ramp and motion to the other curtly springer show time 's over ! we have get work to do ! ( he start out ) ext . the shuttle as springer , arcee , Daniel et.al. come down the ramp and look around at the lush " vegetation " of grow junk clump all around they and a long vista of junk mountain and spire of weathered junk -rock . daniel ( v.o. ) ( whistle ) this must be the junk capital of the universe ! long shot - daniel and the other as they start digging for part to repair the ship , sinister junkion begin to emerge from the junk to watch they . they leader , wreck - gar , speak to he fellow junkion . wreck -gar ( in guttural , rusty , metallic rumble ) stop thief ! no welcome - wagon , " hello stranger ! " that good coffee flavor other junkion yeah , or you money back ! wreck - gar show large junk gun with all sort of razor sharp fin and rusty little rocket missile mount around the howitzer like barrel ( continued ) 68 . continued : wreck -gar Operators be stand by ! they laugh in guttural , clanking sound and look out at springer and the other who keep work as we CUT to : ext . the gate to the quintesson palace at first , we see only the face of a sinister quintesson gatekeeper , back up by heavily armed sharkticon . quintesson greeting , noble stranger . angle on the dinobot they stand at the gate , look more like kid show up at you door wonder if you can come out and play , than like serious robot on a serious mission . grimlock yes , I , grimlock , noble ! I , grimlock search for friend . angle on quintesson and grimlock the quintesson , show he friendly face , smile . quintesson and who might they be ? grimlock autobot . hot Rod and kup. quintesson ( feign recognition ) oh yes . a young one and a old one . grimlock yes . you know friend . where be they ? quintesson they go down that path . he point to ... a path it probably be not line with primrose , but it should be . grimlock grimlock you good friend to grimlock . I reward you , sometime . ( continued ) 69 . continued : with that , the four dinobots head towards the " primrose path . " angle on the quintesson his head rotate and he smile a sinister , evil smile . ext . unicron galvatron stand upon the demonic planet , in a extremely contort position . galvatron why do you torture I ?! various angle on unicron we have no idea where this godly voice be come from , but this place sure be spooky . unicron you have fail . galvatron no , unicron . ultra magnus be dead . unicron then where be the matrix ? galvatron destroy , with he . unicron the matrix can not be destroy . ( pause ) and ultra magnus life on the planet of junk . stalk he . cut he open ! and bring the matrix to I . dissolve to : ext . the primrose path they step along the primrose path , not notice as sinister thing start to happen all around they . angle on a metal eating plant this thing look like a metal version of a " venus fly trap , " and it have a malevolent red eye which light up . swoop walk past it in humanoid mode . 70 . SNAP ! it miss he by a inch . grimlock I grimlock , positive hot Rod and kup close ! get thump , thump , thump ... ( tap he head hard ) angle on the ground - in front of slag suddenly , a section of stone drop away in front of slag revealing a spike pit ... slag I , slag say you be full of beryllium balony . he be just about to fall in when ... angle on grimlock and slag grimlock , in dino mode , slap he with he tail , knock he away a instant before he step into the hole ... grimlock I , grimlock , say you full of cesium salami ! slag get up ... slag beryllium balony ! grimlock argh ! angle on grimlock he be about to pounce on slag when a massive tree , which be actually more like a sword , suddenly be spring and arc toward he . the machete like blade strike the ground , between grimlock and slag narrowly miss they . he turn and see the thing stock in the ground . grimlock I , grimlock think tree here be cheap model . slag like you head ! ( laugh at own joke ) grimlock jump on slag and wrestle he to the ground . suddenly , a squeaky , oddly childish voice speak from o.s . ( continued ) 71 . continued : squeaky voice ( wheelie ) Friends find . look behind . grimlock ( furious ) who say that ? he p.o.v . - wheelie wheelie be the Wolf Boy of quintesson - a autobot who 's be evade the sharkticon since he parent ' ship crash , kill everybody else in he party . he wear a necklace of sharkticon tooth , pack a three blade laser knife and a special sling which hurl FIRE stone . he fear nothing , especially the dinobots , and he cockily strut into the clear ... ... walk right up sludge 's tail onto sludge 's back and then shinny up he neck and jump onto ... ... slag 's head where he stand eye to eye with grimlock wheelie Friends find . look behind . many face lie . you fool ! you buy ! grimlock and wheelie grimlock ( eye blaze , furious ) I , grimlock , " fool ? " wheelie ( smile breezily ) picture you get . now fool you not ! ( he laugh in a wild , metallic cackle ) grimlock raise a claw to swipe wheelie off slag 's head grimlock I , grimlock , no like you ! on wheelie as he scowl and quickly load firestone in sling and sling it onto grimlock 's nose where it explode make grimlock yowl and pull back , feel he reddene nose and speak through he nose angrily grimlock ( continue ) doooooooow ! why boy hit by dose ? ( continued ) 72 . continued : wheelie ( fold arm across he chest ) wheelie say , find friend today ! ( nod defiantly ) grimlock and slag react as we CUT to : the quintesson " courtroom " kup and hot Rod stand on the platform over the sharkticon pit . they be " bound " by restrain bolt . angle on the quintesson judge quintesson judge before we deliver you verdict , would you like to beg for you life ? angle on kup and hot rod kup turn to hot Rod . kup remember when you put I together today ? hot rod ( sarcastic ) sure , that 's all I get to think about . kup I know what part you forget . quintesson judge ( v.o. ) silence or I will hold you in contempt of this court . hot rod I have nothing but contempt for this court . angle on the quintesson judge suddenly , they head swivel around to death head . on kup and hot rod the platform drop away and they tumble ... kup and hot rod - tracking suddenly , kup in double-jointed fashion slip out of the restrain bolt ... ( continued ) 73 . continued : kup that doohickey you lose be part of my shoulder socket . watch this , lad ... without it , I be double jointed as houdini . then , he transform to humanoid mode and shoot off hot Rod 's bolt . hot rod wish you would figure that out a little sooner . kup better late than never ! angle on the sharkticon pit in full humanoid mode , they land , they weapon draw . angle on all kup and hot Rod fire , drive some sharkticon back . hot rod they have get more sharkticon than we have photon charge ! kup transform to Auto mode . kup let 's hold a demolition derby ! then , he roar into a bunch of they , slamm a massive stack into the wall . angle on hot rod he transform , too and do the same thing . angle on the sharkticon pit as fast as the autobot can run the miserable thing over , new swarm of they come out . angle on kup and hot rod they clear out a circle in the center of the pit and transform to humanoid mode . hot rod do not even bend a fender . ( continued ) 74 . continued : kup yeah , but look . there be a lot more of that cam ding , grill - crackin ' thing . what he sees be a wave of larger , more powerful sharkticon . hot rod we can not hold out forever , but we can give they one whopper of a repair bill . angle on the sharkticon they charge kup and hot Rod kup and hot Rod fire into they , destroy several , but be .... ... soon overrun . the sharkticon crawl all over they , munch on they metal . suddenly -- dinobot ( o.s. ) ( war whoop ) angle on the dinobot they fly down and land on the pile , transform into dinobot mode . assorted shot of dinobot carnage sludge in brontosaurus mode , swat several around with he tail , while stomping they with he foot . grimlock lower he tooth to devour a much smaller sharkticon , the sharkticon bare he tooth , realize that he 's a second stringer , and scamper away . grimlock I grimlock want to munch metal ! slag barrel into sharkticon , make a quick shishkebob out of they , while ... swoop pick two up with he claw , fly in the air and drop they on other sharkticon . the sharkticon suddenly back off and begin transform ( bow ) to the dinobot . 75 . angle on all kup and hot Rod dig themselves out of a pile of sharkticon part . hot rod I never think I would be so happy to see that big bozo . angle on grimlock he turn to hot Rod . grimlock I grimlock no bozo . I king ! angle on quintesson judge they look down , they angry face show . quintesson judge sharkticon ! execute they . angle on grimlock he point to the quintesson ... grimlock I grimlock say execute they . the sharkticon for a brief instant , do not seem to know what to do . then , they charge the quintesson . the chase the quintesson start to flee , but it 's clear that the sharkticon , who climb over the stack body of other sharkticon , be go to catch they . kup I think the problem on this planet will be solve very shortly . on hot rod hot rod but what about we problem . we need a ship . wheelie wheelie you get a ship if I get a trip . 76 . angle on hot rod he turn to the little , feral , robot . hot rod who be you . slag and wheelie the dinobot lift up wheelie . slag him wheelie , he friend . hot rod hot rod he will be mine too , if he can find a quintesson ship . angle on wheelie he point into the distance ... what we see be the strangest look corkscrew ship we have every see stick out of the ground . hot rod that 's a ship ? ext . the second moon of cybertron pan across a enormous stockpile of weaponry as we hear the terrible roar we have come to associate with unicron . spike if this do not do it , nothing will . angle on spike he set a timer to 20 second . the l.e.d. click down . bumblebee now with a new bumpersticker which be a unicron with a red circle and slash through it , look very fidgety . bumblebee let 's get out of here . 77 . bumblebee and spike they run over to a small space ship as ... ... the timer count down . the spaceship take off . angle on the second moon now , for the first time , we see what be really go on . unicron loom behind it , about to do the big munch . angle on bumblebee and spike they roar away . on unicron his mist surround the planet ... on bumblebee and spike they stop they ship in space . bumblebee five , four , three , two , one ... on the second moon and unicron blammmola ! a incredible display of firework go off , seemingly blow unicron to smithereen . on bumblebee and spike they slap palm . then , they look up , horrify . bumblebee it be not even dent . spike let 's get out of here ! on unicron the great maw open and we hear a grand cosmic roar ! suddenly , the smoke and space junk from the explosion be suck into he mouth . on bumblebee and spike they try to fly away . ( continued ) 78 . continued : spike we be be suck into it ! angle on there ship and unicron despite the fact that they thruster be on full power , they be still suck into ... unicron ... whose great mouth shut when he 's get the human and the autobot . CUT to : deep space - the planet junkion angle on ultra magnus ' shuttle as arcee and springer work on the ship , while perceptor watch . perceptor be sure the fitting be securely weld ! angle on blurr as he use flame jets from finger tip to weld joint where new " canopy " be fitte blurr ( very fast , as usual ) absolutely , positively , definitely ... wide shot to include daniel as he help blurr install a junk part . daniel this exo-suit be fantastic ! ( to blurr ) want I to do that ? blurr weld ? you ? really ? well , why not ? give it a try , but think it through first ! Daniel knit he brow , extend finger of exo - glove which be part of exo-suit . close on exo glove and daniel be hand as hand quiver and he finger shoot out a tiny flame which sputter , spark and then go out like a wet match 79 . resume on blurr and daniel blurr practice , practice , practice ! wreck -gar and junkion in hiding wreck - gar start to motion they to the attack , and the junkion ready they weapon . wreck -gar forward , avanti , apfel and like , go for gusto .... ( stop as ominous roar come from overhead and he look up ) he p.o.v . - galvatron and huge decepticon force wreck -gar ( v.o. ) hang on , this be industrial strength we watch ... ultra magnus as he , too , hear and then look up and see the decepticon force ultra magnus decepticon ! ( to springer ) we have get to draw they off and then double back to the ship ! angle on cyclonus with galvatron piloting , race up and launch a particularly nasty look missile which streak into shot and ... angle on ultra magnus ' ship ... blammola !!!!!!!!!!!!! turn it into junk . springer fire up at incoming jets , call to the other springer cancel that last order . on arcee , daniel , blurr as arcee transform and move off in one direction . Daniel look at blurr who be start to transform ( continued ) 80 . continued : daniel what do I do ? blurr transform ! you can do ... ( transformation complete , he blur off and , in v.o. add ) ...it ! blurr goe off outblurr past hail of laser FIRE from ramjet scorching by overhead on daniel as he react , look around , think , brow knitting , look off , reacting daniel transform .... he p.o.v .- scavenger come at he from one side , shrapnel come from the other side on scavenger as he start reach for Daniel scavenger human germ ! on daniel as he exo-suit suddenly transform into auto mode and take off and drive through ... ... scavenger and shrapnel , knock they over . daniel ( v.o. ) wooooh !! galvatron fly up to a ridge in advance of he force , motion to they to split off and follow ... ext . junkion - the chase bird be eye view - the autobot they dash through the maze- like wall of junk , pursue by sweep , who strike they from above ... ( continued ) 81 . continued : sweep he let out a rayblast ... angle on perceptor - tracking ... hitting perceptor and spin he around ... ... until he stumble to the ground . angle on perceptor and ultra magnus ... perceptor lie on the ground , stunne . ... ultra magnus stop next to he ... ultra magnus perceptor ! ... suddenly , shot tear into the junk all around they as ... angle on a sweep roar towards they ... angle on perceptor he suddenly transform to cannon mode and fire ! ... blow the sweep to proton . on perceptor he transform to humanoid mode . perceptor it appear that my laceration be primarily superficial . ultra magnus then move it ... angle on perceptor he take off . ultra magnus stays behind , take a few shot at ... sweep which streak over in deadly formation . ultra magnus he stand and shoot . springer ( o.s. ) ultra magnus ! ( continued ) 82 . continued : ultra magnus turn to see ... the other autobot several yard down the junk -line corridor . perceptor ( o.s. ) you estimate survival time be 10 second . angle on ultra magnus he shoot at the junk wall . ultra magnus then use that time to escape ! the matrix be design for a emergency like this . I will try to unleash its power . springer but what if it do not work . ultra magnus until all be one ! the other autobot and junk wall ultra magnus ' ray hit the wall and they tumble down , separate he from the other autobot . angle on ultra magnus his back to a wall of fall junk , he pull out the matrix . angle on galvatron in cyclonus galvatron pop out of cyclonus and both transform , to land in front of ultra magnus . angle on ultra magnus struggle to open the leadership matrix . he put he hand inside of it and get a powerful shock ! he pull he hand out quickly . ultra magnus damn it ! open it ! angle on galvatron he laugh . 83 . on ultra magnus he still struggle . ultra magnus ( baffle ) Prime , you say the matrix would light we darkest hour . angle on galvatron four sweep fly toward camera in formation . galvatron pop out a communication device from he helmet . galvatron sweep , quarter he ! angle on the sweep - tracking four rope-like ray shoot out of they and ... on ultra magnus wrap around he arm and leg . angle on ultra magnus and the sweep his arm and leg catch by the four rope , he know he 's just about have it . he struggle for one last moment , then ... angle on the sweep and ultra magnus pull they ray taut , the sweep fly in four separate direction , effectively draw and quartering the autobot leader ... on ultra magnus as all of he limb be separate from he body and scattered in the distance , he scream in horror . ultra magnus ( scream in horror ) angle on the matrix it tumble from ultra magnus ' hand to ... ... galvatron 's hand ! angle on galvatron he hold the autobot matrix . ( continued ) 84 . continued : galvatron unicron , my " master , " with this I shall make you my slave ! galvatron get into cyclonus and fly off dissolve to : daniel as he move out and look down at ultra magnus ' remain daniel ( tearful ) ultra magnus ! another angle - blurr , springer , arcee and perceptor as they move up beside Daniel . blurr without the matrix there be no hope . no hope at all ! wreck -gar and a army of junkion as they be move in battle array towards the shuttle . junkion be a interesting species . they ride themselves . that be , the junkion ride transform of themselves , so that if they vehicle break down , the driver will become the vehicle , and the vehicle will transform to become the driver . they be gibber , sing almost a wild kind of junk -rock , war - cry song which , like they language , be construct of bit and piece of the museum junk of we culture - a humorous aggressive song which make a surreal kind of sense . " slice them dice them ... and that 's all folk or you money back ... " on wreck -gar as he roar into the lead and show he tooth wreck -gar do not look behind door number two , monty . it 's time to play end-of - the-line - my valentine ! geroni-roni-doo-ron-ron-i-mo ! ( he charge ) on springer and our friend as they react ( continued ) 85 . continued : springer get go ! springer lead the way and blurr , arcee , Daniel and perceptor follow and we move to a road warrior style chase as springer and arcee ride on either side of Daniel and perceptor with blurr bring up the rear - - zig zag back and forth to keep the junkion from get at Daniel . a junkion roar alongside springer on he motorcycle and throw out laser barb grapple hook , try to hook springer . springer duck first pass of hook . on junkion as he hurl grappling hook again on springer as he catch hook by the chain and yank it the junkion go fly off he motorcycle . , , he transform into a motorcycle as the motorcycle transform into a rider and hop on the new motorcycle and then ... ... turn around to come back . on springer he look over , astonished . springer it 's not hard to knock them down . it 's get they to stay down that 's the trick . on arcee as she fire at a junkion who be try to swerve she off the road knock he off the motorcycle ... the junkion look down at he miss arm , dig around in the junk for a minute , come up with another , and then transform to a motorcycle . another angle as junkion ride over to she , start belting she with junk sword arcee they be indestructible ! ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 2 ) on daniel as he skid , stop he exo- suit as he react to what 's ahead daniel they be everywhere ! he p.o.v . - pile of junk as junkion arise out of every junk pile in sight and , gibber , sing they junk - rock battle song , start move in on springer as he stop and arcee , Daniel , perceptor and blurr stop around he . they close rank and look out at the junkion grimly perceptor perhaps they be not as vicious as they look . on wreck -gar as he gnashes he tooth and grin and then blink he eye which roll to show eye like ping pong ball . wreck - gar make blipping noise as he do this on springer reacting to wreck - gar 's noise and eyeball display springer ( to perceptor ) positive think get on my nerve . suddenly , all react to sound and wind of pass space cruiser they p.o.v - hot rod , kup and dinobot in cruiser as it shoot past and bank , come back for a closer look springer ( v.o . ) it can not be .... it 's ..... hot Rod ! he 's alive ! daniel as he look up at pass cruiser and wave daniel and kup and the dinobots ! we be save ! ( continued ) 87 . continued : perceptor I would not count on that ! ( indicate junkion ) he p.o.v . - even more junkion arising out of the junk hill as junkion newly rise from junk look up and point at cruiser and make hostile sign toward it , shaking weapon , etc . int . the cruiser - moving shot - view through canopy hot Rod and kup look down on the army of junkion below surround they friend as they swoop by kup not since the crocodillos of strontero have I see such a sight .... another angle grimlock as he stick he face up next to hot Rod . wheelie , riding on grimlock 's head , slip down to stand on console next to hot Rod grimlock maybe they make I king , too ! kup do not hold you breath , you majesty . wreck -gar as he watch cruiser descend and start glide in for a landing wreck -gar steady as she go , mob ! snoopy visitor get mud in the eye bye and bye , and film at five ! ( give thumb up sign , ride off ) junkion everything must go by midnight ! with a singing roar of musical , tribal excitement , the junkion sweep springer and we friend along with they , follow course of landing cruiser to cruiser landing site cruiser set down and junkion line up with weapon aim at rampway as they watch door ( continued ) 88 . continued : on doorway as hot Rod step out with big smile and hand full of energon stick follow by a very wary kup , and the dinobots with wheelie riding sludge 's neck . intercut to springer , daniel , arcee ET . al for reaction on wreck -gar and other junkion as they react to hot Rod 's smile , wreck - gar try to mimic that smile to he follower who laugh on hot rod as he step up beside kup and gently push kup 's rifle aside hot rod ( aside to kup , still hold smile ) gun be not exactly friendly . kup ( through he tooth to hot Rod ) neither be they in case you have not notice . hot rod ( sotto ) what be the universal greeting again ? wreck -gar growl and slip a snipper , blow torch cutting tool out of a holster and start toward hot Rod with it hot rod hot rod ( big smile ) bah weep graaaagnah wheep no no bong ? wreck -gar and other junkion they look at one another , blink , then beam with smile wreck -gar bah weep graaaagnah wheep no no bong ? hot rod ( nodd , smile ) bah weep graaaagnah wheep no no bong ? ( more ) ( continued ) 89 . continued : hot rod ( cont 'd ) ( press energon stick forward ) as hot Rod say this ... ... wreck - gar take the energon stick and hold they over he head and ... ... all the junkion smile and cheer and start chant the universal greeting phrase , laugh , clap they hand and dance around , take arcee 's hand and ... ... take springer and perceptor and Daniel out into center of a square dance type gather , move back and forth with they dance happily , sing the universal greeting in a melodic , rhythmic way everybody bah weep graaaagnah wheep no no bong bah weep graaaagnah wheep no no bong ! bah weep graaaagnah wheep no no bong .... wreck - gar hug hot Rod , and perceptor who wince and try to enjoy it , and then hug Daniel , wheelie , arcee , laugh and dance as singing go . on grimlock as he react to wreck - gar kissing he leg grimlock yuck ! I grimlock , not a kisser ! I , grimlock , a king ! wheelie clap he hand and gleefully make noise as he hop about , dance with junkion until we CUT to wreck -gar as he stand on top of platform and ring junk bell and siren get silence and smile as he wave hand all around wreck -gar have a nice day and please , close cover before strike , friend ! amigo , buddy and side kick , breep drit , aw rootie ! so say the junkion ! ( hold hand over he head ) angle on hot rod he look at they , strangely . hot rod where do you learn to talk like that ? 90 . angle on wreck -gar he reach into he body , and about where a heart or some other organ would be , he pull out a watchman . the watchman on it be a crazy eddy - type commercial . wreck -gar we talk t.v. you talk some t.v.? kup look around nervously . kup I talk some tv . and now , hot Rod for the news . do not touch that dial . void where prohibit . junkion cheer wildly while the dinobots react with uncertainty resume on wreck -gar as he point off and shout happily . wreck - gar by George kimosabe you smashed up , blotto friend , soon like brand new with ninety day warranty all iciban part and labor be ! he p.o.v . - junkion with ultra magnus the junkion move ultra magnus ' mangle body through a amazing assembly line , quickly piece together he body part , use junk when they can not find a part . then , they lube he , dust he , spray he and polish he . then , wreck - gar hit a switch , and ultra magnus ' eye light go on . wreck -gar happy motor ! cock-a-doodle-do! on ultra magnus as he step away from junkion line of reconstruction and into group consist of hot Rod , kup and springer . springer and other ( ad lib jubilation ) ultra magnus ! ultra magnus you be all alive ... ( continued ) 91 . continued : hot rod the matrix ! all turn to ultra magnus . ultra magnus it 's go ... kup and with it , all hope . hot rod no ... ( inspire ) the matrix will not fail we . arcee do not you hear ultra magnus . we do not have it anymore . galvatron do . hot rod then we have get to trust in ourselves , and no matter what they odd , destroy unicron . on wreck -gar his eye light up . wreck -gar yeah ! destroy unicron ... kill the grand poobah .... flush cosmic trouble down the drain . angle on junkion junkion ( almost chant ) destroy unicron ... kill the grand poobah ... flush cosmic trouble down the drain . angle on springer the quintesson ship in the background . springer listen , I do not want to rain on anybody 's parade , but how be we go to move the army to unicron . we do not have enough room on that ship . ( continued ) 92 . continued : wreck -gar no fuss , no muss . ( to other ) hurry , hurry . sale must end ! rush right on down to bridge and test drive latest with no obligation . suddenly , several junkion scramble to conceal doorway in the junk . ultra magnus you have ship here ? wreck -gar New , improve junkion planet , be sleek sexy import with turbo handle . springer what 's he talk about ? angle on quintesson suddenly , booster fire from the back side of the junk , and somewhere under all of the junk , we realize be a real space ship . maybe the junk be the space ship . it take off , bit and piece of junk fly off as it move . springer this be what I call travel in style . dissolve to : long shot - unicron as galvatron stand on the surface of unicron , hold the matrix . galvatron ( v.o. ) listen to I , or suffer the consequence . unicron be not we get pompous ? galvatron I now possess that which you most fear . unicron laugh and the force of it rock the surface of the planet , knock galvatron to he knee . galvatron you will do my bid , or ... unicron roar with laughter . ( continued ) 93 . continued : galvatron ... taste my wrath . he lean down and start try to open the matrix . another angle - favoring galvatron in the background , we see cybertron get closer . galvatron struggle with the matrix , but get a big shock . unicron you underestimate I galvatron . another angle - galvatron on unicron he desperately struggle to open the matrix . the planet suddenly start shaking . galvatron be bath in a reddish light , and look up in horror ! angle on unicron a hideous transformation be beginning . the surface of the planet in front of galvatron open up , and we see that the hideous light come from eye set on a hideous head ! galvatron and unicron galvatron be maybe the size of a single tooth on the horrible head before he . unicron for a time , I consider spare you measly little planet , but now you shall witness its dismemberment ! angle on galvatron suddenly , the ground he stand on drop away , and he fall through space ... ... landing on a protrude plate which stick out of unicron 's chest . galvatron - close he look around himself in horror and let out a loud scream as he realize the unimaginable horror that surround he . angle on unicron - long shot the massive planet transform , arm and leg fold out of the enormous body , hand unfold from the arm , jet from it 's back propel it towards ... ... cybertron , which , now look lonely and vulnerable in space . 94 . angle on galvatron he stand on a ledge on unicron and desperately try to open the matrix , but no cigar . galvatron no !!! angle on cybertron unicron enter shot and grasp at cybertron with a hideous claw ... angle on a tower on cybertron shockwave talk into a communication device , as alarm sound and trooper run everywhere . shockwave decepticon ... we be under attack ... scramble - then he voice be cut off as ... shockwave's Pov - out he window unicron 's hand reach towards the window , squeeze , and the wall crash in . space - unicron and cybertron unicron tear off the tower and crush it as ... a fleet of decepticon ship streak out of cybertron and begin fire on the enormous planet . here , we see the true scale of unicron . the fighter be the size of bee as they attack . angle on unicron he look down on the swarm of fighter and ... ... breathes fire down on they . the fighter pop and burn like popcorn in a blowtorch . in moment they disappear like spark from a fire . angle on cybertron decepticon trooper man a massive gun emplacement as ... ... unicron 's huge hand reach down ... ... scraping building and ... ... tear out gun emplacement . 95 . another angle - unicron' face as he put he face down so he mouth will receive all the rocket , laser blast , etc . the decepticon defender be silhouett like ant in the foreground as unicron open he mouth and swallow the fire barrage galvatron galvatron stop feed he , you fool ! angle on unicron and cybertron as yet more decepticon fighter rip out of the planet , it look like unicron be go to have a field day tear it apart . CUT to : ext . space - same time the massive junkion ship and the corkscrew cruiser pilote by hot Rod and kup race through the dark void . hot rod I do not believe it . int . the quintesson ship - same time hot Rod , kup , springer , arcee and Daniel as they also look through canopy , astonished daniel wow ! there p.o.v . - unicron destroy cybertron hot rod ( v.o. ) do not it remind you of something , kup ? resume on kup , daniel and hot rod as they move closer still . kup be glassy eye . kup ( entrance ) nope , never see anything like it . ( continued ) 96 . continued : hot rod I know there have to be a first time .... ( use intercom ) Battle station ! long shot - hot rod' cruiser and the junkion space ship as hatches open and the dinobots start flying out . int . - cruiser hot Rod shove joystick forward and cruiser drive toward unicron whom we see turn to take a swat at it through glass canopy on junkion space ship as it pull up beside hot Rod 's cruiser so they be both in a line ..... the dinobots behind both ship ... all diving toward unicron 's nose int . junkion ship - wreck -gar at control as wreck - gar also have joystick shove down and watch unicron 's face loom closer , closer , closer long shot - cruiser , junkion ship and dinobot in formation as unicron smile and cup both hand together , prepare to catch the lot of they as soon as they get within reach unicron' chest galvatron , the matrix hang around he neck . transform to cannon and fire up at ... ... a bright panel on unicron 's chest ... blaaam ! he hit the panel and light and spark fly out , cause the gigantic robot to flicker momentarily . angle on unicron the monster let out a roar ! then , reach down , pick up galvatron and drop he into he mouth like a raisin . angle on galvatron he drop into the deep pit of unicron 's mouth , narrowly avoid both a torrent of fire , and he sharp , crush tooth . 97 . ext . the space battle - same time as they junkion cruiser come close , unicron let out a burst of fire ... ... flame lick the ship , but when the fire subside , nothing have happen . wreck -gar ( v.o. ) patent enamel resist fire , rain and corrosion . five year warranty , satisfaction guarantee . other junkion or you money back ! the ship fire back , dump ray into ... ... unicron 's face , but not really do any damage . unicron and junkion cruiser unicron grab the junkion cruiser with both of it 's hand and ... closer ... tear it in half . wreck -gar ( v.o. ) unshakable , unbreakable , unbeatable . and for a limited time we include ... int . crushed junkion ship as ultra magnus , perceptor and the other watch in amazement ... wreck -gar ( cont 'd ) free bonus surprise ! junkion free bonus surprise ! the junkion run around welding thing ... ... screwing thing together ... ... and kick control panel to make they work ... ext . space both halve of the junkion ship act as independent space ship . perceptor ( v.o. ) most unscientific , but ... effective . 98 . ext the space battle as the quintesson ship shoot toward unicron 's face . the cruiser be suddenly strike by a ray from unicron 's eye , and half of it be knock off . int the cruiser light go off , and the autobot be throw around like toy . angle through the viewscreen they be head right to unicron 's eye . angle on unicron and the cruiser unicron swipe at the cruiser , but miss . the cruiser crash right through unicron 's eye like a corkscrew ! unicron ( v.o. ) graaaaaaaaaaa ! int . unicron be head - same time the cruiser rip through the eye socket and smashes through several electrical membrane that be , in fact , unicron 's brain . angle on the ship as the ship tumble through , it dump off the various autobot like rubbish and disintegrate . angle on hot rod he tumble out of the rubbish and down a deep pit ( which we can assume be a robotic sinus or something ) ext . the brain area kup , springer , Daniel and arcee be scattered about the floor in the giant , flicker chamber . daniel where 's hot Rod ? springer see something in the distance . ( continued ) 99 . continued : springer I do not know , but I hope they do not get he . what he sees be dozen of hover robot that look like float bear trap , snap they jaw as they drift slowly towards the autobot . angle on the autobot kup debugoid ! arcee Quick ! this way . they run into a long , cave - like chamber which look like the central nervous system or something . CUT to : int . another chamber - later hot Rod drop through the darkness and land in a pile of miscellaneous junk . on hot rod he slowly get up and look around the chamber . what he sees Pan as hot Rod look over various different bit of junk , until he see the glow shape of the autobot matrix apparently suspend in mid air . hot rod the autobot matrix ! then , suddenly two red , burn eye light up above the matrix , and we see the hideous form of galvatron . galvatron it will do you no good , autobot . it can not be open . on hot rod he stand up and walk towards galvatron . ( continued ) 100 . continued : hot rod not by a decepticon . angle on hot rod and galvatron hot Rod step towards galvatron . galvatron it be strange that we should find ourselves as ally ... on galvatron suddenly , he body be violently twisted , and he arm be almost break off . galvatron uhhhh ... unicron destroy he , or feel yourself tear from limb to limb . galvatron of course , my master ! angle on galvatron and hot rod galvatron take a shot at hot Rod . ... hot Rod dive away , as electricity seem to flash everywhere . on galvatron he peer into the gloom . galvatron' Pov - panning the room hot Rod be nowhere to be see amidst all of the junk . on galvatron weapon draw . galvatron puny autobot , you lack even Prime 's courage . there be no response . CUT to : ext . space - the battle assorted shot unicron now stand atop cybertron , fight the various ship that swarm around he like bee . ... Ray streak from he one good eye . ... ( more ) ( continued ) 101 . continued : assorted shot ( cont 'd ) his hand smash fighter ... ... Fire shoot from he mouth . the dinobot now reach unicron 's butt , start kick . grimlock I grimlock kick butt . angle on unicron suddenly ; he look down , send down a searing blast of fire . angle on the dinobot they transform to robot mode and fly away . grimlock I , grimlock , need new strategy . CUT to : int . the corridor in unicron -- same time kup , arcee , springer and Daniel dash down the corridor . suddenly , Daniel 's foot be catch in a maze of wiring . angle on the other not notice , they keep run . angle on daniel he try to pull he foot out . no luck . then , he look up . what he sees the robotic antibody be draw very close to he . daniel he look o.s. towards the other . daniel help ... angle on kup and arcee they turn around and see Daniel about to be munched by the antibody . arcee Daniel ! 102 . angle on springer , kup and arcee they dash down the corridor fire on ... the robotic antibodies they shot hit some , knock they to scrap , but there be so many of they , that they can not hold back the tide as it ... angle under the antibodies Daniel , unscathed by the thing , which hover over he head , munch they way towards the autobot , get he foot free . daniel I be okay . they do not even see I . angle on the autobot it look like custer 's last stand as they be surround by the vicious antibody . kup they must not program to catch flesh creature . springer we , on the other hand ... arcee Daniel ... try to find help ! arcee fire ... her shot - tracking miss the antibody , but strike a large tube . angle on the tube when it be hit , it pour a torrent of liquid which ... ... go over the swarm of antibody , but hit Daniel ... ... carry he away in a flood of glow liquid . on daniel - tracking he shout as he find himself in a river of flow goo . CUT to : 103 . int . unicron - a flowing tunnel Daniel rip through what seem to be endless cave on the torrent of liquid , until he be dumped down a high waterfall into ... .... a glow lake . ... he stay under for a moment , and then bob up to see ... unicron' stomach this be the central processing area for unicron 's " food " and " energy . " a long conveyer belt drop junk into a clear , bubbling vat , where it be separate into raw material and energy . the energy , which come out in raw form , go into a machine and be crunch into energon cube , while the solid material , be separate into it 's component metal and plastic , form into ingot and send elsewhere in a assembly line fashion . daniel watch this with awe until he see ... angle on the assembly line ... several decepticon trooper hang from cable like shirt at a dry cleaner be drop into the bubbling vat , and in moment convert to nothing ... ... then , cliffjumper and Jazz roll out of the line ... on daniel he dash to the shore of the glow lake ... daniel cliffjumper ! Jazz ! and then spike come roll down , follow by bumblebee ! daniel bumblebee ! dad ! on cliffjumper , jazz , and spike they look down , but can not move because they be hold by massive pincer . spike shut off the control , Daniel . Daniel look around . then , he see . ( continued ) 104 . continued : a control .. which control the whole thing . on daniel he run up a catwalk towards it .... angle on daniel he reach the flicker panel . daniel what do I do ? it do not have any button or anything . angle on spike - tracking he look down . spike shoot it , son. daniel but I do not have a gun . spike use you exo-suit . angle on daniel he look down at he hand and concentrate as hard as he can . then , a spark come out . it grow longer . angle on the machine spike and the autobot be about to go in . cliffjumper hurry ! daniel start fry the command console ! angle on the line it keep move . then , cliffjumper be drop in ! angle on daniel he look back , and to he horror see Jazz , bumblebee and he father about to be drop in . he keep fire . the panel start explode ! ( continued ) 105 . continued : daniel I can not stop it ! angle on the assembly line Jazz drop in , then bumblebee , then spike . daniel turn around and see this . daniel dad ! there be no answer . play the moment . then ... spike son. angle on the vat it be empty . the autobot and spike sit at the bottom , smoking but alright . spike you do it ! CUT to : int . the dark cavern with galvatron and hot rod galvatron , the matrix at he neck , stalk around the room . look everywhere for hot Rod . galvatron come out , autobot . we all must die sometime . suddenly , shockingly , hot Rod jump out of the floor and grab galvatron , sink he fist into the decepticon 's face . galvatron stumble backward . angle on galvatron and hot rod galvatron jump at hot Rod ... ... hot Rod transform to a car and race away ... angle on galvatron he transform to cannon mode and fire ... ... hot Rod transform to humanoid mode and the shot go through he leg . ... then , he fire back at galvatron ... ... ( continued ) 106 . continued : hitting he as he transform back to humanoid mode and anger he . . raise he gun , then lower it . galvatron no , I will crush you with bare hand . hot Rod transform back to car and try to race away ... ... galvatron jump after he and catch he ... ... hot Rod , nearly pin by galvatron transform to humanoid mode . ... galvatron wrestle he to he back .. ... the adolescent robot try to fight back , but the other be stronger . ... galvatron put he hand around hot Rod 's neck and start squeezing . ... we hear the crunching of metal . galvatron first Prime , then ultra magnus and now you . it be a pity autobot die so easily or I might have a sense of satisfaction now . hot Rod desperately gasp and pull at galvatron 's hand ... ext . space - the battle unicron shoot down more decepticon with he remain eye , while he crush the junkion ship . int . the junkion ship the wall crush in . the junkion and the autobot be be smashed together . wreck -gar ash to ash . junk to junk . int . the dark cavern galvatron still strangle hot Rod . hot rod gasp . galvatron die ! another angle on hot Rod , he hand , nearly dead , spring to life for a moment and grasp the matrix which hang from galvatron 's chest . 107 . angle on the matrix suddenly , it light up . another angle a miraculous transformation take place . ... hot Rod begin to grow at a alarming rate . ... Age show on he face . ... he be stronger and wiser . optimus prime arise , rodimus Prime . hot rod optimus ! angle on galvatron he fire at hot Rod as ... galvatron nooooooo ! ... hot Rod get up . ... the shot do not even dent he . hot rod this be the end of the road , galvatron . with that , he pick up the decepticon and throw he through ... ext . unicron - same time ... unicron 's side ... CUT to : int . the dark cavern hot Rod , bath in the glow of the matrix . stick he hand in the way we see galvatron and ultra magnus try earlier . there be no shock . then , like pull the pin on a hand grenade , he unleash the spiritual equivalent of a bomb ! assorted shot - invasion of the matrix the matrix rip through unicron 's body , blow up wire cause flood and generally cause havoc . ext . space - the battle unicron suddenly let out a scream and let go of the junkion ship , send it hurtle . 108 . int . the junkion ship it tumble through space . autobot and junkion ( they scream with exhilaration ) angle on unicron suddenly , he start tear into he body . ext . space unicron writhes in space , tear himself apart , rip off a leg , and send out spark like a roman candle . CUT to : int . the corridor where kup et.al be trapped they be overrun by the antibody . one take a whopper bite out of springer 's chest . springer I be almost out of energy . suddenly , he look up and see one of the creature explode above he . then another explode , then another . springer' Pov - a wall of antibodies suddenly , every antibody in the wall begin explode , and through the carnage , we see bumblebee , spike , Daniel , cliffjumper and Jazz . angle on the battle the last of the antibody be blow away , and kup , arcee and springer sit up amidst a pile of antibody body . springer that 's what I call the nick of time . angle on all suddenly , a entire wall vanish as unicron 's hand tear at thing . ( continued ) 109 . continued : jazz let 's burn rubber ! angle on the tunnel they transform . the human jump in . the chase - tracking they race up the tunnel , one step ahead of unicron 's hand which shoot after they , pull apart what we know must be piece of he brain ... then , they reach what seem like a dead end . in fact , it be the back side of unicron 's good eye . the hand come in after they ! angle down the corridor a unbelievably fast and powerful robot race towards the autobot . when it get there , we realize that it be rodimus Prime . kup I know you have potential , lad ! angle on rodimus prime rodimus prime autobot , transform and roll out . rodimus Prime transform into truck mode as the other autobot also transform . Daniel and spike jump into he . then , in a continuous line , he shoot off , the other autobot racing behind he . smash CUT : ext . unicron rodimus Prime shoot out the second eye ... follow by the other . angle on unicron a arm and a leg dangle uselessly as the autobot essence spread throughout the body , blow circuit . suddenly , unicron let out a loud agonize roar . SPARKS seem to shoot out of every part of he body . then , he spin in space like some kind of a firework display , shoot off spark . and then ... 110 . bang ! we get the big visual explosion . dissolve to : ext . space - much later unicron 's head orbit cybertron . pan to cybertron where and push in on rodimus Prime , arcee , kup , springer , ultra magnus , wreck - gar , Daniel , perceptor , blaster and spike watch construction be do on cybertron below . rodimus prime let this mark the end of the cybertronian war as we move forward to a new age of peace and happiness .... all until all be one ! the end