the hunt for red october written by Larry Ferguson &amp ; Tom clancy on a black screen , the following crawl : moscow , 17 JULY 1991 . the kremlin announced the ' retirement ' of mikahil , gorbachev as well as politburo member yavolev , mendvendev and birkovo . defense minister ulinov assumed the role of chairman . kgb head ligachev became premier vowing " a restoration of discipline . " western leader brace for a new round of cold war . four month later ... fade in a barren landscape beneath slate - grey sky . frigid rock and stunt tree fall to a ice - choke coast . congeal sea on a desolate beach . marko alexandrovich ramius bare - head in cold wind , study the inclement coast . bottomless eye move slowly across the landscape , miss nothing . super : polwarny inlet Soviet submarine base on the barent Sea 500 mis north of murmansk ramius wear a tar black winter uniform of Captain first rank in the Soviet navy . behind he , out of sight , someone speak : voice ( os ) cold this morning , Captain . ramius shiver . when he reply , he speak not about the weather , but of the land : ramius it be cold . ( beat ) - and hard . turn he back on the icy coast , ramius smi- I fondly at the man who just speak to he captain second . , rank vasily borodin ramius ' executive officer , also in black uniform . borodin 's rig with a mike . , brass . button gambol in he nubian cap like money . ramius ( cont 'd ) e you head a bit . no need to crowd he . borodin ( into mike ) come leave three degree . make you course three - four-zero . sonar , let I know when we pass fifty , fathom . a helmsman respond on a speaker in the sail . nautical cross talk . order give and affirmed . pull back , ramius and borodin be reveal stand atop the red october a huge submarine , trading a gigantic rudder a hundred yard aft she sail . a patrol boat and icebreaker escort she to sea . on speaker in the sail : helmsman ( vo ) Captain , political off=er Putin request permission to come to the bridge . ramius ( glancing at borodin ) grant . borodin ( under he breath ) think of it , comrade .. . son of only a humble mm worker ... ramius quiet as grass , vastly . quiet as grass . ( louder , turn ) good morning , comrade political off=er ivan yurievich putin block - face , forty , pink -neck , political officer assign to Red October , clamber through the hatch into the air , wheeze : putin ah , , Captain , every time I climb that ladder , I realize what a over - feed ox rve become . put in smile . ramius smile back , but he eye be cold . suddenly , there 's not a lot of lave on the bridge : putin ( cont 'd ) ( expansively ) such a glorious day . so exciting to h t ally put the land behind we and be on we way . ( to ramius ) bourgeois of I , I know , but my enthusiasm at be choose polidcica ] . officer on this historic mission its I with pride . ( beat ) I , a man of such humble birth , whose father be only a mill . worker . think of it , comrade , a mill worker . borodin chuckle . Putin stare at he . borodin cover with a cough . Putin keep star . flushed , borodin look away . Putin turn porcine eye on ramius : putin ( cont 'd ) ( turning ) you father be a lithuanian , be he not , Captain ? ramius you know he be . pu tin I know a lithuanian once ... his word hang like rotten fru putin ( cont 'd ) ... though I be sure you father be nothing like he . pefmisrdon to go below ? smirk , Putin leave . ramius watch he go . speaker in the sai : helmsman ( vo ) conn to bridge , sonar report we be crossing sixty fathom . borodin it 's time , Captain . St m deal with Putin 's exit , ramius turn away from the hatch , contemplate the shore . after a beat , softly :. ramius we go . boro din ( into the headset ) clear the bridge ! prepare to dive . Captain come below . of cer of the deck , make signal to escort : . ramius and . borodin disappear . Red October prepare to dive . all that remain be icy .sea and the Sand . then , faintly at first , from the freeze coast : a red army chorus rise into the swirl sky . it seem to come from everywhere , the rock , the tree , the sea itself . Red October dive . the screen fade to black and a giant title appear : krasny oktobr the hunt for red october chorus boom . male voice ring in thunder tribute to the heart and soul of mother Russia . credit keep roll . then , from the darkness a lithograph of John Paul Jones fight the serapis appear . it 's on the wall . in a cluttere study . book crowd every bit of space . photo , model and nautical memorabilia , everywhere . through a window a English suburb in drizzle rain . Red Army chorus sing softly . in a driveway , a late model rover wait , light on , engine run . at a messy desk jack ryan early - thirty , good -look , dishevel and harry , stuff papers into a brief case . slam it shut , he reach for he raincoat . behind he a little girl appear in the doorway . her name be Sally . she 's Ryan 's daughter . wearing a nightgown with butterfly on it , she 's carry a well - wear koala bear : sally daddy ? ryan ( turning ) hey .. , what be you do up ? you be suppose to be sleep . sally I can not . kneeing beside : she , Ryan talk in a steady unpatronize way . he love she to death : ryan what 's the matter ? sally where be you go ? ryan I have to go on a business trip and you have to go to sleep or when you grow up you will only be two inch tall . sally stanley keep waking I up . stanley be Sally 's bear . Ryan talk to it like it be alive . it make Sally grin . ryan what 's the matter , stanley ? be you nut or something ? sally he 's not , nut . he 's lonely . ( slyly ) he need a brother . if he have a brother then he could go to sleep better . before Ryan can answer , a ravish woman in she ..late -twenty march into the study . she be margaret ryan English , intelligent feature , in tweed suit and raincoat . a matronly woman hover in the doorway behind she : margaret we be never go to make it . ryan just a minute . - ( tn sally ) daddy have to go , cricket . you and stanley go upstairs with Mrs. wheeler and go straight to sleep . when I be away , I will see if I can find stanley a brother . sally promise ? ryan CUT to : the rover pull to a curb in drive rain at heathrow . Red Army chorus swell . leap out , Ryan grab luggage and race to the driver 's side . Margaret pull he face through the window . ryan I be all wet . margaret ( kissing he ) you be sexy when you be wet . ryan ( grinning ) I be gonna miss you . margaret get out of here , yank . or ml tear you limb from limb . ( he start ) wait ! I get you this . they ' Il help you sleep on the plane . she have a bottle of piUs in she hand . he squint at it , shaking he head in the pour rain : ryan wo not do I any good --- margaret Jack . ryan ( sheepish ) ok . I will try . take the pil3 , he kiss she again . all of a sudden , he want to climb inside , park someplace and steam the window . her smile be all knowing : " margaret you only have three minute . ryan ( gig ) hey .. if I be lucky , might miss the damn plane altogether . CUT to- 0 - - seat beneath the only light in a dark cabin . engine hum . turbulence rattle a teacup . a stewardess appear , smile down at he : stewardess can I get you anything , sir ? ryan ' ( lying ) I be fine . thank you . stewardess why do not you try to sleep ? the l for ight will go much faster . ryan .. I can not seem to sleep on plane . it 's the turbulence . stewardess pardon ? ryan ( swallowing ) turbulence . you know . when solar radiation heat the earth 's crust . warm air rise . cool air descend . turbulence . I do not like it . stewardess be you a scientist ? ryan no . I just read a lot of book . stewardess well , try and get some sleep anyway . she leave . Wide awake , Ryan stare out the window at the spin dark . Red Army chorus boom . CUT to : ryan humping he suitcase into a giant terminal at the end of a long line of traveler . above the line , a sign : U.S. custom du : les INTERNATIONAL airport WASHINGTON , D.C. a guy in sunglass move down , the line , stop beside Ryan : I sunglass ( respectftay ) Mr. Ryan ? exhausted , Ryan nod . chorus swell . sunglass take Ryan 's bag . CUT to :. a black liiko glide to a stop at the security kiosk outside a suburban office compound . sign over the compound 's entrance : central intelligence agency chorus peak . end credit CUT to : admiral jame greer sixty ; a mane of white hair , in three piece suit , CIA direcbor of naval intelligence , look up from behind a mahogany desk : greer Jack , boy . get yourself in here . ( squhtung ) Jesus . you look like hell . ryan ( egg ) thanks , Admiral . greer come on over here and sit down . you want coffee ? ryan I think I need ooffiae . Ryan perches on the couch . greer pour Ryan take it in both hand , coaling it with he breath . greer I be not gonna ask you how you 11 flight be . when 's the last time you sleep ? -- ryan ( eyeing watch ) do not know . this thing be still on London time . greer how 's Margaret ? ryan Fine . she send you she best . greer and Sally ? what be she now , three ? ryan a very precocious five . a week ago she announce she life would be a loot less lonely if Margaret and I would buy she a baby brother . greer ( smiling ) where you gonna do that ? Ryan grin . greer eye he fondly . put down he coffee , Ryan open he br efse . greer ( cont 'd ) all right , what 's important enough to get you on a . plane in the middle of the night ? jump CUT to : a pair of photograph drop onto the tihle in front of greer . they show the bow and stern of a submarine in dry dock . from the size of the construction crey , it 's obvious the boat be huge . ryan british Intelligence receive this two day ago . she 's the Red October . the Soviet 's newest typhoon . greer Jesus . the brit actually get a man into the construction shed ? ryan ( dropping more photo ) this pair be digitally enhance for line resolution . this one for color . ryan twelve meter longer than the normal typhoon , three meter wider . the captain 's name be ramixt . greer one of yours ? ryan yes , sir . I do the bio on he last year . he 's take out the lead boat in each new sub class for ten year . fairly good political connection . he 's also train most of they attack boat skipper . they can he the vilnius schoolmaster . greer study one of the photo with a magnify glass . something capture he attention : greer what be this door ? ryan the door , Admiral , be the problem . I do not know what they be and neither do the English . ( sipping caffee ) it 's just pole we friend at the ustinov Design Bureau have come up with something new . ( beat ) with you permission , I would like to show this to someone . do you know skip Tyler ? greer sub driver . do he get hurt or something ? ryan ( nodding ) he be Captain on a attack boat . get clipped by a drunk driver and lose a leg . now he 's teach at the Academy and do some consulting for underwater system Command . greer greer when .do you want to talk to he ? ryan right now if it 's ox with you ? have . never meet he personally , but - greer I will take care of it . ( picking up the phone ) margie , have a car for Dr. Ryan at the front gate in tan . minute . Ryan retrieve he photograph . get up , greer watch he , choose he word carefully : greer ( cont 'd ) one of we satellite catch Red October in polijarny inlet this morning . ryan ( shocked ) they should not have be sea ready for week . Ryan close he case . greer walk he to the door : greer relax , son . the navy 's get a Las Angeles cala 'ss sitt jng right off they doorstep . in a few day we will know everything about she but the wok 's name . ryan well , in that case -- ( grinning ) can you tell I where I can buy a bear ? greer for Sally ? ( ryan nods ) same place you buy a baby brgther , I guess . CUT to : a banshee wail in blackness . the groan of a primordial beast echoing in the dark , follow by a deep vibration that rattles bone and shatter eardrum . the black screen be move . a massive cylinder glide over the top of we like a giant spaceship , outline by flash of e1ectxic- blue phosphorenscence . super : USS dallas Los Angeles class attack sub 50 mk west of polijarny inlet depth : 400 feet on the dallas in the sonar shack , a state of the art sonar display glow blue . High tech graphic pinpoint movement in deep water beyond the hull .. seaman second CLASS ronald jone listen to a headset and eyeball the display . a college dropout with a genius iq , Jones be the kind of guy who like toss dead cat into crowded cathedral . seaman charle beaumont unruly red hair , a minion freckle and a wary smile , sit beside Jones . on speaker in the bulkhead , the primordial howl again , muffled , clue with noise transient : jone hear I beaumont no. maybe . it 's bury in ... jone ( leading ) yes ? beaumont surface clutter ? I should go to sap ? jone correct , seaman beaumont . surface affect Processing . there be hope for you small brain yet . ( beaumont grins ) and like mozart at saltzburg , you have labor to produce ... ( another howl ) hiclocdc . beaumont jone a whale , beaumont . a whale . a marine mammal that know a fuck of a lot more about sonar than you do . beaumont frown . appear in the sonar shack door , directly behind jone the cob Chief of the Boat , a barrel - chest bear , smile at beaumont : cob he get to raggin you too bad , kid , you can always ask he about pavarattt .. Jones sink into he chair . beaumont grin . Sea story come . from the look on Jones ' face , it promise to be a good one : beaumont tell I , Chief . cob ( take he time ) well , jonesy here , he 's a music freak , right ? and he figure this sonar system be basically just a big old 300 million ddllar stereo unit . so he get this piece of pavarmt3i -- jone it be paganini . cob whatever . it 's this piece of music he like so much he want to share it , right ? so he re-wire the computer and figure how to put it in the water with a gigawatt of juice behind it . ( beat ) now , the Captain , he do not much care . but about twenty - one boat out of San Diego , include one way out at Pearl , start hearing pavarotti doming out they ass . jonesy have turn the whole fuck Pacific Ocean into a stereo speaker . ( laughing ) and all of a sudden we get a Admiral in the middle of it and we be write report out the yang yang . beaumont 's laugh . even Jones sm ies . then , a flash light on the. sonar display catch he eye . he start flipping switch . beaumont sober : : up : beaumont what should I -- jone be sti 1 , I get it . Jones work in silence , then punch the intervom : jone conn , sonar . voice ( on intercom ) Captain , aye . what be it jonesy ? jone distant contact , submerge bear zero - nine -seven . it 's a wild guess , but I would say we have a boomer head out of the barn . in the command CENTER forward of sonar , sailer drive the ship beneath a maze of pipe and equipment . at the center of the conn , surround by fire control , quartermaster , helm : captain bartolomo mancuso skipper of the daza , early - forty , muscular body encase in a blue jumpsuit , work the intercom on the periscope plat6arm : mancuso start a plot , jonesy . IM be there in a second . leave the deck , mancuso glance at he executive offker lieutenant phil thompson thirty , dark complect , stand at fire control : mancuso ( cont 'd ) i'91 be in sonar , phil in sonar Jones be already work on the plot . in font of he on the sonar display , the flash light be start to move . mancuso stick he head in . mancuso what do you have ? CUT to : ramius in Red October 's conn . much larger than the control center on the Dallas . leave the deck , ramius head aft , glance at borodin : ramius when you see Putin , tell he that when it 's convenient , 191 be in my stateroom . leave the conn , ramius enter a hallway move past a radio compartment on he leave , ramius stop at a door , entering the captain stateroom c3ose the door behind he , ramius turn into the room . surprise , he see pu tin seat at a desk , read a bible . startle , Putin look up : ramius what be you do ? pt tin it 's my responsibility to oversee the stability of the crew , Captain . you know that . ramius and you accomplish this by search through my papers and invade my privacy ? putin there be no such thing as privacy in the Soviet Union , comrade . it 's antithetical to the oal ] ective good . suppress he anger , ramius move to a locker , change into dungaree . he can fiee ] . Putin 's weasel eye crawl up and down he back . holding the bible , put in muse : putin ( cont 'd ) you. surprise I , Captain . a man in you position read trash about the end of the world . ( reading ) " I be come soon . I will give to each accord to he deed . I be the beginning and the end . " ( glancing up ) do you underline this passage ? ramius the book belong to my wife . I keep it only for sentimental value . putin you wife be a beautiful woman . a tragedy she life be cut so short . ramius ( turning ) I assure you , comrade . there 's nothing wrong with my mind . putin ( try to joke ) give the amount of fire power on Red October , I be sure the whole world will . breathe a cm1 eotive sigh of relief . ramius ( lke ice ) how many more agent do the kgb have on my boat ? putin ( stand ) Captain , this be not you boat . it belong to the Union of the Soviet Socialist republic . you would be well advise to remember that . ( ramius blanch ) anyway , I be only a political odfioer . if the kgb have a agent on board , I would be the last to know . ramius I suggest we open we order . putin as you wish . there 's a safe on the wall . ramius spin the combination . Inside , another safe with four lock . both ramius and Putin have key . Inside the second safe , a large envelope . it have a ornate . scarlet seal , mark ' top secret ' . ramius crack the seeal , remove four page of operation order . glancing at Putin ; he read : ramius we be to proceed to grid 54 - 90 and rendezvous with the akula submarine , konovalov . putin Captain tupalev 's boat . ramius you know tupolav ? pu tin I know that he be descend from a long line of aril rat and that he be a student of yours . it be rumor , he have no love in he heart for you . why be that ? ramius pour two cup of steaming tea from a silver pot on a serve tray , offer it to Putin . . Putin take the cup . ramius there be no room in tupolev 's heart for anyone or anything except tupolev . ( reading ) have make contact , we be order to run a series of drfl1 . tupolev w2l hunt we while we test we ship . put down he tea , Putin stand , suddenly formal , awkwardly obsequious : putin Captain , this be a historic moment for all . of we . I should like to make a request . ramius before you do , I want to talk to you about something important . putin ( not hearing ) I know that it be not aoord to protocxrl , but would you permit I to post the order and inform the crew of we mission ? ramius ( resigned ) as you wash , comrade . Putin grin , head for the door . he never make it . in a sudden violent motion , , ramius kick Putin 's leave leg from under he . surprise , the ; big man tumble sideways . leap to he foot , ramius catch Putin , slamm he into a headlock , drive he thick neck downward , cracking he skull in the sharp corner of the desk . Putin gag . cupp he chin , ramius force he entire bulk onto the man 's chest . Putin struggle . his eye bulge . ramius strain , use all of he strength until .. putin' neck shatter and he face go slack . with surprising gentleness , ramius lower the shudder body to the deck . carefully , he check the pulse in Putin 's neck . dying , Putin stare into ramius ' face . ramius ( cont 'd ) I a sorry my friend . but it be cyear to I now . where I would walk , you can not fallow . whatever he destination , Putin 's on he way . get up , ramius go to the desk . returning with the teapot , he drench the body with scalding tea . replacing the pot on the tray , ramius put the order in a wastebasket and set they on be . removing a duplicate set of order from he safe , he ' place they on the floor by the dead man . satisfied everything be the way he want it , he move to a intercom and take a deep breath . push a button , he bellows : ramius ( cont 'd ) Dr. petrov . come to my quarter at once . there 's be a aociderit ! CUT to : a mini sub resembling a airstream t xxzller with a propeller on the back . it 's float in a gargantuan tank fslle with brightly light water beneath a vast dome cet'ling : super : U.S. naval underwater system lab patuxent , maryland skip tyler build - like a fireplug , a monument to logic and impatience , lean on a cane , atop a platform by the tank # I watch warrant officer bill steiner thirty , the bane of Tyler 's existence . steiner 's head be stick out of a hatch on the mini sub . eyeing he , Tyler bellows : tyler you be never gonna go anywhere , be .. unless you close the hatch and start the goddam engine ! steiner brilliant , skip . you be one of that guy you can not hide thing from , right ? tyler. grit he tooth . steiner close the hatch . across the room , Ryan enter . spot Tyler , he move to the platform , stare at the mini sub . the propeller start turn . it submerges . tyler ( turning ) Ryan ? ryan yes sir . ( be : mini sub ) what it that thing ? tyler deep submergence rescue vehicle . ryan that 's what a dsrv look like . tyler that 's it . I design this one . lot 's aan d the mystic . ryan what be you do with it ? Tyler climb off the piatfarm , work he cane with practice precision . take Ryan by the arm , he head for a door : tyler rigging it with a generic docking acllar so it will mate with british , german , other kind of sub . ( nodding ) this one here be design to be super mobile . we can get it anywhere in the world in twenty - four hour . if that lunatic do not crash it fast : . ( beat ) Admiral greer say you have some pdr ure .- - CUT to : tyler' office high tech naval architecture . technician , graduate student move about in the background . Tyler be hunch over the Red October photograph : tyler bigger than a regular typhoon . ( squinting ) what be this door ? ryan ( grinning ) you do not miss much , do you ? they be too big for torpedo tube . could you launch a missile horizontaly ? tyler could . question be why would you ? besides , they be symmetrical right straight through the hull . ryan how about a tow sonar array ? tyler barely clear the screw in the -- Tyler freeze . somewhere in that vast abundance of grey matter , a neuron fire : tyler ( cont 'd ) I 'a be go to he will .! it 's a caterpillar ! ryan a what ? tyler caterpillar drive . magneto--hydrodynamic propulsion . like a linear induction motor with saltwater as the ; tat-r . you follow ? ryan ( smiling ) oh sure . tyler item like a jet engine for water . go in the front , get squirt out the back . only , it 's get no move part , see . so it 's ' potentially very quiet . ryan tyler try silent if this work , we will have to find a whole new way to track submarine . Ryan grapples with the implication . Tyler trip down memory lane : tyler ( cont 'd ) we mess with it . year ago . never could make it work . they really build this ? this be not a mock - up or anything ? ryan it put to sea this morning . tyler ( shaking he head ) you know when I be eleven year old , I help my daddy build a bomb shelter in the basement because some fool park a dozen warhead in Cuba , ninety mile from the Florida coast . ( re : photo ) this thing could park two hundred warhead off New York or Washington and nobody would suspect a thing till it be all over . ryan any record of we work on the caterpillar ? tyler ( grabbing he cane ) we get a archive . let 's get dusty . CUT to : putin' dead face wrapped in plastic two Russian sailor lug he zip - lock corpse into a walk - in freezer in Red October 's galley . Three k' assistant carve steak and watch . one of they loginov tweet 6ts , muscular , in stripe sail or shirt and bell - bottom pang , toss a hunk of for into a pail .. to loginov. 's right , rami : a and borodin talk with doctor nikolay " petrov forty ; , .thin , bespectacle and careworn . a dedicated Party man and `compulsive gossip , petrov be the Red October 's medical ofdoer . ramius have the ; counterfeit order in he hand : ramius if I have not spill the tea , Putin might never have slip and --- petrov you must not blame yourself , , - Captain . accident happen . I assume we wall be return to base ? ramius we will not . petrov but how can we continue a m scion without a political offcer ? ramius for many year the Russian navy go to sea before there be political off scer , Doctor . petrov yes , but - ramius ( re : order ) this order be quite specific . putin' unfortunate death wall not change they . turn , ramius spot loginov and wave he hand . loginov freeze . ramius ( cont 'd ) you . come here . ( loginav doe ) you name ? loginov ( trembling ) cook 's assistant , loginov , sir . ramius good . now , I want you and the Doctor to witness this , ioginov . I have remove Putin 's missfle key from he neck and be keep it myse f. iognov blink . petrov frown . close the freezer door , the sate ] save . loginov be not sure what to do . petrov 's agitate : petrov this be all very unnerve , Captain . the reason for have two miss m key in the first place be to prevent one person from ... ramius from what , Doctor ? petrov make a mistake and ... ( exasperated ) we must report this to Red meet Command . ramius impossible . we be order to maintain strict radio silence . ( to ioginov ) that will be all , comrade . glad to be anywhere else , loginov return to he work . petrov Captain , perhaps I should keep putin' key until -- ramius ( sharply ) I suggest you return to sick bay , Doctor . soon , I will address the crew and explain we order . this be not a decision for discussion . shrugge , petrov disappear . borodin and ramius .. follow he . freak , loginov watch they go . CUT to : mancuso bent over Jones ' shoulder in the da11as ' sonar shack , concentrate on the blink light on the sonar display . Thompson 's to he leave . Jones be on a headset : jone ( listening ) he 's hold steady on zero-two - zero , twelve knot at about ten thousand yard . mancuso can you identify he ? jone Computer 's chew on it . twin screw and the plant noise sound like a typhoon but - Computer ptintar clatter . ripping off the printout , mancuso study it : signal evaluation : soviet typhoon CLASS submarine unknown identity not previously recorded mancuso must be a new boat . ( to thompson ) I miss something in dispatch the last few day , phil ? thompson fleet have not say a word about it . mancuso alright . start a f]e on he , jonesy . for now , call he Sierra thirty - five . ( .leaving ) r91 see if we can work in a little closer and sniff he out . Thompson fcdow mancuso . beaumont glance at Jones , whisper : beaumont wo not the Soviets hear we ? jone not if we stay in he baffle , seaman beaumont . not if we stay in he baffle . come in behind he propeller and he 's deaf as a post . CUT to : ramius spinning the periscope in Red October 's conn . at all station , helm , fire control , quartermaster , sailor work with galvanic prec s4r no stand next to borodin captain lieutenant boris kamarov Red October 's navigator , watch ramius i tently . the tension be palpable . something extraordinary be about to happen : ramius down scope . ( turning ) any. sonar contact ? kamarov sonar be clear , Captain . ramius all right . rm go to address the crew . ramius grab the whip telephone . jaw set , he eye blaze with hypnotic intensity : ramius ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) comrade , here be we order give to we by Red fleet Command . it be we good fortune to make the first test of we revolutionary propulsion system . in various location all over the ship , sailor stop what they be do and listen carefully : in the enlisted mess crowded together at table , man hear ramius ' voice : ramius ( vo cont 'd ) ( on speaker ) we be to pass quiet as water through every one of the american 's sonar net . maintain strict radio . silence , we be to proceed across the Atlantic to the east coast of the United States . in engineering beneath a maze of pipe , technician listen : ramius ( vo cont 'd ) ( on speaker ) once in the home water of the enemy , we be to conduct a series of ine fire test , target major city on the enemy 's eastern seaboard . in the missile bay S man be spellbound by they captain 's intensity : ramius ( vo - cont 'd ) ( on speaker ) for many year , we have have to stand helplessly in the wing while poll ns compromise every advance we military have make . back in the conn ramius stand on the periscope platform hold the phone . all eye be rivete on he : ramius ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) it be politician who have crippled we armed force while talk incessantly of peace . and now it be time , comrade , to exchange the cuckoo for a hawk . ramius ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) we missy will not be armed , of course , but imagine , if they be . in one bright moment , all that we believe in , all that we honor , would prevail forever . ramius be finish . no one move . kamarov have goose bump . ramius ( cont 'd ) comrade , navigator . kamarov Captain ? ramius rig for silent run . kamarov ( 'turning ) reduce engine to quarter speed and open outer door . a sail cr lock a program into a computer . outside red october in the water , the mysterious door on the sub 's bow begin to open . behind they , a strange tunnel be reveal . - in the conn ramius and he man hear the dark ring of steel on steel in deep water : kamarov Outer door be open , Captain . ramius engage the caterpi lar . outside red october in the water ... : a eerie green ring of light start to glow in the tunnel behind thedoor . a second light appear . then a third , flash florescent . behind the tunnel , in the stern , Red October 's giant propeller come to a stop . suddenly , more light appear , distort by a sudden rush of water . CUT -- to : jone in the dalla ' sonar shack , work he computer . the cob be behind he , beaumont to he leave . Red October 's ampisfied hiss for ms the room . suddenly , the hiss stop Jones frown . the blink light on he sonar display disappear . curious , the cob lean over Jones , study the screen : cob what happen ? jone do not know . cob what do you mean , do not know ? CUT to : ramius on the deck by the phone in Red October 's conn . conscious of all eye on he , he turn to a helmsman : ramius Left full rudder . helmsman rudder be leave fub .. ramius Navigator , make you new course two -five -zero . kamarov come to course two - five - zero . kama=ov draw a line on he chart . the new course be west into the Atlantic . suddenly , the intercom crackle : sonar ( vo ) sonar contact , captain Dead astern . a american Los Angeles 0ass3 borodin he must have be in we baffle . we can not have raising he hand , ramius activate the intercom ramius sonar . be the american turn to ballow we ? sonar ( vo ) ( on speaker ) no , Captain . no he 's not . he 's continue on we original course . ramius ( slow smile ) he can not hear we . silence , impulsively , kamarov start humming the internationale . of cer and enlist man join in . it snowballs . one at a time , the crew raise they voice throughout the boat in the torpedo room , engineering , wardroom and the conn , the anthem grow louder and louder . caught in the moment , ramius join the chorus . CUT to : mancuso stick he head into sonar . the cob and beaumont be on pin and needle . Jones be work he computer furiously . mancuso it do what ? jone it disappear , sir . mancuso t a d ) what be you talk about ? check you gear . jone running diagnostics , now , Captain . Jones be start to sweat . he run he test . nothing . urning , he stare blankly at mancuso : jone ( cont 'd ) sonar be work , sir . the Russian just disappear . one minute he be steady four thousand yard off we bow and then he be go . and be a second , I think I hear ... well ;-- mancuso heard what be jone ( reluctant ) I think , I hear sing , sir . mancuso sing ? Jones nod . hair stand up on the back of mancuso 's neck : CUT to : a soviet submarine dead in the water at four hundred foot . ' about the. size of the Dallas , this one 's bualt for speed and maneuverability . they do not come any better . super : ssn konovalov aku ] a Cass Soviet submarine grid Square 54-90 on the konovalov a crew work in the conn , read computer display , check communications and write emendation on status board . on the periscope platform captain vixtor tupolev ]ate - thirty , intense , lean over a navigator tab ] e. a blond man with a clipboard approach . he be lieutenant andrei bonavia early - thfty , tupolev 's executive officer . this conn be smaller than Red . October 's and the weird vibe perfectly reflect the rampant paranoia of the Commander : bonavia Captain tupolev ? tupolev what be it2l bonavia St m no sign of Red October , sir . I think we should surface and contact Red fleet Command . tupolev to what purpose ? bonavia to inform they Red October have not appear . tupolev what make you think she have not ? tupolev glide to a quartermaster 's station . follow he , bonavia 's stomach growl . tupolev have it occur to you that Red October may already be in position ? that ramius be merely hide behind he silent drive ? wait for I to break radio silence and make a fool of myself ? bonavia ( frustrate ) but - tupolev I will not break radio silence . we will lie here quietly for a few more hour . if ramius have not arrive by then , I will contact Red fleet Command . bonavia Captain , I be concerned that - tupolev I Care little for you concern , comrade . tupolev leave . bonavia glance at the quartermaster . his stomach growl again . CUT to : a black chaika : limo move through the security gate front a monstrous stalinist office building snow crack beneath cold tire . super : moscow karpotskiy prospekt Soviet navy pniitical dir ctorafie from he post in the portico , a uniform guard race to the limo and open the door for a dyspeptic , grumpy , old man . he be admiral yuri ilych padorin in a overcoat and a rumple hat , brim turn up in front . climb stair , padorin return rigid salute with a sour yeah - right - leave - me-alone wave , enter a colossal lobby padorin mount a giant staircase . Naval officer snap salute . padorin answer , dourly . yeah - heave - me-alone . mumbling , he move through anteroom leave a wake of aide and sue crawl all over themselves , whisper greeting on they lip . yeah - right-leave - me-alone . frown and cranky , padorin march into he private office where he 's meet by he seventy - four year old personal orderly . they have know each other forever and act like a old marry couple . the orderly take padorin 's overcoat and hat . behind a desk , padorin light a morning cigarette . the orderly bring tea thing and incessant small talk . padorin say nothing . finally , padodn sit , focus on the morning mail twenty or so letter be laid neatly on a blotter . yeah - right -leave - me-alone . yeah leave- me-alone . do not heel like deal with mail â €ž now . orderly there 's a note from marko ramiv there . admiral ( brightening ) ah , marko . the old coot : almost smile . this he ' Il read .. get the envelope open , he prepare for a good time . somewhere in the first paragraph , . he smile fade . the -hand hold he cigarette begin to shake . reaching absently for . the teacup , near the bottom of the pager padoadn choke , spilling everything . CUT to : dallas ' sonar shack mancuso at the door . beaumont be at he station next to Jones . wearing a headset , Jones concentrate on he sonar display . suddenly , he rip the headset off : jone Jesus Christ . somebody just step on the gas . ( re : display ) sonar contact , Captain . very loud . viktar class Soviet submarine . cut big hole in the water . bear six - five - zero . mancuso put it on the speaker . whining propellers and cavitation noise fi]1 the sonar shack . suddenly , more propellers : jone jeez . there 's another one . bear . , even -three . ( more ) hold on . there 's two more out there . they be all in a hurry and do not care who the hell know it . ( turning ) have the Soviets schedule submarine race today , sir ? mancuso I be gonna radio fleet Command . he take off . Jones hear something bury in the propellers and cavitation noise . a strange whooshing SOUND . frown , he start a tape rewarder . CUT to : a phone ringing , Ryan pick it up . he and Tyler be hip - deep in top secret fee in the naval archive stack . ryan yes ? ( listening ) no , this be Dr. Ryan . ( pause ) affright . he stare at Tyler quizzically , wait : greer' voice ( from phone ) Jack ? ryan yes , Admiral , I be --- greer' voice where the hell be you ?! get you ass to the south entrance of the executive offtce bufld in forty - five minute . it 's across from the White House . get 3t ryan yes , sir , but what 's - CUT to : greer in he of Ace on the phone to Ryan : greer let 's just say this be no longer a research project . now move ! CUT to : the white house in the background as Ryan spring from he car , racing up the step to the executive Office Building . at the top of the stair , wait for he , greer be already in motion : greer come on . Ryan follow he past a security guard and into a lobby decorate with secretary and suit , all , in quiet motion . at speed , Ryan true to keep up with greer : ryan I get a line on the door . you know what they be ? greer do not answer . impatient , Ryan follow he into a elevator greer push a button mark sub level four . turn to Ryan : greer a silent propulsion system . - ryan ( chagrined ) how do -? - 34 - greer Captain of the sub we have follow she radioe in . thing up and disappear right in front of he . but that be not the half of it . read . he hand Ryan a sheaf of message flimsy . the descend elevator stop . Doors open . Ryan read . greer leave . realizing he 's be leave behind , Ryan take off , enter a subterranean corridor reading and walk , Ryan do he best to keep up with greer : ryan Jesus ... ! this be unbelievable . ( turning page ) the kirov , too . they have sortle they whale bloody fleet ! greer about the size of it . glancing up from he read , Ryan notice a sign at the end of the corridor : sub level four white house security stop on a dime , he eye narrow : ryan where be we go anyway ? greer ( F ig ) brle$ng Jeffrey pelt . the. President 's National Security advisor . most of the Joint Chiefs will be there . along with a few other people . ryan who 's give the brieefing ? greer you be . ryan ( wide - eyed ) but greer the yeoman 'fl have the slide all , laid out . ail you have to do -- ten foot ahead , greer realize Ryan 's no longer fauow . stop , he come back : greer ( cont 'd ) look . no one know this material better than you do . give he a rundown on the sub and a precis of the stuff in you hand . he 's liable to ask some direct question . give he direct answer and say what you think . yowll do fine . come on . Ryan take a deep breath . jump CUT to : ryan following greer into the White House briefing room . Joint Chiefs be gather around a thirty foot conference table . greer introduce Ryan to a general and a admiral , then mingle . Left alone , Ryan spot , a lectern at the foot of the tabl . nearby , a yeoman tend a slide machine , a overhead projector and a large bulletin board . Ryan head for the lectern . the yeoman have a list of slide , some photo and mustration . try to gather he thought , Ryan step behind the lectern . jeffrey pelt the President 's National Security advisor arrive . in he mid-mss , wear wire - rim spectacle , pelt 's nearsight , broliant and a crackerjack poker player . Generals and admiral take they place . pelt site at the head of the tabl , turn to greer : pelt let 's get start . greer yes , sir . the preliminary briefing today with m be handle by Dr. Jack Ryan . I believe you have see some of he : work . pelt ( to ryan ) you may begin . take a sip of water , Ryan nod at the yeoman . projector be turned on : ryan gentlemen , the last twenty four hour have see some extraordinary Soviet naval activity . the first to sail be -- ( slide ) this ship , the Red October . a variant of the typhoon class , she 's some six hundred fifty foot long . thirty -two thousand ton submerge displacement , roughly the size of a World War ii aircraft carrier . ( beat ) unlike the standard typhoon , equip to fire long - range missile from Russian water , Red October carry fifty - six ss -311 , which be a short - range attack mis it with eight independent warhead . that 's four hundred forty - eight warhead all spedfically design to fire close in . ( another slide ) we believe this door on the bow , and here again on the stern , enclose a magneto- hydrodynamic drive , or caterpillar , which may allow the sub to run totally silent . ( another slide ) it be possible this new drive system allow the captain , a man name marko ramius - Ryan point out two photo on a bulletin board . one be of ramius alone . the other be a wedding photo of ramius and a beautiful woman . ryan ( cont 'd ) to elude one of ' we attack boat , the Dallas , which trail Red October for be om harbor this morning . ( pointkuy ) this drive , if it 's work , could render Red October invvsihl8 to we sosus warning net in the Atlantic . pelt you would characterize this as a first strike weapon , Dr. Ryan ? Ryan glance at greer . greer smi reassuringly . ryan there 's no doubt about that , sir . she be design to approach by stealth , and fire on a target with little or no warning . admiral a offensive weapon . the kind you start war with . ryan precisely , Admiral .. ( re : map ) if I may continue . shortly after the Dallas lose contact , there be additional Soviet mailing from pa tjarny , leningrad and the Mediterranean . the Soviets have some -- ( checking note ) fifty - eight nuclei submarine head at high speed into the Atlantic . and this afternoon 's satellite pass over policjarny find head bloom in the engineering plant of the kirov , the minsk and more than twenty cruiser and destroyer , , indicate that the bulk of they surface fleet be also prepare to sail . flushed , Ryan sit beside greer . pelt turn to greer : pelt conclusion ? greer absence of activity in the Pacific suggest this be probably just a exercise have nothing to do with the Red October . a General start to object . he 's cut off by judge moore , a white - haire civilian near the top of the table : moore NSA can speak to that , Mr. pelt . pelt moore I must emphasize the extremi ' sensitivity of this information and ask that on no aooount it leave this room . ( pelt nods ) before sailing , Captain ramius send a letter to Admiral yuri padorin , Chairman of Soviet Naval deployment . Painting at ramius ' wedding picture , Ryan whisper to greer : ryan that 's she uncle ! greer whose uncle ? ryan ( whispeg ) ramius ' wife . padorin 's she uncle ! greer have no idea what Ryan 's say . Moore 's still talk : moore the content of the letter be unknown , but Admiral padorin immediately demand a meeting with Premier ligachev and within minute of that meeting , the Soviet fleet sail with order to find Red October -- ( pause ) and sink she . audible intake of breath round the room . pelt be the first to recover : pelt sink she ? admiral my god . they have get a madman on they hand . he 's gonna start a war . a spirite discussion ensue . tuning it out , Ryan stare at the picture of ramius and he wife . urgently , he whisper to greer : ryan this be the twenty - gird , be not it ? greer nod . order in the room have break down . Generals and admiral argue vehemently about appropriate . response . stare at the photo , a light go off in Ryan 's brain : sljencel . Ryan realize everyone in the room be stare at he . pelt ( dryly ) you have something to add to the discussion , Dr. Ryan ? _ ryan uhhmm ... I be just think there be perhaps another possibility we ought to consider . Ryan take a deep breath . ryan ( cont 'd ) ramius might be try to defect . nobody move . Ryan glance at greer . greer roll he eye . too far out . Ryan 's on he own . the. General bristle : general do you mean to suggest - pelt go ahead , Dr. Ryan . ryan well , ramius train most of they Officer Corps . he would be in a position to sect man willing to help he . and he 's not Russian . ( warming up ) he 's lithuanian by birth , and by heritage . he be raise by he maternal grandfather , who be a fisherman . he have no child , no tie to leave behind and - ( beat ) this morning be the first anniversary of he wife 's death . general oh , come on ! look , what be you do here , anyway , Ryan ( to greer ) that 's he name , be not , Ryan ? ( turning ) ' you be just a analyst , right ? you can not possi , hly know -- ryan I know ramin , General . he 's. be a maverick for he entire career . I even meet he once at a embassy dinner . ï¿½met captain ramius , sir ? have you ever the General darken . make a decision , pelt turn to the Admiral : pelt bottom line , how long before rami&gt ; we will be in a position to launch he miss at we ? admiral four day . - 40 - pelt alright . I will brief the President . that will , be all , gentleman . ( beat ) Dr. Ryan . would you stay for a moment , please ? everyone get up to leave . as greer rise , he wink at Ryan : greer I say speak you mind , Jack , but jesus -- shaking he head , greer pat Ryan 's shoulder and leave . Ryan 's mouth be dry . pelt get up : pelt you slam the door on the General pretty hard , Jack . ryan it be not my intention , sir - pelt ( grinning ) yes it be . he be patronize you and you stomp on he . in my opinion , he deserve it . ( beat ) look , I be a politk : ian , Jack . that mean I be a liar , a cheat and when I be not kissing baby I be steal they lallipop . but it also mean I know people and keep my option open . ( beat ) let 's assume for a minute that you be right and he intend to defect what do you think we should do ? ryan well , somebody have to go out and try - - to contact he . pelt ok . when can you leave ? ryan ( flushed ) wait a minute . the General be right . I be just a analyst -- pelt perfect . I can not ask any of this chau'kftacter to go . none of they would volunteer put they reputation on the line . and anyway , none of they be expendable . ( ryan frowns ) ir ] . give you three day to prove you theory , after that we will not have any choice but to hunt ramius down and blow he away . will , you do it ? Ryan stare at pelt . CUT to : choppy sea below haze - grey sky . a ape break the surface , trail a small wake . submarine be below . in the konovalov tupolav spin the . periscope in the konova ]ov 's conn . bonavia bring he a message . frown , tupolev read it . tupolev mother of god. ( turning ) down scope . dive the ship . say in the conn , prepare to dive . tupalev be furious . turn to bonavia , he sneer : tupolev the entire Soviet fleet have be order to hunt ramius down and destroy he . and where be we ? out of contact . Dead in the water ! bonavia but , Captain . have you forget that it be you who - tupolev ( turning ) I have forget nothing . all ahead flank . come to course three - five-zero . CUT to : ramius at the head of a table in Red October 's wardroom , borodin to he leave . Seven officer sit or stand to the side . beside borodin lieutenant alexander melekhin forty , grey eye , Red October 's engineer . at the door ensign ivan stadnyuk nervous , twenty , asiatic , lock a dead bait , secure the wardroom . tension be elect_ic , palpable . lieutenant viktor tbilisi thirty , curly brown hair , Red October 's sonar offer , stare at ramius , anxious to get something off he chest : T billsi before we begin , Captain . I would like to know exactly what happen to Putin ? ( beat ) he do not slip on he tea . do he ? ramius no , vlktor . visibly shake , stadnyuk wave he hand : stadnyuk Captain ? ramius there be no way we could have accomplish we task with Putin aboard . he would have stop we . T bilisi I have no objection to eliminate he . he be a pig . but it 's a decision we should all have make . borodin you be not in command . T bilisi do not give I that command garbage , vasily . this be no ordinary cruise . we be all risk we life . everything that happen affect - each of we . ramius enough ! Putin be dead . the responsibility and the guilt be mine . ( pause ) there 's something else you should know . on the morning we sail , I post a letter to Admiral padorin announce we intention to defect . borodin 's jaw drop . tbilisi . be speechless . kamarov whisper : kamarov in the name of God , why ? ramius we need to burn the bridge . make a clean break . I stadnyuk ( shrieking ) they will find we ! they will hunt we down ! 80 rodin ( hissing ) keep you voice down , Ivan . nobody can find we . tbilisi ( to ramius ) you have to do it , do not you ? you could n't` just fallow the plan and turn the ; submarine over to the Americans . ( voice rising ) you have to rub Moscow 's nose in it and make some kind of hare - brain political statement . ( angry ) goddammit , marko . you sign we death warrant ! ramius ( eye blazing ) how many time have you serve in my command , viktrxr ? T bilisi ( stammering ) many time -- ramius do you know I to be a man who talerate insubordination ? tbili - blanch , but will not look away . ramius glance at the other : ramius ( cont 'd ) return to you post . all of you . no one move . time crawl by . finally , borodin get to he foot : borodin you hear the Captain . dismiss ! one by one , the man file out of the wardroom . when they be go , borodin turn to ramius , ... speak quietly : ' borodin ( cont 'd ) Captain . I would never disagree with you in front of the man . but viktor be right . we be in this together . what we be attempt be d'f cult . and -- ramius we original order be to demonstrate that this ship can not be find . ( beat ) that be precisely what we will do . CUT to : jone work he tape recorder in the Dallas ' sonar shack . vary speed , dumfter extraneous noise , Jones be isolate the eer9e whooshing SOUND .: CUT to : sheet lightning in a raging STORM . a c-2a greyhound appear , turboprop scream , buffete like a ping -gong ball on a howling canvas of pitch } in the greyhound Ryan ride out the storm . he 's wear the uniform of a naval commander . heavy turbulence . lightning irradiate window .- a navigator sit directly behind Ryan at a small desk build into the bulkhead . - 45 - behind the navigator in a cockpit , pilot and copilot . eyeing Ryan , the navigator shout : navigator some turbulence . hey , Commander ? ( no answer ) you do not enjoy fly ? Ryan shakeshis head . gleefully , the navigator bellows : navigator ( cont 'd ) this be a picnic , Commander . you should have be with I six month ago when we hit a typhoon in the Sea of Japan . guy be puke all . over the place . the plot puke all over he window . I puke the radio to death . puke be everywhere and I be not talk lightweight stuff . I be talk industrial strength puke ! ryan ( swooning ) next time you get a bright idea , Jack , try put â€¢ it in a memo . navigator anyway , when we hit that typhoon everybody know what everybody else have for breakfast . puke be on the ceiling . puke be in the ais1 's Ryan be green . CUT to : a aircraft carrier in the STORM , bob like a cork in twenty - foot wave , thirty - foot landing ï¿½ strip . surging violently in all direction . USS kennedy the North Atlantic 100 mile south of Greenland - on the deck , a landing signal officer scream into a , ; . walkie - talkie . rain pound he face . wiping he eye , he spot the greyhound . head for the carrier . propellers shriek over the STORM . lso bellows instruction into he walkie - talkie . at the last moment , wheel rip into the deck . a hook on the Greyhound 's belly catch the last wire . SPARKS cascade on wet steel . move across the deck with a ensign captain charle davenport fiort ies , in a leather flight jacket , approach the Greyhound . shout sailor batten down the plane . a door open . Ryan climb down a ramp on shaky leg . take he arm , davenport shout : davenport Charles davenport , commanding officer of the Kennedy ! the Admiral be wait for you in he quarter ! a steward pour coffee into a large mug on a tray load down with sandwich . setting down the coffee , the steward leave . rear admiral joshua painter fifty , a man of puritanical integrity , take a hit of the ooze in he quarter on the Kennedy .. knock on the door . Ryan and davenport enter . ryan ; ' ( sha ) dog hand ) Jack Ryan , Admiral .. sorry for the confusion , but , as : -l be just . tell Captain davenport , I be not a naval of cer ( beat ) I work for Admiral greer at the . CIA . he think I would draw less attention if i.was in uniform . painter you want coffee ? something to eat ? ( ryan doesn 't ) alright : . what can I do . for you , son ? you gonna tell I what all this activity be about ? Ryan hand painter a lettew . open it , painter study the - 47 - content . davenport lean on a bulkhead , stare at Ryan . painter return the letter : painter ( cont 'd ) can not get any higher authority than that . now , what 's go on ? CUT to : jone at a translucent status board in the quartermaster 's station on the dalla . behind the status board , project on a screen , a nautical map of the North Atlantic . mancuso and Thompson enter . jone ( to mancuso ) I know you be busy , Captain . but I may have something here . mancuso go ahead . jone I have be work on a sound I hear when the typhoon disappear . I wash it through the tape machine several time and manage to isolate it . but when I ask the computer to identify it , the answer I got. be magma displacement . mancuso magma displacement ? jone yes sir . see , the system we be use be originally - design to look four seismic event and although we adapt it . to hunt for submarine - mancuso utto the chase , jonesy ._:. , jone aye , aye , sir . anyway , ; I get curious , and . start tracking . the sound on we lateral array . I locate it four different time . the fifth time it be go and I could not find it . but I want to show you what I work up . pick up a grease pencil , Jones make calculation on the status board overlay the nautical map : - 48 - jone ( cont 'd ) the first contact be at zero- nine - be hour and the bear be two-six - nine . ( drawing line ) then at zero-nine - thirty hour it be bear two-six - zero . and at zero-nine - forty - eight be be two-ive - zero . ( another line ) I come back to it at about ten-hundred and the bear be two -four-two . the last signal be real faint and I do not have a very good lock on it . mancuso so ? jone well , I figure it could not be very far away from we , right ? let 's say it be halfway between we and Iceland . that would put it on a course like this . Jones make more calculation on the. status board . mancuso recognize a pattern : mancuso headed directly into Red Route one . jone exactly . Sir , I believe the sound I hear be the acoustical signature of some kind of super- quiet Russian submarine and he 's take the inshore track off the Iceland coast . thompson what do you think , captain ? mancuso stare - at the status board , then turn to Jones : mancuso let I see if I get this straight . the three minion dollar computer tell you you be chase after a earthquake and you be not convinced . so you get curious and come up with this theory : on you own ? jone ( uncertain ) yes , sir . mancuso relax , jonesy . you sell I . Jones gran . - 49 - mancuso ( cont 'd ) let I ask you this . if we get close to this super leat sub again , you think you can track he down ? jone yes , sir . now that I know what to listen for , I '1 bag the sucker cold . CUT to : davenport frown at Ryan , who sit opposite he , finish a sandwich : davenport Christ '_ I have hear some strange stuff , Ryan , but that take it . ramius must have a hundred man on that boat . they can not all want to defect . he would have a mutiny on he hand . ryan not not s_ ~ : 4'y . if he personally recruita d the oficer , it 's theoret i ally possible - davenport theoretically , anything 's p â€¢ but you be not in some cubicle at CIA . over by the porthole , painter clear he throat : painter for the sake of argument , let 's assume you be right and ramius intend to defect . what be you gonna do with the boat ? you cant keep it . the Russians will . want it back . and they rl know you have get it , :` because the crew wl ]l tell they so . or do you intend to keep they too ? ryan perhaps it would be enough to get some I man aboard to analyze the propulsion system - painter ( smiling ) F a Coast Guard inspection ? ryan perhaps . I be not sure that --- L I painter well , I agree with chuck on one thing , son . you have get you neck stretch way out there . do not greer ever teach you the rule of survival in a bureaucracy ? ( Ryan smile weakly ) still , it would be nice to keep it . when 's the last time you sleep ? ryan can not remember . every time I get . the chance , somebody put I on another airplane . painter ok . why do not you rack out fear a while . the chief outside will find you quarter . ( stand ) we will be in CIC in the morning . it 's gonna get real interesting out here the ' next couple of day . painter when you shook hand with he , you notice the ring on he finger , , Chuck ? ( davenport didn 't ) class of M. Marine Corps . painter greer tell I about he . Three week after he be commission , he be in a chopper on a rescue mission in the Med . they go down . bad. p11 and crew kill instantly . that kid spend eight month in traction with a break . back , and two year learn to walk again . I think lot :'s o k for he to wear . : the uniform . - ( beat ) , do not you ? - 51 - I close the door to a stateroom . exhausted , he tumble face down on a lower bunk , head on a pillow . a sliver of light from the door to a head hit he face : ryan ( mumbling ) gotta be pie ... anything 's possible ... under the guise of Coast Guard ... better to keep it .. how do you keep ft ? Ryan 's sound asleep . CUT to : melekhin surround by howling noise in Red October 's engineerin compartment . the. bulkhead shake . a technician shout technician converter temperature ' be egress above speck and rise ! melekhin ( shout back ) what 's the status of the cryog technician ( shout ) liquid helium discharge pressure be one . hundred pound low and drpl g! ramius and borodin race into the compartment , pet= be right behind they . the ship groans . ramius . bellows : ramius what be it ? melekhin ( shout back ) he cryogenic plant have fail ! the super conduct magnet be not be cool and the temperature of the . caterpiar assembly be rise to dangerous level .. if we do not turn it , off , it 's gonna melt ! ramius ( to technician shut everything down ! ship shudder . technician work at a fever white as a ghost . in second , the racket stop . technician caterpi ' ] ] be flow be stabilize . ( beat ) magnet temperature be drop . petrov ( scare ) any reactor damage ? melekhin there be a power spike , but the reactor scrammed itself automatically . petrov but be there any radiation -- melekhin ( angry ) i. do not know , dammiti ramius how long before you can fix it ? melekhin I have to find out what 's wrong first . it could be a problem with the liquid helium cycle . maybe the super conduct material have fail . ramius we be go to have to run a normal propuLainn . can you get the reactor up ? melekhin y ] petrov - should not - 'we first check the ramius that will be all , Doctor . frightened , petrov , stare at ramb , the Captain 's indomitable . petrov leave . borodin have concern of he own : borodin ' what if we be detect , Captain ? ramius pray that we be not , vasily . CUT to : jeff pelt : ` in a chair in he offf in the executive Office Building . through a window , the White House . on a couch opposite he andrei lysenko fifty , dewlap Soviet ambassador to the United States , in a dark suit and tie . lysenko 's uncomfortable . pelt stare at he : pelt forgive I , ambassador , for dispense with the usual formality . but the President view this situation as critical . we m,7 ttary count thirty - two of you anti-submarine aircraft in the sky lay down enough sonar buoy that a man could walk from Greenland to Norway without get he foot wet . what 's go on ? lysenko we fear she may . be down . lysenko lean forward : lysenko ( cont 'd ) I hope there will not be any confusion in this matter . pelt so do I , ambassador lysenko . confusion could be -- ( caref 'ully ) catastrophic . CUT to : a soviet bear foxtrot anti-submarine aircraft , blasting through cumulus at thirty thousand foot , turboprop howling , a blaze firedog in the white - hot sun . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , a wall of electronic equipment support the starboard . bulkhead . warrant officer andrei amalric twenty , Soviet sonar operator , spot something on a sonar display simuar to Jones ' . speak into a headset : amalric sonar contact on buoy number one - seven-nine . contact be twenty - seven mile southwest , ze o-nine - zero . data indicate contact be Red October . in the cockpit of the foxtrot : , forward of amalr4c , pilot and copilot be . surround by dial and switch : pilot ( into headset ) acknowledge , sonar . come to course . - zero-nine -zero . ( to copilot ) contact Red fleet Command and r2con8rm . we order . grabbing a mike , the copflct flip toggle switch above he head . lean on the yoke , the p 110t turn the plane . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , amalric work he computer , wiping sweat from he forehead : - 55 - amalric ( into headset ) recommend drop a four buoy localization pattern . will coach to drop paint . in the sky turboprop shrieking , the foxtrot rocket out of a cloud bank at unbelievable speed , leveling off above the racing ocean . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , amalric nudge he computer , punch up one program after another : amalric ( into headset ) vector to the drop paint . Zero - nine - five . eighteen male . in the cockpit of the foxtrot , the pilot steer the vector . beside he , the copilot talk into a phone : copilot Red fleet Command , this be bear foxtrot two -eight -four . we have contact evaluate as Red October . request conformation to attack ? ( turning ) Captain , order to attack be confirm . pilot arm. the weapon . the copilot start flipping more toggle switch . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , amalric concentrate on the shimmer display : amalric ( into headset ) vector zero-nine-six , ten mZ 7es . two minute to the drop paint . in the cockpit of the foxtxvt , still push toggle switch , the copilot check a fire control monitor , glance at the pilot : - 56 - copilot weapon be armed . all pre-launch check be satsfactcry . in the sky the foxtrot chew up the afternoon , a deadly projectile hell bent on destruction . below , the ocean streak by . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , prepare to launch he localization pattern , amalric press a button on he fire control console : amalric ( into headset ) buoy be away . recommend standard turn to the right . in the sky four sonar buoy exit the belly of the foxtrot . trail parachute , they splash into the ice- cold sea . CUT to : ramius in Red October 's conn , talk in hushed tone with melekhin and borodin . oblivious to they conversation , the crew move about in the background . ramius what do you mean , â€ž you stall , do not know ? melekhin Captain , I need - borodin dammit , Alex . if we run any longer on normal power , weaf have the w-hole - T bilisi ( vo ) ( on speaker ) Captain , sonar ! we have just be overflown by a low altitude multi- engine turboprop ! ramius ( grabbing mike ) put it on audio . sonar on audio . ramius glance at borodin . ashen , borodin put down a clipboard . at he quartermaster station , stadnyuk upend , a mess of pencil . tbilisi ( V o ) ( on speaker ) several short transient be close aboard . could be water entry of small object ! ramius all stop ! ( to melekhin ) we have just run out of time , comrade . get we out of this mess . and hurry ! ( melekhin split ) quartermaster , sounding ? ( no answer ) dammit , Ivan . give I a sounding ! stadnyuk ( stammering ) there be five hundred meter under the keel .. ramius ( into mike ) torpedo room , this be the Captain . prepare to launch a counter - measure . ramin and borodin exchange glance . at he quartermaster station , stadnyuk be paralyze with fear . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , amalrioa wipe he brow , continue to work he computer : amalric ( into headset ) I have a confirm and localize target . I be ready to shift aircraft control to computer for weapon fire . in the cockpit of the foxtrot , the copilot run a final check . adjusting he headset , the pilbt answer amalric : pilot ( into headset ) you have permission to shift aircraft control . ( to copilot ) ask God for forgiveness , comrade . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , ama1ric enter a program on he keyboard . watch it lock in , he announce : amalric ( into headset ) Computer be now in control , of aircraft . in the sky the foxtrot level off . bomb bay door inch open , revealing a torpedo , sixteen inch in diameter and eight foot long . as the plane 's nose dip , the torpedo relaasee . parachute open behind , a thousand pound of doomsday device dive earthward at dizzying speed , splash into choppy sea . on red october in the conn , ramius listen to sonar on audio . faint ping appear , grow inexorably louder , more frequent , the submariner 's worst nightmare : tbilisi ( vo ) ( on speaker ) High speed screw l torpedo in the water ! ramius ( into mike ) torpedo room , this be the Captain . Launch counter -measure . the conn shudder . Metal grind . within moment , a second pinging be add to that of the torpedo on audio . torpedo room ( vo ) ( on speaker ) Captain , this be the torpedo room . counter - measure have be launch . in the water outskle Red October . the counter - measure , a device similar to a torpedo , design to confuse acoustic home mechanism , spin away pram Red October on high -speed screw . on red october in the conn , torpedo and counter - measure ping loudly on ship 's speaker . cool as ice , ramius turn to kamarov , at dive control : ramius bottom the ship . stadnyuk wait ! leave he quartermaster 's station , stadnyuk stand on shaky leg between ramius and kamarov : - 59 - stadnyuk ( cont 'd ) the bottom be five hundred meter down . we9l be crush ! ramius you be relieved of you duty , Ivan ! return to you quarter . ( beat ) now ! amplify ping . torpedo 's get closer . the counter- measure be moving away . wait until . stadnyuk have go , ramius turn to the kamarov : ramius ( cont 'd ) bottom the damn ship ! in the water tank flooding , Red October dive into the abyss .. Beyond , in the clammer dark , the torpedo hurtle relentlessly forward , death on wheel . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , amalrk listen to the torpedo : amalric ( on headset ) weapon have lock onto target and be home . on red october :. in the conn , man bang on . everything be at a forty - five degree down angle . kamarov watch a depth gauge plummet . kamarov four hundred meter . bulkhead crack under ton of pressure . torpedo and counter - measure ' . ping on audio . Red October dive under the torpedo . it miss the safl by inch . lack a target , it automatically initiate a wide turn to the leave . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , . amaltic report the torpedo 's progress , vaice for lat : - 60 - amalric ( into headset ) torpedo have lose contact . ( listening ) search . on red october in the conn , man hang on as the ship dive deeper . kamarov watch the depth gauge creep into a red zone . torpedo ping be farther apart , less frequent . tbiissi ( vo ) ( on speaker ) torpedo have pass over we . it 's hunt for a target . kamarov ( reading ) four hundred fifty meter . estimate bottom at five hundred meter . ail eye be fix on the depth gauge . bulkhead pop . a saltwater relief valve explode . blasted in the fame with water , a helmsman leap to he foot , scream : helmsman we be flooding ! expressinnless , kamarov slam he back to he chair and shut down the relief valve . the spray stop : kamarov keep you tooth on the shelf , boy . nobody 's flooding . ( reading ) pass four hundred seventy - fve meter . estimate bottome in twenty - five meter . water the Red October hit bottom , kick up sand and sit , bulkhead fragile as eggshell . in the fuselage of the foxtrot , amalric strain to hear on he headset . suddenly , .his eye light up : amalric ( into headset ) weapon have reacquire . home againi on red october in the conn , bulkhead groan . on the audio , torpedo and counter - measure ping fall into sync : tbiiisi ( vo ) ( on speaker ) Captain , the torpedo be home on we counter - measure ! ping begin a weird contrapuntal dance , ultimately become simultaneous . in the water two thousand meter from Red October , the torpedo explode . ton 'of water be displace . on red october in the conn , concussion rock the hull . sailor cling to the bulkhead . equipment crash to the floor . Dust fall from the ding , . light flicker . on the deck , face strobing in the blink light , ramius look unearthly . the helmsman , water drip from he clothes , whisper : helmsman Captain , who 's shoot at we ? kamarov easy , boy . borodin cough . confused , the crew watch they Captain . light stay on . concussion die down . ship speaker crackle : melekhin ( vo ) ( on speaker ) Captain , the caterpa`llar be fix . silent drive be operational . jarred from he reverie , ramius open the intercom , speak to the entire ship : ramius this be the Captain . the explosion you just hear be the first operational test of a new counter - measure . the torpedo be launch by we friend in Soviet aviation . borodin stare at ramius : ramius ( cont 'd ) until now , order require that I keep this aspect of we mission secret so that you might be evaluate under simulate battle condition . ( to kamarov ) Pump we off the bottom and engage the cï¿½taerpa 't]ar . nobody move . ramius be indomitable : ramius ( cont 'd ) dive officer , bring the ship to one hundred meter . kamarov ( to planesman ) Pump auxiliary to sea . twenty thousand pound . ( no response ) now ! galvanize , the planesman make preparation to raise the ship . ramius stare at borodin . thing be get rag . CUT to : ramius , melekhin and borodin in a cramped tunnel beneath Red October 's engineering compartment . melekhin be hold a steel . pipe . above , a piece of rope dangle from some gear . a slipknot have be tie on the loose end . melekhin someone rig the pipe so that when we take a down angle it would fall into the gear . ramius melekhin no doubt about it . and whoever it be know exactly how to cripple the caterpillar in a way not easy to find . ( beat ) I st ] ] . do not know if there 's any react= damage . i9 ] . have to take a sample of the axilant . - we be deal with no ordinary sailor . ramius ( to bo=odin ) we21 . have to find a way to get the crew off this ship , now . we be in danger every second they be aboard . borodin but , Captain . there 's over a hundred of they . CUT to : ryan brush he tooth in the head adjacent to he stateroom on the Kennedy . through a open door , he unmade bunk . catch sight of himself in the mirror : ryan we would have to get rid of the crew . ( beat ) how do you get the crew off a nuclear submarine ? CUT to : jone in the dalla ' sonar shack , work furiously with he equipment . beaumont watch . the cob 's behind he . transient ocean noise on speaker . over the intercom : mancuso ( os ) sonar , conn . anything yet , tonesy ? jone ( into intercom ) conn , sonar . negative , Captain . cob where be you phantom Russian sub , jonesy ? accord to you calcuiat kaon we ' should have pick he up hour ago . jone he 's close . I can feel it . cob Close do not count in anything but horseshoe and hand grenade . beaumont chortle . Jones glance at he : jone do not encourage the man , seaman beaumont . he 's very old . cob - the hell , you say . jone you be a old man , cob . Way over the ham . you trout be so wrinkle it 's about to faU off . cob screw you . jone speak of which , what happen to that hustler Magazine that be in the head ? cob ( blanching ) do not start on that crap . beaumont grin . the C o 8 and Jones be everything he hope the navy would be : beaumont ( m ay ) what hustler magazine ? jone for many month , seaman beaumont , there be a hustler magazine locate in the crew 's head . it be community property . ( working sonar ) then one day , it disappear . the ..cob . here be the last person see enter the head before it vanish . beaumont where would it ' go ? cob ( squirming ) come on , jonesy . jone I have a theory , seaman beaumont . I believe the CO B be like a black widow , spider . after he have sex with a magazine , he eat it . beaumont howl . the cob turn pink . - 65 - cos goddam you , jonesy -- jone ( raising he hand ) wait ! Jones the tune a dial . in the distance , barely di i nguishahle through transient noise , the sound of rustling water follow by a fleeting hum . CUT to : painter lean over a status board in the combat information Center on the Kennedy . replete with light , the status board reveal detail of force deployment . Ryan enter , carry copse : ryan Morning , Admiral . painter sleep well ? ryan like the dead . ( be : status board ) we friend have be busy . painter during the night , they position most of they front line submarine at barrier station between Greenland and Iceland . here , here and here . ( pig ) the majority of they Northern fleet surface vessel be move in a line abreast through here . ( beat ) it 's a old anti submaxlne tactic . like beater in the jungle make a lot of noise , drive the prey into the gun of wait hunter . ( pig ) one of we submarine , the da71as , report intermittent contact with Red October and be position here at the bottom of Red Route one . with luck , the Dallas will inte pt she . ryan could you get I aboard the Dallas ? - 66 - painter we could fly you out there in a helicopter . but I do not think you would like that much . ryan - ( ashen ) no other way ? painter that 's all there be , I be afraid . put down he coffee cup , Ryan stare at the status board . a sal ] ci be arrive with a message . reading it , painter glance at Ryan : painter ( cont 'd ) dailas find Red October and be back she now . lock eye with painter , Ryan grit he tooth . ryan ( fly ) memo . from now on nothing but memo . CUT to : mancuso at tire control in the Dallas ' conn . Thompson 's on the deck . thompson ( to mancuso ) Captain , we be about a thousand yard on Red October 's port quarter . she 's tracking on course two -one - zero , eight knot . mancuso Jones -' study he with tern - the cob stand behind he . beaumont watch . a]l kid have stop . this be strictly business : jone ( on mike ) conn , sonar . signal to noise ratio be drop . ( beat ) possib3e aspect change on Sierra thirty - five , Red October . in the conn at fire control , mancuso be suddenly alert . thompson sonar , conn , aye . FIRE control concur , possible zig . bear rate increase to the right . in sonar Jones study he equipment . beaumont wonder what 's go on . suddenly , Jones bark : jone ( into mike ) conn , sonar . crazy Ivan ! in the conn like a cat , mancuso move onto the deck behind Thompson , eye blaming : mancuso ( to thompson ) all stop i come leave and stay in he baffle . ( F ig ) rig for quiet run . all compartment eliminate noise evolution . in sonar the cob and Jones ft+eeze . everything 's super-quiet . beaumont whisper : beaumont what ! 's ' go on , jonesy ? jone ( whispering ) the Soviet Captain have a blind spot astern in he baffle and he 's turn suddenly to see if he can catch we there . it 's a trick the Soviets use call a crazy Ivan turn . ( beat ) you average skipper might get catch with he pants down . not mancuso . we stop all engine and turn with he . stay in he baffle . quiet as a mouse . beaumont frown . second pass . work he equipment , Jones whisper into he mike : jone ( cont 'd ) conn , sonar . Red October be come leave . my read be he 's return to base course . ( gig at beaumont ) skipper get he . the Russian have not get a clue . in the conn on the deck , mancuso glance at fire control . FIRE control bear rate have steady . he 's return to course two -one - zero . man cuso very well . secure from quiet run . radioman enter . radioman ( to mancuso ) just decrypt this message from fleet Command , sir . open the message , mancuso scan it : mancuso damn ! thompson what ? mancuso !re not gonna believe this . CUT to : thundering rotors on a sh - 3 on the Kennedy 's flight deck . Ryan and davenport move to the wait chopper . davenport shout : davenport the Dallas pick up Red October and be tracking she again . the Admiral issue order for she to fall back and pick you up . davenport take Ryan 's arm . davenport ( cont 'd ) Ryan , listen to I . get someone on a sub be a nightmare . the Admiral tell I what happen to you in the Mediterranean . the next hour could be very rough . Ryan ftroe a grin . a sax7or help he into the helicopter . davenport step back . rotors accelerate . CUT to : jeff pelt in he chair in he office in the executive Office Building . sitting on the couch in precisely the same position as when they last talk , ambassador lysenko wipe he brow : lysenko the weather in Washington be so unpredictable , do not you think ? pelt how can I help you , ambassador ? lysenko I be afraid there 's be a pew development . ( pause ) apparently , the initial report that one of we submarine be miss be not completely accurate . ( pelt be silent ) , the. submarine in question , Red October , be command ' by a Captain marko ramius apparently be he have suffer some kind of a nervous breakdown ... ( sweat ) he - post a letter just before he announce he intention to fire he mis ' it at the United stat s. pelt stare at lysenko . lysenko shift he weight . _ the Russian find pelt 's steady â €¢.gaze unnerve : pelt why do not you tell I this the last time we meet ? lysenko in my position , I be sometimes compromise by the fact that Moscow do not tea I everything . pelt so one of you submarine captain have go insane ? ( lysenko nods ) what be it you want from we ? lysenko the other day you offer you assistance pelt the other day it be a rescue mission . you want we to help you hunt ramius down and kill . he ? lysenko because american life be at stake , I have be instruct to ask you President for precisely that . ( swallowing ) since you be so adamant about the consequence of confusion , I think we might ask he together . pelt I understand . pelt pick up the phone . CUT to : broken sunshine dapple a choppy sea . Ice -cold wind whip whitecappe wave and lash the horizon . the helicopter with Ryan aboard circle into view . in the chopper howling . noise . pilot and copilot navigate tricky wind .. two sailor crouch by a open door , check a harness on Ryan . tuiind to the pi to , the copilot bellows : copilot no contact with the da'ha ! # ( reading gauge ) fuel capacity be in the red ! pilot we can not wait any unger ! copilot hang on . I have contact ! pilot ok . tell they to surface . ( re : ryan ) hook he up ! but hurry , we do not have much fuel leave ! sai ] , or thread cable through a winch by the door . Ryan 's white as a ghost . noise be deafening . another saï¿½ar belt a harness to Ryan 's back . Ryan peer down . wind from the rotor crush the wave . between he foot , Ryan can see the small white wake from a periscope . on the dallas in the conn , mancuso spin the scope . Thompson watch he . both he and mancuso wear life jacket : mancuso whoever this guy be , he 's in far one hell of a ride . ( no ) Officer of the deck . surface the ship . a flurry of activity in the conn . the Dallas prepare to surface . mancuso and Thompson move to a hatch by the helm . in the chopper the saftor i nish strapping Ryan into the sling . one of they lean forward , painting to a ]ever on Ryan 's chest , shout : sailor pull this to release ! Fighting . panic , Ryan glance down . a mitlion mile below , the sea ban - mine -grey . on the dallas sail in the conn work like lightning in cramped quarter . a petty af â‚¬'lcer strap mancuso and Thompson into harness . mancuso you get a man dangle at the end of a line with no paint of reference and helicopter rotor generate enough static electak ty that we have to ground he or it ! l be like grab a hot wire and if he fall in the water the only way to get he out be with diver ' cause most of the ship 's underwater . ( pause ) fun ? thompson ( G ning ) why I join the navy . a sager hand mancuso a phone for the bridge . thompson ( cont 'd ) I put jonesy in the forward escape hatch in case he go in the drink . mancuso good . we get no idea who this guy be or why the navy want he on we boat so bad . in the chopper teeth chatter , sta:ugg g with deja vu , Ryan be transfix by , the sub -zero ocean . howling wind and crashing rotors . eye wide , he watch the dallas rise first the sail , then the foredeck explode high into the air , finally crashing back to the water . on the dallas the cob help Jones climb into a escape trunk aft of the sail . it 's cramped and brightly light . Jones check he equipment . in the chopper Ryan watch mancuso and Thompson climb out of the sail onto the lurching bridge . the sailer lean close , hollering : sailor hang on ! he trip a laver on the winch . cable feed out a few foot holding he breath , Ryan inch into the abyss . on the bridge mancuso lay binocular on Ryan . Thompson tie both of they to the sail the sub pitch and roll . forward and aft be bury beneath wave . finger freezing , Thompson clamp one end of a jumper cable to a metal lip on the bridge to ground the sub against static generate by the helicopter 's rut in the AIR savage wind from the chopper 's rotors start spin Ryan like a top . desperately , he tram to control the dizzying motion . above , catch in a unexpected wind sheer , the chopper plummet seaward . Ryan 's line go slack . angry sea rush up at he with blister speed . in the chopper the pilot struggle for control . behind he , loose equipment slam into the winch , jamming the cable . cursing , the pilot regains control . the chopper stabilize . in the AIR cracking like a whip , the cable go taut . Ryan feel like he 's be hit with a sledgehammer . unable to breathe , he rip off he helmet . a rock in a sling , he try to get he bearing . everything 's grey . above , the chopper 's rotor chew the sky . help ] 's , Ryan start swinging like a pendulum . on the bridge mancuso and Thompson watch Ryan rocket by at Mach 10 . a huge arc carry he way out over the angry sea . slow down , Ryan start to spin again . mancuso ( scream ) see if you can get a ground on he line . I be gonna try and catch the bastard ! Way out on the horizon , Ryan reach the end of he arc and start a comet-like ride back at the ship . in the cropper the pilot feather . control try to reduce Ryan 's mind -boggle - ride . over he shoulder , he bellows : pilot reel he back in ! sailor ( try ) the cable 's jamme ! pilot if they do not pick he up this time , we have to cut he ioxe ! the sailor keep try to rewind the cable . no go. sweat , he wrap glove finger around the emergency release on the drum . in the AIR Ryan watch the Dallas ' see rush at he with unbelievable speed , a tower black monolith on a ubiquitous canvas of grey . on the bridge Thompson ready the ground , hold one end in the air . a wave blast the dallas . the grounding cable rip free of the bridge . surprise , Thompson go overboard . caught in he harness , he dangle helplessly above the water . mancuso and Ryan reach for each other as Ryan hurtle at the bridge . all hell break loose : a bolt of electricity arc between they oohed hand . blitzed , mancuso be knocked hard to he knee . in the chopper , the sailor pull . the release lever , cutting the cable . it slam back inside like a two ton rubber band . in the AIR unhook , Ryan sling - shot fifty yard over the pitching bow of the dalya , disappear beneath the ice-cold water . under the . water bubbles trail from he mouth , Ryan struggle to free himself from the harness . on the bridge a vision of hell , hair blow in all diyectlon , mancuso eyeball the spot where Ryan go down , scream : mancuso ( into phone ) man overboard ! Thompson drag himself back onto the bridge . in the escape trunk Jones hear mancuso 's voice booming over speaker : mancuso ( vo ) ( on speaker ) man overboard ! twenty yard off the starboard bow ! the cob slam the hatch , turn the trunk into a iron tomb . Jones pull a mask over he eye , activate he oxygen and drag open the exterior hatch . sea water thunder in , submerging he in icy stillness . secure a line to the bulkhead , Jones swim out into the swirl brine . in the AIR the chopper bank hard to the leave , climb into the mist and start circle the dam . in the water free of the harness , Ryan bob like a cork in the wave . fifty yard away , the keeness sub p bah violently . a ' diver surface next to Ryan . removing he mouthpiece , Jones bellows over the crashing sea : jone are. you injure !? jone I be gonna take you in through a escape trunk ! Jones hook Ryan to the line . Salt sting Ryan 's eye . his , breathe 's rag . on the dallas bedlam in the conn . staccato order . mancuso help Thompson through the hatch . Hell on wheel , mancuso disappear down a passageway . in the water Jones and Ryan ride wave by the curve hull . of the ship . Jones offer Ryan he mouthpiece . ryan wait a minute ! jone listen , you son - af - a- bit h. I be only gonna tell you once . stick this fuck thing in you mouth and breathe ! Ryan take the mouthpiece , inhale and exhaling rapidly . the helicopter circle above . Jones drag Ryan under the water into bruise silence . pull themselves downward along the dalla roll hull , Ryan and Jones share oxygen . in the escape trunk Ryan and Jones pull themselves inside . blaze light ignites a fire storm of one - cane organism . eye wide , Ryan watch Jones c3 se the hatch . Jones start drain the trunk . everything slow down . echoes reverberate . the water level in the trunk drop and the shriek of pressurized AIR assault Ryan 's eardrum . hurling the mouthpiece . away , he gulp air in the rapidly drain trunk like a bank trout . in the hallway outside the trunk , mancuso and crew open the hatch . tumble out , Ryan stand ; on shaky leg , excited , babbling : ryan Jesus Christ ! I cant believe it ! Jesus Christ -- Â» mancuso take it easy -- ryan when I hit the water , it be like Ice . I think I be go to freeze -- mancuso slow down . you be hypervent it sting . ( ryan blink ) now , who be you ? ryan ( disoriented ) sorry . I be Jack Ryan . be you Captain mancuso ? mancuso nod . the radioman appear with another message . mancuso rip it open and start read it . Ryan rocket into present time : ryan ( cont 'd ) Captain , we have to find the Red October . she 's a Russian -- mancuso ( reading ) I already find he , Ryan . then I be order to pick you up . ryan - ( quic ) dy ) we have to find he again . the Captain be go to defect and - mancuso what the hell be you yammer about ? ryan I have to talk to - mancuso Mr. Thompson . get this man some dry clothes and coffee . ryan but captain mancuso I ' Il be in the conn . jump CUT to : at the entrance of the sonar shack , fifteen minute later . behind he , in the conn , the crew be prepare to man battle station . Jones have return to sonar . mancuso ( to jone ) any sign that he 's alert to we presence ? jone no , sir , captain . operate as before . Ryan appear in dry clothes . mancuso ignore he . the of5cer of the deck turn to mancuso : ood Captain . Battle station be manned . mancuso very well . ryan what do you mean battle station ? ( urgently ) look , I have be authorize by the President of the United States to talk to the Captain of Red October . mancuso take the last message from he pocket : mancuso and I have be order to blow he out of the water if he stay on a course to the United States or demonstrate any hostile intention . ryan ( stunned ) I do not understand . mancuso ( re : message ) accord to this he 's go bughouse and intend to fire he missile . so much f= you defection theory . mancuso hand Ryan the message .. Ryan stare at . it . mancuso turn back to the officer of the deck : mancuso ( cont 'd ) Officer of the deck . make , ryan wail ! ( re : message ) think about this a second . naturally the Soviets would tall we he be insane . they want we to sink he before he have a opportunity to defect . jone ( to mancuso ) Captain , crazy Ivan . mancuso all. stop i come leave and stay in he baffle . rig for quiet run . the officer of the deck repeat mancuso 's order . mancuso and Ryan be eyeball - etc-eyeball .. Ryan whisper : ryan listen to I , Captain . there must be some way you can establish contact without violate you order . I be tell you , he want to defect . ( mancuso frowns ) if there 's ever go to be peace in the world somebody have to take a risk . give the man a chance . he 's defect . I know it . ( mancuso hesitate ) please . mancuso ( after a beat ) ail back two -third . nobody move . Jones glance at mancuso . mancuso stare at Ryan the of St be of the deck 's e d ood sorry , sir . would you repeat -- mancuso I say , aill back two -third ! helmsman helm answer . ail back two -third . Hell ring . ship shudder . Ryan 's ear pop . Jones glare at mancuso : mancuso ail shop ! ( to ryan ) ok , Ryan . we just unzip we fly . now if he so much as twitches , I " m.. gonna blow the bastard to Mars . CUT to : ramius in the conn on Red October , surround by activity . urgently , he speak into a mike : _ e0 - ramius sonar , this be ramius . can you identify the contact ? tbilisi ( vo ) ( on speaker ) american Los Angeles class attack submarine . bear zero-ftve - zero , range three hundred yard . CUT to : mancuso in the dalla ' conn , on the deck . Thompson 's at fire control . Ryan be to mancuso 's leave . Crew 's at battle station . mancuso flood tube one and two and make torpedo ready in all . respects . ryan wait - mancuso my order be specific , mister . thompson tube one and two flood and ready in all respects . CUT to : ramius as before in red. October 's - conn . the crew have come to battle station . borodin be at fire control .. tbilisi ( vo ) ( on speaker ) the american have flood he tube and be prepare to orel ramius ( to borodin ) prepare tube three and four and plot a solution . borodin shall I flood the tube ? ( no answer ) Captain , shall I flood the tube ? ramius ( after a beat ) no. lock the ( ring solution into computer . do not flood the tube . CUT to : mancuso on the daiias in the conn . eyeing Ryan , mancuso open a mike : mancuso what 's he do , jonesy ? have he l for ood he tube ? jone negative , Captain . he 's just matting there . hold on -- ( beat ) Hull pop . target 's come shallow . mancuso frown . the crew 's a case spring . Ryan 's walk on razor blade : ryan what do it mean ? mancuso it mean , he 's a very cool customer , you rus sian . he know we be here and that we be ready to fire . but he 's not go to provoke we . he 's head to periscope depth to see what 's on the surface . ( to thompson ) what 's he course , now ? thompson ( reading ) target be on course north . mancuso ( to - helmsman ) right ten degree rudder . steer course north . ( beat ) sonar , conn . report all contact . jone conn , sonar . my only contact be Sierra thirty - five , Red October . bear two - seven-zero . mancuso conn , aye . Fire control , range to target ? thompson Range be three hundred yard . mancuso dive oar make you depth sixty - for for have foot . ( to ryan ) he want to go up and take a peek , we will play along . on the surface grey sky . frothy sea . Red October 's periscope appear . second later , three hundred yard away , the dalla ' scope break the surface . on red october ramius be glue to the eyepiece of he periscope . he spot the Dallas ' scope in the water . behind he , sailor be tense , wary . uncomfortable , borodin sweat at fire control . ramius ( on scope ) weapon status ? borodin weapon be armed . tube one and two be not ficode . ramiu S ( at scope ) Mark this bear . quartermaster bear zero-nine-zero . in the conn , mancuso be glue to he scope just like ramius . Ryan can hear he heart not : mancuso all right , Mr. Ryan . you want to :. talk to he . there he be . what do you want to say ? Ryan choose he word carefully . as he do , mancuso hit a periscope light in morse : ryan american government tell you intend to launch mis. lc s. do not approach U.S. coast . repeat . do not approach U.S. coast , or you .w&gt ; 7 . be attack . if you understand , ping once . ( to mancuso ) he can do that , can not he ? mancuso he can do that . but be he gonna do that ? on red october in the conn , ramius be still at . the scope , watch the light in the dalla ' periscope . after a moment , he , glance at borodin : ram= verify the range again . ( beat ) ping one time only . on the dallas in the conn , mancuso 's at the scope . Ryan be scribbling something on a pad . sailor hear a ping . Thompson grin . mancuso i'd. be damme . ( to ryan ) now what ? ryan ( re : pad ) send he this . mancuso ( reading ) be you out of you mind ? ryan just send it . ( thinking ) and ten he to ping again if he agree . on red october in the conn , ramius be at the scope , watch the flash light . after a second , he step back , face white . finally , he turn to borodin : ramius verify the range one more time . borodin but Captain , I just -- ramius give I a sounding , ' vasily ! ping once only . borodin go to work . ramius stare at melekhin . melekhin frown . what the hell be happen ? on the dallas in the conn , mancuso , Ryan and the crew hear another ping . Ryan 's ecstatic . mancuso be not . mancuso down scope . ryan ( to mancuso , . , exditd ) I need to look at a nautical chart . do you have -- mancuso Ryan , what 's go on ? ryan ( 9 G ) if the Soviets want we to sink Red October . we just might have to oblige . CUT to : the deep black as night , reverberate with eerie nightmare . from the cloying dark , Red October rise , a shimmer phosphorescent giant . the reykjane ridge off the coast of Iceland Morning of the fourth day in engineering , petrov and melekhin stand at a sink on the reactor bulkhead . valve and tub hang over the sink . technician in the background . melekhin 's in rubber apron , glove and plastic face shield . dress identica my , petrov hall a book . Signs on the wall indicate radiation danger . petrov ( reading book ) shut valve three . melekhin valve three shut . he shut a valve with a large wrench . turn a page , petrov read : petrov place flask under valve four and draw one hundred m peter coolant sample . melekhin place flask under valve four . drawing sample . a tiny stream of fluid fa ]l into the flask . unexpectedly , a alarm goe off . technician freeze . petrov shut the valve and secure the sink ! melekhin shut the , valve . petrov stare at the alarm . below it , a meter be flash red : petrov ( cont 'd ) seal that sample in a plastic bag and take it to the lab . I ' i1 get the Captain ! CUT to : ramius and borodin drink tea and munch black bread in Red October 's wardroom . nobody else around . borodin smile at ramius fondly : borodin do you think they will let I live in Montana ? ramius I think they w91 let you live wherever you want , my find . borodin good . then I will raise rabbit in Montana and marry a round american I woman who will cook they for I . ( smiling ) and she will have friend who be Indians and we wiin ride horse on Sunday . ramius laugh . petrov barge in , talk as he enter : pet ro V Captain , there be high esâ–ºsion product level in the primary coolant ! ( babbling ) I know we should have check the reactor before we start it . when the caterpillar break down the vare must have be damage ! ranius keep you vcadoe down , Doctor . there be several explanation - petrov listen to I . radioactive fuel be in the water . if it get into we air , it could ' loll we all ! ramius I say , keep you voice down . the crew - petrov ( shrill ) I will not ! we have a level four radiation leak . and if something be not do , we be all go to die ! - ramius stand . suddenly , petrov remember where he be . ramius ' eye be bullet hole . wilting , , petrov stammer : petrov ( cont 'd ) forgive I , Captain . but - ramius it 's probably a piece of corrosion in the pipe . that happen . now let 's take ' another sample . but quietly . we do not want to panic the crew . jump CUT to : engineering minute later . melekhin and petrov prepare to draw another sample at the sink . ramius stand behind they . technician to the rear . melekhin struggle with the valve : melekhin I may have shut it too hard . grabbing the wrench , ramius lean he weight on it . suddenly , the - 87 - valve crack . hot water sprays ramius in the face . melekhin freak : melekhin ( cont 'd ) secure the valve before the water turn to steam ! desperately , ramius try to plug the hole . the valve break . boiling water pour out , turn to steam , splatter melekhin . alarm go off . ramius bellows : ramius evacuate the compartment - ' technician scramble for the door . sear hot steam choke the compartment . melekhin scream : melekhin in try and stop the leak . everybody get the hen out of here ! in the conn Crew member be panic . alarm be go off . dripping water , ramius charge in . on the deck , borodin shout : borodin ( on headset ) Captain , radiation alarm be activate in all compartment . Engineering be heavily contaminate . Radiation be spread forward ! ramius get we to periscope depth . we ]i ventilate ! borodin ( turning ) emergency surface ! while the crew work to get the boat to the surface , petrov study a radiation detector . ' it alarm . gauge be in a red zone . petrov ( reading ) ventilate will not do any good . we get worse . at this level it be only a matter of minute . we have to abandon ship ! ; - sailor in the conn stare at the Captain . ramin bellows : ramius ( to borodin ) alright . pass word to abandon ship . draft a message to Red fleet Command tell they we location and situation ! borodin ( into mike ) stand by to abandon ship ! stand by to abandon ship ! all hand muster on the miss bp - deck . designate personnel bring lire raft ! on the surface Red October rise in angry sea . a emergency door on the sail open . second later , a hatch on the missile deck open also . the sea rage . climb out on the deck , tblllsi and a half a dozen sailor try to inflate raft . Red October pitch and roll . wind howl . frurate , tbilisi scream into a headset . in the conn through the open emergency door , the sea crash . frightened to death , shiver sailor in life preserver line up to leave . petrov count they . ramius stand by sorodin . borodin Captain . L , ieubenant tbi3j J report the sea state be too rough to launch the raft ' over the she . the man will be gush ! ramius all right . instruct the crew to secure the raft to the deck . when all . personnel be aboard the raft , we will scuttle the ship out from under we ! on the deck . Ocean , roar . Fighting gale farce wind , sailor I out of the hatch and tie down the raft . around they , the hound of hell be loose on the face of the deep . in the conn the last of the crew leave . borodin be at the periscope , kamarov stand by ramius . only offfcer be leave . kamarov Captain , Major tbilisi report the crew be secure in raft and raft be tie down . we should join the crew and scuttle the ship . ramius ( to petrov ) do you have a count ? have they all be evacuate ? petrov I think so . I -- borodin ( on scope ) Captain ! surface warship . close fast . Zero angle on the bow . Range nine mile . ramius ( ashen ) can you classify it ? borodin U.S. knox class frigate . she 's flash light . I ' ] ]. read . ( translating ) Red October . stay where you be . do not attempt to submerge or we will be . stand by to be board . petrov ( shrieking ) what be we go to do ? ramius ( to petrov ) there 's only one thing we can do . go topside and take care of the crew . I and my officer wall submerge the ship and take she elsewhere to scuttle . the Americans must never have this boat ! all petrov want do to be get he ass off the boat . at the door , ramius stop he : ramius ( cont 'd ) Doctor . when you get home . you will . hear many storey about I and some be true . but tell they that in the end I do my duty . petrov split . borodin slam the hatch behind he and seal it . - 90 - ramius ( cont 'd ) ( to borodin ) submerge the ship . on the deck the ocean rage . Red October set to submerge . geyser of water and air explode hundred of foot in the sky as she dive . the blowback be staggering . Wild -ey sailor in rubber raft hang on for they life . on the horizon , petrov spot the american frigate hurtle forward , light flash . a puff of smoke appear , fbnow by a mute explosion . the frigate 's firing . as the round come in , there be a earsplitting shriek . a hundred yard beyond Red October 's bow , the sea explode . the concussion and the STORM be mind -bend . petrov think the world 's come to a end . in the raft , man slash at rope bind they to the deck . one by one , they drift free of the submerging ship into foam sea . one sailor can not cut he rope . his raft 's drag under . wind howl . the frigate fire again . another earsplitting shriek . another explosion . ton of icy saltwater cascade over petxov 's head . - gulping air , petrov spot the raft and sail be pop back to the surface . Red October 's sail disappear . sailor haul freezing man from raging water . Hell on earth . CUT to : the frigate bow slice through the freezing ocean at flank speed . on the fantai , a helicopter prepare to take off , rotors howling in the combat information CENTER aboard the frigate , thirty sailor work various console replete with computer terminal , status board and plotting table . in the middle of the compartment iseutenant commander jim curry thirty , man the nerve center of the CIC . curry have immediate access to both sonar and radio . in the darkness , to he leave , two shadow : curry ( into mike ) seahawk one . this be bravo Command . you be clear for take off . in the helicopter on the fwltml of the frigate , pilot and copilot be strapped into the crowded cockpit . copilot flip a bank of toggle switch above he head . pilot ( into mike ) Roger , bravo Command . seahawk one request vector to target Red October . ( listening ) copy that . we be on we way . in . the AIR the helicopter rise from the fantail of the frigate . in second , it pass over petrov and he companion float in rubber raft in choppy sea . in â°the helicopter the pilot glance over he shoulder at a sensor operator work a computer behind the copilot : pilot torpedo input ? sensor operator set and veri ed as order . in the water the life raft converge on the frigate like insect hover round a oversize queen . in one of the raft , petrov watch as a net be throw down at he . in the helicopter the p eyeball the sea as it race by . speak into a mike : pilot Roger that , bravo one . five hundred yard to the drop paint . torpedo be armed and ready . in the CIC aboard the fcigate , curry turn to one of the shadow : curry seahawk one report torpedo armed and ready to fire . request final authorization to drop . in the raft petrov and the other climb the net . halfway up , the doctor stare back at the helicopter hover in the distance . in the AIR thirty foot above the water , the helicopter release a torpedo in the area where Red October go down . on the frigate petrov climb onto the fantail . U.S. sailor be wait with coffee and blanket . fuming , petrov confront a officer : petrov I protest ! what authority do you have to fire ? I protest ! in the CIC curry coordinate information . ail around he , man work intensely . curry turn to one of the shadow : curry seahawk one report torpedo be launch and run normally at forty knot . I have it on sonar . ( turning ) four hundred yard from drop paint . eight hundred yard . twelve hundred yard . one of the shadow lean forward and press a button on curry 's console . the button be mark Command Control detonate . the shadow be admiral greer in a white uniform and cap . beside he , skip Tyler , lean on he cane , concentrate on curry 's display . in the helicopter Pilot study the sea . suddenly , it bulge . loud concussion . shock wave . a giant mushroom cap rise from the depth as gas bubbles vent . on the fantail petrov watch in horror as a huge concave impression vent below the helicopter . a huge plume of gas and water erupt skyward . in the CIC aboard the frigate , curry turn to greer : curry torpedo have detonate . greer and you understand , Lieutenant . I be never here . that torpedo do not self - destruct . it hit the target . right ? ( curry nods ) now , contact the Dallas and tell they to proceed . curry nod . CUT to : mancuso in the conn aboard the Dallas with Thompson . mancuso have a .45 in a holster on he belt . Thompson read a message : thompson frigate report phase one complete , Captain . we be order to proceed . mancuso ok . now come the weird part . Thompson of low mancuso out of the conn into a passageway run aft . mancuso and Thompson move at speed . mancuso be far from happy : mancuso I do not like leave the boat , phil . but the order be specific . thompson we be gonna be for not . rounding a corner , they start down a ladder Thompson will never get over how fast mancuso can move . be not guy that big suppose to be slow ? mancuso this have get to be the craziest stunt I have ever hear of . there 's only about two mle ] ] k n thing that can st ]l. go wrong . at the bottom of the ladder , they enter a passageway ahead of they Jones and Ryan wait by a ladder beneath a open hatch . like mancuso , Jones be armed . Jones start up the ladder . Ryan follow . mancuso turn to Thompson : mancuso listen . if anything -- thompson Captain . we will be all right . mancuso climb up the ladder , disappear through the hatch . Thompson close it . CUT to : warrant officer steiner sit before a wheel at a brightly light panel , just as cocky as when we last see he in the mini sub at Tyler 's lab . next to he , a copilot check a clipboard . behind they , Jones , Ryan and mancuso climb up through a hatch . Jones shut it . steiner speak into a headset : : steiner ox . passenger be aboard . check-off complete . request clearance to lift-off . ( turning ) gentlemen , we have clearance . fasten you belt and grab you nut . we be take a ride . Ryan sit opposite mancuso . Jones be to mancuso 's right . the bulkhead rock slightly . steiner turn a yoke . steiner ( cont 'd ) battery sperm ? - 95 - copilot eighty percent capacity . home beacon be five degree to the right . recommend new course zero-seven -five . Range now five hundred yard . steiner Roger . come right to course zero- seven - ive . make initial preparation to land . the copilot start toggling switch . behind he , mancuso check the .45 in he holster . Ryan watch . copilot contact be two hundred yard below . one hundred yard ahead . steiner Roger . ( beat ) hit the run light . in the water - black on black . then , in a single blind flash of light the red october be reveal . hover above it , floodlight blaze , the dsrv . descend , it lock onto a hatch by the sail . in the dsrv copilot turn to steiner : copilot we have a seal . skirt be dry . steiner Roger . open the hatch . get up , the copilot head for the hatch . mancuso wait . copilot stop . reaching into he jacket , mancuso offer Ryan a .45 . ryan ( eyeing pi - ) he 's defect . mancuso and he can not change he mind ? ryan he 's not go to change he mind . mancuso willing to bet you life on that . ' Ryan stare at the pistol . sigh , he put it in he jacket . copilot open the hatch . in the gloom below , another hatch . copilot rap on it . somebody open the lower hatch . mancuso , Jones and Ryan climb down into the red october on a ladder at the forward end of the conn . wait for they , ramin , borodin and all the other of awkward silence . nervous , borodin drag out a cigarette and light it . unexpectedly , ryan - smi1 : ryan Russian cigarette ? ( borodin nods ) could I try one ? mancuso frown . borodin offer Ryan a cigarette . kamarov have a light . Ryan inhale and cough : ryan ( cont 'd ) ( gagging ) Jesus ... poke fun , Ryan roll he eye . borodin grin . ramius the ice be break . Men shake hand . ramius gentlemen , I be marko ramius . I and my offer request political asylum in the United States . ( beat ) before I go any further , I want to know whose idea be this impos.ih18 plan ? mancuso ( re : ryan ) his . ramius ( to ryan ) amazing . we intention be to publicly surrender this boat and request asylum . it never occur to we there would be a way you could keep it . the idea to stage a radiation leak be inspire -- ( frowning ) you look familiar . do I know you , Commander ? ryan you have a good memory , Captain . we meet briefly year ago . but I be not a naval commander . I work for the CIA . ramius CIA ? ryan easy , Captain . I be not a agent . I be just a analyst . ( smrnng ) I write book . suddenly , high speed screws pass over the hull : kamarov torpedo ! Americans be shoot at we . jone wrong . our growl . your whine . it 's Russian ! CUT to : greer lean over curry 's console in the CIC aboard the frigate . agitate , curry work he computer . greer what do you mean there 's another torpedo ? where in hell do it come from ? CUT to : tupolev in the conn aboard the konovalov . his crew 's at battle station . bonavia man fire cost ' a L open a mike , tupolev shout : tupolev sonar . why have not we torpedo impact ? sonar ( vo ) ( on speaker ) the weapon enable on the other side of the target . it pass Red October before it armed . tupolev ( to bonavia ) you have the wrong range , idiot ! Fire again with the right setting . and reload both tube . on the dallas Thompson stand outside the sonar shack . to he leave , the cob be behind fire control . beaumont have take Jones ' position . beaumont New oorrtact . Sierra four-one , bear zero-one -zero . aku ] a c1a.ï¿½.s Soviet submarine . ( beat ) Launch noise . he 's shoot again . thompson what 's the status of Red October ? beaumont Dead in the water . thompson they can not maneuver with the goddam dsrv stick to they . ( whispering ) come on , mancuso , move it . get the hell out of there . on red october bedlam in the conn . tba'lisi and Jones be on they way to sonar . ramius shout at melekhin : ramius get back to engineering and give I some power ! ( to mancuso re : dsrv ) get that damn thing off my boat . mancuso 's halfway up the ladder . he spot steiner peek down at he : steiner I think somebody just shot a torpedo at we ! mancuso no shit , buckwheat . get the hell . out of here ! steiner ( stunned ) where be I suppose -- mancuso slam the hatch . scramble down the ladder , mancuso hear ramius bel ] dwing at borodin who be man the helm : - 99 - ramius no , vasily . I need you in fire control . we must track whoever 's out there . borodin head for fre control . ramius toss Ryan into the chair behind the helm : ramius ( cont 'd ) you sit here ! ryan butican 't -- ramius do exactly as I tell you ! stun , Ryan grab the helm . Jones and tbilisi , must have make it to sonar . speaker crackle : jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) dsrv be away . there 's a Russian akula about eight thousand yard starboard . tbilisi ( vo ) ( on speaker ) it 's the konovalov . ramius ( to ryan ) all ahead flank ! ryan ( panic ) dog ) I tell you I be just a analyst . I write book . ramius - ( leaning forward ) turn that knob all the way to the right . Ryan : do . ail around he the world be go stark rave mad . again , speaker crackle : jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) torpedo in the water . High speed screw . beam zero-two -zero . I estimate range at about eight thousand yard . ramius ( to ryan ) turn the helm to the heft . steer course zero-two-zero . mancuso ( to ramius ) wait a minute ! that 's head into the t of rpedo . you should turn away from it . jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) steady bear to the weapon . still zero-two -zero . Range about seven thousand yard . ramius ( to ryan ) turn that helm to the leave until the dial say course zero-two -zero . mancuso no ! that 's wrong . Ryan , do not turn that goddam wheel ! Ryan stare at mancuso then at ramius . decide , he turn the helm leave , come to course zero-two -zero . ryan ( too mancuso ) sorry , Captain . I think -- mancuso ( to ramiius ) you be head straight into that torpedo . ramius I know . in the CIC aboard the frigate . helm , greer and Tyler lean over the display . curry study the blip : curry ( eye narrowing ) Red October be turn directly into the t orpedo path . greer mother of god. on red october in the conn , it 's a deathwatch . Ryan think of Sally . mancuso stare at ramius . goddamn if he 's gonna be the one to whine . jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) torpedo steady bear zero-two-zero . Range five thousand yard . ramius ( on mike ) me]ekhin . can you give I any more speed ? melekhin ( vo ) ( on speaker ) negative . we be go as fast as we can . jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) estimate range approximately three thousand yard . close fast . on the dallas Thompson 's still outside the sonar shack . the cob 's at fare control . as before , beaumont work sonar . thompson why be he head into the torpedo ? be he try to kill himself ? cob Mr. Thompson . we have a solution on the Soviet akula . should not we shoot back ? thompson ( angry ) she do not shoot at we . anyway , I can not attack a Soviet submarine . I have no goddam authorization ! on red october in the conn , an. payer have turn to stone . jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) torpedo bear steady at zero-two - zero . best range nine hundred yard . estimate impact in twenty second . ramius ( to ryan ) what book ? ryan pardon ? jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) Fifteen second . ramius what book do you write ? ryan ( hoarsely ) I write a biography on Admiral halsey , call , Fighting sailor . it be about tam in combat -- jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) ten second . ramius I know this book . I have read some part of it . ( ryan blink ) you conclusion be wrong , Ryan . halsey act stupidly . crash . the conn rock . sound of torpedo breaking up . Metal scrape along the ship . realizing what 's go on : - mancuso I will be damme . ryan what happen ? mancuso combat tack , Mr. Ryan . by turn into the torpedo , , ramius close the distance before it could arm itself . I never would have think of it . ryan so we be safe ? ramius not yet . right now , the Soviet Captain , a man name tupolev be remove the safety feature on all he weapon . he will not make the same mistake twice . behind ramius , Ryan spot a shadow at the rear of the conn . he can not believe he eye . the goddam shadow have a pistol in hand . suddenly : a FIRE STORM of gunfire spray the conn . everybody scatter . borodin be hit . slamming into the bulkhead , he fall in a seat position , eye wide . Fire control panel explode . behind a console , mancuso drag out he .45 and return FIRE . the shadow disappear . on the dallas beaumont rip off he headgear , turn to Thompson in the sonar shack 's door , breathe hard : beaumont Jesus Christ . gunge . thompson gunfire ? on the konovalov in the conn , tupa ] av be furious . he yell at bonavia : tupolev hurry up goddammit ! I want all the enable device disconnect ! bonavia Captain , I can not go any faster . on red october in the conn , car crawl from hide . spark erupt from wire . Fire contra be history . ramius lean over borodin : borodin I would have like to have see Montana . and the Indians . ( eye gt ' â –ºg ) captain ? - _. he die . raging , ramius pound the bulkhead . kamarov notice a light on a panel : kamarov he 's in the missile compartment ! ramius ( to mancuso ) the ship be yours . mancuso but the control be blast to hell . I can not shoot . ramius then get behind he and stay there . do not let he put you in he sight or we be all dead . mancuso toss ramius he .45 . catch it , ramius split . Ryan follow . CUT to : tupolev a cage tiger in the conn on the konovalov . bonavia turn , look back at he : bonavia enable device be remove . tupolev about timel ( into mike ) sonar , give I a bear on Red October . sonar ( vo ) ( on speaker ) she 's take position behind we . tupolev damn . ( to helm ) Left full rudder . t11 shake he loose . on red october in a passageway outside a door to the missile compartment , ramius and Ryan hug the bulkhead : ramius he will break into a panel and short - circuit the wiring on a missile . we will be blow to piece . take a deep breath , Ryan follow ramiais into the missile compartment come face - too- face with a barrage of gunfire . ramius be hit . Ryan drag he into a space behind a electrical panel . mercifully , the shoot stop . Ryan check ramius . his shoulder 's a mess . mind riling , Ryan study he surroundings . he 's never feel so alone . the compartment be vast , dominate by twenty tussle tube six foot in diameter . overhead , a catwalk . at the aft end , somebody 's work with a wrench . ramius we must stop he before he get into a panel .. Ryan stare at ramius . ramiii be not gonna stop anybody . resigned , Ryan find the .45 mancuso give he in he pocket , mumbling : ryan ( to himself ) next time memo . only memo . ramius be careful what you shoot at in here , Ryan . the compartment be very sensitive . in a daze , Ryan start walk aft , still mumbling : ryan be careful what you shoot at , Ryan . very sensitive .. . in here ... in the conn on Red October , a handful of man struggle to fight the ship . kamarov man the wheel . sonar speaker pop : jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) he 's go deep ! mancuso ( to kamarov ) twenty degree down on the bowl in the missile compartment the wall become the floor . Fighting to keep he balance , Ryan walk on the wall , still mumbling : ryan sensitive stuff ... in here ... I have to ... be careful ... of course . the ship turn . Wall become cuing . grabbing the catwalk , Ryan hang at a ninety degree angle . gunfire . bullet rip into the bulkhead inch from he head : ryan ( cont 'd ) I have to be careful what I shoot at .. he do not have to be careful ... he can shoot at anything he want . in the CIC aboard the frigate , curry hunch over a console . greer and Tyler watch anxiously : curry the akula be too fast . no way Red October can stay behind she . lot 's only a matter of time now . ( beat ) the akula 's turn . she 's fire another torpedo . this one can not miss . on red october in sonar , Jones and tbzisi hear pinging become louder , more frequent . holding the mike , ashen : jone another torpedo , Captain . it have enable and be active . it have acquire we and be home . CUT to : the deep Red October loom into view . to the right , the konovalov shimmer in the dark . between they , the torpedo appear . ping grow closer and closer . at the last minute the dallas rave into view , rocketing forward at full , bore , streaking between Red October and the torpedo . it 's really something . in the CIC aboard the frigate , curry shout : curry Jesus chi i to greer I curry the Dallas have move between Red October and the torpedo . the torpedo be chase the Dallas now ! on the dallas in the sonar shack . beaumont work he equipment , speak into a mike : beaumont conn , sonar . torpedo be in acquisition . Range five hundred yard and c3nse . you have do it , Mr. Thompson ! in the conn on the Dallas , Thompson stand on the deck . the cob be at ballas ct control , hold the emergency blow handle . thompson Chief , release counter - measure and emergency blow all main valve . let 's hope to Christ this work ! cob ( on phonei signal ejector station . release counter - measure . ( pulling handle ) emergency blow ! shriek of the blow be deafening . the deck angle crazily upwards at thirty degree . gear crash to the floor . eardrums shatter , Thompson hold on , fight gravity . in the water the dailas head for the surface . counter - measure head for the bottom . the income torpedo chase the counter - measure , disappear into the abyss . on the surface the da11a erupt from the water at thirty degree , she bottom expose well aft of the sail . a broaching behemoth , she crash back into the sea , displacing ton of water . on the frigate neither Soviet nor american sailor on the fantail can believe they eye . peirov 's jaw drop . have the entire world go completely insane ?. on red october in the missile compartment , blood pound , Ryan lean flat against a missile tube . on the other side of the tube , metal fan on concrete . rounding the tube , Ryan hold the .45 at arm 's length . kneel before he , directly in front of a open panel on the missale bay be a sovvet sail or with crazy eye : it's loginov the cook 's assistant who witness the Putin key exchange . he 's get a hot wire in each hand . time stand sthl . Ryan stare at loginov . loginov stare back . there 's something in the loginov 's eye , a uncompromising , irrational vi lainy that ask no forgiveness . for a moment , Ryan 's paralyze , a rabbit before a cobra . deliberately , loginov begin to move he hand together , bring the wire closer . Ryan try es to speak . he can not . loginov 's grin crack wide like a rotten egg . ryan fire flame leap from the barrel of the .45 . the pistol kick like a mule . loginov be deliver to eternity . impotent , the wire fall to the floor . on the konovalov flushed , tupolev tower over fire oontroL seat before he , bonavia try to hang on to he sanity . bonavia directly ahead . Range five hundred yard . tupolev get he . Match bearing and the . bonavia we be too close . I have to set tupolev shoot now ! tupolev pull the lever himself . on red : october ': in the : conn , mancuso , kamarov and the other be on pin and needle . what next ? suddenly , they hear pin gin G . jone ( vo ) ( on speaker ) Launch transient astern . he 's shoot again . very close . mancuso Left full rudder ! jone ( louder ping ) weapon be alive . ( louder ping ) it have acquire . sound of torpedo pass close to the hull : jone ( vo cont 'd ) ( on speaker ) weapon pass close aboard . be ong re-attack . hold on . it 's reacquire . but not on we ! Ryan appear with ramius aft of the conn . ping grow quieter , more distant . on the konovalov in the conn , tupalev be suddenly confuse , disorientaed by the ping . tupolev wait . I - sonar ( vo ) ( over speaker ) we torpedo miss Red October and be home on we ! tupolev ( stunned ) how could that be ? bonavia the weapon be not properly program . ping closer . louder . finally , ping become a spine - tingltng howl . bonavia shout : bonavia ( cont 'd ) you stupid arrogant bastard . you have idile we all ! in the . water blind light . the konovalov disintegrate . billow pocket of gas embrace the deep . thirty - seven hundred ton of steel . and iron rip apart in the blink of a eye . on the surface a white mountain of displace water rise into the air , compress and explode . on the frigate in shock , the Russian crew gape at the explosion . the young sailor who take courage from ramius make the sign of the cross . on red october in the conn , as the aftershock subside , Ryan help ramius up off the floor , try to make he comfortable against a bulkhead : ramius Captain tupalev have just provide you pantomime with the one thing you could never have manage . ryan ( nodding ) wreckage . CUT to : pelt in he office seat across from lysenko : pelt with the depth of the water and the wreckage scattered over such a wide area , it we ] . be a long time before anything be recover . you people be already interview the crew and make arrangement for they be turn . ( lysenko nod , soberly ) this have be a terrible tragedy , Mr. ambassador . I can only stress that if you would come to we earlier , it might have be avcdde . lysenko I appreciate you candor in the matter . pelt ( smoothly ) and I yours , andrei .. lysenko ( probing ) perhaps in the future , the technology will be available for a more thorough I n vestigation of the wreckage ... pelt ( steady ) perhaps . a long beat as the two man stare at each other . lysenko finally break it off : lysenko there be another matter ... one I be reluctant to - pelt no . please go ahead . lysenko one of we submarine , a akula , be last report in the reykjane Ridge . we have not hear from she for sometime . pelt stare at he blankly , time hang suspend . finally , peat reach far the bridge of he now as if to stave of a ] dtler headache : pelt you have lose another submarine ? ( beat ) Andre ... lysenko sit , hat in hand . finally , he avert he gaze . jump CUT to : a driver stand beside a limousine outside the executive Office Building . fuming , lysenko approach . the driver smile . not a good idea . lysenko snarl : lysenko shut up ! do not speak to I boris . do not ever speak to I unless I speak to you first . and wipe that smile off you face ! lysenko p be into the limo , slamm the door as hard as he can . lock inside , he start shouting and hit thing . CUT to : bright moonlight on the tree studd bank of a large coastal river . a gentle breeze touch the tree and punctuate the silence . cricket and frog sing on the shore : super : oricoke river pamlico SOUND NORTH CAROLINA the red october glide quietly up the river 's surface . ramius and Ryan stand on the sail . behind they , two junior officer , one american and one Russian , conn the ship : ryan we be two hundred mile from the nearest naval base . ramius interesting notion , hide a submarine in a river . ( eyeing shore ) how do you know this place ? ryan I grow up not far from here . ( painting ) my grandfather teach I to f5sh right over there on that rock . ramius spot a large rock on the shore . so warm and invite , this land , when compare to the bitter cold coast he ]eft a ] ifetl , I ago . Ram hl study Ryan in the stillness : ramius there be one question you have not ask I . ryan why ? ( ramius nods ) I assume you would speak when you be ready . ramius we. be stand on part of the reason . I have spend my life prepare to fight a war I hope would never happen . this ship be not build to fight such a war . it be build to start one . ( beat ) and there be personal reason . ryan you wife ? ramius ( nodding ) it start there , perhaps . ramius glance at the rock . beside it , a muskrat drop quietly into the water . ramius ( cont 'd ) or perhaps it be something that start long ago ... ryan fishing ? ramtus fishing . take a deep breath , ramius study the surround hill . light from farm twinkle in the night air . ramius ( cont 'd ) " the sea will , grant each man new hope , as sleep doth dream of home . " ( on Ryan 's look ) Christopher Columbus . Ryan smilm . ryan ( qu`edy ) welcome to the new world , sir . dissolve to : a stewardess walk down the aisle of a airplane , check passenger . stop near the front of the cabin , she glance down at ryan sound asleep in he seat , empty tea cup on a tray beside he . a blanket hang on one log . in the seat next to he a teddy bear smi&gt ; out at pass cloud . the bear 's get a red ribbon round he neck - and a seat belt fastened over he bulg tummy . cover Ryan with the blanket , the stewardess leave . tea cup rattle . Ryan do not even twitch . turbulence be a thing of the past . fade out the end