the brother bloom written by rian Johnson 1 ext . dirt road - sunrise 1 Dawn with she rise - red finger rise over a dusty country road . a car chug over the horizon . narrator as far as con man storey go , I think I have hear they all . of grifter , roper , faro fixer , tale draw long and tall . but if one bear a bookmark in the confidence man 's tome , twould be that of penelope , and of the brother Bloom . 2 ext . country house - morning 2 the car deposit two shabby boy ( 10 &amp ; 13 ) in front of a country house . both in black . each with a suitcase . narrator at ten and thirteen Bloom and Stephen ( the young and the old ) 3 int . kitchen ( flashback ) 3 the two brother and a oafish foster father sit eat breakfast . narrator have be through several foster family . the foster father slap Bloom upside the head . Stephen launch across the table , tackle the dad and beat the crap out of he . narrator ( cont would ) thirty eight , all tell . 4 int . child welfare office - day 4 close on - a child welfare file cover " Bloom " stamp on it . it open , and dozen of report flip by . under the " reason for return of minor " field we catch different entry : " behavior inappropriate " , " unmanageable " , " molested cat " , " sold our furniture " , " cause flooding " . 2 4 continued : 4 narrator mischief move they on in life , and move keep they close . 5 ext . country house porch 5 the brother on the porch , suitcase in hand . narrator for Bloom have Stephen , Stephen Bloom , and both have more than most . the front door open , and a pair of foster parent eye the brother suspiciously . 6 ext . SMALL town square - later that day 6 a wide dusty Main Street , which the two brother survey . narrator another home , another main street . Stephen look around , then sum the burgh up thusly : stephen Bloom , we have hit a one hat town . narrator one theater . one car wash . one cafe . one park . one cat . which , through some mishap , have one leg . the cat sit on a roller skate , row itself down the street with its one leg . stephen sweet Jesus . look at that . 7 ext . school - day 7 a group of child flee the school joyfully . narrator one school , which mean one tight - knit group of local well - off kid . 3 8 ext . candy shop 8 the child run out of the candy store , all slurping rocket pop . narrator they pocket - change buy rocket pop , 9 int . candy shop 9 the brother at the counter . Bloom watch the child go , while Stephen count out penny . narrator the brother , Stephen slap the change down angrily and point with a scowl . stephen pixie stix . 10 ext . park 10 the child play , resplendent with they rocket pop . narrator they be the `they ' . all well love , roote , happy as you please . Bloom and Stephen sit off to the side of the park , none too happy nursing they pixie stix . narrator ( cont would ) always there . in every town . Stephen glare , flick the stix away like a cigarette . stephen the playground bourgeoisy . he storm off . Bloom linger , stare silently at the child . 4 11 ext . forest 11 the brother amble down a wood path . Bloom stop , stare into the tree . through the dense thicket of foliage ... the child play . and one gleam eye frame perfectly through a small open patch in the leave . Bloom push the leave aside . a girl . Golden curl . summer dress . stand in the distance on a wide lawn . Bloom gaze . Stephen place he hand on Bloom 's back . 12 ext . park - continuous 12 Bloom stumble from the tree ( very much as if he 's be shove ) and regains he foot and freeze , not shield at all now from the play kid and the girl . narrator could he simply stephen ( o.s. ) talk to she ! narrator just drop he fear and go ? leave he brother in the wood , and join the child ? the girl make eye contact , twist a daisy chain between she tiny finger . Bloom 's adam apple convulse . he turn tail and run back into the wood . narrator ( cont would ) no . 13 int . bedroom - night 13 Brothers in bed . Bloom gaze window - ward . Stephen gaze Bloom - wise , shuffle a pack of card . bloom what 's do ? stephen what ? 5 13 continued : 13 bloom you shuffle when you be think something through . so whatcha think ? stephen not a thing . narrator this be not really true . Cause in the root of Stephen 's psyche , something now begin . a seed of grand epiphany . a hook . a tale . 14 ext . wood - day 14 stephen a plan . Stephen spread out a hand - draw flowchart on a stump , and talk Bloom through it . narrator a fiction make for profit , in which both boy play a part . a simple con in fifteen step . stephen and this be where we start . Stephen run he finger backwards down the connect box , each neatly numbered , stop at # 1 .... " Bloom talk to girl " 15 ext . park - day 15 Children and the gold haire girl play . the wall of foliage where the forest begin shimmer . narrator and then , as if a curtain have be pull back from the sky ... some barrier within the young Bloom be break . Bloom burst through the tree and stride across the wide lawn , confident , glow , stop face to golden face with the girl . 6 15 continued : 15 bloom hi . they talk . they run . they laugh . they play . narrator so Bloom perform he role in Stephen 's story to a T. BOX # 2 on the flowchart - " Bloom win the kid ' trust " 16 ext . town square 16 Bloom do indeed , sit and laugh with a circle of kid , suddenly a natural bear charmer . narrator and be who he be not , could be as he wish to be . the Golden girl smile at he . from the shadow of a adjacent alley , Stephen watch , pleased . he slink away . series of shot - 17 ext . cave - day 17 BOX # 3 - " Stephen find a cave " dissolves to Stephen scout out a cave deep in the wood . 18 ext . park - day 18 in the park , Bloom run with the kid , laugh . 19 int . hardware store - day 19 BOX # 5 - " Stephen busy supplies " dissolves to : Stephen in a hardware store , point . a flashlight , snow boot and several large cooler be purchase . 20 ext . park - day 20 back in the park , Bloom say goodnight to the kid and walk homeward in the warm twilight . 7 21 int . church - day 21 BOX # 8 - " Stephen scout church " dissolves to : Stephen 's eye poke up from behind a pew in a church . he manage to look devious as he snag a sunday school schedule . 22 int . bedroom - night 22 Bloom enter , hear run water from the bathroom . he glimpsis down at the flowchart on the bed , scan down to : box # 10 - " Bloom come home to find Stephen fill the cooler " Stephen back out of the bathroom trolling a heavy cooler . stephen oh - kay . how 's it go on the playground front ? bloom it 's great . stephen so , on to step eleven , then . the Tale . you tell they - bloom wait ... Bloom 's lip quiver , obviously conflict . narrator must the number rattle on ? must the fiction end ? bloom I think I need more time to win they - stephen Bloom . they be not you friend . they be part of this , and this aint real . remember , it 's a con . and when it 's do , we have just get we . and we will be move on . ( beat ) so , the tale . you tell they there 's a 8 23 ext . park - day 23 Bloom hold court with the kid . bloom hermit in the wood . a one eye , steel toothe vagabond ... 24 int . attic 24 back to Bloom and Stephen in the attic bloom ... with blood red eye ? stephen ( nod ) that 's good . he stop you come home from school ... 25 ext . park - day 25 bloom ... and tell I of a cave . girl what kind of cave ? bloom a cave of wonder . boy pffft ha . girl shut up , Dave . bloom at noon on every Sunday , there appear a ball of light , which flutter like a butterfly ... girl a will - o- whisp ? bloom that 's right . it guide you 9 26 int . attic 26 stephen ... if you can keep up ... 27 ext . park 27 bloom ...to where the treasure lay . boy so where 's this cave ? girl yeah , where ? 28 int . attic 28 stephen ah-hah . the hermit do not say . he get this greedy glint look , the filthy red-ey leech ... and say he would tell for thirty buck . something in Bloom 's face fall . 29 ext . park 29 the girl 's bright , trust face look at he . a moment of silence . then , triumphant , a excited boy leap to he foot . excite boy well that 's just two buck each ! the kid all rejoice , and fist -full of dollar be thrust at Bloom . he look almost crestfallen as he eye catch the girl 's joyful gaze . narrator so Sunday come ... 30 ext . wood 30 Children in they bright Sunday clothes run through the dark wood , lead by Bloom . 10 30 continued : 30 narrator ... and straight from church , into the wood Bloom lead . 31 int . cave 31 in the dim light of a cave , Stephen overturn the cooler of water and retreat into shadow . a flood soak into the dirt floor , as outside the mouth of the cave the group of panting child come into sight . narrator they stop . they heart leapt . there it be . 32 ext . cave 32 the child look at the craggy mouth of a forbode cave . girl just like the hermit say ! deep in the cave 's dark maw , a spark of light . the child gasp collectively . the girl grab Bloom 's arm . Bloom stare , transfix as any of they . the spark become a glow , flutter point of light , which hang in the mouth of the cave for a tantalize moment , then recede deeper into the gloom . with a cry the child , Bloom include , dash into the cave . 33 int . cave 33 the light glow just around the next corner ... the child run after it , slip in the mud , laugh , turn the corner ... and the light glow just around the next corner . they scramble , they slip and slide , they can not catch the light , but they be all have the time of they life . Bloom include . holding the girl 's hand , laugh , eye full of wonder . 11 33 continued : 33 narrator for just one moment , Bloom forget himself and run too fast . he put on a burst of speed , get ahead of the crowd . narrator ( cont would ) he would catch the light and find the treasure ... turn a corner , he ( alone ) see the rather tawdry image of Stephen , flashlight in hand , shooing he back as he turn the next corner . Bloom stop run . narrator ( cont would ) but the moment pass . the other kid and the girl pass he , but Bloom stand dead still , a strange expression on he face . the girl turn back towards he , still run , and hold out she hand for he to follow . but he do not . he stay behind , and be soon leave alone . 34 ext . playground 34 narrator they do not catch the will - o- wisp , but do not really care . the muddy child walk home , laugh , while Bloom lean against a lamppost . Stephen appear behind he , count they money . stephen it seem to I that in the end , the perfect con be where each one involved get just the thing they want . bloom yeah I guess so . narrator we fledgle thief be satisfied . 12 35 ext . foster house - day 35 a front door open , revealing a porch - full of 30 angry parent hold 15 muddy kid by they ear . narrator the child 's parent , less so . the Foster Parents exchange a glance . quick shot - Stephen be smack . the wad of money be snatch from a grubby small hand by a angry big one . a telephone slam down . on a form , the field " reason for return : " be fill with " larceny . " 36 int . bedroom - day 36 two suitcase on a bed be snap close and pull away . the bed sit solid and vacant in the dusty afternoon sunlight . narrator a bitter end ? maybe . but there 's sweetness in the mix . beneath the bed , forget , a piece of paper . on it , the con flow - chart . numbered box . narrator ( cont would ) the brother Bloom have find they call . one of the box ... number six ... narrator ( cont would ) as show in number six . BOX # 6 : " cut % o'henry 's " narrator ( cont would ) ` cut ' mean to negotiate , `percent ' percentage deal . 13 37 ext . SMALL town square - day 37 through a storefront window - row of the child 's muddy Sunday clothes hang , each tag . narrator ` o'henry 's ' be the town 's one dry clean shop . and stride out of the store beneath the ` o'henry 's cleaner ' sign be Stephen , fifty dollar in hand , suck a rocket pop . the owner lean out of the door , look a little nervous . Stephen throw he back a salute . 38 ext . back alley - day 38 Bloom sit against a wall , suitcase beside he . box of rocket pop , and one in each fist . Stephen plop down beside he . stephen so how 's it feel ? Bloom 's eye catch the child , and the girl , play in the distance . narrator in truth , young Bloom will not know for twenty year just how he feel . honk ! a ` child Welfare ' car wait out on the street . the brother pick themselves up . narrator ( cont would ) and so , we will skip ahead now in we story . Stephen toss he rocket pop . stephen let `em melt . the con man team of the brother Bloom , suitcase in hand , stride down the alleyway . Stephen in front . 14 38 continued : 38 Bloom a few step behind , steal one last glance back at the child play in the sun . CUT to : 39 open credit 39 CUT to : 40 int . library - night 40 flame spread over a wall of bookshelve . title card : berlin , 25 year later a young man in a nice suit and bowler hat step in front of the flame book . young man he get the scarab , you get the money , I get the girl ... so in the end , everyone get everything he want . Three gunshot , two bloody hole in the nice suit and the young man fold to the ground . a sweaty man name charleston ( 40s ) lower he gun , while behind he the rest of the library roar in flame . voice ( o.s. ) wha - Charleston , what - oh my god be you ... oh god he 's dead , Victor 's dead ... you have kill we ! we have it he be right it be all in the bag and now we be dead , why ? why , you stupid son of a bitch ? the owner of the voice , a man a bit young than Charleston in a derby cap , snatch the gun away and slap Charleston hard . 15 40 continued : 40 charleston Cause the Turk be right . after see she , after that night on the airstrip , after Cairo everything change , and he could not see the play through that one milky eye , but the Turk be right about one thing , that there 's nothing beautiful about money . she 's beautiful . mcguire this be not happen ... charleston he will never have she now . she 's free . and I will never see she in scarlet again , she chestnut hair , but it 's worth the money and my job and he life and the rest of my life that she 's free . mcguire Charleston . I can not be here ... charleston you be not here . neither of we be . it 's mowcher 's gun . mcguire mowcher be at the bottom of the spree with a cowl in he neck ! Charleston get to he foot . charleston they will not find he for a week , and the albino will chalk it up to davey , he will not talk . we be clean . mcguire listen to you - four month ago you be a investment banker ! now you be nothing . the scarab 's lose . the money 's go . it will rot in the peruvian earth . it 's go . Charleston limp to the flame doorway . 16 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 charleston the man name Charleston you meet nine month and a thousand year ago at the hotel bar in jodhpur be dead . if we see each other again it will be as stranger . as for the money ... let it rot . he exit , leave mcguire stoop beside the crumpled form of Victor . a long beat . the distant roar of a engine , tire squealing . then through the smoky doorway step a beautiful asian woman , early 20 . she give a nearly imperceptible nod . mcguire wow . he pat Victor , who sit up , spitting blood . mcguire look to Victor and the woman for a reaction . get none . mcguire ( cont would ) wow be the word you be both look for . wow . the asian woman nod slightly . victor ( un-wowishly ) you be a genius , Stephen . for mcguire be , of course , Stephen . stephen we be a genius , Bloom . just as Victor be , indeed , Bloom . he spit . bloom tastes like tin foil . stephen so do real blood . buy you a drink . Stephen escort the asian woman out , while Bloom wipe he lip . 17 41 ext . house - pre -dawn 41 a stately house in the middle of nowhere , on fire . Stephen hold the door of a car open , while Bloom step from the flame house . stephen " four month and a thousand year ago . " that 's kipling , be not it ? he steal that from kipling . bloom no . 42 ext . berlin - pre -dawn 42 hazy light over the sprawling city . 43 int . deutch MARK 43 a low , cozy basement level bar . a dozen people crowd it , all expectant in a surprise - party type way . a turkish gentleman in a white linen suit and eye patch raise he drink when Bloom , Stephen and the woman enter . the turk make way , make room for the brother Bloom ! the bar burst into cheer . 44 int . deutch MARK - later 44 a dwarf dance on the bar . Stephen play card with the Turk , a albino and a small crowd of character type . the turk nine month , six country , three fake death , for one mark . you be a beautiful antique , my friend . they clink glass . all proust . 18 44 continued : 44 the turk one thing baffle I . the entire con would have fall apart if Charleston have walk away . how do you know he would pull the trigger ? Stephen riffle shuffles a pack of card . stephen just think of any card . get one ? Stephen cut the deck randomly - 2 of spade . the turk no . Stephen shrug . stephen but if I do it enough , eventually it will work on someone . and then it will be the best card trick in the world . wink . the dwarf slip , plummet from the bar . Stephen kick a chair across the room , into which he land with a crunch . stephen ( cont would ) ante up . the turk it 's true you never work with the same crew twice ? stephen that 's true . the turk well shit . except for the uh , for she ? stephen La Chinoise ? the turk yeah . back at the bar - the asian woman . the chink . be hit on by a weasly romanian . romanian yeah , I be pretty big into anime . 19 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 she almost imperceptibly roll she eye . stephen we fifth Beatle . she know the in and the out , and so far as I can tell , speak three word of English . she tap on the bar . the chink jameson . bartender Ice ? she say `no ' with a look . the albino so she 's with you and Bloom till the end . stephen just till the wind change . Stephen make a gun with he finger and shoot at the chink . she flick a champaign flute to make a ` ding ! ' and mime the bullet bounce off she . the turk where be Bloom ? in the corner of the bar , in a private booth with draw velvet curtain , Bloom sit alone play solitaire . stuck with a queen of heart he can not play . a beautiful woman in scarlet with auburn hair poke she face through the curtain . rose there you be . hiding ? bloom yeah . rose I have be learn . Stephen like to talk about you . bloom do he tell you the cave story ? 20 44 continued : ( 3 ) 44 rose be it true ? bloom what else do he tell you ? rose I be not go to tell it as good as Stephen . you two kick around till you early teens , then stow away on a merchant marine freighter and end up in St. Petersburg , where you spend five year under the tutelage of a shadowy old swindler name the diamond Dog . and he be you fagin and Stephen be he artful dodger , but it end suddenly and badly . bloom Stephen take he eye out with a antique rapier . rose why do he do that ? bloom and then the Brothers Bloom light out on they own to make they fortune as gentleman thief . sound romantic . rose it do . she push the card aside and slide clumsily onto the table , she face inch from Bloom 's , eye close , expect a kiss . Bloom 's eye stay open . bloom you want to know how Stephen do it ? with Charleston ? rose it 's not the first thing on my mind . 21 45 int . library - night ( flashback ) 45 a replay of Bloom in front of the flame bookshelf . bloom ( o.s. ) he position I in the same spot where , seven year ago , Charleston 's wife stand and tell he she be leave . the room transform , become daylit , not on fire , seven year ago , a wife stand in Bloom 's place . bloom ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) he choose my outfit to mirror she suit . sure enough , the color and shape of Bloom 's suit match the wife 's outfit . bloom ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) he even phonetically match my final word to hers . wife this be the end . charelston , you have always be a dunce . everything snap back to Bloom in the flame room . bloom ( in flashback ) so in the end , everyone get everything he want . bang . 46 int . deutch MARK 46 bloom that 's what he do , he write he con the way dead Russians write novel , with thematic arc and imbed symbolism and shit . and he write I as a vulnerable anti - hero . and that 's why you think you want to kiss I . it 's a con . he leave Rose lie on the table and sweep through the bar towards the exit , pass Stephen . 22 46 continued : 46 bloom ( cont would ) I need air . stephen who do not ? ( play a card ) that 's the big 2 . 47 ext . berlin STREET - early morning 47 Bloom stumble up stone step to street level . a thousand year old man sweep up across the square . Bloom sit wearily on the curb , bowler hat in hand , shirt bright red with fake blood , face long as hell . put the broom aside a moment , the old man walk painfully across the street to Bloom . stand nearly toe to toe with he , the man pull a huge joyful smile across he grizzle face . he then smear he hand over he mug , pull the smile off he face and rub it on Bloom 's mouth . when he take he hand away , Bloom play along and have the same big joyful smile . the old man wink at he and walk back to he broom . as soon as the old man be away , Bloom drop the smile . Stephen pace out into the street . stephen we miss the sunrise . that would have be nice . they walk across the street to the tiergarten . 48 ext . tiergarten - early morning 48 Berlin 's Central Park and zoo , dead and brown . the brother stroll through the wood , Stephen a few step ahead , Bloom trail behind , lose in think . camel head poke over a wall with ` kamelhaus ' paint on it . Stephen throw open the wall 's gate . stephen ( to camel ) back to the swamp ! the camel be unimpress . Bloom slouches into a bench . 23 48 continued : 48 Stephen show the deck of card to Bloom , who nod . Stephen cut the deck , show he a card . Bloom shake he head , no . stephen ( cont would ) at least you be honest . Bloom stare into space . stephen ( cont would ) alright , let 's do this . let 's just get it do . so first you say ` I be quit , Stephen . I be out . ' then I say ... bloom ` do we have to go through this again . ' stephen then you make a show of put on you jacket and say `no I mean it this time Stephen , this time I be really out . ' bloom then you say `let 's have a drink , and in the morning Bloom you will have come to you sense ' Stephen pull a flask , unscrew it . stephen ( be : Bloom 's bright red blood stain ) that 's a major design flaw in fake blood , by the way . bloom `and we will be move on . ' stephen Real blood turn brown after a half hour . bloom listen to I , Stephen . stephen this scotch cost more than you suit . 24 26/11/06 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 bloom listen to I . stephen and the flask stop a bullet from a black powder rifle at appomattox . bloom listen . Bloom bat the flask away . a camel catch it , tip its camel neck back and gulp it down . stephen that 's my new favorite camel . bloom I hate you . I hate this life , I hate it , I hate that you will not fuck listen to I for one goddamn second . just listen . Stephen listen . bloom ( cont would ) I can not wake up next to another stranger , who think they know I , or even want to know I , cause I do not know - who - I be thirty five year old , and I , I be useless , I be crippled , I do not , I have only ever live life through this role that be not I , that be write for I by you . stephen tell I what you want . bloom why ? so you can write I a role in a story where I get it ? you be not listen to I . I want a real ... thing , I wanna do thing how I do not know be gonna work out , a , I , want , a ... stephen ( sotto ) you want a unwritten life . ( more ) 25 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 bloom I want a unwritten life ! ( realize Stephen just write that line for he ) aauuugghh god ! the camel belch . Bloom make a show of put on he jacket . bloom ( cont would ) I be go away . somewhere you or even the chink will not be able to track I down , so do not try . no more storey . Bloom toss Stephen the bowler , and storm off . he get about ten foot , then hesitates . bloom ( cont would ) I love you . bye . then go . the camel nudge Stephen 's jacket , look for more scotch . Stephen put the bowler on its camel head . stephen sorry bud . I be dry . Stephen watch he brother walk off into the rise morning mist , lose in think . his hand mechanically begin shuffle the pack of card . fade out fade in : 49 ext . italian countryside - day 49 beautiful green hill surround the wall medieval city of ferentino . title card : ferentino , Italy - 3 month later . a tiny red car inch its way across the countryside . it wind its way up and deeper into the city on the hill . 26 50 ext . ferentino apartment - day 50 the tiny stone porch outside a private apartment . the red car 's bumper pull up , park . on a small wood table , empty booze bottle and a loose pack of card . fingertip spread the card , then the fingertip ' owner head for the apartment door . 51 int . ferentino apartment - day 51 Stephen step in cautiously , survey the apartment . a goddamn mess . empty bottle and glass , very little light . Stephen open the curtain , light stream in the window . a groan of displeasure come from the gloom . Bloom stir , pass out in a hammock . unkept beard , a few extra pound . crushed cigar hang on he lip . a rotund grandmother waddle in , clean up bottle and berate Bloom in a constant stream of angry italian . stephen she 's right , you know . bloom why be you here , Stephen ? stephen put on you face , let 's eat . 52 ext . ferentino apartment - later 52 Stephen guide a dress Bloom out the door . the grandmother follow they , still bark angry italian at Bloom . at the last moment she say a few kind word , kiss he on the cheek and send they off . 53 ext . ferentino cafe - day 53 a few table on a stone walkway overlook the countryside . the red car park nearby . Stephen eat , Bloom stare . bloom how would you find I ? 27 53 continued : 53 stephen the chink . bloom how would the chink find I ? Stephen 's eye : " be you joke ? " stephen how have you be ? bloom great . stephen I have do a lot of think the past three month . you do not want out . you think you do but you do not . here , c'mere . I want to show you something . bloom I be quit , Stephen . Stephen stand , stroll off . Bloom wearily follow . bloom ( cont would ) where be we go ? stephen New Jersey . bloom ( sigh ) well lemme get my jacket . CUT to : 54 ext . a airplane roar right to left 54 CUT to : 55 ext . ludicrous mansion - afternoon 55 a long private road through a tunnel of tree lead to a ludicrous mansion . we trio watch it from the road . bloom look like a etching from a bronte novel . 28 55 continued : 55 Stephen flip open a first edition Jane eyre . the illustration inside be in fact a exact match , right down to a plaster deer in the front yard . bloom ( cont would ) huh . look at that . well thanks . I be gonna head back to Italy . stephen Big money . inheritance . dad die early , Mom die two year ago after ten year fight a illness that I can not pronounce . bloom how much ? the chink write a number in the snow with a stick . just when we think she 's do , she add several more zero . bloom ( cont would ) Jesus . stephen look out . Stephen pull Bloom into the tree as a cherry red lamborghini roar down the private road , do a unruly donut and crunch painfully into a tree , kick up a cloud of dust and smoke . thump bass from the audio system turn off , and from the dust cloud emerge penelope , early 30 , beautiful but in a non-lamborghini way . Bloom watch she through the tree , none too happy . 56 ext . thicket - later 56 off to the side of the house . they lean on the hood of they rental car , a old school cadillac . in the background , a tow truck arrive with a brand new lamborghini , and leave towing the old one . bloom what be I do here , Stephen ? I have one rule , and you have never even test it . 29 56 continued : 56 stephen stick with I . bloom no woman . one rule . you know we do not do woman , I do not , and it 's not a morality thing or - a thing - it 's , whatever it be it do not matter what it be , that 's just we rule . so what be we , ( re : the rental car ) do you rent a ` 78 caddy ? Stephen nod to the chink . Bloom nod appreciatively . bloom ( cont would ) controversial choice . so no , be what I be say . I be quit anyway . I will be in Italy . drink . the front door of the mansion slam , and they watch penelope drag a harp around into the back yard . stephen penelope stamp . thirty three . live at home she whole life . Bloom 's eye never leave penelope . bloom a eccentric shut - in rich bitch . you be not help you case . the chink silently hand Bloom a retractable spyglass , he watch penelope drift atop a hill and sit on a stump . stephen she 's bored , a seed in the snow . we be go to put she through a grand adventure , bring she to life . bloom so this be the big plan . lure I back into thing with some beautiful intrigue elusive girl , stir up old memory with the prospect of redemption and rebirth . seriously Stephen . amateur night . Bloom watch she play clash song on the harp . 30 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 bloom ( cont would ) I be not say yes . but what 's the con ? Stephen spread a fold piece of paper on a tree stump , with a flowchart on it . numbered box . Bloom do not take he spyglass off penelope . stephen it 's actually pretty simple . we be brother , antique dealer , peruse the Americas for antiquity en route to someplace exciting via luxury steamer , say Greece . you tie into she and work you magic ... penelope play on . 57 int . HOTEL bar - night 57 very late . Bloom and Stephen in armchair , collar loosen , drink drunk . the chink 's Chuck Taylors stick up over the back of a chair . Bloom hold the con flowchart . stephen ... and so that 's how it end , in Mexico , a burst of violence then a moment of truth on the beach . what do you think ? Bloom idly look over the chart . bloom you have get something up you sleeve . this be about I , right ? somehow . stephen this might not be something you know , but they have all be about you . maybe that 's why they have none of they be perfect , I have never be able to give you what you really want . 31 57 continued : 57 bloom I want to be outta all this . so by definition , this be not go to give I what I want . Stephen answer by let a ace fall from he sleeve . bloom ( cont would ) this will be the last one . you will let I go . the chink 's inert sneaker come to life and she 's on she foot , silently go to Stephen 's side . stephen I will never approach you to do another con again . ( to the chink ) let 's make it a red schwinn . Bloom stare at # 1 on the flowchart - " bloom meet penelope . " 58 ext . hilltop - morning 58 a grumpy Bloom perch on the red schwinn , a ill fitting styrofoam helmet on he head . Stephen sit in a lawn chair watch the highway below . the chink set up a lawn umbrella , a chair for herself , and a cooler with Coronas . bloom there be less painful way to cut into a mark . stephen wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk . score to beat be 7.9 . keep you head in the game , the chinese judge be tough . bloom this be a banana seat , man ! he direct this to the chink , who blink with innocent incomprehension and open two Coronas . bloom ( cont would ) do not give I that blank look , you know what a fuckin banana seat be . 32 58 continued : 58 Stephen spot something and blow a whistle . with a grunt , Bloom launch the schwinn forward . gain speed , bump over weed and gopher hole , down the steep steep hill . at the bottom of the hill , a two lane highway . cruise down the highway , a cherry red lamborghini . whose front right fender Bloom expertly smashes into . CUT to : 59 ext . highway / sky - day 59 Silent and blue . time slow to a crawl as Bloom sail through the air , arcing over the italian luxury car 's hood and past a horrify penelope , face freeze mid scream behind the wheel . bloom ( v.o. ) there 's actually a knack to this . you want to avoid die or break anything that will not grow back , but you do not want to roll out of it and come up rose . if you be try to fast track into a mark 's sympathy , there 's nothing quite as efficient as have you first conversation be from a hospital bed they put you in . I usually like to try for a dislocate shoulder . several thing happen at once . Bloom hit the pavement shoulder - first , hard . the bent bike follow suit . up on the hill , Stephen and the chink raise score card . 8.9 and 5.6 . the lamborghini screech to a stop . everything be still . then the car jolt forward . then stop . then again , jolt and stop . roll forward a few foot , lazily drift , then jolt and stop . Bloom painfully stand , as confuse by the car 's behavior as we . 33 59 continued : 59 Stephen and the chink lower they card , equally confuse . one last long beat of silence , then the car jolt forward , veer drunkenly to the leave , tip into a ditch and chunks to a stop . the horn blare . Bloom look up to the hilltop for guidance . Stephen stare blankly . the chink raise a new score card - 7.8. 60 int . hospital room - night 60 penelope sleep , bruise and batter . Bloom sit bedside uncomfortably , arm in a wimpy sling . she stir . Bloom lean forward . slur with sleep and drug , she painfully barely breathes penelope be you alright ? 61 int . hospital hallway - night 61 Bloom consult with Stephen and the chink , both in scrub . stephen the chink have it - I be tell he , I know , thank you - in she report , I miss it . this be actually kind of great , I will tell you why . the chink light a cigarette . bloom you miss it ? stephen dostoevsky be a epileptic . bloom I know . stephen his seizure be precede by a enlighten euphoria , a sort of open of he spiritual eye . ( more ) 34 61 continued : 61 stephen ( cont would ) I think the fact that she see you face the instant before a seizure be a pretty goddamn good foot to start thing out on , right ? Bloom stare blankly . the chink burp into she stethoscope . 62 int . hospital room - night 62 Bloom slump in a chair , watch penelope sleep . bloom ( v.o. ) the next step be to figure out a way to insinuate yourself into they personal life . Bloom drift off , then wake with a start . it be morning . penelope be shaking he . penelope I think they take my car . could you drive I home ? bloom uh. yeah . she walk away , the back of she gown wide open , then turn . penelope I be penelope stamp . bloom Bloom . 63 int . cadillac - morning 63 Bloom drive , penelope gaze stiffly out the window . bloom ( v.o. ) engagement . find a connection with you mark through conversation . bloom ( cont would ) I be sorry about you lamborghini . penelope S ' ok . silence . he notice she play with the side mirror knob , angle it to stare at he while look out the window . 35 63 continued : 63 bloom Nice area . ( beat ) Jersey . more silence . penelope this car be like riding in a huge marshmallow . and still more silence . bloom ( v.o. ) have now deftly set you hook in the mark 's psyche , this would be the perfect time to tug the line , 64 ext . ludicrous mansion - morning 64 they pull up in the car . a tow truck be drop off a new lamborghini . bloom ( v.o. ) get invite in for coffee , and tell they the full tale . Bloom look about to launch into something , when penelope drop a stack of cash bound in a green rubber band on he dashboard . penelope for the bike , and the whole , thing . this be a big shit sandwich . ok. bye . the car door slam and she 's go . Bloom sit a moment . bloom ( v.o. ) however , there be advantage to play it cool . letting it lie for a day or two , then casually be - establish contact . Bloom start drive off , and adjust the passenger side mirror so it point back to the road . as he do he see penelope in it , sprinting after he car . he stop . a moment later she appear at he window , heaving . 36 64 continued : 64 penelope I realize ... I should have ... invite you in ... for coffee ... right ? 65 int . penelope's kitchen - day 65 Bloom and penelope sit in a luxurious stone - base kitchen , neither touch they coffee . Bloom talk . this be how penelope listen : she start with she eye on Bloom , then very quickly drift away into she own thought , then recognize she 's do it and make eye contact again and give a overbake " oh yes go on " smile / nod , then do it all again . Three or four time . bloom ... do not really have anyone except each other grow up , and we father be in the antique business , he have a shop in Charleston . so we stick together , my brother Stephen and I , we and just take over the shop when dad die . then we realize one day , we see the dealer who be find and sell we the antique come from exotic country all over the world , and there be a , almost a scent they have , when they would come in the dusty shop we work nine to five in since we be nineteen , the air would , like before a rain , the ion would line up , and you could just smell midnight train to Paris and steamer ship and Calcutta bazaar , and we make the decision , we just do it , that we want to have that sort of life . so we do , and we have be travel and treasure hunt the world ever since , and could you , I be sorry , stop do - that , you be , I be , ok . alright , look . penelope I be really bad at talk to people . 37 65 continued : 65 bloom I tell you , that 's alright . you want I to go ? penelope no ! I want to talk to you . fuck . she storm out . 66 int . parlor 66 victorian , expensive . penelope lean against the window , look out . sulk . Bloom enter . bloom so what kind of stuff do you do ? penelope nothing . maybe you should go . bloom alright . I be just gonna finish my coffee first . very slowly , he sip it . each sip become a noisier and noisier slurp . penelope I collect hobby . I see someone do something I like , and I get book and learn how to do it . bloom hm. anything interesting ? penelope not really . hobby montage in which penelope demonstrate the follow with exact seriousness and skill for Bloom : play the piano . the classical guitar . the fiddle . the banjo . put the finish touch on a ship in a bottle . execute a perfect ollie on a skateboard . 38 66 continued : 66 juggling various item . Riding a unicycle . juggling while riding a unicycle . play ping - pong against a wall with ungodly speed . karate chopping through too much wood . breakdance . play the accordion . rapping to a drum machine . creating a perfect origami dragon . end hobby montage on Bloom 's shell - shock face . bloom be that it ? penelope no . I know a lot of stuff . bloom you just learn this stuff , here by yourself ? penelope kinda sad . bloom no . so you just think , `so I want to learn this and this , ' and you just do it ? how do you plan to use all this skill ? penelope I dunno . I be not a planner . I just do stuff . here , look at this watermelon . it 's a camera . you can make a pinhole camera out of anything hollowish and dark . bloom it 's gotta warp the image though , right ? 39 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 penelope no , yeah it do . that 's what - the Taj majal take by a fat tourist with diarrhea and a point - and - shoot camera can be the flattest , dullest , " here 's we at the Taj majal , " " oh lovely let go stick we thumb up we ass " picture . but you can look at the most menial everyday thing , and depend on how you pinhole camera eat the light , it 's warpe and peculiar and imperfect . it 's not reproduction , it 's storytelling . bloom it 's a lie that tell the truth . penelope I dunno about truth . a photograph be a secret about a secret . the more it tell you , the less you know . bloom what 's change between now and twenty minute ago ? Cause this be kinda like a conversation . penelope huh . well shit . 67 ext . backyard - day 67 Bloom and penelope walk and talk , finally round the house and end up at the driveway . bloom well , I should , uh , it 's late . so . I meet a lot of people in my job I have to professionally act interested in . it 's a good feel to be genuinely interested in someone . penelope be you leave ? bloom yeah . 40 67 continued : 67 penelope be you come back ? bloom well next time I be in town . we be take a steamer at noon tomorrow off the dock , to the continent for a few month . during this , Bloom very naturally move he hand to the small of penelope 's back . the edge of he thumb come to rest on a small slit of expose skin . penelope 's expression do not change , but a noticeable blush cross she still face . when Bloom remove he hand , the blush fall . bloom ( cont would ) Paris and Greece , I think . I have gotta get a hat . thanks for the pinhole camera demonstration . and for the good conversation . Goodbye penelope . penelope Goodbye Bloom . he drive off . she stand in the doorway , watch he go . 68 ext . the dock - day 68 a jaunty steamer ship dock and ready . Bloom watch the access road , Stephen make note , the chink whittles . bloom I need another day with she . stephen you will have two week on the boat . bloom I need another day to get she on the boat , she be not hook . that bit I skip where we be talk in the backyard , it be ten minute on the optic of lensless photography , we do not really talk . 41 68 continued : 68 stephen it be not the talk that hook she . Bloom turn from the road . bloom I think you be wrong . a screech of distant tire and a crash . Bloom do not look . bloom ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) though every time I say that , you end up be comically right . that 's she , be not it ? yeah . penelope pull a clumsy steamer trunk that never could have fit in she lamborghini , which be bent around a pylon . Bloom meet she . penelope hey . bloom hi . what be you do here ? she hold out the stack of bill in the green rubber band . penelope you leave this money in my kitchen . he do not take it . bloom yeah , I do not want it , but thanks . penelope oh. ( beat ) hey , where 's this boat go ? 69 ext . the atlantic ocean - day 69 the good ship fidele break the wave greece-ward . 70 ext . deck - day 70 Bloom and penelope stroll the deck . 42 70 continued : 70 bloom why do you decide to come ? penelope well I would never be to Greece . or Europe . or outside New Jersey . bloom it just seem like a big leap . from where you be at yesterday to be a world traveler . penelope it look like fun . I want to do it . bloom a new hobby . up ahead , Bloom spot a large man in a fur collare cape gaze out to sea . he quickly turn penelope away . bloom ( cont would ) here , this way . 71 ext . shuffleboard deck - day 71 the chink and Stephen play shuffleboard . Bloom lead penelope to they . bloom penelope , this be my brother Stephen . stephen please to make you acquaintance . Bloom 's tell I about you , you be the epileptic photographer ? penelope sort of . stephen this be my personal secretary and masseuse , Mrs. yuengle . a nearly imperceptible glare from the chink . penelope yuengle like the beer ? 43 71 continued : 71 stephen heh . no . so what be you plan in Greece ? penelope I do not plan . stephen good for you . the chink hit a damn near impossible shuffleboard shot , then give Stephen a point deferential giggle - bow . 72 int . state room - night 72 the brother dress for dinner . bloom you name the chink kyuengle ? ' stephen I be write in a bar . and she do not drink , how do she know a Philly beer ? bloom she know a lot of stuff . ( beat ) be that who I think it be on the East deck this morning ? stephen yes it be . do he spot you ? a ominous glance . bloom not yet . 73 ext . deck - night 73 several small table scattered about the moonlit deck , Bloom and penelope sit with flute of champagne . penelope , in a elegant but understate dress , shuffles a pack of card . bloom you look very nice . she laugh as if at a joke she do not think be funny . 44 73 continued : 73 bloom ( cont would ) what be you childhood like ? penelope I make camera out of watermelon . bloom Lonely . penelope lucky guess . penelope 's hand move faster . she know how to shuffle card . bloom how be it lonely ? penelope fishing for a entertaining childhood anecdote that encapsulate my adult issue ? bloom well it 's funny how everyone 's usually get one . as penelope tell she story she get fancier with she shuffles . penelope when I turn six I start get allergy , hayfever , rash , really bad . so my mom take I into the doctor , and he do that test where they use needle to prick a grid on you back with all the different toxin , to see which one you be allergic to . the next day I come in , the doctor lift up my shirt , and my back look like a patch of oily , moldy , blackish green double - puff marshmallow . I be allergic to everything . so they seal the house with plastic and a special ventilation system , and I spend my entire childhood and adolescence indoors . mostly alone . Lonely . she pull the queen out of the deck and lay they face up on the table . 45 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 bloom wow . penelope it be not `til I be nineteen they discover what I be actually allergic to be the aluminum alloy the hypodermic needle be make out of . then I be go to leave , but my mom get sick . so I stay . and she stay sick , a long time . bloom do you feel cheat ? penelope do a amazing card trick use the four queen . penelope the trick to not feel cheat be to learn how to cheat . so I decide this be not a story about a miserable girl trap in a house that smell like medical supplies waste she life on a die person she sometimes hate . it be about a girl who could find infinite beauty in anything , any little thing . and do anything she decide to do . and love the person she be trap with . so I tell myself that story until it become true . now do do that let I escape a waste life , or do it just blind I so I would not want to escape it ? I do not know . but either way , I be the one tell my own story . so I do not feel cheat . she finish the trick . a single pair of hand clap turn they head . at the far end of the deck , alone at a table , the large man in the fur collare cape , who for reason unlikely to become clear at the moment will be call the curator . the curator and a magician be just a actor play the part of a magician . my compliment . Bloom take penelope gently by the elbow and guide she up and away . 46 74 ext . bow - night 74 they stroll out onto the moonlit bow of the ship . penelope who be that man ? you avoid he earlier on the deck . bloom I do not know , but he 's carry a knife up he sleeve and wear a cape . do I a favor and steer clear of he . a waltz drift through the air from a band unseen . bloom ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I do not suppose in all you hobby acquire you ever learn how to dance ? penelope I go through a phase when I be mildly obsessed with the bolero . bloom give I a minute . he leave she alone . Cloud obscure the moon , shadow deepen . she shiver . a match strike . she jump . the moon re-emerges , and she be no longer alone on the deck . the curator light a dapper briar pipe , shake out the match . the curator Mademoiselle . penelope monsieur . the curator ( in french , subtitle ) I do not mean to startle you . penelope ( in french , subtitle ) yes you do . 47 74 continued : 74 the curator ( in french , subtitle ) apology , but the deck be dark , and I have to approach . ( English ) it 's be such a time since I have encounter the Brothers Bloom . penelope you be in antique ? the curator ( cheshire grin ) antique . I wonder , my dear , if you know the true nature of the man you travel with ? the band strike up a bolero . the curator flick he wrist , and a long thin blade fall into he hand . the curator ( cont would ) a little fear might suit you , I think . he raise the blade ... it be in fact a fine mustache brush , which he delicately employ . the curator ( cont would ) bon soir , mar cherie . with that the curator back into the shadow , and be go . moment later Bloom trot up to she , oblivious . bloom it be not a Spanish band , but they will do they best . he hand she a single blood red rise . she put it in she tooth , and they dance . if there be a tinge of tension in the air , the bolero suit it . the moon duck behind a cloud once more , and they dance on in the dark . 75 int . state room - morning 75 Bloom wake with a start . Morning light pour in through he porthole . he open it , look out to sea . 48 75 continued : 75 his dinner jacket drape over a chair . the rise in its lapel . he fish it out . run he finger over the tooth mark on the stem . then raise a eyebrow at a lump in the breast pocket , and pull out the stack of bill in the green rubber band . 76 ext . deck - morning 76 the chink and penelope lie on they stomach on the deck , a beer can pinhole camera between they . penelope give a lesson on how it work . the chink appreciate she . 77 ext . breakfast deck - later 77 Bloom escort penelope to breakfast . penelope how would you find she ? bloom the chi-nese , uh , yeungle ? she find we . 78 int . kitchen - early morning ( flashback ) 78 Bloom cook breakfast in he bathrobe . bloom ( o.s. ) a few year back , when we hit the top of we art deal game , she just appear . a door open and slam . Bloom turn . the chink sit at he place at the table , suitcase beside she , smoking a cigarette . bloom ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) she 's stick with we . we figure when she get bored she will vanish with the same lack of noise . like feed a strange animal , Bloom pour she coffee . she drink it without look at he . 49 79 ext . breakfast deck 79 penelope I like she . bloom good . they smile when they see Stephen and the chink at a table . they smile drop when they see the curator sit with they . Bloom glare at the curator , but speak to Stephen . bloom ( cont would ) what 's he do here ? stephen I invite he , sit down . this ship 's too small to dance around each other for a week , we might as well have it out now . Bloom . sit. penelope , do you know we friend ? penelope only as the creepy frenchman . the curator book-learn . you know language but not accent , my dear . I be belgian . maxmillion melville , at you service . bloom also know in certain professional circle as the curator . penelope please to make you acquaintance . what do you do ? the curator I be a curator , presently for the National Museum in Prague . and yourself ? penelope I be a epileptic photographer . the curator good for you . boy ? what do you do ? 50 79 continued : 79 stephen we have a legitimate antique reselling business . the curator baissez le rideau , la farce est jouee . stephen we have go straight , Max . the curator pardon , but you do not ascend to the grand height of the Brothers Bloom only to toss it all and sell terra cotta to blue haire weekend antiquer . stephen we do . eat you waffle . the curator but Mademoiselle appear ... confuse . perhaps she be unawares ? bloom eat you waffle , fat man . the curator unaware that the Brothers Bloom be in fact the two most highly respected art smuggler in the western world ? stephen be . we have be on the straight for three year . so that 's that . the curator well , if that be that , then that be indeed that . as you say . penelope snap she finger . everyone look up . penelope you name 's melville ? the curator maxmillion melville , esquire . 51 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 penelope sorry , no , cause I notice but I could not place it , this ship be the fidele , which be the ship in melville 's novel " the confidence man . " so that 's weird . everyone glance at Stephen , a little uncomfortable . stephen huh . 80 int . deck - night 80 Bloom pace , Stephen shuffles card . bloom I know you like to throw that clever little detail in , but you have gotta watch that shit with she Stephen . she have a lot of time alone in that house , and she use it . she do the best double dutch queen I have ever see up on the deck last night . stephen double dutch queen use gaff card . bloom she have they in she purse and cut they in while I be fold my napkin . stephen Jesus . bloom that 's what I be say . she 's different , she know , sometimes it feel like she know everything . do not that worry you ? stephen no . but something about she be worry you plenty . bloom she feel like one of you character . 52 80 continued : 80 stephen the day I con you be the day I die , Bloom . bloom I know that . ( beat ) how do you get the belgian , on we budget ? stephen he 's beautiful , right ? bloom I do not expect he to actually be belgian . stephen I be not sure he be . I be to bed . Stephen stand to go , then pause . stephen ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I have always protect you , right ? the only real danger in this whole play be that you will actually fall in love with she . look at I . do not fall in love with she . 81 ext . upper deck - continuous 81 the chink sit smoking she whittle pipe , watch Bloom alone on the deck . Stephen pass she , and she stop he with a look . stephen shut up . I know what I be do . she hand he a thin piece of paper . he look it over . stephen ( cont would ) this come through just now ? the paper be a telegram with the fidele 's imprint , receive from St. Petersburg . Stephen read it . 53 81 continued : 81 stephen ( cont would ) " my dear Stephen stop Word on the wire be the bros B be bound for Prague stop be head there myself would love to see my boy stop affectionately dd . " the diamond Dog . he crumple the paper , look down at Bloom . stephen ( cont would ) Wire he back for I . " dear Dog stop unless you have lately feel a excess of eye leave in you head kindly stay the fuck away from I and my brother stop regards , " etcetera . 82 ext . the mediterranian sea - morning 82 the good ship fidele round the rock of Gibraltar . 83 ext . deck - morning 83 Bloom and penelope lie on the deck , watch dolphin . she say this word like she 's eat chocolate : penelope smuggler . it 's like a adventure story . whose idea be it to go straight ? bloom mine . Stephen always love the life . then he be almost kill on a run to jakarta , two thug with head like can ham work he beyond all reason . 84 ext . jakarta pier - night ( flashback ) 84 Stephen be set upon by two thug . he rush they . stephen have at thee , you ham head bastard ! 54 26/11/06 . 85 ext . deck - morning 85 bloom and I call it , that be it . penelope scary . bloom for I . Stephen enjoy it . he love the idea that we be internationally infamous art smuggler , but I think deep down , same as I , he feel like we be put on a persona , fake it . penelope telling a story . bloom he would love to die on a job . cornere at midnight on a run to jakarta . that 's he dream , to tell he story so well it fulfill itself . it somehow would make it finally real for he . penelope that 's kinda the thing we all want , right ? he look at she in the sun . bloom try to get something real by tell yourself storey be a trap . trust I on that one . 86 ext . grecian port - day 86 kalamata , if it matter . the fidele dock in bright blue water . we intrepid heroes stand aside a dusty road , surround by they luggage . the curator approach , tip he hat to they . the curator best of luck with the antique , boy . au revoir , chinois . ( more ) ( more ) 55 86 continued : 86 the curator ( cont would ) ( to penelope ) Mademoiselle . me restes d'offre . with a wink , he be go . a beat . penelope stand apart . bloom my french be a little rusty , but I believe he just tell you `my offer stand . ' penelope he come out of nowhere last night . 87 ext . deck - night ( flashback ) 87 penelope take air on the moonlit deck . the curator dissolves out of the darkness . penelope ( v.o. ) whatever 's in he pipe , it make I thick . he bring she face close to hers , smoke twist , and speak unheard word low and fast . 88 ext . grecian port - morning 88 bloom oh lord . what have he get ? penelope a 8th century prayer book . 89 ext . prague street - day 89 we fly through the city street ... penelope ( v.o. ) from he museum in Prague , stashed in the castle . up to the base of the castle , through a grate hole in a ancient wall , into ... 90 int . museum vault 90 a stun illuminate manuscript lie open on a stone table . the curator 's hand close it gently and take it away . 56 90 continued : 90 stephen ( v.o. ) a book of hour . penelope ( v.o. ) yeah . medieval art bore the crap out of I so I do not know it that well . so that 's what he do , he make piece in he collection disappear , then sell they off via a trust middleman . 91 ext . grecian port 91 bloom that 's what he do . stephen wonder who 's he fence ? bloom probably he Spanish guy , right ? ( ask penelope ) do he say who 's buy ? penelope a argentinian . Argentine ? argentinian ? 92 ext . deck - night ( flashback ) 92 the curator a gentleman from Argentina . he 's quite sick , cancer in he bone , and desperate for sentimental reason to own this piece while he may . 93 ext . grecian port 93 penelope he will sell it to a middleman for one million , US . the argentin ... a guy will pay two point five . stephen not bad . penelope be he legit ? 57 93 continued : 93 stephen the curator ? that 's a relative term . he 's tell the truth . bloom I be sorry you have to deal with that guy . behind penelope , two porter load she steamer trunk into the back of a taxi . bloom ( cont would ) where 's that cab go ? penelope the train station . bloom where 's the train go ? penelope Prague . Bloom breathes . penelope ( cont would ) let 's do it . let 's , just , I want to try this . let 's be smuggler . I think it would be fun . we should do this . bloom no . penelope why not ? bloom well first off , we do not have a million dollar . penelope I do , I have get , that 's whatever . I mean a real reason . bloom this be real , it 's dangerous , it could go very bad . penelope I think a little real danger might suit I . I be gonna do it . ( more ) 58 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 penelope ( cont would ) so if you want to join my smuggler gang , you know , I will consider it . she walk off towards the taxi . bloom this be not a adventure story . penelope what be you talk about ? it totally be . 94 ext . hungarian countryside - night 94 a train roar through the night towards Prague . 95 int . stephen' sleeping car - night 95 Stephen recline , hat on he face . Bloom pace . stephen take it easy . she 's have fun , that 's the point of this . bloom she 's make a flag for we " smuggler gang , " man . she make I learn a secret smuggler handshake . unhealthy . this afternoon , when she be write , in the observation car ? a letter ? a journal ? no . she be get way too into this . Bloom fish a crumpled piece of paper from he pocket and thrust it in front of Stephen 's face . on it be write dozen of variation in stylize font of " penelope the smuggler . " bloom ( cont would ) she 's be sing the smuggler song since athen . stephen what smuggler song ? 59 95 continued : 95 bloom you know , the one from whatsit , the Disney thing , that smuggler song , the ` we be a band of smuggler hey , la la la la la , we smuggle by night and drink by day , smuggler ho , ho ho , smuggler ... ' there , this be not ... there be not a smuggler song , be there ? ok . she make up a smuggler song . with hand motion . stephen the whole point of this be to sweep she off she foot . let she enjoy it . bloom while it last . stephen nothing last . exit Bloom . Stephen sigh and drop he hat back on he face . 96 int . bloom' sleeping car 96 Bloom read . footstep pound by outside . penelope and the chink run past he door . a moment later a uniform attendant run past . a beat , then the footstep come back , and the girl duck into Bloom 's cabin , slamm the door . Sacks in they tooth . off Bloom 's quizzical look : penelope smuggle . from the snack car . they pull bag of chip and tiny liquor bottle from they sack . Bloom glare at the chink , who try to avoid he gaze . 97 int . snack car 97 Bloom pay the snack car attendant from a stack of euros , while the chink give he count on she finger . 60 97 continued : 97 bloom fourteen gin ? be you kid I ? the chink jameson . bloom I be not pay for that . she hold up two finger , the attendant pour two . attendant Ice ? she say no with a look , they drink . bloom she make up the smuggler song . the chink nod . Bloom pay for the jameson . bloom ( cont would ) I think it be a Disney thing . 98 int . penelope's sleeping car - later that night 98 the light be off . penelope recline on the bed , surround by empty tiny gin bottle . drunk . Bloom sit on the floor , both frame in a big window look out on a breathtaking moonlit landscape roll hypnotically by . penelope gin be fuckin fruity . have you take this train before ? bloom yeah . penelope so this be all like fuckin ` whatever ' to you . bloom I usually drink with the chink in the snack car , play card . penelope with the who ? 61 98 continued : 98 oops . bloom Mrs. yeungle . that 's she smuggler nickname . penelope that 's offensive . bloom I think if it be offensive to she , she would let we know . penelope do I get a smuggler nickname ? Bloom quietly slip the stack of cash in the green rubber band into penelope 's luggage . bloom no . penelope I think you be constipate . in you fuckin soul . Bloom make several attempt to form a response to this before give up . bloom what ? penelope you have get a big load of grumpy petrify poop up you ass , I be just call you out on it . yeah I be pretend I be a smuggler , so you know what ? I be a fuckin smuggler . if that 's you thing , fuckin tell it like you own it . when you have get a spotlight in front of you foot , man , fuckin jump into it and dance the shit out of it . stop fuckin think so much . enjoy the fuckin ride . fuck . a roll of thunder and spectacular flash of lightning ignites the landscape , and rain start to patter . penelope stiffen . penelope ( cont would ) whoa . 62 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 bloom look , I be not - penelope shh . I love thunderstorm . another crash . lying on she stomach , penelope slowly start feel something which make she undulate . Bloom stare , confuse . penelope ( cont would ) whoa ha . oh ho ho . ohhhhhh whoooo ha ha ha ha . beneath she , the train wheel rhythmically clack and vibrate against the track . another flash of lighten , the rain fall harder . penelope writhes . Bloom silently shrink back in terror . penelope ( cont would ) oh hooooooooooo ha ha ha ha ha ha ha oh my GOD , ha whoooo .. whee ... ha ... hoo . I ... be ... so horny . bloom nite . the door to she car latch , and Bloom be go . 99 int . snack car - night 99 Bloom sit drink and play card with the chink . he space out , she snap she finger to wake he up . bloom ( play a card ) that 's the big 2 . 100 ext . hungarian countryside - night 100 the train steam onward into the grow storm . 101 ext . charle bridge , prague - morning 101 we intrepid four stroll the bridge , the city 's castle loom before they . penelope slump pale face in dark glass . 63 101 continued : 101 stephen the last time I be in Prague , I be in love . penelope what be she like ? stephen pale skin . Long foot . so. he wink . 102 int . prague HOTEL room - day 102 stephen ( v.o. ) Bloom and I will secure we lodging , the brother set they suitcase on the bed . Bloom find the stack of bill in the green rubber band in he . 103 int . national museum - day 103 stephen ( v.o. ) Mrs. yeungle will scout the castle museum . the chink , in ridiculous tourist garb and a " property of kgb " t-shirt , take picture with one of several camera around she neck . 104 ext . charle bridge , prague 104 stephen you will go to the bank , that wire should have clear if you put it in at athen . penelope Cash ? 105 int . prague bank - day 105 stephen ( v.o. ) only movie thug and Russians deal in suitcase of cash . draw a certified check . 64 105 continued : 105 a cashier hand over a elaborate check , which penelope sign and put in a envelope . 106 int . apartment staircase - day 106 a baroque spiral staircase , the spine of a high apartment building . we intrepid four ring the bell beside a apartment door . the curator ( from inside ) who the hell be that ?! who be it ?! stephen candy - Gram . it 's we , Max . Stephen push open the door , and a instant later a shotgun blast take out a chunk of the landing beside he head . they all dive onto the floor , pile on top of each other . the curator ( from inside ) who the hell be you , what do you want , who the hell !!!!?? bloom stephen Max ! Max ! it 's we , Bloom , Max ! Max ! it 's Stephen and Stephen , Jesus , Max , easy , Bloom , easy , whoa , Christ , whoa ! whoa now ! the curator stand in the smoky apartment hallway , sloppily drape in a ratty bathrobe , bottle in one hand and shotgun in the other . he squint at they . the curator ( cont would ) ah. good morning . come in . I have be drink . 107 int . the curator' apartment - later 107 a schematic of the castle laid on the kitchen table . the curator look even worse in the light , red rimmed eye , heavy skin on he face . the curator here , off the basilica , be office of administration , and beneath that , a otherwise inaccessible section of catacomb . and the book . 65 107 continued : 107 bloom administrative office . so how do you steal the book ? the curator the book be already steal . the steal be in the bureaucracy , in the filing , red tape . as far as the museum be concerned , the book do not exist . I be the curator , I walk in , pinch the copy girl 's baboosh , put the book in a briefcase and walk out . tomorrow , say , at two . stephen today . the curator today be not a good day . stephen tomorrow . now what about this argentinian . the curator ( blank , then realize ) ah , the Argentine ? senor luise belguta rioso . I get he file . 108 int . curator apartment bedroom - later 108 penelope and Bloom wander into the bedroom , look at a array of beautiful painting on the wall . penelope gin be slow death , man . Stephen and the chink poke they head in , leave . the curator stroll in . stephen we will see you back at the hotel . ( glance at the curator ) soon . they go , leave Bloom and penelope , who squint at a unframe oil on canvas , of a lonely stone well in a primeval forest clear . it sit at the foot of a unmade bed . 66 108 continued : 108 the curator from a private collection on the island of ikaria . that one . bloom who paint it ? the curator I do not know . penelope why be it the last thing you see every night , and the first thing you see every morning ? the curator that 's a story . you have a minute ? he close the blind and sit on a stool in front of the painting . setting the stage . the curator ( cont would ) my daughter travel with I when she be very young , and I would show she the place and the art , all the most joyous and terrifying thing in the world . memories of he daughter 's hand in he , flash against the sun . the curator ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I want that the world be alive in the most fantastic way for she . to build she a pair of wing . make this thing real . but maybe more than any other objet d'art , she love to hear she would ask to hear the story of the stone golem . from a painting in a small private collection on the island of ikaria . he motion to the painting , and we move into it . as he tell the story the scene be show in the painting , just as still image , which we move across like a picture book . the curator ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) well Rachel , like most monster the golem be once a human . a boy , about you age . ( more ) 67 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 the curator ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) and one day the boy be walk home , and he quarrel , he fight , with a good friend of he . they get very angry and he friend push he a certain way and the boy fall and strike he head and die . the boy 's friend be very sad but also very frighten . so instead of tell the boy 's parent , he do something awful . he pull the body into a quarry , a pit of break rock , and hide the boy beneath a pile of large stone . well . year go by , and the boy 's friend become a young man , and one day while drink in town ( which in he guilt he do quite a lot of ) he hear that a well be be build near the forest ... with the stone from the quarry . he run to the quarry to find it nearly empty ... no stone , no body . he run to the well where the mason be finish they work . ` do they find anything strange in the quarry ? ' he ask , expect , maybe hope they would arrest he for the awful crime on the spot . but no , they say , motion to the well . nothing strange . just stone . they leave he alone there at the well , and he stand look into it as the sun fall behind the mountain and twilight set the world in a deep , still silence . the last image we land on be the well , alone in the clear . its dark innard loom ominously in the long pregnant silence that follow . then , with a pierce roar , a live monster of stone lunge out of the well , animated and terrifying , grab the friend by the throat and with a crunching of bone and one last roar pull he back down into the depth of the well . silence again . we pull out of the painting , back to the curator , sit very still . the curator ( cont would ) my daughter die nineteen year ago today . she be six . she go out to play one afternoon and vanish . ( more ) 68 108 continued : ( 3 ) 108 the curator ( cont would ) the next morning we find she , in a stone well on a neighbor property . I climb down to she , but slip and break my leg , and while we wait for the rescue team to pull we out she die in my arm . if you have have a child ... my whole everything just focus down to one thing , to hold she and make she feel safe . but no matter what I say to she , I could not stop she shaking , cry . her last moment on this earth be fill with terror . of a stone golem . he stand , open the blind , pour another drink . the curator ( cont would ) it be the first painting I vacquire . ' I keep it maybe hope some night the golem will come for I . 109 int . apartment staircase - moment later 109 Bloom trot out , ahead of penelope . the curator Mademoiselle . Bloom keep go , anxious to leave , but penelope linger on the staircase . the curator come out . the curator ( cont would ) it be you I do business with , yes ? penelope right . oh , right . she give he the envelope with the certified check . he shake she hand , then deftly adjust he grip so that just for a moment he hold she hand as you would hold a child 's . he let go , and smile apologetically . the curator au revoir . 69 110 ext . prague street - day 110 penelope and Bloom stroll home in silence through crowded , vibrant cobblestone street . penelope you be not constipate . you be scared . what be you scared of ? they walk on , suddenly somehow hold hand . as they approach the hotel , Bloom deftly break they hand hold off . penelope notice why . 111 int . prague HOTEL room - continuous 111 Stephen , up in the window watch they approach . he recede into the room . 112 ext . prague street - night 112 the sun set against the castle , take we into night . 113 int . prague HOTEL bar - night 113 Bloom drink alone , sketching penelope 's face with a pencil . a smell break he concentration . bloom diamond Dog , carry a cup and a cane . stand behind he , a soft old man in a ashy suit and eyepatch . the diamond dog . diamond dog Bloom . how long have it be ? ( sit , order ) tea. ( to Bloom ) can you believe that ? tea ? be a long while . bloom if I call Stephen down he will kill you . 70 113 continued : 113 diamond dog well then please do not call Stephen down . look at you , you be terrify . c'mon now , look . take a look . I be a old man with no depth perception . you do not have to be scared of I . the Dog play with a heavy gold lighter , make spark . diamond dog ( cont would ) it 's be a funny thing , watch you boy take what I teach you and eclipse I . I be so proud to be a footnote in the life of the Brothers Bloom . and you hate I . the curse of all bad father - that my presence on this earth after I die will not live on the lip of admire man , but will sink into the murky backwater of my child 's psyches . bloom be this profundity ? Cause you can skip it . diamond dog ha ! ha ha . piss and vinegar . the Dog scoot next to Bloom . diamond dog ( cont would ) when I first take you boy in , show you the rope , haunt St. Pete 's , piss and vinegar . I still crave that youthful joy . even today . the Dog 's hand touch Bloom 's leg . there be something horrible about this . beneath the bar , Bloom grip the sharp pencil like a knife . bloom do not touch I . diamond dog you probably will not believe I love you boy very much . 71 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 bloom you be go to take you hand away or I be go to break you arm , there 's nothing between . he do , but Bloom 's finger do not loosen on the pencil . diamond dog but love , you know . we know , folk like we , you can always blink and realize that it 's a fiction , and like Peter walk on water or wiley coyote run off a cliff , if you look down in doubt you will fall . that 's the price of we life , the wax in we wing . one day Stephen 's go to fall . it may be glorious , but he 's go to fall hard and he will not be there to tell you what to do and protect you . when he 's go , remember I . the Dog have move in very close to Bloom , he breath hot on he face , and he hand come to rest fully on Bloom 's leg . Bloom 's hand with the pencil quiver , about to strike - when Bloom be pull from the bar stool by a heavy hand . Stephen , he eye burn through the Dog . diamond dog ( cont would ) hello Stephen . Stephen smashes a bottle from the bar and slashes it across the Dog 's hand . waiter and porter tackle he , the Dog howl , hold he bleed hand . Bloom stand numb , and put the pencil in he pocket . 114 ext . prague HOTEL - night 114 Bloom watch the Dog get into a wait black mercede . for a instant the car 's interior light show a 11 year old boy behind the tinted glass , as the Dog slide in and put he arm around he . the mercede drive off . 72 115 ext . prague street - night 115 right in front of the hotel , on the water . Bloom sip coffee from a china cup , spin a paper in he hand . Stephen join he , with a match cup . stephen I be sorry I be not there . bloom you can not always be there . stephen no , I guess can not . a beat . bloom that be a real tonal shift . the curator 's tale . on one side of the paper be the sketch of penelope , on the other be the con flowchart . " # 12 - the curator 's Tale . " " # 14 - Castle break - in . " stephen I be a big fan of tonal shift . I do not write it for he , though . bloom he make it up on the spot ? stephen I do not know . 116 int . bloom' HOTEL room - night 116 Bloom flop into bed . he turn and look at the wall . right on the other side of it ... 117 int . penelope's HOTEL room - continuous 117 penelope lie in bed , look at the wall also . she close she eye . 73 118 int . bloom' HOTEL room - night 118 Bloom 's breathe slow . he close he eye . a beat . then light snore break the silence , come through the wall . penelope snore . Bloom smile slightly . what a cute snore . the snore deepen slightly . the clock on the wall advance from 1:30 be to 5:50 be , and through the window the horizon glow with the approach of dawn . Bloom lie wide awake on he back , red rimmed eye wide open , the guttural snore ringing in he ear . 119 int . apartment staircase - morning 119 we four at the curator 's door . Bloom knock , and they all step judiciously back . no response . stephen Max ? bloom we be a little early ... 120 int . the curator' aparment - morning 120 still and silent in the break light of morning . and totally empty . picked clean down to the bare wall . the only thing leave in the apartment be the painting of the well ... break on the floor . we intrepid four stand in various state of thoughtfulness . penelope stare at the painting , Bloom at the window . penelope the golem come for he . in my dream . crawle out of the painting and kill he in a horrible way . 74 120 continued : 120 bloom well at least he have the decency to just skip out on we , not do something tacky like fake he own death . poke around the room , Bloom open a closet . the curator stand press against the back wall in he pajamas . the curator ( sotto ) you be a little early . Bloom quickly close it . stephen I do not get it . if he be hightail it he could have wait eight hour till we trade the million for the book , and have some travel money . well . back to antique . nothing gain , nothing lose . ( to penelope ) and you get to see Prague , which be nice . penelope 's eye widen with realization . penelope oh . bloom you should stay in the city for awhile , they have this amazing puppet show opera thing - but Stephen raise a hand to shut he up . stephen oh ? 121 ext . sidewalk bar - day 121 several empty glass of wine , one full one in penelope 's hand . all head be slump . penelope oh . 75 121 continued : 121 bloom it 's my fault . I can not believe I leave you alone with he . the chink hand Stephen a piece of paper . he glance at it . stephen the check be cashed yesterday afternoon , he would have deposit it in a swiss account . I be sorry Pen . penelope what a waste . Bloom put he hand on she arm , sympathetic . penelope ( cont would ) that poor man . what a waste . Bloom 's expression turn quizzical . penelope ( cont would ) that poor Argentina man . he will never see the book now , it will just rot in the catacomb . what a waste . when penelope lift she suddenly brighten eye in a moment of divine inspiration , Bloom meet she gaze with fear . 122 ext . charle bridge , prague - day 122 Bloom pace , penelope look up at the castle with binocular . the chink and Stephen stand by . bloom no . no no . can not you see what happen here , there be no book , we have be swindle - penelope but maybe there be , maybe it 's real , we do not know ! bloom it 's not real , it 's a con . penelope it 's my money , I be go to find out for sure . he give we every piece of information we need . 76 122 continued : 122 she spread the castle floor plan out on a bench . Bloom turn to Stephen and the chink with a " this be crazy right ? " expression and gesture . they give he nothing back . stephen we would need to clear the administrative office . some sort of disruption . the chink stroke she chin in mock - thoughtfulness . penelope ( to Bloom ) c'mon . help I break into this castle . it will be fun . 123 ext . field - day 123 a barbie doll set up in the middle of the field explode in a theatrical plume of fire . several other follow suit . the chink pop up from behind a mound of dirt in she aviator goggle , cigarette dangle from she lip . she lean on a detonator plunger . Bloom , Stephen and penelope crouch nearby , watch she work . stephen she 's a artist with nitroglycerin . it 's kind of she thing . penelope I feel like I want to know more about she . bloom stephen yeah . yeah . stephen check the tat . on the back of the chink 's neck , a few finely script line of chinese . 77 123 continued : 123 stephen ( cont would ) a inky wisp of personal information . we transcribe it , bring it into a chinese restaurant . penelope what 's it say ? bloom the literal translation be something about water crane , but essentially it mean " when you be do with something , blow it up . " 124 int . penelope's prague HOTEL room - evening 124 the chink lie on the floor with penelope , show she how to build a tiny remotely detonate bomb . she slice a tiny bit off a brick of dynamite , set it in a petri dish with a detonator , and put the whole thing in a handbag . penelope appreciate she . Bloom and Stephen hunker over the castle floorplan . stephen there 's a smoke detector in this empty room in the east tower . so we plant and set off a tiny - ( to the chink ) tiny tiny , tiny charge . the chink click a seemingly innocent ballpoint pen . with a beep , a tiny poof of fire plume from the handbag set it on fire , and the smoke rise to the ceiling . stephen ( cont would ) Fire drill ensue , office empty , and you will have exactly four and a half minute to get through the access hatch , into the catacomb , get the book and get out before the fire department arrive . penelope and the chink do they elaborate handshake , and she give Stephen and Bloom a finger snap thumb up . 78 125 int . penelope's HOTEL room - later 125 Bloom and penelope , up late at the table . go over the floorplan one more time . bloom so straight down the corridor , again , tell I where . penelope second leave , third right , access hatch behind the copier , I need to sleeeeeeep ... bloom the abort code if we need to abort be " corn beef . " for some reason . penelope Bloom , I need to sleep . he fold up the plan , she wrap up the brick of dynamite and bomb component and spot a black leather backpack beside a open handbag on the table . penelope ( cont would ) be this yeungle 's backpack ? bloom yeah . she gently put the brick of stabilize nitroglycerin inside the front zipper compartment , and set the tiny petri-dish bomb beside the handbag . penelope you know what I feel ? bloom horny ? penelope scare . all my big talk . but this be not a story , it 's real . fuckin scary . she kiss he . he kiss she back . 79 125 continued : 125 the pure whole heart sensuality with which they attack each other and the deluge of almost child - like need let loose in this one simple act quickly reach a point where as a viewer we no longer feel comfortable intrude with we gaze . Fifteen second after this point , we fade out . 126 ext . prague - dawn 126 the sun arc into the sky above the castle . 127 int . penelope's prague HOTEL room - dawn 127 Bloom half wake . across the landscape of the bed , penelope sleep . sunlight on she body and she sleep face . distant knocking . from the next room over . Bloom 's eye snap open . he scamper . 128 ext . prague HOTEL window ledge - dawn continuous 128 in he boxer , hold trousers and shirt in he tooth , Bloom swing over the ledge from penelope 's window into he . 129 int . bloom' prague HOTEL room - dawn continuous 129 he open the door for Stephen , who regards he narrowly . stephen ready ? 130 int . penelope's prague HOTEL room - morning 130 the chink pick up the backpack , handbag and petri dish bomb . 131 int . penelope's prague HOTEL room - morning 131 penelope fold a plastic bag and put it under she jacket . 132 ext . castle adjacent street - day 132 a little alcove with a good view of the castle . 80 132 continued : 132 Stephen train he gaze on one set of window high in the Eastern tower . Bloom pace . 133 int . eastern tower room - continuous 133 a empty storage room , half under construction . the chink walk in , wear the backpack and carry the handbag . she go straight for a spot just under a smoke detector . 134 ext . castle adjacent street - continuous 134 Stephen , Bloom and penelope be join by the chink . stephen ok . he look through he binocular again . bloom alright ? penelope ok . they share a brief moment with they eye , and penelope trot off . the chink catch it . she look at Bloom slyly . bloom for the record , I be still against this . why send she in alone ? the chink find a way to casually smell Bloom 's finger . stephen because go in alone be a very important thing to do . she 's walk into a zero security tourism office during a fire drill and take a five hundred dollar manuscript replica from a utility crawlspace . worst case scenario , a file clerk ask if she 's lose . which be not even go to happen . ( to the chink ) she 's in position . he spot penelope casually wait beside a unmark door . Bloom notice the chink look at he with a know grin . she mime sealing she lip and toss the key . 81 134 continued : 134 she then take the ballpoint pen detonator ... out of the handbag dangle at she hip . stephen ( cont would ) Cause nobody 's go to know we be ever here . Bloom spot the handbag . something 's not right . bloom uh - the chink click the pen . 135 int . eastern tower room - continuous 135 the black backpack , sit under the smoke alarm , beep . 136 ext . castle adjacent street - continuous 136 a thunderous explosion blow a massive ten foot wide chunk out of the side of the Eastern tower , spew a painfully dramatic ball of fire and debris . scream . shout . panic . we three look up at the tower , agape . the chink fuck I . Bloom grab the binocular from Stephen , look for penelope . 137 ext . castle courtyard - day 137 panicked tourist stumble away from the descend dust . penelope see what 's happen , but hold she ground . the unmark door open , and a dozen business people pour out . 138 ext . castle adjacent street - day 138 bloom do not do it do not do it penelope do not - 82 138 continued : 138 stephen they be lock down the castle , she will not get in . 139 ext . castle courtyard - day 139 she take a step towards the door . 140 ext . castle adjacent street - day 140 Bloom drop the binocular and sprint . 141 ext . castle courtyard - day 141 a burly security guard trot across the courtyard , herding tourist and smoking a cigar . security guard to ze back , no panic , to ze back ... he block the office door , and set he cigar down for a moment . penelope spot it . 142 ext . castle adjacent street - day 142 Bloom near the courtyard , see penelope up ahead . bloom Pen ! do not - abort ! corn beef ! corn beef ! 143 ext . castle courtyard - day 143 penelope deftly spin the cigar 180 degree . the Guard absently pick it up and put it back in he mouth , fire - side first . he howl , double over . she dash into the door . Bloom burst out of the crowd and lunge for the door , but a second security guard stop he . dozen more security guard swarm in . overhead , a army helicopter buzze by . Bloom stare into the doorway , helpless and scared . 83 144 int . tourism office hallway - day 144 Water rain down from the ceiling sprinkler . penelope weave through the hall . 145 int . copy room - day 145 cramped , ill light , and with its own sprinkler . penelope dash in , shoulder the massive cold war era copy machine and with a herculean effort pull it away from the wall . penelope I be in Prague . I burn a man 's lip off to break into a castle in Prague . revealing a access hatch . 146 int . crawlspace 146 tiny , earthy . penelope shut the hatch behind she . Light from a bar window illuminate a rectangular shape lie on a stone slab . penelope approach the small book of hour reverently . 147 ext . charle bridge - day 147 a full view of the castle reveal just about the worst case scenario . the entire area swarm with army helicopter and tank , soldier with rifle , yellow tape , news crew . Stephen , Bloom and the chink sit behind the police line on the bridge with the rest of the crowd . head in they hand . 148 int . crawlspace 148 penelope be break out of she stupor by heavy footstep all around she , soldier search the castle . voice right outside the hatch . she slide the wimpy little bolt shut . it rattles . she look up - a moldy vent in the muddy ceiling . 84 149 ext . charle bridge - day 149 Bloom suddenly stand . bloom wait . wait , we be fine . she 's fine . if the soldier find she wander the hall they will assume she 's a clerk , they will just shoo she out . so as long as she do not do anything suspicious , she 's fine . 150 int . ventilation duct 150 penelope wriggle on she belly through a tin ventilation duct barely big enough for she . the book , encase in the plastic bag , hang from she tooth . sound of soldier search the office come from below she . up ahead she see a point of light . with a gleeful grunt she shimmy faster - she 's nearly make it ! 151 int . tourism office - continuous 151 a dozen soldier and the chief of police have they eye ( and gun ) train on the tin ventilation duct above they head . it be very very obvious not only that a person be crawl through it , but exactly where that person be . the Chief of Police pointedly cough to get she attention . 152 int . ventilation duct 152 penelope freeze . a beat of silence . the tin give way , and she plummet ... 153 int . tourism office - day 153 ... hit the ground hard , then spring to she foot and through some knee - jerk primal instinct kick a nearby soldier in the head . eleven rifle cock and aim at she . 85 153 continued : 153 and that 's how she 's catch , freeze in a kung fu stance , plastic bag in she tooth . she lock eye with the Chief of Police . let the bag drop from she tooth . and open she mouth to speak . 154 ext . charle bridge - afternoon 154 the hubbub have die down considerably , soldier march away from the castle in formation . Bloom Stephen and the chink sit watch for some sign . Three police car , siren blaze , drive down the length of the bridge . bloom the Chief of Police . as the last one pass , Bloom see the Chief of Police riding shotgun , and penelope sit with a soldier behind cage mesh in the back seat . his face fall . then penelope spot he , point and say something . very suddenly , the police car stop . the Chief of Police get out . nod at we intrepid three . and open the door for penelope . as she climb out he motion for the pass soldier to stand at attention and salute she . he kiss she hand . chief of police ( in Czech ) it have be a privilege , madame , to behold even briefly such a strong , beautiful flower . penelope ( in Czech ) thank you sir , I will not soon forget you kindness . she blushes and smile , then do a unhurry victory strut back to Bloom , Stephen and the chink . 86 154 continued : 154 the police car drive off . penelope pull the book out from under she jacket and set it on a bench . a moment of victorious silence . clap she hand , she do a little shuffle dance of joy . penelope ( cont would ) ( sing ) we be a band of smuggler hey , la la la la la , we smuggle by night , drink by day , smuggler ho , ho ho ... everybody ! 155 ext . sidewalk bar - late afternoon 155 Bloom and Stephen sit among empty wine glass . the chink approach , give Stephen a hand gesture . stephen let she sleep . train do not leave till eight . bloom that be real . stephen yeah , I know . bloom fuckin scary . 156 ext . park - late afternoon 156 Bloom walk pensively through a green park . cat Stevens ' " mile from nowhere " play from a nearby radio . his eye catch something . a shiny red apple on a fruit seller 's cart . he approach it slowly , face flushed , breath shallow , eyeing the elderly vendor with a thin semblance of nonchalance . Holy shit . he be go to steal that apple . deftly he pass , lift and pockete it just as the vendor turn away . Bloom have do it . his pale face tighten . 87 156 continued : 156 and turn . and see a five year old boy . give he a stare of infinite judgement . Bloom turn on he heel and run hell for leather . the vendor shout . the little boy chase he , point and scream . dog bark . people stare . and Bloom sprint , apple in hand , a joyful smile form on he lip . 157 int . prague police station - evening 157 Stephen bail Bloom out . stephen a apple ? bloom yeah , but it be part of a epiphany . 158 ext . hungarian countryside - night 158 the train thunder South , towards Greece . 159 int . train sleeper car - night 159 Stephen poke he head into penelope 's car , say goodnight . as soon as he 's go , a foot dangle down outside the window and tap it . penelope pull it open , Bloom shimmy in with two mini bottle of gin . he kiss she . 160 int . ship state room - morning 160 Bloom hold a sleep penelope , watch the sun stream through the window and slip the green rubber band cash into she suitcase . a low horn blow , and Bloom 's face darken . 161 ext . the atlantic ocean - day 161 the good ship fidele break the wave , blow its horn . 88 161 continued : 161 Stephen stand on the deck . Bloom join he . stephen Mexico . he stroll off , leave Bloom watch the horizon gloomily . 162 ext . deck - day 162 we intrepid four sit around a small table ( except for the chink , who lie on a deck chair in a bikini and Chuck Taylors , sun herself . ) stephen oh-kay . we be rendezvouse with senor rioso 's guy here , on a isolate beach just south of the mexican port town tampico . a simple handoff . penelope and yeungle will stay with the car , Bloom and I will do the hand . penelope you guy seem a little tense . stephen well I be not thrilled they set this in Mexico . there could be legitimate reason , but Mexico 's - and I do not want to simplistically vilify a entire country , but Mexico 's a horrible place . so we will be careful . 163 ext . mexico beach - late afternoon 163 the chink fire a automatic pistol eight time into the dead center of a target pin to a palm tree . she re-load . 164 ext . tampico HOTEL ground - continuous 164 the beach sprawling below they , penelope and Bloom meander . the hotel itself feel very old , red ruinous stone . penelope be this go to be more dangerous than I think , tomorrow ? 89 164 continued : 164 bloom yeah . you should sleep at the hotel tonight , I will stay with Stephen at the beach house . you will need sleep . on the distant beach , follow the faint rapport of gunfire , a palm tree fall over . penelope I be really happy right now . be you ? bloom right now I be . she kiss he and run off along the cliff side , sing the smuggler song . bloom ( cont would ) penelope ... but she 's too far away now , and the ocean be too loud . she can not hear he , and he can not hear she , and in another moment she have vanish into the green brush and white flower . behind Bloom 's pain face , the sun dip towards the beach . 165 int . beach house - night 165 Stephen pack for tomorrow , Bloom stare out the black window , drink . flower in he lapel . Stephen pick up the con flowchart . stephen the last box in we last con . let they begin the beguine . how 's it feel ? bloom she 's something special , Stephen . stephen uh huh . bloom can I ... he stare at he drink . 90 165 continued : 165 bloom ( cont would ) can I just have a little more time ? just a few day . I want to keep she , like this , I do not want this to just end . do not make I do this . stephen be angry at I , you son of a bitch . do not be pathetic . make you ? Jesus . I tell you not to fall for she - bloom I be not gonna do this . Stephen come very close to Bloom 's face , look he straight in the eye . find he answer . stephen I do not believe you . he go back to pack . 166 ext . tampico HOTEL ground - night 166 Bloom stand , the beach behind he , the glow light of the hotel before he . grow determination . 167 ext . HOTEL hallway - night 167 Bloom knock on a door . penelope answer , in she bathrobe . penelope hey . bloom I know what I have gotta do . I have gotta talk to you . be you wear shoe ? penelope what 's up ? he pull she out of the room . 168 int . tampico HOTEL ground - night 168 Bloom pull penelope by the hand , but she stop . 91 168 continued : 168 penelope Bloom . what ? deep breath . bloom my brother and I be con man . all thing consider , we might be the most respected con man team work today . and everything since you hit I with you lamborghini , all of this , it 's all fake . it 's all a con . 169 ext . beach - night 169 the wave break angrily on the beach . in the distance , Stephen finish he drink on the beach house porch , go inside and turn out the light . 170 ext . tampico HOTEL ground - night 170 bloom no , we be go to blow you off tomorrow use the cackle bladder , it 's a , term , we have actor play the Argentina guy 's man , when we show up the deal would go bad , they would open fire on we , Stephen and I would pretend to be shot use blood packet , squib . that 's - cackle bladder , in the old day they put fake blood in chicken bladder , so ... so you would escape with the chink , she would send you off with a little travel money and that would be that . penelope wow . bloom but that 's not how this one 's go to end . I love you now , and I want to get you out of this . I be go to do what I have to do to get you out of this , away from all this for good . be you ready ? 92 171 ext . beach - night 171 Bloom lead penelope down the beach by the hand . bloom Stephen 's go into town to prep the Argentina actor . you money 's at he place . penelope money ? I do not want the money , let 's just leave . for a moment he 's tempt . the dark beach house loom ahead . bloom c'mon . 172 int . beach house - night 172 Dark . Bloom lead penelope in , stumble in the dark , switch on a lamp . click , click - it do not come on . stephen ( o.s. ) you have to switch it on at the base . a beat . Bloom do . Stephen sit in a easy chair , not look happy . but not angry . much more sad than angry . bloom so I have tell she we whole play . and I be here . to take she money back . how 's that make you feel ? stephen disappointed . bloom this be not the end you want ? stephen it do not matter now . this be the way it end . so let 's get it over with . bloom where 's the money ? 93 172 continued : 172 stephen I eat it . bloom give I the money , Stephen . stephen no . penelope I do not want the money . bloom he 's not go to keep a single piece of you . Stephen stand . stephen I be sorry you fall in love with she . but she 's a mark . and all of this , all of it be a con . every moment you share with she , you be just play the part of a man fall in love . that 's what you be afraid of , right ? that you do not know the difference ? or maybe that there be no difference . that that 's what love be . penelope we be leave . stephen ( to Bloom ) no . you be too scared to leave . you be scared to ride off into a sunset that be not paint tarpaulin , cause real sunset be beautiful but they turn into dark uncertain night . if you be ready for that , you would not be here . the money be in my bedroom . right behind I . but in my story you do not get the money or the sunset or the girl . a long beat . the dark bedroom doorway loom behind Stephen . penelope Bloom . let 's just go . please . 94 172 continued : ( 2 ) 172 Bloom lunge , crack Stephen in the jaw . Stephen go down , Bloom leap past he - but Stephen grab Bloom 's leg and bring he down . then they be fight . penelope watch , horrify . a frightening , brutal brawl that tear the small beach house apart , thirty year worth of a fight . until Stephen throw Bloom to the ground at penelope 's foot . upsetting a small table . the chink 's pistol , lie on the holey paper target , fall and strike the ground . and go off with a deafen rapport . blood spread just beneath Stephen 's collarbone . penelope scream . Stephen stay stand for a moment , shocked . a dribble of blood out of the corner of he mouth . he half grin . stephen tastes like tin foil . and sink to the ground . Bloom 's eye glaze . he crawl to he brother . take he in he arm . bloom I be sorry . penelope watch the brother hold each other . tear in she eye , but she back away a step , very conscious of not be a part of this moment . Bloom look up at she , almost take a moment to recognize she . penelope Bloom ... he do not move from he brother . penelope ( cont would ) I be sorry . she leave . 95 172 continued : ( 3 ) 172 for a long moment the Brothers Bloom lie in each other 's arm in the middle of the break room . then Bloom stand , go to the window and watch penelope walk off into the distance down the beach . from the darken bedroom doorway step the chink , she face a mask . Stephen stand . lift he shirt and remove the squib and blood packet . Bloom step outside . 173 ext . beach house - night 173 a wood patio with step lead down to the sand . Bloom watch penelope , now very distant , almost go . Stephen come out , pull out a flask . stephen hey. ( nothing ) I think that be the most honest conversation we have ever have . ( more nothing ) you actually connect on a few of that punch . bloom do you expect I to do it ? to come here tonight , end it the way you write it ? or be you really disappointed I do not run off with she ? stephen I be disappointed . but I be not surprised . Bloom turn and slug he in the jaw . Stephen fall to the sand . bloom I let you do you monologue , but you wanna know why I do it ? I do it so she would never want to see I again . to get she away from all this for good . 96 173 continued : 173 without look back Bloom walk off down the beach , in the opposite direction of penelope , leave Stephen bleed in the sand , alone in the dark uncertain night . fade out . title card - 3 month later . 174 ext . ludicrous mansion - day 174 penelope 's home , bucolic on a lazy spring day . at a picnic table at the far edge of the front lawn , penelope sit write with intense concentration on a piece of paper . after awhile she raise she head , regard what she 's write thoughtfully . fold it up , put it in she pocket . click the seemingly innocent ballpoint pen . beep . the mansion explode , completely . she walk away without look back . after a beat , the plaster deer explode in a ridiculous fireball . 175 ext . italian countryside - day 175 Green hill surround the wall medieval city of ferentino . a tiny white car inch its way across the countryside , and up into the city . 176 ext . ferentino apartment - day 176 Bloom walk up the stone alley to he apartment , a bag of grocery in hand . he spot the white car park out front . loud shouting in italian grow louder , until penelope and the grandmother burst out the front door . berate each other with italian curse and hand gesture . penelope see Bloom , and freeze . penelope hello . 97 176 continued : 176 bloom hey . the grandmother keep up she barrage as she take the grocery from Bloom , but as soon as she 's behind penelope 's back she give Bloom a wink , point to she and give a thumb - up of approval . 177 ext . ferentino street - day 177 Bloom and penelope wander the twisty alleyway of the city . bloom how do you find I ? penelope the chink . bloom how do you find the chink ? penelope she give I she cell when we get to Mexico . bloom I do not even know she have one . penelope I think she 's kind of selective in who she give the number to . 178 ext . ferentino cafe - later 178 they sit with wine and bread . bloom why be you here , penelope ? penelope why do you decide to stay with you brother instead of come with I in Mexico ? bloom everything Stephen say that night be true . 98 178 continued : 178 penelope I have be do a lot of think the past three month . I want you to consider something . she take a piece of paper from she pocket , unfold it and slide it across the table to he . on it , write over and over in a dozen different stylize font , be " penelope the con artist . " Bloom set the paper down with a snap . bloom go away . everything Stephen say be true . I be just play you as a mark . everything between we , none of it be real . she lean in close to he , she hand on he leg . penelope I do not believe you . it 's obvious even before she kiss he that she 's right . 179 ext . ferentino street - day 179 Bloom dial a pay phone . he 's be cry . it ring . bloom pick up ... c' mon ... 180 int . monte carlo casino - continuous 180 lush , edwardian . in a private room , a card table be overturn . Stephen lie on the ground in a defensive posture , a ravishing woman in red lung at he with a curve dagger . a beard man with a eyepatch hold she back by the wrist , while a monocled man in a antique wheelchair hold he tear stain face in he hand . this whole scene be freeze like a tableau , as Stephen 's cell phone chirp away . annoy , the bearded man give he a `go ahead ' nod . Stephen hastily answer it . 99 180 continued : 180 stephen hello ? 181 ext . ferentino street - continuous 181 bloom how quickly can you get to ferentino ? stephen ( on phone ) uh ... nine-ish ? Bloom fish out he pocket watch . bloom alright . click . as he 's put he pocket watch back , he find the stack of green rubber band money in he breast pocket . 182 int . ferentino apartment - night 182 penelope play card with the grandmother . 183 ext . ferentino apartment - night 183 Stephen and Bloom sit on the little landing outside the apartment . stephen so she come back want to work with we . honestly ? I think we would be lucky to have she . if you call I to hear my opinion on the matter . which I be get the feel you do not . bloom I do what I do in Mexico to get she out of all this . I would rather die than bring she into the con . stephen so maybe you want to tell I what I be do in ferentino . 100 183 continued : 183 bloom you know she would come back . what do you figure she be good for , another million ? stephen one point seven five . bloom we will play she again , one last con , but not for money . I be gonna tell you how this one 's gonna end . you build we into this , you be gonna fly we out , end it so she 's do with all of we . end it all so it can not start up again . stephen you want I to plan a con whose sole purpose be to blow she off for good ? bloom I love she . you owe I this . I do not want to turn she into I . 184 int . ferentino apartment - night 184 penelope sleep on a cot against the window . Bloom enter wearily . sit in a chair . watch she . in the next room over , Stephen sit in the dark . shuffle card . a lovely tune sung in mandarin chinese play over this , seguee we into ... 185 int . karaoke bar - night 185 on a television screen , image of the shanghai skyline . title card - shanghai a wall of monitor , which the chink step in front of , sing the climax of the song . beautiful and sad . as the song end , she see through the spotlight penelope , Bloom and Stephen at a table . penelope wave . 101 185 continued : 185 the chink 's face betray just the slight hint of disappointment . 186 int . karaoke bar private booth - later 186 the four sit with drink . penelope so what 's the next job ? stephen before we do the next job , we need to liquidate we asset from the last job . penelope but you have get - stephen you money from the last job , well that 's profit , not capital , the three of we have already split it up . so step one : sell the book of hour . penelope I think it be fake . stephen with all you random expertise we could not risk a flat out fake . it be not worth two point five million , we could maybe catch four hundred grand for it , but it 's real . who would we buy it from ? bloom minskie . stephen perfect , we will sell it right back to he . the chink hand he a piece of paper . stephen ( cont would ) if he be not dead . bloom well there 's demarco or boyer . or roche , if we want to go state-side . 102 186 continued : 186 stephen all traceable . with minskie out we would have to go deep black market if we want to be a hundred percent clear . there 's only one place that 's deep enough for that . Bloom and the chink know exactly what he 's talk about , and they do not look happy . penelope where ? 187 int . karaoke bar back room - later 187 bloom Russia . it 's like `cancer ' , I do not even like say the word . Bloom , Stephen and the chink drink in a cramped little concrete room adjacent to the bar 's kitchen . stephen we be obviously not go to deal with real Russians . they will be we guy in a phony set up , they will take we phony book and give she phony cash , a close loop . safe and simple . Bloom look to the chink for a opinion . get a blank face . stephen ( cont would ) so . we go to St. Petersburg . at the mention of St. Petersburg Bloom look sharply at Stephen , but Stephen press on . stephen ( cont would ) she do the hand - off with we fake " Russians . " but while we be drive out of town , everything go bad . he lay a simple flowchart , draw on a napkin - three box . he point to the first , " penelope sell book to ` Russians ' " 103 187 continued : 187 stephen ( cont would ) we discover we be sell a counterfeit book in the first place , which we have now sell to Russian smuggler . we discover this when the Russian mob start take we out one by one . oh shit . he point to the second box , " Red Dawn . " stephen ( cont would ) first they ambush we car , destroy the money . then they take I out , then the chink , and finally you Bloom , in a heroic death that allow penelope to barely escape with she life . devastate but reborn with the knowledge that you love she so much you die so she could live , she drive off into a romantic life of adventure and peril , on the run from imaginary Russians . he point to the third box , " the end . " stephen ( cont would ) what do you think ? CUT to : 188 ext . ST . petersburg - sunset 188 the blood red sun set over the city . 189 int . ST . petersburg HOTEL room - night 189 penelope snore on the bed , while we intrepid three unpack . the phone ring . Stephen answer it , listen , hang up . stephen we " Russians " have arrive . 190 int . elevator - night 190 Stephen , Bloom and the chink ride down to the lobby with a red suitcase . 104 190 continued : 190 bloom who would you get , anyway ? stephen hm ? bloom to play the " Russians ? " ding . the elevator door open , revealing the diamond Dog . diamond dog my boy . 191 int . HOTEL bar - later 191 empty . the Dog lean against the bar with several lackey , wait patiently , make spark with he gold lighter . sound of shouting come from the adjoin dining area . 192 int . HOTEL dine room 192 bloom I do not understand . tell I so I understand . Three month ago you be ready to blind the old bastard - stephen we need someone who can pass for the Russian mob to buy we fake book . the Dog 's get he big store right here in St. Petersburg . bloom alright , fuckin stop . you want this to finish in St. Petersburg , you want this to end with the Dog for some what thematic something ? Fine but do not tell it like a story , let 's say it . twenty three year ago and I can still smell , that blood red apartment of he , the smell of that place . I hate he Stephen but this be not that , this be I do not trust he . 105 192 continued : 192 stephen what 's he gonna do ? steal we fake money ? ( beat ) I have think this one out , believe I . and we can not end it without he . trust I . it 's gonna be ok . 193 int . HOTEL bar - later 193 the red leather suitcase on the bar . diamond dog Stephen , still the grand architect with you symbol . Red for temptation , white for salvation . the Dog open it , revealing US hundred . examine it with a loupe . diamond dog ( cont would ) impressive , boy . bloom it 's trash . there 's visible cross hatching in Franklin 's eye . sure enough - obvious jag misprint cut into Ben Franklin 's eye on the bill . diamond dog hm . I will be damned . ( close case ) ruskies would not be catch dead hand over a rag bag like this , it should be a steel attache . stephen this will do . we will do the drop off at you store . make it scary , think a movie version of the Russian mafia , but do not hassle she . diamond dog alright . the Dog close the case , and for a moment Bloom 's eye rest on he bandage hand . he then take the case and quickly move off with he crew . 106 193 continued : 193 diamond dog ( cont would ) I look forward to meeting the lady . take care , boy . leave he gold lighter on the bar . 194 int . HOTEL car port - night 194 the chink lead Stephen and Bloom around the brown peugeot . stephen so. we fake Russian attack . one small charge will simulate a bullet hit , and blow out the back window . the chink point with a extendable pointer to a small nub on the rear windshield . stephen ( cont would ) so that one bang , then we roll off the road . once we get clear of the car the chink set off the final charge , incinerate the car and the money in the trunk . this will all happen exactly twenty second after we cross the main bridge out of town . after the bridge . Stephen make a note in a manila envelope , tuck it in he jacket . bloom ok . 195 int . HOTEL hallway - later 195 Bloom and the chink walk back to they room . the chink be expressionless . bloom you have be awful quiet . she do not react . bloom ( cont would ) I be do this for she . but a door click shut , and Bloom be alone in the hall . 107 196 int . penelope's HOTEL room 196 penelope in bed . her door crack open , and she sleepily look up . Bloom stand silhouett in the doorway . penelope tomorrow it all start . she lift the sheet . he get into bed , and as she drift into peaceful slumber Bloom be very conscious of hold she for the last time . when she snore begin , he have ear plug ready . 197 ext . ST . petersburg - sunrise 197 the peugeot drive into the heart of the city . 198 ext . ST . petersburg alley - day 198 Bloom , Stephen and the chink park in a alley , watch a doorway across the street with a pair of binocular . Bloom breathes uneasily , check he watch . bloom she give the Dog the book , he give she the fake money . this be take too long . just then penelope trot out . Metal attache case in hand . 199 ext . russia highway - morning 199 on the outskirt of town , park beside a murky little lake . we heroes gather around the metal attache case on the hood . penelope he hassle I . take forever look the book over , haggle the price . want to pay I in ruble . Stephen smirk , then open it . the money 's there . stephen alright . let 's get the hell out of Russia . 108 199 continued : 199 Bloom pull the Dog 's gold lighter from he pocket , take one last glance at St. Petersburg and toss it down into the lake . 200 ext . ST . petersburg highway - morning 200 the brown peugeot drive towards the climb sun . 201 int . peugeot 201 the chink drive , Stephen ride shotgun . Bloom and penelope in the back seat . he look weary . he see the bridge approach , maybe a half mile ahead . she pull he head down into she lap , finger in he hair . he breathes , close he eye . a explosion shatter the front passenger window . Bloom 's eye snap open , he bolt upright . the bridge be still a quarter mile away . in the next moment the car become a din of break glass , scream , tire screeching . 202 ext . ST . petersburg highway 202 a black mercede roar out on to the road , machine gun fire blaze from its window , literally shredd the peugeot . the car spin , tire flap , and hit a highway embankment full speed , launching into the air . 203 int . peugeot 203 a moment of strange silence as the car flip mid-air . the brother lock eye for a split second . 204 ext . forest beside ST . petersburg highway 204 the car slam into the steep grassy embankment , manage to flip upright , and roll into a thick forest , come to a abrupt stop against a stout tree . 109 204 continued : 204 stephen out ! they all four dive out of the car , Bloom shove penelope , tumble into the thick forest a instant before the car become a roiling ball of flame . Bloom lie shell - shocked , he vision blurry . he vaguely see penelope pass out beside he , Stephen on the other side of the car . a dark figure come trot into the wood , shine a flashlight on the char car . go to Stephen . reaches down to he ... Bloom 's mind flutter away into darkness . 205 int . forest - day 205 Bloom wake . rain splattering . slump against a tree . penelope hunch over he . bloom what happen ? penelope be you alright ? bloom what happen ? penelope yeungle go to get another car . bloom where 's Stephen ? penelope we do not know . he be go . Bloom stand shakily , go to the char car . run he finger over the dozen of bullet hole . go to where Stephen fall . lying in the grass , a manila envelope . penelope ( cont would ) we be go to find he . if he escape , he will contact we . if they have get he , it 's for ransom . 110 205 continued : 205 bloom who 's get he ? penelope the Russians . the chink pull up in the green bug , headlight catch Bloom 's face against the dark forest depth . 206 ext . parking lot - day 206 a desolate gas station parking lot . Bloom sit in the bug , load he revolver with shaky finger . penelope stand outside . bloom Stephen , god please what 's happen . I do not know what to do . I do not know Stephen please . please . what 's happen . please . a long black sedan screech to a halt in the parking lot outside the window , Bloom bolt out of the car , pistol ready . but the chink climb out of the black sedan . penelope where do she get all this car ? Bloom motion for penelope to stay back , then go to meet the chink in the middle of the parking lot . bloom if you know what 's happen , now would be a really good time to speak up . she set a suitcase down beside she . Bloom take this in . bloom ( cont would ) no , please . not now . I need you help here now , I do not know what to do . the slight smile communicate all the compassion in the world . but she 's leave . she hand he a small slip of paper , they finger touch for a instant . 111 206 continued : 206 she give penelope a quick little " call I " gesture , pick up she case and walk off . a truck block we view of she car pull away , and she get in . Bloom look down at the slip of paper . a short phrase , in chinese . bloom ( cont would ) thanks . the engine turn over , and the chink 's car explode in a dramatic fireball . the paper flutter out of bloom 's finger a moment before he and penelope be throw to the pavement by the shock wave . Bloom and penelope lift they head , absorb what just happen . 207 ext . chicago - day 207 a busy street , which a title card identify as " Chicago , Illinois . " on the corner , a unassume chinese restaurant . 208 int . chinese restaurant - day 208 a dive . the chef on the phone . chef ah , ah yes , Mr. Bloom . yes , ok . all the cook blooooom ! he put the phone down and go to the fax machine , which be spitting out a facsimile of the chink 's slip of paper . 209 int . ST . petersburg copy shop - early morning 209 Bloom on a pay phone , scribbling on a piece of paper . 112 209 continued : 209 bloom uh huh . asshole . ok . um , ok . so I have get " we be all asshole in we own theatrical enterprise . " you sure ? this phrase , write on Bloom 's paper . chef and then it end with " Goodbye shit head . " bloom shit head ? chef but it be different meaning in mandarin , uh , endear . " shit head " if you have affection for shit . 210 ext . sidewalk - moment later 210 the bug park nearby . penelope sit on the curb , cry . Bloom sit next to she . penelope what do it mean ? bloom I do not know . penelope what do it say ? bloom " we be all of we mark in we own con . " and she say goodbye . penelope I still can not believe it . bloom that the chink fall for a car bomb ? neither can i. penelope ( hopeful ) what ? oh , oh god do you think she fake it ? so the Russians would think she be dead ? 113 210 continued : 210 Bloom stand , pace away . he leaf limply through the manila folder - address , picture , information ... a paper with the Dog 's photo clipped to it . a address in St. Petersburg . the napkin Stephen write the con flowchart on . the third box - " the end . " penelope ( cont would ) what do we do now ? scrawle on the inside of the manila envelope - " a unwritten life . " Bloom 's face clear . he wipe he eye . bloom ok . Bloom go to the bug. penelope where be you go ? bloom this be not Russians . this be do by a old mentor of ours who want we off the map . he have a apartment in St. Petersburg . so this be , yeah . I have gotta go back to that apartment to face the Dog and get my brother back . that 's how I be gonna end this . penelope 's eye gleam . she jump up to the passenger door , and Bloom stop she with a weary look . penelope we can skip the whole you - send - I -nobly - away - and - me-refuse - to - leave - your-side -thing . bloom thank Christ . 211 ext . ST . petersburg STREET - late morning 211 a narrow alley between tall apartment . Bloom park , pull he gun and check it . 114 211 continued : 211 bloom if there be shot you run to the car and drive , with or without I . 212 int . apartment entryway - day 212 a badly light apartment hallway . Bloom approach a door , penelope behind he . his breathe become hard . his face contort . he crumple next to the door . penelope what 's in there ? tell I who this guy be . Bloom 's breathe steady . bloom he 's just a old man . he try the knob . it open . 213 int . diamond dog's apartment - D 213 blood red wall . Dark , neglect and to all appearance empty . Bloom creep down the darken corridor , gun outstretch . breathes through he nose , choke . bloom Dog ! I come back . he kick open a door , revealing a large live space . empty . he lower he gun , switch on the light . penelope enter . sniff the air . penelope moth ball . Bloom almost laugh . bloom be that what that smell be ? bam ! a closet door smack open , revealing the business end of a double barrel shotgun . 115 213 continued : 213 Bloom spin , gun draw . penelope scream . then a moment of stillness . the shotgun barrel quiver . it 's hold by the 11 year old boy Bloom see in the Dog 's mercede in Prague . malnourish and scared . penelope approach he slowly . penelope ( in Russian ) it 's okay . honey , it 's alright . the shotgun sink to the ground . penelope stroke he hair back from he face . Bloom lower the gun , tremble . bloom ask he if anyone else be here . she do . boy nyet . bloom ask he where the diamond Dog be . penelope diamond Dog ? ( in Russian ) where be the diamond Dog ? boy ( in English ) the Dog of diamond be go . Bloom do a quick search of the rest of the room . as he do penelope ask the boy one more question in Russian , and get a quick answer . bloom get the car start . penelope what about he ? bloom it 's alright . 116 213 continued : ( 2 ) 213 she believe he , and go . Bloom kneel in front of the boy . bloom ( cont would ) you do not need to be afraid of he anymore . or angry at he . or ever come back here again . he do not concern you anymore . understand ? it 's gonna be ok . the boy nod . Bloom hand he the stack of bill wrap in the green rubber band . the boy snatch it and run off . 214 ext . ST . petersburg STREET - day 214 Bloom trot out of the apartment building , and see two thing : penelope work the vw 's starter , and a black mercede speed down the narrow street towards she . he sprint towards she , scream bloom get out ! get out of the car !! she see the approach merc , too late , and duck down . a hand hurl something from the darken window . it smashes through the bug 's passenger side window , shower penelope with glass . the mercede roar off down the street . Bloom reach the bug and throw the door open . penelope lie cover in safety glass , hold a Russian nest doll . 215 int . bug - later 215 the seven progressively smaller doll lie open on the back seat , Bloom hold the two halve of the final tiny doll , and penelope hold a note . penelope it 's a ransom note . it say they have Stephen , it say they want the money wire to a specific account , they give a bank to do it at and a manager to ask for . ( more ) 117 215 continued : 215 penelope ( cont would ) then a address to come to , at two p.m . in two hour . bloom I will wire the money from my account , and we will go get Stephen . penelope it 's a lot . bloom how much ? penelope I will do it , I want to , I have get plenty - bloom how much be they ask for ? penelope one point seven five million . a cold pit open in Bloom 's stomach . bloom oh. oh oh . no no no . he punch the dashboard . bloom ( cont would ) no I will kill he . I will kill he if that 's what this be , if that 's all that this be , no no no . penelope what be you talk about ? bloom there 's another possibility that I should of , I be a fuck idiot . this might all be a con . by my brother . to get I - oh god - he want I to face the Dog , to end it , and he get you money . oh god . I be go to be sick . penelope would he do that ? to you ? bloom I do not know . yes . yes of course he would . ( more ) 118 215 continued : ( 2 ) 215 bloom ( cont would ) to tell a story so well it become real . the perfect con . that 's he whole , goddammit , that 's what . penelope but you do not know . let 's transfer the money . you do not know . bloom Son of a bitch . penelope you do not know . this be you brother 's life . I be gonna wire the money . 216 ext . ST . petersburg bank - day 216 Bloom sit in the car , alone . he punch the dashboard again , helpless enraged and scared . penelope get in , look at the address on the note . penelope ok . 217 ext . burned out theater - day 217 penelope and Bloom sit in the car , park in front of the impressive facade of a close , burn out old theater . the clock on the dashboard read 1:50 . bloom I be so scared . anything I can imagine find in there , I be scared of . penelope I be go to be here when you come out . she kiss he . he put he hand on the door . hesitates . then go . walk up the stair to the inky maw of the theater door . go in alone . 119 218 int . theater lobby 218 no light . moldy dust . a genuinely creepy place . Bloom step lightly , deeper into the theater . bloom Stephen ! 219 int . theater auditorium 219 a few light flicker on the wall , fitfully illuminate the break dusty seat and bare ruin stage . Bloom walk down the aisle , try to keep he voice steady . bloom Stephen ! a spotlight snap on from the mezzanine , right in Bloom 's face . he spin , trap in its glare . a guttural command be shout in what might be Russian . when Bloom do not respond , the spot silently advance a few foot ahead of he towards the stage . Bloom gingerly follow it , up onto the splinter stage and finally rest on a split in the tarpaulin backdrop . with a wary glance back , Bloom step through it . 220 int . theater backstage 220 giant fossil of antique stage scenery . Utility light high above , cut by scaffold , patch everything in dim jag form of light and black . bloom ( unsteady ) Stephen . game 's up . come on out . let 's blow this one hat town . silence . then a harsh utility lamp snap on , cruelly lighting Stephen 's face . shockingly bruise and batter , old and new blood . Bloom cry and rush towards he ... 120 220 continued : 220 stephen no ! no Bloom , freeze . he obey . Stephen be tie to a chair . a dark figure behind he hold the lamp with a black glove hand . bloom Stephen , who be it ? be it the Dog ? stephen do penelope wire the money ? bloom yeah . stephen they be call to check right now . do not move . I be alright . the dark figure 's cell phone ring , he hold it to he ear for a moment then flip it close . something happen in the blackness , and Stephen shakily stand , cut loose . stephen ( cont would ) stay where you be , Bloom . I be come to you . he take a couple wobbly step . behind he , Bloom see the dark figure raise he gun towards Stephen 's back , pull the hammer ... and the utility lamp switch off . bloom no ! Bloom 's revolver pop out of he sleeve and he 's fire into the blackness . Stephen drop flat to the ground . the fiery rapport of a big pistol flash from the blackness , strobing the scene like stage lightning . Bloom reload behind the cover of a heavy flat , but Stephen lie on he stomach out in the open . bloom ( cont would ) Stephen ! 121 220 continued : ( 2 ) 220 stephen stay back ! but Bloom make a dash for he brother , out into the open , unload three more round into the dark . the dark figure return fire on Bloom , who be sprinting full on he foot in a large pool of light . a sit duck . Stephen launch himself up , tackle Bloom backwards . just before they fall behind the safety of the flat , a red burst of blood flower from Stephen 's leave lower back . Bloom set he down gently , and hear heavy footstep behind he . he turn , fire , but only see a blur of dark coat go by , through the tear backdrop . Bloom run out on stage , tear the tarpaulin , and fire after the dark figure limping up the aisle and away into the lobby . silence . Bloom walk back to Stephen , who lie behind the flat , breathe heavy . blood soaking through he shirt . bloom please tell I this be all gonna be ok . tell I that 's a squib , and that 's makeup , and that you just give I what I always want and pull off the perfect con . a long , long moment . Stephen cough , spit . then a wry grin spread across he face . stephen you say it , not I . he stand , the shakiness go . stephen ( cont would ) can I get a ` wow ' for this one ? bloom you son of a bitch . 122 220 continued : ( 3 ) 220 Bloom look like he might hit he , but he face break and he embrace he , cry . the Brothers Bloom stay like that for a long while , hold each other in the spotlight 's glow . finally Stephen pull away , tear in he eye . he wipe they , wipe blood from he lip . stephen tastes like tin foil . alright here 's what I want you to do . the chink split ? bloom yeah . clean exit . stephen how ? bloom car bomb . a hint of relief in Stephen 's face . stephen good . here 's what . take penelope back to Helsinki , take that flight to Rio . Lay low like we say . play out the on-the-run-from - vengeful - Russians thing , that will be fun for she . play it like I be dead , actually - that will add some gravity to everything , that will be nice . and I will see you when I see you . bloom soon ? stephen I hope not . last thing you need be I hang around . anyway , how could I top this ? Bloom hug he again . bloom I love you . bye . he turn to go . stephen hey . think of any card . 123 220 continued : ( 4 ) 220 Stephen pull out a pack of card . bloom alright . Stephen cut , to the Queen of heart . bloom ( cont would ) Stephen . that 's it . ( grin ) that 's the best card trick I have ever see . I just wish you have a bigger audience . stephen you be the only audience I have ever need . wink . Bloom leave . Stephen watch he go . 221 ext . russia highway - late afternoon 221 rumbling towards Finland . in the bug , Bloom sleep in penelope 's arm while she drive . she look at he hand on hers , he shirt cuff bright red with Stephen 's " blood . " she stroke he shoulder sadly . off Bloom 's sleep face ... 222 int . theater stage 222 Stephen pull a chair out onto the stage , set it right in the spotlight 's glare . tremble as if it take all he last strength in the world . sits. look at the Queen of heart , move he finger over it . then slide be up he sleeve . blood trickle down he hand . 124 223 int . bug - sunset 223 Bloom wake with a start . penelope hey . hey , it 's ok . the bridge be come up , we be almost at the border . be you dream about Stephen ? she stroke he hair back from he face . he nod , and look down at he sleeve . Stephen 's " blood " on he white cuff . now a dark shade of brown . Bloom look at this shirt . all the blood , it 's all brown . he look up at the road , nearly panicked . maybe a quarter mile ahead be the bridge . bloom pull over . pull over !! 224 ext . roadside - sunset 224 she do . he burst out of the car , and run / tumble down the grassy hillside till he find the car track . he follow they to the char remain of the peugeot . penelope stumble down after he . penelope what be it ? you be scare I - bloom what do you ask the Russian kid , in the Dog 's apartment ? he say the Dog be not here , then what do you ask ? Bloom kick open the trunk . pries open the blister attache case . 125 224 continued : 224 sift through the char pile of cinder that be the money from the " Russians " till he find what he be look for and bring it out into the die light . penelope how long have he be alone . bloom and what do he say ? a scrap of unburn money . a fragment of Ben Franklin 's face . penelope since yesterday morning . a single eye gaze up at he , the green grass behind it . the eye be perfect . no cross hatching . Bloom sink to he knee . bloom this be real . they hassle you . penelope Bloom - bloom the Dog be go before we get there . they have not clear out of they apartment , they have be clear out . 225 int . diamond dog's apartment - day flashback 225 russian in black overcoat burst in , shoot the Dog 's man with silence pistol . the boy shut himself in the closet , terrify . 226 ext . roadside - sunset 226 bloom Real Russians . take he store . they do not know about he deal with we , but you haggle with they . you really sell the book to real Russians . the diamond Dog be go . 126 227 ext . russia highway - flashback 227 the scene beside the lake , we four heroes check the money in the attache case . stephen let 's get the hell out of Russia . Bloom toss the gold lighter , it splashes into the lake . we follow it , plunging beneath the surface . deep deep down , among weak tendril of light , the diamond Dog sink into watery blackness , a long blade in he neck . 228 ext . roadside - sunset 228 bloom and they come after we . and Stephen ... penelope hold he tight . penelope I know . bloom Stephen save my life . penelope I know . bloom he 's go . Bloom fold into penelope 's arm , but she do not let he . she hold he cry face up . penelope and he do it so you could live . you brother love you . he love you so much . look at I . Stephen say something once , I get the feel he would rather be tell it to you . he say there 's no such thing as a unwritten life . just badly write one . I love you . ( more ) 127 228 continued : 228 penelope ( cont would ) we be gonna outrun this bastard Russian mafia , and we be gonna hide out in Rio , then we be gonna live like we be tell the best fuck story in the world . be you ready ? she hold he face close to hers for a long beat . then smile and push away , launching up the grassy hill . Bloom watch she . time slow as she turn back towards he , still run , and hold out she hand for he to follow . bloom ( v.o. ) I be think of something Stephen say too . " the perfect con be one where everyone involved get just the thing they want . " well . he take the girl 's hand , and run with she towards the point of light break over the hill . 229 ext . highway - sunset 229 sunset with she wine - red finger fall over the road ahead . the rumbly old vw chug away from we , towards the horizon . the end