fade in -- title : for nearly forty year this story have give faithful service to the Young in heart ; and time have be powerless to put its kindly philosophy out of fashion . to that of you who have be faithful to it in return ... and to the Young in heart --- we dedicate this picture . fade out : ms -- dorothy stoops down to toto -- speak to he -- then run down road to b.g. -- toto follow -- dorothy she be not come yet , toto . do she hurt you ? she try to , do not she ? come on - - we will go tell uncle Henry and auntie em . come on , toto . ls -- farm yard -- dorothy enter leave b.g. along road -- toto follow she -- camera pan right -- she come forward through gate -- run forward to aunt em and uncle Henry work at incubator -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) aunt em ! aunt em ! ms -- aunt em and uncle Henry work with baby chick in incubator -- dorothy run in -- speak to they -- dorothy pick up baby chick -- camera truck back as aunt em and dorothy come forward -- aunt em put chick in coop with hen -- then truck forward as they go to b.g. to incubator -- dorothy react -- uncle Henry look at she -- camera pan she to leave across yard -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) aunt em ! aunt em fifty -seven , fifty - eight -- dorothy just listen to what miss gulch do to toto ! she -- aunt em dorothy , please ! we be try to count ! fifty-eight -- dorothy oh , but aunt em , she hit he over the -- ( continued ) 2 . continued : uncle henry do not bother we now , honey -- this old incubator 's go bad , and we be likely to lose a lot of we chick . dorothy oh -- oh , the poor little thing . oh , but aunt em , miss gulch hit toto right over the back with a rake just because she say he get in she garden and chase she nasty old cat every day . aunt em seventy -- dorothy , please ! dorothy oh , but he do not do it every day -- just once or twice a week . and he can not catch she old cat , anyway . and now she say she 's gonna get the sheriff , and -- aunt em dorothy ! dorothy ! we be busy ! dorothy oh -- all right . mcs - aunt em and uncle Henry take chick out of incubator - uncle henry poor little orphan , and she miss gulch trouble . gosh all hemlock - you know , she ought to have somebody to play with . aunt em I know , but we all get to work out we own problem , Henry . uncle henry yes . aunt em oh , I hope we get they in time . uncle henry yes . ml -- Zeke -- hunk and Hickory work on wagon -- Hickory and Zeke lowering bed of wagon into place -- zeke how 's she come ? ( continued ) 3 . continued : ( 2 ) hunk take it easy . cs -- hunk on ground -- get finger catch under wagon bed -- react -- hunk ( cont 'd ) ow ! you get my finger ! cs -- Zeke and Hickory hold wagon bed -- zeke well , why do not you get you finger out of the way ! ml -- Zeke and Hickory put wagon bed in place -- hunk sit on ground by wagon -- dorothy enter -- come forward to Zeke -- camera truck forward on they -- they speak -- Zeke exit leave f.g. -- hunk enter -- speak to dorothy -- Hickory exit right -- pan leave as hunk and dorothy go over by wagon -- they speak -- dorothy exit right -- hunk hit he finger with hammer -- whirl around -- hickory come on - come on - over this way . zeke okay . hickory there you be . hunk right on my finger ! zeke it 's a lucky thing it be not you head . dorothy Zeke , what be I go to do about miss gulch ? just because toto chase she old cat -- zeke listen , honey , I get they hog to get in . hunk now lookit , dorothy , you be not use you head about miss gulch . think you do not have any brain at all . dorothy I have so get brain . ( continued ) 4 . continued : ( 3 ) hunk well , why do not you use they ? when you come home , do not go by miss gulch 's place . then toto will not get in she garden , and you will not get in no trouble . see ? dorothy oh , hunk , you just will not listen , that 's all . hunk well , you head be not make of straw , you know . ml - int. barn - Hickory work on wind machine - straighten up - react - dorothy come forward - camera truck forward as Hickory go to she - he speak to she - turn motor of wind machine on - they watch it - oil spurt out into Hickory 's face - he react - dorothy exit leave - hickory oh ! oh , it feel like my joint be rusted . listen , dorothy , do not let hunk kid you about miss gulch . she 's just a poor sour- face old may that -- she be not get no heart leave . you know , you should have a little more heart yourself , and have pity on she . dorothy well , gee , I try and have a heart . hickory now look , here 's something that really have a heart . this be the best invention I ever invent . dorothy this ? hickory sure . it 's to break up wind , so we do not have no more dust storm . can you imagine what it will mean to this section of the country ? I will show you . it work perfectly now . here 's the principle . you see that fan -- that send up air current into the sky . this air current -- oh , stop it ! dorothy oh ! ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 4 ) hickory who do it ? now wait a minute . dorothy Hickory ! hickory now what happen ? I will bet hunk do that . ml -- Zeke drive pig into pen -- dorothy enter in b.g. walk along railing of pen -- Zeke go to b.g. -- camera truck forward -- Zeke pour feed into trough -- zeke say ! get in there before I make a dime bank out of you ! listen , kid , be you go to let that old gulch heifer try and buffalo you ? mcs -- Zeke poring feed into trough -- speak -- zeke ( cont 'd ) she be not nothing to be afraid of . have a little courage , that 's all . ml -- dorothy walk along railing between pig pen -- dorothy I be not afraid of she . mcs -- Zeke pick up another bucket of feed -- pour it into trough -- zeke then the next time she squawk , walk right up to she and spit in she eye . that 's what I would do ! ml -- dorothy on railing -- lose she balance -- fall into pig pen -- dorothy oh ! mcs -- Zeke react -- camera pan leave as he jump into pen -- take dorothy 's foot out of wire -- then pick she up -- camera pan right as he carry she out of pen -- put she down with hunk and Hickory -- Zeke jump out of pen -- sit down -- wipe he brow -- ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 5 ) dorothy ( cont 'd ) oh ! oh , Zeke ! help ! help I , Zeke ! get I out of here ! help ! hickory be you all right , dorothy ? dorothy yes , I be all right . oh -- I fall in and - - and Zeke -- mcs -- Zeke -- dorothy -- hunk and Hickory -- they all look at Zeke -- they laugh -- aunt em enter with plate of cruller -- camera truck forward on hunk -- aunt em and Hickory -- they speak -- hunk and Hickory each take cruller -- go to b.g. -- camera pull back as aunt em come forward to Zeke and dorothy -- she speak to Zeke -- camera truck forward as dorothy and aunt em walk to b.g. -- dorothy take cruller -- aunt em run to b.g. -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) why , Zeke , -- you be just as scared as I be ! hunk what 's the matter -- gonna let a little old pig make a coward out of you ? hickory look at you , Zeke -- you be just as white -- aunt em here , here , what 's all this jabber - wapping when there 's work to be do ? I know three shiftless farm hand that will be out of a job before they know it ! hickory well , dorothy be walk along the -- aunt em I see you tinkering with that contraption , Hickory . now , you and hunk get back to that wagon ! hickory all right , Mrs. gale . but some day they be go to erect a statue to I in this town , and -- ( continued ) 7 . continued : ( 6 ) aunt em well , do not start pose for it now . here , here -- can not work on a empty stomach . have some cruller . hunk gosh , Mrs. gale . aunt em just fry . hickory thanks . hunk swell . zeke you see , dorothy topple in with the big duroc ... aunt em it 's no place for dorothy about a pig sty ! now you go feed that hog before they worry themselves into anemia ! zeke yes 'am . dorothy auntie em , really -- you know what miss gulch say she be gonna do to toto ? she say she be gonna -- aunt em now , dorothy , dear , stop imagine thing . you always get yourself into a fret over nothing . dorothy no -- aunt em now , you just help we out today , and find yourself a place where you will not get into any trouble . mcu -- dorothy react -- speak -- dorothy some place where there be not any trouble . ( continued ) 8 . continued : ( 7 ) ms -- dorothy and toto -- she toss he a piece of the cruller -- toto eat it -- dorothy speak as she walk forward -- she sing -- lean against haystack -- then walk over near rake -- camera pan right -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) do you suppose there be such a place , toto ? there must be . it 's not a place you can get to by a boat or a train . it 's far , far away -- behind the moon -- beyond the rain -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) somewhere , over the rainbow , way up high , there 's a land that I hear of once in a lullaby . somewhere , over the rainbow , sky be blue , and the dream that you dare to dream really do .... cs -- toto by wheel of rake -- listen to song -- dorothy o.s. ( sing ) ... come true .... mcs -- dorothy sing -- swing on wheel of rake -- then walk forward around wheel -- toto jump up onto seat of rake -- dorothy pet he -- sit on front of rake -- camera pull back -- dorothy finish song -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) ... someday I will wish upon a star and wake up where the cloud be far behind I . where trouble melt like lemon drop , away above the chimney top , that 's where you will find I . somewhere , over the rainbow , bluebird fly . bird fly over the rainbow , why then - - oh , why can not I ? if happy little bluebird fly Beyond the rainbow why , oh , why can not I ? ls -- miss gulch ride along country road on bicycle -- camera pan to right with she -- ls -- miss gulch ride forward to front of gale 's home -- stop and get off she bicycle as uncle Henry come forward -- miss gulch Mr. gale ! uncle henry howdy , miss gulch . miss gulch I want to see you and you wife right away .... ( continued ) 9 . continued : ( 8 ) mcs -- uncle Henry and miss gulch at gate -- they speak -- uncle Henry let go of the gate -- it hit miss gulch -- she react -- exit leave -- uncle Henry put paint brush down -- start out leave -- miss gulch ( cont 'd ) ... about dorothy . uncle henry dorothy ? well , what have dorothy do ? miss gulch what 's she do ? I be all but lame from the bite on my leg ! uncle henry you mean she bit you ? miss gulch no , she dog ! uncle henry oh , she bit she dog , eh ? miss gulch no ! lap dissolve to : ls -- int. gale sitting room -- aunt em and miss gulch seat -- dorothy enter -- carry toto in she arm -- camera truck forward on they -- pan to right with dorothy to uncle Henry -- then pan she leave to aunt em and miss gulch -- miss gulch show order to aunt em -- uncle Henry enter -- look at the order -- miss gulch pick up basket -- rise -- dorothy scream at miss gulch -- miss gulch try to take toto away from dorothy -- uncle Henry take toto -- put he into basket -- miss gulch ( cont 'd ) that dog 's a menace to the community . I be take he to the sheriff and make sure he 's destroy . dorothy destroy ? toto ? oh , you can not ! you must not ! auntie em! uncle Henry ! you will not let she , will you ? uncle henry of course we will not . will we , em ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 9 ) dorothy please , aunt em , toto do not mean to . he do not know he be do anything wrong . I be the one that ought to be punish . I let he go in she garden . you can send I to bed without supper -- miss gulch if you do not hand over that dog , I will bring a damage suit that will take you whole farm ! there 's a law protect folk against dog that bite ! aunt em how would it be if she keep he tie up ? he 's really gentle -- with gentle people , that be . miss gulch well , that 's for the sheriff to decide . here 's he order allow I to take he . unless you want to go against the law . uncle henry uhh -- yeah -- aunt em now , we can not go against the law , dorothy . I be afraid poor toto will have to go . miss gulch now you be see reason . dorothy no -- miss gulch here 's what I be take he in -- so he can not attack I again . dorothy oh , no , no ! I will not let you take he ! you go away , you ....! oooh , I will bite you myself ! aunt em dorothy ! dorothy you wick old witch ! uncle Henry , auntie em , do not let them take toto ! do not let she take he -- please ! ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 10 ) miss gulch here ! I have get a order ! let I have ... dorothy stop she ! aunt em put he in the basket , Henry . miss gulch the idea ! dorothy oh , do not , uncle Henry . oh , toto ! do not ... mcu -- dorothy cry -- look o.s. to aunt em -- then to uncle Henry then turn and start out -- ms -- dorothy run out of the room -- aunt em rise -- look after dorothy -- then turn to miss gulch and uncle Henry -- aunt em speak to miss gulch -- camera truck forward -- aunt em exit leave -- uncle Henry sit in chair at right f.g. -- grin -- aunt em almira gulch , just because you own half the county do not mean you have the power to run the rest of we ! for twenty - three year , I have be die to tell you what I think of you ! and now -- well , be a Christian woman , I can not say it ! lap dissolve to : ms -- miss gulch riding bicycle to leave -- camera truck forward on basket on back of bicycle -- toto stick he head out -- look about -- then jump out -- ms -- toto jump to ground -- camera pan up as he run down road to b.g. -- ls -- miss gulch riding forward down dirt road on she bicycle -- she exit leave f.g. -- lap dissolve to : ms -- int. dorothy 's room -- dorothy sit on floor by bed - - cry -- toto jump in through window and onto bed -- camera truck forward as dorothy hug he -- react -- speak to he -- then take suitcase from under bed -- start pack it -- ( toto bark ) dorothy toto , darling ! oh , I get you back ! you come back ! oh , I be so glad ! toto ! ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 11 ) dorothy ( cont 'd ) oh , they will be come back for you in a minute . we have get to get away ! we have get to run away -- quick ! lap dissolve to : ms -- dorothy 's and toto 's footprint in dirt road -- camera pan up show they walk down road to b.g. -- dorothy carry suitcase and basket -- lap dissolve to : ls -- dorothy and toto walk to right across bridge -- ml - - dorothy and toto on bridge -- dorothy look down to f.g. -- toto run forward down path -- exit f.g. -- ml -- Camp -- lettering on wagon -- camera truck forward on wagon -- professor marvel acclaimed by the crowned head of europe let him in his read you past - present and future Crystal also juggling and sleight of Hand dorothy enter in f.g. -- read sign -- react to Professor hum o.s. -- ml -- Professor step down out of wagon -- see dorothy -- speak to she as he cross to fire at leave -- dorothy come forward -- professor well , well , well -- house guest , huh ? and who might you be ? no , no -- now do not tell I . mcs -- Professor sit by fire -- dorothy come forward -- they speak -- professor ( cont 'd ) let 's see -- you be -- you be travel in disguise . no , that 's not right . I -- you be -- you be go on a visit . no , I be wrong . that 's ... you be -- run away . dorothy how do you guess ? professor Professor Marvel never guess -- he know ! now , why be you run away ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : dorothy why -- professor no , no -- now do not tell I . they -- they do not understand you at home . they do not appreciate you . you want to see other land -- big city -- big mountain -- big ocean -- dorothy why , it 's just like you could read what be inside of I . ml -- Professor and dorothy by fire -- Professor roasting wiener on stick -- professor yes -- dorothy please , Professor , why can not we go along with you ? cs -- toto enter -- bite wiener off stick -- professor o.s. well , we -- uh -- dorothy o.s . oh , toto , that 's not .... mcs -- Professor and dorothy -- dorothy scold toto o.s. dorothy ( cont 'd ) ... polite ! we have not be ask yet . ml -- Professor and dorothy -- toto in front of they eat wiener -- Professor laugh and speak -- put another wiener on stick -- professor he 's perfectly welcome . as one dog to another , huh ? here now -- let 's see where be we ? mcs -- Professor and dorothy speak -- Professor put stick down at leave -- professor ( cont 'd ) oh , yes - you - you want to go home , huh ? dorothy oh , no , I want to go along with you . professor oh -- ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) dorothy nobody care about I at home . they would not even miss I . professor aw , come , come , come -- dorothy no , they will not - honestly . professor oh -- dorothy auntie em be even go to let they kill toto yesterday for bite miss gulch . oh , please , Professor , why can not we go with you and see all the crown head of Europe ? professor do you know any ? oh , you mean the thing - - yes , well , I -- I never do anything without consulting my crystal first . let 's .... ml -- Professor rise -- camera pan as he and dorothy cross to right to wagon -- professor ( cont 'd ) ... go inside here -- we will -- just come along . I will show you . there you be - right in there . ml -- int. wagon -- dorothy and Professor come in -- camera truck forward -- Professor move chair up for dorothy -- then light candle -- sit down -- put on turban -- speak to dorothy -- she close she eye -- he take she basket -- look through it -- take out a photograph -- professor ( cont 'd ) that 's right . here -- sit right down here . that 's it . ha ha ! this -- this be the same genuine , magic , authentic crystal use by the Priests of isis and osiris in the day of the pharaoh of Egypt -- in which cleopatra first see the approach of julius caesar and Marc Anthony , and -- and so on -- and so on . now , you -- you would better close you eye , my child , for a moment -- in order to be better in tune with the infinite . we -- we can not do this thing without .... ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 3 ) insert -- cu -- photograph of dorothy and aunt em -- professor o.s. ... reach out into the .... mcu -- Professor look at photograph -- professor ( cont 'd ) ... infinite . yes . mcs -- dorothy and Professor -- he put photograph on chair -- dorothy open she eye -- camera truck forward as Professor look into the crystal -- professor ( cont 'd ) that 's -- that 's all right . now you can open they . we will gaze into the crystal . ahh -- what 's this I see ? a house -- with a picket fence .... cu -- dorothy -- camera shoot past Professor at right f.g. -- dorothy react -- professor ( cont 'd ) ... and a barn -- with a weather vane and a -- of a -- of a run horse . mcu - Professor - camera shoot past Professor at leave f.g. - he look into crystal - speak - professor ( cont 'd ) no - it 's - it 's - a crow rooster . cu -- dorothy -- camera shoot past Professor -- dorothy that 's we farm ! professor oh -- yes . mcs -- dorothy and Professor -- he look into crystal -- then look down at photograph -- professor ( cont 'd ) yes , there 's -- there 's a woman -- she 's .... insert -- cu of the photograph - - mcs -- dorothy and Professor -- he put the photograph away again -- look into crystal -- professor ( cont 'd ) ... she 's wear a polka - dot dress .... mcu -- Professor -- camera shoot past dorothy -- ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 4 ) professor ( cont 'd ) ... she face be careworn . dorothy yes ... that 's aunt em . professor her -- she name be Emily . cu -- dorothy -- camera shoot past Professor -- dorothy react -- dorothy that 's right . what 's she do ? professor well , I -- I can not quite see . why , she 's cry . dorothy oh -- professor someone have hurt she -- someone have just about break she heart . dorothy I ? mcu -- Professor -- camera shoot past dorothy -- professor well , it 's -- it 's someone she love very much . someone she 's be very kind to . someone she 's take care of in sickness . cu -- dorothy react -- speak -- camera shoot past Professor -- dorothy I have the measle once -- and she stay right by I every minute . professor uh-huh . dorothy what 's she do now ? mcu - Professor look into crystal - camera shoot past dorothy - ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 5 ) professor well , she 's - she 's go into a little bed .... cu - dorothy - camera shoot past Professor - professor ( cont 'd ) ...room -- dorothy have it poppy on the wall .... mcu - Professor - camera shoot past dorothy dorothy ( cont 'd ) ... paper ? professor I say it have poppy on the wall paper ! eh -- she 's -- what 's this ? why , she 's -- she 's put she hand on she heart -- she 's -- she 's drop down on the .... cu -- dorothy react -- camera shoot Professor -- he speak -- exit right -- professor ( cont 'd ) ... bed . dorothy oh , no -- no ! professor that 's all -- the Crystal 's go dark . dorothy oh , you .... mcs -- dorothy and Professor -- dorothy jump up -- pick up she basket -- go to b.g. -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) ... you do not suppose she could really be sick , do you ? oh -- oh , I have get to go home right away ! professor but -- what 's this ? I think you be go along with I . dorothy oh , no , no , I have to get to she right .... ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 6 ) mcs -- dorothy pick up toto -- camera pan as she come forward down step -- she speak to toto -- react -- camera pan leave as she run to b.g. -- pick up suitcase -- put toto to ground -- both run up hill in b.g. -- wind blow leave around -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) ...away ! come on , toto ! oh , what will I do ? if we go home , they will send you to the sheriff . and if we do not , aunt em may -- well , she may die ! I know what I will do - I will give you to hunk . he will watch out for you . but we have get to hurry . Goodbye , Professor Marvel -- and thanks a lot ! ml -- Professor come out of wagon -- camera pan he leave to horse -- wind blow -- Professor look around -- start out leave with horse -- professor better get under cover , sylvester -- there 's a storm blow up -- a whopper , to speak in the vernacular of the peasantry . poor little kid -- I hope she get home all right . lap dissolve to : ms -- farm yard -- chicken fly down into yard -- run to b.g. toward barn -- wind blow weed and dust -- camera pan up - - uncle Henry run forward -- speak to hunk -- hunk exit into barn at leave -- uncle Henry come forward -- camera truck back to Hickory work on wind machine -- they speak - - then hurry to b.g. -- Zeke in b.g. run forward -- Hickory exit into barn -- uncle henry hunk , get they horse loose ! where 's Hickory . Hickory ! Hickory ! doggone it ! hick -- hickory o.s. right here . uncle henry ( cont 'd ) hey , what be you do there ? hickory this be my chance ! the cyclone be come . let I show you what my machine can do ! you see , it go -- ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 7 ) uncle henry doggone you ! help hunk get they horse loose ! hickory all right - you will be sorry . uncle henry go on , hurry up ! hurry up , I tell you ! ls -- Zeke point up to sky -- hunk and other drive horse out of barn -- zeke she 's here -- it 's a twister ! els -- the gale farm -- cyclone approach -- ml -- aunt em run out of house -- cup hand to she mouth -- call o.s. -- run to b.g. to corner of house -- call o.s . -- aunt em dorothy ! dorothy ! ml -- dorothy and toto near fence -- dorothy look to b.g. to house -- ls -- uncle Henry -- hunk -- Hickory and Zeke -- they turn horse loose -- it run out right -- uncle henry come on -- everybody in the storm cellar ! ml -- dorothy and toto move forward against the wind -- weed and stick blow through -- dorothy stop -- pick up toto -- ml -- aunt em on porch -- uncle Henry -- hunk -- Zeke and Hickory run in -- aunt em call o.s. again -- then all start into storm cellar -- aunt em Henry ! Henry ! I can not find dorothy ! she 's somewhere out in the storm ! dorothy ! ml -- dorothy carry toto -- push gate open -- make she way through wind -- camera pan right as she go up on to porch of house -- chair and thing blow off the porch -- dorothy open screen door -- the door blow off -- dorothy exit into house -- ml -- Zeke and hunk exit into storm cellar -- close the cellar door -- ml -- dorothy in live room -- camera pan leave as she run across room -- call o.s . -- truck back as she hurry forward to kitchen -- then exit door leave -- dorothy auntie em ! auntie em ! ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 8 ) els -- the gale farm -- the cyclone approach -- ms -- dorothy sit on edge of bed -- hold toto in she arm -- the window blow loose -- hit dorothy on the head -- she fall to floor - then get up daze - sit on edge of bed - toto jump up near she - she lie back on bed -- els - the gale farm - cyclone hit it - swirl dust circle house - els - the house spin up through dust - els - the house spin up through dust - other wreckage fly through - lap dissolve to : cu - dorothy lie on bed - open she eye - look around - ms - dorothy and toto on bed - dorothy sit up - camera truck back as she sit up - look out window - see tree , furniture , etc. fly through - ms - dorothy look out window - turn - speak to toto - dorothy ( cont 'd ) we be not on the ground , toto ! ml - shoot through window - Chicken coop fly through - then a little old lady sit ie rock chair - knitting - ms - dorothy and toto - dorothy react - ml - shoot through window - cow float through - cow moo - ms - dorothy and toto - toto bark - jump down off the bed - ( cow o.s. moo ) mcs - toto crawl under bed - ms -- dorothy sit on bed -- look out window to b.g. -- react as various thing float through -- two man in row boat float in -- both tip they hat to dorothy -- dorothy wave to they -- mcs - toto look out from under bed - cow moos o.s. - he dart back under the bed - ml - shoot through window - cow float through - mcs - dorothy rise - look o.s . - ml - shoot through window - tree float through - mcs -- dorothy react -- turn -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) we must be up inside .... mcs -- toto look out from under bed -- dorothy o.s . ... the cyclone . cs - dorothy look o.s. out window - react - camera pan as she sit on edge of bed - ms -- dorothy -- seat on edge of bed -- look out window -- miss gulch float in -- riding she bicycle -- dorothy react -- look down to toto -- miss gulch move in closer to window -- she bicycle change to broomstick -- she clothes into the fly robe and point hat -- mcs - dorothy look o.s. - react - put she hand over she eye - ml -- dorothy lie face down on the bed -- miss gulch float through in b.g . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 9 ) -- disappear -- ms -- the swirl funnel of the cyclone -- the house spin in apart from the cyclone -- ml - dorothy hold toto in she arm - throw herself down on the bed - scream - els - the spin house - the cyclone whirling in the background - ( dorothy scream ) ml -- dorothy and toto lie on bed -- house spin -- dorothy scream -- els - the house whirling down through dust - exit lower right - els -- the house whirl in at top -- float down through -- els -- the house float down through cloud -- ml -- dorothy and toto lie on bed -- the house crash to ground -- dorothy scream -- she look around -- then get up off the bed -- go to b.g. -- pick up the basket -- open door -- mcs -- dorothy walk forward -- look around o.s. -- camera pan as she walk to right f.g. -- exit -- int. farm House -- mcs -- dorothy enter from l.f.g. and open the door to reveal munchkinland -- camera boom forward through the door and around to the right -- to shoot down on full shot of Civic Center of the munchkin Village -- dorothy look around confuse by it all -- ml -- dorothy with toto in she arm look about the Village and speak -- munchkin rise before camera in f.g. and watch she -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) toto -- I have a feel we be not in Kansas anymore . cs -- dorothy with toto in she arm -- look about and speak -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) we must be over the rainbow ! ls -- dorothy put toto down to the ground -- turn to the b.g. -- react and back slowly toward the camera -- exit right - lap dissolve to : ml -- glinda look o.s. to the right to dorothy -- mcu -- dorothy look o.s. to l.f.g. -- react -- speak -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) now I -- I know we be not in Kansas . ml -- glinda -- camera pan she right to dorothy and toto -- camera truck forward -- they speak -- glinda be you a good witch , or a bad witch ? dorothy who , I ? why , I be not a witch at all . I be dorothy gale from Kansas . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 10 ) glinda oh! well .... cs -- toto -- dorothy 's foot in b.g. -- glinda o.s. ... be that the witch ? dorothy who , toto ? mcs -- glinda and dorothy -- they speak and look o.s. to l.f.g . -- dorothy ( cont 'd ) toto 's my dog . glinda well , I be a little muddle . the munchkin call I because a new witch have just drop a house on the wick witch of the East . and there 's the house , and here you be , and that 's all ... mcs -- wick witch of the East 's foot protrude from under the farm house -- glinda o.s. ... that 's leave of the wick witch of the East . mcu -- dorothy look o.s. to l.f.g. -- react -- glinda o.s. and so what the munchkin want to know ... mcu -- glinda look o.s. to dorothy and speak -- glinda ( cont 'd ) ... be , be you a good witch , or a bad witch ? mcu -- dorothy look to l.f.g. -- speak -- react to noise o.s . -- dorothy oh , but I have already tell you , I be not a witch at all -- witch be old and ugly . what be that ? mcu -- glinda look to r.f.g. and speak -- glinda the munchkin . they be laugh because I be a witch . I be glinda , the witch of the North . mcu -- dorothy look to l.f.g. -- react -- speak -- curtsy -- ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 11 ) dorothy you be ! oh , I beg you pardon ! but I have never hear of a beautiful .... mcu -- glinda look to r.f.g. and speak -- dorothy o.s. ... witch before . glinda only bad witch be ugly . mcs -- glinda and dorothy -- they speak -- dorothy react to noise o.s . -- camera truck back -- munchkin enter from b.g. behind flower -- glinda sing -- glinda ( cont 'd ) the munchkin be happy because you have freed they from the wick witch of the East . dorothy oh. but , if you please -- what be munchkin ? glinda the little people who live in this land -- it 's munchkinland , and you be they national heroine , my dear . it 's all right -- you may all come out and thank she . it 's all right now - you may all come out . glinda ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) come out , come out , wherever you be and meet the young lady who fall from a star . ls -- dorothy and glinda -- toto with they -- munchkin in f.g. -- other enter in b.g. -- glinda lead dorothy toward the b.g. as she sing -- camera boom up and forward -- glinda ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) she fall from the sky , she fall very far . and Kansas she say be the name of the star . ml -- munchkin -- one rise from manhole in street -- they sing and move toward the r.f.g . -- munchkin ( sing ) Kansas she say be the name of the star . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 12 ) ls -- dorothy , glinda and toto with they -- munchkin watch they as they move to pond -- glinda sing -- glinda ( sing ) she bring you good news . or have not you hear ? when she fall out of Kansas , a miracle occur . mcs -- glinda and dorothy stand by the pond -- dorothy sing -- munchkin in b.g. -- dorothy ( sing ) it really be no miracle . what happen be just this : the wind begin to switch -- the house to pitch and suddenly the hinge start to unhitch . just then , the witch -- to satisfy a itch -- go fly on she broomstick thumbing for ... ml -- munchkin dance forward and sing -- other behind he move to he and sing -- dorothy o.s. ( sing ) ...a hitch . a munchkin and oh , what happen then be rich ! several munchkin the house begin to pitch the kitchen take a slitch mcs -- munchkin -- camera truck along past munchkin as they sing -- munchkin ( sing ) it land on the wick witch in the middle of a ditch which be not a healthy situation for the wick witch . ls -- munchkin as they dance and sing -- camera boom back enter glinda and dorothy at right -- munchkin ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) the house begin to pitch the kitchen take a slitch it land on the wick witch in the middle of a ditch which be not a healthy .... ls -- carriage draw by pony come forward -- camera truck back before it -- munchkin gather around -- dorothy and glinda at right -- munchkin sing -- ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 13 ) munchkin ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) .... sitch - uation for the wick witch , who began to twitch and be reduce to just a stitch of what be once .... ms -- glinda and dorothy -- munchkin in b.g. -- dorothy start to move toward the l.f.g . -- munchkin ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) ... the wick .... ls -- carriage , glinda , dorothy and munchkin -- dorothy move to the carriage and be help in -- munchkin sing and dance -- munchkin ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) ... witch ! ms -- dorothy carriage face munchkin in b.g. -- one step forward from crowd and speak -- another follow and speak -- dorothy turn to f.g. as glinda speak o.s . -- munchkin no . 1 we thank you very sweetly for do it so neatly . munchkin no . 2 you have kill she so completely that we thank you very sweetly . glinda o.s. let the joyous news be spread mcs -- glinda look to f.g. and speak -- munchkin in b.g. -- glinda the wick Old witch at last be dead ! ls -- dorothy in carriage -- glinda stand on dais at leave - - carriage move toward b.g. follow by procession of soldier -- camera boom forward as carriage turn and come toward f.g. -- munchkin sing and dance -- munchkin ( sing ) ding Dong ! the wick witch be dead . which old witch ? the wick witch ! ding Dong ! the wick witch be dead . wake up , you sleepy head . rub you eye get out of bed . wake up , the wick ... ml -- dorothy in carriage -- camera pan right slightly with she -- she exit right as procession of soldier enter and march to right -- camera truck back -- ( continued ) 26 . continued : munchkin ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) ... witch be dead ! she 's go where the goblin go below ... below ... below yo -- ho , let 's open up and sing and ring the bell out . ding Dong ! the merry - oh ! sing it high sing it .... ls -- carriage with munchkin follow -- camera truck back slightly as carriage come forward to step at right -- munchkin ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) ... low let they know the wick witch be dead ! ml -- Three heralds move forward from building -- Mayor enter and come forward follow by barrister and City father -- camera boom back over dorothy in carriage in f.g. -- Mayor move to carriage -- dorothy step from the carriage and Mayor lead she toward the b.g. -- mcs -- dorothy and Mayor -- Mayor lead she to barrister and City father -- turn and speak -- barrister and City father and Mayor sing -- mayor as Mayor of the munchkin City in the County of the land of Oz I welcome you most regally barrister but we have get to verify it legally to see ... mayor to see ? barrister if she ... mayor if she ? barrister be morally , ethic 'ly father no . 1 spiritually , physically father no . 2 positively , absolutely 27 . all of group undeniably and reliably Dead ! mcs -- glinda on dais of fountain -- she look o.s. to f.g. and smile -- ml -- coroner move up step toward the r.f.g. -- camera pan right slightly as he move to Mayor and dorothy -- unroll scroll and sing -- scroll read : certificate of death -- coroner as coroner , I must aver I thoroughly examine she . and she 's not only merely dead , she 's really , most sincerely dead . ml -- dorothy , Mayor , barrister and City father -- Mayor step forward and look to the f.g. and sing -- mayor then this be a day of Independence for all the munchkin and they descendant ! barrister if any ! mayor yes , let the joyous news be spread . ls -- Mayor , dorothy , barrister , City father and munchkin gather at step -- Mayor speak -- munchkin cheer and dance -- mayor ( cont 'd ) the wick Old witch at last be dead ! munchkin ( sing ) ding Dong ! the witch be dead . which old witch ? the wick witch ! ml -- munchkin move up step to the leave - - camera boom up with they and hold on kid sleep in nest -- boom on and then down as munchkin come forward from between hut and sing and dance -- munchkin ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) ding Dong ! the wick witch be dead ! wake up , you sleepy head ! rub you eye , get out of bed . wake up , the wick witch be dead ! she 's go where the goblin go below ... below ... below . yo ho , let 's open up and sing , and ring the bell out . ding Dong ! the merry - oh ! sing it high , sing it low . let they know the wick witch be dead ! ( continued ) 28 . continued : ls -- munchkin soldier parade and march -- camera boom back and up as they come forward -- dorothy , Mayor and other enter on step at right -- other in b.g. -- ml -- Soldiers line up before step -- three tot move in through line of soldier and camera pan they right enter dorothy stand on step -- they dance and sing -- exit leave -- three tough kid come forward -- three tot ( sing ) we represent the lullaby League , the lullaby League , the lullaby League and in the name of the lullaby League we wish to welcome you to munchkinland . mcs -- Three tough kid look to r.f.g. and sing and dance - three tough kide ( sing ) we represent the lollypop Guild , the lollypop Guild , the lollypop Guild and in the name of the lollypop Guild ml - - Three tough kid sing and hand lollypop to dorothy stand on step at right -- they move to other munchkin in b.g. -- camera boom up as they come forward and sing -- three tough kide ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) we wish to welcome you to munchkinland . munchkin ( sing ) we welcome you to munchkinland tra la la la la la tra la la tra la la tra la la la la la la ms -- dorothy stand with Mayor , barrister and City father -- she turn from one to the other as they sing mayor from now on you will be history barrister you will be hist ... CITY father you will be hist ... mayor you will be history group and we will glorify you name ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) mayor you will be a bust ... barrister be a bust ... CITY father be a bust ... group in the hall of fame ! ls -- dorothy , Mayor and City father -- camera shoot past munchkin in f.g. -- camera boom with they as they come forward -- glinda enter -- munchkin gather before glinda and City father and dorothy and sing -- smoke cloud appear and witch enter -- munchkin react munchkin ( sing ) tra la la la la tra la la tra la la tra la la la la la .. . . . . . cs -- witch -- look o.s. to munchkin -- munchkin in b.g. -- react and run -- camera boom leave with witch to farm house -- she look at witch of the East 's foot protrude from under the farm house -- ext. Civic Center of munchkin Village -- mcs -- dorothy and glinda -- dorothy hold toto as she look o.s. to leave f.g. -- be frighten -- speak with glinda -- dorothy I think you say she be dead . glinda that be she sister -- the wick witch of the East . this be the wick witch of the West . and she 's worse than the other one be . ms -- the wick witch turn away from the farm house -- camera pan , truck right with she as she go to dorothy and glinda -- the munchkin be prostrate on the ground in b.g. -- the witch speak with glinda and dorothy -- witch who kill my sister ? who kill the witch of the East ? be it you ? answer I ! glinda leave she alone ! ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 3 ) witch you stay out of this ! I be here for vengeance ! so it be you , be it ? you kill she , .... cs -- dorothy and glinda -- dorothy speak to the witch o.s. in f.g. -- witch ( cont 'd ) ... do not you ? dorothy no -- no ! it be a accident ! I do not mean to kill anybody !.... mcu -- witch -- speak to dorothy o.s. -- wave she broomstick about -- dorothy o.s. ... really I do not ! witch do not mean it , eh? Accident , eh? well , my little pretty , I can cause accident , too -- and this be how I do it ! glinda o.s . be not you forget -.... ms -- witch , dorothy and glinda -- munchkin on the ground in b.g. -- the witch react as glinda speak - camera truck leave with she as she turn , go back to the wreck farm house -- glinda ... ting the ruby slipper ? witch the slipper -- yes ..... the slipper ! ms -- the witch of the East 's leg protrude from underneath the wreck house -- the ruby slipper disappear and the stocking be draw back under the house -- cs -- the witch react as she look down -- then turn , look back to o.s. f.g. -- speak -- witch ( cont 'd ) they be go ! ml -- the witch kneel down by the house -- she rise , camera truck she right to dorothy and glinda -- glinda stop she , point down to dorothy 's foot -- witch ( cont 'd ) the ruby slipper ! what have you do with they ? give they back to I , or I will - -- ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 4 ) glinda it 's too late ! there they .... cu -- the ruby slipper on dorothy 's foot -- glinda 's wand point to they -- glinda o.s. ...are , and there they will stay ! mcu -- dorothy and glinda -- dorothy react as she look down -- gasp as she look at the witch o.s. , then up at glinda -- dorothy oh ! witch o.s . give I back my slipper ! mcu -- witch speak to dorothy o.s . -- witch I be the only one that know how to use they . they be of no use to you ! give they back to I ! mcu -- dorothy and glinda -- glinda advise dorothy -- witch o.s . give they back ! glinda keep tight inside of they -- they magic must be very powerful , or she would not want they so badly ! ms -- the witch rise , threaten dorothy -- glinda laugh , speak -- the witch react , look up o.s. -- then continue to threaten dorothy -- witch you stay out of this , glinda , or I will fix you as well ! glinda ( laugh ) oh , rubbish ! you have no power here . be go , before somebody drop a house on you , too . witch very well -- I will bide my time -- and as for you , my fine lady , it 's true , I can not attend to you here and now as I would like , but just try to stay out of my way .... mcu -- witch threaten dorothy o.s. in f.g. -- witch ... -- just try ! I will get you , my .... ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 5 ) mcu -- dorothy and glinda -- dorothy react as the witch laugh o.s . -- witch o.s. ... pretty , and you little dog , too ! ( laugh ) ml -- the witch back away from dorothy and glinda as the camera boom back -- she laugh menacingly -- the munchkin hug the ground with fear -- the witch disappear in a cloud of fire and smoke -- mcs -- glinda and dorothy -- glinda speak to the munchkin o.s . glinda it 's all right . you can get up -- she 's go . ls - the munchkin all rise , start to move toward glinda and dorothy as glinda speak to they -- glinda it 's all right . you can all get up . mcs -- glinda and dorothy -- camera pull back as glinda speak -- the munchkin enter , crowd about the two -- they bow as glinda mention the wizard of Oz - camera truck to leave as glinda and dorothy move down step of fountain dais -- glinda instruct dorothy , kiss she on the forehead -- camera pan dorothy leave as she walk through the munchkin to the start of the yellow Brick Road -- glinda pooh -- what a smell of sulphur ! I be afraid you have make rather a bad enemy of the wick witch of the West . the sooner you get out of Oz altogether , the safer you will sleep , my dear . dorothy oh , I would give anything to get out of Oz altogether -- but which be the way back to Kansas ? I can not go the way I come . glinda no -- that 's true . the only person who might know would be the great and wonderful wizard of Oz himself ! dorothy the wizard of Oz ? be he good or be he wick ? glinda oh , very good , but very mysterious . he life in the emerald City , and that 's a long journey from here . do you bring you broomstick with you ? ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 6 ) dorothy no , I be afraid I do not . glinda well , then , you will have to walk . the munchkin will see you safely to the border of munchkinland . and remember , never let that ruby slipper off you foot for a moment , or you will be at the mercy of the wick witch of the West . dorothy but , how do I start for emerald City ? glinda it 's always best to start at the beginning -- and all you do be follow the yellow Brick Road . cs -- dorothy turn , start to speak to glinda o.s. in f.g. -- dorothy but -- what happen if I --- cs -- glinda speak to dorothy o.s. in f.g. -- glinda just follow the yellow Brick Road . cs -- dorothy look up o.s. , open-mouthed with astonishment -- she speak -- camera pan down to she foot as she start to follow the yellow Brick Road -- camera pull back slightly as she walk around it -- the Mayor step in , speak to she -- other munchkin speak -- camera pan leave with dorothy as she progress along the road -- other munchkin give she advice - - dorothy my -- ! people come and go so quickly here ! follow the yellow Brick Road . follow the yellow Brick Road ? mayor follow the yellow Brick Road . 1st munchkin follow the yellow Brick Road . woman follow the yellow Brick Road . barrister follow the yellow Brick Road . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 7 ) els -- shoot down from high set - up to dorothy on the yellow Brick Road -- the munchkin all group along the border of the road -- camera boom up as they sing while dorothy walk around the road -- fiddler follow the yellow Brick Road . follow the yellow Brick Road . follow , follow , follow , follow , follow the yellow Brick Road . follow the yellow Brick follow the ... ls -- dorothy come forward down the munchkin-line yellow Brick Road -- she dance , skip along -- camera boom rapidly back along the road ahead of she -- munchkin enter line up along the road -- all greet she , then follow she down the road -- the five fiddler sing as they head the procession -- dorothy pass through the gate of munchkinland and exit to f.g. -- the munchkin stop at the gate -- fiddler ( sing ) ... yellow Brick follow the yellow Brick Road . you be off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz you will find he be a whiz of a wiz if ever a wiz there be . if ever oh ever a wiz there be the wizard of Oz be one because because , because , because , because , because ... because of the wonderful thing he do .... els -- dorothy dance down the yellow Brick Road to the b.g. -- camera shoot over the head of the munchkin in the f.g. as they sing to she -- she turn , wave to they -- they wave back and dorothy continue on down the road as the munchkin cheer -- fiddler ( sing ) you be off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz ! lap dissolve to : els -- ext. Cross road of yellow Brick Road -- dorothy and toto come forward along the road from b.g. - camera boom down to leave as she pause in the center of the cross road -- look about , speak -- dorothy follow the yellow Brick Road ? follow the yellow ....? mcu -- dorothy , puzzle as she look about o.s . -- ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 8 ) dorothy now which way do we go ? ls -- dorothy stand in the center of cross road -- a scarecrow on a pole in the cornfield at right -- he speak , point to right -- dorothy whirl about and look at he -- scarecrow that way be a very nice way . cs -- scarecrow , he arm point to right -- cu -- dorothy , a bit frighten as she look about o.s. - she speak , look down at toto as he bark o.s . -- dorothy who say that ? cu -- toto bark at the scarecrow o.s . -- ml -- the scarecrow in the field of corn -- toto bark o.s . -- mcu - dorothy look down and speak to toto o.s . -- dorothy do not be silly , toto. scarecrow .... ml -- the scarecrow in field in b.g. -- camera shoot past dorothy in f.g. -- the scarecrow speak , point to leave with he other arm -- dorothy ... do not talk . scarecrow it 's pleasant down that way , too . cu -- dorothy react , watch the scarecrow o.s. -- speak to toto -- look up as the scarecrow speak o.s . dorothy that 's funny . be not he point the other way ? scarecrow o.s . of course , people do .... ml -- scarecrow in field -- shoot past dorothy in f.g. -- the scarecrow cross he arm and point in both direction -- scarecrow ... go both way ! mcu -- dorothy react , speak as she start forward -- dorothy why .... ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 9 ) ls -- dorothy step forward to the cornfield as she speak to the scarecrow -- camera truck forward -- dorothy ... you do say something , do not you ? cs - the scarecrow shake he head , then nod - - ml -- dorothy look at the scarecrow as he nod he head -- she speak to he -- dorothy be you do that on purpose , or can not you make up you mind ? mcu -- the scarecrow explain -- show he straw head -- scarecrow that 's the trouble . I can not make up my mind . I have not get a brain -- only straw . mcs -- dorothy question the scarecrow o.s. in f.g. -- dorothy how can you talk if you have not get a .... mcu -- scarecrow speak to dorothy o.s.in f.g. -- dorothy o.s . ... brain ? scarecrow I do not know . but some people without brain do a awful lot of talk , do not they ? mcs -- dorothy nod , speak -- dorothy yes , I guess you be right . ml -- dorothy step over the fence and into the cornfield -- speak as she step up to the scarecrow -- camera start forward -- dorothy well , we have not really meet properly , have we ? mcu -- scarecrow -- scarecrow why , no . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 10 ) cs -- dorothy curtsy , speak -- dorothy how do you do ? cs -- scarecrow nod , speak -- scarecrow how do you do ? cs -- dorothy speak -- dorothy very well , thank you . ml -- dorothy stand in front of the scarecrow -- the scarecrow complain about he position -- scarecrow oh , I be not feel at all well . you see , it 's very tedious be stick up here all day long with a pole up you back . mcu -- dorothy -- dorothy oh , dear -- that must be terribly uncomfortable . can not you get down ? ml -- scarecrow on pole -- dorothy stand in front of he - - they speak -- she move around to the back of the pole -- scarecrow down ? no , you see , I be -- well , -- I be -- dorothy oh , well , here -- let I help you . scarecrow oh , that 's very kind of you -- very kind . cs -- dorothy examine the back of the scarecrow as she try to unfasten he -- dorothy well , oh , dear -- I do not quite see .... mcu -- the scarecrow react , look down at dorothy o.s. dorothy o.s. ...how I can -- scarecrow of course , I be not bright about do thing , but if you will just .... ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 11 ) cs -- dorothy start to follow the scarecrow 's direction -- scarecrow o.s. ... bend the nail down in the back , maybe I will slip off and ... dorothy oh .... ml -- dorothy turn the nail and the scarecrow fall to the ground -- dorothy ... yes . scarecrow ohhhh -- dorothy ohh ! ms -- the scarecrow fall into scene -- dorothy enter , question he as he put back some straw into he coat that have drop out -- the scarecrow rise , start to whirl about -- scarecrow whhhooops ! ha-ha -- there go some of I again ! dorothy oh -- do it hurt you ? scarecrow oh , no -- I just keep pick it up and put it back in again . dorothy ohhh -- scarecrow my , it 's good to be .... ml -- dorothy scream as the scarecrow whirl about and fall over the cornfield fence -- she rush to he -- the camera truck forward as she kneel beside he -- they speak - - scarecrow ... free ! dorothy oh ! oh ! ohhh ! ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 12 ) scarecrow do I scare you ? dorothy no , no -- I -- I just think you hurt yourself . mcu -- scarecrow -- shoot past dorothy in right f.g. scarecrow but I do not scare you ? mcu -- dorothy -- shoot past the scarecrow in leave f.g. -- dorothy no -- of course not . mcu -- the scarecrow react , speak -- shoot past dorothy in the right f.g. -- scarecrow I do not think so . mcs -- the scarecrow and dorothy seat by fence -- a crow fly in from leave and alight on the scarecrow 's shoulder -- mcu -- dorothy react as she see the crow o.s . -- scarecrow o.s. boo! scat ! mcs -- scarecrow and dorothy -- the crow hop to the scarecrow 's shoulder , pick up some of the scarecrow 's straw and fly away with it -- scarecrow speak to dorothy -- scarecrow boo ! you see , I can not even scare a crow ! they come from mile .... mcu -- dorothy listen -- scarecrow o.s . ... around just to eat in my field and laugh in my face ! mcu -- the scarecrow -- scarecrow oh , I be a failure , because I have not get a brain . mcu -- dorothy react , speak -- dorothy well , what would you do with a brain if you have one ? mcs -- scarecrow and dorothy -- shot favor the scarecrow -- they speak -- he begin to sing -- camera pull back as he roll down to the yellow Brick Road -- dorothy rise , move to he -- hold he up as he start to fall -- ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 13 ) scarecrow do ? why , if I have a brain , I could -- ( sing ) I could while away the hour , conferrin ' with the flower , consultin ' with the rain . and my head I would be scratchin' while my thought be busy hatchin ' if I only have a brain . I would unravel every riddle for any individ 'le in trouble or in pain . cs -- dorothy hold the scarecrow as she sing -- shot favor dorothy -- dorothy ( sing ) with the thought you will be thinkin ' you could be another lincoln if you only have a brain . mcs -- dorothy hold the scarecrow as he sing -- he jump , whirl about -- camera truck forward as he go into a sit position , then pan up with he as he rise beside dorothy , continue to sing -- scarecrow ( sing ) oh , I could tell you why the ocean 's near the shore I could think of thing I never thunk before , and then I would sit -- and think some more . I would not be just a nuffin ' my head all full of stuffin ' my heart all full of pain . I would dance and be merry ... mcs - scarecrow and dorothy - she watch as he sing , dance about - he whirl , jig about - fall to he knee - dorothy react - camera truck forward as he dance back up the yellow Brick Road - then pull back as he come forward to dorothy again - he dance to leave to the cornfield - camera pan leave - he fall over the fence , then roll back under it as dorothy rush to help he - he react , sit on the curb of the road - scarecrow ( sing ) ... life would be a ding - a- derry if I only have a brain ! ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 14 ) mcs - the scarecrow seat on curb of road as dorothy look down at he - camera pull back as he feel about he coat - dorothy point to some of he straw on the road - a crow fly into the scene and land near the straw - the scarecrow react - mcs - the scarecrow tremble with fear as dorothy try to comfort he - mcu - the crow pick up the straw and fly up -- ml - dorothy and the scarecrow react as the crow fly out to leave with the straw in he mouth - camera boom up to leave as the scarecrow rise , go to the fence and shake he fist at the crow fly over the cornfield in the b.g. - ml - the scarecrow dance back to right along the road as the camera pull back , pan right with he - dorothy rush to he , stop he and point o.s. to leave - ls - the crow land in the cornfield - mcs - dorothy and the scarecrow look o.s. to leave - the scarecrow react , assure dorothy - then the camera pull back as he dance forward , gain momentum and run out to leave - ls - the scarecrow run to leave , make a big jump over the cornfield as the camera pan with he - ml - the scarecrow jump in from right and land in the cornfield - several crow fly out of the corn - ms - dorothy run forward to the fence , react as she look o.s. to f.g. - ms - the scarecrow move to right through the corn stalk - camera truck right - he bend down , find he straw and stuff it back into he coat - ml - the scarecrow run forward , jump into the air and fly out to right f.g. - ls - the scarecrow soar over the field to the road - dorothy wave to he ms - the scarecrow fall into the scene as he land on the yellow Brick Road - camera pull back as dorothy rush to he - the scarecrow begin to dance again , do a series of split - cs - toto jump on a pumpkin , start it roll out onto the yellow Brick Road at right - camera pan right - ls - toto follow the pumpkin as it roll forward down the road - camera pull back between the scarecrow 's leg - the pumpkin hit the scarecrow , hit the scarecrow up out of scene - dorothy look on , frighten - ls - camera pan up with the scarecrow as he soar up into the air - ls - shoot down from the scarecrow 's angle to dorothy as she look up o.s . - ms - camera pan down with the scarecrow as he fall back toward the road - exit out of shot - ml - the scarecrow fall back into scene and land on the yellow Brick Road - he run out to leave - ml - camera pull back before the scarecrow as he dance forward , bump into one side of fence , then bounce from that to the fence on the other side of road , then back to the fence at leave , and so on down the road - camera pan right with he as he run forward past dorothy and fall through a fence which break under he weight - cs - the scarecrow sit up , look about - blink he eye - cs - dorothy react as she start forward , look o.s. to f.g. ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 15 ) - reverse action shot of scene 93 ( ml - camera pull back before the scarecrow as he dance forward , bump into one side of fence , then bounce from that to the fence on the other side of road , then back to the fence at leave , and so on down the road - camera pan right with he as he run forward past dorothy and fall through a fence which break under he weight ) ml - the scarecrow bounce off a fence rail and start to dance forward down the road as he sing - camera pull back ahead of he - dorothy enter - he sing to she - some straw fall from he coat - the scarecrow slump to the ground - dorothy start to bend down - scarecrow ( sing ) gosh , it would be awful pleasin ' to reason out the reason for thing I can not explain . then perhaps I will deserve you , and be even worthy erv you if I only have a brain . ml -- ext. yellow Brick Road -- dorothy rush to the scarecrow lie on the road -- she pick up some of he straw -- kneel by he -- cs -- dorothy kneel by the scarecrow -- she speak as she help he put back some of the straw -- they react -- scarecrow half - rise -- dorothy wonderful ! why , if we scarecrow back in Kansas could do that , the crow would be scared to piece ! scarecrow they would ? dorothy um-hmm . scarecrow where 's Kansas ? dorothy that 's where I live . and I want to get back there so badly I be go all the way to emerald City to get the wizard of Oz to help I . scarecrow you be go to see a wizard ? dorothy um-hmm . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 16 ) scarecrow do you think if I go with you this wizard would give I some brain ? dorothy I could not say . but even if he do not , you would be no worse off than you be now . scarecrow yes -- that 's true . dorothy but maybe you would better not . I have get a witch mad at I , and you might get into trouble . scarecrow witch ? huh ! I be not afraid of a witch ! I be not afraid of anything --- except a light match . dorothy I do not blame you for that . scarecrow but I would face a whole box full of they for the chance of get some brain . look - - I will not be any trouble , because I do not eat a thing -- and I will not try to manage thing , because I can not think . wo not you take I with you ? mcu -- dorothy -- shoot past scarecrow in right f.g. dorothy why , of course I will ! ls -- dorothy and the scarecrow rise from the road -- the scarecrow jump up -- yell -- dorothy hold he up -- they speak -- they start to sing -- camera boom to leave as they walk down the road and exit to b.g . -- scarecrow hooray ! we be off to see a wizard ! dorothy oh -- well -- you be not start out very well . scarecrow oh , I will try ! really , I will . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 17 ) dorothy to Oz ? scarecrow to Oz ! both ( sing ) we be off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz we hear he be a whiz of a wiz if ever a wiz there be if ever oh ever a wiz there be , the wizard of Oz be one because because , because , because , because , because because of the wonderful thing he do . we be off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz ! lap dissolve to : ls -- dorothy and scarecrow come forward along yellow Brick Road -- camera pull back to show wick witch hide behind tree at leave -- she turn , exit to leave -- dorothy react as she see the apple orchard at right - she go up to one of the tree -- camera start to boom forward on she -- dorothy oh -- apple -- oh look ! oh. oh --- mcs -- dorothy stand by the first Tree -- she pick a apple off -- react as the tree take the apple back and slap dorothy 's hand -- dorothy ouch ! mcu -- first Tree open its " mouth " -- speak to dorothy o.s . -- tree what do you think you be do ? mcs -- dorothy reply to the tree -- then react -- dorothy we have be walk a long way and I be hungry and -- do you say .... mcu -- the first Tree -- gesture as it speak -- first tree she .... ml -- scarecrow and dorothy stand before the first Tree as it speak to the second Tree in b.g . -- ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 18 ) first tree ... be hungry ! well , how would you like to have someone come along and pick something off of you ? mcu -- scarecrow and dorothy react , speak as they look o.s. at the tree -- dorothy oh , dear -- I keep forget I be not in Kansas . scarecrow come along , dorothy -- you do not want any of that apple . hmm ! mcu -- first tree react , and speak -- first tree what do you mean - she do not want any of that apple ? be you hint my apple be not what they ought to be ? mcu - - scarecrow and dorothy -- scarecrow oh , no ! it 's just that she do not like little green .... mcu -- the Tree react , make a grab for the two o.s . -- scarecrow o.s. ... worm ! tree oh .... ml -- the first Tree grab for the two -- the scarecrow fight he off as dorothy run out to right f.g. -- the scarecrow follow she out -- tree ... you ... scarecrow go -- go! tree ... oh -- help -- let I out . I will give you little green .... mcs -- dorothy -- the scarecrow back in from leave f.g. -- gesture at the tree o.s. -- speak -- then make face at the tree -- tree o.s. ... worm . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 19 ) scarecrow I will show you how to get apple . tree o.s. you can not .... ms -- the first tree wind up , throw apple o.s. to f.g. -- tree ... do that to I ! I will .... mcs -- scarecrow and dorothy react as the apple begin to hit they -- the scarecrow fall back to the road -- tree o.s. ... show you ! ls -- shoot past the tree at leave as they throw apple at scarecrow and dorothy and toto in the b.g. -- the scarecrow rise , dodge about -- tree you can not do that ! you can not do that ! hey ! cs -- first Tree laugh as it throw apple to f.g. -- scarecrow o.s. hooray ! ls -- shoot past the tree at leave as they throw apple at the scarecrow and dorothy in the b.g. -- scarecrow pick they up -- scarecrow hooray ! I guess that do it ! help yourself . dorothy oh -- ms -- dorothy come forward as she pick up the apple -- camera pan and truck forward as she start to pick up two apple -- she see a tin foot -- react -- examine it -- camera pull back and boom up as she stand up by the tin man -- scarecrow come in from leave -- camera pull back as they examine he -- he try to speak -- dorothy pick up the oil can -- dorothy why , it 's a man ! a man make out of tin ! scarecrow what ? dorothy yes . oh -- look -- tin man oil can ..... oil can .... ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 20 ) dorothy do you say something ? tin man oil can .... scarecrow oil can what ? dorothy oil can ? oh -- oh , here it be ! mcs -- scarecrow and dorothy examine the tin man -- he try to speak -- they oil he about the mouth -- dorothy where do you want to be oile first ? tin man my mouth -- my mouth ! scarecrow he say he mouth . dorothy here -- here -- scarecrow the other side .... dorothy yes --- there . cu -- the tin man try to speak -- squeak out a few sound - - tin man mm.....mm...mm.... mcs -- dorothy and scarecrow listen as the tin man start to speak -- dorothy start to pull the axe arm of the tin man down -- scarecrow oil he -- tin man ...m...m...my , my , my , my goodness -- I can talk again ! oh -- oil my arm , please -- oil my elbow . dorothy oh ... ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 21 ) ml -- dorothy lower the right arm of the tin man so that it hang naturally -- scarecrow busy with the oil can -- the tin man begin he story -- tin man oh -- dorothy ... oh , do that hurt ? tin man no -- it feel wonderful . I have hold that axe up for age . oh --- dorothy oh , goodness ! how do you ever get like this ? tin man oh -- well , about a year ago -- I be chopping that tree -- mind my own business -- when suddenly it start to rain .... mcs -- scarecrow and dorothy listen to the tin man -- he grow weak -- they work he arm back and forth -- scarecrow oil he neck for he -- dorothy rap on the tin man 's chest - - they react -- tin man explain , then step backward toward tree -- tin man ... and right in the middle of a chop , I ... I rusted solid . and I have be that way ever since . dorothy well , you be perfect now . tin man my ...my neck . my ...my neck . perfect ? oh -- bang on my chest if you think I be perfect . go ahead -- bang on it ! dorothy oh --! scarecrow beautiful ! what a echo ! tin man it 's empty . the tinsmith forget to give I a heart . 49 . dorothy and scarecrow no heart ? tin man no heart . dorothy oh -- tin man all hollow . oh -- cs -- tin man fall back as scarecrow and dorothy enter to help he -- he hold they off -- begin to sing -- tin man ( sing ) when a man 's a empty kettle , he should be on he mettle . and yet I be tear apart . just because I be presumin ' that I could be kind - a human , if I only have a heart . mcu -- tin man lean over toward dorothy and sing as camera pan leave slightly -- then lean back -- tin man ( sing ) I would be tender -- I would be gentle and awful sentimental regard Love and Art I would be friend with sparrow ... cs -- dorothy and scarecrow listen to the tin man -- he come forward slightly -- react as he hear snow White 's Voice o.s. -- then continue with song -- tin man ( sing ) ... and the boy who shoot the arrow if I only have a heart . picture I .... a balcony .... above a voice sing low . snow white's voice wherefore art thou , Romeo ? tin man I hear a beat .... how sweet ! just to register emotion jealousy -- devotion -- and really feel the part , I could stay young and chipper , and I would lock it with a zipper , if I only have a heart ...! ( continued ) 50 . continued : ml -- dorothy , tin man and scarecrow -- the tin man come forward as he start he dance -- dorothy and scarecrow -- camera pull back -- he stop as one of he joint stick -- dorothy oil it -- tin man come forward a few more step , then the other knee stick -- they oil that for he -- he thanks they -- camera pull back , pan leave as he run backwards down the road and start he dance -- mcs -- dorothy and scarecrow watch o.s. to leave f.g. ml -- shoot past scarecrow and dorothy at right to the tin man as he dance before they -- ml -- camera pan slightly with the tin man as he dance about -- he tap he chest , make the whistle in he funnel hat blow -- then continue to dance -- mcs -- dorothy and the scarecrow look at each other with amazement as they watch the dance of the tin man -- dorothy whisper to the scarecrow -- ml -- the tin man dance -- he jump forward slightly , fold he arm , then lock in that position -- start to lean to leave -- ml -- camera pan dorothy and scarecrow as they rush to leave to help the tin man -- they catch he in time -- he start to fall in the other direction -- they rush around to catch he , but he now start to fall to the other side -- this business be repeat -- then camera pan to right as the tin man stumble toward b.g. -- scarecrow try to get out of the way and fall over - - dorothy grab the tin man 's hand -- dorothy oh -- mcs -- the tin man sit down -- dorothy react , speak with he -- scarecrow enter from leave -- dorothy oil the tin man some more , then ask he to go to the emerald City , too -- then all react as the witch laugh o.s. -- they rise to they foot as camera pan up to the right to the witch stand on the roof of tin man 's cottage -- dorothy oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , be you all right ? tin man I be afraid I be a little rusty yet . dorothy oh , dear -- that be wonderful ! you know -- we be just wonder why you could not come to emerald City with we to ask the wizard of Oz for a heart . tin man emerald City ? why , that 's a long and dangerous journey . and it might rain on the way . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) scarecrow but you have just be say how much you want a heart . dorothy and I will keep the oil - can handy . tin man well , suppose the wizard would not get I one when we get there ? dorothy oh , but he will ! he must ! we have come such a long way already . ( witch laugh o.s . ) tin man ohh -- what 's that ? oh -- witch you call that long ? ml -- the witch on the tin man 's roof -- she speak as she look o.s. to f.g. -- witch why , you have just begin ! forgotten about I , .... mcs - tin man , dorothy and scarecrow react as the witch speak o.s. - witch o.s. ...eh ? well , I have not forget about you ! cs -- the witch speak to the three o.s. in f.g. -- witch helping the little lady along , be you , my fine gentleman ? mcs -- tin man , dorothy and scarecrow -- witch o.s. well , stay away from she ! cs -- witch speak , point at the scarecrow o.s . -- witch or I will stuff a mattress with you ! mcs -- tin man , dorothy and scarecrow -- tin man point to the tremble scarecrow -- then the tin man react -- point to himself -- witch o.s . and you ! I will use you for a bee - hive ! ( laugh ) cs -- the witch speak , throw a ball of fire o.s . -- witch here , scarecrow ! want to play ball ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 3 ) ls -- dorothy , tin man , scarecrow stand at leave as the witch on the roof throw down a ball of fire at they -- she laugh gleefully -- cs - witch speak to dorothy o.s . - witch and as for you , my little .... ml - tin man put out the fire as dorothy help the scarecrow , who be roll about in the grass - she react as witch speak o.s . - witch o.s. ... dorothy , I wish .... mcu - dorothy hug toto tightly as witch speak o.s. - witch o.s. ... you luck with the wizard of oz. and a .... cs - witch speak to dorothy o.s. - then laugh - witch ... happy journey back to Kansas ! ml -- the witch laugh -- sit on she broomstick in a position to fly away -- smoke fill the shot , obscure witch from sight -- ext. forrest -- cs -- dorothy hold toto in she arm -- watch o.s. ls -- cloud of smoke as witch disappear -- ms -- the tin man -- dorothy and scarecrow look o.s. -- camera truck forward on they -- tin man and scarecrow speak -- snap they finger -- tin man react to buzzing sound -- scarecrow I be not afraid of she . I will see you get safely to the wizard now , whether I get a brain or not ! stuff a mattress with I ! hah ! tin man I will see you reach the wizard , whether I get a heart of not . bee-hive -- bah ! let she try and make a bee-hive out of I ! you know -- hmm ? what 's that ? ml - tin man and scarecrow sit down - dorothy in b.g. near tree - come forward as tin man and scarecrow rise - she speak - react when she see bee on she arm - turn around as tin man take bee off she arm - tin man oh ! they be - they be go now . dorothy oh , goodness ! do any of they sting you ? tin man I - I guess they try to , but they bent they stinger . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 4 ) dorothy oh , dear . I do not know what I would do if a whole swarm keep -- oh ! oh ! oh , there 's one on I ! tin man oh - I will get it ! dorothy oh ! oh ! cs - scarecrow - dorothy and tin man - tin man look at dead bee in he hand - speak and cry - dorothy oh -- tin man oh , see - I kill it . oh , I kill that poor little honey bee ! dorothy oh-oh - cu - tin man cry - speak - tin man it 's only a man without a head who could do a thing like that . poor little bee . cu - dorothy react - reach o.s . - dorothy oh , there .... cu - the tin man as dorothy reach in - wipe away he tear - dorothy ... there . do not cry . there . cu - dorothy look o.s. - speak - dorothy as a matter of fact , that 's just a old drine bee , and it would have die .... cu - tin man look o.s. - dorothy o.s . ... anyway . tin man yes ? dorothy o.s . you put it out of its misery . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 5 ) tin man oh. dorothy o.s. it 's .... cs - scarecrow - dorothy and tin man - they speak and laugh - dorothy ... just that the witch be so wick . I do not think you two ought to come with I because you will get into trouble . scarecrow oh , you do not think we be go to stand by and let she get away with fireballs and bee , do you ? tin man no , sir ! scarecrow no , sir ! dorothy oh , you be the best friend anybody ever have ! and it 's funny , but I feel as if I have know you all the time . but I could not have , could I ? scarecrow I do not see how . you be not around when I be stuff and sewn together , be you ? tin man and I be stand over there rusting for the longest time . dorothy still , I wish I could remember . but , I guess it do not matter anyway . we know each other now , do not we ? scarecrow that 's right . tin man we do . scarecrow to Oz ? tin man to Oz ! ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 6 ) ml -- scarecrow -- dorothy and tin man -- camera pan right as they dance down to brick road -- scarecrow pick up basket -- camera truck back as they dance forward -- then turn and go up road to b.g. -- exit -- the three ( sing ) we be off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz we hear he be a whiz of a wiz if ever a wiz there be . if ever , oh ever a wiz there be the wizard of Oz be one because because , because , because , because , because because of the wonderful thing he do we be off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz ! lap dissolve to : ls -- int. Dark and eerie Forest -- tin man -- dorothy and scarecrow walk forward down brick road -- lap dissolve to : ls -- tin man -- dorothy and scarecrow walk forward slowly -- mcs -- tin man -- dorothy and scarecrow stop -- look around off screen -- dorothy frighten -- speak -- dorothy I do not like this forest ! it 's -- it 's dark and creepy ! scarecrow of course , I do not know , but I think it will get darker before it get lighter . dorothy do -- do you suppose we will meet any wild animal ? tin man we might . dorothy oh -- scarecrow animal that -- that eat straw ? tin man some -- but mostly lion , and tiger , and bear . cu -- dorothy react -- ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 7 ) dorothy lion ? cu -- scarecrow react -- speak -- scarecrow and tiger ? cu -- tin man look o.s. -- speak -- tin man and bear . mcs -- tin man -- dorothy and scarecrow -- dorothy frighten -- dorothy oh ! lion and tiger and bear ! ml -- tin man -- dorothy and scarecrow walk forward along brick road -- camera pan they to right -- they react to growl o.s . -- dorothy oh , my ! tin man -- scarecrow and dorothy lion and tiger and bear ! dorothy oh , my ! tin man -- scarecrow and dorothy lion and tiger and bear ! dorothy oh , my ! tin man -- scarecrow and dorothy lion and tiger and bear ! dorothy oh , my ! tin man -- scarecrow and dorothy lion and tiger and bear ! ( continued ) 57 . continued : dorothy oh , my ! ( scream ) mcs -- tin man -- dorothy and scarecrow frighten -- speak -- look o.s. -- react -- tin man and bear ! dorothy what sort of a animal be that ? tin man it - it - it - it - it 's a huge one ! scarecrow d-d-d - do not be fr-fr-frightened . I - I will - I will protect you . oh , look ! ls -- lion on fall tree -- dorothy -- scarecrow and tin man in f.g. on brick road -- the lion jump toward they -- camera truck back as they three move back -- the lion take two great leap -- land on the brick road -- tin man and scarecrow fall at side of road -- dorothy hide behind tree -- ( lion growl ) cu -- lion growl -- cs -- scarecrow tremble -- cu -- lion growl -- cu -- dorothy look out around tree -- react -- cu -- lion growl -- cs -- tin man tremble -- cs -- lion sneer -- camera pan as he stand on he hind leg -- put up he paw -- speak -- lion put them up ! put them .... ls -- lion -- tin man and scarecrow -- dorothy back of tree in b.g. -- camera truck forward -- lion speak and gesture - - lion ...up ! which one of you first ? I will fight you both together if you want ! I will fight you with one paw tie behind my back . I will fight you stand on one foot . mcs -- lion speak -- camera pan he to right to tin man -- dorothy in b.g . -- lion I will fight you with my eye close . oh -- pull a axe on I , eh? mcu -- tin man tremble -- ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) mcs -- lion speak -- camera pan he leave to scarecrow -- dorothy in b.g. watch -- pan lion to right to tin man -- lion sneak up on I , eh ? why ! ( snarl ) tin man here -- here . go ' way and let we alone ! lion oh , scared , huh ? cu -- dorothy look out from around tree -- react -- lion o.s. afraid , huh ? mcs -- lion and tin man -- lion speak and laugh -- camera pan he to leave to scarecrow -- dorothy in b.g . lion how long can you stay fresh in that can ? ( laugh ) come on -- get up and fight , you shiver junk yard ! put you hand up , you lop -side bag of hay ! cs -- scarecrow react -- speak -- scarecrow now that 's get personal , lion . mcu -- tin man look o.s. -- speak -- tin man yes -- get up and teach he a lesson . mcs -- scarecrow and lion -- dorothy in b.g. - - scarecrow well -- what 's -- wrong with you teach he ? mcu -- tin man react -- speak -- tin man well -- well -- , I hardly know he . cs -- toto bark -- cu -- lion snarl -- speak lion well , I will get you , anyway , pee - wee . cu -- dorothy react -- exit leave f.g. -- ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 3 ) ml -- lion and dorothy -- toto run into shrub -- lion start after he -- dorothy pick up toto -- come forward over to scarecrow and tin man -- camera pan leave as lion start for toto -- dorothy slap he hand -- he back away -- cry -- dorothy shame on you ! mcu -- lion -- camera shoot past dorothy at leave f.g. -- lion cry -- speak -- lion what -- what do you do that for ? I do not bite he . dorothy no , but you try to . cs -- dorothy and lion -- camera pull back -- scarecrow and tin man enter at leave -- dorothy speak to lion -- he cry and speak -- dorothy it 's bad enough pick on a straw man , but when you go around pick on poor little dog -- lion well , you do not have to go and hit I , do you ? be my nose bleed ? dorothy well , of course not . my goodness , what a fuss you be make . well , naturally , when you go around pick on thing weaker than you be -- why , you be nothing but a great big coward ! lion you be right -- I be a coward . mcu -- lion -- camera shoot past dorothy -- lion cry -- speak -- lion I have not any courage at all . I even scare myself . look at the circle under my eye . ms -- tin man -- scarecrow -- dorothy and lion -- they speak - - lion cry -- ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 4 ) lion I have not sleep in week . tin man why do not you try count sheep ? lion that do not do any good -- I be afraid of them . scarecrow oh , that 's too bad . do not you think the wizard could help he , too ? dorothy I do not see why not . why do not you come along with we ? we be on we way to see the wizard now . to get he a heart . tin man and he a brain . dorothy I be sure he could give you some courage . mcu -- lion -- camera shoot past dorothy -- lion well , would not you feel degrade to be see in the company of a cowardly lion ? I would . cs -- dorothy -- tin man and scarecrow -- camera shoot past lion at right f.g. -- dorothy no , of course not . mcs -- tin man -- dorothy -- scarecrow and lion -- lion gee , that 's -- that 's awfully nice of you . my life .... ml -- dorothy and Group -- dorothy put toto down -- lion sing as the four walk and dance along brick road to right -- camera truck with they -- lion ...has be simply unbearable . dorothy oh . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 5 ) lion ( sing ) yeh , it 's sad , believe I , missy when you be bear to be a sissy , without the vim and verve . but I could show my prowess -- be a lion not a mou-ess -- if I only have the nerve I be afraid there 's no denyin ' I be just a dande -lion -- a fate I do not deserve . I would be brave as a blizzard -- tin man ( sing ) I would be gentle as a lizard -- scarecrow ( sing ) I would be clever as a gizzard -- dorothy ( sing ) if the wizard be a wizard who will serve . cs -- tin man and scarecrow sing -- camera pan to right to dorothy and lion -- scarecrow ( sing ) then I be sure to get a brain -- tin man ( sing ) a heart -- dorothy ( sing ) a home -- lion ( sing ) the nerve . ml -- scarecrow -- tin man -- dorothy and lion sing as they dance forward along brick road -- camera truck ahead -- all ( sing ) oh , we be off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz . we hear he be a whiz of a wiz if ever a wiz there be .... ls -- dorothy -- lion -- tin man and scarecrow dance down brick road to b.g. -- all exit -- ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 6 ) all ( sing ) ... if ever , oh ever , a wiz there be the wizard of Oz be one because because , because , because , because , because because of the wonderful thing he do ! we be off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of Oz ! camera on Crystal -- the image of tin man -- dorothy -- scarecrow and lion in crystal as they march along arm in arm - - camera truck back show the witch and nikko look into crystal -- witch laugh -- camera pan she leave to table -- she mix poison -- camera pan she to right to Crystal -- she hold poison over the crystal -- wave she hand over it -- the image of group fade out -- poppy field fade in -- camera truck forward on Crystal -- witch a-hah ! ( laugh ) so ! you will not take warning , eh ? all the worse for you , then . I will take care of you now instead of later ! hah ! when I gain that ruby slipper , my power will be the great in Oz ! and now , my beauty ! something with poison in it , I think . with poison in it , but attractive to the eye -- and soothing to the smell ! ( laugh ) poppy ! poppy ! poppy ! lap dissolve to : ls -- poppy field -- camera pan up -- then pan leave over field -- to edge of forest -- dorothy -- scarecrow -- lion and tin man come forward out of forest -- mcs -- dorothy -- lion -- tin man and scarecrow all look o.s. -- dorothy speak -- dorothy there 's emerald .... els -- shoot over poppy field to tower of emerald City -- dorothy and Group in f.g. -- dorothy ... City ! oh , we be almost there at last ! at last ! mcs -- dorothy -- lion -- tin man and scarecrow -- they speak -- ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 7 ) dorothy it 's beautiful , be not it ? just like I know it would be . he really must be a wonderful wizard to live in a City like that ! lion well , come on , then . what be we wait for ? scarecrow nothing ! let 's hurry ! ls -- dorothy -- tin man -- scarecrow and lion run to b.g. through poppy field -- dorothy yes -- let 's run ! lion yes . ml -- tin man -- scarecrow -- dorothy and lion run forward through poppy field -- camera truck right -- ms -- tin man and scarecrow run through poppy -- camera truck right -- both gesture -- scarecrow come on -- come on -- tin man hurry -- hurry -- ms -- dorothy and lion run through poppy -- camera truck right -- ms -- dorothy run to right -- stagger a little - - slow down -- els -- scarecrow and tin man run forward through poppy field -- lion in b.g. -- dorothy enter in far b.g. -- scarecrow and tin man stop on hill -- call and gesture scarecrow oh ! oh , come on , come on ! tin man look -- you can see it here . it 's wonderful ! scarecrow emerald City ! ml -- dorothy run slowly to right -- camera pan she to lion -- tin man and scarecrow -- dorothy stagger -- put she hand to she head -- ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 8 ) dorothy oh -- oh -- what 's happen ? what be it ? mcu -- dorothy put she hand to she head -- speak -- dorothy I can not run anymore . I be so .... cs -- tin man and scarecrow -- dorothy o.s. ... sleepy . scarecrow here -- give we you hand , and we will pull you .... ml -- dorothy and Group -- scarecrow ...along . dorothy oh , no -- please . I have to rest for just a minute . toto ! cs -- toto lie among poppy -- dorothy o.s. where 's toto -- ml -- dorothy and Group -- dorothy lie down among the poppy -- scarecrow oh , you can not rest now -- we be nearly there ! mcu - lion yawn and speak - lion what do she -- do that for ? the image of lion - tin man - scarecrow and dorothy in Crystal - they speak - camera truck back show witch and nikko stand near crystal - witch laugh and speak - the image fade out - nikko exit - camera truck forward on witch - scarecrow hey , dorothy ! tin man dorothy ! lion dorothy ! ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 9 ) tin man dorothy ! you can not sleep here ! you can not sleep in the middle of a field ! witch ( laugh ) call away ! call away ! she will not hear any of you again ! and there 's nothing you can do about it , either . ( laugh ) bring I my wishing cap ! I will call the wing monkey to fetch I that slipper ! hurry ! hurry ! hurry ! hurry ! it work very smoothly ! lap dissolve to : ml -- lion -- tin man and scarecrow -- dorothy lie in poppy -- lion start to cry -- scarecrow speak -- hold the lion up -- lion drop as tin man and scarecrow start to pick up dorothy -- tin man ( cry ) oh - oh , poor dorothy ! scarecrow do not cry -- you will rust yourself again ! lion comin ' to think of it , forty wink would not be bad . scarecrow do not you start it , too ! tin man oh ! we ought to try and carry dorothy . scarecrow I do not think I could , but we could try . tin man let 's . scarecrow yes . tin man oh -- now look at he ! this be terrible ! ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 10 ) scarecrow here , tin man -- help I . cs -- dorothy as scarecrow try to lift she -- ml -- tin man and scarecrow -- dorothy and lion lie among poppy -- tin man and scarecrow react -- call for help -- scarecrow oh , this be terrible -- can not budge she a inch ! this be a spell , this be ! tin man it 's the wick witch ! what will we do ? help ! help ! scarecrow it 's no use scream at a time like this ! nobody will hear you ! help ! ls -- tin man and scarecrow on top of hill -- cry for help -- superimpose shot of the good witch as she wave wand -- snow start to fall -- scarecrow help -- help ! cs -- dorothy lie among poppy -- snow fall on she scarecrow o.s. help ! help ! ls -- tin man and scarecrow on top of hill -- superimpose shot of the good witch wave wand -- snow fall -- the superimposure fade out -- scarecrow o.s. look - it 's snow ! it be not snow . it could not be ! but it be ! no , it be not ! yes , it be ! oh , maybe that will help ! cs -- dorothy lie among poppy -- snow fall on she -- she open she eye -- scarecrow o.s . oh , but it could not help . mcs -- scarecrow look down o.s. -- snow fall -- camera pan as he kneel down to dorothy -- she waken -- sit up -- lion sit up in b.g. -- dorothy look o.s. to leave -- camera pan up to tin man -- then pull back -- dorothy jump up -- take oil can from basket -- they oil the tin man -- scarecrow it do help . dorothy , you be waking up ! dorothy oh -- lion oh -- unusual weather we be have , be not it ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 11 ) dorothy look ! he 's rusted again . oh , give I the oil can -- quick ! oh - oh , quick ! scarecrow yes -- there -- dorothy oh -- here quick -- oh ! - we will oil he up . mcs -- image of tin man -- dorothy -- scarecrow and lion in Crystal -- camera truck back show witch and nikko look into Crystal -- the witch react -- speak -- the image fade from Crystal -- scarecrow -- a hot water bottle would be good if we have one . dorothy oh , he 's be cry ! why have you be -- witch curse it ! curse it ! somebody always help that girl ! but shoe or no shoe , I be still great enough to conquer she . and woe to that who try to stop I ! lap dissolve to : ls -- dorothy -- lion -- scarecrow and tin man on hill in poppy field -- dorothy speak -- all react to voice sing - - the four of they come forward down hill -- dorothy come on -- let 's get out of here ! look -- emerald City be closer and prettier than ever ! voice o.s . you be out of the wood you be out of the dark you be out of the night step into the sun step into the light keep straight ahead for .... lap dissolve to : ml -- dorothy -- lion -- scarecrow and tin man arm in arm tramping to right -- camera truck right -- ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 12 ) voice ( sing ) ... the most glorious place -- lap dissolve to : ms -- int. Tower room -- the witch gesture with broomstick -- camera pan leave -- then right as she run around to window -- stand on sill -- speak -- then fly out -- witch to the emerald City -- as fast as lightning ! els -- the witch fly on broomstick -- camera pan as she circle tower -- then fly out leave -- lap dissolve to : ls -- Gate to emerald City -- dorothy -- lion -- tin man and scarecrow enter leave f.g. -- skip to b.g. to gate -- voice ( sing ) -- of the earth or the sky hold onto you breath hold onto you heart hold onto you hope -- March up to the gate and bid it open --- open --- open . ms -- dorothy -- tin man -- lion and scarecrow at gate -- they ring the bell -- cu -- doorman pop head through little window in door -- look down o.s. -- speak -- doorman who ring that bell ? ms -- dorothy and group at gate -- doorman at window -- he speak to the group -- they look around -- dorothy and other we do . doorman can not you read ? scarecrow read what ? doorman the notice ! 69 . dorothy and scarecrow what notice ? doorman it 's on the door -- as plain as the nose on my face ! it -- oh -- cu -- doorman react -- start out -- ms -- dorothy and group at door -- doorman disappear -- be - enter -- hang sign on door -- then exit -- close window - - dorothy and other read sign -- dorothy knock on door -- doorman re-enter -- speak to they -- dorothy and other " Bell out of order . please knock . " doorman well , that 's more like it . now , state you business ! dorothy and other we want to see the wizard . doorman ooooh ! the wizard ? but nobody can see the great Oz ! nobody 's ever see the great Oz ! even I have never see he ! dorothy well , then -- how do you know there be one ? cu -- doorman speak -- react -- start out -- doorman because he -- I -- oh , you be waste my time ! dorothy o.s . oh , please ! please .... cs -- dorothy -- tin man and lion -- dorothy speak dorothy ... sir. I have get to see the wizard ! the good witch of the North send I ! cu -- doorman look o.s. -- speak -- doorman prove it . ms -- dorothy and Group at door -- doorman at little window of door -- look down at they -- ( continued ) 70 . continued : scarecrow she 's wear the ruby slipper she give she . cu -- Ruby slipper on dorothy 's foot -- doorman o.s. oh .... cu -- doorman speak and gesture -- doorman ... so she be ! well , bust my button ! why do not you say that in the .... cs -- dorothy -- tin man and lion smile -- doorman o.s. ... first place ? that 's a horse .... cu -- doorman look down o.s. -- speak -- exit -- close window -- doorman ...of a different color ! come on in ! ls -- dorothy and Group at gate as it open -- people move about on street of Oz in b.g. -- cabby drive in from right -- camera truck forward -- dorothy and group go to cab -- cabby cabby ! cabby ! just what you be look for ! take you any place in the City , we do . ml -- cabby on seat of cab -- dorothy and Group stand alongside -- camera truck forward on cabby -- dorothy well , would you take we to see the wizard ? cabby the wizard ? the wizard ? I -- can not -- well -- yes , of course . but first I will take you to a little place where you can .... mcs -- dorothy -- lion -- tin man and scarecrow -- camera pull back as they climb into cab -- dorothy look at horse -- react -- speak to cabby -- camera truck back as cabby drive forward -- sing -- people wave to cabby -- cabby o.s. ... tidy up a bit -- what ? dorothy oh , thank you so much . we have be go such a long time , and we feel so mess -- what kind of a horse be that ? I have never see a horse like that before ! ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) cabby no -- and never will again , I fancy . there 's only one of he , and he 's it . he 's the horse of a different Color , you have hear tell about . ( sing ) ha -- ha -- ha -- Ho -- ho -- ho -- and a couple of tra -- la -- las . that 's how we laugh the day away in the merry Old land of oz. bzz -- bzz -- bzz -- chirp -- chirp -- chirp -- and a couple of la -- di .... ls -- cabby -- dorothy and group riding through street of Oz -- people gather around -- wave -- cabby ( sing ) ... das -- that 's how the cricket crick all day in the merry Old land of Oz ! we get up at twelve .... mcs -- cabby drive cab as he sing -- dorothy -- lion and other in cab -- crowd follow -- cabby ( sing ) ... and start to work at one take a hour for lunch .... ls -- cab move to right through Street of Oz -- crowd follow -- camera pan right -- cab stop -- dorothy and other get out -- camera truck forward as they exit into building -- sign above door read : wash &amp ; brush up CO . -- cabby ( sing ) ... and then at two we be do jolly good fun ! ha -- ha -- ha -- Ho -- ho -- ho -- and a couple of tra -- la -- las . that 's how we laugh the day away in the merry Old land of Oz ! ha -- ha -- ha -- Ho -- ho -- ho -- ha -- ha -- ha -- ha -- that 's how we laugh the day away with a ho -- ho - - ho ha -- ha -- ha in the merry Old land of oz! ml -- Three masseur fill the scarecrow with new straw -- they sing as they work -- camera truck back to leave show man polish the tin man -- they sing -- camera truck back show girl do dorothy 's hair -- they sing -- camera pan leave show girl clipping the lion -- all sing -- dorothy -- tin man and scarecrow -- lion rise -- the four of they start out -- camera pan leave -- ( continued ) 72 . continued : masseur ( sing ) Pat , pat here , Pat , pat there , and a couple of brand new strawz . that 's how we keep you young and fair in the merry Old land of Oz . polisher ( sing ) rub , rub here , rub , rub there , and whether you be tin or brahz . that 's how we keep you in repair in the merry Old land of Oz ! masseuse ( sing ) we can make a dimple smile out of a frown -- dorothy ( sing ) can you even dye my eye to match my gown ? masseuse uh-huh . dorothy jolly old town ! manicurist ( sing ) clip , clip here , clip , clip there . we give the roughest clawz lion that certain air of savoir faire in the merry Old land of Oz ! scarecrow ha -- ha -- ha -- tin man Ho -- ho -- ho dorothy Ho -- ho -- ho -- ho lion hah ! ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) all ( sing ) that 's how we laugh the day away in the merry Old land of Oz ! that 's how we laugh .... ls -- dorothy and Group come out into Street -- all sing -- camera truck back as they start forward -- dorothy look up to sky -- react -- all ( sing ) ... the day away -- ha -- ha -- ha -- ( etc . ) in the merry Old land of Oz ! ha -- ha -- ha -- Ho -- Ho - ho -- ms -- tin man -- scarecrow -- dorothy and lion -- crowd in b.g. -- all look up to sky -- they react - - lion who 's she ? who 's she ? dorothy it 's the witch ! she 's follow we here ! tin man can not that female take no for a answer ? dorothy oh -- cue voice s-u-r-r-e-n-d-e-r- dorothy or die ! W. W. W. cs -- two Oz woman look up to sky -- oz woman dorothy ? who 's dorothy ? mcs -- two Oz woman run to right -- camera pan -- oz woman the wizard will explain it ! cs -- man and woman look up to the sky -- man to the wizard ! mcs - Oz man speak -- other run through in b.g . -- man to the wizard ! ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 3 ) ms -- tin man -- scarecrow -- dorothy and lion react -- dorothy dear , whatever shall we do ? scarecrow well , we would better hurry if we be go to see the wizard ! ls -- dorothy and group run out at right -- crowd follow -- lap dissolve to : ls -- crowd of townsfolk move through Street of Oz - camera truck back -- ls -- crowd move to b.g. to step of Palace - - Guard on step -- speak and gesture -- guard here -- here -- here -- wait a minute ! wait a minute ! stop - stop - stop ! it 's all right ! ms - Guard speak and gesture -- camera truck forward guard every -- it 's all right ! everything be all right ! the great and powerful Oz have get matter well in hand - I hope -- so you can all go .... ls -- crowd in street in front of Palace -- Guard in f.g. -- speak to they -- guard ...home -- and there 's nothing to worry about . ml -- dorothy -- tin man -- scarecrow and lion make they way through crowd -- camera pan they to right to Guard on step -- guard o.s . get out of here now -- go on ! go on home -- I - I -- go home . ms -- dorothy -- tin man -- scarecrow and lion - - camera shoot past Guard at right f.g. -- dorothy if you please , sir . we want to see the wizard right away -- all four of we . ms -- Guard -- camera shoot past dorothy and Group in f.g. -- guard order be -- nobody can see the great Oz ! not nobody -- not nohow ! ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 4 ) ms - dorothy and Group - camera past Guard at sight f.g. - dorothy oh , but we must ! ms - Guard - camera past dorothy and Group in b.g. - Guard speak and gesture - guard order be - not nobody ! not nohow ! ms - dorothy and group - camera past Guard at right - guard he 's in conference with himself on account of this .... cs - Guard - camera shoot past dorothy - guard ... trouble with the witch . and even if he be not you would not have be able to see he anyway on account of nobody have - not even we in the Palace ! ms - dorothy - tin man - scarecrow and lion - camera shoot past Guard at right - dorothy oh , but -- but please . it 's very important . lion and -- and I get a permanent just for the occasion . guard not nobody ! not .... cu - horn inside of Guard 's cape - guard o.s . ... nohow ! cs - Guard - camera shoot past dorothy - guard pardon I . we have gotta change the guard . ms - Guard - camera shoot past dorothy and Group - camera pan right as Guard cross to sentry house - sentry house revolve - cs - Guard in sentry House - turn fake mustache upside down - ml - Guard step out of sentry house - camera pan leave as he come forward to dorothy and Group - camera truck forward - ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 5 ) guard now - what do you want ? dorothy and other we want to see the wizard . guard not nobody ! not .... ml -- dorothy and Group at leave -- Guard at right -- guard ... nohow ! tin man that 's what the other man say . scarecrow but she 's dorothy ! cs -- Guard react -- speak -- camera past dorothy and scarecrow in f.g. -- guard the witch 's dorothy ? well -- that make a difference . just wait here -- I will announce you at once . ms -- Guard shoulder he sword - camera pan he to right -- he exit into Palace -- at the Palace Gates -- mcs -- tin man , dorothy , scarecrow and the lion as they look o.s. to right , react -- they speak -- the lion move away from they and step up on the terrace garden -- camera boom forward to leave -- he start to sing -- scarecrow do you hear that ? he will announce we at once ! I have as good as get my brain ! tin man I can fairly hear my heart beat ! dorothy I will be home in time for supper ! lion in another hour , I will be King of the Forest . Long live the King ! ( sing ) if .... cs -- the lion sing -- ( continued ) 77 . continued : lion ( sing ) ... I be King of the Forest , not Queen , not Duke , not Prince .... ml -- the scarecrow , dorothy and tin man group about in front of the lion as he sing -- lion ( sing ) my regal robe of the forest .... cs -- lion sing -- gesture -- lion ( sing ) would be satin , and not cotton , and not chintz . I would command each thing , be it fish or fowl . mcu -- lion sing -- lion ( sing ) with a woof and a woof , and a royal growl . as .... ml -- scarecrow , dorothy and tin man listen to the lion -- lion ( sing ) ... I would click my heel all the tree would kneel and the mountain bow and the bull kowtow mcu -- lion -- gesture , grimace and sing -- lion ( sing ) and the sparrow would take wing ' F -- I ... 'f -- I ...were King ! ms - the Guard open the peep window of the door and look o.s. to f.g. - react to the song - camera truck forward on he - lion o.s. ( sing ) each rabbit would show respect to I . the chipmunk ... mcs -- lion continue with song -- gesture magnificently as he conclude -- lion ( sing ) ... genuflect to I . though my tail would lash I would show compash for every underl . ' F -- I ...'f -- I --- be King just King !.... ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) ms - lion stand in leave f.g. as he finish song - scarecrow , dorothy and tin man in front of he - they bow , then dance about as they sing - then kneel down - all ( sing ) each rabbit would show respect to he the chipmunk genuflect to he scarecrow and he wife would be Queen of the May . mcs - lion - lion I would be monarch of all I survey .... ls - scarecrow , dorothy and tin man bow -- then a carpet be roll down in front of the lion -- all come forward as the camera pull back -- dorothy act as flower girl -- they come forward to royal robe -- it be place on the lion , as they turn about , then start back to the throne -- the tin man crown the lion with a half of a flower pot -- lion ( sing ) monarch of all I survey .... mcu -- lion sing -- laugh -- speak -- lion ( sing ) mah -- hah -- hah -- hah -- hah -- hah -- hah -- hah -- hah -- ha -narch ! ( laugh ) of all I survey ! ml -- scarecrow , dorothy and tin man bow before the lion as he conclude -- dorothy kneel , speak -- lion move down from the terrace garden and come forward as the other question he -- camera truck back to right with they -- lion start up the Palace step -- dorothy you majesty , if you be king you would not be afraid of anything ? lion not nobody , not nohow ! tin man not even a rhinoceros ? lion imposserous ! ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 3 ) dorothy how about a hippopotamus ? lion why , I would thrash he from top to bottomamus ! dorothy supposin ' you meet a elephant ? lion I would wrap he up in cellophant ! scarecrow what if it be a brontosaurus ? lion I would show he who be King of the fore ' ! all how ? lion how ? mcu -- lion explain -- lion courage ! what make a King out of a slave ? courage ! ml -- lion explain to scarecrow , tin man and dorothy lion what make the flag on the mast to wave ? courage ! cu - the Guard stick he head out of the peep window in the gate - look o.s. to f.g. - camera truck forward on he - lion o.s . what make the elephant charge he tusk in the misty .... mcu -- lion -- lion ... mist , or the dusky dusk ? what make the muskrat guard he musk ? courage ! ml -- scarecrow , tin man and dorothy listen to the lion -- lion what make the sphinx the seventh wonder ? courage ! ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 4 ) what make the dawn come up like thunder ? courage ! what make the hottentot so hot ? what put the " ape " in apricot ? what have they get that I be not get ? mcs -- shoot past the lion to the scarecrow , dorothy and tin man -- they all speak -- all courage ! mcu -- lion speak , then react -- lion you can say that again ! hah . huh !? ms -- tin man , dorothy and scarecrow stand in front of lion -- all react as the Guard come forward from b.g. -- roar at they -- then enter the palace -- camera truck forward as dorothy begin to cry -- the other try to comfort she -- guard go on home ! the wizard say go away ! all go away ? dorothy oh -- scarecrow look like we come a long way for nothing . dorothy oh -- and I be so happy ! I think I be on my way home ! tin man do not cry , dorothy ! cu -- the Guard look out through the peep window to o.s. f.g. - camera truck forward -- tin man o.s . we be go to get you to the wizard . scarecrow o.s . we certainly be ! how ? how be we ? cs -- tin man , lion and scarecrow group about dorothy - lion and scarecrow speak -- dorothy speak as she sob -- lion would ... would it do any good if I roar ? scarecrow who at ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 5 ) lion I do not know . dorothy auntie em be so good to I -- and I never appreciate it . running away -- and hurt she feeling . cu -- dorothy sob , then speak to the other o.s . -- dorothy Professor Marvel say she be sick . she may be die -- and -- and it 's all my fault ! cu -- the Guard , with stream of tear pour down he cheek -- cu -- dorothy sobbing -- dorothy oh , I will never forgive myself ! never -- never -- never ! ms -- the Guard look out window -- he sob -- speak -- camera pull back to enter dorothy and she three friend -- the Guard exit from the window -- dorothy and the other rise as the gate to palace open - a long corridor see in b.g. -- they start cautiously forward down it -- camera truck forward -- guard oh , oh -- please do not cry any more . I will get you into the wizard somehow . come on . I have a aunt em myself once . int. corridor -- ms -- camera truck back ahead of the scarecrow , lion , dorothy and tin man as they come forward -- they stop at interval , keep the lion from run back -- then they tip - toe forward -- react to echo -- lion wait a minute , fella . I be just thinkin' . I really do not want to see the wizard this much . I better wait for you outside . scarecrow what 's the matter ? tin man oh , he 's just ascare again . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 6 ) dorothy do not you know the wizard 's go to give you some courage ? lion I would be too scared to ask he for it . dorothy oh , well , then -- we will ask he for you . lion I would sooner wait outside . dorothy but why ? why ? lion because I be still scared ! dorothy oh , come on . lion ohh ! scarecrow what happen ? lion somebody pull my tail . scarecrow oh , you do it yourself ! lion I -- oh -- scarecrow here -- come on . lion what be that ? dorothy we echo . oz's voice tap - tap - tap - tap - what be that - that - that ? we echo - echo - echo . ml - the lion start to bolt , but the other grab he - dorothy speak as they face down corridor to b.g. - Voice of Oz hear - ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 7 ) dorothy oh , come on - come on ! we will soon find the wizard ! oz's voice the wizard - the wizard - the great and powerful wizard of Oz - Oz - Oz - Oz - Oz - Oz - Oz - Oz ! els -- shoot down the corridor to the door at the end -- they open as the voice of Oz boom out -- oz's voice the great wizard of oz. come forward ! ms -- scarecrow , lion , dorothy and tin man come forward - the lion speak , hide he eye -- lion tell I when it 's over ! oh ! els -- the four move down the corridor to the b.g. -- ls -- int. throne room -- the four enter through door at leave -- camera pan they right as they move toward center of room -- they react as they see the throne in the b.g. -- flame and smoke belching forth from the throne -- lion oh ! look at that ! look at that ! oh -- ohhhh -- I want to go home -- I want to go home ! ls -- throne -- fire and smoke issue forth -- oz's voice I be Oz , the great and powerful ! ml -- the four tremble and shaking with fear -- oz's voice who be you ? ls -- throne -- oz's voice who be you ? ml -- the four react with fear -- the other shove dorothy forward -- she come forward , speak -- dorothy I -- if you please , I - I be dorothy , ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 8 ) mcu -- dorothy -- speak , look back at the other -- dorothy ... the small and meek . we have come to ask you -- els -- throne -- flame and smoke pour out -- oz's voice silence ! mcu -- dorothy react , turn and run back to the other -- ml -- dorothy return to the other three -- speak - dorothy ohhh -- jiminy cricket ! els -- throne -- oz's voice the great and powerful Oz know why you have come . step forward , .... ml -- the four -- the tin man shake , speak - come wobble forward -- oz's voice ... tin man ! tin man ohhhh -- it 's I ! ls - throne -- oz's voice you dare to come to I for a heart , do you ? you clinking , clanking , clatter collection of caliginous .... mcu -- tin man tremble with fear -- he speak , then react as the Voice boom out -- turn to run -- oz's voice ... junk ! tin man ohhhh -- yes ...yes , sir -- y- yes , you honor . you see , a while back , we be walk down the yellow Brick Road , and -- oz's voice quiet ! tin man ohhhhhh ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 9 ) ls -- the tin man run back to dorothy , lion and the scarecrow as flame pour from the throne in b.g. -- the Voice speak -- the scarecrow almost collapse -- then move forward and salaam in front of the throne -- oz's voice and you , scarecrow , have the effrontery to ask for a brain ? ml -- scarecrow kneel in f.g. as the other three watch from the b.g. -- he speak -- salaam -- oz's voice you billow bale of bovine fodder ! scarecrow y- yes -- yes , you honor -- I mean , you excellency -- I -- I mean -- you wizardry ! ls -- throne -- oz's voice enough ! ml -- scarecrow rise , run back to lion , tin man and dorothy -- oz's voice ... uh -- and you , .... ls -- throne -- oz's voice ... lion ! ml -- scarecrow , dorothy , lion and tin man -- the lion groan with fear as he come slowly forward -- dorothy and scarecrow oh -- oh -- ohhhh ! ls -- throne -- mcu -- lion try to speak -- faint and fall back -- ml -- the lion fall to the floor -- dorothy and the other run forward to he -- dorothy oh -- oh -- oh !.... mcs -- scarecrow and dorothy bend over lion -- dorothy react , turn and speak as she look toward the throne o.s. in f.g. -- dorothy ... you ought to be ashamed of yourself -- frightening he like that , when he come to you for help ! ( continued ) 86 . continued : els -- throne -- oz's voice silence !.... ml -- the four -- dorothy and scarecrow sit down as they react to Oz 's Voice -- oz's voice ... whippersnapper ! ml -- throne -- oz's voice the beneficent Oz have every intention of granting .... mcs -- scarecrow and dorothy bend over lion -- the lion revive , sit up , speak -- dorothy start to pull he up -- oz's voice ... you request ! lion what 's that ? what would he say ? dorothy oh -- oh , come on . lion huh ? what would he say ? ms -- dorothy help the lion to he foot -- the four of they listen as Oz speak -- oz's voice but first , you must prove yourselves worthy by perform a very small task . ls -- throne -- oz's voice bring I the broomstick of the witch ... ms -- the four , tremble with fear -- the tin man speak -- oz's voice ...of the West . tin man b-b-b-b-b - but if we do that , we will have to kill she to get it ! ls -- throne -- ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) oz's voice bring I she broomstick , and I will grant you request . ms - the tremble four -- the lion start to speak -- oz's voice now , go ! lion but -- but what if she kill we first ? oz's voice ... I .... ml -- throne -- oz's voice ... say , - go ! ms -- the four -- the lion jump with fright -- ls -- the four stand in front of the throne in b.g. -- camera pan leave with the lion as he run out of the throne room and into the corridor -- els -- shoot down the length of the corridor -- the lion come run forward toward camera -- camera pan leave with he as he dive through window to exit - - fade out : fade in -- trucking shot of weird tree of the haunted Forest -- pan down to sign post -- haunted forest witch castle mile i'd turn back if I be you ! lap dissolve to : ls -- dorothy -- scarecrow -- tin man and lion walk through forest -- they walk forward -- camera truck ahead of they -- they stop -- look at the sign post -- mcs -- dorothy -- scarecrow -- lion and tin man look at sign -- lion read -- nod -- turn to b.g . ( continued ) 88 . continued : -- tin man and scarecrow stop he -- the other shake they head -- camera truck back as they walk forward again -- lion growl -- they react to noise o.s . -- lion " I would turn back if I be you . " ( growl ) cs -- two owl on limb of tree -- ms -- dorothy -- scarecrow -- lion and tin man react -- lion run to b.g. -- scarecrow and tin man catch he -- carry he forward -- he cry -- cs -- two crow on limb of tree -- ms - dorothy and group - they speak - lion hand spray to dorothy - scarecrow take the spray - throw it o.s. right - tin man from now on , we be on enemy ground . you should have something to protect yourself with . lion she - she can have my witch remover . dorothy do it work ? lion no , but it 's wonderful for threaten with . dorothy oh -- scarecrow oh , here - give I that thing ! ml - spray hit the ground - then vanish - ms - dorothy and Group react - speak - net fly out of lion 's hand - all react - scarecrow oh , do - do you see that ? tin man oh - look out . scarecrow you know something ? mcu -- lion and scarecrow -- scarecrow I believe they be spook around here . mcu -- dorothy and tin man -- ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) tin man that 's ridiculous ! spook -- that 's .... mcu -- lion and scarecrow -- tin man o.s. ... silly . lion do not you believe in spook ? ms -- dorothy and group -- tin man go up out of scene -- other react -- tin man no . why only -- oh -- dorothy oh ! oh , tin man ! oh ! ls -- dorothy -- lion and scarecrow watch tin man -- he fall to ground in f.g. -- dorothy and scarecrow run forward - - help he up -- dorothy oh -- oh -- scarecrow oh -- be you -- be you all right ? cs -- lion , he eye close tight -- speak -- lion I do believe in spook , I do believe in spook . I do -- I do -- I do -- I do -- I do -- I .... ms -- image of lion in Crystal -- witch and wing monkey look into crystal -- image of lion fade out -- camera pan leave as witch run around -- go to wing monkey -- she speak to they -- camera truck forward -- wing monkey fly out -- other fly through in b.g. -- camera truck back -- lion ... do believe in spook . I do believe in spook ! I do -- I do -- I do -- I do -- I do -- I do ! witch ( laugh ) you will believe in more than that before I have finish with you . take you army to the haunted Forest , and bring I that girl and she dog ! do what you like with the other , but I want she alive and unharme ! ( more ) ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 3 ) witch ( cont 'd ) they will give you no trouble , I promise you that . I have send a little insect on ahead to take the fight out of they . take special care of that ruby slipper . I want that most of all . now , fly ! fly ! bring I that girl and she slipper ! fly ! fly ! fly ! lap dissolve to : ls - dorothy - scarecrow - tin man and lion walk forward through haunted Forest - lion yell - mcu - lion growl - jitterbug on he nose - he look down at it - speak - camera truck back - tin man slap the bug away - lion what 's that ? what 's that ? take it away - take it away - take it away ! ( cry ) tin man hold still - hold still -- ml - scarecrow - dorothy - tin man and lion - dorothy jump as jitterbug bite she leg - tin man speak - all start forward - tin man yell - dorothy take bug off he neck - bug bite scarecrow - he jump in the air - fall to ground - jump up again - camera pan the four to right - they react to quivering tree and noise - camera truck back - dorothy and other tremble and move about as they sing - dorothy oh ! something bit I , too ! tin man now come on - you be act silly -- ( yell ) scarecrow oh , come on now - everybody -- ( yell ) dorothy ( sing ) do you just hear what I just hear ? lion ( sing ) that noise do not come from no ordinary bird . dorothy it may be just a cricket or a critter in the tree . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 4 ) tin man it 's give I the jitter in the joint around my knee . cs - scarecrow and tin man - camera pan to right to lion and dorothy - each sing - scarecrow oh , I think I see a jijik and he 's fuzzy and he 's furry I have not get a brain but I think I ought to worry ! tin man I have not get a heart but I get a palpitation . lion as monarch of the Forest I do not like the situation . dorothy be you gonna stand around and let them fill we full of horror ? lion I would like to roar them down -- but I think I lose my roarer . ls - dorothy - lion - scarecrow and tin man run around - the tree quivering - ms - scarecrow - tin man - lion and dorothy huddle together - look o.s . - tin man it 's a whozis . scarecrow it 's a whozis ? lion it 's a whatzis . tin man it 's a whatzis ? lion whozat ? tin man whozat ? scarecrow whozat ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 5 ) mcs - scarecrow - tin man - lion and dorothy - dorothy step forward - sing - camera pan right as she dance back near lion - dorothy whozat ? who 's that hide in the tree top ? it 's that rascal the jitter bug . should you catch he buzzin ' round you keep away from the jitter bug ! oh , the bat .... ms - scarecrow - tin man - lion and dorothy - dorothy sing - camera pan - truck back as all dance - dorothy ... and the bee and the breeze in the tree have a terrible , horrible buzz . but the bat and the bee and the breeze in the tree could not do what the jitter bug do . so be careful of that rascal keep away from -- scarecrow - tin man and lion -- the jitter bug ! oh , the jitter - oh , the bug oh , the jitter - all bug-bug-a-bug-bug-bug-bug-bug-a-boo! ms - lion run over by tree - tree catch hold of lion 's tail - scarecrow run in - release lion - tree grab scarecrow - he finally get free - camera pan leave as scarecrow run over to dorothy hold by another tree - tin man start to chop at tree - limb of tree hit he over the head - tin man stagger - throw axe o.s. - lion enter - camera truck as the four dance - all in a twitter in the throes scarecrow oh , the critter 's get I dancin ' on a thousand toe . tin man thar she blow ! ( continued ) 93 . continued : ls - dorothy and Group dance - tree of the forest move in rhythm - ms - lion and tin man dance - cs - lion and tin man dance - ls - tin man - lion - dorothy and scarecrow dance - ml - the four dance - els - the army of wing monkey fly over haunted Forest - ml - dorothy and Group dance - look up o.s. - react - els -- the army of wing monkey fly over haunted Forest -- ml -- dorothy and Group react -- run to b.g. -- ls -- the wing monkey fly down into forest -- camera pan right as they fly down near dorothy and group run to b.g. -- ls -- the wing monkey landing -- run out at right -- els -- shoot down as the wing monkey land -- dorothy and group exit far b.g. -- ls - - the wing monkey capture the group -- dorothy run out right -- ml -- the wing monkey run after dorothy -- camera pan right -- ls -- dorothy run forward -- two wing monkey after she -- they exit right f.g. -- ml -- tin man swinging axe at the wing monkey -- tin man go away now ! ml -- wing monkey tromping on the scarecrow -- scarecrow help ! help ! ms - lion in center of group of monkey - he double he fist - speak - monkey in tree hit he over the head with axe - lion why , I will -- foul ! foul ! ls -- two wing monkey run to b.g. with dorothy - they swoop up into the air -- exit upper b.g. -- mcs -- toto run forward -- look up o.s. -- bark -- els -- two wing monkey carry dorothy -- Flying to right over haunt forest -- mcs -- toto bark -- wing monkey pick he up -- camera pan right as he fly out with toto -- els -- Army of wing monkey fly to right over the haunted Forest -- ml -- the wing monkey tear scarecrow apart -- scarecrow yell -- the wing monkey exit right -- tin man and lion enter -- camera truck forward on they as lion and tin man try to put scarecrow together -- scarecrow help ! help ! help ! help ! help ! tin man oh ! well , what happen to you ? ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) scarecrow they tore my leg off , and they throw they over there ! then they take my chest out , and they throw it over there ! tin man well , that 's you all over . lion they sure knock the stuffing out of you , do not they ? scarecrow do not stand there talk ! put I together ! we have get to find dorothy ! tin man now , let ' 's see -- this go -- oh , I wish I be better at puzzle . lion wait a minute . this be the leave one . he walk bad enough already . tin man oh , poor dorothy . we may never see she again . scarecrow who do you suppose they be ? and where do they take she ? a fine thing - to go to piece at a time like this ! tin man now , now , do not fret . scarecrow oh , dear , dear . tin man we will get you together ! lap dissolve to : cs -- toto in witch 's lap -- camera truck back -- witch rise -- nikko stand at right -- witch put toto in basket -- dorothy at leave f.g. cry -- witch turn to dorothy -- speak to she -- nikko carry toto to b.g. -- dorothy go over to nikko -- witch what a nice little dog ! and you , my dear . what a unexpected pleasure ! ( more ) ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 3 ) witch ( cont 'd ) it 's so kind of you to visit I in my loneliness . mcs -- dorothy react -- turn -- speak to witch -- camera truck forward on they -- camera pan leave as witch cross to nikko -- speak to he -- dorothy what be you go to do with my dog ? give he back to I ! witch all in good time , my little pretty -- all in good time . dorothy oh , please give I back my dog ! witch certainly -- certainly -- when you give I that slipper . dorothy but the good witch of the North tell I not to . witch very well ! throw that basket in the river and drow he ! ml -- dorothy cry -- speak to witch -- then step up on step -- witch look down at slipper on dorothy 's foot -- dorothy no ! no -- no ! here -- you can have you old slipper -- but give I back toto . witch that 's a good little girl . I know you would see reason . cs -- slipper on dorothy 's foot -- the hand of the witch reach in -- begin to tremble -- cs -- witch jump back -- dorothy react -- witch look at she -- hand -- witch ahh ! ah ! dorothy I be sorry . I do not do it ! can I still have my dog ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 4 ) witch no ! fool , that I be ! I should have remember -- that slipper will never come off , as long as ... cu -- dorothy react -- speak -- witch o.s. ... you be alive . dorothy what be you gonna do ? cu - witch look up o.s. - speak - witch what do you think I be go to do ? but that 's not what 's worry I -- it 's how to do it . this thing must be do delicately .... cs -- toto stick he head out of basket -- witch o.s. ... or you hurt the spell . ms -- witch and dorothy -- nikko stand by table in b.g. -- toto jump out of basket -- run out door in b.g. -- dorothy speak to toto -- witch turn on nikko -- he run out in b.g . -- dorothy run , toto , run ! witch catch he , you fool ! ls -- toto run forward down step -- nikko after he -- camera pan down to leave with toto -- ms -- dorothy at window -- look down o.s . -- witch come forward to she -- ml -- toto run forward over drawbridge as bridge start up -- cs -- toto on edge of drawbridge -- look down o.s . -- ml -- toto on edge of drawbridge -- Guards run forward -- carry spear -- toto jump -- ( Guards yell ) ms -- toto jump down among rock -- dorothy o.s. run , toto , run ! ml -- Guards throw spear o.s. -- all yell -- ml -- toto run to b.g. -- spear fall around he -- toto run up among rock in b.g. -- dorothy o.s. run , toto , run ! mcu -- dorothy cry -- speak -- dorothy he get away ! he get away ! mcs -- dorothy and witch -- camera truck forward on they - witch speak to dorothy -- camera truck as witch hurry to b.g. -- witch ohhh ! which be more than you will ! drat you and you dog ! ( more ) ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 5 ) witch ( cont 'd ) you have be more trouble to I than you be worth , one way or another -- but it will soon be over now ! mcs -- witch pick up huge hour glass -- turn it over -- speak -- witch do you see that ? that 's how much longer you have get to be alive ! and it be not .... cu -- dorothy cry -- witch o.s. ... long , my pretty ! it be not long ! cs -- witch look o.s. -- speak -- camera pan as she run to b.g . -- witch I can not wait forever to get that shoe ! cu -- dorothy cry -- exit leave -- ms -- dorothy -- camera pan she leave -- she cross -- look at hour glass -- cu -- hour Glass - lap dissolve to : els - toto jump down rocky edge of mountain - ( toto bark ) lap dissolve to : ml - toto run forward - look o.s. - bark - exit leave f.g. - ms -- ext. haunted Forest -- the lion and the tin man put the scarecrow back together -- they speak -- then react , look off to right as they hear toto bark o.s . tin man there . now , that 's the best we can do without any pin . lion yeah -- scarecrow oh , do not worry about I . I be all right . we must worry about dorothy . tin man but how can we find she ? we do not even know where she be . look ! there 's .... ls -- toto come run forward through forest -- camera pan he leave to the tin man , lion and scarecrow -- tin man o.s. ... toto ! where 's he come from ? cu -- toto bark at the three o.s. in f.g. -- cs -- lion , scarecrow and tin man react , speak -- ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 6 ) scarecrow why , do not you see ? he 's come to take we .... ml -- the tin man , scarecrow and lion react , rise -- toto bark , lead they as they run down trail to right b.g. -- camera pan with they -- scarecrow ...to dorothy ! tin man oh -- scarecrow come on , fellow ! lap dissolve to : int . Tower room -- Close on the hour glass on the table -- camera pull back to reveal dorothy stand by the table as she watch the sand run through the glass -- she look about desperately -- lap dissolve to : els -- the tin man , scarecrow and lion make they way over rocky hillside -- toto bark as he wait for they lap dissolve to : cu -- toto make he way over top of the rock -- bark -- exit out to right -- ms -- the lion , tin man and scarecrow struggle up the rock -- the tin man slip -- els -- the tin man slip off the side of the rock -- hang to the lion 's tail to keep from fall -- the scarecrow try to help he -- lion oh -- oh -- oh -- I .... ms -- the tin man hang to lion 's tail -- they speak -- scarecrow try to get up to help they both -- lion ... I -- I -- I hope my strength hold out . tin man I hope you tail hold out . oh -- lap dissolve to : ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 7 ) cu - the hour Glass - more sand in the bottom - mcs - in. Tower room - dorothy watch the hour glass - camera pan with she as she run to the door , try it - then run to another door - find that lock , also - camera truck forward slightly as she sob , then turn and come slowly forward as the camera pull back to leave with she - she begin to sing - camera pan she right as she sit , sobbing , by the crystal of the witch - dorothy ( sing ) someday , I will wake and rub my eye and in that land beyond the sky you will find I ---- cu -- toto make he way over the top of the rock and exit out to right -- the lion 's head appear , follow by that of the tin man and scarecrow -- they look o.s. to f.g. -- lion point , speak -- lion what 's that ? what 's that ? mcu -- tin man , lion and scarecrow peer over the rock , they speak -- lion react as he watch down o.s. to f.g. -- scarecrow o.s . that 's the castle of the wick witch ! dorothy 's in that awful place ! tin man oh , I hate to think of she in there . we have get to get she out . ( cry ) scarecrow do not cry now . we have not get the oil - can with we and you have be squeaking enough as it be . lion who 's they ? who 's they ? els -- the witch 's winkie march about in the Castle courtyard -- mcu -- tin man , lion and scarecrow peer over the rock -- they speak -- the lion try to turn back , but other grab he , push he forward -- scarecrow I have get a plan how to get in there . lion Fine . he 's get a plan ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 8 ) scarecrow and you be go to lead we . lion yeah . I ? scarecrow yes , you . lion I -- I -- I -- I -- gotta get she outta there ? scarecrow that 's right . lion all right , I will go in there for dorothy -- wick witch or no wick witch -- guard or no guard -- I will tear them apart . ( growl ) I may not come out alive , but I be go in there . there 's only one thing I want you fellow to do . scarecrow and tin man what 's that ? lion talk I out of it . tin man no , you do not . scarecrow oh , no ! lion no ? now , wait a minute . tin man you do not neither -- scarecrow up ! lion now ... lap dissolve to : ( continued ) 101 . continued : cu -- hour glass -- cs -- int. Tower room -- dorothy sobbing against the witch 's throne -- she cry out -- camera pull back to right to enter the crystal -- auntie em 's image appear as she call for dorothy -- dorothy react , look into the crystal -- auntie em fade out and the witch fade in -- she mock dorothy -- camera truck forward to cu of witch , then up to left to dorothy as she draw away from the crystal -- sob -- dorothy I be frighten , I be frighten , auntie em -- I be frighten ! auntie em dorothy -- dorothy -- where be you ? it 's I -- it 's auntie em . we be try to find you . where be you ? dorothy I -- I be here in Oz , auntie em . I be lock up in the witch 's castle .... and I be try to get home to you , auntie em ! oh , auntie em , do not go away ! I be frighten ! come back ! come back ! witch auntie em -- auntie em -- come back ! I will give you auntie em , my pretty ! ( laugh ) lap dissolve to : ms -- lion , scarecrow and tin man and lion move along among the rock -- they stop -- camera start forward -- cu -- toto bark -- mcs -- scarecrow quiet toto -- then camera pan up over the scarecrow , lion and tin man as three winkie Guards appear over the rock in b.g. -- camera boom back as they start forward toward the three , who be whisper together -- scarecrow sssh -- toto -- be quiet -- ( etc . ) mcs -- scarecrow , lion and tin man whisper together -- the lion look around , see the winkie in back of they -- camera boom back as the lion try to speak -- but be speechless with fright -- the Guards jump forward , seize the three and they disappear behind the rock -- leg and arm see as they fight -- cu -- hour Glass -- ml - int. Tower room -- dorothy try to open one of the door -- camera truck forward -- mcs -- tin man , scarecrow and lion enter up from behind the rock -- all be dress in winkie Guard uniform - they speak - ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 2 ) scarecrow whew ! that be not my plan - but something happen , do not it ? tin man you put up a great fight , lion . scarecrow yeah -- tin man I do not know what we would have do without you . lion hah . I - I must have bitten you a couple of time . ml -- winkie Guards march about in the Castle courtyard -- mcs -- lion , tin man and scarecrow watch from the rock -- they speak -- come forward behind the rock as the camera truck back with they -- scarecrow come on -- I have get another idea . lion do -- do you think it will be polite -- drop in like this ? tin man come on -- come on . ls -- the winkie march into the castle -- the tin man , lion and scarecrow join the end of the line , the lion in the rear -- as they march toward the castle , the lion have trouble keep he tail under the uniform -- camera truck forward as they enter the castle , toto follow -- the drawbridge be pull up -- ls - int. entrance Hall of Castle - camera shoot down from high set - up as the winkie march into the hall - camera boom down on the file to scarecrow , the tin man , and the lion , who be at the end of the file cu - hour Glass - mcs - int. Tower room - dorothy seat on step near the crystal - she sob - int. hallway -- ls -- the lion , scarecrow and tin man duck back into a recess in the wall -- the rest of the winkie continue on to exit -- tin man where do we go now ? lion yeah . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 3 ) cs -- toto bark on step -- he turn , start up they cs -- lion , tin man and scarecrow -- scarecrow point o.s. , speak - - he exit -- scarecrow there ! ls -- toto run up the stair from the hall as the lion , scarecrow and tin man run forward from b.g. and start up the stair after toto -- Upper hallway -- ls -- toto run in from leave -- camera pan right slightly as he run to door and start to scratch at it -- the three rescuer enter -- camera truck forward as they speak -- scarecrow wait ! we would better make sure . dorothy , be you in there ? ms -- int. Tower room -- dorothy stand by window -- she react to hearing lion o.s . -- camera pan , truck with she as she run to the door -- yell -- lion o.s . it 's we ! dorothy yes , it 's I ! she 's lock I in ! mcs - dorothy at door - she speak to the other o.s . - dorothy oh , I know you would get here in time ! mcs -- int. hallway -- the lion speak to scarecrow and tin man as they move excitedly about -- lion listen , fellow . it 's she . we gotta get she out ! open this door ! cs - int. Tower room - dorothy stand by door - she react as she hear the three outside the door - lion o.s . open the door ! open .... mcs - the three outside the door push about madly - then stop they effort at the door as the scarecrow and tie man bawl out the lion - he pout - lion ... the door ! open the door ! open the door ! open the door ! open the door ! tin man do not push ! scarecrow stop push ! ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 4 ) lion oh - I be only try to help . ohhh ! cs -- int. Tower room -- dorothy at door -- she plead to the three on the outside -- look o.s. to hour glass -- dorothy oh , hurry -- please hurry ! cu -- hour Glass -- very little sand leave in the top -- dorothy o.s . the hour glass be almost emp -.... cs -- dorothy at door -- she speak to that on other side -- dorothy ...ty ! tin man o.s. stand back ! ms - int. hallway - the lion , tin man and scarecrow remove they winkie outfit - tin man start to chop in the door - cs -- int. room -- dorothy step back from the door as it be chop in -- camera pan right -- ms -- int. hallway -- the tin man chopping the door down mcs - - int. room -- dorothy anxiously watch -- she look at the hour glass o.s . -- cu -- hour glass -- not much sand remain -- mcs -- dorothy react -- ml - int. hallway - scarecrow and lion in f.g. watch as the tin man break the door in - mcs -- int. room -- dorothy react , rush to leave - - camera pan -- ml -- int. hallway -- dorothy rush out the door of room -- greet the tin man , lion , scarecrow and toto -- camera truck forward -- they rush out to leave -- pan leave -- dorothy oh -- oh -- oh! toto -- toto ! lion do they hurtcha ? dorothy lion , darling -- I know you would come ! tin man dorothy ! dorothy I know you would ! scarecrow hurry -- we have get no time to lose ! ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 5 ) int . entrance Hall -- camera shoot up from side of stair - - ls -- dorothy , lion , tin man , and scarecrow enter at top of stair -- camera pan with they as they run down the stair -- they rush toward the entrance , but the huge door swing shut in front of they -- ms -- the four hammer at the door -- then react , turn and look up to right f.g. as the witch speak o.s . -- camera truck forward -- dorothy oh ! witch o.s . go so soon ? I would not .... cs -- witch and nikko look down from the top of stair -- witch ... hear of it . why , my little par -.... mcs -- scarecrow , tin man , dorothy and the lion by the door -- witch o.s. ... ty 's just beginning ! ml -- witch and nikko at top of stair -- she laugh -- camera pan down to reveal the winkie rush into the entrance hall -- mcs -- scarecrow , tin man , dorothy and lion huddle by door -- the lion speak - - lion trapped ! trapped like mouse -- er -- rat ! ml - the winkie advance - mcs - the four huddle by door - tin man speak to lion , who try to roar - tin man go ahead - do something ! roar ! roar ! mcs - the winkie Guards advance with a menace roar - mcs - the four huddle against door - the lion react , speak - lion what good will it do we ? els -- shoot down from the top of the hall , past the witch on landing in f.g. to the winkie advance to the four huddle against the door -- the winkie roar -- cs -- witch and nikko look down from the top of stair -- she yell down to she winkie -- witch that 's right . do not hurt they right away . we will let .... mcu - dorothy back against the door - toto in she arm - tear flow down she cheek - witch o.s. ... they think about it a little , first ! ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 6 ) ms -- the winkie growl as they shove out they spear cu -- toto in dorothy 's arm -- he growl at the winkie o.s . -- cu -- scarecrow look up o.s. -- witch o.s . how do it feel .... ms -- what the scarecrow see : camera pan up along the rope that hold the huge candelabra up over the hall -- witch o.s. ... my little visitor ? cu -- scarecrow look about up o.s. -- camera pan , pull back as he step over to where the rope be fastened to the wall -- witch o.s . can you imagine what I be go to do to you ? mcs -- the witch pick up the hour glass - - hurl it down o.s. as she laugh -- els -- full shot of the entrance hall as the hour glass crash to the floor below -- burst into a cloud of flame and smoke -- lion o.s . here we go , boy ! mcs - the scarecrow seize the tin man 's axe and chop the candelabra rope with it -- dorothy oh ! els -- High angle from above the candelabra as the huge chandelier crash down on the winkie below -- dorothy oh ! cs -- the witch scream down to she winkie -- witch seize .... ml -- shoot past the winkie in the f.g. as they struggle under the candelabra to the scarecrow , lion , tin man and dorothy as they run out of hall -- camera pan leave -- witch o.s. ... they ! stop they , you fool ! ml -- the witch rush forward down the stair -- yell at she winkie -- camera pan she down the stair , then she lead the winkie out of the hall -- witch they have get away ! stop they ! stop they ! int. corridor -- as the witch and winkie pass out of shot , dorothy and she friend peer out from behind a recess , then run back into the hall as they exit leave ls - the four rush back into the hall - camera truck back to leave - they look about - the scarecrow speak - scarecrow it 's no use try the door again ! which room be it ? ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 7 ) ml - the winkie run back through the corridor - ml - dorothy , scarecrow , lion , tin man react as they hear the winkie approach - camera pan leave as they start up the stair - lion they be come back ! dorothy ohhh ! scarecrow oh - upstairs , quickly ! tin man go on ! ml -- the witch come run back into the hall -- she winkie right behind she -- she give they order -- the Guards separate -- witch there they go ! ah -- now we have get they ! half you go that way -- half you go that way ! els -- camera shoot up to the lion , tin man and scarecrow just disappear at the top of stair -- witch o.s. hurry ! hurry ! go! ml - the witch hit she Guards with she broomstick in a effort to speed they up - camera pan leave slightly as they rush up the stair - witch go! go! ( etc . ) els -- ext. battlement -- scarecrow , dorothy , lion and tin man run down the step from the tower in the b.g. -- they run along the battlement to exit leave -- ls -- the foursome run forward along battlement -- they stop -- yell -- then camera boom right with they as they run along toward second tower -- they stop , dorothy scream -- lion where -- where do we go now ? scarecrow this way ! come on ! els -- a Group of winkie come out of the tower at the head of step in b.g. ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 8 ) -- they roar menacingly -- ls -- scarecrow , tin man , lion and dorothy run along battlement to leave as camera boom with they -- ls -- the other group of winkie appear in the other tower -- they mumble -- charge forward -- ls -- one Group of winkie charge down the step in the f.g. as we see the other group come forward along the battlement in b.g. -- camera boom to leave -- ls -- in. Hall -- scarecrow , dorothy , tin man and the lion rush down the hall to b.g. -- be confront by winkie -- dorothy scream -- more winkie rush in from leave f.g. , trapping the four -- mcs -- the four -- they react as they look o.s. to f.g. -- dorothy scream -- they turn , run back -- ls -- in. Tower -- the four run to leave as winkie pour in from right -- to other winkie enter from leave -- dorothy scream as they be capture -- camera pan right as they back up against the table in f.g. -- winkie surround they -- ml -- the witch enter in b.g. -- come forward to she winkie in f.g. -- camera pull back as she come up to scarecrow , dorothy and the tin man -- she speak to they -- witch well -- ring around the rosy -- a pocket full of spear ! think you would be pretty foxy , do not you ? well , I be go to start in on you right here - one after the other ! cs -- tin man , dorothy and scarecrow -- lion hide behind the tin man -- all tremble with fear -- witch o.s . and the last to go will see the first three go before she ! and you mangy little dog , too ! mcu -- witch smile as she look up o.s . -- camera pan up as she hold she broom up to the torch on wall -- cs -- the four react with fear -- mcu -- the broomstick catch fire -- camera pan down to the witch as she lower it -- speak -- witch how about a little fire , scarecrow ? cs -- lion , tin man , dorothy and scarecrow -- all react as the broom be thrust into the scene and catch the scarecrow 's arm on fire -- he shout , dorothy scream -- dorothy pick up a bucket as the camera pull back , throw the water on scarecrow -- scarecrow no -- no -- no -- no ! dorothy ohh ! ohh ! ohh ! scarecrow help ! I be burn ! I be burn ! I be burn ! help ! help ! help ! ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 9 ) ms -- dorothy throw water at scarecrow -- some of it hit the witch in the face -- tin man stand at leave with the lion -- scarecrow help ! mcu -- the water hit the witch in the face -- ms -- the witch scream as the water hit she -- tin man , lion , dorothy and scarecrow look at she -- ml -- the lion , tin man , dorothy and scarecrow watch the witch as she scream and melt away -- camera shoot past winkie in the f.g. -- the witch curse as she disappear , finally only she cloak and hat remain on the floor -- she voice fade away -- witch ohhh -- you curse brat ! look what you have do ! I be melting ! melting ! oh - - what a world -- what a world ! who would have think a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness !? ohhh ! look out ! look out ! I be go . ohhhh ! ohhhhhh .... cs -- lion , tin man , dorothy and scarecrow look down o.s. amaze -- cs -- shoot down to the witch 's cloak and hat smolder on the floor -- toto enter from leave and sniff at they -- camera pull back slightly as nikko enter , growl -- cs -- leader of winkie speak to the four o.s. in f.g. -- other winkie in b.g. -- leader she 's .... she 's .... dead ! you have kill she ! cs -- lion , tin man , dorothy and scarecrow react -- dorothy speak , point to the scarecrow -- dorothy I -- I do not mean to kill she .... really I do not ! it 's ... it 's just that he be on fire ! ml -- the four stand in front of the winkie -- the leader turn to the other and speak -- the winkie kneel as they hail dorothy -- leader hail to dorothy ! the wick witch be dead ! ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 10 ) winkies hail ! hail to dorothy -- the wick witch be dead ! cs - dorothy , with tin man , lion and scarecrow in back of she - she speak - dorothy you mean , you be ... you be all happy about it ? cs - the leader raise up he head - speak to dorothy o.s. in f.g. - other winkie in back of he - leader very happy - now she will not be able to hit we with a broom .... cs - dorothy , with lion , tin man and scarecrow in back of she - dorothy turn to the tin man - leader o.s. ... anymore ! dorothy the broom ! ml -- the leader give the broom to dorothy as the scarecrow , lion and tin man react with joy -- camera truck forward as dorothy speak to they -- the winkie speak -- they sing - dorothy and she friend dance about , then exit out to b.g . - dorothy May we have it ? leader please ! and take it with you ! dorothy oh -- thank you so much ! now we can go back to the wizard and tell he the wick witch be dead ! leader the wick witch be dead ! all the wick witch be dead ! the wick witch be dead ! hail - hail - the witch be dead . which old witch ? - the wick witch . hail - hail - the wick witch be dead . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 11 ) hail - hail - the witch be dead which old witch ? - the wick witch .... lap dissolve to : els - in emerald City - street be thronge with people - the procession enter from b.g. , lead by a band - all ( sing ) hail - hail - the wick witch be dead ! ml - the Band march along the crowded street - they turn , exit out to leave f.g . - all ( sing ) ding Dong ! the witch be dead . which old witch ? the wick witch ! ding Dong ! the wick witch be dead ! els - the procession come forward through the crowded street - surround by flower girl be dorothy , the tin man , lion and scarecrow - the scarecrow be carry the witch 's broomstick - all ( sing ) wake up , you sleepy head rub you eye get out of bed wake up , the wick witch be dead ! ms - camera truck back with the tin man , lion , dorothy and the scarecrow as they come forward through the sing crowd - they wave , smile , etc . - all ( sing ) she 's go where the goblin go below -- below -- below ! yo ho , let 's open .... ls - the procession pass girl line up in front of the palace - the four pass along in front of they at leave - all wave greeting - all ( sing ) ...up and sing and ring the bell out . ding Dong ! the merry -oh sing it high sing it .... els - full shot of the area in front of Palace - the procession file around in it to the right - all ( sing ) ...low . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 12 ) let they know the wick witch be dead ! ding Dong ! the witch be dead . which old .... els - camera boom back to leave with the procession as it come forward - all ( sing ) ... witch ? the wick witch ding Dong ! the wick witch be dead ! els - camera pan right with the procession as it march toward the palace - camera boom around to one of the huge crystal as the tin man , dorothy , scarecrow and lion enter through the palace gate - all ( sing ) wake up , you sleepy head . rub you eye - get out of bed . wake up , the wick witch be dead . she 's go where the goblin go - below - below - below . no ho , let 's open up and sing and ring the bell out . ding Dong ! the merry - oh sing it high -- lap dissolve to : int . throne room -- ls -- throne -- Oz 's voice boom out as the camera pull back to reveal the scarecrow , dorothy , lion and tin man stand in front of it -- oz's voice can I believe my eye ? why .... ml -- the four tremble with fear -- camera pull back as dorothy come forward with the broomstick and place it on the step to throne -- she speak -- oz's voice ... have you come back ? dorothy please , sir . we have do what you tell we . we have bring you the broomstick of the wick witch of the West . we melt she . oz's voice oh .... ml -- throne -- oz's voice ... you liquidate she , eh? very .... ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 13 ) ms -- dorothy smile , with the tin man , lion and the scarecrow in back of she also look pleased -- she speak -- they react as Oz speak -- oz's voice ... resourceful ! dorothy yes , sir . so we would like you to keep you promise to we , if you please , sir . oz's voice not so fast ! not .... ml -- throne -- oz's voice ... so fast ! I will have to give the matter a little think . go away and come back tomorrow ! ms -- dorothy , with she three friend behind she -- she react , speak -- the tin man and the lion put in a word for she -- dorothy tomorrow ? oh , but I want to go home now . tin man you have have plenty of time already ! lion yeah ! ml -- throne -- oz's voice do not arouse the wrath .... mcu -- toto at dorothy 's foot -- camera pan right with he as he run to a curtain that hang near the throne step -- oz's voice ...of the great and powerful Oz ! I say - - come back tomorrow ! ms -- the four -- dorothy speak as she look o.s. to right f.g. -- camera pull back to right to enter the curtain where toto run in the b.g. -- it shake as toto start to pull it back -- dorothy if you be really great and powerful , you would keep you promise ! ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 14 ) oz's voice do you presume to criticize the .... ml -- toto pull back the curtain to reveal the wizard at the control of the throne apparatus -- he back to the camera oz's voice ... great Oz ? you ungrateful creature ! ml -- the four react with fear -- scarecrow look o.s. to right -- point for dorothy -- oz's voice think yourselves lucky that I be .... ls -- shoot past the four at leave to the wizard at the control of the throne apparatus -- the four react as they see he after dorothy call they attention to he -- oz's voice ... give you audience tomorrow , instead of .... ms -- the wizard at the control -- he back to camera -- he speak into the microphone -- he turn , look o.s. to f.g. and see that the curtain be go -- react and turn back to the control -- oz's voice ... twenty year from now . oh -- oh oh ! the great Oz have speak ! oh -- oh --- .... ls -- shoot past the four at leave to the wizard as he pull back the curtain -- oz's voice ... oh .... oh .... ms - the wizard peer out from behind the curtain - ms - tin man , lion , dorothy and scarecrow react as they look at the wizard o.s. to right - dorothy speak dorothy who be you ? mcu - the wizard peer out from curtain - he duck back out of sight and he voice boom out again - oz's voice oh - I - pay no .... ( continued ) 115 . continued : ( 15 ) ls -- shoot past the four at leave to the curtain in b.g. -- dorothy go over to it and start to pull it aside -- oz's voice ... attention to that man behind the curtain . go - before I lose my temper ! the great and powerful ---.... mcs -- dorothy pull back the curtain to reveal the wizard at the control -- he react as he see dorothy -- dorothy question he -- the wizard start to speak into the microphone -- then turn weakly back to dorothy -- camera pull back slightly as the lion , scarecrow and tin man enter and stand behind dorothy -- oz's voice ... -- Oz -- have speak ! dorothy who be you ? oz's voice well , I -- I -- I be the great and powerful -- wizard of Oz . dorothy you be ? wizard uhhhh -- yes ... dorothy I do not believe you ! wizard no , I be afraid it 's true . there 's no other wizard except I . mcs -- dorothy and she three friend react -- camera shoot past the wizard at leave -- the scarecrow and lion speak angrily -- scarecrow you humbug ! lion yeah ! cs -- wizard -- shoot past dorothy , the lion and scarecrow -- the wizard speak -- ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 16 ) wizard yes-s-s -- that ... that 's exactly so . I be a humbug ! dorothy oh .... mcu -- dorothy -- tin man and scarecrow behind she -- dorothy ... you be a very bad man ! mcu -- the wizard react , speak humbly -- wizard oh , no , my dear -- I be -- I be a very good man . I be just a very bad wizard . mcu - scarecrow and dorothy - scarecrow threaten the wizard o.s . - scarecrow you would better be good enough to send dorothy back to Kansas ! cs - wizard - shoot past lion , dorothy and scarecrow in f.g . - wizard uh - now , please do not be angry with I . I will - I will do anything you say , only ... only if you do not shout at I . it make I nervous ! scarecrow it make you nervous ? wizard yes . mcs -- tin man , scarecrow , dorothy and lion -- shoot past the wizard in leave f.g. scarecrow what about we ? wizard well , I -- scarecrow what about the heart that you promise tin man --? ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 17 ) wizard well , I -- scarecrow -- and the courage that you promise cowardly lion ? wizard well , I -- tin man and lion and scarecrow 's brain ? cs - wizard - shoot past lion , dorothy and scarecrow in f.g . - wizard well , I - - but you have get they . you have have they all the ... mcs - tin man , scarecrow , dorothy and lion - shoot past the wizard in leave f.g. - the four react , speak together - the scarecrow move around to the wizard - wizard ... time ! all together oh , no we have not ! tin man you do not get around we that easy ! lion not nohow ! wizard well -- scarecrow you promise we real thing -- a real ... cs - wizard - shoot past the scarecrow at right - the wizard react to they demand - start to speak - scarecrow ... brain ! tin man o.s. a real heart ! lion Real courage . that 's what we want . ( continued ) 118 . continued : wizard you do ? boy , you be aim low . you not only surprise , but you grieve I . ms -- the wizard speak to tin man , dorothy , lion and the scarecrow -- the wizard become eloquent -- step closer to the scarecrow -- wizard why , anybody can have a brain . that 's a very mediocre commodity . every pusillanimous creature that crawl on the earth -- or slink through slimy seas have a brain ! mcu -- wizard -- shoot past the scarecrow at right -- wizard from the rock-bound coast of Maine to the Sun .... oh - oh , no -- -- ah - well , be that as it may . back where I come from we have university , seat of great learn -- where man go to become great thinker . and when they come out , they think deep thought -- and with no more brain than you have .... but ! they have one thing you have not get ! a diploma ! ms -- the wizard reach back and obtain several diploma -- select one and present it to the scarecrow as dorothy , tin man and the lion look on -- wizard therefore , by virtue of the authority vested in I by the universitatus committeeatum e plurbis unum , I hereby confer upon you the honorary degree of th.d . scarecrow th.d.? mcu -- wizard -- shoot past the scarecrow at right -- wizard yeah -- that ... that 's Dr. of thinkology ! cu -- the scarecrow recite the pythagoras theorem -- react with joy -- ( continued ) 119 . continued : ( 2 ) scarecrow the sum of the square root of any two side of a isoscele triangle be equal to the square root of the remain side . oh joy , rapture ! I have get a brain ! mcs -- wizard , scarecrow , dorothy , tin man and lion -- the scarecrow thanks the wizard -- wizard take the lion and lead he forward -- camera truck back and pan right -- the other follow -- the wizard pause on the throne step -- open a door and take out a black bag -- take a medal from the bag -- scarecrow how can I ever thank you enough ? wizard well , you can not . as for you , my fine friend -- you be a victim of disorganize think . you be under the unfortunate delusion that simply because you run away from danger , you have no courage . you be confusing courage with wisdom . back where I come from , we have man who be call heroes . once a year , they take they fortitude out of mothball and parade it down the main street of the city . and they have no more courage than you have . but ! they have one thing that you have not get ! a medal ! therefore -- for meritorious .... mcu -- lion -- shoot past the wizard in the f.g. as he present the medal to the beam lion -- wizard ... conduct , extraordinary valor , conspicuous bravery against wick witch , I award you the triple Cross . ms -- scarecrow , tin man and dorothy watch as the wizard present the medal to the lion -- wizard you be now a member of the legion of courage ! mcu -- the wizard lean forward and kiss the lion -- the lion react , speak -- lion oh -- oh -- shuck , folk , I be speechless ! ( continued ) 120 . continued : ( 3 ) ms -- dorothy , tin man , scarecrow watch the lion as he beam with joy over he new medal -- the wizard turn to the tin man -- speak to he -- wizard as for you , my galvanize friend , you want a heart ! you do not know how lucky you be not to have one . heart will never be practical until they can be make unbreakable . I could have be a world figure , a power among man , a - a successful wizard , have I not be obstruct by a heart . tin man but I still want one . wizard yes -- .... mcu -- wizard -- shoot past the tin man in leave f.g. wizard ... back where I come from there be man who do nothing all day but good deed . they be call phil ...er -- er -- phil -- er , yes ... good -deed-doer . and they heart be no bigger than yours . but ! they have one thing you have not get ! a testimonial ! mcs -- the tin man wait as the wizard bend down and get a heart - shape watch from he black bag -- camera truck forward slightly as he present it to the tin man as dorothy , lion and scarecrow look on -- wizard therefore , in consideration of you kindness , I take pleasure at this time in present you with a small token of we esteem and affection . and remember , my sentimental friend .... mcu -- wizard -- shoot past the tin man in leave f.g. wizard ... that a heart be not judge by how much you love , but by how much you be love by other . cs -- tin man -- shoot past the wizard in right -- dorothy stand at leave -- the tin man listen to he watch , then hold it up to dorothy 's ear -- ( continued ) 121 . continued : ( 4 ) tin man ahh --- oh , it tick ! listen ! dorothy yes ...! ms -- scarecrow , lion , dorothy react as the tin man show they the watch -- the wizard smile as he watch they -- lion point to he medal -- dorothy ... yes . tin man look -- it tick ! lion read ... read what my medal say . insert -- cu of the Medal on the lion 's chest -- read courage -- lion courage !... ms -- int. throne room -- scarecrow , dorothy , the wizard and tin man admire the lion 's medal -- then they ask about dorothy 's request -- lion ... ai not it the truth ! ai not it the truth ! dorothy oh -- oh -- they be all wonderful . scarecrow hey -- what about dorothy ? tin man yes -- how about dorothy ? lion yeah . wizard ah -- lion dorothy next ! ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 5 ) wizard yes . dorothy -- ah -- dor -- cu -- dorothy -- dorothy oh , I do not think there 's anything in that black bag for I . mcu - the wizard protest - mumble as he start to look into the bag - wizard well , no - no -- on the contrary , on the - --- .... ms -- the wizard rummages through the bag as dorothy and the other look on -- he find nothing , so he speak encouragingly of what he will do - camera truck forward slightly - wizard ... I -- ah -- on the contr -- -- here -- well , you force I into a cataclysmic decision . the only way to get dorothy back to Kansas be for I to take she there myself ! cu -- dorothy react , speak -- dorothy oh , will you ? could you ? oh -- but be you a clever enough wizard .... mcu -- the wizard -- dorothy o.s . ... to manage it ? wizard child -- you cut I to the quick ! I be a old Kansas man myself ... bear and .... cu -- dorothy be pleased -- look about at the other -- wizard o.s. ... breed in the heart of the western wilderness -- Premier balloonist par .... ms -- scarecrow , dorothy , lion and tin man listen to the wizard -- wizard ... excellence to the Miracle wonderland Carnival company -- until one day , while perform spectacular feat of stratospheric skill never before attempt by civilized man , a unfortunate phenomenon occur . the balloon fail to return to the fair . ( continued ) 123 . continued : ( 6 ) lion it do ? mcu - the wizard - wizard yes . there be I , float through space - - a man without a continent ! cu -- dorothy -- dorothy be not you frighten ? ms -- scarecrow , dorothy , wizard , tin man and lion on the step near the throne -- the wizard speak as they come forward -- camera pull back to leave as they come forward to door -- they pause -- then again come forward to the doorway - - all react to the wizard 's announcement -- wizard frightened ? you be talk to a man who have laugh in the face of death -- sneer at doom and chuckle at catastrophe . I be petrify . then suddenly the wind change , and the balloon float down into the heart of this noble city , where I be instantly acclaimed Oz , the first wizard de luxe ! dorothy ohhh ! wizard Times be what they be , I accept the job , -- retain my balloon against the advent of a quick get-away . ( laugh ) and in that balloon , my dear dorothy , you and I will return to the land of E pluribus unum ! lap dissolve to : ext. Public Square , emerald City -- ls -- the wizard and dorothy in the basket of balloon -- tin man , scarecrow and lion stand on platform with they -- people of Oz group about they -- the wizard speak to they as the camera move forward -- the people cheer -- wizard good people of Oz , this be positively the finest exhibition ever to be show -- ( stammer ) ( more ) ( continued ) 124 . continued : ( 7 ) wizard ( cont 'd ) -- yes -- well -- be that as it may -- I , you wizard par ardua ad alta , be about to embark upon a hazardous and technically unexplainable journey into the outer stratosphere . mcs -- wizard and dorothy in the basket -- the wizard speak to the crowd o.s . -- camera pan to leave to enter the tin man and scarecrow , then pan right as the wizard point to the lion -- wizard to confer , converse , and otherwise hob - nob with my brother wizard . and I hereby decree that until what time -- if any -- that I return , the scarecrow , by virtue of he highly superior brain , shall rule in my stead ... assist by the tin man , by virtue of he magnificent heart ... and the lion -- by virtue of he courage ! obey they as you would I ! and - ah - well , that 's all . cu -- toto in dorothy 's arm -- he bark at something o.s . -- people cheer o.s. wizard o.s . thank you . mcu -- Oz woman with a cat in she arm -- mcu -- toto bark in dorothy 's arm -- mcs -- dorothy in basket of balloon -- toto jump from she arm -- she react , start to climb out -- ml -- tin man , scarecrow and lion on platform -- wizard in the basket of balloon -- dorothy climb out -- yell dorothy oh , come back here ! toto ! mcs -- dorothy by the side of the basket -- she speak to the wizard , then run down from the platform -- lion and scarecrow see -- dorothy come back ! oh , do not go without I ! I will be right back ! toto ! ml -- wizard on balloon platform -- scarecrow , lion and tin man stand by -- the wizard protest as the balloon start to rise -- tin man stop that dog ! wizard this be a highly irregular procedure ! this be absolutely unprecedented ! ( continued ) 125 . continued : ( 8 ) tin man oh ! help I ! the balloon 's go up ! els -- the wizard rise slowly in the basket of balloon as the Oz people watch -- scarecrow and tin man try to hold the balloon down -- dorothy run up on the platform , the lion follow -- she yell to the wizard -- he shout back -- the Oz people wave goodbye -- the balloon exit to leave f.g. -- wizard -- ruine my exit ! tin man help ! dorothy oh ! come back ! do not go without I ! please come back ! wizard I can not come back ! I do not know how it work ! dorothy oh -- wizard Goodbye , folk ! oz people Goodbye ! Goodbye ! mcs -- tin man , scarecrow and lion group about dorothy -- she speak -- they ask she to stay with they -- then the scarecrow react , point up o.s . -- dorothy oh , now I will never get home ! lion stay with we , then , dorothy . we all love you . we do not want you to go . dorothy oh , that 's very kind of you -- but this could never be like Kansas . auntie em must have stop wonder what happen to I by now . oh , scarecrow , what be I go to do ? scarecrow look -- here 's someone who can help you ! ( continued ) 126 . continued : ( 9 ) ms -- a group of Oz man react as they look up o.s. -- they bow out of the scene -- suddenly glinda appear in the scene - - camera truck back to leave over head of the bow Oz people as she move down the step and up onto the platform to dorothy , tin man , lion and scarecrow -- cs -- dorothy , glinda and scarecrow on the platform -- dorothy speak with glinda -- camera pull back to enter tin man and lion -- tin man speak -- dorothy oh , will you help I ? can you help I ? glinda you do not need to be help any longer . you have always have the power to go back to Kansas . dorothy I have ? scarecrow then why do not you tell she before ? glinda because she would not have believe I . she have to learn it for herself . tin man what have you learn , dorothy ? mcu -- dorothy -- lion behind she -- she speak -- dorothy well , I -- I think that it -- that it be not enough just to want to see uncle Henry and auntie em -- and it 's that -- if I ever go look for my heart 's desire again , I will not look any further than my own backyard . because if it be not there , I never really lose it to begin with ! be that right ? mcs -- tin man , dorothy , glinda , scarecrow and lion on platform -- they speak -- glinda point down to dorothy 's slipper -- glinda that 's all it be ! scarecrow but that 's so easy ! I should have think of it for you . ( continued ) 127 . continued : ( 10 ) tin man I should have feel it in my heart . glinda no . she have to find it out for herself . now , that magic slipper will take you home in two second ! dorothy oh .... cs -- dorothy and glinda -- scarecrow in b.g. -- dorothy react , speak -- turn about -- begin to cry as she realize she will lose she three friend -- camera pan she leave to tin man -- she wipe he tear away -- give he he oil can and then kiss he -- then camera truck forward slightly as she say goodbye to the lion -- pan right slightly as she turn to the scarecrow -- hug he -- then step back to glinda as camera pan slightly -- dorothy ... toto , too ? glinda toto , too . dorothy oh , now ? glinda whenever you wish . dorothy oh , dear -- that 's too wonderful to be true ! oh , it 's -- it 's go to be so hard to say goodbye . I love you all , too . Goodbye , tin man . oh , do not cry . you will rust so dreadfully . here -- here 's you oil - can . Goodbye . tin man now I know I have get a heart -- ' cause it 's break . dorothy oh -- Goodbye , lion . you know , I know it be not right , but I be go to miss the way you use to holler for help before you find you courage . lion well -- I would never have find it if it have not be for you . ( continued ) 128 . continued : ( 11 ) dorothy I think I will miss you most of all . glinda be you ready now ? dorothy yes . say goodbye , toto . ms -- dorothy wave toto 's paw at the tin man , lion and scarecrow -- then speak to glinda -- glinda instruct she -- dorothy yes , I be ready now . glinda then close you eye , and tap you heel together three time . mcu -- dorothy 's heel as she click they together three time -- mcu -- dorothy and glinda -- glinda instruct she -- wave she wand -- dorothy close she eye -- camera truck in to a big cu of dorothy -- she speak -- the scene darken behind she -- glinda and think to yourself -- " there 's no place like home ; there 's no place like home ; there 's no place like home . " dorothy there 's no place like home . there 's no place like home . there 's no place like home . there 's no place like home . lap dissolve to : els - the munchkin wave goodbye from the gate of the munchkin Village - dorothy o.s . there 's no place like ... cs - the witch laugh - dorothy o.s. ...home . there 's no place .... mcs - the wizard at the control panel in the throne room - he turn , look o.s. to f.g. - react - pull the curtain - dorothy o.s. ... like home . there 's no place like home . ms - glinda lead the munchkin in a dance - munchkin in the b.g. - dorothy o.s . there 's no place like home . mcu - lion growl - ms - the tin man break in the door of the witch 's Tower room - dorothy o.s . there 's no place like home . ms - Hickory 's wind Machine on the gale farm - dorothy o.s . there 's no place like home . ( continued ) 129 . continued : ( 12 ) cs - horse look out from stall - cs - cow - camera pan slightly - mcs - chicken move about - cs - auntie em offer forward a plate of cruller - lap dissolve to : cu -- dorothy lie on pillow -- she mumble -- aunt em 's hand enter -- put cloth on dorothy 's head -- dorothy ( mumble ) -- there 's no place like home -- there 's no place like home -- aunt em o.s. dorothy - dorothy ! it 's I -- aunt em. cs -- dorothy lie on bed -- mumble -- she open she eye -- look around room -- camera truck back show aunt em seat on edge of bed -- uncle Henry stand by -- Professor Marvel enter at window -- speak -- dorothy react -- look at he -- aunt em o.s . wake up , honey . dorothy -- no place like home -- there 's no place like home -- no place -- aunt em dorothy . dorothy , dear . it 's aunt em , darling . dorothy oh , auntie em -- it 's you ! aunt em yes , darling . professor marvel hello , there ! anybody home ? I -- I just drop by because I hear the little girl get catch in the big -- well .... mcu -- dorothy -- camera shoot down past aunt em at right - - professor marvel o.s. ... she seem all right now . uncle henry o.s. yeah . ms -- dorothy lie in bed -- aunt em seat by she -- uncle Henry stand by -- Professor at window -- dorothy raise up on she elbow -- speak -- aunt em put she back on pillow -- then rise and exit -- hunk -- Hickory and Zeke enter -- kneel beside bed -- camera truck forward -- they speak to dorothy -- camera pull back as Zeke and other exit right -- aunt em re-enter -- sit by dorothy -- hold she head ( hand ) -- camera truck back -- Zeke and other stand at right -- ( continued ) 130 . continued : ( 13 ) uncle henry she get quite a bump on the head -- we kinda think there for a minute she be go to leave we . professor oh -- dorothy but I do leave you , uncle Henry -- that 's just the trouble . and I try to get back for day and day . aunt em there , there , lie quiet now . you just have a bad dream . dorothy no -- hunk sure -- remember I -- you old pal , hunk ? hickory and I -- Hickory ? zeke you could not forget my face , could you ? dorothy no . but it be not a dream -- it be a place . and you -- and you -- and you -- and you be there . professor oh -- ( other laugh ) dorothy but you could not have be , could you ? aunt em oh , we dream lot of silly thing when we -- dorothy no , aunt em -- this be a real , truly live place . and I remember that some of it be not very nice .... mcu -- dorothy -- camera shoot down past aunt em -- ( continued ) 131 . continued : ( 14 ) dorothy ... but most of it be beautiful . but just the same , all I keep say to everybody be , I want to go home . and they send I home . ml -- dorothy lie in bed -- aunt em sit by she -- Professor at window -- uncle Henry -- Zeke -- hunk and Hickory stand by -- they laugh -- toto jump up on to bed - - dorothy take toto in she arm -- dorothy do not anybody believe I ? uncle henry of course we believe you , dorothy . dorothy oh , but anyway , toto , we be home ! mcu -- dorothy hold toto in she arm -- camera shoot past aunt em at right f.g. -- dorothy look around room -- speak -- tear come to she eye -- aunt em rise -- put she arm around dorothy - dorothy Home ! and this be my room -- and you be all here ! and I be not go to leave here ever , ever again , because I love you all ! and -- oh , auntie em -- there 's no place like home ! fade out : fade in -- the end -- fade out