carnivore by Larry and Andy wachowski fade in : ext . CITY STREET - night dream -like tide of shadow swirl around the wet phosphorescent streetlight that glow dimly in a desolate urban intersection . it be fall ; the misty breath of winter rise up through the sewer grate . huddle in a small doorway be a figure swaddle in darkness . we hear footstep , expensive shoe click against the pavement in a brisk city gait . the figure stir . a well dress man pass the doorway as the figure raise its head . it be kuru . kuru be dress in rag , he jet black skin , include he face and bald head , be cover with blue tattoo . kuru mister ? his hand reach for the shadow . kuru mister ? you get a dollar , mister ? the man ignore he as kuru rise behind he . kuru mister -- mister , please . I be hungry . walk even faster , the man continue past kuru as he stride into the street against the blink " do not walk " sign . kuru mister ? mister ? hey -- mister ! a horn explode as a car boom past , almost hit the man . he shriek . kuru 's laughter echoe from the dark . the man look back but kuru be go . he scurries across the street toward the layer concrete parking garage . Dead red neon cause the vertical sign to read : rage . int . garage stairway - night the man climb quickly , the metal stair ringing , " thoom , thoom , thoom . " as he reach he level , a whisper float up from the garage 's concrete bowel . kuru ... mister . the man look over the railing but see only shadow . he then turn and push through the door . int . parking garage - night the grey garage be damp and cold , every sound echoing as though it be inside a whale . nervous , the man hurry toward the only car on the level , he red saab . he dig out he key and hit the remote alarm disarm . Far away , we hear a rattling metal sound . the man reach the car grop for the door handle as the rattling draw closer . hy jump into the car , lock the door and jam the key into the ignition . suddenly , a baseball bat arc down so that the twist of the key seem to shatter the windshield . the explosion of glass become -- int . diner - night the crash and tinkle of dirty plate be throw into a bin by a busboy clear they from the table of a old diner . once the table be clear by the quick automatic hand , the busboy wipe it down with a grey rag . he then place a set . a napkin . a fork and a spoon . a knife . the utensil be heavy duty stainless steel . the knife be flat like a butter knife but the end be serrate and sharp enough to cut meat . we hold on the empty set as if we be sit at the table wait to be serve . John bunyan throw he backpack into the booth and sit down at the empty set . JOHN man , I be starve . John be a friendly look fellow whose simple expression of awe and behind - the-times wardrobe immediately place he as new to the city . the waitress step over to the table . John smile . JOHN hi there . she stand , pencil to pad , wait for he order . JOHN how be you tonight ? she sigh . waitress my foot hurt , my back be kill I and I smell like a hamburger . now what can I get you ? JOHN let I see here . he run he finger down the menu , not the item , but the price . JOHN I will have the hamburger special . waitress to drink ? JOHN Water be fine . waitress let I give you some advice , country . when in Rome , do like the Roman , okay ? she leave . John take out twenty dollar from a small compartment in he backpack , then zip it back up . in the background , there be a commotion that swallow the normal diner noise . John turn and we follow he gaze to a far booth where a man and a woman be have a argument . ophelia be a young , attractive woman who be uncomfortably overdress , expect to be in a more formal restaurant . her date , Roman link , have the face of a weasel . his hair be slicked back into a ponytail and he be also overdress but quite comfortable . he hold up he hamburger to she mouth , try to get she to taste it . ophelia no ! you know I do not eat red meat ! link it be not fuck red ! look at it ! it 's brown . just try it ! ophelia no ! link slap the burger down . link shit . why go out if you never try nothing ? ophelia you call this go out ? link oh , I be sorry , this place be not good enough for you highness . she try to lower the argument . ophelia I do not mean that . link what the fuck difference do it make where you eat ? all you ever want be a fuck salad . I take you to the fuck ritz , you would order a fuck salad . ophelia you have no idea what I want . she snatch up she purse and coat . link you be not go anywhere until you clean that plate . he snatch she by the wrist . she struggle , then grab she fork with she free hand . ophelia fuck you . fuck you salad . she stab he with the fork just hard enough to make he let go . before she can get out of the booth , he catch hold of she hair , yanking she head down . link you foul - mouth bitch . he force she face in the plate of salad and cottage cheese . link now eat it . eat it ! she scream , squirming free . her face cover with food , eye burn and tear , she run for the nearest door , the woman 's bathroom . link calmly push the last over - size bite of burger into he mouth . he chew , glance around . the diner be uncomfortably quiet . he sip the last of he coffee then politely dab at he mouth with he napkin before get up . link walk to the woman 's bathroom and lightly knock on the door . link fifi ? open the door . it 's Roman . ophelia ( o.s. ) leave I the fuck alone . he smashes open the door , go inside and slam it shut . John look around the room at the freeze employee and patron in the diner . muffled behind the bathroom door , a sharp slap be hear and ophelia cry out . there be another loud slap . the diner be silent , listen . John stand and slowly walk toward the bathroom as the waitress run for the pay phone . at the door , John can hear link talk and ophelia cry . he knock . link become quiet and John knock again . the door swing open . link have a huge black eye . link what the fuck ? JOHN I hear the woman cry . link be you from another planet or something ? JOHN why do not you leave she alone ? link ' bony finger poke John in the chest . link why do not you do what you be suppose to do and mind you own fuck business . John shrug , stare hard . JOHN too late now . link you get that right . link throw the first punch but John block it , ramming a fist into link ' gut . link double over as John grab he , spin he out of the bathroom , cock another punch . he swing , mash link ' thin pointy nose , send he sailing onto he back . link scramble to he foot , a wild man , hair splay across he bleed face , and grab a knife from the nearest table . scream , he rush at John like a animal . John jump back but the knife slashes open he forearm . his hot blood speckles the bright white ceramic floor . John howl and lunge at link , seize hold of the knife hand , knock both of they to the ground . they thrash wildly like dog , link even bite John , fight for the knife until -- ophelia stomp on link ' arm with she high heel and snatch up the knife . ophelia stop it . stop it , Roman ! both man recoil , stand . link , he ear red hot , throw back he hair . link this be not over ! this be not over ! he point at he bloody nose , stare at John . link I never forget . this dog 's get a long memory ! and you -- he stab a finger at ophelia who be still hold the knife over he . link pay for you own fuck salad ! they watch as he whirl , storming out of the diner . John , suddenly conscious of he bleed arm , groan . ophelia oh my god . you be really hurt . JOHN it 's okay , I think . his knee buckle a bit at the sight of so much of he own blood and he sit at one of the chrome table . JOHN maybe not . ophelia dig out a handful of paper napkin from a dispenser and press they to he wound . ophelia I can not believe this , I mean Roman be a little crazy but what you do , it be really ... thank you . John look up into she smile face . JOHN you be welcome . ophelia you be not from around here , be you ? JOHN just off the bus , actually . I do not know it be that obvious . ophelia look up , suddenly uncomfortable that the eye of the diner have be on they the entire time . ophelia listen -- JOHN John . John bunyan . he shake she hand , use he leave . ophelia I be ophelia . we really need to get you to a doctor . JOHN I do not really have the money . but I will be alright . ophelia do you have someplace to stay ? relative ? he shake he head . ophelia look at the clump of napkin , white soaking red . ophelia well , that arm be go to get infect if we do not take care of it . she think . ophelia come on . ext . the mission - night a cab pull up outside the Mission . the Mission be a old stone building that have once be a proud , magnificent landmark . it be now a squatting corpse ; with its board window and crumble brick work , it wear a edifice of dark , urban decay . John follow ophelia from the cab into the alley that run behind the Mission . ext . the alley - night ophelia pound on the heavy steel side door . JOHN what be this place ? ophelia it use to be something like a ymca but it be condemn . a man name rex mundi somehow convinced the city to let he run a soup kitchen out of it . she pound on the door again . ophelia granny ? granny ? JOHN you grandmother 's house ? ophelia no , she name be gretchen , but she tell I to call she granny . she 's the cook . from inside , we hear a faint , old voice . granny we be close . come back tomorrow . ophelia granny , wait . it 's ophelia . I have a friend here who 's hurt , bleed . I be hope you could ... after a long pause , a series of lock and bolt click and slide before the door finally open . granny be a woman who look impossibly old , thin , and wrinkle as a willow tree but have the boundless energy of a child . her smile be a checkerboard of lose tooth gladly give for the chocolate she constantly consume . ophelia granny , this be John . her gaze fix immediately on the cut on he arm and she eye bulge . granny oh , blood . come in . come in quick . she pull they inside and the door slam shut . we hear the lock and bolt snap back into place . int . mission dine hall - night the dining hall be a cavernous room that seem to have no wall or a ceiling , only endless row of cheap fold out table and chair . beneath nasal - hum fluorescent light , granny sit hunch over John 's arm . ophelia , lean in , dab at the wound with a wet , bloody towel . Close on a large button hook as granny push another stitch through the flap of skin . she then pull , draw the skin together . John wince . granny almost do . there . just like sewing up a turkey -- she wrap it with gauze as ophelia hand she strip of tape . JOHN feel better already . granny just bad enough for a nice scar and a good story . she wink at he . JOHN I do not know how to thank you . granny oh no , no -- well -- a idea slip into she mind and a smile creep across she face . granny okay , how about a kiss ? ophelia laugh . ophelia granny ! granny oh , it 's not like that . just a sweet little thank you , that 's all . JOHN uh , sure . granny lean forward , she eye close , lip pucker . John put a hand on she shoulder , lean in , decide to close he own eye . the moment be painfully slow to arrive as they inch closer and closer until finally they lip touch . granny pop back cackle with laughter . John laugh awkwardly as she lick she lip , taste the kiss . granny yes , yes , very nice . ophelia , you ought to give they a try . ophelia look up at John . there be a hint of something beyond the smile on she lip . granny now , can I get you kid something to eat , some chocolate , maybe ? sugar for the blood ? ophelia actually , granny , there be something else . I bring John here because he 's new to the city and have nowhere to go . granny be suddenly very uncomfortable . granny oh , you would really have to ask the boss about that . ophelia be rex here tonight ? mundi at last , the fair ophelia call . they turn as rex mundi emerge from the black edge of the room . mundi be a dark feature man , tall and sinewy who forever seem to be cast in shadow . his clothes have a antique quality to they which include a batter stove- pipe hat . he smile , glide across the room , he eye rivete on ophelia . granny rex , I think you would go out . mundi you know I , gretchen . always about . mundi take ophelia 's hand , hold it almost to he lip . his face hover over she , nostril flaring , inhale the scent of she soft skin . then , ever so delicately , he kiss it . mundi to what do we owe this savory surprise ? tell I , how be Ms. shelley ? ophelia she 's good . I will tell she you say hello . mundi nod . ophelia the reason I be here , rex , be for my friend , John bunyan . he 's look for a job , a place to stay , anything . ophelia gesture to John but mundi do not look away from she . granny you do promise I a dishwasher , rex . mundi consider this , turn , appraise John . he notice the bright , white gauze bandage and the small spot of blood seeping through . mundi be we run a animal shelter now , gretchen ? take in every wounded stray ? ophelia I bring he here , rex . it 's my fault . he be hurt because he help I . this be all I could think of . mundi watch John . mundi the city be full of cheap hotel . ophelia he do not have much money . mundi then why not bring he home ? ophelia do not know how to answer , leave a awkward silence . JOHN listen , it 's okay . I do not need any charity . mundi I be not offer charity . Charity have no place here . JOHN I think this be a soup kitchen . mundi oh it be . but it be not run out of charity . there be a bargain , a contract if you will . I offer a bowl of stew in exchange for a appetite . John be confuse . mundi this be my mission , you see . to teach that that will listen that no one need ever be hungry . he have a voice that seem to weave the word around he audience . mundi two percent of the world 's population control ninety percent of the world 's wealth . it sound obscene , do not it ? yet if you be to meet one of the two percenter you would find they quite at ease with it . how do they do it ? his black eye flash like the spin watch of a hypnotist . mundi what be it that they whisper to themselves when they open a closet full of fur coat , or a garage full of sport car ? how do they justify the consumption of so much while so many have so little ? it be painfully simple . they may equivocate , they may obfuscate , but deep down the rich know exactly what I know . they know that this world be cruel , it be unfair and uncare and its single guide principle be dog eat dog . ophelia gee , you be as cheery as ever , rex . mundi perhaps I should apologize for my candor . JOHN not necessary . mundi in that case , would it be a fair question to ask you what bring you to we vanity fair ? JOHN you what ? mundi to the big city ? JOHN oh , just look for a job . mundi be that all ? you seek nothing but a paycheck ? you have no dream ? no aspiration ? JOHN well ... no . I like to cook , I hope one day to open a restaurant . mundi ahh , ambition . that be something I can understand . understand the dream and you understand the man . would you agree with that ? JOHN yeah , I think so . mundi let I tell you , Mr. bunyan , that I be many thing to many people but I be first and always a pragmatist . my mission be grow and gretchen remind I that I be in need of hand . I can offer you the bedroom above the kitchen and all of gretchen 's stew you can eat in exchange for ... you hand . John be surprised by the offer , mundi extend he hand . mundi we have a deal ? JOHN we have a deal . they shake leave hand . behind they , the door to the dining room open and clang shut . for a moment , silhouett against the kitchen 's light we see a very large man . mundi ah , kuru . come , someone for you to meet . kuru move into the room and when he reach the light , we see that it be the man with the blue tattoo . mundi kuru , this be John , we new hand . kuru ignore John , whisper something in mundi 's ear . mundi I must be off . Business . granny will show you the room , John . ophelia -- he tip he hat . mundi it be always a pleasure . together , kuru and mundi leave . granny I will go find you some bedding , John . bye now , ophelia . do not be such a stranger . ophelia and John be alone again . ophelia I should be go too . JOHN listen , do you think -- I mean , would you mind -- ophelia would you like my phone number ? JOHN yes . very much , yes . she hand he a business card she already have in she hand . it read : slimage surgicenter . ophelia it 's where I work . I write my home number on the back . call I . JOHN I will . he watch she leave then regards he increasingly throbbing arm , the spot of blood grow wider . int . john' bedroom - night John stand in the door frame of the small , dark room . it be bare of furniture except for a twin-size metal frame bed and a break chair . a layer of dust cover the floor like moss . a naked bulb hang above John 's head . he tug on the pull chain but the bulb be burn out . int . john' bathroom - night John throw a wall switch and a buzzing strip- light flicker on . cancerous spot of mildew grow everywhere on the dirty tub , shower curtain and tile . John urinate and flush the toilet . then , leave the light on , he edge back into he bedroom . int . john' bedroom - night John sit on the bed , the metal spring shriek beneath he weight . he take off he shoe and lay back , pull the single blanket over he . after a long beat , we begin to become aware of faint noise from deep within the building ; pipe groan , the distant hiss of a radiator . it be though the building be try to digest something . John twist , turn away from the sound . int . apartment stairway - night crouched in the shadow behind the banister , Roman link squat , hide , watch ophelia 's door from the landing above . his breathe be labor , open-mouthed as both nostril be stuff with wad of bloody congeal cotton . below , the lobby door open and close . link press against the spindle to watch as ophelia climb the stair and cross to she apartment . silently , he descend the stair , creep towards she as she pull out she key and unlock the door . a stair creak . ophelia look back over she shoulder and see link . she scream as he lunge , grab at she coat but she rip free of he , squeezing through she apartment door and lock it behind she . link fi ! let I in ! he pound on the door . ophelia what do you want ? what be you do here ? link I do not mean to scare you , fifi . I be really sorry about what happen . he lean against the door , mock pout . link I go a little crazy , that 's all . please , fi , open the door . I need you . ophelia what happen to , " buy you own fuck salad ? " link you know I love it when you use that word . ophelia yeah ? then fuck off ! ophelia feel the steel dinner knife still in she pocket . link bitch . she rip out the knife , hold it up as if to stab he . ophelia do not call I that ! link fifi in heat . ophelia you little prick . link fifi -- come ! ophelia goddamn you ! link good poodle . ophelia stop it ! link pretty poodle . she scream , jam the knife into the door . a inch of the blade splinter through , just miss link ' neck . link step back , laugh . ophelia I be call the police . link I see you leave with that guy . I see you take he to that flophouse . ophelia what ? you be follow I ? he pull out a small plastic folder that be label " master series 1001 - 2001 . " Inside be five skeleton key of which link draw the first . link it 's kill I , fi. just think about you and somebody else . it 's eat I up . she hear the first key go into the lock . the lock jiggle as he twist it back and forth but it do not open . he rip the key out , pull another and jam it in . ophelia back away as he work it against the lock . another key be push in , its tooth fight tumbler . ophelia yank the knife out of the door . ophelia Roman ! link I need you , fifi . he slide out the last key . link you be mine . my fifi. he shove it in , the tooth saw into the keyhole . ophelia Roman ! the lock click and the door float open , stop lightly against the chain lock . ophelia hold she breath . after a beat , she hear he footstep fade down the stair . ophelia lean against the door , still clutching the knife . int . john' bedroom - night John sit up in he bed , hair heavy with sweat stick to the side of he head . dehydration carry he to the plip , plip , plipping bathroom sink . as he rise , we see that he sheet be soak with blood . int . bathroom - night John squint at he bleary eye reflection , turn on the water , and reach for a glass . the glass be knock from the sink top and shatter on the floor . JOHN oh great -- John look down and immediately see why he break the glass . where he hand have be be now a bloody , bandage stump . JOHN oh god ! my -- my hand ! where 's my hand ?! int . john' bedroom his body heaving in panic , John search frantically around the room , under the bed , behind the radiator . JOHN where be it ? oh god , not my hand . I need that ! he turn for the hall . int . kitchen John find rex mundi in the gleam steel and tile kitchen make himself a sandwich . JOHN rex ! mundi smile warmly from behind a mountain of strange condiment , meat , and produce . mundi hello , John . Care to join I in a midnight snack ? mundi drag a serrate knife across a loaf of french bread . JOHN no , rex . my hand -- look ! my hand ! mundi oh my , I see . JOHN someone -- someone steal my hand . I wake up and it be go ! mundi butter the two long slice of bread with clumpy wad of mayonnaise , lick he finger , chuckle slightly . mundi relax , John , relax . can not you see you be only dream ? John stare , confuse . JOHN what ? then -- then this be not real ? mundi begin to pile thing onto he sandwich . mundi Real ? oh no , John . I do not say that . dream be more real , more true than life itself . he look up . mundi they be the sum of we , John . secret whisper while we slumber , revealing who we be . and be sometimes all that we be . mundi return to fix he snack . mundi you say you be miss something . you innocence ? lose childhood , perhaps ? any sexual shortcomings of late ? he smile at John . mundi have you , maybe John , run off and sell you soul to the devil ? John begin to feel a sickness in he stomach . mundi perhaps , though , the answer be a more literal one . mundi close the top of he sandwich . mundi a hand which be a sandwich turn a man into a meal . he lift the sandwich and John see he hand between the two piece of bread . mundi Care for a bite ? he take a huge bite . int . john' bedroom John 's eye crack open . he rub he hand , then he face . JOHN what happen to count sheep ? he roll over . int . mission kitchen - day Close as a pile of raw liver drop into a deep metal pot sizzling with onion and yellow fat . granny stir the reddish brown meat into the mixture , then ladle in another cup of melt fat . as the steam blossom up , she inhale deeply . int . john' bedroom - day John , still asleep , begin to smell granny 's cooking wafting up through the floorboard . the smell be suffocating , as if he mouth be suddenly stuff with liver and onion . his eye pop open . int . mission kitchen - day granny pour a mound of salt into she hand and begin to sprinkle it into the pot when John , stiff and dishevel , stumble into the kitchen . granny Morning . stomach get you up , do it ? granny scoops up a big spoonful . granny liver and onion . base for any good stew . it 's real revitalize . she offer the steaming meat to he , blow on it between she tooth . John swallow hard , try to keep he stomach from turn on he . JOHN no thanks . not just yet . she dump it back into the pot . granny suit yourself . they both turn as the basement door slam open and otto enter carry a large sack of flour over he shoulder . otto be the Mission 's dwarf - like butcher . he be a terribly wide man with enormous hand that he be constantly wiping on he bloodstain apron . granny oh John , this be otto . he handle the goods and delivery and do all of we butcher work . otto wipe he hand before they shake . he let the bag of flour drop to the ground and cross back to the basement door , give John a friendly wink . JOHN you butcher you own meat here ? granny it 's a lot cheaper that way . John watch as otto shut the basement door behind he . after a beat , we hear the click of a lock snap into place . ext . the mission - day John be wander outside the building , explore he new surroundings . it do not look quite as ominous in the sunlight . John turn , follow a strange noise around back . ext . alley - day a large stray dog be chew open some plastic garbage bag pile near a dumpster . JOHN hey boy . find anything good ? as John edge closer , the dog look up , revealing he large canine . John freeze as the growl grow to a bark . the dog coil ready to attack when the back door slap open . otto hey ! otto rush right at the dog . otto get out of here ! go on , get ! the dog whine , bolt down the alley as otto turn to John . otto you alright ? do not bite you , do he ? JOHN no . otto yeah , mostly they be alright , even friendly consider . but when they be hungry , you get to be careful . int . mission kitchen - night wearing heavy , yellow latex glove , John scrub the enormous silver pot granny have be cooking in earlier . there be stack of soup bowl beside he , perhaps three hundred of they , already clean . John rinse the pot and rack it . it have be a long night . he open the door and see the bowl of stew granny leave for he . it be still hot . John smell it . it smell good . he dip a finger into it and sample it . surprise , it taste very good . he grab one of the newly wash spoon . int . mission dine hall - night the only light strip of fluorescent light hang above the far table where granny sit , smoking a cigarette . John sit down with he bowl across from she . granny all do then ? JOHN it be not too bad . that bowl be pretty clean . she smile , nodd . granny they love every last drop . JOHN who be they ? granny the poor . homeless . rex call they the invisible people . JOHN the same people every night ? granny when we start , we have thirty to forty . now we get two hundred . John spoon up he first taste of the stew . granny watch as he blow on it and slip it into he mouth . granny how do you like it ? he chew a juicy piece of the meat , hot in he mouth . JOHN it 's good . it 's really good . she seem as if she 's about to start laugh . JOHN what kind of meat be this ? veal ? granny whatever 's donate . veal , chicken , beef , lamb , rabbit even . John sample it again , try to identify the different ingredient . JOHN garlic , rosemary , basil . lot of pepper but -- he swishes the masticate stew over and around he tongue . JOHN there 's something I can not put my finger on . she smile again . JOHN what else be in it ? granny oh , a little bit of everything . JOHN come on , granny . a secret recipe ? granny everyone 's get a secret . JOHN I do not have any secret . granny you do . you just can not keep they to yourself . granny stare off into the dark edge of the room , exhaling a cottony cloud of smoke . John 's chew fill the silence . he look up . granny I remember when I come to this city . I be young and poor with little one . JOHN you have kid ? granny a long time ago , rex help I . like he help you . she smile she checkerboard smile . John fill he spoon with a big chunk of the stringy stew meat , but stop remember something . JOHN oh , granny , do you think you could loan I a quarter ? I be good for it . int . ophelia' bedroom - night ophelia , in bed , awake and reach to answer the ringing phone . ophelia hello ? JOHN ophelia ? hi , it 's John . John lean against the wall , talk on a old rotary pay phone . ophelia John ? JOHN um , yeah . we kind of meet the other night ... ophelia sit up , rub she eye . JOHN over dinner . she smile . ophelia oh , hi . how be you ? how 's you arm ? JOHN it 's okay . uh , do I wake you ? I can call another time . ophelia no , no , it 's okay . you save I again , actually . JOHN huh ? ophelia I be -- I be have the weirdest dream . JOHN you too , huh ? I think I be punish myself for not get a chance to thank you properly . ophelia oh really ? I think I should be thanking you . he smile . JOHN okay . then thank I by let I cook you dinner . she laugh . ophelia sound easy enough . JOHN tomorrow ? nine o'clock ? ophelia do you mind if it 's vegetarian ? JOHN how could I forget that ? ophelia tomorrow then . he linger , savore she goodbye . JOHN bye . he hang up , a grin spread wide on he mouth . ext . CITY STREET - night we race with a pound roar of drum , down a empty street , around a corner and into a parking lot . faster and faster we glide across the crack concrete which be awash in the bright overhead klieg toward the only car in the lot , a red mercede . we circle around the car , the drum at they most fevere pitch and we see the driver 's door open , the window smashed . it hang open , the only sound be the whining electric warning that the key have be leave in the ignition . on the car seat , we see a splinter break gold inlay cane . ext . park STREET - night the whine become the metal squeak of a break shopping cart . a small figure push the cart which be pile high with green garbage bag down a desert sidewalk , a cigarette hang between she wrinkle finger . Close on the break wheel as blood trickle from the dark load down the chrome frame . int . john' bathroom - night a steady rhythm of droplet drip from the leaping faucet against the soft echoing digestive sound from the building 's pipe . int . john' bedroom - night John , unable to sleep , roll up from he bed in frustration . int . mission kitchen - night the refrigerator door open , frigid light spilling into the dark kitchen . Inside , there be a massive bowl of raw meat . John groan . he turn , reach for a cupboard but pause when he notice the basement door be ajar . with one hand , he gently push and it creak open . down the uneven step , he can make out a light at the bottom . JOHN otto ? he step down . JOHN otto , be you down here ? he look around , then start down the stair . int . basement - night it be the old man 's locker room . except for a sparse few hood electrician 's lamp hang from the web of pipe overhead , it be dark . John slowly move into the labyrinth of rusting metal locker . the red paint , crack and peel , cover the locker door like freeze flame . he creep down the aisle past a bank of old salvage refrigerator and freezer most of which be wrap and padlock with heavy iron chain . int . workshop - night on the pegboard , behind a six foot chopping block , John see various butcher tool ; hacksaws , curve bone saw , and row of glint , metal cleaver and pare knife . a old white radio with a bent hanger for a antenna sit on a workbench beneath the peg board , its knob crusty with smear leave by bloody fiddling finger . a layer of sawdust cover the floor , much of it clump together with dry blood . on a coat hook , John see otto 's apron . JOHN otto ? at the end of the room a dirty , clear plastic curtain hang in front of what appear to be the shower . he edge toward it and slide back the curtain . the room be pitch black . int . the shower after a moment , John find the pull chain for the naked bulb . in the center of the room , hang from the ceiling be several blood encrust meathook . web-like crack have form in the large tile and green furry mold grow in the grout line . near the door , John see a pair of black , heavy rubber boot . the room reek of rot . John catch the odor from a old metal pail and mop in the corner of the room . grabbing hold of the wooden handle , he lift the mop from the pail , cover he nose . there be a nasty wet , suck noise as the tangle mop string separate from the scum at the bottom . in the light , he see the mop be cake with thick , red-brown gore . sicken , he drop it back into the bucket , then turn suddenly , hearing something from the kitchen . John rush for the stair . int . mission kitchen - night John slip up from the basement . mundi stand in the open back door , look out , a silhouette against the alley flood light . from outside , we hear low , animal - like growl . mundi reach to the counter where there be a small pile of meat in unwrapped butcher brown paper . he take a piece of red meat and toss it outside . we hear something scarf it up as John silently back out through the stairwell door . mundi smile almost imperceptibly as he toss another chunk of meat out . mundi good boy . good boy . in the alley , we can make out the unmistakable form of several naked man and woman , hunch protectively over the meat . as they devour it , they bare skin glow sickly under the yellow alley light . int . slimage surgicenter - day Close on a white Persian cat , purring as it be stroke and scratch by a woman with long , red nail . Ms. sedier be a extremely wealthy , older woman sit alone in the clinic 's wait room . nestled in a chair with she mink coat over she shoulder , she seem very much like she over - feed cat who sit in she lap . the clinic be stylishly furnish ; a cross between a modeling agency and a nautilus health club . ophelia enter from she receptionist 's office , smile brightly , carry a clipboard . ophelia we be almost ready , Ms. sedier . I just need you to sign a few more thing . she sit in the chair next to Ms. sedier , point out the line that require a signature . ophelia that 's a beautiful cat . ms. sedier felicity . ophelia here and here . ms sedier continue to sign . ms. sedier they say that animal love unconditionally . no matter what I do or what I look like , felicity will always love I . do you have a pet , ophelia ? ophelia no , Ms. sedier . ms. sedier everyone should . do you know Mrs. kovit ? she have a pekinese . she feed it caviar . can you imagine ? she hand the clipboard back to ophelia . ms. sedier do not you find it funny that some pet live better than some people ? ophelia do not know how to answer . in the background we hear a noise come through the wall from another room in the clinic . it be a high - pitch whine like that of a vacuum cleaner . ophelia well , I think we be ready . would you follow I , please ? she lead the older woman through a series of door to -- int . shelley M. perdue' office - day ophelia open the door allow Ms. sedier to enter . through the open we see shelley M. perdue rise from she desk , move to greet Ms. sedier . shelley M. perdue be a mature look woman , unnaturally , cosmetically perfect . everything about she be slick with glamour magazine gloss . shelley M. perdue Evelyn , it 's so good to see you again . they embrace as ophelia be about to close the door . ms. sedier do you ask she ? shelley M. perdue oh , ophelia , of course you know Ms. sedier be here for a treatment , but she 's a bit nervous after the last one and she ask if it would be possible to have felicity nearby . she be move closer to ophelia . shelley M. perdue I speak with Dr. manno and he say that it would not be a problem so would you be a dear and hold the kitty - cat ? you know I would myself if it be not for my allergy . ophelia do not want to do it . shelley M. perdue take hold of she arm . shelley M. perdue it will not take long and I will mind the front desk . I really do appreciate this and so do Ms. sedier . she smile , she tooth sharp and pearly white . ophelia look at Ms. sedier and she cat . ms. sedier we hate to be apart . int . clinic operating room - day Ms. sedier be lay on the table , surround by several nurse and the cosmetic surgeon , all dress in white and wear mask . everything in the room look sterile and crowded with high tech machine attach to stainless steel cable and hose . chrome -plate scalpel and other operate instrument be spread neatly like a dinner set . Ms. sedier be wear a small hospital gown that leave she lower buttock and leg expose . her flesh be moon - white except for she face which be still cover with make -up . ophelia , cradling the cat , watch from nearby as the operation begin . we hear again the whirring of the vacuum clearer but now it be very loud . ophelia see the large clear container of the liposuction machine as it begin to fill with white , viscous wad of cellulite . int . mission kitchen - night a large hunk of butter be throw into a heavy skillet and begin to melt . John flash a large knife over a onion , do he best benny Hana imitation . he carry he cut board over to the large skillet and scrape the various vegetable into the hot , melt butter . as he turn up the burner , he look at the clock . it read 7:30 pm . int . john' bathroom - night John step from the shower , drying himself in the swirl steam and move toward the sink to shave . he wipe a circle in the fogge mirror and we see he face lather with shave cream . dragging a cheap disposable razor across he cheek , he nick himself . Close on the blood as it trickle down the white shave foam . he touch the blood . there be something about it . the redness . something he have never notice before . slowly , John bring he finger up to he nose . then to the tip of he tongue . he look up at he reflection as though he name be just call . the steam have refogge the mirror somewhat , he image blurred . int . mission kitchen - night steam wisp up from a rich burbling spaghetti sauce . there be a soft knock on the back door , John throw it open . ophelia I be so sorry I be late . JOHN what ? oh no , no . you be ... perfect . she smile from the bottom step . ophelia I be starve . JOHN good . everything taste better when you be hungry . he take she hand , lead she in and close the door . int . mission dine hall - night John and ophelia walk towards the far dining table . it be romantically set , include candlelight . the candle , propped up in tin can , lean at strange angle . ophelia John , this be so nice . he help she into a chair and lift a large jug of wine to fill they glass . JOHN only the freshest wine for the lady . she look at the can and laugh , find they terribly cute . JOHN it 's the best I could do on my budget . ophelia oh no , no . they be perfect . everything be . Close on a candlestick as it suddenly begin to collapse , as though superheate , time - lapsing into a melt , multitier globular pool of slag wax . dinner be almost over . they be still nibble at the tangle of saucy red noodle on they plate . the wine bottle be nearly empty and they both be feel quite warm . ophelia when I be little , I want to be a dancer . my mother send I to a special school one summer . it be horrible . the instructor would weigh we every Monday in front of the entire class . whoever weight the most win the piggy prize and have to wear a little piggy nose for the rest of the week . JOHN yikes . that 's pretty horrible . ophelia yeah , but in a way , I be grateful because I learn real quickly what dance be all about . it be not tutus and ballerina shoe . it 's a brutally competitive world where you learn to torture you body to survive . JOHN and how long do that take to learn ? ophelia eight week . one summer . tutu bury in the closet . never see daylight again . JOHN Wise woman . ophelia not wise enough . I go from want to be a dancer to want to be a model . not a big difference . take I much longer to figure that out . after high school , I come here to the city . I go to all the agency . they like I but everyone tell I I need " work . " my nose , my chin , my breast , my hip . they all need work . JOHN you mean surgery ? ophelia yeah . that 's how I meet shelley . I be about to get a nose job and I just break down . I could not do it . she talk to I for a long time . I guess she like I ' cause she offer I a job . JOHN do you like work there ? ophelia sometimes it do feel like we be help people . other time ... I do not know . she drain she glass and he refill it . ophelia what about you ? have you always want to open a restaurant ? JOHN I do not think so . but I have always love cooking . ophelia well , you be a incredible cook . dinner be delicious . JOHN thank you . ophelia oh god , speak of dinner , look what I find in my pocket the other day . she pull out the knife from the diner . ophelia I do not know why I keep it . JOHN uh no . I think my arm be have a flashback . ophelia God , if what happen to you happen to I , I would have be on the next bus back home . JOHN no . I can not go home . ophelia why ? JOHN I be from this small town . total hicksville . unless you have be there you can not imagine it . every day be the same . the people be the same . nothing ever happen . live there be like be dead . it 's night of the live Dead , but it 's night and day and night and day of the live dead . ophelia what about you parent ? JOHN live dead . ophelia they can not be that bad . JOHN my parent and I never really get along . we have a fall out when I be young . ophelia how young ? JOHN Seven . ophelia laugh , almost choke on a sip of wine . JOHN I find this duckling with a break wing so I decide to bring he home and take care of he . ophelia aw . JOHN he be really my first pet . I take he everywhere which be funny because I would always see my dad come back from hunt and he would have all this duck hang upside down from he belt . I figure that be the way you carry duck . so I would loop some string around he foot and hang he from my belt . ophelia do not he bite you ? JOHN no , he would just fall back and he wing would spread loose and he would dangle there until I let he down . ophelia the poor thing . JOHN it get worse . we have a rule on we farm that no animal could have a name , for obvious reason . but that duck be my best friend . so in secret I give he a name . I call he Jesus . ophelia Jesus ? JOHN I be just a kid . anyway , after about a year , Jesus get nice and fat and one day when I come home from school and I smell something cooking -- ophelia oh no . JOHN oh yes . from then on I never like school and I never trust my parent . ophelia that be so sad . JOHN you know what the worst , the weirdest part of it be ? I eat dinner that night . ophelia you eat poor Jesus ? JOHN I have to . they make I . even stand over I while I clean my plate . but Jesus sure do taste good . she study he with the kind of intensity that be only possible after consume large quantity of alcohol . JOHN what ? ophelia I be try to figure out why I be so attract to you since you do not have a hairy back . JOHN you like hairy back . ophelia no , I hate hairy back but I always seem to end up with man that have hairy back . JOHN what about hairy palm ? she laugh . JOHN I be glad my back be not hairy . ophelia so be I . the urge to touch , to feel , to kiss be over - power , magnetically so , pull they up from the table to each other , they lip snap tightly as they embrace . she tear open he buttone shirt and reach for he jeans . every action seem to drive they farther , each desire lead to another . he lift she , sit she on the table , right where he have be eat . he push she dress up past she thigh as she lean back on she hand , dizzy with alcohol . we watch she reaction , light by the flicker candle , as he pull off she underwear . a smile creep across she face , then a short giggle . ophelia he feed I , then eat I . we see they from the dark edge of the room . her thigh be wrap around he head when she suddenly feel a chill . ophelia John , wait ... he look up over she leg . look around , then up at she . they laugh guiltily as he lift she up . we hold on the table listen to they laughter fade as they run for the door . int . second floor hall - night move down the hall towards John 's door , we hear the sound of violent love make . it sound almost bestial . the door open , as the sound rise to they most desperate and wild and we see the lover sound asleep , the sheet wound about they naked intertwined body . but the wild animal sound continue , as we move over the bed to the open window . the sound be come from outside , rise up from the alley . they grow more and more vicious , until -- a scream . John lurch up . ophelia stir slightly , as he ease from she side and go to the window . outside in the alley , he see two stray dog savagely fight over a large bone . White , against the dark fur of the dog , its strange shape catch John eye . it be a bone he have never see before . after a moment , he close the window , shutting out the noise . ext . the CITY scape - dawn the sun have begin to rise . int . ophelia' apartment - dawn ophelia enter , close the door behind she . she be very dishevel , she dress not zipped all the way up , still very tipsy and smile . obviously , she have a good time . then she hear something . something inside she apartment . it be still and dark inside , the orange of dawn hardly visible behind the draw blind . ophelia who 's in here ? her heart pound as she reach for the nearest light . ophelia I have a gun . the light click on a metal desk lamp , and she shine it into the darkness . she let out a scream when the improvise spot find -- Roman link , hunch strangely , stand on she futon bed . he look over he shoulder , he break nose be tape up , he eye wide like a animal freeze in the headlight of a car . ophelia shit , Roman ! what -- link bitch ! he charge at she and she see that he be naked under he long black leather coat . link bitch ! filthy , fuck bitch ! she rip the lamp from its cord , the light flash blue as it die . as he lunge at she , she swing the lamp violently , catch he on the side of the head , knock he over a chair . link scurries wildly to he foot and race for the door , still scream . she slam the door behind he and slide the heavy iron deadbolt . she nearly crumble with relief , but realize something be wrong with she apartment . there be a terrible smell . int . mission kitchen - day granny stir up a mixture of liver and onion as John enter , a smile stretch from ear to ear . his hair be point in various gravity defy position . JOHN that smell good . granny and a good morning to you , John . John smile . granny I see you company leave this morning . JOHN you do ? be she all right ? granny oh yes . wearing a equally ridiculous smile . John smile even harder , almost blush . JOHN man , I be starve . granny worked up a appetite , do we ? maybe you would like a taste ? she scoops up a spoonful . JOHN right now , I could eat anything . she offer he the steaming help of meat and wet onion and he open wide . it 's hot and he chew carefully . he be again surprised by the richness and flavor . Rolling it in he mouth , the liver seem to melt away , he face contort orgasmically . granny smile , hold she spoon like some bizarre advertisement . int . ophelia' apartment - day in the background , we can hear a vigorous scrubbing sound . the phone begin to ring but the scrubbing do not stop . the answer machine click on . JOHN ( v.o. ) when I wake up I be think maybe it be all a dream , but then I find , well not exactly a glass slipper ... int . mission stairwell - day John , on the pay phone , be hold she bright pink panty . smiling , he smell they , as if they be a country morning . JOHN but this be not you typical fairy tale . int . ophelia' apartment - day ophelia , on she hand and knee , be wear rubber glove , scrubbing the carpet with a heavy brush and sudsy water . JOHN ( v.o. ) perhaps I should scour the countryside , try every butt , search for the perfect fit . she drop the brush into the bucket and grab the phone . ophelia hello , John , I be home . JOHN ( v.o. ) hey ! I call work but they say you be not come in . not hungover , I hope ? ophelia not exactly . JOHN ( v.o. ) be you okay ? ophelia I do not know if I want to talk about it . JOHN ( v.o. ) oh no . be it Roman ? there be a long beat . ophelia yes . JOHN ( v.o. ) shit . what happen ? her voice be very faint . ophelia he just scared I . when I come in he ... JOHN ( v.o. ) what ? he do what ? ophelia he piss all over my apartment . JOHN ( v.o. ) ophelia , just tell I where he life -- ophelia no , John . I call the police . they be look for he . I have the landlord change the lock . I do not want it to get any worse . JOHN ( v.o. ) okay , I understand . but if you need anything . anything . ophelia thanks . John , I have a really beautiful time last night . JOHN ( v.o. ) so do I . ophelia call I tomorrow . JOHN ( v.o. ) I will . int . slimage surgicenter - day Ms. sedier be again in the wait room . she sit awkwardly as she thigh , buttock , and abdomen be encase by heavy medical binder use to patch the liposuction puncture . there be a tension to she body as though she be afraid that motion might cause some seepage , some meaty human juice to leak out of the sieve- like hole . ophelia be you all right , Ms. sedier ? ms. sedier you be smile today . ophelia be I ? I guess I be . ms. sedier be it a boy ? her smile brighten . ophelia yes . ms. sedier of course . I remember that smile . it feel wonderful while it last but that 's the trouble with smile , they never do . the smile fade . ophelia and how do you wish to pay for this visit ? ms. sedier by check as usual . ophelia there be a problem with you last check . ms. sedier I have already speak to shelley about that . ophelia Fine . ms. sedier can I ask you something , dear ? how much do you weigh ? ophelia one hundred eighteen . ms. sedier a size seven ? ophelia six . ms. sedier I once weigh one hundred four pound , wear a size four and have a eighteen inch waist just like scarlett o'hara . she lean back and smile . int . clinic operating room - day Doctor manno position Ms. sedier 's lower leg in the stirrup of the adjustable operate table . Ms. sedier stare up past the bright light at the mirrore ceiling as the anesthetic be feed into the air mask . dr . manno okay , Ms. sedier . from one hundred . ms. sedier 100 , 99 , 98 , 97 ... she suck at the gas , she thought drift up to the mirror . ms. sedier 95 ... 90 ... Mirror , mirror on the wall ... outside the observation window , ophelia pet the fat white cat . the sudden vacuum whir make the cat cry out . ophelia shhh , it 's okay . the cat continue to cry and as Dr. manno go to work , felicity squirm and jump free . ophelia felicity ! she follow the darting cat who run straight to shelley 's office . int . shelley' office - day the cat stop , circle a pair of high heel , its white tail curving up the perfect calf of shelley perdue . shelley ophelia . ophelia I be sorry , Ms. perdue , the cat get spook . shelley I be fine . come here . look . she be stand at the wall adjacent to the reception area . the two - way mirror behind ophelia 's desk allow shelley to look into the wait area while maintain the privacy of she office . shelley be that he ? the one you bring to the mission ? ophelia look out the glass and see John talk to mimi , one of shelley 's stun beauty technician . ophelia yes , John . shelley he 's adorable . ophelia smile again . ophelia he be . she start to turn for the door . shelley wait . watch . I want you to see something . look at he eye . mimi smile at John , bat she luscious false eyelash . John joke with she , smile boyishly . finish a report , she stand to return a file to a open cabinet . the drawer be very low . she bend . he watch . shelley yes . there they be . eye like that never lie . ophelia 's smile again fade away . shelley do not feel hurt , ophelia . or jealous . he be only look at she as one might look upon a Monet , or a Michelangelo . beauty demand we admiration . his eye speak for he but you must not fault they honesty . she scoops up the purring cat . shelley but if I be you , I would certainly ask myself , do he look at I like that ? int . reception area - day John turn as ophelia enter the wait area . JOHN ophelia ! ophelia John , what be you do here ? JOHN I come to take you to lunch . I make reservation . ophelia reservation ? JOHN yeah . they do let you eat lunch , do not they ? ophelia yes . she grab she coat and purse while mimi smile at they . mimi have a nice time . int . restaurant - day it be a trendy little bistro . a char , pepper-crusted filet mignon be set before John . JOHN this be exactly the kind of place I would like to open one day . oh , that smell good , do not it ? she nod as a walnut and avocado salad be place in front of she . there be a clatter of wield knife and stabbing fork as John begin saw open he meat . JOHN it can not be too big . that 's the trick . the bigger it be , the more prep there be , the less fresh it be and the more assembly line it become . you might as well open a McDonald 's . God , I be starve . Red , ruddy juice ooze from a glisten cube of steak that he pitchfork into he mouth . ophelia it 's lovely , John . I have always want to come here but it 's so expensive . he nod , he jaw grind hard while she watch he , she fork furtively advance on she salad . ophelia where do you get the money ? suddenly he grimace , choke down the lump of meat . ophelia be something wrong ? JOHN have a funny taste ... like charcoal . maybe it 's overcooked . he poke at the bloody steak . ophelia be you kid ? it 's almost raw . JOHN it 's suppose to be . he continue to eat but try to cut away the char crust , slice out the reddest part of the steak . ophelia so , you do not answer my question . JOHN granny give I some money , she say she know I would play she back some day . ophelia she 's so sweet . JOHN yep , she be . and she 's a helluva cook . her stew be amazing . I be try to get the recipe . it 's unbelievably rich . how 's you salad ? ophelia it 's good . JOHN yeah , but I know what you really want . he stab a tiny bit of steak onto a single fork tine . JOHN come on , just a little taste . ophelia John , you know I do not eat meat . JOHN why not ? be it a taste thing or a ethical thing ? ophelia ethical ... mostly . JOHN you do not believe that vegetable die for you ? ophelia they do not have eye . JOHN what do eye have to do with life ? a blind man be not alive ? that 's not ethic . it 's just discrimination . ophelia I do not have to have a reason . it 's a personal choice . JOHN I know but it 's not like it 's the forbidden fruit here . you will not burn in hell for it . and one tiny teeny weeny taste will not turn you into some kind of strung out meat addict . so come on , just try it . ophelia why ? why do you want I to ? JOHN have not you ever watch two people in a restaurant feed each other , share they food ? I know why they do it . it 's because they be in love . they want they lover to taste what they be taste to feel what they be feel . that 's all it be . ophelia smile nervously . ophelia okay -- she watch as he lift the tiny , uneven cut of meat to she mouth like a bizarre communion . she close she eye , she lip slowly parting as he slip the fork inside . John smile as she chew . JOHN Little party go on in there I think . ophelia shiver , the heavy taste bloom through she . ophelia I can not believe I just do that . I must really like you . JOHN in that case , why do not we pick up some pig 's foot and have a real lunch . ophelia oh , I get it . you be Satan . JOHN you hate I now ? ophelia I be not sure . maybe I just need a taste , a tiny teeny weeny taste . she lean toward he and they kiss . ext . restaurant - day from far away , someone watch as they exit the restaurant . we hear the mucus whistle of he breathe and a sound that repeat rhythmically ; swick , chick ... swick , chick . ophelia that be wonderful . thank you . JOHN can I see you tonight ? ophelia I would like that . Roman link peer around the corner of the alley , fondle a switch blade that he continue to open and close ; swick , chick . ext . the mission - night a crescent moon cut scythe-like through the cloud . int . kitchen - night John be wash bowl . the stack appear to have double in size . he be about to drow another beneath the sudsy water when he notice a small puddle of stew gravy at the bottom of the bowl . he slip off he yellow latex glove and run he finger along the curve belly of the bowl . stick the coat finger into he mouth , he suck . after a moment , we hear a small crunch as he absently bite down . JOHN ow -- shit . a tiny drop of blood swell around he knuckle and he suck on he finger again . outside , one of the alley dog begin to bay . int . slimage surgicenter - day there be several woman in the wait area , all of whom be read glamour magazine . ophelia , at she reception desk , be also read a glamour magazine . the only sound in the clinic be the rattle of magazine page be turn . beneath she desk , ophelia rub she thigh together . she have a terrible itch on the inner part of each thigh . glancing up , she surreptitiously slide she hand under she dress . as she scratch , she nail catch on something that hurt to touch . concerned , she go to the bathroom . int . bathroom - day alone in a stall , she pull she dress up and examine she thigh . there be several red sore swollen with irritation . at the center of each sore be a white protuberance , like a stye but harder . int . dr . manno' office - day shelley be talk to Dr , manno when ophelia enter , obviously upset . ophelia I be sorry to interrupt , Ms. perdue , but there 's something ... something wrong with I . shelley what be it , dear ? ophelia I do not know , I think it be just a rash but it 's get worse . shelley it 's all right . come . sit here and let 's let Dr. manno have a look . she gesture to the examination table and ophelia sit , fitting she foot into the steel stirrup . swing a light between she leg , Dr. manno examine the sore . shelley oh no . ophelia what ? what be it ? dr . manno do this hurt ? ophelia ow -- yes ! shelley how bad be it ? dr . manno difficult to say . ophelia tell I , please . what be it ? dr . manno calcify cellulite . in certain case , particularly with vegetarian , cellulite spread beneath the derma like a spore , typically in dark , moist place like between toe or the inner thigh . the danger be that it be impossible to know how large the tubor have get . he probe she flesh , feel a large lump . with a pair of gleam stainless steel forcep , he clamp hold of one of the white nub . he pull and the nub be reveal to be a thick white stalk like a root grow from the eye of a potato . ophelia wince and writhes in the chair as Dr. manno continue pull the stalk . dr . manno it 's come . hold on . the side of she thigh bulge , the root obviously connect to something much larger . ophelia scream as the fist-like potato of calcify fat be tear from she thigh . int . ophelia' bedroom - night ophelia continue to scream , bolt up from she bed . JOHN ophelia ?! ophelia breathes , look at John , realize she be in she apartment . ophelia it be a dream . just a bad dream . she open she leg and examine the inner thigh . JOHN what ? be something wrong with you leg ? ophelia do you know what that be ? there be several small dimple - like mark on she thigh . JOHN no , but it look good to I . he start to bite she but she push he away . ophelia it 's not funny . it 's cellulite . it mean that I have a diffuse pattern of irregular and disconnective tissue . it 's a genetic predisposition . that 's what 's so horrible . there be olympic athlete with cellulite . it do not make any sense , why would nature design something like this , or acne , or wart . what 's the purpose ? JOHN so people like shelley perdue could make a lot of money . ophelia that 's not a answer . JOHN I do not know , ophelia . maybe nature be evil . ophelia do you know the only way to get rid of cellulite be to go u.t.k .? JOHN u.t.k .? ophelia under the knife . it 's do with laser now but we still call it u.t.k. she lean back down , switch off the light . ophelia I think you be right , John . nature be evil . ext . alley - night a big stray be viciously digging at the garbage behind the mission . sense someone , he head jerk up . Roman link stop . he look terrible , still wear the same clothes ; one brown crusty wad still plugging he nose . the dog growl . link growl back . the dog coil onto its haunch , bare its tooth . link slide the knife out of he pocket ; swick . the dog attack and link slashes a bright red cut across its flank . howling , the dog scamper away . link smile , wiping the bloody blade on he pant leg . prowl along the back of the Mission , link search for a way inside . he find a rotting piece of plywood cover a basement window and pries it open . int . basement - night worming through the small window , link drop down among the stall of the men' room , the toilet be black with a unctuous grime . he slip on a patch of congeal grease as he move through the shower into the locker room . int . locker room - night creep through the maze of locker , he find the work bench . several pound of meat and miscellaneous organ have be feed through the grinder . huge pile of hamburger sit proportion onto butcher paper . sniff , eye wide as he react to every noise , link creep toward the refrigerator . one of the chain hang loosely around the bulbous waist of a old frigidaire . the padlock be open . quietly , link pop the door . in the white light and swirl frost , he expression turn to horror . the door slam shut , revealing kuru . link yelp , coiling back , he knife flash from he pocket . kuru see the tiny blade and smile . from the back of he belt , he unsheathes he massive gurki like blade . ext . mission - night several smaller dog now digging through the garbage react to a terrible animal - like scream . int . slimage surgicenter - day ophelia be sit anxiously at she desk , stare into the appointment book . there be no name schedule after three thirty . ophelia begin to circle the open space , she pen orbit the only blank hole in the book . after a moment , the circle become a spiral , the pen trail whirlpool until the entire space be blacken into a inky tangle . she look over at a clock . it be three twenty . she be now very nervous . glancing at the mirror that separate she from shelley , she get up and go to the bathroom . int . bathroom - day ophelia talk to the reflection . ophelia this be not a big deal . people change themselves every day . it be as natural as get a haircut . it 's more natural than have you ear pierce . if you have a cavity , would you ignore it ? no . you see , it 's not big deal . but if it be not then why be I freaking out ? I do not know ! you need help -- the door open and shelley smile . shelley there you be . ready ? ophelia take a breath and look back into the mirror . the reflection answer . ophelia yes . int . operating room - day hydraulically , the chair rise into position . ophelia stare at the mirrore ceiling , breathe in the gas , as Dr. manno move between she spread leg . ophelia see shelley stand over she ; angel - blue eye stare down , a smile half - hide beneath the surgical mask . shelley do not worry , ophelia . everything will be fine . it 's just like magic . you go to sleep and when you wake up , you will feel wonderful . you leg will be smooth and beautiful . it 's what you want , be not it ? to be beautiful . ophelia 's body become light , transubstantiate with the gas and she feel herself float up towards she reflection . through the slur syrup of she sense , she hear the whir of the machine . the first tiny white bit of ophelia 's inner thigh slap against the glass wall of the catch as the splattering sound become -- int . ophelia' apartment - night the cough hiss of whipped cream spitting out the nozzle into a cloud-like mound . ophelia put a spoon into the chocolate sundae and carry it to the live room . John be on the futon . he look like a piece of overcooked meat ; he eye be dark and hollow , he face grey and gaunt . ophelia be you sure you be okay ? you do not look very good , John . JOHN I be fine . I be just tired . tire and hungry . she hand he the sundae . ophelia I hope this help . JOHN you be not have one ? ophelia no , I can not . JOHN why ? ophelia my surprise . John scoops up a spoonful of ice cream into he mouth . JOHN ahh yes . the surprise . when do I see the surprise ? her smile say something naughty . ophelia I do it . JOHN do what ? slowly , she slide she loose fitting dress up over she thigh , revealing the heavy white binder . JOHN oh god . what happen ? ophelia I get some lipo . JOHN what ? ophelia I tell you . the cellulite . JOHN ophelia , you be crazy . you body be perfect . ophelia as perfect as mimi's ? JOHN who 's mimi ? ophelia the one you be drool over when you come to take I to lunch . JOHN I be not drool . ophelia you certainly be . JOHN maybe a little . but I be not really interested . ophelia oh no ? JOHN no . there be nothing to she . I could tell . she 's like a appetizer , pretty , but never very satisfy . ophelia be everything about food with you ? JOHN food be life , you know . he grab hold of she , lift she into he arm . ophelia what be you do ? JOHN I be take you to you bedroom . ophelia I think you want dessert ? JOHN I do . int . ophelia' bedroom - night it be later . they be both asleep , fit tight to each other like spoon . again , John be have a torture night . his face be wet with sweat when he body seem to jerk he awake . there be a smell in the air that swirl about he like a perfume . he turn and see the bandage on ophelia 's thigh . his gut squeeze hard and demand as a fist . sick and afraid , he push himself off the bed , away from she . ophelia ... John ? what be you do ? hurriedly , he get dress . JOHN I have to go . I be not feel very good . ophelia I know it . something be wrong . JOHN I just need some rest . ophelia promise I you will go see a doctor . I will give you the money . just promise I . JOHN okay . I will . I promise . now , go back to sleep . ophelia kiss I . he do , but as she eye close and he pull away , he notice something he never have before -- the taste of she lip . quickly , he leave . ext . CITY STREET - night John cross the street towards " Babe the Blue ox 's bbq , " a late night take - out joint . there be a group of rowdy in leather , sit outside despite the cold , guzzle beer and gobble barbecue chicken . smoke be billow from the stack and John catch the scent of char-broil rib . he grimace . a woman in the group , nibble at a chicken wing begin to laugh , a high drunken cackle . something be wrong . John look at she and see that she be now hold a large , fleshy piece of raw meat . the human like skin flap with she laughter and a piece of gelatin fall to the table . leather man hey , what be you look at ? John turn , glimpsing that the woman be again hold a chicken wing . leather man dickhead . John hurry away , clutching he stomach . very faintly , a ambulance siren can be hear . something catch he eye and he stop beneath a sign that read : " casmir 's Butcher shoppe . " the siren be get louder . his head cocked , stare into the window listen to a sound that be grow in he head ; a sound like the buzzing of fly . the ambulance boom past , splash red light across John and the store front window . in that moment John see hang in the window , massive slab of rancid meat cover with maggot and fly . dotte with black ink spot of rot , they swing ever so slightly , drip oil and gelatin to the ground . John spin away , double over as he vomit . we see the window now fill with a beautiful assortment of meat and sausage . ext . mission - night John stumble toward the open alley door when he catch a scent that immediately bolster he strength . int . kitchen - night mundi be at the stove , stir the burbling stew which be in a unusually large pot . mundi welcome home , John . JOHN where 's granny ? mundi off to bed . she 's leave I to tend the stew . JOHN God , it smell good . mundi you be hungry . I can smell it on you breath . JOHN I have not be feel very well . my stomach ... be upset . mundi perhaps just a taste then ? JOHN yeah , maybe . just a little . mundi step away and John edge closer to the stove . the rise vapor envelop he with medicinal magic . mundi smile as John slurp the thick broth from the spoon . JOHN mmm , that 's good . he dip the spoon in for another when a hand shoot up out of the stew and grab he wrist . scream , he wrestle to get free as the stew - demon rise up out of the brown magma until we see he face and realize -- it be John . int . john' bedroom - night he wake , terrify . gradually , the panic subside and , as it do , thought begin to fill he mind with the chill of ice water . determined , he rise from he bed and head for where he know he must go . int . mission kitchen - night a long blade knife be push through the wall and John methodically jimmy back the bolt from the jamb . the door swing open without a sound . the stair curl like a beckone finger into the darkness below . John descend , sweat almost immediately , clutching he knife . from below , we begin to hear music , barely audible , crackle through the old , cheap radio . int . the locker - night the music be a catchy little muzak number like " the girl from Ipanema . " through a slit , John see otto in the workshop . the butcher 's hand be bloody to the elbow as he carry something that look like a bleed basketball . John move with he , catch glimpsis as otto waddle to the nearest refrigerator , a bulbous 1950 's model which he open . stand in the wash of white refrigerator light and a swirl mist of cold steam , otto check the object and then set it inside . he then close the door and go back to work . silently , John make he way towards the refrigerator . in the background , over the continue muzak we hear otto as he return to work . the sound be grisly , lead the imagination towards the most gruesome speculation ; the back and forth grate of a see , follow by a series of shredd sound like corn be husk and then a snap like the crack of crab leg . John inch towards the door handle as suddenly the crack stop . after a beat , there be a chill suck sound . John , he heart pound from he temple to he toe , open the refrigerator . Inside he see the eyeless , tongueless , saw - open head of Roman link . the white tape still cover he break nose . a scream catch like a barb in John 's throat . the knife slip from he hand , clatter to the floor . his hand cover he mouth as he stumble back , slamm into the locker . otto , still suck the marrow from the femur bone whirl at the crash and see John . he let out a shrill animal yelp as -- John run . otto grab the nearest cleaver and flail after he . John slam through the row of locker , around a corner towards the stair now in sight but , otto whip around the corner gain -- raising the cleaver as John stumble on the first step , then lunge up the curving stair just as otto swing -- the cleaver just miss , embed into the wooden tread . jerk it free , otto scale the stair into -- int . kitchen - night but John be already go , the back door throw open . otto be about to follow when a hand reach out and stop he . otto hunch back like a heele dog as rex step toward the door . he close it and , in he black eye , we see the hint of a smile . int . ophelia' apartment - night the apartment door signal be buzzing . and buzzing . the light go on and ophelia enter , obviously annoyed , hit the intercom . ophelia if this be you , Roman -- you fuck asshole -- the police be on the way -- she switch to " listen . " JOHN no. no. ophelia -- it 's John . ophelia John , it 's three - thirty -- JOHN please , ophelia , something happend -- something bad -- she press the " enter " button . as soon as she unlock the door . John burst in . he be shaking and out of breath . his hair , despite the cold , be slick with sweat . ophelia John -- what happen ? immediately , he be pace around the small apartment . ophelia be it Roman ? a little squeak jump out of John 's mouth . ophelia do you see Roman ? John nod , hand wring , finger knotting . ophelia in the mission ? JOHN in the refrigerator . ophelia what ? you see Roman in the refrigerator ? John nod again , unable to speak . ophelia oh , I see . it be another bad dream . JOHN no . no , it 's real . they tell I what they be do . they tell I the first day . ophelia told you what ? JOHN they butcher they own meat . it 's cheaper that way . ophelia John , you be not make any sense . JOHN but I do not know ! I swear to you I do not know ! ophelia all right . I be call the police . JOHN no ! you can not ! ophelia why not ? JOHN because they will not ... believe I . ophelia believe what ? JOHN that I do not know because I be there , like everyone else . every night . two bowl . they will know it 's still inside I , they will smell it . I can smell it ! ophelia smell what ? JOHN the meat ! ophelia John , something be wrong with you -- JOHN I know , I know . it 's the meat . I can feel it . I eat it every night , ophelia , and it 's make I sick because ... his stomach convulse . JOHN because ... ophelia what ? say it . JOHN it taste so ... horror and revulsion rise with human bile as he clamp he hand over he mouth and run to the bathroom . force herself to remain calm , ophelia follow . int . bathroom - night John be kneel on the floor , half - dead , he head still hang over the toilet . she kneel beside he , take hold of he . ophelia it will be okay . maybe its some kind of food poisoning . make you half crazy . shiver and weak , he wrap he arm around she . ophelia you need rest . you need sleep . as she hold he , he breathe begin to ease . she softly kiss he head rest on she shoulder . he turn he head , kissing she neck when something happen to he . she feel he body go rigid with fear . there be the soft curve of she neck , he smell something , something just beneath she skin , something that taste ... good . ophelia John ? he scream , scramble away from she . ophelia what ! what !! he 's too terrify to speak . ophelia goddamnit , John , you be scare I . JOHN something 's happen to I . ophelia what ? JOHN I do not know ! she jump to she foot . ophelia enough of this shit ! she throw open the medicine cabinet and grab a large bottle of sleep pill . she fille a glass of water . ophelia you need to calm down . you need to sleep . when you wake up , we will talk . she shove the glass into he hand . ophelia open ! he open he mouth and she drop in several capsule . he drink and swallow . fade out . fade in : int . ophelia' apartment - day the room be still dark , the venetian blind hold back the morning . John , he face as gray as ash , be asleep on the futon , wrap tightly in a mess of sheet . it be a torturous night . a smell fill he nostril , a terrible gag smell and he cough , waking up . rex mundi , fully dress , be sit in the room , deep in shadow . a single slice of light cut across he mouth . mundi good morning , citizen . John scramble back into the corner . JOHN how do you ? where 's -- mundi the fair ophelia step out to find you something to eat . he grin . mundi but it will not be enough , will it , John ? JOHN I know what you be do ? mundi of course you do . you have know all along , from the very first bowl , that first mouthful -- JOHN that 's a lie ! mundi you body know at once what it have inside of it . it be what it have always want . John can feel he stomach , a great gape hole , as empty as it have ever be . mundi it be what everyone want . John grimace . his stomach feel like the skin of a sausage grill , about to rupture . JOHN what 's wrong with I ? mundi you body have be set free . mundi watch John in obvious anguish . mundi there be only one true desire , John . everything else be a lie , a lie that begin for most when they be pull from they mother 's teat and give a bottle of cow 's milk . John try to stand , to move away . he do not want to hear this . mundi the mind learn to accept what it can not have , but deep inside , the body never forget . JOHN no . mundi you can eat until you be sick without ever feel sate or satisfied -- why ? you will gorge yourself on the flesh of every animal except one -- why John ? because you be afraid . afraid of what you really be . afraid that what you be be all that you be . JOHN no ! mundi I remind you . I wake the truth inside you . now , the appetite be alive . John , drip with sweat , sink to the floor , clutching he stomach in agony . JOHN God ! mundi there be no god that can help you . the appetite be a part of you now , gnaw away . you can feel you stomach try to digest itself . mundi pull a heavy package , wrap in butcher - brown paper from he pocket . John stare at it and we can almost see he begin to drool . mundi throw it on the floor between they . mundi you can make it stop . give it what it want . feed it . John hesitates , he glance shifting from mundi to the package . mundi feed I . on hand and knee , John lunge for the package , tear it open . bloody cube of raw meat spill out . John stuff they in he mouth , gobble they down . mundi smile . mundi good boy . good boy . ext . CITY STREET - night it be a bitter cold night , outside a dull , gray , office building . after a long beat , we hear a woman giggle . as the giggle grow louder , we see a man and woman push out through the revolve door of the building . he be push with both hand on she ass . they stagger out , obviously drunk , laugh as she stumble in she high-heel . they laughter be swallow by the emptiness of the city . the woman be dishevel ; she blouse not fully buttone , she hair tousle , she lipstick smear . her appearance suggest they just have sex , yet he look exactly as he probably look early this morning when he enter the building . even he tie be fix tight to he collar . he reach into he pocket and pull out he wedding ring and slide it on . the woman 's laugh die ugly . woman oh , yes . there it be . he look at she indifferently . woman you could wait five more fuck minute . man it do not bother you when you see I take it off . woman God , you be a pig . I do not know why I fuck you . he smile . man you want to keep you job . stun and sicken by he , she rip a ruby earring from each ear . woman you make I sick ! I do not want any part of you anymore ! she throw the earring at he , spin on she heel and walk away . man see you tomorrow . he smile , pick up the earring and slip they into he pocket . whistle , he head towards the entrance of a underground parking garage . its staircase darken into a black shadow that swallow the man as he descend . int . staircase - night the man appear , round the corner of the first level . abruptly , he stop , notice a figure huddle in the corner of the landing below . it be John dress in garbage - pick clothes . the man look away and continue down the stair toward John . JOHN mister ? mister ? the man do not acknowledge he . JOHN mister , can you help I ? John reach out with he hand as the man pass . JOHN I be hungry -- John grab hold of the man 's pant leg . the man be repulse and jerk he leg free . his footstep quickly fade down the stair . JOHN hungry ... John crawl to the edge of the landing , listen as the door to the level below open and close . int . underground garage - night the vast garage be ominously empty and silent , save for the man 's hurried footstep . from behind , the door again open and boom shut . the man stop and look back at the circle of light around the door . it be empty . there be faint rattling in the distance . to he leave , he hear the sound of someone run and he turn , catch a glimpse of a shadow that disappear behind a steel column . man be someone there ? another series of run step ; a flash somewhere else . the metal rattling grow louder , closer . the man 's eye be darting . he seem freeze , like a deer . he bolt . in the dark edge of the garage , behind the row of column , he can see they ; shadow , run with he . it be a wild chase weaving through the iron and concrete column that seem like the tree of a man-made jungle . the man can see he red jaguar ; the silver cat be poise on the hood as the man race towards it . behind he the predator gain . he tear out he key and jam the key into the lock when -- there be a animal shriek . John bound up , spring over the car , landing on top of the terrify , scream man . they tumble to the ground , John roll away . the man , free for a moment , try to get back to the car , scamper on hand and knee . he reach for the handle , for the key , but the key be go . he hear the jingling key behind he . he begin to cry , turn to see -- the predator surround he ; John , otto , and kuru , dangle the key . the jingle of the key blend into the metal rattle as granny move into the half circle , push she grocery shopping cart . man what do you want ? he throw he wallet at they . man here -- take it ! take it ! please do not hurt I . they close in on he , kuru and otto take hold of he arm as the man , feeble , unable to resist , continue to sob . granny sssh , now . this will just take a minute . she pet he head , try to calm he . granny it 's okay , nothing to worry about . she run she finger across he forehead , coating they with he sweat . she lick they , taste , smack she lip and tongue . not bad . inspecting closer , she reach under he arm , pinching he fat . he be now cry uncontrollably . granny congratulation , John . from she shopping cart , granny pull a baseball bat . granny he 's a keeper . she give John the bat and push he up to the plate . the man on he knee , he arm still hold behind he , look up at John pitifully . John stand motionless . the man begin repeat the word " god " over and over . John raise the bat . the man drop he head as he fill he pants with urine . John 's grip loosen . JOHN I can not ... granny stand behind he , whisper in he ear . granny you can and you will . because deep down you want to . John shake he head . man please ... granny look at he , John . see he for what he really be . meat . that 's all . Fresh marble meat that you can smell . meat you can almost taste . John 's mouth begin to salivate . granny there be only one truth in this world , one law to obey , one rule to survive . eat , John . eat or be eat . his face contort viciously as he raise the bat . the scream fill the entire garage . the bat fall . there be a loud pop as the bat strike the back of the man 's skull . the scream fade , but never seem to die ; just a dim echoing roar in we ear . granny pat John . granny you be one of we now . kuru and otto lift the body of the man and load it into the shopping cart . int . slimage surgicenter - day ophelia walk down the hall towards the glass door of the clinic . she dig the key from she purse and stoops to unlock the door when she notice a manila envelope with she name on it . Inside the envelope be a note from John : " I be sorry that I have not be myself lately . I hope this will help you forgive I . " she tilt the envelope and a pair of ruby earring spill into she palm . they be the same earring the woman throw back at the man . ophelia smile and unlock the door . int . slimage surgicenter - day ophelia be admire she new earring in the mirror behind she desk when shelley enter . shelley good morning , ophelia . ophelia Morning , Ms. perdue . shelley how be you thigh ? ophelia much better today . shelley I be so proud of you , ophelia . it be a big step , be not it ? ophelia nod . shelley believe I , the first step be always the hardest but now a whole new world of possibility have open up for you , you can feel it , can not you ? ophelia yes , I suppose I can . shelley and you be still so young and pretty . ophelia thank you . shelley now maybe we will finally get to fix that little nose of yours . she wink teasingly and pass ophelia but stop at the door to she office . shelley oh yes , cancel Ms. sedier 's appointment today . ophelia all right . be there another problem ? shelley yes , but I have take care of it . I do not think she will be back . smiling , she shut the door behind she . int . mission basement - night stretched limply over a hanger , suspend in the dark space above we , be a beautiful dark fur . in the background we can hear John and otto , though they voice be muffle . otto there be one basic rule of thumb . the richer they be , the more they eat , the better they taste . JOHN be that why rex want this one ? otto I do not know . I think this one be a favor . we pass under the dark emptiness of the fur . otto see here , on the flank and all along the butt and thigh . lipotract . all the tasty bit , suck dry . but she be not bad . ahead , we see the voice be come from the shower room , which be hide by the heavy plastic shower curtain . there be a gap at the bottom , where we can see into the room . otto now grab one of they bottle . we can see John 's shoe and the heavy rubber boot that otto wear . on the floor beside they be a funnel and several green wine jug . the jug be empty . John bend down and lift one of they . otto hold it like this . here . we hear the quick zink , zink , of a knife be sharpen . we see the three figure in the room , more define through the foggy plastic . the two darker figure be otto and John , which can be determine by they foot . the other figure appear to be suspend in the air and through the translucent haze of the curtain , it look like a great side of beef ; white and pink , the color of suet and meat . otto you just pull back on the hair and cut . blood suddenly sprinkle onto the floor around they foot . otto the bottle ! the bottle ! the blood stop , as we hear it fill the bottle . otto slap the naked flesh . otto this one here will probably fill three and a half or so . after they be drain , I will show you what 's next . it 's easier than you think . Zink , zink , the knife sharpen again . otto here at the tailbone , about a inch deep , right down the spine . there be a strange zipping sound . John step back as though he suddenly lose he balance . blood be miss the bottle and splattering around he foot . otto then , here ... and here . we be almost to the curtain and the blood be everywhere , puddle on the floor . otto then you just cut a finger hole ... and tear . a awful tear noise begin as -- the bottle that John have be fill , slip out of he hand , shatter on the tile floor , in a deafen explosion of green glass and blood . John turn towards the curtain , lung out , gulp air . the heavy rubber boot step through the pool of blood , glass crunching underfoot , past the swinging shadow of the hang body . otto throw open the curtain and find John sit on the bench between the locker , breathe deep and look very sick . otto shake he head , disappointed . otto granny 's probably get some work for you upstairs . John look up . JOHN I be sorry ... otto you can throw all that stuff in the furnace . but not the coat . it 's a good coat . otto snap the curtain shut and again we hear the knife sharpen . int . mission kitchen - night a bowl be be wash . John pass it under the run water , rinse it , then set it in the rack . John stare blankly as he lift another dirty bowl from the cart . the crusty , brown remnant of the stew , thin scrape line leave from the spoon . John begin to hear the scraping of the spoon against the bowl . he be unable to move , listen . we hear the man eat , slurping the stew , smack on the thick piece of meat . John look at the enormous stack of dirty bowl pile on the cart . the number have grow to almost comic proportion . we begin to hear more eat noise . the munch , scraping , clatter spoon multiply , grow louder , swell , until it seem the entire dining hall be stuff into the tiny kitchen . suddenly , there be a knock on the back door , cut the noise short . John shut the water off go to the door . he throw the bolt and open the door to find ophelia . she pull back she hair , revealing the ruby earring . ophelia I love they . she embrace and kiss John who react awkwardly . ophelia I ... think you be feel better ? JOHN I be . I just , I mean , I wish ... he glance at the open basement door . JOHN you should not come here anymore , ophelia . ophelia why not ? he do not want to answer the question . JOHN come on . let 's go upstairs . int . john' bedroom - night John shut the door . ophelia John , what 's go on ? you have to tell I . I want to know why you be act so strange the other night and why you disappear that morning . JOHN God ... ophelia what ? he can not stop himself from smile at she . JOHN you be so beautiful . she blushes . JOHN how be you leg ? ophelia they be fine . JOHN can I see ? he sit on the bed beside she and try to push she skirt up . ophelia no . I can not remove the bandage yet . JOHN just a peek . ophelia no , John . stop. come on , talk to I . JOHN talk about what ? ophelia what happen the other night ? JOHN I do not know , I be not sure I can explain it . and even if I could , I do not think you could understand it . not yet , anyway . ophelia what do that mean ? JOHN I have just have this feel lately that there 's this connection between we , like we be head in the same direction and that , right now , you be learn the same thing that I be learn . ophelia learn what thing ? JOHN thing like who and what you be . and more importantly , what you want . he lean into she and kiss she neck . JOHN you like the earring ? ophelia yes . very much . but I have to know where you get the money for they . and do not tell I granny give it to you . JOHN they be donate to the Mission . ophelia by who ? JOHN a older woman , or , I mean , she estate . she die and give everything to rex . he say I could pick out what I want . I take the earring and ... he cross to the closet . JOHN I be go to save it and give it to you later , for you birthday maybe or Christmas but I think you should have it now . from the closet , he pull the long , lush fur coat . ophelia clamp she hand over she mouth . ophelia oh my god . John offer it to she though she seem almost scared to touch it . JOHN do you like it ? ophelia it 's beautiful . her finger disappear beneath the thick , soft fur . JOHN try it on . she smile guiltily , but turn and let he slip it on . ophelia oh , god , John . I can not believe this . there 's woman who come to the clinic who have a coat like this . I have always wonder what it would feel like to wear one . she model herself in the mirror , wrap in its luxuriousness . John , behind she , be excited by the animal skin . he bury he head in she hair which tumble loose in the fur . he feel the fur against he naked arm wrap around she . ophelia oh , no . he kiss she neck and ear . JOHN what ? ophelia it feel wonderful . JOHN good . ophelia no , it 's bad . JOHN why ? ophelia it 's fur . it 's not right . JOHN you say it feel good . she smile , almost intoxicate by the feel . ophelia it feel incredible . JOHN listen to what you body want . she laugh . ophelia that sound like rex . he unbutton she blouse , expose she naked body beneath the black coat . his hand stroke across the fur find she breast . ophelia John , please , we need to talk . JOHN no , no one need to talk . she moan , close she eye . she moan again . and he answer in a low , almost bestial growl . he begin to bite at she hair , she shoulder and up along she neck . the more he touch she , she warm flesh under the animal skin , the more excited they become . he press she against the wall , he hand move through the fur , down she wallet , where he begin to pull the coat and she skirt up along the back of she thigh . against the wall , in the shadow of the room , lose in the coat , she look very much like a animal stand on its hand leg . he begin to nibble at she ear lobe . lick it , pull at it with he lip and as he suck it we hear she earring tinking against he tooth . suddenly , she expression change . blood begin to seep from he tightly purse lip . ophelia John -- ow ! he hold she tighter . ophelia John , that hurt ! she scream and as she tear free , we hear he tooth bite through the cartilage . John stumble back , he mouth and chin cover with blood . she cover she bleed ear . ophelia Jesus ! ophelia throw off the coat . ophelia what be wrong with you ?! John , stunne , still have something in he mouth . JOHN I love you . shake she head , she rush out the door . John be unable to say anything , unable to understand what he have become . after a moment , he taste the piece of she earlobe and earring in he mouth . he spit it into he hand , blood and saliva run between he finger . he close he hand into a fist , hold it tightly . John turn to the window and watch ophelia burst into the alley , run from the building . he be see press against the pane of the window , like a animal press against the bar of its cage . granny open the door to John 's room . granny John . John can not move . ophelia be go . granny gently turn John from the window . she begin to clean the blood from he face with a dish towel . granny tsk . have a little mess , here , do not we ? he stand numbly , he fist still clench . granny it 's hard at first . it will get better . John , suddenly , look straight at granny . JOHN I bit she . granny I know , honey . I know . it 's okay . it 's natural . she continue to clean he , dabbing the towel to she tongue and then wiping he face . granny do you know that cat eat they young ? rex keep tell I that , over and over . she pause for a moment , remember . granny I feel so bad about it , for a long time , but rex just keep say , " it 's natural , gretchen . it 's natural . " that 's when I wonder . something have to die for something else to keep on live . she put the towel to he nose . granny here , blow . John blow he nose into the towel . granny now , you just need to get some sleep . she lead he to the bed . granny sleep make everything feel better . he lay down . she see the blood leak from he fist and try to open it . he jerk it away from she . granny okay . I know . one day you will understand . you will see . he clutches he fist to he chest and roll away from she . dissolve to : int . john' bedroom - night it be much later that night . John be have a nightmare , toss in he sleep , he face bead with sweat . int . the parking garage - night everything move very slowly as John rise up to see himself stand with the baseball bat . he see everything from the perspective of the man he kill . the bat smashes down . int . john' bedroom - night John 's head whip sideways as if he have be bashed by the bat . int . shower - night John be hang upside down , stare at the tile floor and the foot of otto and John , as otto slit he throat . we watch as John hold the bottle , catch the stream of blood . the bottle slip and we see it slowly fall and smash -- int . john' bedroom - night John bolt upright , he mouth gape , as though he be try to scream , but could not . he grab he throat to make sure it be not slit . he calm down , he breathe begin to slow . he look at he hand , which be still knotted into a tight fist . slowly , the hand open , but to he horror , it be empty . the earring be go . he jump out of bed and run to -- int . john' bathroom - night click on the white light , John go to the sink and turn on the cold water . he gulp at the stream for a long time before come up for air . he lift he head and catch he reflection in the mirror . he see he have begin to sweat tiny bead of blood . he try to wipe it off but he cannot . he begin to cough . he double over , he face turn bright red , unable to breathe , unable to dislodge the object catch in he throat . he gag , a spray of blood dotting the sink , and hack something out onto the porcelain . it be a entire ear with the earring . he start to scream . int . john' bedroom - night John , again , cover in sweat , bolt upright from he dream . there be blood on he lip . he look at he fist and open it . the earring be go . he start to cry , collapse into himself , curling up in the bed . JOHN oh god . what 's happen to I ? int . slimage surgicenter - day it be late , near the end of the day . the phone ring and ophelia answer it . ophelia slimage surgicenter , how can I help you ? detective darrow ( v.o. ) this be detective darrow with the Chicago p.d . I need to speak with one shelley M. perdue . ophelia yes , of course . one moment . she put the detective on hold . ophelia Ms. perdue , there be a police detective that would like to speak to you . shelley ( v.o. ) really ? how strange . put he through . ophelia go ahead , detective . ophelia be about to disconnect but stop herself and stay on the line . detective darrow ( v.o. ) Ms. perdue , I be sorry to bother you but I be investigate a miss person and I need to ask you a few question . shelley ( v.o. ) of course , detective . detective darrow ( v.o. ) can you verify that Ms. Evelyn sedier be a patient of yours ? shelley ( v.o. ) yes , she be . for several year , we have be see Evelyn for a variety of procedure . detective darrow ( v.o. ) do Ms. sedier have a appointment schedule on the afternoon of the 12th ? shelley ( v.o. ) yes , she do . but the appointment be cancel . detective darrow ( v.o. ) can you tell I why ? ophelia fiddle nervously with she bandage ear . shelley ( v.o. ) there have be a problem with Evelyn 's payment for the past several appointment . detective darrow ( v.o. ) she owed the clinic money ? shelley ( v.o. ) forty six thousand dollar , I believe be the figure . detective darrow ( v.o. ) I see , one last question , Ms. perdue . do you have any idea what might have happen to Ms. sedier ? shelley ( v.o. ) I be sure I do not know , detective , but why do not you ask my secretary ? ophelia look back at the mirror , feel the presence of shelley behind the silvere glass . shelley ( v.o. ) she have be listen to we conversation . I suspect she can tell you what happen to poor Evelyn . ophelia no , I do not know anything . the phone line go dead . ophelia twist back to find rex mundi , he hand still over the phone . ophelia rex ? what be you do here ? mundi you know the answer to that question , ophelia . ophelia I do not . I swear I do not . mundi move around the desk as ophelia back away . mundi of course you do . you try the coat on , do not you ? you know the truth the moment you try it on . ophelia no , that 's a lie ! he step closer and ophelia pull the dinner knife from she pocket . ophelia get away from I ! mundi oh yes . I love a little vinegar in my green . he grab for she and she swipe wildly , ducking past he and bolt into the hall while -- shelley appear behind she and grab she by the throat . shelley remember , rex , she 's mine . you get the boy . I get the girl . ophelia scream , fight for the knife which she twist free and -- slashes across shelley 's breast , cause clear saline to arc from the lacerate implant . from behind , mundi grab ophelia , lift she into the air . shelley you little bitch ! you be go to pay for that ! int . operating room mundi slam ophelia down onto the operate table . ophelia no! no! please ! he hold she down as shelley hold she in place with a heavy roll of white medical tape . ophelia why be you do this ? mundi if you look deep enough , you know the answer , ophelia . be not this all you fault ? do not you bring John to the Mission in the first place ? ophelia who be you ?! mundi laugh . mundi would you like I to tell you that I be a demon , a incubi as old as hunger itself or that shelley be bear beneath the face of the first mirror ? shelley rex , never reveal a woman 's age . mundi perhaps you would prefer a more secular answer . that we be manifestation of human nature create by you subconscious to anthropomorphize you darkest fear , you guilt and desire . he move in closer , savore she helplessness . mundi the conclusion be really the same , be not it , my dear ? he be close enough to whisper . mundi nature be evil . he smile , show she the long hollow needle - tube of the liposuction machine . ophelia begin to scream when shelley stuff she mouth with gauze and secure it with more tape . shelley suck it all out , rex dear . suck she dry . I want every last lovely drop . the machine whir to life , and mundi begin inspect the meaty part of each thigh . shelley do not worry , pretty girl . it will be over soon . it 's just another bad dream . she smile . shelley be not it ? ophelia scream into she gag as mundi insert the needle and begin to suck the life out of she until -- int . ophelia' bedroom - night she wake , shaking with fear . ophelia oh god ... John ... the word seem to conjure a resolve and she suddenly know what to do . int . mission - night ophelia creep down the back alley , look for a way into the mission . she find the basement window that link break open . int . men' room - night ophelia crawl down into the putrid lavatory . the smell of the basement assault she . quietly , she move through the greasy rot of the shower and enter the locker labyrinth . she hear someone descend the stair . try to keep herself calm , she hide inside one of the locker . kuru turn the corner just as she close the door . carry several empty wine jug , he walk past the locker where she be hide . through the metal slit she see he . suddenly , like a dog catch a scent , he stop . his nostril flare . blood pound against she temple as she body set , rigid with fear . he seem about to look straight at she when he turn and continue on he way . with painstake care , she open the locker , then hurry as silently as she can to the stairwell . int . kitchen - night coldly quiet , the kitchen appear to be empty . ophelia rush to the back staircase . int . john' bedroom again wrestle with he dream , John lay in a tangle of sheet . ophelia sit softly beside he , touch he gently . ophelia John . he jerk awake as though electrify by she touch . JOHN ophelia ? he look around , expect another dream . ophelia yes . it 's I . I be here . she touch he face and the warmth of she hand fill he with emotion . he wrap he arm around she , draw she in tight . JOHN ophelia ... I be so sorry ... ophelia no , it 's not you fault . I bring you here . she take hold of he . ophelia John , look at I . the police be at the clinic today , ask I all sort of question about shelley and Ms. sedier . then they start ask about rex and the mission . he pull away from she . JOHN you should not have come here . ophelia why ? what 's happen here ? JOHN please , do not ask I that . ophelia I want to help you . JOHN you can not . it 's too late for I . ophelia no . I do not believe that . come on , we be get out of here . she grab he clothes from the floor and begin dress he . JOHN please , ophelia , leave this place and just forget about I . ophelia I can not . I will not . do not you get it ? I love you . he feel that word , try to heal some part of he . JOHN ... I love you too . ophelia then come with I . he nod , when suddenly he see something over she shoulder that frighten he . ophelia what be it ? she turn and find mundi stand behind she . mundi ophelia , you be , as always , a feast for the eye . kuru stand at the door , a bloody baseball bat cradle in he arm . ophelia rex ? good . I be hope to see you . I want to thank you and to say goodbye . mundi yes . I believe you will be say goodbye but you will not be leave here , will she John ? John can almost feel mundi squeezing he intestine . mundi I speak with shelley , ophelia . she tell I you be talk to the police . ophelia I do not tell they anything ! I do not know anything . mundi poor ophelia , still live in denial . like so many other , unable to face what a part of they have always know to be true . there be only one truth that be universal , that be eternal and everlast . his eye gleam with the wet-black of coal . mundi Hunger . ophelia feel the knife in she pocket . mundi it be hunger that drive we , hunger for power , for love , for money , for beauty . it be hunger that shape we , that give we life purpose , and in the end , it be hunger that separate the world into the only two distinction that matter : that of predator and that of prey . he step towards she with malice in he grin and she rip the knife from she pocket . ophelia stay away from I ! mundi oh yes , I do enjoy a little vinegar with my green . ophelia feel a strange dyslexic blur of dream and reality . mundi what be it , ophelia ? you look as if you have see a ghost . he grab the knife hand , twist it behind she . ophelia no! John , help I ! mundi yes , John . help she . kuru hand John the bat . he turn to ophelia , he eye cold and dead . ophelia John ! John ! JOHN ophelia , you should not have come here . his grip tighten on the bat . ophelia John , fight he . it 's not too late , you have to believe I . John ? please , I love you . mundi of course . the magic elixir of love . but what be love , really ? sadly , it be little more than something we simply acquire a taste for , like sex , or power , or chocolate . I myself must confess to a certain weakness for vegetarian . he hold she face as if he might kiss she , stare at she mouth . mundi such beautiful canine waste ... ophelia rip free of he grip and bite down , sink she tooth into he hand . mundi howl with rage as -- John 's face contort as a bestial cry rise out of he and he raise the bat -- smash it down , crack it against mundi 's head . ophelia tear free and mundi fall while john attack kuru , force he back into the bathroom until -- he grab ophelia and they bolt from the room . kuru help mundi , blood ooze down he temple as he quickly regains consciousness . mundi kill they ! int . stairwell - night otto rise up the stair , a cleaver in each hand as ophelia and John turn , scramble back up the stair . at the end of the hall , kuru now rush towards they as they flee , run wildly through the first open door -- slam it and bolt it just as kuru batter against it . ophelia what be we go to do ? cage window glow with moonlight . it seem that they be trap . John examine they even as kuru and otto continue to bludgeon on the door . there be a small padlock and latch which be screw into the window jamb . JOHN I need ... he take the dinner knife from she . the screw turn , painfully slow , as the door shriek with every shoulder blow . finally , the cage open . they be over two storey above the alley . to the leave , several window away be a open window . JOHN it 's the only way . the bolt begin to splinter . JOHN you first . ophelia summon she courage and crawl out onto the stone ledge . JOHN I be right behind you . force herself to stare at the open window , she edge toward it . John look back once , the door suddenly quiet , then climb out onto the ledge . together they slide , inch by inch , along the thin stone edge . JOHN careful . ophelia slowly reach for the sash , bend down , she crawl into the dark open . there be a muffle bump , as if she fall to the floor . JOHN ophelia ? he edge closer , unable to see inside the black hole . JOHN ophelia ? he be about to climb in when otto jump out at he . John shout , twist away but lose he balance -- his arm flail wildly , try to find some kind of hold as he begin to fall -- he dive forward , grab hold of the window ledge . leg kick helplessly , he dangle over the alley , hold onto the ledge with one hand . mundi step out of the shadow , look down at John . JOHN ophelia ! mundi she 's here . do not worry . she will be join you soon enough . mundi smile . mundi you come here with only one thing to offer I . you hand . that 's why I could not let you leave , John . we have a deal . he nod to otto and John suddenly see the horror of what be about to happen . JOHN nooo ! there be the flash of a sharpen wedge of steel as the cleaver -- bury itself into the wood sill , just behind the bone of the wrist and -- John scream , plummete to the alley below where he slam into a pile of over - ripe bag of garbage . fade to black . fade in : int . shower - night we be unsure of where we be . dirty white line of moldy grout stretch out like line of longitude of a dark , unreal world . we begin to move , drag roughly , we blurry single eye slide along the greasy green ceramic tile . we vision fade in and out as the world begin to tilt with a racheting chain ringing in we ear until the hard green square slowly fall away and spin lightly beneath we . we be dangle there when we see the bloody stump at the end of one arm as we realize that we be John , naked , hang upside down in the shower room . again , we black out . int . meat freezer - night ophelia jerk awake . she be inside a dark , cold space that feel like a coffin . scream , she beat against the door which give enough to let a sliver of light in . ice-cold , she skin be pale moon - white , she lip already blue . her breath steam around she as she realize she be lock in one of the refrigerator pack with slab of bright red and white marble meat . int . shower - night kuru lean over the invert John . kuru you be stew now , john-boy . otto what be you do down here ? you see the time ? granny 's gonna need help serve . kuru in a minute . I just want a little sip of he while it 's still nice and warm . int . refrigerator - night ophelia kick viciously at the door but a padlock chain be wrap around and through the handle . she crack open the plastic shelve - form , expose the inside of the door . tearing out the old foam insulation , she find the nut to the back of the handle . int . locker room - night otto grab he knife and the sharpener . as he pass one of the refrigerator , we see a handle screw turn and fall , make a tiny plink against the floor . int . shower - night half conscious , John begin to hear a familiar sound ; zink , zink . he try to reach up to free he foot but he have no hand . JOHN ophelia ... kuru she 's on ice , John -boy . after dinner 's serve tonight , rex promise we a little treat , sashimi . otto grab he hair , pull he back , expose he throat . otto grab one of they bottle . kuru hold the bottle with the bloody funnel under John 's head . the knife gleam unnaturally bright and long , like death 's scythe , arcing towards he neck . suddenly , all the basement light go out . otto Fucking fuse . int . locker room - night behind the bank of refrigerator be the main fuse box . otto slip in behind the large freezer and find the circuit main have be trip . otto what ? int . shower - night John see he pile of clothes nearby . they seem to be out of reach but he begin to swing toward they , each time draw closer and closer . int . locker room - night kuru find the chain curl around the base of the refrigerator and the invert , limp handle . kuru otto ! otto ! otto turn just as ophelia plunge a long bone knife into otto 's hump . otto you bitch ! he grab for she but she knee he in the groin , shove he back against the wall where the knife hit the open fuse box -- electrify otto , cooking he instantly . int . shower - night with the faintest of hold , John catch the sleeve of he coat . int . locker - night kuru see otto 's twitching body fall to the floor . ophelia run into the dark metal labyrinth of the locker as kuru lunge after she . int . shower - night strain to stay conscious , John search the pocket until he find what he need ; the dinner knife . int . locker - night ophelia creep silently through the maze , try to not even breathe . kuru follow she scent ; a true predator stalking its prey . she turn a corner , move through the black space by touch , she finger use the locker as the blind use braille . there be a sharp metal bang behind she . she freeze , afraid . crouch , she listen , almost feel the darkness come alive around she as -- we move up to the top of the locker where kuru stand barefoot , perch above she like a jungle cat . his knife hiss against the leather of he belt . ophelia hear it and bolt -- rushing blindly , search for the shower until -- she run straight into kuru . he slam she back , pin she against the locker . the long knife trace down she body like a finger . kuru oh ... I just be die for a piece of this ass . hear something , he turn to see John heave the enormous wine jug -- smash down onto kuru who crumble under the explosion , fall with a shower of blood and green glass . ophelia and John collapse into each other 's arm . int . kitchen - night granny stand at the edge of the basement stair , call into the stygian dark . granny otto ! kuru ! quit you monkey business and get up here ! can not you hear they ? behind she , through the double door , the clatter of spoon can be hear . fretting , she wipe she hand on she apron and go to the stove . granny rex ? rex ! dammit , where be you ? I need help . she try to lift the enormous pot of stew but it be obviously too heavy . the stew sloshes about precariously and as some spill over the edge , splattering against the floor , the clatter spoon seem to react . John , dress now , with a towel wrap around he hand , lead ophelia up from the stair . granny whirl around . granny oh ?... John , ophelia ... her smile be dark and toothless . JOHN we be get out and if you try to stop we , I will kill you . they cross to the metal backdoor but each and every lock have be throw . JOHN where be the key ? granny smile innocently . granny I might know -- JOHN where be they ! granny please , John , I need help . can not you hear they ? it 's late . so late . they be hungry . they have to eat . everyone must eat -- he rush at she , pin she throat against the metal refrigerator with he forearm as he search the pocket of she apron . granny you can not leave , John ! no one leave rex ! no one ! John find the key but when he turn to ophelia , granny attack . ophelia look out ! she jump on he back , knock he into the counter where he slam against the enormous oven . falling , he grab hold of the oven door which yawn open as they tumble to the floor . granny sink she few remain tooth into he shoulder , blood bubbling out around she leathery lip as -- John , howling mad , get hold of she and flip she over onto the oven door which he quickly kick shut -- Rolling she into the hot metal box , lock it shut as she yowl in pain . the oven jerk and bang , smoke billow out until she scream die . John stumble over to the steel door . the room seem to grow quiet . there be a dream -like quantity to the number of key and lock and a dream- like quality to the struggle to find each match . with only one hand , John fumble the key ring . smoke swirl around he , sweat sting he eye as a single sound begin to rise , like blood pound in he temple , a sound that blot out even the metal clatter of key ; the soft burble of stew . ophelia John , let I help you . he almost can not hear she as she take the ring of key . the stew continue to call , siren -like , luring he towards the stove . he stand over the pot , finger - like wisp of fragrant stew steam curling around he , run through he hair . turn away , he look at the smoke- blurred image of ophelia , try to open the door . JOHN hurry ... please ... he see himself reflect in the metal door of the refrigerator . a fat bubble of stew pop as the distant rhythm of beat bowl grow more and more insistent . his mouth begin to water , he stomach growl and , when he glimpsis the reflection again , he do not see himself , he see mundi . the final lock snap open and ophelia throw open the door . outside , the alley seem empty . ophelia John ! come on ! when she turn back to the open door , rex mundi be there . mundi leave before a meal be bad luck . ophelia no! John ! he grab she by the neck , back she into the kitchen , gag she with he other hand . mundi it 's all right , John . go ahead . one last taste , one little finger dip , and then you can go . John feel mundi take hold of he . mundi I give you my word , John . one last taste and I will release the lovely ophelia and you and she may do as you wish . ophelia try to scream , " no " as John stand at the edge of the stove . JOHN no . no more deal . John grab the entire pot and lift it . mundi what be you do ? he pitch the pot forward , throw half the stew onto the floor . the steaming brown liquid rush over mundi and ophelia 's foot , run across the tile , spilling under the double door . mundi what have you do ? there be a huge commotion of scraping chair and table as hundred of people scramble to the door . the first few slam against they , follow quickly by a dozen more . John hold the pot which be half fill with stew . mundi give that to I . John shake he head as outside become a feed frenzy , tongue and finger lap at the bottom of the door . mundi if you want to live you will give that to I ! JOHN let she go ! the frenzy become more and more violent , mark by bestial cry as body begin pound against the door . mundi you be make you final mistake , John ! JOHN let she go ! mundi remember this , John . wherever you go , I will be there with you . remember that . you be what you eat . he shove ophelia towards he . mundi now give it to I . JOHN take it ! he throw the remain stew at mundi , cover he from head to toe in thick , brown gravy . mundi oh no . the double door burst open with a savage force as -- John and ophelia jump into the alley , slamm the door shut , brace against it as the tidal wave of humanity slam mundi against the metal . blood pour out of the bottom of the door , a unnatural amount of blood , a waterfall of red , rush down the concrete step and wash over they foot . the pound against the door become -- int . diner - night the pound of a single palm against a bottle of ketchup . the bottle cough and the thick red sauce gush onto a hamburger . hungry man Mom , I be starve . as the man sink he tooth into he hamburger , we see John and ophelia enter the diner . it have be several day . both be bandage , John 's hand thoroughly wrap , and be carry they suitcase . the fat cook watch as ophelia reach into she pocket . she slap the dinner knife onto the counter . it be bent and fleck with blood . Arm in arm , they turn and leave . fade out .