the night watchman by James ellroy current rewrite by Jamie moss produce by Lucas Foster alexandra milchan erwin stoff Tom lassally 3 Arts entertainment 310.888.3200 ext . parking lot - dusk in the darken recess of a empty lot border by a hillside , two 20 year-old lounge against a gold benz . we ' 1l know they as charlie and other charlie . Charlie toss a vietnamese dice in the air - he know it as ' bua cua can cop 's - leave other Charlie to guess which animal on the six - sided dice come up . the game end as -- a ' 87 camaro approach , its heat - inflate tire crackle over gravel . driver 's Pov : the young man through the windshield ; two vodka miniature in the unseen driver 's palm . he roll they like a poker player with he chip , contemplate he move . Charlie tap he watch - ' you be late 's - as ludlow emerge . he remove he sunglass , twitching , itching , and squinting in the set magenta sun . bloodshot eye bleed into bloodshot skin . he look ... like a guy who peak alongside he ' 87 camaro . ludlow konnichiwa . charlie what ? ludlow ' konnichiwa 's . konnichiwa . it mean hi. ( wave to other Charlie ) hi. hi. hii -- ( karate chop the air ) -- ya ! watch yourself . I have you there . ludlow dance about : Muhammad Ali on meth . ludlow you guy need any Tina ? you party later ? it 's free if you do it with I . charlie lower you fuck mouth and open the trunk . ludlow okay , do not decide right now . ludlow begin to open the trunk , then suddenly slam it -- ludlow the money !! what about the money ? the young man 's nerve be fray . other Charlie lift he shirt - a stack tuck into the waistband of he sag . ludlow alright , business first . check this american sword ... ludlow open the trunk , revealing a massive 50 cal . machine - gun . they all stare at it . other charlie the fuck be that ? we say machine gun ... ludlow it be a machine gun . other Charlie try to wedge it out of the trunk . charlie the kind you can carry . ludlow I could not get any of that . but this baby 's from the Vietnam war . she 's get character . shit - probably even mow down a few of you relation in its day ... now you can mow down some of mine . other charlie ( the machine gun ) it 's fuck stick . ludlow okay , tell you what . you double this -- ludlow reach into other Charlie 's jeans for the money - have he hand slapped away . ludlow ow. fuck . okay , I be say you double that - I 'il throw in the car . what do you say ? you wanna upgrade ? charlie nigger I drive a mercede fuck benz . and if I want you faggot - ass ride I will take it . other Charlie stand next to he friend , viciously still . other charlie and konnichiwa 's not vietnamese . ludlow jeez , sorry Charlie . how be I suppose to tell ? other charlie what 's that now ? ludlow find himself backing away from they . ludlow what ? I be just say it 's confusing . you get eye like apostrophes , but you dress white , talk black , and drive jew. ( plead for a laugh ) right ? what ? right ? they jump he . ludlow wait , no , do not , no , no !! ludlow take a terrible beat , fist and boot into he face and torso . his keys be rip from he clutch . charlie Dumb fuck tweak . ( one last kick ; then ) go , let 's go ! both car spin out , spraying gravel over ludlow . he lie still , gasp in the dark . then , painfully , he sit up . feel he ear . blood drain out . he need a ambulance . instead , he get to he foot ... straighten he hair ... be - button he shirt ... and start walk . ext . liquor store - night two rancid prostitute loiter , one of they dress as a nurse . ludlow limp past they to a payphone . drop in a quarter , dial a number . outside the booth , the non-nurse approach the glass . she smile - show off fake mangle tooth - and point lazily to ludlow 's bloody face -- prostitute ( she friend ) she 's a nurse . ludlow turn away from the bizarre scene as someone pick up he call . he simply say : ludlow where ? ext . little saigon - night moth rattle inside break , blink streetlight . underneath , it 's halloween . costume child run between vietnamese garden to cramped home - a patchwork of color . ludlow stalk through the dark night , crossing down a square - off road . he spot a 10 year -old darth vader sit on a bike . and darth , not trick - or-treate , spot he . ludlow charge the young ' look - out 's , scoop he off he bike and scoop a pager from the boy 's hand . ludlow read the pager as the boy kick he furiously . ludlow ( in vietnamese ) go home . ludlow look ahead , stalking further down the dead end STREET ... ext . house - night ludlow scurries to he car , park at the curb of a shabby house . in the crumble driveway , the gold benz glint . pull key from he pocket with bruise finger , ludlow quietly unlock he trunk . the machine gun be gone , but he pull back the base mat , revealing a low - jack tracking device . we glimpse a few other toy as well : a 9 mm , four clip , a kevlar vest ... ludlow look back down the street - no sign of backup ... look at he watch ... look back at the house ... int . house - a few moment later ludlow follow he 9mm inside . a 16 year -old sit freeze , X - box controller in hand . ludlow ( whisper ) where 's she at ? the X - Boxer shake he head . he may not know , he may not understand , but he 's definitely about to piss himself . ludlow make a ' keep play 's motion , scoping out a back room . he point down the hall , then hold up two finger : ' two of they back there ? 's the scared X - Boxer hold up two finger - as if simply imitate ludlow - then two more on he other hand : ' four of they . 's ludlow steel himself - that 's more than he bargain for . he graciously reopen the front door , allow the scared kid to scamper out . down the hallway , ludlow step carefully ... we hear chatter from inside the back room . ludlow open the door , unnotice , to find four men huddle around he 50 . cal machine gun like kid at Christmas . ludlow Charlie . other Charly ... ( ignore the gun ) where 's she at ? the man be take completely by surprise . but they stay quiet . they be calculate ... four of they , only one ludlow ... ludlow fire low , kneecapp he pal Charlie . everybody 's talking now - in vietnamese . ludlow English ! answer I ! fifth charlie 's Pov : through a back screen door , a shaking slg - sauer pistol steady on ludlow . the fifth man pull the trigger -- blam !! ludlow be shot in the back shoulder ; he 's throw violently down the hallway floor . ludlow crane back , returning FIRE and drop the fifth Charlie . he roll onto he back , cutting down other Charlie when he parking - lot-friend charge . strangely , no one else emerge . ludlow lift himself up , grimace and gasp for breath . he re-enter the back room find only Charlie , moaning on the floor . two men missing . ludlow listen - he only play - but Charlie 's moan drow everything out . ludlow tap Charlie in the head - blam ! - then concentrate in the quiet ... a faint SOUND draw he to a closet ... Inside , he find a door in the floor ... ludlow peer down the dark hole , shaking he head . we be way off the page now . int . tunnel - continuous ludlow drop gingerly into the cave . it 's as if he 's just land in one of the viet cong 's cu chi tunnel . he wind past a card table , weapon in a corner , military duffle bag on table . a extension cord lead the way down a jagged , winding passageway . ludlow stalk forward ... fleeting shout ahead . his walk break to a run . he 's rush in and out of darkness - past auxiliary light . he 's gain on the two voice ... then -- a face flash like a train go the other way ... he have just run past one of the vietnamese man . he instinctively keep run , as bullet lodge into the clay by he ear . now ludlow be catch in between - reloading as he take fire from ahead and behind . he 's returning FIRE in both in direction when everything come to a grind halt ... ludlow stand before a cage on the ground . two vietnamese girl , 12 and 14 , stare at he through wire bar in fear- induce wonderment . ludlow look ahead - let he prey go ( we hear the footstep fade away ) - then behind : the footstep grow louder until the pursue thug appear ... pop ! pop ! pop ! he snap backward as ludlow pump three in he chest . ludlow walk sullenly back ; he drag the body away from the cage . ludlow kneel down , eye- to - eye with the cower girl . ludlow it 's okay ... I be -- I be not they . word , even gesture , be lose on the child . exhausted , ludlow simply slump down beside they . he pull at the bullet - proof vest chafing he neck ... the girl have stop ery . they know he will not hurt they . and this - to a point - break ludlow down . ext . little saigon - a short time later - night +..now the world roll . a police helicopter shine it 's belly light on the neighborhood below . Higher up , in less rarify air , news helicopter jockey for position . on the ground , police car everywhere . pocket of onlooker paint in the flash red and blue light . in the purgatory between onlooker and the scene , a attractive female reporter , 30 's , wait with she Channel 9 cameraman . she look the part : hair , makeup , get - up - but there 's a natural beauty beneath . at the moment , she 's transfix by ludlow . he 's stand by a window - inside the dealer 's house - answer two men . cameraman it 's wander . megan turn to find lieutenant terry wander ( 50 's , tall - even a little dash ) cut through the fray towards the scene . she scurries next to he -- megan Lieutenant , anything you can tell we ? or tell I ? we be here twenty minute before the rest -- wander ( calmly ) hi megan . megan hi. ( then ) just a few word ? on camera ? wander what be you think so far ? megan L.A. cop take down sex ring . wander anything on system , teamwork ? megan a coordinate effort , month of plan -- wander alright , hang around after . megan thank you , Lieutenant . wander head up shabby step into the house . he crane back -- wander Trade . megan what ? wander sex trade . sex ring sound hinky . int . house - continuous ludlow sit despondently - yet undiminished - beneath two detective . demille be 38 , white and run to fat . shoney be 36 , black and slender . they work the system hard and fast . shoney what be you do here ludlow ? ludlow what ? demille you wanna work vice now ? ludlow be clearly out of he element now , in the aftermath . ludlow I follow the gun to the girl . ludlow watch a string of plain - clothed detective carry the military duffle bag out the back door . he lock eye with a piggish sergeant ( clady , 50' ) , direct traffic . something not quite right here . shoney ( to ludlow ) what 's the matter , you need a bracer ? that liquid courage wear off ? demille we have six month into this case , ludlow . could have at least give we a call . shoney motherfuckin glory hound . that 's all he be . ludlow look at they for the first time . ludlow ( softly ) what be you do for six month ? demille fuck you ludlow ! clady ( call off he dog ) hey ! cool it . clady 's eye be on wander , glide through the front door . the nightwatch Commander assess the carnage . wander ( grandiosely ) make I redundant , gentleman . ( then ) clady , where 's my boy ? the stocky sergeant , wander 's ' second 's , point he to ludlow . wander there he be . ( to ludlow ) they read you the riot act ? shoney just a few softball . wander ( to ludlow ) why be you sit ? you hurt ? ludlow rise awkwardly as wander look beyond the man : other Charlie lie on the floor , he chest subtly rise . wander ( casually ) Jesus , this one 's still breathe . ( to a aid ) get a medic in here . wander look exasperatedly at the three man . demille get he pad and pencil out again . demille you call a ambulance ludlow ? ludlow no , that 's what I need you for . 10 . wander ( peacekeeping ) alright , you get what you need fella ? shoney sure boss . wander take ludlow under he wing , lead he away . a emt crew brushes past , to other Charlie on the ground . demille you might wanna check for a blood clot . something about ' blood clot 's set ludlow off . ludlow what have you say ? wander get a firm grip on ludlow 's arm , but say nothing . demille ( play dumb ) what have I say ? ludlow hold he temper , ease away . int . back room - continuous wander take ludlow aside , he aide hang politely back . wander ( publicly ) alright ... ( privately ) you okay ? wander 's check more than ludlow 's emotional state . wander look at I . you do good and you be in my show now , so relax . ludlow nod at wander - obviously a share past between they . wander alright , they be gonna separate you ; I be have ridley meet you at the station right now - let he take you statement ; and -- ( search ) -- oh , forensics be towing you car . ludlow wince , eye on the floor . will . wander better you do not drive anyway ... adrenaline and all that . ludlow I be fine . wander I know you be . head up though . ( eye contact ) megan 's outside . ludlow so ? wander so take a mint . one of wander 's aide hand he a miner 's light . a crew ready to descend into the tunnel -- wander ( to all ; rousingly ) alright , who 's come with I boy ? ext . porch - moment later - night a uniformed black officer ( mody , 40 's ) drape a blanket over the teen X - boxer 's shoulder . he watch a third body be remove from the house ... follow by ludlow . in the black officer 's eye - sheer contempt . mody you slow down , ludlow ? ludlow stop , try to comprehend the intrusion . mody ( the body ) just three tonight ? ludlow sees the X - Boxer sit beneath mody . ludlow you take statement now mody ? mody I be community interface for the victim 's family member . ludlow have he give he statement ? 12 . mody stand stubbornly over the boy . ludlow ( to the X - Boxer ) c’mere . no , keep you blanket and c’mere . ludlow motion a fellow detective over , hand the boy off . ludlow ( to mody ) you be on the wrong side of the yellow tape , be not you ? mody I be right where I belong . ludlow mody , give out all the blanket and lollypop you want , just wait ' till the real police work 's do . okay pumpkin ? mody I know how it work ludlow . ludlow well you ever need remind - I have be happy ... mody stare hatefully as another body be carte out . ludlow sees it , turn back to mody and ever so subtly ... shrug . STREET - moment later the ' 87 camaro be hoist awkwardly by a tow truck . ludlow watch , pain . woman 's voice ( sarcastically ) that 's not good for it . ludlow turn to find megan approach . she smile prettily -- megan miss I ? you know sometimes I think you do this shoot ’em - up just so you can see I . ludlow stare at the cameraman trail megan . he make a ' scamper off 's motion with he hand -- ludlow go ' way . the cameraman know ludlow . he 's go . 13. megan just a few word -- ( beat he to the punch ) -- besides ' fuck off '. ludlow ( dismissively ) you gonna pick I up later ? megan c’mon , you Lieutenant 's give I something . ludlow I be sure he be . megan finally notice , ludlow 's subtly sway . megan Jesus , be you alright ? you be fuck shaking . ludlow look at she squarely , willing himself still . megan uncross you arm . driver 's voice ( car door ) it 's open ludlow . ludlow ( mock scorn ) I really do not like you this way . megan I know . you like I better when I be whore for a story . ludlow settles gingerly in the passenger seat . megan so ? what happen in there ? ludlow it 's just a blur . she consider ludlow a moment . then , coyly -- megan well , that 's too bad . 14. ludlow ( warming ) yeah , why ? megan because I really want a quote . and ... ludlow seem to dare megan to say it - whatever it be - in front of he listen driver . megan well it 's not go to lick itself , now be it , lud ? ludlow grin ... he kind of woman ... as he roll away . int . hallway , 77th STREET community police station - night ludlow interrupt a receptionist with she magazine . ludlow I be Tom ludlow . I be head in if they be ready . receptionist ( disinterested ) ready for what ? ludlow I shot some human being tonight . receptionist that be you ? ( he walk on ) you know where you be go ? down the hall -- ludlow ( sullenly ) I know the way , honey . int . deposition room , distric attorney 's office - night two cop ( one of they ridley ) and a female district attorney make up the ' shoot team . 's they be go through the motion across from a glaze - over ludlow . they have all be here before . ridley Point of entry ? ludlow Front door on the north side . 15 . ridley okay . female d- a . why do not you call for backup ? ludlow I do . female d.a . why do not you wait for backup ? ludlow in my opinion , there be exigent circumstance . they have a machine gun and I believe a felony be take place or about to take place . ridley great , great . dissolve to : ludlow I make a point of identify myself as a police officer . I then attempt to detain the four man when I be shot from the side . female d.a. which suspect be that ? ridley let he finish . ludlow look beyond put out . ludlow I return fire . one of the Charly -- everyone stop write , they head snap up . ludlow Excuse I , one of the suspect come out . I hit he ... dissolve to : ludlow lazily push a floor plan sketch back to the d.a . ridley great , great . 16 . ludlow do you know what time it be ? ridley yeah , you be almost do here . female d- a . you think Internal affair will want --? ridley wah , this be all ' in policy '. ludlow 's eye wander , the lawyer 's voice droning out ... int . megan 's home - later that night ludlow 's alive again - in a state of emergency - as megan tear off he jacket , push he on to she bed . he howl in manageable , laughable pain as she tug at he belt . he squirm away from she , retrieve the jacket ... ..- in a pocket he find a vodka miniature . megan do not , you already stink . ludlow you want I to take a shower ? megan ( naughtily ) no . ludlow twist it open , savore the motion . he tilt the bottle ... pour it down on megan - a kind of compromise . megan pull he to she , let he drink from the base of she neck . his lap slow , the sexual energy go ... megan what happen tonight lud ? ludlow I can not tell you . megan Fine . you wanna put it all away and pay for it later ... ludlow no , I can not ' cause I promise a exclusive to that hot bitch on Channel 2 . 17 . megan you be such a whore . ludlow laugh , wince from the pain . megan come on . give it to I . ludlow I be try , you will not shut up . megan it 's not just about the story lud . if you never talk about anything ... you 'il never make it back to the surface . a heavy stillness . ludlow well let 's help each other . what you want for what I want . megan get he meaning , even if we do not yet . megan okay . why have you have to shoot ? ludlow they shot I first . megan obligatorily remove she bra . then -- megan be they all ... vietnamese ? ludlow no , there be some white kid but I ask they to leave . she joylessly reach into he pants . then -- megan why do not you ever defend yourself ? ludlow because I do not care if people think I be a ... whatever they think . megan straddle ludlow ; she 's on the verge of tear . megan why do you always go alone ? 18 . ludlow because if anything go wrong there 's only my version . megan or you be dead and go . ludlow either way . she begin move on top of he . megan be you wait for something to go wrong ? ludlow stare up at megan ... she 's cry now . ludlow stop. Jesus , stop it . ludlow move to the edge of the bed , put on he pants . ludlow ( head kill he ) awe Jesus , God , fuck. ( to megan ) you want some water or something ? megan I be gonna spin this you way , lud . ludlow do not ever spin anything for I . okay ? ludlow head for the door . megan I know you be not this asshole . halfway out the door , ludlow turn back in the pre - dawn blue light . ludlow remember how I like you megan . you be not my wife . megan absorb the blow , she eye - and temper - welling . megan you wife be not even you wife . ludlow could go either way ; he could leave or he could lose it ... he simply shake he head , turn away . 19 . megan where be you go ? ludlow ( low ) bed . ext . pacific dine car restaurant - day outside the front door , mody - the crisply - uniform black officer - pose for a picture with a young boy . arrive groggily at the entrance , ludlow be force to wait several agonizing beat for the boy 's mother to snap the photo . as mody wave the admire boy off , ludlow head inside -- ludlow what be it with you and kid ? int . pacific dine car restaurant - continuous mody follow inside , towards a private dine area : thirty officer lunching in booth . mody say that again ? ludlow what ? wo man , I be just kid around . ( then ; sharply ) I just do not see why the towel boy get ask for he picture and autograph . mody you fuck -- mody stop himself a inch from ludlow , nostril flaring . ludlow be totally unfaze as wander sternly motion he over -- wander lud ! mody they should not let you out in the day , you know that ? ludlow that 's fine , mody . you stay outta my night , I will not bother you when you be liaise in malibu with you shiny fuck boot . ( more ) 20 . ludlow ( cont would ) ( lean away ) ' suspect 's by the way . mody what ? ludlow you call they ' victim 's the other night . they have two little girl ina cage and they be call ' suspect 's . mody oh , I be sure that 's what you call they in you chummy little booth . ludlow pass several booth - notably shoney and demille among a tight fraternity of detective . he flag a far off waiter - make the ' drink 's motion - before drag a chair over to wander , the jovial king among he court . across the room be clady , the piggish sergeant run last night 's crime scene . clady stand toast - and roasting - a retiring officer ( silky ) . clady ( to all ) -.- and silky handcuffs the guy 's wrist to he ankle . so I stand this wino up when silky 's not look , and all of a sudden he 's come at silky like this -- clady hop on one leg , jabbing with one arm . the room be roaring -- clady -- and he get a couple shot in ! clady pull a check from he jacket over the laughter . clady so for all you pain and suffer silk , here 's a little cushion to go with that enormous pension you be come into . wander whisper to ludlow under the noise -- wander ( be : mody ) what be he - get you measurement ? ludlow flag a waiter , signal for a drink . ludlow for what ? 21 . clady hat off to silky boy ! all the officer stand . all hat off to silky ! wander ( to ludlow ) you fuck coffin , that 's what . clady ( the check ) that 's from everybody in this room ! the table return to separate , boisterous conversation . wander mody 's have coffee with Internal affair twice this week . if he be a half - decent cop he have know we have a trail on he . ludlow he 's come after one of we ? clady sit down , include himself in the hushed conversation . clady look who 's join the live . wander ( be : ludlow ) mody 's get in he ear . clady stick and move lud. ( swig a drink ) he hear from bigg ? ludlow who 's bigg ? wander mody 's contact in i.a. clady bigg be dark -horse - pun intend - for the police commissioner nom . that be , until we friend here -- ( wander ) -- be tapped instead . ludlow raise a eyebrow . wander nod , confirm the news . 22. ludlow ' bout time . clady ( be : ludlow ) this guy really have be sleepin’ . wander now , he 's gonna take he pound by erode my best people . ludlow look at they - still play catch up . bus boy clear the plate around they . wander ( low ) he 's start with you , lud . Inside word be mody 's feed you to he on a stick . clady you Little saigon shootout will not help . across the room , mody sit quietly with three other uniform . he meet eye with ludlow , before look away . clady but you will be fine . we be digging we own dirt on the self - righteous son-of - a - bitch . wander clady -- ( let 's stay on track ) all we need from you lud , be just to keep on smile . alright ? ludlow produce a unnerve fake smile . wander I be serious lud . ludlow so what 's he do here ? clady keeping up appearance . it 's what I have do . ludlow look around for he waiter . make a move to get up . wander whoa , whoa , whoa - what be you do ? you go anywhere near he you head 's ona spear . 23 . ludlow I be not gonna touch he . where wander 's aggravate , clady 's amused . clady ( 's how about that ? 's ) he 's not gonna touch he . ( then ) that 's you whole life right there ludlow . if you run about two degree cooler you could have be in on some very big thing . wander alright , enough . clady get the hint , turn away . wander we have be here before , have not we ? when the earth open up on you ? I take care of you then ; I be take care of you now . now goddamnit just ... fall in for once . ludlow absorb it all . then -- ludlow I be just gonna take a piss . after a beat , wander relax -- wander you be a asshole . int . restaurant hallway - a short time later ludlow lurk outside the man 's room . we hear a clinking sound from he palm : vodka miniature roll over each other . before ludlow , the uniformed cop - mody the nearest - be make a slow exit . mody see ludlow wait in the wing . ludlow ( mouth ) Black before blue . mody read ' black 's and see red . he approach ludlow -- mody what be that ? 24 . ludlow it 's a poem . for you . all the brother cop I ever know , you be the only one who be always black before blue . mody now what make you say that ? ludlow check the dining room ; wander 's not watch . ludlow you feel leave out mody ? you be welcome to join we in all we plotting and scheme . mody oh , I be quite sure I be not . ludlow what do you think you know around here ? you be a bystander , mody . you exclude yourself and then you say ' I be not invite . the bad white man leave I out . 's mody you a Christian ludlow ? ludlow ( scoff ) come again ? mody do you believe in the sanctity of Christ ? ludlow yeah , save I mody . mody extend he arm , block ludlow 's exit . mody only you can do that for yourself . ludlow I guess there be no criminal , right ? ( ' I get it !’) that 's why you never make a arrest . mody no one 's beyond salvation . mody 's really in he face now . 25 . ludlow mody have you ever fire you weapon ? no . that 's not ' cause you be a Christian . it 's ' cause you be a affirmative action cop with no interest in real police work . you leave the war zone to the rest of we , and that 's fine . just do not take it out on I . ( ease past mody ) it 's not my fault there be asian in Little saigon . or black people in compton . mody ( too loud ) be it they fault you life be shit ? wander be now watch from a distance . shoney and demille , on they way out , marvel gleefully at this public stab . mody ' Cause you sure as hell take it out on they . from the depth of he soul , ludlow drag up a smile for mody . mody watch ludlow off . fear flash amid rage . int . hallway , 77th police station - later that day ludlow pace outside the door to dispatch ... back and forth like a cage lion . finally , he can not help himself . he burst into -- int . dispatch - continuous a row of black and hispanic women , all eat lunch at they station . ludlow approach a large , primped black woman -- ludlow look fine jada . jada pssshhh , you so bad Tom Tom . ludlow say what 's the 20 on gil mody ? jada key she headset with three - inch fingernails . 26 . jada 85 - a . mody , you have ear on ? what 's you 20 ? after a beat , mody 's voice come crackle back . mody Imperial and prairie , jada - but I be off . what 's up ? she look up at ludlow , who make a ' forget about it 's motion . jada sorry about that 85 -a . false alarm . ( then ) Tom Tom what --? she turn to find ludlow already off on he way . ext . imperial boulevard - day gridlocked car seem to bend in the heat off the asphalt . sunglass on , ludlow stay two car behind a Seville up ahead ... mody' car . ext . first national bank - a short time later ludlow wait in he car - intently roll the vodka miniature on he knee . across the street , mody exit the bank , push a thick envelope into he jacket as he return to he car . ludlow roll out after mody 's Seville . int . ludlow 's camaro - a short time later through ludlow 's windshield , we see mody turn right , into a korean grocery store . ludlow crank a left , pull into the parking lot of a decrepit mini-mall . he kill the engine , watch as mody enter the store . sweat seep through ludlow 's skin as he fixedly watch the storefront across the street ... without take he eye off the store , ludlow slowly - almost ritually - unscrew the lid of a vodka miniature . he put it to he lip , and this time ...he drink it down . 27 . galvanize , ludlow pull off he belt . he begin wrapping it tightly around he right hand ... ext . ju - jin market - moment later Hand tight at he side , ludlow stalk across the street . he pause for a brown monte carlo that rumble past , pull in next to the Seville . reaching the front door of the store , ludlow glance back ; it 's just a flash - a freeze moment : two black male - afros and expressionless yellow eye . the driver make a seemingly innocuous gesture , ' scratch 's under he collar ... int . ju - jin market - continuous ludlow drift to a halt a few step inside . he stand - thunderstruck - as something invade he consciousness ... the belt uncoil from he fist , drop to the floor ... he look back at the monte Carlo . the driver be not scratch anything ; he 's fasten a bullet - proof vest . the passenger ready a sub -machine gun in he lap . ludlow crouch , draw he service revolver . he recede into the store , round a corner in a swift run-walk . down the aisle ahead , mody shop ... ludlow ( hiss ) mody . when mody turn - and see ludlow come at he , service revolver in hand ... mody ludlow ... he swing he shopping basket , slamming it in ludlow 's face like a bag of rock . ludlow - catch completely off-guard - go smack back into the shelf in a avalanche of dry goods . ludlow mody ...é 28. but mody be on he before he can rise , pistol - whipping he with he gun back to the floor . ludlow what the fuck be you do !? mody stomp on ludlow 's gun -hand and jam he .38 service revolver under ludlow 's cheekbone . mody Drop it ! ludlow be you fuck crazy ! mody let it go ! mody 's shaking . he 's go to shoot ludlow point - blank - right here , right now - right in the face . the gun slip from ludlow 's finger . ludlow listen to I you fuck idiot - two silverback be about to roll in here hot ! mody yank cuff from he belt and snap they onto ludlow 's wrist . mody and you just happen to be cruise by ? ludlow this be not you and I -- but before ludlow can finish , time grind down . at the end of the aisle , the two men from the parking lot ... sub-machine gun in they hand . in a draw - out second , mody realize that ludlow be tell the truth . then -- boom ! time hook again as one gunman shoot the grocer point blank . the other aim down the aisle - at the detective catch like feud child ... mody struggle with he holster ... ludlow crawl for cover , mody a inadvertent shield ... as thunderous FIRE erupt . still handcuff , ludlow fumble with a key . he unlock one wrist and immediately return FIRE down the aisle . 29 . everything around he explode in reply . ludlow try to stay small , to weather the storm , when it all fall silent ... he wait coiled - heart pound - for they to step around the corner and kill he . but the only thing that edge round to he be a spread pool of blood . we hear the shooter exit hurriedly . ludlow crane around the corner , find only mody . he hurry to the fellow officer 's side ... mody 's face be open up . he breathes in bubbling gasp . ludlow grasp mody 's hand ... ludlow mody - Jesus - stay with I man . I / x11 get help . I be gonna get help . but mody 's hand tighten on ludlow 's , not let he go . mody --- I think ... it have be you ... mody 's blood -sputter breathe climax ... then stop abruptly . voice freeze ! ludlow look up to find two uniformed cop . his bloody hand slip out of mody 's ; he raise he arm ... ludlow I be a cop . one of the wide - eye cop push he partner 's gun down . young cop yeah ... ludlow . the other cop kneel to examine what 's leave of mody . other cop Ho - lee shit . this one 's PD too . young cop ( to ludlow ) you just get here ? you see anything ? Cars skid up outside . silently , a million emotion racing through he , ludlow gather the handcuff dangle from he wrist up into he sleeve . 30 . int . ju - jin market - later - night wander cut through a buzzing crime - scene : police officer , forensics technician ... wander carry none of he affable nature this time . he spare a grim , cursory glance at the Korean grocer lie dead behind the counter . near mody 's body , shoney and demille be mark bullet . wander lift a plastic tarp on the ground , take in the gory pit that be once mody 's face . wander surveillance tape ? demille nod toward a back office . int . back office - moment later ludlow sit sullenly , clady stare down at he . wander enter , close the door behind he . a silence . wander how bad ? ludlow wordlessly hand he something from he pocket . a videotape . wander weigh it a moment , then hand it to clady . wander 's sergeant put it in the player ... a grainy image of mody idly shopping . ludlow suddenly appear - gun at he side - move quickly towards mody . mody cold - cock he with the basket and tackle he . wander +-- Jesus ludlow ... the shooter enter ... they OPEN FIRE as ludlow crawl and mody fall . one of the gunman scurries up to mody , fire down on he at point blank . wander exchange a look with clady , then eject the tape . 31 . ludlow it be a straight heist that go bad -- wander do not say anything yet . wander look to clady , less emotional , for he take . clady do not matter what it be . ludlow it 's not what it look like . wander that 's all there be , lud ! how it fuck look . now shut up for a second . clady ( be : ludlow ) well , he 's not a cop anymore . ludlow reel . clady the wrong prosecutor see this ... yeah , time . Big time . ludlow for what ? because mody be in the wrong place at the wrong time -- wander no because you be ! who give a shit about mody ? ( then ) Jesus Christ , you can never see two move ahead , can you ? you pull two thug off the street and go after a cop who be testify against you . it write itself . a knock on the door . clady open it a inch - whisper demille away . wander this be a wet dream for bigg . ludlow ( low ) if I be gonna kill he I would not need two thug . 32 . wander snap , lung at ludlow and hold he by the hair . the Lieutenant may be off the street , but he 's very strong . wander be this who you be ? huh ? you take a belt to another cop ? clady get between they . clady alright . alright . we be okay . wander how many time have I go to bat for you ? every time ! you think this be just about you ? wander turn away , embarrassed by he outburst . ludlow what do you want from I ? I fuck up . you want my badge ? you want I to do the time ? I do not fuck care . clady ( calmly ) lud , you may not care how the rest of the world see you , but you go down you stain all of we . this whole department ... speak up if you disagree . ludlow stare at the floor like a schoolboy . wander knead he brow , agonize . wander anyone else see this tape ? ludlow what difference do it make ? even without the tape the shooter put I in the store . wander not if they never get pick up . ludlow move from confuse ... to astonished . wander ( plainly ) I want my new job , lud . I know clady 's not ready to work security ... all I ask be that you stay away from he . ( then ) ( more ) 33 . wander ( cont would ) you cross I on this one , but you do not deserve to go to jail for it . letting bigg throw you to the lion be not gonna bring mody back . wander check with clady before say it ... wander this one will go to ' unsolved . 's if you get a pass ... they get one too . clady ( nod ; heavily ) unsolved . ludlow ( sheepishly ) I could take my chance with a jury . clady ( amused ) to the fuck lion . wander justice be a live wire lud . you wanna let go ? let the system work you ? or you wanna let we do we job ? ( candidly ) this be what we do for we own lud . you be just usually home in bed at this point . in a dreamlike state , ludlow find himself nodd . wander alright , we be move forward . let 's get a acceptable account . all eye on clady ; we be in he world now . clady mody be off duty , shopping . two perp roll in on a 211 . ludlow be first on scene - fellow officer be already down . simple . no change . wander ( to ludlow ) get that ? ( beyond disappointed ) bring you uniform tomorrow . wander exit as clady eject the tape . 34 . clady we would have bust mody without you . ludlow 's leave alone with the video tape . after a life - change beat , he rise ... and pocket the tape . int . ju - jin market - continuous the morbid crime scene hush as ludlow emerge . he find demille , who nod understandingly . shoney open the front door , lead ludlow out . ext . ju - jin market megan step out of the kcal news van , search for the usual suspect through a host of onlooker . she lock eye with ludlow , sense immediately that this crime scene be different . ludlow turn away from megan , find demille wait patiently , hold he car door . and ludlow realize , thing have change with shoney and demille ... he 's one of they now . megan watch as he disappear - complicit - into the car . int . ludlow 's home - night ludlow sit alone , chopstick and empty takeout carton before he . his window be cover in heavy drape , he sun-stain wall bare , save for white patch where picture have be take down . he watch a familiar face on he tv ... megan two male suspect be want for the slay of a off duty police officer tonight . the officer have be identify as Gilbert mody , a 25 year veteran of the Los Angeles Police department . a source close to the investigation tell I exclusively that mody be inside the Korean market behind I , when the suspect enter to rob it . ( off she note ) mody be survive by he wife Linda ... and just from speak to that on the scene , I can tell you that this be a loss not only to she , but to this entire community where mody be very well - know and like ... ( she note again ) ( more ) 35 . megan ( cont would ) funeral service be expect to be hold Friday at the Cathedral of we Lady of the angel ... ludlow mute the television , stare blankly at megan . int . 77th police station - the next morning two desk sergeant 's stare curiously as ludlow tote he uniform over he shoulder . they have never see he before . deeper into the station ludlow walk crookedly - no sleep , and the weight of this new world on he shoulder . he begin to be recognize by the ' day shift 's ... ludlow ignore the pass stare , head into -- int . locker room - moment later ludlow dress at he locker , buttone a dusty uniform . it 's be a long time . a passing officer slap he on the back . it 's mean amicably , but it 's just a tad too hard . ludlow look back curiously , then return to he tie - try to clip it on . 2nd passing officer ( low ) still the man . now ludlow turn around . he garner the attention of a fellow nightwatchman , who sit exhaust after a long night . fellow night watchman attaboy lud . they assume he have kill mody - and he 's the toast of the town . as ludlow close he locker , something catch he eye ... down the line , a locker with mody 's name ... a black line crossed through it . ludlow 's enjoy none of this . int . wander 's office - a short time later wander 's on the phone , signing a gift basket that he secretary hold in front of he . he motion ludlow in . 36 . wander ( on phone ) well , listen , it 's a reminder be not it ? my officer face that threat every day they put on the uniform . you just do not write storey about it . ludlow stand sheepishly - not sure if he should sit . wander alright . I x11 be read it . ( hang up ; to ludlow ) sit down . Sheila bring Tom some coffee . ludlow cup himself - he silent protest - as he sit . wander how you do ? you sleep ? ( wryly ) you have be get I out of bed more and more this day ... ( then ; heavily ) we be all see just a little too much of you Tom , for someone who 's suppose to work out of sight , out of mind ... nobody want you in they live room . Christ , I do not even wanna know half the thing you do . wander mute he ringing telephone . wander look , I be not try to give you another dose here . but I gotta bury you somewhere for a while . a nice , politically correct little spot . ludlow the fuck do that mean ? Sheila stand stunne beside ludlow , he coffee in she hand . wander you be a doll Sheila . we 'il take that on the road . int . hallway , complaint department - a short time later ludlow look even more uncomfortable , trail wander with a cup and saucer in he hand . they arrive at a sparse , dreary office . the sign on the door : civilian complaint investigation . 37 . ludlow anywhere else . I be ask you as a friend . wander ( amused ) look at it this way : it 's you first day of school and all the other kid already know you . indeed , a half -dozen complaint investigator stare at ludlow . he 's well know here . a supervisor approach . ludlow ( under he breath ) fuckin 's embarrassing . supervisor Lieutenant . wander he 's all yours . ( whisper ) it 's just temporary lud . ludlow hand off he coffee cup , be lead away . wander play nice now . moment later , the supervisor whizze ludlow past the gape ' desk jockey '. supervisor -- you job be to interview the complainant and do back - up interview if you get two or more complaint against a give officer . the temptation be to be a good brother cop . do not be . most of this shit 's not go anywhere anyway . handle that ? they arrive at a small desk . ludlow suppose I get a complaint against myself ? supervisor ( without irony ) write it up and file it under standard guideline . a short time later 38 . ludlow guzzle a coffee , wait for he first complaint . his eye drift to a poster on the wall : a latin officer pose with admiring child . man 's voice wake up , popo . ludlow turn to find a young white punk stare at he . he be the first in a string of complainant - all color and creed - but all lower middle class or impoverish . ludlow uncap he pen ... take a deep breath ... ludlow you have a complaint ? white punk shoot I get multiple . okay ? multiple complaint need addressin’ . black man motherfucker look like you . but black . beat my ass like rodney King . but there be not no video . asian woman pull I over for no reason ! latin man forced I out of my car , holme . black woman out of my house ... do not even care my child be there . white punk my boy be right there , and they make I look like a bitch . hold on ludlow . he reach into a drawer , grab a BOX of tissue and place it before the stunne punk . back to montage : hispanic man ( hold piece of paper ) I know the law . but you do not know that I know ! ludlow downs a aspirin , make he ' keep go 's gesture . 39 . older black man stop do that . it 's a impertinent gesture and I be not a suspect you be grill for information . ( then ) now I assure you , if I be deal drug I have have more than a hundred and twelve dollar on I . but they take it anyway . say it be ' company money 's now . ludlow stop . actually look at the complainant -- ludlow you get a badge number ? older black man well since he foot be on my throat , I miss it . but it be not just the one guy . there be two or three of they , say they gonna ' take it home 's . ludlow digest a moment , then make he ' keep go 's gesture . hispanic man ( have : piece of paper ) look at it . you can see it right there . behind the aggravate complainant , a distinguished black man wait he turn . ludlow there 's nothing wrong with this warrant . the Hispanic man point to the crumpled page in ludlow 's hand . hispanic man it say they lookin’ for a gun ! ludlow and do they find a gun ? hispanic man yeah , but it do not say nothing about no coke . ludlow they find some coke ? hispanic man yeah , but it be not on there . that warrant 's for a gun . ludlow stare a disbely beat . 40 . ludlow yeah , I see you point . hispanic man yeah . ludlow motion for he to get up -- ludlow yeah , lawyer up . see what you can do . the Hispanic man rise , not entirely sure of what 's happen . hispanic man see what -- yeah . damn right I will . the distinguished black man ( bigg ) watch the complainant off , then sit calmly across from ludlow . another black man wait at a distance , not unlike a bodyguard . bigg say , be not you that cop I see on tv ? ludlow do you have a more specific complaint against I ? bigg , a well - keep 50 , unbutton he three piece suit . bigg wander 's get a sense of humor , I 'il give he that . take I all day to track you down . ludlow 's suddenly alert . bigg ( hand reach out ) terrel bigg . ludlow Tom ludlow . bigg oh yes sir , I know . and I ? d' you know I ? ludlow sure , you be the one mody be snitching to . bigg be visibly stunne . 41 . bigg now that be a hell of a thing to admit to know . under the circumstance . ludlow 's unmove . he 's unreadable . bigg recover -- bigg alright , good for you . ( bob like a boxer ) you catch I with one there . ludlow mody tell you I be just a racist atheist ? bigg hey , who be not this day ? ( then ) you do work firestone in the 9us , though . ' phonebook Tom 's . ai not that right ? ludlow get my best confession with a ' 91 directory . bigg stare , like he 's see a animal up close for the first time . bigg picked up a few complaint along the way , do not you ? ludlow stiffen - wonder if the ' interview 's have begin . ludlow be this it ? bigg this be just a back and forth . ludlow ( joylessly ) twenty - two complaint . bigg twenty - three actually . include the other night . ludlow well I get a few medal in between if we be count . bigg can not have one without the other , can you ? ( off ludlow ) ( more ) 42 . bigg ( cont would ) I know how it work , Tom . I know wander be on duty for almost all that complaint when he work the night watch . I notice clady be oversee the other night . ( off ludlow ) Friends in high place . ludlow make he bored , ' keep go 's gesture . bigg like I say , a back and forth Tom . ludlow I be not much of a dancer , so if there 's something you have like to ask I ... bigg stare intently , he edge suddenly break -- bigg ( jokingly ) I just wanna know what you do that other night ? ludlow crack a ambiguous smile . bigg they give you a lunch break ? ext . vj' chili stand - day ludlow sit across from bigg in a sparsely populate food court . neither seem hungry . the Internal affair man place a tape recorder on the table , press ' record '. bigg you be first respondent last night ... Tom ? ludlow hesitates , eyeing bigg 's assistant at a nearby table . bigg ( have : ' the interview 's ) this be it . then ... ludlow do it . he lie -- ludlow yeah . 43 . bigg ' yeah 's , you be Tom ludlow ? or ' yeah 's , you be first on scene . ludlow both . bigg be you alcohol - impair at the time of the shoot ? ludlow no . bigg so you could describe the shooter . ludlow height , weight - yeah . bigg Three man ? ludlow two . bigg look irritate as two playing child storm past . bigg you a law and order man , Tom ? would that describe you ? ludlow sure . bigg but more order than law , right ? what I mean be , Tom , at the end of the day it 's order that count . do not sweat the detail ; break a few egg to make a omelette ; break a few bone to keep the public safe . ludlow whatever you say . bigg I guess what I be say Tom - what I be ask - be if you and wander keep tear down the law to go after the devil ... then what protect we when the devil come after we ? 44 , ludlow sound a little above my pay grade . bigg that must be a real warm blanket for you . ( then ) would you lose any sleep Tom , if I tell you that not two , but three caliber of slug be pull from mody 's body ? ludlow give nothing away . bigg to I that mean there be three shooter . ( then ; soothingly ) what be you do there Tom ? ludlow first respondent . bigg I speak to the second respondent - two nice young boy . they say they be no more than two , three block away when they get the call . but you beat ’em there ... I wonder if we girl jada in dispatch could explain that . ludlow just stare at the churn recorder . bigg ' Officer down 's , that mean anything to you ? or do that change because it be mody ? bigg grab the recorder , angrily stopping it -- bigg this bother you Tom ? ' Cause I gotta tell yah , nobody seem too upset about the fact that two cop killer be walk around out there - live , laugh , fuck ... ludlow ( begrudgingly ) do not change ' cause it be mody . bigg then why do not you go find the motherfucker that do it !? ludlow it 's ... not my decision . 45 . bigg whose be it ? ludlow 's mouth tighten ; he walk right into this one . ludlow wander assign the case . bigg well , I be sure he 's get he best cop on this one . detective -- ( search ) -- diskant . must be a hell of a cop if I have never hear of he . anyway I be sure he 'il find we two cop killer for we . then maybe they can tell we who that third shooter be . wo not that be just ace -crackerjack ? ludlow that have be great . bigg fuck you ! where 's the tape from the store ? ludlow be there one ? bigg gather he recorder ; this ' interview 's be over . ludlow you have not see the last of I . ( off bigg ) that 's you line , right ? I be gonna take you badge and shove it -- bigg you a little fish ludlow . I be a bait my hook with you . int . complaint department - later that day ludlow stew at he desk ... mull bigg 's word . a complainant ramble in mute tone . suddenly ludlow rise , simply walk away . 46 . int . detective bureau - day still in he uniform , ludlow hesitates - watch he fellow detective around they bullpen . all of they wear black band around they badge . ludlow swallow he pride , wading forward ... whisper and chuckle in he wake . shoney and demille - the slick black and white tandem - spot he . demille oh , that be butch , ludlow . as ludlow head for they , shoney and demille rise for a fight . shoney you lose , boy ? ludlow ( ' keep go 's motion ) what 's the field breakdown on mody ? the homicide detective exchange a disbely look . demille told you he 's a piece of work . go ahead , tell he . shoney ( ' get this 's ) diskant 's lead two team on the suspect , one tip -chaser team , and one phone team . ludlow why diskant ? why not you fuck ? shoney because we have find they ass ludlow . then who have be fuck ? ludlow be visibly repulse by this man . nearby , a observe detective place a call - he eye on ludlow . ludlow well where be he ? demille ( giddily ) he 's at he desk . ludlow start away -- 47 . demille you get a guardian angel try to help you ludlow. ( pointedly ) I have let he . diskant 's desk - moment later a floppy -haired detective , early 30 's , sit amid organize chaos - paper and photograph everywhere . ludlow grab a nearby chair , swinging it over to diskant and sit heavily . diskant look back slowly , over he shoulder -- ludlow you be Paul diskant . diskant yeah . ludlow wander give you the market shoot ? diskant yeah . ludlow you know who I be ? diskant yeah . ludlow well you think you might want to speak to I about it ? yeah ? diskant ( nodd ) you be on my list . ludlow turn he attention to diskant 's desk . indeed , he have a list - it actually say ' interview 's - next to a nameplate and several file and photo ... mody 's shatter face among they . ludlow you do this before ? diskant in Portland , yeah . ludlow almost lose it . ' Portland 's . he knead he brow . ludlow how you do so far ? 48 . diskant I be still try to get my duck ina row . get a clear picture of thing . ludlow ( sarcastically ) but you definitely get a list . that we have . I mean , diskant what be you do here ludlow ? ludlow look back ; the other gawk detective make no effort to turn away . ludlow well , not to rush you process , but I want a ballistic report . diskant instinctively put he hand over the report . diskant what about it ? ludlow two or three shooter ? a beat . diskant they pull a third type of slug out of mody 's lung this morning . diskant stare knowingly . he 's not as thick as ludlow presume . ludlow what about forensics ? diskant too soon . ludlow be that what they tell you ? diskant 's eye give he away : ' yes . 's ludlow sigh . he 's go to have to do this himself . ludlow ( leave ) do not get up . diskant watch ludlow off . then - as if not want to miss out - he follow . 49 . int . L.A. county coroner 's - day a cold basement area - part lab , part storage . the chief coroner look up from a body , stare at ludlow through safety glass . ludlow ( open he badge ) I work 77th -- coroner Tom ludlow . ludlow ( calculate ) yeah , you know I ? coroner sure . you be on tv the other night . ( ludlow relax ) I recognize you from when you wife be bring in . ludlow 's color fade . he focus on the man . ludlow you do it ? coroner ( point to table ) here ... yeah . ludlow ( mantra-like ) no foul play . diskant suddenly enter , ' booty wrap 's over he own shoe . coroner ( shaking he head ) just a explosion in she head . I get one in here a week . they be all different - - different place in the brain - but all the same I guess . light out . the coroner look at diskant : ' booty wrap 's over he shoe . coroner you guy can not be here . ludlow I be with diskant . he 's lead on the market shoot . 50 . diskant wander know we be here . ludlow look at diskant - a brief , trust - building second . coroner ( old boy 's club ) what do you need ludlow ? ludlow be that mody ? indeed it be ludlow 's old ' friend 's beneath the coroner . ludlow do you have three shooter ? a pregnant beat . coroner Nah . one of the suspect switch to a smaller , finish side arm . that 's all . ( then ) gimme another day I ’1ll tell you if it be fremont or coate . diskant who 's that ? the shooter ? coroner ( skeptically ; to ludlow ) you be just walk he through the motion ? ludlow ( be : diskant ) yeah , he still want to make it look good . ( make the ' jack off 's sign ) turn over every stone . you get a lock or what ? coroner ( nod ) print , hair , even a little blood . lashawn fremont and Wade coate . ludlow what kind of history do they have ? coroner a bad one . rape , narcotic ...murder . ludlow Lovely . what about robbery ? 51 . one too many question . coroner I gotta speak to wander . ludlow call he . we ’1ll wait right here . the coroner retreat skeptically to a phone . diskant we be not wait be we ? ludlow no , we be not . ludlow grab a printout off a counter , exite hurriedly . int . basement hallway - moment later ludlow walk ahead of diskant down the dark , empty hall . diskant Jesus . I can not believe they i.d. have they already -- ludlow what kind of deal you cut , disco ? diskant what ? ludlow you trading up ? diskant what be you talk about ? without warning , ludlow hit diskant in the stomach . ludlow cut the bambi shit ! you be not solving this case ! you know it 's close -- diskant I do not -- ludlow pick diskant up , lodging he forearm into the young man 's windpipe . ludlow who come to you !? who deal you in ? 52 . diskant 's eye be come out of he head . diskant do not you know ? ludlow tell I . diskant ( gasp ) clady . ( ludlow ease off ) clady . diskant gasp for air ; he 's really shook up . ludlow 's flood with embarrassment , but still make he ' keep go 's gesture -- diskant he say if I step up - take the loss on this one - I have be include in bigger thing . ludlow deflate , exhaust . diskant I be tell I be do you a favor . ludlow how do it work ? you mail it in - let two cop killer walk on my account ? you like I that much ? or be you that fuckin’ bent already ? diskant I do not know you . I do not care about you or mody ; he be a rat piece of shit , be not he ? I care about my job . ludlow climb before you can walk . diskant fuck you ludlow . what about you ? what be you do here ? all the shit you pull , you get a sudden attack of conscience . you be better than everybody else ? ( off ludlow ) you be the worst one . ludlow absorb the blow . after a long , hard beat , he nod -- 53 . ludlow ( sullenly ) yeah , I be the worst . but there 's different kind of bad , disco ... diskant ( cynically ) C ’mon . you be really gonna find this guy ? ruin you whole life over a cop nobody like ... who hate you worse than anyone ? ludlow I just take complaint , disco ... you be homicide . ext . adam cemetery - day 21 rifle FIRE . they be reload and fire again . a moment of silence as ludlow , dress in a dark jc penny suit , survey from the back of a stand gallery ... across on open grave - a flag-drape casket still above ground - a veile black woman sit amidst other woman . mody 's widow . the rifle FIRE again . wander stand , head bow before a microphone . nearer to ludlow , diskant steal a glance at he through the crowd . demille ( 0.s. ) just can not let this dog lie , can you ? ludlow turn to find he favorite couple , shoney and demille . they whisper over wander 's commence eulogy -- demille you know as dumb as you be , I be probably just dumb enough myself to understand you motive . ludlow ( dryly ) explain they to I sometime . there 's a thread that keep elude I . demille you can not stand be in debt . that 's why you get no friend . somebody help you out - you might have to look out for they someday . ( then ) ( more ) 54 . demille ( cont would ) I do not think you give a shit about fremont and coate . ludlow ( ' do everybody know ? ) Jesus ... what do you know about they ? demille smile wryly at shoney . shoney heroin caballeros . from belize . come up to make a sale and like it so much they never leave . demille we bust they ourselves a year ago . rape-mutilation . some black cooze on she way home from stenography class . ludlow they walk ? shoney bad bust . one of we own feel we have violate Mr. coate and Mr. fremont 's civil rights . ludlow do you ? demille of course we do . ludlow blink at they - realize ... ludlow mody . shoney we would hardly get they downtown before he start mouth off about proper procedure . demille before you could say ' bullshit race card 's they be sprung . ( disgust ) do not even make it into the system . ludlow ( disbely ) mody sprung the shooter from the market . 55 . demille they probably do not even register he face before they crack it with a bullet . shoney pretty ironic , be not it ? he have still be alive if it be not for all he negro self - righteousness . clady turn around angrily , silencing the threesome . demille ( whisper ) why do you think wander put mody on poster duty ? he be do more to help crime than prevent it . ludlow tune they out now , he head swirl . wander ( still at microphone ) ..- from he time on the street , to he time in you school and home . he be a tireless ambassador for the department , for he church , and for he family ... ext . garden reception - day photographer snap photo as wander pose joylessly with a CITY councilman . ludlow watch from a distance , drink alone ... reddish punch in a plastic cup . he absentmindedly set the cup down at a crowded table , draw stare as he wind he way towards wander . he 's cut off by clady -- clady easy , big fella . ludlow I be easy . clady take it more easy . ludlow I be fuck chine -easy , clady . clady yeah , well ... ( look back at wander ) -.- not with the camera . 56 . ludlow I do not want a damn picture with he . clady he do not want a conversation either . wander spot ludlow , turn away coldly . clady ( admiringly ) Fucking wander man . look at all this . donation be roll in , public support 's through the roof . I do not know what mody 's widow 's so upset about ... first good thing she husband ever do . ludlow scowl at clady . clady ( the scowl ) oooh , that 's good . i’1l take a picture with you . watch this . clady turn to the camera , shaking he head in he hand . clady terrible . so terrible . ( back to ludlow ) you know , here we be , run around try to close the door on this thing for you ... ( be : wander ) you should have see he face when he hear you be run around open they up . ( then ) you do not want to lose you last friend in he . believe I . ludlow do he know this guy be want for more than just mody ? clady of course he do . everybody know more than you ludlow . just assume that from now on . ludlow well I be call it off . this whole stand - down order -- clady ( hiss ) you do not call off shit ! ( more ) 57 . clady ( cont would ) you hear I ? when you take you pass fremont and coate get theirs too . ludlow well I be give my pass back . clady no , no , no , no , no , no , no . if you want to play Christ -on - the - Cross you should have do it back in that grocery store . the second you take that tape it be not just you own ass on the line . it 's every man in this department now . ludlow look about the room , other cop glance he way . he find diskant , have a drink with shoney and demille . clady Brothers in arm lud . you meet with bigg ? ( up close ) we will assume it . ' Cause he 's look for any chink in the armor right now . clady raise he glass as ludlow retreat away ... clady do not be that chink . ext . parking lot , adam cemetery - a short time later ludlow walk heavily to he car , barely aware of he surroundings . no two way about it ... he 's tear . nearby , a limousine idle . ludlow find a procession of mourning black women approach . Linda mody , beautifully poise , at the center . wander watch , from a distance , as ludlow set himself in they path . the woman part around he curiously , until Linda -- ludlow Mrs. mody ? Linda consider he through she thin veil . ludlow I be Tom ludlow . linda I know who you be , detective . ludlow ( startle ) I be ... first on scene . 58 . she stare at he , in a way that make he guess at first , then reduce he to nothing . ludlow I want to say -- linda ( smile ) I think he have more friend . I should have speak , but I could not find one ... Linda be absorb by she wait friend , then by the limousine . ludlow stand gut ... ' Lord , here come the flood ... 's int . ludlow 's bedroom - night «--- guilt wash over ludlow 's sweat feature . he sit in the stale , dark heat , watch the tape from the market . he rewind , over and over , as he drink from a bottle ; no miniature this time . on he SMALL television : ludlow cower behind a corner , try to remove he cuff . then ...he turn and fire down the aisle ... right over mody . rewind . he turn and fire down the aisle . ludlow ( the sound a gun make ) pf£ffhhhooo . ludlow let it run , look around he room for a escape . then , something on the tape catch he welling eye . ludlow what the ...? he get to within inch of the screen ... mesmerize . suddenly he eject the tape ... spook . he reach for he phone , hold it a indecisive beat . ext . kcal 9 news station - later that night megan park she car , spot ludlow lurking in the shadow . she will not look at he as she approach the front entrance . she fumble for the right key , feel he eye on she . ludlow thank you . 59 . megan I do not wake up this time of night for non-sex . ludlow simply smile . ludlow you be a delicate flower , megan . she hold the door before open it : ' do you want my help ? 's ludlow I ’11l owe you one . ludlow follow megan inside . megan tell I why you can not watch this at you own station ? ludlow I be not well - like there . megan can not imagine why not . she hit the button for the elevator . megan you punch somebody out ? ludlow not really . megan accuse anyone new of sleep with you wife ? ludlow no , I exhaust that list . megan step into the elevator , turn back coyly . megan so it 's just basically you they do not like . ludlow stare at she blankly . ludlow ( the elevator ) I will get the next one . 60 . int . editing room - a short time later megan work at a editing bay in the small room . ludlow be perch expectantly before a large monitor . megan okay , where 's the tape ? ludlow watch she as she move proficiently about the room . ludlow I probably do owe you a .... megan what ? ludlow I could probably take you somewhere to ... ( megan wait ) «+- apologize . megan yeah ? where have you have in mind ? a abandon parking lot ? ludlow I do not mean like that -- megan it 's fine lud . we be on the same page . he can not get near she tonight . she point over he shoulder . on the large monitor : the surveillance tape from the market . megan sit , slowly astonished by the soundless violence . megan God . you can not just tell I what happen ? ludlow okay , right here . see this mirror ? move in on that or -- make it better . megan try to magnify the image . megan I have people for this , you know ? she bring up the mirror in a high corner of the store . one of the shooter can be see in the reflection . 61 . ludlow good , okay now run it . at half -speed , the shooter appear to lift he stocking mask ... spit on mody ... then shoot he at point blank . ludlow ( astonished ) he spat on he . megan so he ... what ? what do -- ( dawn on she ) he know mody . ludlow nod , he fear confirm . ludlow maybe . yeah . megan so , it be not a robbery ? ludlow no ...no , that would make it a hit . ludlow suddenly head for the vcr , past a daze megan . megan he be snitching on you . ludlow guiltily pocket the tape . megan he be snitching all of you to some commission . ludlow ( nodd ) I forget who I be with for a second . megan what do he have on you ? ludlow nothing . excessive force , racist play . megan that 's it ? ludlow I have know if there be more ... I be just there to punch he in the mouth . time out . 62 . megan and you bring they to kill he . ludlow be that who you think I be ? ( then ) I do not know that guy , megan . mody know they . megan okay , how ? ludlow mody sprung they from a bust a year ago . clady say he be dirty as all hell . megan be not sure what to believe . megan so ... she make he ' keep go 's gesture . ludlow maybe they be in bed together . megan what do you want I to do ? ludlow nothing . if you can stand it . megan what be you gonna do ? ludlow consider it a heavy beat . then , as if surprised by he own conclusion -- ludlow nothing . megan I do not believe that . ludlow well ... you be alone there . int . station hallway - day back in uniform , head sink down , ludlow manage a busy hall . 63 . he lift he eye , spying through a window to the detective 's bullpens . diskant be not at he desk . int . police evidence impound - day diskant stand defiantly at a tall counter . diskant yeah , gil mody ... I get a bank statement here I be try to cross-reference . be he carry any cash when he come in ? the curator tap a few key , read from he screen -- curator yeah - look like ... ( eyebrow ) ten grand . int . complaint department - day ludlow sit disconsolately at he desk . maybe he be go to let it go . across from he sit two prostitute . prostitute this ass work longer than all y’all cop disrespect I -- prostitute # 2 and they always do it on a motherfuckin’ Friday . so we do not see no judge ' till Tuesday and they know that be not fair ... ludlow stare at they - he mind elsewhere . int . police vehicle impound - day diskant complete a circle around mody 's seville . he rifle through the glove box and console , then pop the trunk ... it 's empty , aside from a jack and a spare . about to close the trunk , he spot a SMALL tag attach to a tear string . int . complaint department - day ludlow be mid-conversation with a persian man in jacket and tie . persian man I say please , tell I what I be be charge with . but they just laugh . ( more ) 64 . persian man ( cont would ) they take only - maybe - a hundred dollar , but that 's a lot of money back then ... then I see this picture of this retire captain . the man show ludlow a newspaper photo of silky ( the retire officer from the Pacific dining car send - off ) . persian man this be the man who say it be company money now . that they could not trust I with what I would spend it on -- ludlow back up . ' company money 's , say what ... ludlow put down a doughnut . make he ' keep go 's gesture . persian man contribution to he corporation . ( then ) I do not want my money back . but it stay with I , you understand ? I be third generation american , officer . int . police evidence impound - day a impound tech across the counter examine diskant 's tag . impound tech yeah , it 's a evidence tag . diskant one of ours ? impound tech it 's get we coding prefix . he type the number into he computer , he brow furrowing . impound tech weird ... hold on a sec . he disappear into the stack . diskant turn the screen to read it : ' heroin - 3.255 kilo . 's impound tech ( 0o.s. ) funny ... diskant quickly turn the screen back as the tech return . impound tech the article 's in its place and properly tag . 65 . he pick up and re-examine the tag . impound tech wonder where the hell this come from ? int . complaint department - day ludlow look up from the newspaper clipping of silky . he look the Persian man squarely in the eye . ludlow I be sorry that happen to you . the man exhales , a weight lift . persian man thank you . and that 's enough for he . he leave ludlow with he thought . on he way out , the Persian man pass diskant - wait purposefully . diskant lock eye with ludlow , then walk out . int . hallway - moment later ludlow stick he head into the hall . down the way , diskant let ludlow spot he , then head into the men 's room . int . men 's room - moment later ludlow open the door hesitantly . he find it empty , save for a edgy diskant . ludlow this be the faggiest thing I have ever see . diskant stand he ground . diskant homophobe . good to know on top of everything else . ludlow what be you do ? diskant you get it from all side on this ? 66 . ludlow ( sigh ; reluctantly ) no worse than you , choir boy . diskant glimpsis himself in the mirror , a reckoning instant . diskant alright listen : I be not say I be do anything - or if I tell you one thing I be gonna tell you anything else again ... but I think I know what they have on mody . ludlow look back at the door . ludlow go take a piss . diskant reluctantly oblige , face a urinal in case someone enter . ludlow move to the sink . ludlow why do you say that ? diskant first of all he have ten large on he person when he die . I check out he car at impound ; he have almost four kilo of ' h’ in he trunk . ludlow take a moment , as if soaking it all in ... then -- ludlow ( xe : urinal ) you put you whole body in it like that ? diskant move back , irritate . diskant look , if I be keep you from you new job -- ludlow alright , so you find some ' h '. so what ? diskant so you still have a professional curiosity in fremont and coate ? ludlow make he ' keep go 's gesture . diskant what do you think they do when they be not raping and robbing ? 67 . ludlow they deal heroin . ludlow nod slightly ; he get the point . ludlow and now you wanna shake some tree . meet we terrible twosome . diskant nod begrudgingly . not how he would have put it . ludlow listen , disco . there 's no shame if you wanna play ball with clady . get in on some of that big thing . diskant no shame if you wanna take you pass . ludlow size up diskant . maybe he could go to war with this kid . ludlow it 's you career . diskant it 's you funeral . ludlow can not help smirk at the volley . he think hard ... last chance to be smart . ludlow alright , let 's work . ext . compton - later that day ludlow 's camaro roll - window down , stereo pump - into the hood . diskant ride shotgun , second - guess this whole thing . they cross under a sign : century boulevard . ludlow - out of uniform now - kill the music . ludlow so you be not exactly the inside man here disco , but you ever hear other cop talk about ' the company 's ? they corporation or some shit . diskant what , like investment fund ? 68 . ludlow no , like serpico , shakedown fund . diskant ( disdainfully ) not interested . ludlow I be not fuck offer dummy , I be ask if you have hear of it . diskant no , never have . but I be not around for the good old rampart day . ( then ) why ? ludlow just a complaint I be follow up on . diskant peek at ludlow ; this guy take he job seriously . ludlow anyway quit congratulate yourself . you would have love the old day . we be fuck king ... just a few bad seed that ruin it . as ludlow brake at a red light , a deep stereo bass begin to rattle behind they . without look , ludlow place he 9 mm under he thigh . after a beat , diskant subtly follow suit , place a larger - 45 under he leg . just then a loud crew of blood pull up . they be ready to tear into ludlow -- '' this white boy be lose '' -- until they see which white boy it be . ludlow stare back at the silence young man , until - one by one - they reluctantly look straight ahead . ludlow ( the .45 ) the fuck be that ? diskant too much for you ? ludlow ( exasperate ) almost every shoot be within ten foot , disco . that 's gonna go right through somebody . 69 . diskant -.. guess I be more humane than you . ludlow turn back to the spook blood -- ludlow Green light . the driver reactively hit the gas , then brake hard as he see the light be still red . in the middle of the intersection - no one else around - the young man bicker with each other : '' go! just go nigga '' ... ludlow turn amicably to diskant , really amused . diskant share none of ludlow 's joy . spurn , ludlow mutter something to himself , drive on ... ext . corner - day three hispanic teenager lounge against they car , on they meager bit of turf . ludlow slow , half a block away . ludlow alright disco . you show . diskant my show what ? ludlow gotta start somewhere . go ask ’em where fremont and coate be hide . the three teens scatter as ludlow pull up . diskant jump out , chase one down the street . ludlow drive calmly beside diskant , enjoy the chase . the Hispanic ' runner 's cut through a baseball diamond , prompt ludlow to floor it onto the field . he spin around the runner , cause a cloud of dust as diskant finally make the tackle . the young detective wrestle the young runner into handcuffs . ludlow , meanwhile , calmly crank the heat on he dash . diskant ( to teen ) stop fuck move ! the more you move the more it hurt . 70 . diskant get the dealer up on he foot . diskant you gonna relax , or you gonna act like a little bitch ? hispanic teen fuck you tira . diskant fuck I ? ludlow jeez disco . do not you think that 's a little much ? ( off diskant ) let 's just everybody cool out for a second alright ? ludlow take the young dealer by the arm . ludlow listen , I do not know what he problem be . you just sit down for a second , lemme talk to he , okay hermano ? the dealer nod slightly as ludlow sit he in he camaro - buckle he in before he can react to the shoot heat . ludlow slam the door shut . diskant watch - stunne but not surprised - as the young dealer sweat , squirm ... begin to scream . ludlow join diskant a quiet beat . then -- ludlow you marry disco ? diskant ( distractedly ) f... fiancée . ludlow when 's the big day ? diskant ah , two summer . ludlow ( amused ) do not rush into it now . 71 . diskant Nah , she want a big one , so I be try to save for it ... not easy . as if a oven timer have rung , ludlow return to he car , open the door -- ludlow heroin ! who do I talk to after you ? hispanic teen ( gasp ) the Grill , holme . talk to Grill . he post at mlk and fig . ludlow turn to diskant , slapping a hand to he cheek in mock surprise . ext . martin luther king and figueroa - a short time later grill , a young black male , kick it with a buddy and a six - pack on he trick - out ' 64 impala . grill aw , hell no . ludlow approach with diskant in tow . grill should not you be sleep in a coffin or some shit ? ludlow you be easy to spot in the day , Grill . Grill exchange a look with he buddy , even with diskant . grill nigga what ? ludlow great catch up . listen , you have something ; we need it ; you be gonna give it to we . Grill slide off he cherish impala . grill or what ludlow ? you gonna roust I ? pelican Bay ? lompoc ? he hold he wrist out for handcuff . 72 . grill Party for I , White . southside crip - that 's my homy up in there . he buddy hey yo - I go with he ? they laugh together . grill see that ? he trace a long scar run down he face . grill check the grill . he pull down he lower lip : no tooth . grill you know I see John Wayne badass piggas like you before . and I tell that motherfucker the same thing I tell you . ( lean forward ) sum motherfuck total of nothing . ( easy ) you move , White . bam ! diskant kick in the impala 's shiny door . grill nigga what the fuck ! I just get that motha fucka motha fuck paint ! diskant look to ludlow , then kick it again . grill aw hell no ! ludlow block Grill , as diskant raise he arm tauntingly - crazily - beyond . grill you be not gotta be kick my shit like that ! ( to ludlow ) what you want !? maybe I get it ! ludlow 's almost annoyed that it 's diskant who have crack they . ludlow do not tell I , tell Mr. Wayne . 73. diskant fremont and coate . grill fremont and coat -- ( search ) okay , yeah , yeah I know they cat -- ludlow he 's not gonna touch you car again . grill ( honestly ) never fuck hear of they . ludlow but you have hear of heroin , right ? I mean , you do sell it in the L.A. unified School District , do not you ? ludlow put a key in the impala 's trunk ... Grill look down at he chain , realize ludlow have ' pick 's he . grill look , yo , heroin 's run out of lompoc . how I s'pose to help you if I be not in lompoc ? Grill immediately regret say it . ludlow 's eye light up . ludlow ( cheshire grin ) Party for you , right ? all you homy in there . grill no , no I do not say that . int . lompoc prison - night ludlow walk Grill a half - step ahead of he , through the bowel of the prison . diskant follow down the dark hall , into -- a holding area . inmate on both side , as a deputy warden lead we threesome on . hiss and grumblings from both side as the deputy warden rap on a metal door . giant 's voice yo ludlow ! that you ? that you boy ? 74 . the stall threesome - ludlow , diskant , Grill - turn to find a 6’6 's , 280 pound skinhead strain against he bar . skinhead what , you can not say hello ? you do not know I now ? look at I you fuck ! turn you back on I ?! I will fuck end you !! deputy warden shut you hole ! shut it !! Grill , more than a little irk , look up at ludlow . ludlow ( straight ahead ) I get homy in here too . the metal door clank open to -- a vast rows of cell - storey of they - and a waiting guard . we man step through ... ludlow how you do ? guard good , how you do ? ludlow ( have : Grill ) we boy here 's gonna set up shop tonight . take a few visitor , ask a few question for I . the guard nod knowingly . diskant watch as ludlow palm a few bill , pass they to the guard ... just the way it be . ludlow alright Grill , you scan you homie database . somebody know fremont and coate , we will help that somebody out . maybe a knock a year off , depend . get it ? grill yeah . cool . diskant and ludlow watch Grill off ... then , out of the blue -- ludlow wanna get some dinner ? diskant ah , I should be get back -- 75 . ludlow I be mess with you disco . get home to that pretty wife . on diskant - know it be a genuine invitation . int . usc law library - night a sea of long desk , law student beneath read lamp . amidst the young crowd , linda mody sit before a half - dozen open book . librarian ( 0.s. ) no food or drink , sir . Linda look up , spot ludlow at the far end of the long hall . he 's eat he dinner - a crummy sandwich - and stare up at the cavernous ceiling . Linda look panicked as ludlow discard the sandwich . he wade forward , sifting through the face . something about a aging law enforcer among youthful law student . finally , he spot Linda , approach cautiously . he grab a nearby chair ; it screech across the floor . ludlow wait until the surround stare fade . then , over a fragile peace ... ludlow ( continue where he leave off ) I want to say that ... I be sorry this happen to you . linda how do you know I be here ? ludlow you next - door neighbor . Linda look about the crowded room , beyond uncomfortable . ludlow so this be where lawyer come from . linda so now you have say it . ludlow give up on levity . ludlow I do not speak either ... at my wife 's funeral -- 76 . linda I know where you mean . ( a beat ) he speak of you often . ludlow all good I hope . linda be there something else ? ludlow .~+- yeah , I guess there be . I want to tell you that , even if nobody else will ... I be go to find the man that kill you husband . a nearby student 's head snap up . Linda bolt for the exit . ludlow 's look say it all : ' that may have be a little abrupt . 's ext . usc campus lawns - night ludlow emerge glumly into a dim courtyard . Linda surprise he , stand off to the side . linda what be you apologize for ? ludlow I be not apologize . I be condol . ludlow think of move to she . thinks again . linda why ? ludlow because ... I be the first one there . linda so what do you see ? ludlow that 's not gonna make you feel any better -- linda do not you be familiar with I . I be not join you club because I lose Gilbert . ( then ) I be on the sheriff 's for nine year - I can handle the detail . 77 . the campus night watchman - maybe 19 year old - shine he flashlight on the quarreling pair . campus night watchman everything alright here ? ludlow look ready to snap the youngster in two . linda we be fine . Left alone again , Linda 's placid exterior crack . linda I be sorry for you loss . I be . but God take you wife ... who make Gilbert 's plan ? ( bitterly ) or be it just bad luck ? Linda can not sense the storm she 's brewing in ludlow . linda loss be loss detective . not know be a whole different thing . ludlow move close . he 's not go to harm she , but she 's go to listen . ludlow my wife have a ... thing . she be bear with it in she brain , and she be with someone when it finally burst . he put she on the curb at Cedar sinai , and he drive away . ( nod firmly ) it 's in the not know ... and I do not care who 's plan it be . Linda hold he stare . linda so what do you see ? she ask for it . ludlow it be not a accident . they know he somehow and they shot he in the face . they be heroin dealer and I think they be in business with you husband . he be find with 10,000 in cash when he die . ( then ) anyway , I can try to keep all of this from come out . 78 . linda ( sarcastically ) all for we ? Gilbert must have really have you wrong . ludlow just stare , tight - lipped . to hell with this . linda how many people know he be talk to Internal affair ? ludlow it be not a well - keep secret . Linda let she insinuation - indeed accusation - sink in . linda in my experience , detective , there be that who find the truth and that who lead it where they want it to go . ( off ludlow ) I hope Gilbert be wrong about you ... but you eye just do not look clear enough to I . ludlow they be clear . linda Gilbert be a third - rate street cop . I can admit that and it do not mean I love he any less . but he be not dirty . I ask he to be better and it make hima pariah . that 's what I would have say if I have speak . ( heat ) he be not stupid either . he know he career would be over after testify against all of you . we be go to leave Friday to live in the Bahamas ... silly of we , be not it ? ludlow you be say that 's what the money be for ? Linda back away . linda I be say that funeral be not for he and you be not here for we now . I think you be here to find out how much I know . and you know what ? he be so afraid of you he do not tell I a thing . 79 . ludlow watch she off , chew on that . ludlow ( low ) night . int . basement storage room - day back in he blue , ludlow pull a file from a tall , dusty stack . he look up suddenly when he hear a noise -- man 's voice somebody down here ? ludlow think a moment . ludlow I be . man 's voice well who the hell 's that ? ludlow ludlow . a elderly officer appear at the end of the row . officer oh , well ...hey . what be you ...? ludlow I be look for silky 's old report . we be throw he a private retirement party and I be put together a gag reel for he . the officer laugh and shake he head like '' ai not that a pisser ? '' officer well he 's too old for the computerize stuff . you gotta look at the carbon file . int . civilian complaint - day clady amble down the hall , peek furtively in on ludlow : right where he should be , at he desk . ludlow look up , receive a big ' thumb up 's from clady ; the stout sergeant be still really enjoy himself . 80 . ludlow return to a file beneath he . a log entry read : bar violation /1993 . officer clady , harnish , collinson , mody . ludlow stop on mody - he name right there with clady 's . int . hallway , outside wander 's office - moment later ludlow walk purposefully for wander 's office , file in hand . ludlow wander take away . ludlow ludlow ( on phone ) no , we get a toe hold , disco . but a toe hold 's better than no hold . just wait for I there . stop himself at the last moment from barging in on and bigg . the i.a. man stand over wander 's desk . a earful , wander sees ludlow but do not give he ludlow slink off gratefully . clady help you lud ? turn to find clady on he heel . ludlow naw , you help I enough clady . clady ( be : wander ) he 's take a beat for you in there . stand by you bullshit , ' first respondent 's story . ( close to ludlow ) see they both know it be you bullet lud . the third round in mody . I have say that put you there for a jury , would not you ? ludlow no. no , the m.e. say one of they -- clady C ’mon lud . you get the tape . you know they do not pull a third gun . ( then ) I tell you , we be try to help you . ludlow swallow , he color fade . clady now I be not say you kill he , but you do not help he lud . ( more ) sl . clady ( cont would ) and they 's 1l get you for it . they 's 1ll get you on the drink . they will take it all from you ... let this thing go . for you own good . ext . parking lot , 77th police station - moment later ludlow walk slowly to he car , unbuttone he uniform . shoney and demille be just arrive for the night shift -- demille yo ludlow ! how 's complaint ? ludlow you wife stop by today . shoney laugh . demille do not . ludlow get into he car - start it . then , after a beat - stop it . he stare through he dusty windshield ... tear apart . ext . taco stand , east L.A. - dusk it 's dinner at sunset for diskant . he stand alone at a high table , look about the barrio for any sign of he partner . ludlow ( 0.s. ) hey golden boy . ludlow bite into a burrito , perfectly at home in this mexican enclave . diskant look relieved to see he . diskant where you be ? ludlow no rush . I be here . diskant size up ludlow ... good enough . diskant so what be we wait on ? ludlow ( mid-chew ) address . diskant fremont and coate ? ludlow a associate , apparently . 82. diskant and you leave Grill in there ? ludlow ( mock disgust ) I be not gonna let he walk until it check out , Paul . diskant look about , a little uneasy . diskant quit with the golden boy shit . ludlow well you be , be not you ? you be clady 's protégé . diskant you worried about clady ? ludlow no , I think I be worried about you , choir boy . how do I know you be not report up the ladder on we ? diskant ( sigh ) I get more to lose than I can stand here , Tom . but you go ahead and sucker I again , ' cause I do not think ' trust I 's be gonna do it for you . it 's not much , but it 's ludlow 's kind of speak . ludlow ( satisfied ) ask I how 's complaint ? diskant how 's complaint ? ludlow ready he ' you wife stop by ’... then let 's it go -- ludlow so I be check a complaint on silky ; poor guy retire so they put he picture in the paper . now he 's get everybody come out of the woodwork on he . ( then ) ask I who come up together under he . diskant make ludlow 's ' keep go 's gesture . 83. ludlow clady and mody . they be write up together three time . diskant so ... what ? so clady might have be involved in mody 's ... ludlow not what it could mean , disco . what do it mean right now . diskant means mody be not always on the outside . ludlow nod proudly . ludlow he be testify about something . maybe he actually have something . diskant okay , what ? ludlow mody 's widow say he be go after ' all of we . 's whatever that mean . diskant you speak to he widow ? ludlow ( stream of consciousness ) something big . organize . unionize . diskant like a corporation ? dot . .. connecting . ludlow be you at silky 's retirement ? ( diskant nod ) so you see that check clady pull out . where 's that come from ? I do not chip in . do you ? I know it 's not come out of clady 's pocket . diskant cave in , absorb the implication . diskant I be have more fun a second ago . 84 . ludlow relax , that be just ' could be 's 's . ludlow read he beeping pager , already on the move . ludlow yo , ho , ho . toe hold , disco . diskant address ? ludlow ( 's could be worse 's ) plate . int . ludlow 's camaro - a short time later ludlow gun it through a hole in traffic . diskant 's shotgun . ludlow ( into radio ) alright , I be southbound , just cross Imperial . where be you ? cop 's voice ( from radio ) well , you should see I . I be three car back of a maroon cadillac . owner : cedric ' scribble 's Rose . ludlow ( to diskant ) that 's we guy . ( into radio ; jokingly ) he have not sell any heroin since you have be on he ...? cop 's voice not as far as I can tell . ludlow ( into radio ) alright , I see you . peel off - nice work . the black and white turn away , leave the maroon cadillac expose . diskant ready a powerful red spotlight . ludlow what be you do ? diskant I be gonna pull he over . ludlow for what ? 85 . diskant be you serious ? ludlow just wait . let he roll through this stop sign . both man watch as the driver - amazingly - make a complete stop . ludlow okaaay ... do he signal ? diskant ( ' as a matter of fact 's ) yeah . ludlow alright , take it easy . what 's on he rearview ? ( excitedly ) be that dice ? ludlow 's save by a voice from he radio -- woman 's voice attention 41 A. California license Robert , Tom , Victor , 101 , come back with a failure to appear out of Glendale . ludlow eeww , that 'il do . diskant fire the spotlight . ext . south central - moment later - night the driver , unseen for now , watch diskant and ludlow in he side mirror . both detective approach with weapon draw . diskant hand on the fuck wheel ! diskant come face to face with a massive , sniffling , 40 year - old black man ... this be scribble . diskant signal over the car to ludlow : ' check he eye 's . ludlow drop startlingly into the passenger seat -- ludlow what ’up scribble !? scribble stare at ludlow through shrunken pupil . 86 . scribble what you want with I ? ludlow with you ? nothin’ man . you be just a middle rung on a shitty ladder we be climb . but you miss a court date scribble . that mean we be all gonna spend the weekend together ... what else that mean , disco ? diskant means he 's gonna pop he trunk . scribble begin to tear up like a baby . scribble what ladder ? ludlow fremont and coate . and we have to pay out for you scribble , so do not be cheap with we . scribble weigh two terrible option . scribble --- I be not see they in a week . nobody hear from they . ludlow how long you work with they ? scribble about three month . they dumped my supplier , take over he client list . ludlow you do not have a number ? scribble naw , man . motherfucker call I . ludlow take a moment , clean he tooth with he tongue . ludlow you sniff you own glue , scribble ? huh ? you use ? scribble turn away . 87 . ludlow you know what today be ? today 's fry -day . that mean you be not gonna see a judge ' till Monday - Tuesday . you be gonna get sick without you dope , scribble . you do not wanna get sick , do you ? scribble I help you , they kill my ass . diskant nobody 's kill you ass scribble . we be not even gonna bust they .. scribble look up at diskant through the driver side window . ludlow we just want a piece of the action teddy bear . scribble ( deep breath ) I pick up from they once ... out in palmdale . Little cinderblock place . ext . gravel road , palmdale - dusk a undevelop stretch , apart from a solitary cinderblock home . a long stretch of desert extend behind it . 9 mm draw , ludlow case the front of the house . diskant appear from around the back : ' no sign of anyone . 's ludlow throw a rock at the door . no response from inside . he throw another rock through a window . no response . he kick a loose section of the window glass , enter the drug shack . the place be ransacked - the fridge open , cushion slice open ... even a section of wall tear open . diskant survey the wall - good place for a stash - as ludlow be draw out the back door ... a bloody drag MARK - feebly scrubbed - on the concrete patio . it end where the sand begin . ludlow put he nose in the air ... a sickening waft lead he to -- thick oleander bushes behind the shack . bug swarm above a clump of shrub . beneath the swarm , ludlow find a horde of red ant around a hole in the sand ... 88 . ludlow kick at the ant , scatter they and revealing -- two decayed head , bound in duct tape like mummy . ludlow disco ! ( then ) get a shovel ! a short time later - night diskant cough as he work a shovel into the ground . he step aside as ludlow pull out the second putrid body . they run they flashlight up and down the corpse . whoever they be , they have be dead at least several month . diskant fremont and coate 's competition ? ludlow shrug , he hand be cover in human mush . ludlow that might be ask a little much from scribble . diskant so what now ? ludlow I get a deputy coroner owe I a favor . let 's get ’em i.d. have . diskant you know a certified m.e. who will bag and freeze two decomp ? ludlow from the good old day . diskant must owe you a hell of a favor . ludlow ( smile ) I catch he go down on a foxy little cadaver . diskant start to laugh , but the smell send he dry-heave . 89 . ext . STREET ( in front of the house ) - moment later ludlow rap on the hood of he camaro . all 300 handcuff pound of scribble shift in ludlow 's tiny backseat . ludlow nobody here scribble ! scribble 's head come up slowly from he hide place . scribble I tell yo ass they would not be . ludlow cut the jive and listen . fremont and coate call you again - you set up a meet for we . face to face . scribble you crazy White ? you might 's well have vice tattooe on you forehead . ludlow ( smile ) you just tell they I can do for they what mody can not anymore . you get that ? mody . they 's 11 know what you mean . scribble nod reluctantly . scribble can not we all just go home , now ? int . wander 's home - night wander descend moonlit stair . knocking at he front door . he fasten he robe - drag out of bed apparently - as another loud knock annoys he . he open the door to find -- wander Jesus , lud . I do not work the night anymore . ludlow just stand there . ludlow oh yeah . wander leave the door open , head for the kitchen . int . wander 's kitchen - dead of night 90 . wander make coffee atop a fine granite counter . ludlow sit at a oak kitchen table . wander how 's that reporter of yours . ( off ludlow ) alright , how 's complaint ? ludlow ( half a smile ) have not be there much lately . wander no , no you have not . ( then ) you can not let it go , can you ? ludlow ( whisper ) this be bad guy , Terry . they be wiping out they competition . we find a drug shack they take over in palmdale . the previous tenant be bury in the backyard ... I think I can get a face to face . wander consider the world ludlow have bring into he home . wander you do not need to whisper , lud. ( look upstairs ) Katrina 's be go for a year . ludlow ( ' Jesus 's ) okay . be I the only one who miss that -- wander she still come with I to certain event . there 's a political side to my job that never interested you . ( then ) we have a lot of late night around this table , do not we ? the four of we ? ludlow nod . wander I should have know you have be you on this thing . should have let you take the fall . 91 . ludlow wring he face in he hand . ludlow I leave my badge in the car when I go after mody . I can not hide behind it now . wander ( sigh ) well I give up . you wanna lead diskant around by the collar - teach he all you old trick - go ahead . go on huntin’ . but whatever you two catch ... do not bring it home to the station . you do it the old way . settle it out there . ludlow just blink . wander I 'il back you again . int . coroner 's office - day gold teeth next to grey one . outside the cadaver 's mouth , a seedy coroner work with a clamp . outside the exam room , ludlow stare glassily through a window . diskant work nearby - he 's get a timeline go : the ju jin market ... fremont and coate ... body in palmdale ... diskant wait - so mody 's wife admit mody be dirty ? ludlow she say if he ever be , he clean it up . diskant you think he be work with fremont and coate or not ? ludlow do not move . ludlow I be inclined to believe ... I do not know . but everything come down to that . either he be , and it be a simple score be settle . ( a heavy beat ) or mody be clean , and we be up to we neck in I - do not - even-know - what . 92 . diskant ( pleadingly ) we find the dope in he trunk . ludlow ( scornfully ) what do you find ? you find a evidence tag on a tear piece of string . ( then ) nobody seem to know mody . not scribble , or Grill ... diskant know where ludlow 's head . diskant be there any chance mody be just wrong - place - wrong-time ? ludlow you be look at fremont and coate 's rap sheet . you see they pull any mickey mouse mini-mart holdup ? diskant ( sigh ) they be not there for the register . ludlow okay , junior G. so if mody be clean , and this be not a personal score be settle ... diskant somebody hire they . ludlow ( miserably ) on a different score . the exhaust coroner emerge . coroner lashawn fremont and Wade coate . ludlow ( ' and ? ’) yeah ... coroner yeah , fremont and coate . ludlow what do you mean ? ( the exam room ) in there ? 93 . coroner on my table . diskant fremont and coate ? coroner ( sarcastically ) who 's on first ? yeah , fremont and coate . what the hell 's wrong with you two ? diskant 's cell phone ring . when he see the number he exit reluctantly . ludlow Dead how long ? coroner I have say four to six month . take two nine to the back of the head . no hand on either of they so I have to go dental . he hand ludlow the bullet . ludlow do you say no hand ? coroner we be quit now ludlow . no more favor . the coroner retreat to he office . ludlow just sit there ... head spin . diskant return , the blood drain from he face . he hold up he cell phone -- diskant it 's scribble . ludlow oh yeah ? diskant he 's with fremont and coate . ludlow swallow . that 's interesting . he motion for the phone . ludlow ( into phone ) I know you be the man , scribble . ( listen ) of course we get the shit . ( listen ) tonight 's real good . where ? ludlow motion for a pen , then - deflate - wave it off . 94 . ludlow ( deliberate ) no , no that 's fine . you call this number with the place ... and scribble ? you be there too . ludlow hang up . a eerie silence between the detective . ludlow do not say anything for a second . ludlow keep think ... he sees diskant 's ready to explode . ludlow ( ' keep go gesture 's ) alright , go ahead . diskant ( quickly ) who the fuck be we meeting tonight if fremont and coate be in there ? and - gee , I do not know - who kill mody ? ' Cause I be pretty sure this two be dead three day ago . ludlow stare off , think . diskant oh man , this be fuck . I think you know what you be do . ( then ) okay , well somebody 's lie . ludlow no fuck shit disco . diskant ( xe : the coroner ) maybe this old perv get it wrong . ludlow what , he just pull that name out of a hat ? diskant shake he head , finally calming . diskant you say it 's cop that make a mistake ? the hair , the print - maybe they lock in the wrong guy . ludlow I think we be beyond accident at this point , disco . 95 . diskant meaning what ? ludlow meaning there 's a loop that you and I miss out on . I think we be hit on some of that big thing you be promise . diskant so one of ours pull mody 's killer off the street ? ludlow that 's a could be . diskant okay , right now it mean ... the guy pose as fremont and coate , be pose as fremont and coate when they kill mody . ludlow for who ? for why ? diskant cave in again . diskant be there any way to find out without actually meeting they ? ludlow just smile . ludlow we need more dope . diskant ( no big deal ) we will sign it out . ludlow I hate to remind you disco , but we be on we own with this thing . diskant so we will boost it . ludlow 's head roll back ... he 's create a monster . ludlow you show . diskant nod , convincing himself . 96 . diskant be there time for I to roll home ? grab some of my gear ? ludlow yeah , go kiss she goodbye . diskant chortle . then , somewhat dolefully -- diskant guess we should get we affair in order . ludlow nod ; the kid 's grow on he . ludlow 's cell phone ring . the display read : ' megan 's ... he simply stare at it . ext . middle CLASS neighborhood - dusk ludlow stand at the door of a small home . it appear he 's be there for some time . in he hand , the videotape . linda mody open she front door . she contemplate ludlow and he tape , before open the door further . ludlow I do not want to intrude . linda ( a hint of good nature ) well I do not want you see on my porch . STREET Pov : from inside a park car , we watch ludlow enter the house ... reveal shoney and demille , tailing ludlow . int . mody home - continuous the floor be a surreal mix of flowers and moving box . everything be cover in sheet - the television , furniture - except for a few stand picture of Gilbert mody . ludlow still carry the videotape - he personal albatross . linda should I know what that be ? ludlow you say you want to know . ( search ) --- I steal it from the market that day . I be there ... before he die . linda why ? 97 . ludlow I hear he be testify ... against I . I be gonna hurt he . linda do you ? ludlow I would have ... Linda 's roote to the ground . her stoicism break ludlow down -- ludlow I think he be try to take what I have leave . she regards the tape . linda and now I can take it . ludlow nod , he penance complete . he start for the door . linda I think I say something unforgivable to you . about you wife . ludlow turn back calmly . ludlow you know I think I be just happy to talk about she . linda I be sure she be lovely . ludlow well we be not that great , obviously . but I do not think we be that bad either . Linda look at he , truly , for the first time . linda make room for someone else , detective . while you be wait for it all to make sense . ( all the flower ) I be in the club , so I can say that to you . ludlow manage a rusty smile . 98 . ludlow I believe you about you husband . I think he be kill for he testimony . Linda 's eye well . ludlow what do he have , Mrs. mody ? ludlow 's ask for a huge leap of faith . ludlow I be not sure what I be walk into tonight . linda ( compel ) he be go to expose some sort of money skim operation . he say it be organize like any company . different station coordinate ... that 's all I know . ludlow nod , he fear confirm . ludlow I 'il get the rest . int . locker room , 77th police station - night ludlow dress at he locker , like a Hall of Fame pitcher make he last start . his routine be almost religious : a kevlar vest , a shoulder holster , a 9 mm , ammunition , a two-inch .38 in he back pocket ... diskant be the only other man in the room . he armor up quietly , appreciate the moment . ludlow sees diskant holster a simple 9 mm ; the young cop have come a long way . diskant you sure we do not wanna roll with back - up ? couple guy ...? ludlow ( wryly ) which cop do you have in mind ? diskant concede the point . ludlow ( low ; razor - sharp ) just wait ' till you see the cash . then we can move . ( more ) 99 . ludlow ( cont would ) ( diskant nod ) and look for the dope as soon as we get in there . if they have not test it ... that 's not good . diskant wait - forget the cash . we get ’em on murder . diskant hand ludlow a bag of dope . ludlow no , we definitely do not . they face be cover and somebody else ... bigg be stand at the end of the row , he imposing assistant behind he . bigg back on the night , Tom ? be not ground very long , be you ? ludlow give diskant a look , prompt the young detective to excuse himself . bigg ( to diskant ) yeah , past you bed time boy . diskant fuck you . ludlow cringe gleefully as diskant carry on . bigg I know he name now , do not I ? ludlow ( be : bigg 's assistant ) lose the shadow . bigg nod the man away . bigg so you two be see all around town . ludlow it 's purely social . ludlow pack a bag of heroin inside he jacket . bigg I be surprised you have be see here . 100 . ludlow well , we have to come in for some dope . bigg ( be : the bag ) that it ? ludlow no , this I steal from a dealer I know . ludlow close he locker , lock and load . bigg you really think I be gonna do nothing about you ? ludlow here 's what I really think Terrell . I think for all you huffing and puffing , you be not quite ready to do my job . you be too good to go into you own alley ... clean up the needle and baby part . you need I for all that . and more importantly -- ( face to face as he pass ) -- you need I to blame . bigg be this you work against they ? ludlow I keep tell you Terrell . I do not know who they be . bigg gauge ludlow 's sincerity . bigg but you be waking up , son . ( call after ) you keep my number Tom . ext . imperial court , project apartment - later that night a 16 year - old runner carry a test bag away from ludlow 's camaro . scribble wait outside the car - lud and disco inside . ludlow ( break the tension ) y’alright teddy bear ? 101 . scribble this be bad dude , White . if they can not fuck it , rob it or kill it , they do not want it . cat like that do not like get gank - ' specially by someone like I . ludlow nobody 's get ' gank 's scribble . this be a business deal . ludlow roll the window up , turn subtly to diskant . ludlow Jesus . but diskant be just as spook as scribble . ludlow listen , disco . I trust you to back I up . maybe you should do it from outside . I be not use to work with someone anyway . diskant turn curiously to ludlow . ludlow this be all on they term right now ... you do not have to know the way I do . diskant ( swallow ) no , this be my show . I be include myself . God know I be not gonna be part of much else after this . ludlow half -smile as scribble knock on the window . scribble look like you shit pass . a light flash out a fifth -story window . scribble you gonna kill ’em right ? int . corridor - a short time later scribble exhales , knock loudly over music inside . ludlow wait behind he . his focus be in stark contrast to the ludlow we first meet . diskant stare back , down a shadowy hall , as the door open ... ludlow ease scribble forward , almost like a shield . 102 . int . apartment - continuous the apartment be a mixture of extravagance and filth . one of mody 's killer wait at a couch above a glass table . last in , diskant look around the open door for the other killer when he feel the muzzle of a .38 against he temple . [ the gunman call himself fremont , he partner coate , so we will too . ] fremont move to the fuck wall . scribble Nah , they cool man -- coate shut the fuck up , scribble ! diskant do not budge , but he 's about to lose he cool . ludlow nobody 's unpack anything . we be here to do business and we do not do it blind . ( to fremont ) you wanna feel my partner down , go ahead . but he 's not take it out for you . a tense beat . suddenly coate break out laugh . coate oh shit ! you wanna touch he junk lashawn ? ( a grin with ludlow ) nigga take a seat at my table . you pass that test . chill the fuck out lashawn , scribble say they cool . ludlow sit across from coate , diskant stay by the door . coate ai not that right , scribble ? scribble yeah . coate ( mockingly ) yeah . make we some drink teddy bear . teddy bear . ludlow 's nickname for scribble . ludlow peek at diskant , but the young detective be fix on the test bag ... it lie unopened on a side table . 103 . coate shoot , we get the po- po in da 's house . ai not that some shit ? yo , there any straight cop leave ? ludlow place the second bag of heroin on the table . coate S ’up po- po ? talk to you . ludlow yeah , we be the po-po . coate you get a badge ? ludlow toss it to he . coate flash it at fremont -- coate yo nigga ! you under arrest ! ludlow like I tell scribble , we be not in this for a quick score . we just want to show you a few inefficiency in you system . it 's vulnerable , obviously . we can protect you -- coate shit , you cop be like weed , you know that ? you pull one out , two more grow in . ludlow ( carefully now ) well , mody probably get greedy . ludlow wait ... no reaction from coate . ludlow we be not try to get rich here . we just wanna put away a little on the side for we family ... coate yeah , you think Bahamas someday ? ' Bahamas 's ... the mody 's plan ... ludlow be throw . ludlow what 's that now ? 104 . coate you know : better car , better trip -- ( at diskant ) -- better honeymoon . diskant - engagement ring on he finger - want out of this room . ludlow , on the other hand , be suddenly distract by -- the 50 cal . machine gun ( from we open ) , sit in a back corner . it 's a kind of altar , wrap in small white light . however it get here , it mesmerize ludlow . diskant ludlow ... fremont yo , check this Wade . ( ludlow 's badge ) ai not this the nigga from the market that day ? coate ( a slow burn ) goddamn . that be you be not it ? ludlow . that why you here ? you want some revenge for that nigga ? ludlow you do I a fuck favor that day . I just want to know who else I should thank . scribble sweat in a corner of the room . coate ( dead serious ) you that good , po-po ? you know there be someone else ? scribble c’mon fella , let 's sample they shit . coate shut the fuck up scribble . diskant ( overlap ) ludlow ... ludlow finally turn to diskant . diskant there 's no cash come out -- 105 . blam ! coate have shot diskant in the head ... the young detective be dead before he hit the ground . ludlow dive behind the couch . stuff punch out all around he . he fire wildly back , the dealer retreate . fremont duck into a bathroom off to one side , coate into a kitchen off to the other . the sound of Hispanic woman scream through the wall . ludlow 's hand shake as he reload . near to he , diskant 's lifeless eye cast into the dirty carpet . fremont you under arrest po-po ! ludlow empties a clip , diving to a nearby closet . crumple on the floor , scribble clutches he bleed abdomen . ludlow , fremont and coate can not see each other , but they can all see scribble . coate scribble , pick that gun the fuck up and shoot that mothafucka ! scribble see diskant 's gun lie on the floor . he ignore it when ... blam ! a shot from the kitchen tear into he calf . coate next one peel you cap nigga ! scribble fumble the gun into he shaking hand . ludlow cedric , do not fuck do it ! coate ' cedric 's ? what that ? you slave name ? you best fuckin’ do it ! aim at ludlow , scribble slowly lower the gun . he can not do it . he 's instantly riddle with bullet from the kitchen . peek around the corner , ludlow see fremont advance to the couch . fremont fire , cover coate as he cross to the bathroom . they be like a train combat unit , positioning for the kill . running out of option , ludlow key on the bag of heroin . he take careful aim , popping both bag and fill the air with china white . 106 . with a deep breath , ludlow wade into the cloudy room . he 's winged by a shot , but keep move forward ... fremont 's Pov : he 's unable to see two foot in front of he , until ... ludlow 's right there . blam ! fremont 's go . coate be catch reloading in the narrow kitchen when ludlow aim and fire ... clunk . his 9 mm jam . coate be ready . he fire as ludlow duck behind the fridge . as ludlow withstand the shot - the fridge dent - he eye diskant on the ground . Dead and go . coate you do ludlow ! I do you like I do he ! ludlow 's temper seem to boil - he 's have enough of this - as he push the fridge like a linebacker in a football drill . he drive it right into coate , pin he against the wall . in a heartbeat , ludlow pull the snub-nose from he back pocket - scale the fridge - and fire down through coate 's skull . ludlow slide down off the fridge , totally spend . he go to coate , check he pocket , desperate for any clue ... ludlow who ? ..- but there 's nothing . nothing to go on . he have fail . ext . hallway - moment later ludlow drag diskant out , prop he gently against the wall . he sit beside he ... unable to look at he friend . siren in the distance . ludlow take a deep breath - rise - and walk away ... ext . megan 's home - night ludlow limp up step , bleed from he shoulder down he sleeve . megan open the door before he knock , she face cover in tear . ludlow why be you cry ? she almost smile , help he inside . 107 . int . megan 's home - moment later ludlow sit on the floor , back against she couch . megan rush out of the bathroom , tape and gauze in she hand . ludlow .»- j just want a name . we could not get it . he pull he arm away from she . megan just let I do this . megan try to compose herself as she wrap the bandage . megan ( try to convince herself ) it 's gonna be okay . it 's gonna be okay . ludlow she ’1ll get nothing . megan what ? ludlow she do not get a pension ' cause they do not do it yet . she 's probably still sleep . megan lud , just take it easy . what be you say ? ludlow I walk he in there . ( turn to she ) it go bad megan . megan 's still cry she own tear . megan I know . ludlow ( recur to he ) wait , why be you cry ? megan look back at she tv , on in the background . 108 . megan they call I to cover it . I do not go because it be you . ludlow drag himself to the tv : helicopter image of the imperial court building . then a graphic appear : ludlow 's S academy photograph . he look young in he blue , he eye clear and hopeful . a reporter and analyst go back and forth over the image -- analyst 's voice ( on tv ) ... the loss of he wife last year . he 's have a history of violence and complaint against he that have make he a well - know figure in this community . but this - you do not see something like this come . reporter 's voice ( on tv ) again , the detail just come in ... detective Tom ludlow , a twenty - year man on the force ... want for the slay of two undercover officer in the early hour this morning . two more Academy photograph replace ludlow 's : two young , clean -cut black officer ... the man represent themselves as dealer fremont and coate . reporter 's voice ( on tv ) ludlow and detective Paul diskant be attempt to sell a large quantity of narcotic to the undercover officer when the shoot occur . ludlow be simply ... destroy . a ticker run along the bottom of the screen : cop wanted in slaying of three fellow officer . reporter 's voice ( on tv ) detective ludlow be at large and also want for question in the murder of Officer Gilbert mody , kill last week in a Korea town grocery ... megan lud ? lud ? megan watch ludlow disintegrate . 109 . megan we will not let they , lud . you can fight this . please do not give in like this . ( cry ) please , you be scare I ... ludlow you do not understand ... megan tell I . ludlow I should have know they be cop ; I could not see it ... I could not think it . ( then ) all I see be two ... megan no , I know it 's not true . people will listen , lud . what be you gonna do -- ludlow ( resignedly ) no . there 's only ‘how it look '. now , finally , megan quiet . she look about ... lose . then --a knock on the door . ludlow suddenly panic . ludlow ( the bandage ) get this off I . megan what ? man 's voice ( 0.s. ) Police ! ludlow you do not want I here . you do not open the door ! he tear off he bandage , hand they to she . megan no , I do not want to do this -- ludlow ( for all to hear ) open the fuck door ! ( to she ) you gotta scream megan . do it or they 's 1l kill you . 110 . megan what ? he slap her hard . she cry as he shove her into she bedroom . ludlow do it ! megan tell I you 'il meet I at the station . ludlow ( shaking she ) scream ! megan no ! tell I ... it 's a isolate , peaceful millisecond between they . ludlow alright ... now fuck scream . megan ( blood-curdling ) help !! she slam the door between they , just as - boom ! - the front door be kick in . shoney and demille advance , gun on ludlow . both men down ! on the fuck floor ludlow ! ludlow drop to he knee , hand on he head . ludlow you fuck bitch ! demille shut up ! shoney throw ludlow down , take he piece and cuffing he . demille kick in megan 's door , find she cry on the floor , cell phone to she ear ... a trickle of blood on she mouth . megan oh , thank God . demille stare a calculate beat ... then lower he gun . demille it 's alright honey . you be alright now . 111. shoney let 's go . demille reluctantly peel he eye off megan . demille alright . get he up and out . megan watch tearfully as ludlow 's lead roughly off . ext . califonia desert - later that night demille 's sedan cruise along a open freeway , away from the city light . int . demille 's car - continuous ludlow ride in the backseat , he head rest against the window . he 's resign now ... no fight leave . he take in the pass terrain ... sand and brush in the moonlight . his eye catch demille 's in the rearview mirror . demille ( to shoney ; be : megan ) not the most loyal girl , be she ? gimme some tip ludlow . how do I console that hot reporter ass after you be go ? ( then ) c’mon . I know you whisper all sort of sweet thing to mody 's widow . shoney turn around to ludlow . shoney you fuck ’em both , right ? which one you like better ? demille ( no more joke ) should not have give she that tape lud . ludlow the fuck be you talk about ? shoney ( to demille ) take it easy -- demille no , I want he to know before we do it . smug fuckin’ prick . ( more ) 112 . demille ( cont would ) you figure it out yet ? how fremont and coate make it to the market that day ? very slowly , ludlow slide he handcuffs from behind he back to under he thigh ... ludlow you kill they instead of arrest they . demille they have not make it a mile out of the station before we pick ’em back up and peel they fuck cap . shoney no papers , no friend , no relative . ( turn to ludlow ) it be my idea . demille anyway , a little hair , a little blood . it 's the ultimate get-outta-jail card . ( xvhetorically ) gotta get rid of a rat piece of shit like mody ? ' fremont and coate do it . 's shoney you ruin a very good thing for we boy . very subtly , ludlow lift he knee , try to get he hand in front of himself . demille we give you a lot of rope on this one ludlow . we even let mody 's widow live this long with what she know ... and she fuck know with that pussy - boy husband of hers . but you have fuck that up for both of you now . shoney guess whose hair and blood 's gonna be all over she place ? ( to demille ) shit , maybe we should have he rape she too . demille ( howling ) Ho , I 'il let you handle that ! in one motion , ludlow clear the handcuffs under he foot and throws they around demille 's neck . he hang on - like a animal that will not release it 's hold - as shoney bashes he skull . 113. demille swerve on the freeway as shoney hammer the butt end of he 9 mm into ludlow 's head - again and again - until finally , as the last blow impact , we -- cuT to black ext . drug shack , palmdale - later that night ludlow 's eye open slowly ... he blood congeal on dusty concrete . he 's lie on he cheek . oleander brush wave in the bright moonlight . demille 's suddenly in he face , swabbing blood from he scalp into a vial . he speak softly , triumphantly , in ludlow 's ear -- demille aw , poor Tommy . I know what you be really wonder . how could they leave I out ? ludlow cough , choke on he own blood . demille you be almost approach , you know . if you can believe that . but you be just too selfish to be trust . just a low - class drunken loud mouth out for himself . ( then ; rise ) you should have keep more friend , ludlow . demille leave ludlow on the ground , take the vial inside . ludlow 's eye dart about - look for a play - but he body be unresponsive . he wilt without move ... it 's all over . then , a wind pick up , ruffling the oleander brush before he . still handcuff , ludlow 's breathe rise ... he face flush ... he 's not ready to quit just yet . he begin crawl , still handcuff , towards the brush . demille ( kid around ) hey , shone !! get out here ! he 's make a run for it ! the first shot explode in the sand by ludlow 's ear . the brush be still fifteen foot away ... shoney where you go lud ?! 114 . blam ! another shot near ludlow 's hip . they FIRE over and over , toy with ludlow . a bullet rip into he calf . close on ludlow . not do yet . five feet to the brush . demille he 's gonna bury himself ! more shot in the sand all around he ... two feet ... then , draw from way down , he find the strength to scurry into the thick brush . demille look partly flustered , mainly annoyed . shoney let 's just do he and get go . inside the brush , ludlow crawl through swarming red ant ... he 's go towards the burial hole ... and , just beyond it ... diskant 's shovel . demille this be it lud . I be not gonna say I have not enjoy this , but I 'il make it quick for you . he find ludlow on he back , exhaust , hand over he head . demille get right on top of he ... he raise he gun ... when ludlow 's hand extend from the brush , bring the shovel to demille 's forehead . shoney charge into the brush , firing at ludlow as he drag demille backwards , the two of they fold into the grave . shoney get overtop of the grave , firing down ... from beneath the cover of demille , ludlow shoot straight up , kill shoney instantly ... .-- use he foot , ludlow push demille out of the grave . then , summoning all he strength , he lift himself out ... he cough up dirt and blood ... back from the dead . int . linda mody' home - night Linda walk through she live room - still litter with box and flower - to answer she front door . she open it -- find clady on she doorstep . he smile over the chain lock ... 115 . int . live room , wander 's home - night wander sit in he robe - middle of the night - glue to the television . it 's as if ludlow 's story , still break news , have suck the life out of he . we stay on he , over -- anchor 's voice ( on tv ) as far as we know Officer ludlow be still at large . again , a police spokesperson say ludlow be to be consider armed and dangerous . co-anchor 's voice ( on tv ) strange to hear the police use that kind of terminology on one of they own . anchor 's voice ( on tv ) absolutely ... int . linda mody' home - night a cabinet smashes as clady chase Linda through she home . he pin she in a corner , she nose already drip with blood . clady this place be a fuck mess , you know that ? where be it ? huh ? where 's the fuck tape ? ( slap she viciously ) look at you - get you nigger blood all over I . Linda turn she head away , try to imagine herself somewhere else . clady glimpsis a vcr atop of a move box . clady be that a vcr ? released for a moment , Linda slide down the wall , into a heap . as clady check the vcr - smash it when he find it empty - Linda glimpsis ludlow look in a window . Linda 's head fall forward - a kind of exhaust , euphoric release . she know she trial be over . none the wiser , clady return to she - angrier than ever . he pick she up , momentarily bemuse as she smile through tear . clady you be a tough a little cunt , be not you ? tougher than that husband of yours . ( more ) 116 . clady ( cont would ) ( then ) what 's so funny ? huh ? linda bye bye now . one second clady be there , the next - as if hit by a bus - he 's go . ludlow tackle he to the floor , wrenching the air from he lung and breaking he arm as he cuff he . Linda turn away as clady howl . ext . linda mody' home - moment later ludlow drag a unconscious clady to he ' requisition 's vehicle ( shoney and demille 's unmark car ) . he stuff the sergeant into the trunk as Linda watch from she doorstep . ludlow you gotta go now Linda . wherever it be , you have to go . linda ( wryly ) I be already pack . ludlow take the cue , slow for a moment . ludlow I find they . the man who kill -- linda I know who you mean . ludlow well , I want to arrest they , but ... it do not work out that way . Linda recover from the news , still in tatter . linda take care of yourself Officer . ludlow nod , bittersweetly . nothing leave to say . ludlow goodnight . a cell phone be ringing ... from inside the trunk . ludlow open it , grab clady 's phone ... ludlow ( on phone ) yeah . 117 . man 's voice ( from phone ) Jesus , nobody 's answer - what 's go on out there ? be it over or not ? ludlow go pale . ludlow ( on phone ) Terry ? intercut with : int . kitchen , wander 's home - continuous phone to he ear , wander stand over he sink , stare into he backyard . he 's just as speechless . wander ( on phone ) lud ? wander set down a coffee mug . wander ( on phone ) where 's clady ? ludlow ( on phone ) trunk . wander ( on phone ) shoney and demille ? ludlow ( on phone ) palmdale . ludlow take a breath , begin to process . he smile bitterly . ludlow ( on phone ) I guess you all have I right ... I never could see a move ahead . wander ( on phone ) now listen . before you do anything else ... we should talk . you owe I that much .... lud ? ext . wander 's home - early dawn ludlow drive over the curb , onto the grass . he 's bring wander 's whole scheme back to he , and park it on he front lawn . ludlow pull he 9 mm , retrieve from shoney 's dead body , slide he hand along the rack . he clear the chamber , then - - 118 . drop out the clip ... contemplate the bullet . int . wander 's home - moment later ludlow enter cautiously , weapon draw . wander ( 0.s. ) Hell of a parking job . ludlow follow the voice , limping to the -- kitchen wander sit passively , two coffee on the kitchen table . ludlow put you hand on the table . wander oblige , nothing - apparently - up he sleeve . wander sit down , you can still point that at I . ludlow 's head swivel , watch he own back . wander it 's just you and I . and so ... ludlow join he at the table . wander you wear a wire ? ludlow just you and I . wander -.. it start with a hundred dollar . we be tangling with thug that have better armor than we . I steal a hundred dollar to get a better vest . ludlow 's listen ... but he 's also digging in he jacket . he place shoney 's badge on the table . wander the lawsuit start about the same time in this state . ( bitterly ) Sue anybody for anything . especially cop . ( then ) they go after silky personally . ( more ) 119 . wander ( cont would ) take he home from he ... the rest of we start pool together . ludlow place demille’s badge on the table . wander the suit get bigger so we start skim more . even if we be not in trouble we have just keep pool together , just to be ready for the next one . clady 's badge on the table . wander get to be that , when we be in the black , we have pay out here and there . nobody 's buy yacht or summer home . just a natural correction in a flaw system . Christ , lud , if teacher could do it they would too . ludlow that help you sleep at night ? wander fuck you . ( the badge ) what be that ? scalp ? for old time 's sake , ludlow make he ' keep go 's gesture -- ludlow keep go . I want to hear you get to the part where we murder , and deal , and kill other cop . wander ( mock innocence ) I do not know what you mean . ludlow mody . wander not a cop . ludlow fuck you - be a man . you put they on I . wander I hold they off you - long as I could . I have to put you down , lud . you do not listen . I have give you so much rope ... ( darkly ) you do not know what you be , do you ? 120 . ludlow I know my part in this . wander do you lud ? c’mon ... that kid in Little saigon ? you could have wait for backup ; they be not go anywhere . but you do not like ’em . so you kill ’em . and the world 's a better place for it . ( then ) you decide what justice be , and I back you . because I trust you know right from wrong . that 's how it work ... or you be a killer . ludlow tease the trigger on he 9mm . ludlow forget it . forget the drug and the money . ( astound ; offended ) you get cop kill cop . you get I kill cop . and then you come after I ? ( quiet , blister rage ) after everything . the four of we around this table , huh ? when do this start make sense to you ? wander you wanna make this personal . I understand that . but you be just in the way . ludlow of what ? you corporation . wander of a system that be work Tom . everybody happy . we do the job on the street and take care of we own . you and mody fuck that up . ludlow all for a little green ? wander I be the father of a very large family . and we have gotta survive Tom . welcome to the big picture . ludlow no . no more big picture . no more ' change with the time 's . we be not go with you version this time . 121. wander we version . ludlow nod , concede he part in they play . wander I allow you to exist lud . you tear I down you make we both extinct . ten year - we will all be like firemen . just sit around wait for phone call because it 's too risky - too expensive to go out and stop something . ludlow smile sadly . wander take it for defeat . wander you be not gonna ruin we both . ludlow I be save Terry ... even if I be as fuck as you be . ludlow pull a last badge out of he pocket . ludlow this one 's diskant 's . ludlow just hold it there , let it burn into wander . from total surrender , wander move slowly to rage ... wander I be not go through this . the media , the bullshit system , like some Joe Public schmuck . you want to end I , then you do it . you owe I that ! ludlow smile as he rise ; he 's not go to shoot wander . wander spray he coffee over ludlow , tossing the table . wander fuck you ! this be what you want , then you be a man and do it ! ludlow stand he ground , drip . he stare into he old friend 's eye , and place he 9 mm on the counter . ludlow I be do kill cop . and you do not know better than that schmuck , you arrogant prick . wander sob as ludlow turn away . then ... ludlow hear a ' click 's . he turn to find wander point he 9 mm at he . 122 . wander all you do be make heroes lud. first mody ... that nigger cop you kill tonight ... and now I . for stop you . ludlow you be gonna do it yourself now ? wander self-defense lud . you be a craze killer . ludlow 's rage build as wander tighten on the trigger ... wander it be I by the way . I take she to the hospital that night . should have be you . ( then ; finally ) I be fuck you wife tom. ludlow absorb what he 's always wonder ... and always know . ludlow I know . still aim at ludlow , wander pull the trigger ... click . nothing . click . click . the magazine be empty . wander you gotta be kid ... ludlow begin roll up he sleeve . ludlow that feel personal . wander drop the gun , roll up he own sleeve . both man wait until the other be ready . and then , with a share nod ... boom ! they collide like two ram , lock and grapple . SOUND drop out , except for they breathing . they snort and gasp as each land crushing blows ... there 's absolutely nothing sexy about it . this be what it take to be ludlow ; what nobody out there want to know about . he land one more blow than he old friend , overpower he . he turn wander over , cuffing he -- wander no ! no ! wo ! ludlow slump against the wall . out of breath , bleed everywhere . he slowly , painfully pull out he phone . 123. ludlow ( into phone ) this be 41 Adam . Officer down . 408 oak street ... send rescue . ext . wander 's home - moment later bigg wait patiently , lean on the hood of demille 's sedan . he watch ludlow hobble out of wander 's house ... bigg Rough night ? ludlow first on scene ? bigg come as soon as you call . I be hope it have be you that walk out . ludlow just sit back and let we all kill each other . that the idea ? bigg you be not all the same to I ludlow . ( sincerely ) you be not they . ludlow 's too tired to react . siren near . bigg self-defense ? it 's all ‘how it sound 's , you know ? ludlow whatever you say boss . bigg you get key to this thing ? there 's somebody in the trunk I would not mind speak with . ludlow toss he the key , hobbling off on he way . bigg where you walk son ? as two black and white 's pull up , bigg hold up he badge - shield ludlow . 124 . int . 77th police station - day the busy station come to a grind halt ... as ludlow walk in . he limp down the long hallway - no one make a sound . he stare up at a desk sergeant , who knowingly point he down the hall , deeper into the lion 's de . at the end , he find megan stand plaintively at a high desk . she turn from the clerk ignore she ... finding ludlow ... megan gather she purse , compose herself , and walk to he side . they do not touch or speak - but she see that he 's still there ... still in one piece . and that make she smile . ludlow manage he own , bloody version of one in return . credit over they long walk out . the end