the leopard man screen play by ardel wray from the novel black alibi by Cornell woolrich fade in on the fountain at El pueblo . a jet of waiter rise into the air at regular interval , toss a empty ball in rhythm . below the ball , the water cascade into the second tier of the fountain . superimposed over this fountain be the main and credit title . throughout the run of the title we hear castanet music grow louder and louder . when the last credit title fade off we begin to dissolve the corridor , backstage at El pueblo . a empty corridor stretch away before we . the camera truck along this corridor . the sound of the castanet be so loud and ringing now that it have a furious and stormlike quality . the camera seem to search for the source of this sound . it approach two open doorway at the end of the corridor . through the doorway on the right we see a dancer in Spanish costume . she pirouettes in a final whirl of the dance as the camera move in to a close shot of she beautiful back and the two castanet she hold up over she gleam naked shoulder . over the diminish trill of the castanet , as the dancer finish she dance we hear a dull and angry pound . the castanet click to a end . the camera move left to take in the adjoin door to show we the source of this sound . int . kiki walker' dressing room - night kiki Walker as she finish pound on the wall for silence in the adjoin dress room and turn back into she own room . she be young , blonde and represent that peculiar phenomenon of we time , the chorus girl and entertainer who be more lady - like than the majority of junior leaguer . Road show , one night stand and even a short turn in burlesque have leave no battle scar . she may know many a hard word , but she never use it . mo . shot - kiki 's room . kiki slam shut the door of she dress room . her dress room be a small bare cubicle with a sink , easy chair , dress table and a long mirror on the closet door . on the dress table , among a clutter of jar and ointment , be a small musical trinket box . the closet door be partially ajar . in the room with kiki be eloise , the cigarette girl at the El pueblo , a brightly blondine young lady . her nether limb be well display in black stocking . a cigarette tray be sling over she shoulder . kiki ( as she walk across the room ) it may sound like music to she -- I can do better with my tooth in a cold shower . ( mockingly ) click '' click '' click . eloise ( shrugging ) she 's a local . when the dude come out to New Mexico , they go to wallow in Latin glamour . this be a bad town for blond . kiki yes . so I have notice . Jerry 's notice -' he will come up with something . eloise you think be 's pretty nice , do not you ? kiki why not ? he 's a good press agent and a good friend . besides , we have share a lot of headache —— eloise you be lucky . I wish he would front page for I . kiki maybe . for three year I have sung in rat ' nest , while Jerry pound he foot off and he brain out -- try to get I a real chance . we be due for a little luck ! kiki walk across to the make - up table and sit down in front of it , lift she hand to unwrap the towel which be wrap around she head to protect it from make - up . eloise start toward the door , but pause to admire herself in the mirror , . eloise I do not mean this personally , miss Walker , but it 's ironic —- she pause , strike a pose the better to look at she own sleek leg in the minor . eloise I mean you be a star and I be just a cigarette girl . kiki ( turn from ( the mirror to look at eloise ) I know . I know . you have get the talent . I get the break . she turn back to the mirror . ned . close reflection shot of eloise . we see eloise admire herself in the long mirror and also the edge of the dress room door as it slowly begin to swing open . kiki be voice I hear it in night club . eloise can see what be open the door . she let loose with a shriek of mortal terror . mo . close shot of kiki . she whirl quickly and rise , she mouth open in a soundless ejaculation of fright . reverse shot - the door . through the doorway come the black , spade - shape head of a panther , ear wickedly flat , muzzle to the floor . he start into the room with a terrifying zigzag undulation . eloise yip feebly . kiki scream . as the panther advance into the room , one can see that it be hold on a taut leash . holding the leash be Jerry man , with a wide , pleasant smile of reassurance on he lip . close shot kiki on top of the dress table . she stand there hold she dress gown back across she knee in terror . the little jewel box have fall to the floor , and the insipid tinkling tune fill the room as it roll across the floor toward the panther . mo . shot - kiki , eloise , Jerry and the panther . kiki stand on top of the dress table ; eloise have retreat behind a chair , and Jerry stand between they , grin , hold the leash of the panther , which be nose forward to examine the music box kiki ( hit high C ) get it out of here ! jerry kiki -- he will not hurt you . there 's nothing to be afraid of . kiki make no difference . get he out ! jerry listen , kick , you will never guess what I have cook up this tine ... kiki that 's easy . me. jerry I think -- be kiki just go to walk on that floor tonight ——walk out cold before a bunch of gawk who think a Spanish twirler be the great thing in life . no . not my favorite client . she 's go to make a entrance this town will never forget ! kiki ( point to the leopard ) on he back , I suppose . jerry ( kid she ) no . I think that might be just a little corny . I want you to lead he in on a leash . kiki you be too good to I . jerry look , kick , have I ever do anything to hurt you ? kiki no —- not yet . jerry ( quite sincerely and with evident affection ) and I never will - you know what 's between we '' we be a thing but this be serious competition . alternate scene kiki ( hit high C ) get it out of here ! jerry kiki - he will not hurt you . there 's nothing to be afraid of . kiki make no difference . get he out . jerry listen , kick , you will never guess what I have cook up this time . kiki that 's easy . me. jerry I think -' be kiki just go to walk on that floor tonight walk out cold before a bunch of gawk who think a Spanish twirler be the great thing in life . no . not my favorite client . she 's go to make a entrance this town will never forget . kiki ( point to the leopard ) on he back , I suppose . jerry ( kid she ) no . I think that might be just a little corny . I want you to lead he in on a leash . kiki you be too good to I . jerry ( sentimentally ) look , kick , how long have we know each other ? kiki ( flatly ) this be l939 . can not you subtract ? jerry almost three year , be not it ? and have I ever do anything to hurt you ? kiki no —— not yet . jerry ( quite sincerely and with evident affection ) and I never will -- you know what 's between we -' we be a thing -- but this be serious -- big competition . kiki Clo-Clo ? jerry ( indicate leopard ) I think you might strut this kitten in right in the middle of she act . kiki grin . Jerry reach for kiki 's hand , and pass the end of the leash over she finger . jerry come down to earth '' and see what a picture you would make with this for a pet . keeping a wary eye on the leopard , kiki let Jerry help she down . she stand as far away from the beast as the leash will permit . eloise ( warily , from behind the chair ) and if you have get cold foot honey , Ill take over for you . that red dress of yours fit just perfect on I . kiki ( exasperate , turn to she ) I bet you try on my coffin some day -- I hope it " fit just perfect . " jerry ( hastily to kiki ) you look swell in that three—alarm number -- kiki the red dress ? ( think a moment ) no . my black one . then I will be just like he . dissolve to : int . patio EL pueblo cape - night cl0se shot - the fountain . the camera be focused on the extreme height of the jet of water . we watch the ball on top of this jet as it rise and fall for a few beat . over this shot we hear the music of a mexican orchestra . the camera move down and back to reveal the upper tier of the fountain with the water flow over its edge . the camera move back and we see the wide pool at the base of the fountain . in this pool we see clo - clo reflect , as she dance . the camera pan to take in the actual dancer and we see clo clo whirling and turn in a tight circle . she be illuminate by several baby spot conceal at the base of the fountain , and this light make a nimbus of light around she . it be a sort of superaura which wash out the background haze , leave the dancer clear - cut and sharp in the midst of this superaura . as clo - clo 's dance widen in movement , take she to the edge of the light nimbus , we can see she , the table and the patron of El pueblo . the El pueblo cafe be the smartest night club in this small New mexican resort town . the main dining room be in the patio . here be table mantle in snowy tablecloth , glitter candlelight and sparkling glassware . on the porch be a open space for the performer and the orchestra on one side on the other side be a bar . tonight , El pueblo be crowded . waiter , dress in rather formal costume with black trousers and short , white coat , scurry between the table . a good portion of - the patron be in evening clothes . clo—clo dance . the rhythmic rattle of she castanet beat out above the orchestra . clo - clo be New mexican . like the broncos of she native state , she be all fine , proud , pure Spanish blood . it have suffer a change in the high clear air of New Mexico . in she dance , too , we see the more primeval strain of the indian twisted among the finer thread of Spanish rhythm . she dance . in the pool we see the heavy flutter and turn of she skirt . her neck , she bosom , she arm , bend and sway and turn and pulse with the bloodbeat of the castanet . she be just enter a graceful turn of the dance , the castanet beginning a glissade , when suddenly she stop dead , the click of the castanet cut off abruptly . reverse shot - the doorway lead into the El pueblo . frame in this doorway be kiki , slim and tall in a black gown with black glove , and in she outstretch hand be a black leash which link she to the leopard . behind she the doorway be hot with light so that we see she dramatic outline , a silhouette against luminosity . mo . long shot - the cafe . a buzz of amazement sound from the crowd . there be a flutter of astonishment and timidity . closeup of clo—clo . mo . close shot of kiki . behind she in the doorway Jerry man 's face appear . it be obvious that kiki , despite she dramatic pose , be surreptitiously nervous . jerry ( sotto voce ) do not stand here , kiki . you be on stage . they be look at you . kiki move majestically forward . mo . long shot '' a table near the dance space . kiki , the leopard move before she , thread she way between two table , the patron draw away from she black escort as she pass . a waiter , carefully hold the chair between he and the leopard , make a place for she at a empty table . clo—clo , foot wide apart , arm and hand still half raise and hold the castanet , watch . the orchestra play feebly on . suddenly clo—clo smile . she lift she hand a little higher , take a step forward and let the castanet loose with a roll that sound like machine—gun fire . the leopard startle , : twist in a half turn of fright , strain suddenly at the leash and lunge forward . the leash pull out of kiki 's frighten hand . reflection shot in the pool . the still water reflect the quick bound and leap of the leopard in its panic flight for freedom . mo . close shot - kiki . she stand lean against the table , tremble in fright . behind she clo—clo can be see can be see on the platform , smile . Jerry come into the scene , put he arm about kiki 's waist . jerry be you all right ? kiki ( wildly , and in disgust ) now look what you have do . the familiar tone of anger reassure Jerry . jerry ( briefly ) you be all right . mo . shot - the leopard bound through the gate . mo . shot at the gate . a waiter with a napkin over he arm and a water carafe in he hand , stand aghast , press he back to the wall in fear . the water carafe fall with a crash . the waiter hold up he hand , daze . his hand be stream with blood . dissolve ext . pasaje do las sombras - night shot of four policeman , they back toward we , go through the alley of the shadows . two of they be beat on pot and pan to make a noise . two other be flash they flashlight from one side to the other . we truck with they down the alley . they bring we to the open end of the passage , athwart which a fire truck be park . near this fire truck stand the Chief of Police , robles , a dignify , welluspoken , mexican police officer , serious and conscientious , very much on duty at all time . one of the policemen no leopard , Chief -- no cat , no kitten , nothing . we be go to tackle the house robles nod . he make a gesture to one of the man on the fire truck and two long lance of light pierce the darkness of the alley . long shot - pasaje De Las sombras . the shaft of light from the searchlight cross and re-cross , move , as they explore the dark jag and corner of the alley . it be one of the oldest street in town , so narrow that even at noonday , the sun have difficulty lighten its dark shadow . the adobe house , stand wall to wall , be never build on any straight geometric line ; the street make a dog-leg , meander , as if loathe to reach its own blind end . mo . long shot '' the mouth of the alley at the other side of the fire truck . this be a-scene of curiosity and confusion . a police cordon have be erect , and several uniform mexican policeman be busy shooing away the spectator , foiling the attempt of small boy to get under the rope , and generally try to reduce chaos to a order hunt for the leopard . at the mouth of the alley , next to the fire truck be park a curious conveyance , a half - ton truck with a gaudy sign which read : charlie -how-come the leopard man stretch like a panther for muscle of steel lean against a fender of this vehicle be Jerry man , hot , dishevel and excited . he be talk with a short indian , Charlie how —come , dress in Levis , a velvet Zuni jacket , and with a batter feel hat on he coarse black hair . charlie how -come remember what you say : ten buck for the loan of my cat —-two hundred and twenty - five if anything happen to it . Jerry try to control he exasperation . jerry ( with strain patience ) but nothing have happen to it . it get into this alley , and there 's no way out of it . they will find it . charlie how -come you do not get the idea , mister . this cop bang that pan , flash that light -' they be go to scare that poor cat of mine , cat be funny . they do not want to hurt you -- but if you scare they -' they go crazy . this cop do not know what they be do . a little mexican boy who have see listen to the conversation between Jerry and Charlie , be suddenly attract by something off in the darkness . grinning , he turn on the hand flashlight he be hold and point it off into the darkness of the alley . mo . close shot - clo - clo 's leg . the flashlight pick up a pair of shapely leg and hold on they as they move forward , the leg stop they walk motion and suddenly begin to stamp with the heel tap that be part of she dance . the light snap off . mo . shot - Jerry and Charlie . clo—clo come in from the leave . she grin at the man . clo-clo ( to Jerry ) maybe , Mr. man would like to help I ? I do not need a leopard . I have talent . Jerry be furious and about to make some retort . clo—clo laugh and take she hand from she pocket . she be hold she castanet , and a ribald rattle drown anything Jerry might want to say . clo—clo ( move off ) goodnight , Mr. publicity man. Jerry glare after she . ext . flower shop - night this be a small flower shop . one or two vase hold wilted flower which have be leave in the display window . behind they be a mirror . in this mirror we can see the mouth of the alley and clo - clo as she walk away from the man and come toward the flower shop . ext . STREET - night clo—clo pass the flower shop and continue on . the camera truck with she . she pass several dark doorway and come abreast of a dimly light shop . behind the grimy window of this store be a large handuletter sign : genuine gypsy reading hand or card from the dark doorway of this store , a voice call out . maria' voice why be you hurry , clo -clo ? clo-clo ( with a derisive twitter of she castanet ) oh , it 's you . faker ! suddenly a white , thin hand and arm appear from the shadow of the doorway . the hand hold a deck of card , extend they toward clo - clo temptingly . maria' voice take a card , clo - clo . see what the night hold for you . clo - clo hesitates . look at the deck of card . clo-clo you card be a joke . I would not give you a centavo . she start to move away . maria' voice one card clo—clo -- for nothing . clo - clo stop . pretend indifference , she casually reach out and take a card . insert ace of spade in clo - clo 's hand . mo . close shot of clo—clo as she stare at the card . she laugh and flip the card back into the darkness of the doorway , let the castanet in she other hand speak of she disbelief . clo-clo faker ! she start off along the street . camera truck with she . she pass a open doorway . in the shadow lounge a tall thin man , he figure merge with the darkness . he be smoking . we can see the glow of he cigarette . clo—clo ( in pass ) hello , Shorty . the man disregard a verbal reply , but blow a smoke ring toward she . she poke ' she index finger through the ring playfully and go on . the camera move with she . in the area way of the next building be two lover , press close to each other and close to the wall .. clo-clo oo ! oo ! the girl ( protestingly ) Clo-Clo. clo - clo go on . from a window a young girl be peeping , look up and down the street with large frighten eye a. clo—clo ( smile ) hello , chiquita . teresa ( smile back , a little hesitantly ) hello , Clo-Clo . clo - clo go on , but we camera remains . this be Teresa delgado , a wisp of a young girl , whose childish , smooth face might go unnotice if it be not for she enormous and wistful dark eye . she have on a skimpy cotton dress draw in at the waist with a five - and - ten cent store belt . have look again up and down the street she pull down the sash and turn back into the room . int . delgado house - night the delgado house be typical of the poorer mexican home in New Mexico . this main room , which be small , serve as live room , bedroom and kitchen . a indian blanket cover the doorway into the only other room . the adobe wall be plaster with picture of religious subject . the wooden floor be bare . there be a charcoal - burn brasero in one corner . pot and pan on the hearth of the fireplace show that it be a supplementary stove , the rest of the furniture consist of a iron bedstead , a large and hideous oak table and a open-face china cabinet which contain the delgado treasure . pedro , Teresa 's nine - year- old brother be seat at the oak table , eat from a bowl of frijole . he be , and look like , a imp . Teresa be back away from she mother , who turn away from the window to face she angrily . teresa ( evidently resume a discussion ) but , mamacita -- why can not pedro go this time ? I be so tired ... pedro ( complacently ) I be too young . sra . delgado if you father come home and there be no tortilla , he will shout —— and tomorrow it will be all over town : the family of Juan delgado be too poor to buy corn meal ! do you wish we should be so disgrace ? Teresa shake she head , but make no move to go . exasperate , sra. delgado reach for the nearest weapon -- the broom . sra . delgado then go ! sra. delgado brandish the broom toward Teresa , who back up again . pedro I know what she 's afraid of ... pedro lift he hand . it cast a sharp shadow on the wall behind he . watch the shadow , he manipulate he finger so as to create the shadow of a leopard 's head in miniature . pedro ( cont 'd ) this ! sra . delgado and what , por todo los santos , be " this " ? Teresa brave the threaten broom and move a step toward she mother . teresa ( eager to be believe ) the leopard , mamacita . they say a lady at the El pueblo have it on a string and it run away . it have not be find yet ... sra . delgado a leopard ? pedro ( gleefully ) they be big -- and they jump on you ! pedro jump the shadow on the wall , to simulate the leap of a leopard . sra . delgado ( furiously ) do you ever meet one of that thing yet when you go to the store for I ? Teresa swallow , shake she head mutely . sra . delgado ( bellow ) then you will not meet one this time either ! now get out ! do as I tell you ! sra. delgado give the broom such a backward swing of final purpose that Teresa hurriedly open the door behind she and slink out backwards -- she big liquid dark eye , still futilely plead , the last to disappear . sra. delgado move after she , push the door close . she put the broom in the corner and go to where pedro be seat . here she stand a moment , fondly watch he as he masticate he bean . behind she the door stealthily open . Teresa try to sneak back into the room . mamacita see the movement and make a tempestuous rush toward she , but Teresa sidle out of the door before she can be catch . mamacita , mutter , slam the door shut and with difficulty push the heavy , rust - cover iron bolt into place . ext . doorway delgado house - night Teresa stand outside the door . we hear the heavy bolt inside drive home forcibly . sra . delgado' voice now —— you will not come in again , not until you bring the corn meal with you ! ext . STREET outside delgado house - night Teresa step down from the single doorstep outside she house . she cross she arm and pull she shoulder together in a gesture of fear . she look once , despairingly , at the close door behind she —— and then reluctantly step out into the dirt road and start walk . ext . calderon grocery - night only a large corner window , with the word . " provisione " print on it show that this ordinary house be a grocery store . in the moonlight , one can see a few box of grocery stack on shelf inside . Teresa come up to the window and peer in . she knock on the window . teresa senora calderon it be Teresa , senor . Teresa delgado . over Teresa 's shoulder , we see the interior of the little store light up dimly as a curtain be pull at the back of the room . Beyond the curtain be reveal another room , brightly light by a bare electric globe hang from the ceiling on a cord . under the light , a man sit at a table , heartily eat from a plate heape with food . the curtain have be pull back by senora calderon . we see she only in silhouette and the detail of she face and figure be indistinguishable . we do see , however , that she long black hair be down she back and she be braid it . she walk a little way into the darken store . sra . calderon ( speak loudly to be hear through the window ) the store be close . teresa I just want a sack of corn meal for my father 's supper ! sra . calderon tomorrow . teresa ( imploringly ) it will just take a second . .. please ——or I must go clear across the arroyo to the big grocery -- Teresa tap against the window hopefully . but sra. calderon turn back toward the doorway into the inner room , where the solitary feaster have not even bother to look up during this exchange . sra . calderon ( as she go ) it mean take off the lock again , put on the light , measure the meal . it 's too much trouble . once I close , I close ! sm. calderon step into the inner room and draw the curtain close behind she , as she speak the last word . again the store be in darkness -- only a rim of light show around the edge of the curtain doorway . teresa ( quietly '' hopelessly ) senora ... there be no reply . Teresa turn away . dissolve to : ext . edge of arroyo - night the arroyo be a deep narrow cut in the mesa , bone—dry in this season . its floor of bleach sand and weed stretch desolately wider a vast moonlit sky . here and there , child 's foot have scuff steep little trail down the bank . Teresa appear at the top of one of this trail . she look down into the arroyo -- and then off to the right . a distance down the arroyo be a bridge which carry a train track across the dry river bed . to divert the rush of rain water in winter and spring , the bridge be underpropped by two slant stone pier . they stand out like rib against the blackness of the underpass , which they divide into three tunnel . Teresa 's face show she dread of the arroyo . she turn back the way she come , take a step away , hesitates and then return to the edge of the bank . she start down the little trail , she foot slide in the loose sand and a shower of pebble bounce down ahead of she . ext . arroyo floor '' night Teresa stand at the bottom of the bank . she look off to the bridge again . then she start walk forward slowly , a very little figure in the large loneliness of the night . ext . east side of bridge - night Teresa come up to the face of the underpass with its three opening . she stare from one black tunnel mouth to another . she glance behind she , then look at the underpass again . Teresa go forward again , toward the middle tunnel . ext . east entrance of middle tunnel - night the roof of the underpass be only a little higher than Teresa 's head and the passage be not more than ten foot wide . the open be dimly light by the moonlight , but beyond it be dense blackness . Teresa enter slowly . she take a few step toward the blackness —- and stop . she listen . Teresa move forward again , walk as lightly as possible . the light dim rapidly , so that after Teresa have take a half dozen step , she be swallow up in complete blackness . the camera hold for a moment on the dark underpass before Teresa emerge from the blackness on the West side . a light scratch sound be hear . Teresa 's eye widen in panic as she hear it and she hurry out of the tunnel , watch fearfully ever she leave shoulder . she must cut across in front of this other tunnel in order to get to the south bank . she start across , never take she eye off the black tunnel mouth . suddenly she give a convulsive start and a little cry escape before she can control it . a shadowy shape , low to the ground , detach itself from the dimness of the tunnel open and move toward she . almost at once , we see that it be a large tumbleweed , blow clown the arroyo in the wind . Teresa sigh soundlessly and go on to the foot of the bank . she start scramble up another steep little path . dissolve int . big grocery stope - night this be a fairly goodusize room , line with shelf and counter . a tall , indian - type mexican with iron-grey hair put a paper sack of cornmeal on the counter in front of Teresa . she start toward the door , but notice a bronze cage with two toy bird in it , a mechanical device which have stand there for year , she go toward it , put down she sack of corn meal and go up close . teresa oh , the toy bird ! manuel you have see they before . I could not chase you away from the counter when you be a little girl . she wind up the bird cage . teresa I would forget they . manuel ( smile , goodhumoredly , skeptical ) every day you see they -- and you have forget they ? oh , I remember my little teresita -- I remember the little girl who be afraid of the dark . they should not send you . the bird have begin to sing , a highly mechanical rendering of a bird song . teresa I be not afraid . what could happen to I ? the bird sing and she pretend to listen . manuel lean against the inner door of the grocery watch she , smile and amused . finally he smile irk she into action . she pick up she sack of corn meal . teresa ( cont 'd ) ( as she start off ) I will pay you tomorrow . manuel never fear - - next time you come . the poor do not cheat one another . we be all poor together . in the bronze cage the two bird continue to sing they mechanical song . they head turn from side to side . we hear the door close behind Teresa . the bird be still sing as we dissolve ext . corner west side of bridge - night there be a sound of slow , measure drip . it come from water seeping out between two rock and drop onto another rock below . this rock be pile up at the juncture of the bridge and the leave bank and the water be evidently leak from some water main or sew go pipe run under the highway overhead . ext . west side of bridge - night Teresa be approach the entrance of the middle tunnel , she be evidently scared —- she footstep be lag and she hold the sack of corn meal in both hand , as if feel its weight . she look fearfully at the black tunnel before she and come to a standstill , try to peer into the blackness . in the silence , the drip of the water can be hear . Teresa look up and to the leave to locate the sound . she see the shine dampness on the rock . she turn back to the middle tunnel before she -- and , draw a deep breath of resolution , start to enter it . but she hesitates and then , suddenly , veer over to the leave . she peer into the open of that tunnel . int . open of NORTH tunnel - night the wall of the tunnel be also damp with the seepage from above . it reflect the outer moonlight in glisten streak , so that the blackness here be not so complete as in the other tunnel .. ext . west side of bridge - night Teresa get a fresh grip on the bag of corn meal by shifting she hand under it -- and walk into the entrance of the north tunnel . int . NORTH tunnel - night again , the crunching sound of Teresa 's footstep be magnify in the enclosure of the tunnel wall . it be very dim , but the luminosity of the damp wall cast a faint light on Teresa , reflect in she wide , frighten eye . she walk slowly and lightly , she eye go from side to side in the darkness , she neck and head hold rigidly . suddenly she stop with a sharp intake of breath , ahead of she and to she leave be two tiny gleam of light . Teresa back away from they . as she do so , they seem to fall and vanish . slowly Teresa move forward again , stare at the place where the light have be . as she move parallel to the spot , they appear again . a half - cry die away in she throat -- she see that the gleam be two drop of seepage , trickle down the side of the tunnel wall . Teresa half close she eye and sway a little , faint with fear . then she force herself to move forward again . she take one -- two fearful step -- and then the underpass reverberate with a sudden tremendous shock of sound -' more a giant vibration than actual noise . it be a train pass overhead . int . NORTH tunnel - night as Teresa stand transfix , the terrific roar continue . second after second , flash of light as brilliant as lightning illuminate the interior of the tunnel '' the reflection throw into the arroyo by the train window . and then , as abruptly as it begin , the noise cease . it be cavernously dark in the tunnel again . in this thick stillness , Teresa walk forward once more . ext . east side of bridge - night in the frame of the tunnel open , Teresa stand for a moment . behind she , there be a new sound -- a mere whisper of sound carry forward on the light wind . a little shower of rubble fall from the top of the concrete pier . Teresa turn to look behind she . crouched on one of the pier of the trestle -' and see only very dimly in the darkness -- be the leopard , look down into the arroyo . a enormous big head closeup of Teresa . a enormous big head closeup of the leopard , its clear golden eye fix and stare . ext . arroyo floor - night Teresa 's nail dig into the paper sack of corn meal and little trickle of the meal start spilling from the slit . her eye widen and she face fall slack from the horrible shock of what she see . she turn and run . ext edge of arroyo - night Teresa scramble frantically up over the edge of the bank . she stumble ana fall and the sack of corn meal drop from she hand and spill onto the ground . in a single move , Teresa be on she foot and run again . a shadow flash over the spill meal and we hear a heavy , rip snarl . int . delgado house - night it be quiet and peaceful in the delgado home . senora delgado be putter about the brasero . pedro , on all four , be read a comic book , he rump high in the air , he chin two inch from the book . suddenly , a wild rain of knock on the door fill the little room . sonora delgado , at the brasero , drop a spoon with a clatter and pedro spring up . teresa's voice ( scream ) mamacita , let I in ! let I in , let I in ! senora delgado hah ! sonora delgado smirk knowingly and put she hand on she hip . teresa's voice if you love I , let I in -- ! senora delgado ( mimick Teresa ) mamacita -- let I in . let I in , now that I have spend half the night get the corn meal ! teresa's voice it 's come -' it 's come closer . I can see it ... pedro she be afraid of the leopard . senora delgado just what she need -- something to nip at she heel and hurry she up - she be interrupt by a scream so high , of such agonize finality , that it make the other before it seem like nothing at all . mingle with the scream and blur the end of it come a impact of such violence that the whole door structure shake with it from top to bottom . a puff of dust well up around the door from the impact of the blow . repro ( he voice high with fear ) madre do dolore , she be not fool ! pedro jump to he foot . a instant change have come over the face of senora delgado . she hurl herself forward . senora delgado ( beseechingly ) wait , Teresa ! I come ! I will let you in ... senora delgado tug at the rusty bolt . sen0ra delgado only a moment , querida , hija do mis alma -- you mother be here -- as senora delgado tug vainly at the bolt , pedro dart over to the fireplace and grab up a stone from the hearth . senora delgado you mother will let you in - - pedro rush to the door and push he mother 's hand aside . he hammer the unruly bar back with the stone . then , he draw back and look down at he foot . senora delgado 's horrify eye follow he glance . under the crack of the door seep a dark tongue of blood , widen and lengthen on the rough wooden floor . dissolve close shot of display window . the flow blood dissolves into a film of water flow across the window . the camera pull back and we see a long handle squeegee come down the leave hand side of the window , clear a strip of clear glass . through this clear glass we look into c. T. Johnson 's undertake parlor . int . undertaking parlor - day ( as see through the window ) this shop occupy a ordinary store building . the display window contain a solitary wreath of gild leave . behind this wreath be a green baize curtain . the shop itself have a sad air of unctuous gentility . on the leave side of the room be coffin on polished brass tressel . this coffin be half open to reveal the luxurious satin lining . in the back be a roll - top desk and swivel chair . in the rear of the shop be a door lead to the embalm room . this be curtain with the sane green baize . over this whole interior be the eerie moire light that come through the water - flow window . uncomfortable and stiff in they grief , we see the delgados . the fat senora , the little boy and the father in he stiff blue serge Sunday suit , stand near the wall . with they be a nun in the sweet , sad costume of the carmelite order . at the other side of the room stand kiki , somewhat abase , and very ill at ease in the presence of the delgados ' grief . the window cleaner step closer to the glass , lift up he long handle squeegee and open up another strip beside the first . int . undertaking parlor - day mo . close shot of the doorway take in the delgado family . senora delgado be weep , with tear run uncheck down she big flat cheek . her husband , unable to express he grief , stand twist a cheap velour hat in work - gnarled hand . the little delgado boy , unable to comprehend the finality of death be interested and quick -ey , let he glance rove from one object of interest to another , then suddenly bored , as be the manner of child , distract himself by make the leopard shadow on the wall . from the other room we can hear , the sound of man 's voice , not clearly distinguishable , but grow in clarity . kiki open she purse , fumble out a little soile sheaf of bill and cross the room . she hand the money to the nun . kiki ( in a half whisper ) sister , I would like the family to have this -- might help with the funeral expense . the nun smile , nod she head and tuck the money up under she sleeve . kiki cross back to the other side of the room . midway through this action , the voice in the other room have rise in volume and clarity so that we hear the coroner speak . from behind the green baize curtain the word come in that solemn , yet routine fashion , which be the specialty of county clerk and other minion of the law . coroner' voice ... this evidence have be present before I on this , the tenth day of April , I hereby declare that Teresa guadalupe Maria delgado be bring to she death by violence , result from the release of a wild animal , a leopard , purportedly on theatrical exhibition in this city -- death by accident . as the last word be speak , Jerry make he appearance through the doorway . his face be draw and earnest , reflect the ordeal of look at the mutilate remain of the young girl . he cross the room toward kiki . mo . shot of Jerry as he take he place beside kiki . he look at she as if seek some comforting sign of friendliness . she keep she eye purposely avert from he . mo . shot . through the curtain doorway come the coroner and robles . the coroner carry a sheaf of papers in he hand . come through the doorway quickly , he turn and seat himself at the desk in order to sign and seal this document . Chief robles , with he uniform cap in he hand , go over to the delgado family . in he face we can see the sympathy and feel he have for he fellow townsman . Fe put he arm about delgado 's shoulder and embrace he with that peculiar mexican embrace in which the hand and arm thump the embrace 's shoulder . robles it 's all right , my friend . it be the will of God . the genuineness of he sympathy and the sincerity of he voice take the banal touch from this simple word . Jerry look on with interest . he turn to kiki . jerry ( sotto voce ) suppose I slip they a few buck '' for the funeral expense . kiki do not be soft . she pull sharply at he arm to emphasize the point . he shrug , abash . from the inner room a fourth man come out , a medium size gentleman in a light gray business suit with a feel hat in he hand . his face seem stiff and he walk a little bit unsteadily . pass Jerry , he extend he hand and pat Jerry 's arm . galbraith a unfortunate accident . nobody blame you , Mr. man . you must not feel badly . Jerry nod ; not at all anxious for further condolence . galbraith go on to stand in the doorway . robles leave the delgado family and come over to where Jerry and kiki be stand . robles you can go now , man . there be no way we can hold you legally responsible . jerry thanks , sheriff . robles pass on a step or two , and then with a glance at Jerry . robles that leopard 's get to be find . I be form a posse . I can use help . - from the doorway , galbraith answer quickly . galbraith Count I in . Jerry make a impulsive move forward -- then stop himself . jerry ( shaking he head ) I have not do any posse work since last time I ride with Toni mix at the old bijou theatre -- age six , if you be interested , robles go on foot . jerry it 's not for I . ( grin ) I be literally and figuratively a tenderfoot . he lift one foot and pat the ankle to illustrate he point . robles pass on and out of the doorway , galbraith join he . with a backward look at the delgado family , and a little hesitantly and slowly , Jerry and kiki also leave the funeral parlor . ext . undertaker's parlor - day mo . close shot - Jerry and kiki as they stand in the center of the sidewalk . jerry I suppose he be try to make I feel bad . kiki and I suppose you do not feel bad ! before Jerry can protest . kiki who be the other man ? jerry I do not know —— a witness . he seem to know something about animal -- you know -- expert testimony . kiki what do he have to do -' look at the body ? jerry we all , have to look at the body . it be awful , kiki -- awful ! kiki make a movement as if to put she hand comfortingly on he sleeve , then change she mind , drop she hand . mo . shot - undertake parlor - as the delgado family emerge and start down the street . the mother and father walk ahead , the father 's arm about the mother 's shoulder . they be follow by pedro , he hand in the nun 's hand as they walk together . kiki and Jerry fail to see they , and it be necessary for senor delgado to ask for room . senor delgado Excuse , please . Jerry and kiki move hurriedly out of the way to let the little group of mourner go past . Jerry and kiki stand watch they for a moment . closeup of Jerry , he expression betray anxiety and indecision . dissolve int clo - clo' dressing room - late afternoon large head closeup of Maria . the beautiful face of the fortune teller , coif and frame in the fold of a shawl , look pure and madonna—like . her downcast eye add to the holy feel . then , suddenly , she hand come up and put a light cigarette droopingly between she lip . the madonna pose be shattered as though a stone have be throw into still water . the camera move back to show Maria seat at clo - clo 's dress table , deal out the card . the last card to leave she hand be the Ace of spade . she gaze at it for a moment , then hastily rake up the deck and shuffles the card . behind she during this entire scene we have hear the tinkle of moorish finger cymbal in metronome - like rhythm , the sound space far apart . clo -clo' voice that card again ? mo . shot - clo - clo and Maria . clo - clo be behind Maria . she have on a practice suit ; black jersey leotard to the waist and a black silk bandeau about she breast . she be use the chair rail of the dress room as a bar to practice a ballet step while she beat out the slow rhythm of she exercise with the moorish finger cymbal . Maria again deal the card and clo - clo continue to play and practice . there be a contrapuntal rhythm between the deal of Maria 's card and the slow tinkle of the cymbal . maria I make a mistake . it be a misdeal . I will try once more . the card " slap—slap ' as she deal . as they fall , Maria speak . maria ( cont 'd ) it 's a blackcard and bad card , but not the card of the cat -' not the card of four—footed thing . clo-clo I see Teresa . maybe I be the last to see she except perhaps she mamacita and she little brother . I be go past -- maria ( still deal ) ) they bury Teresa today and they be hunt the leopard again -- out in the country this time . but they do not get he . clo-clo they be fool . why do not they let Charlie how - come hunt it alone . he 's a indian . maria all man be fool . they like to make a big show -' shout and hunt -- she be about to deal the last card , when she stop and look at it , then sweep up the deck without deal the remain card . clo-clo the bad card again ? Maria nod . clo-clo what do they say before the bad card come up ? maria you will meet a rich man and he will give , you money . clo-clo ( disdainfully ) you and you card . meet a rich man ! I look for they with money . what rich man have not money . and for what be I bear if it be not for money ? you be not tell I anything . maria ( with a shrug ) watch and see , a day or a week - but certainly this month -- you will have money from a man and then - clo—clo ( sharply ) and then what ? maria I will have to read the card again . there be a mistake . clo-clo ( shooing she out ) you and you mistake . get out ! I have get to dress for the supper , show and I do not want you to put the evil eye on I . vamoose ! Maria unhurriedly snuff out she cigarette , pocket she card and start for the door . as she open the door , we see Jerry man go past , dress in slack and sport shirt , carry he coat over he arm . he be dusty and tired . clo clo look after he with a malicious grin . int . dressing room door - night shot of Jerry as he knock at kiki 's door . jerry be you decent ? from inside we hear kiki 's voice . kiki be voice yes . come in . he open the door . we can see she be seat in the armchair and have a magazine in she hand which she have be read . she be dress in street clothes . kiki well , do everybody love we now ? you have be go long enough to soft—soap twenty editor ! jerry ( without particular conviction ) yeah . kiki ( drawl ) and do you find the leopard ? Jerry realize that kiki be onto he . he give she a look as if to say , " so you know . " he bend down and start brush at he trousers . kiki it must be the altitude —— you , buck around the countryside with a lot of boot—and—saddle boy -- jerry ( try to explain ) the whole town 's in a state , kiki qudoor lock , people huddle together like scared sheep ——nobody on the street at night —— kiki ( bitterly ) we first real break -- and we throw wild animal at the audience jerry forget it . I be buy a drink for a fellow who be on the posse with I , a nice guy . come along he will get a great kick out of meeting you . kiki pick up she hat from the dress table and go toward the door slowly . Jerry finish brush he clothes . kiki who be he ? jerry you remember the fellow this morning -- galbraith . you have get time before the supper show . kiki join he in the doorway and they start down the corridor . int . EL pueblo cafe - night mo . close shot of eloise come toward camera . she be in professional costume , and pass slowly along the front of the bar . she be smile and open a package of cigarettes . jerry's voice ( evidently at end of long recital ) .. and it be sand , sand every foot of the way -- eloise turn and the camera turn with she . she stop at a small table where Jerry , kiki and galbraith be seat . she hand the package of cigarettes to Jerry . ( note : kiki be wear she hat in this scene ) jerry ( finish and pay for cigarettes ) —— as long as my foot hold out . kiki and not a sign of the leopard ? galbraith shake he head , Jerry smile he thanks to eloise . she go on out of scene . kiki Jerry tell I you be a expert with animal , Mr. galbraith . could not you tell where it go ? galbraith to know where that leopard go - '' I be afraid you would have to be a leopard and think like a leopard . I be a naturalist . that hardly qualify I as a expert in hunt down lose leopard . I use to teach zoology in a little fresh—water college back East . I give that up . kiki be just normally curious , not conscious that she be pry . kiki what do you do now ? galbraith there 's a little museum here in town . they have hire I to run it , we have some interesting exhibit of indian art and craft . it 's fun -- and I like live here in New Mexico . kiki why do you give up teach ? galbraith ( after a little pause ) various reason . ( switch the conversation ) but I can not see why you would be interested in the rather dusty career of William galbraith '' teacher , naturalist , curator -- when you lead such a gay and exciting life yourself . jerry ( wryly ) show business ? galbraith yes . it 's always fascinate I . ( confidentially ) you know , once , when I be a youngster , I go to see Mrs. Leslie Carter in " Zaza . " after the play I stand in the alley just to watch she come out . both the young people laugh at he unabash simplicity . galbraith ( to kiki ) so you see meeting you be a real thrill for I . kiki well , I be hardly Mrs. Leslie Carter —whoever she be . in fact , I be not even much of a success around here particularly after the backfire on Jerry 's little publicity stunt with the leopard . galbraith that be unfortunate . kiki ( with a hard look at Jerry ) that be a calamity ! she nod she head toward the main door . kiki look ! mo . long shot include the table and the door beyond . through this doorway clo - clo emerge in she costume . she enter with the proud step of a reign favorite . there be a light spatter of applause from the bar and the table on the porch . clo—clo , take the castanet from she bosom , begin walk toward the dance space . pass the table where kiki , Jerry and galbraith sit , she grin broadly end maliciously . lean slightly toward they she make a derisive sound on she castanet , then stalk on . they follow she with they eye as she start down the step . from the audience in the main portion of El pueblo cafe come the sound of brisk applause and clo—clo 's answer hail on the castanet . her dance music begin . kiki start get up . the two man rise with she . kiki ( she rise ) well , I be next . you will not hear anything like that , Mr. galbraith . ( gesture toward applause ) I be not a popular favorite since I let the leopard loose . galbraith ( with heavy gallantry ) I be sure if you be as talented as you be charming , miss Walker , you have nothing to worry about . kiki ( move off ) thanks . galbraith start to knock out he pipe on the heel of he hand . galbraith well , I would best be off . jerry ( put a restrain hand on he forearm ) I want to ask you something . galbraith look at he questioningly . jerry it 's about the leopard . galbraith you be worry about its kill someone else ? jerry yes . I want to go out and patrol the town - be everywhere at once - be sure nothing happen to anybody . galbraith of course . it 's the way any decent man would feel in you position . jerry you know about animal -- they habit -- will it come back ? galbraith no. I be quite sure . Jerry give a little sigh of relief . galbraith there be no danger at all . it 's a wild animal . do you think a wild animal prefer wall , street and people when it can get into open country ? jerry ( terribly anxious to be convinced ) that 's right , of course . galbraith ( start toward the step ) do not feel so concerned , Jerry . as they descend the stop together , the camera having panned left to stay with they , now dolly before they as they go down the path , toward the fountain . they come abreast of the fountain and galbraith pause a moment . galbraith I have see a bit of life , and I have learn one thing . we be like that ball dance on the fountain . we know as little about the force that move we and move the world around we as that empty ball , which life only because the water push it into the air , let it fall and catch it again . you should not feel too badly about Teresa delgado . close shot - the fountain . we see the ball rise and fall '' oscillate in its movement . clo - clo be dance , and although we can not see she , we can hear the click of she castanet , the quick , hard tread of she foot . we catch a occasional glimpse of she shadow , as she pass in dance on the other side of the fountain . dissolve int EL pueblo cafe - early morning close shot of the fountain . the jet of water have be turn off and the ball float quietly on the surface of the innermost basin . mo . long shot of clo - clo , as she make she way to the gate . she be dress in street clothes . Bus boy be busy pile chair onto the table while two young maid be hose down the tile . cigarette butt , bit of paper and ether odd and end of the night 's trade litter the cafe and go swish ahead of the stream of water . clo - clo smile to one of the young maid as she pass . clo-clo a long night , chiquita . maid ( straighten up and shutting down the hose with she thumb ) how long can a night be , clo - clo , when you spend it dance ? clo-clo ( pass by ) twice as long as a day with you mop and pail . the girl laugh and let the water of the hose spray out again . clo - clo go on , out of the gate . dissolve ext . the STREET - early morning trucking shot of clo - clo as she walk wearily down the desert street . she be smoking a cigarette . swing from one hand be the little ornament chamois bag in which she keep she castanet . she come to the flower store , see that it be open and , throw she cigarette away , start in . int flower store - early morning mo . shot - rosita , senora contreras ' may , have select a bouquet of long stem rose from a large tin bucket . as she hold they aloft the flower vender , a chubby good - nature little mexican in he late fifty , gently wrap a piece of newspaper around the wet stem . flower vendor ( indicate the stem ) rose be like child -' some have short leg and some long . the flower vendor laugh loudly , he body vibrate . rosita see no humor in this remark and take a coin from she pocket , hand it to he . still chuckle , the vendor move to he cash drawer , to make change . in the b.g. , clo - clo can be see enter the store . she tiptoe forward directly behind the flower vendor and ignore rosita completely , snatch a wilted gardenia from a tin . the flower vendor have catch this action in the mirror and whirling , pull the gardenia out of she hand , and at the same time turn back to the cash drawer . clo—clo be not at all abash by the vendor 's action . clo-clo you can not sell it - it 's a day old . vendor but my stomach be not a day old . if I do not sell flower -- I do not eat -' and I love to eat . clo - clo try a new approach . coyly she wink at he . clo-clo I will tell everybody you give it to I , -- that will be good for you business . vendor yes , -- but bad for my wife . the vendor drop the change into rosita 's hand , then turn on clo - clo , shoe she off with a motion . another angle '' take in rosita at edge of stall . she look off at clo - clo and with a grand gesture , pull a long stem rise from the bouquet . rosita my mistress , consuelo contreras , do not have to beg for flower . she will not miss one . rosita fling a rise to clo - clo . clo - clo catch it . with a snap she break the stem and thrust the rise into she hair . clo-clo ( impudently ) thank the senorita for I . ext STREET - early morning mo . long shot . the camera pan with rosita as she hurriedly cross the street and mount the opposite sidewalk , enter the contreras ' home . int . entrance hall contreras ' home - early morning it be a cool , shadowy square room . at the back be a stairway . the floor be tile . through a arched grill doorway , we can see the live room beyond . the front door open and rosita step in hurriedly , she heel click on the tile floor . Three people be stand wait . they be senora contreras , cousin felipe and marta , a old servant who be more companion than may in the household by this time . marta be dress all in black -' dress , shoe and apron . her grey hair be drag back to a knot . she wear tiny gold loop in she pierce ear and a gold cross at the fasten of she high collar . senora contreras , a dignify , impose woman with the remnant of great beauty still apparent in she expressive eye and lovely hair , be dress in a flow lacy negligee . in she arm she carry a little Chihuahua dog . cousin felipe be a dapper little cat of a man , meticulously dress in the proper apparel of thirty year ago . the senora and cousin felipe be wait on the stair . marta be in the hail . marta ( crossly ) shhh ! senora contreras ( soften the rebuke , whisper ) it will spoil the birthday song , rosita , if we wake she too soon . rosita nod contritely . walk with exaggerated care , she join they and they all start up the stair . the camera follows they as they go upstairs . int . upper hallway - early morning shot of senora contreras , marta and rosita as they come up to the landing and start on tiptoe toward a door . the senora contreras put she hand on the knob softly . cousin felipe pull a single rise from rosita 's armful . marta see he - she glare but say nothing . int . consuelo' bedroom - early morning although the curtain of the room be draw , the softly filter daylight show this to be a room of delicacy and lightness . the simplicity of the white wall , the sheer curtain hang across the bar , embrasure window , the lovely lace coverlet and the pretty young - girl trinket on the dress table give the room a air of lightness . as the door swing inward , the sunlight fill the room . then we see , lie in the bed , serenely asleep , consuelo contreras . this be she eighteenth birthday . senora contreras walk to the foot of the bed and stand look down at she daughter . she smile sadly . in still , untrouble sleep , the full vulnerability of consuelo 's youth be touchingly apparent . marta stand to one side , a little behind senora contreras . cousin felipe remain in the background , near the open door . rosita tiptoe cautiously to the head of the bed and carefully put down the rose , so that the blossom lie in the curve of consuelo 's outflung arm . she have to drop on one knee to do this and she stay in this position , slowly draw she hand away from the flower . they start sing " Las mananitas " the traditional birthday song of Mexico -- sing very softly at first . consuelo stir slightly and then open she eye . lying as she do , the first thing she see be the rose , lie beside she . she lift she eye from the rose to see rosita 's eager smile face , almost on a level with she own . rosita 's smile broaden but she go on sing dutifully . still bemuse , but beginning to smile faintly herself , consuelo look beyond rosita and see cousin felipe stand back by the door . very much the gallant , he touch he steal rise to he lip and toss it to consuelo . consuelo continue she survey of the room and turn she eye to the foot of the bed . consuelo ( happily and lovingly ) madrecita ! senora contreras nod slowly , but continue to sing with the other as they go into the chorus . consuelo start to sit up , pull the rose to she . rosita get up , too , and prop the pillow behind she young mistress . senora contreras come around the bed and sit on the edge of it as the song finish . rosita good morning on you birthday , senorita consuelo -- marta go to one of the window and motion rosita to the other . marta it be a good morning , nina -- see how the sun be shine for you - - marta draw back the curtain and the room , already light , seem to grow even lighter . senora contreras lean forward and kiss consuelo 's forehead . consuelo what a lovely way to wake up ! she look from the bouquet of rose to the single rise that cousin felipe throw onto the bed . she pick it up and hold it to she face . consuelo it be so beautiful , cousin felipe . thank you for buy it ! at consuelo 's first word , cousin felipe begin to beam . but he glance across the room and encounter mart 's grin , sardonic glance just as consuelo say " how carefully you must have pick it out ! " abashed , he murmur something unintelligible and quietly slip out of the room . at the window , rosita have be stand with she back to marta , stare fixedly at consuelo to attract she attention . she make a little notion with she hand now and consuelo glance at she . smiling secretively , rosita draw a white envelope part way out of she apron pocket , just enough to let consuelo see what it be . then she hastily put it out of sight again . there be a sudden light in consuelo 's eye . she be transfigure with a really exultant happiness . senora contreras ( amused ) have you forget that it be you birthday ? I believe you have -- consuelo give a helpless little laugh of delight , throw she arm around she mother end put she head down against she mother 's shoulder . consuelo I be so happy -- so happy ! senora contreras pat the girl 's head fondly . marta , leave the room , smile at mother and daughter . marta ( turn at the door ) rosita ! rosita slowly walk away from the window and toward the door , but as soon as marta have go out of the door , she stop at the dress table on the pretext of dusting the bottle with she apron . senora contreras rise , with difficulty , and also go to the door . senora contreras hurry now , my sweet , or we will be late for mass . as senora contreras leave the room , rosita whirl around from the dress table . consuelo ( excitedly ) Quick ! give it to I ! rosita hand consuelo the letter , consuelo tear it open and read the few line . from she expression , one see that even the handwrite of she beloved fill she with happiness . consuelo he will be wait ... rosita ( eager to help ) you must say that you go to take some of the rose to you father 's grave ... consuelo ( read the note again ) at four . he will be there at four . she go to the window and look out . close shot of consuelo at window . Beyond she we see the sun dial on the wall . it be seven o'clock and the shadow lie thick and heavy in the morning quadrant . consuelo the time will never pass . dissolve int . live room - day at a french window in the live room downstairs , consuelo be pull aside the heavy lace curtain and look out . Beyond she we see the big sun dial and the shadow lie heavy in the afternoon quadrant . it be nearly 5:00 . she drop the curtain and turn back into the room . mo . long shot - live room . senora contreras be half recline in a chaise lounge . consuelo be sit on a petit point footstool beside the chaise lounge . both of they have embroidery frame in they hand . they be work on very fine , sheer pillow case , consuelo ( nervously ) it seem to be get darker in here . senora contreras glance over at the bright sunlight in the window . consuelo be not you afraid you will have a headache from work so long , mama ? senora contreras if we do not work on this a little each day , they will never be do - and you will be a poor bride . consuelo look at she mother curiously and a little apprehensively . senora contreras smile but do not reply . a clock on the mantel strike five in tiny bell tone . consuelo look at the clock desperately . senora contreras put down she embroidery frame . senora contreras it be late , be not it ? too late , I be afraid , for you to go to the cemetery now . consuelo jump to she foot . consuelo but I must go to the cemetery , mama ! it 's my birthday -- I must ! senora contreras study the girl 's troubled face . she reach out she hand , take consuelo 's hand and pull the girl to she . senora contreras I do not come into this world a middleuage widow , mis hijita ... consuelo shake she head in agreement -- but look puzzle . senora contreras anything you think -- anything you do - - I think and do before you . and my mother before I ... consuelo nod dutifully . senora contreras you be so young . I do not want you to look back on anything lack in dignity , a few year from now . consuelo ( murmure ) no , mama -- senora contreras naturally , young man will become interested in you . they should come here , to we house . they should be introduce to you by they parent or you cousin felipe or some other older relative -' consuelo nod again . she glance uneasily at she mother and then she eye go frantically to the clock . senora contreras let go consuelo 's hand and lean back against the chaise lounge . she give a little sigh of defeat . senora contreras very well -- get rosita and go . consuelo thank you , mama -- I will hurry - I will be right back ! consuelo lean over , kiss she mother hastily and then rush out of the room . senora contreras look at the doorway through which consuelo have pass . she smile . dissolve to : ext . cemetery wall - dusk trucking shot - consuelo and she may be walk along the wall , quickly . rosita be carry the rose in she arm . rosita ( importantly ) pedro be wait for I , too . consuelo ( shyly ) rosita —— I have wonder -' rosita what , senorita ? consuelo when you be go to see pedro , do you heart beat until you tremble ? rosita shrug . consuelo lift one of the rose to she face . consuelo once raoul take my hand and press it to he cheek —- so gently , so longingly . suddenly I be afraid for he -- afraid of everything in the world that might hurt or sad he . he see the tear in my eye -- consuelo be silent , she face ecstatic , remember . rosita ( almost sullenly ) Love be different for different people . consuelo ( slowly '' thoughtfully ) I suppose so . I suppose it will be different for we , too —— when everyone know . then we will be just like other people . ( smile ) but this last week will always be we secret —— a lovely secret to remember all we life . ext . gate of all saint cemetery - twilight the light be already dimming when consuelo and rosita come up to the gate . in front of the ponderous wooden gate , fold back like great dark wing , stand the gatekeeper of the cemetery . Fe be a very tall , incredibly thin , old man , dress in a tight black alpaca suit . he have build a little fire in the gutter and stand warming himself by it . in he hand be a unfinish wooden necklace which he be carve . rosita ( hurriedly ) I will see you back at the house , senorita ... consuelo nod and rosita hurry away down the street . the gatekeeper look up . gatekeeper you be late today , senorita . consuelo I have bring my birthday flower for my father 's grave -- it will only take a moment - - gatekeeper time be strange . a moment can be as short as a breath -- or as long as eternity -- do not linger - - consuelo start through the gate , not pay any attention to the old man 's word . gatekeeper ( call after consuelo ) the gate be lock at six -- there be no reply . the old man shrug he shoulder and hunch over he little lire again . ext . cemetery - c0 ntreras family plot - evening the headstone of Don rafael contreras ' grave , white stone , with a bronze wreath , be shadow by the fail light of sunset . the headstone read : insert rafael contreras y garcia pray for he soul back to scene . consuelo 's flower lie across the grave . consuelo be half kneel , half sit beside the grave . consuelo ( low , but speak perfectly naturally and conversationally ) and so you must forgive I , father , for deceive mother . she will meet raoul soon -- and everything will be as you would wish . I promise . consuelo rise and cross to a near - by path . she look into the grow shadow of the cemetery -- then up into the tree . only the top of they be light by the last ray of the sunset . ext path leading to belvedere in cemetery - dusk consuelo hurry along a path , with tree and grave on either side . ext belvedere in cemetery - dusk just off the path be a little belvedere , a circular hedge space at interval by grecian column . Inside , a marble bench curve half - way around the hedge . consuelo approach it . see the belvedere empty , she look puzzle . she step into the belvedere and then turn back and look into the lowering gloom of the cemetery . consuelo ( uncertainly ) raoul ? ... raoul ... consuelo wait , her face be fill with disappointment and the first faint uneasiness of apprehension as the silence continue . she turn back into the belvedere . int belvedere - night on the ground a number of partly smoke cigarettes have be stamp out -' and another lie on the marble bench . consuelo pick it up and look at it . dissolve ext . entrance of cemetery - night from the inside of the cemetery , we see one of the wooden gate swinging close , ext gate of cemetery the gatekeeper be laboriously pull the other gate close . suddenly , he stop . he push the gate back open a little way and , stand in the open , take a whistle from he pocket and put it to he lip . it have a high , thin , quavering sound . belvedere in cemetery - night consuelo be seat on the marble bench , she posture deject , lose in think . in the distance , the whistle sound faintly . she do not stir . ext gate of cemetery - night the gatekeeper give two mere short blast on the whistle . int belvedere in cemetery - night consuelo raise she head as the quavering note sound in the distance . for a moment , she look puzzle -- then she eye widen in horrify recognition of the sound . she jump to she foot . ext . belvedere in cemetery - night consuelo step out of the inclosure . she look up into the tree top . they be only darkness now , merge with the almost complete darkness of the sky above . consuelo run down the path . ext . gate of cemetery - night the gatekeeper stand listen for a moment and then continue pull the gate toward he until it click shut with the other gate . he drop the whistle into he coat pocket and , from the same pocket , pull out a large key . he turn it in the lock of the gate . he turn around and move toward the street and he little gutter fire . his shadow move enormously on the gate . ext MAIN avenue of cemetery - night we see consuelo run down a broad avenue in the cemetery . ext gate of cemetery - night mo . long shot of the close cemetery gate . the gatekeeper have disappear . the little fire burn away in the empty street make the loneliness of the scene more apparent . ext . entrance of cemetery - night pant , consuelo fling herself against the close gate , tug at the handle . consuelo let I out ! help —— help ! let I out of here ! look desperately anxious , consuelo turn . she look across the cemetery and then start run back up the main avenue . ext . crossroad of cemetery - night at the head of the avenue , several path fan out in a half circle . consuelo stand look from one to another . she choose the center oath and run into the treekthicken darkness ext . path between BOX hedge -- night consuelo run at breakneck pace down a path . on either side be box hedge taller than she be . ext forked path - night the path consuelo be on split into two path . in the V of the fork be a single grave and over it hover a tall shaft of marble carve in the likeness of a brood angel with fold wing and bow head . consuelo lock about frantically and then lean against the base of the statue , gasp for breath . suddenly a wind spring up and the silence be break into a thousand rustle and murmur as the wind stir through the tree . consuelo shiver and slowly lift she head to look up toward the tree top . she look directly up into the face of the statue . closeup of the angel 's face be curiously sinister because there be light touch its contour . consuelo whirl about to find the source of light . through the wind -stir branch she see the great , lopuside moon just rise into the night . she stumble away from the statue and down the right—hand path , walk a few step , then run a few step , try to force herself to rush on . consuelo stand look down into the old burial ground , a depression fill with weed - grow grave and ancient wooden headstone , either crazily askew or down entirely . it be entirely surround by the tall tree of the cemetery —— and the moonlight seem to fill the place with mist . consuelo start down the slope . ext . old burial ground in cemetery - night there be no path here . the weed grow solidly across the ground '' except where a grave , here and there , have fall in and its earth be break into clod . consuelo stumble about aimlessly . as she cross one of the mound , she foot strike a fall wooden marker . it be rotten and the green light of phosphorescene flash across it , ext . path leading to wall in cemetery - night move again between tall tree , consuelo move on , no longer able to run . but when she see a whiteness between the tree ahead of she , she do spur herself forward more rapidly . ext . wall of cemetery - night consuelo fling herself against the wall , she face alight with hope . consuelo ( call loudly ) help ! help ! help ! there be silence . slowly , keep she hand press against the wall and move sideways , consuelo go alongside the wall until she come to a tree grow very close to the wall . in fact , one massive bough extend out over the wall and consuelo look up at it hopefully . then she expression change '' become tense . close shot of consuelo . her eye be wide and frighten . from the other side of the wall come a sound '' a light , scratch sound , exactly the same sound as that hear by Teresa delgado in she first trip through the underpass tunnel . listen intensely , consuelo turn she head until she ear be press against the wall . now , we hear the sound more distinctly '' as she be hearing it '' but it be still a light , feathery sound . then , suddenly , it cease . and as consuelo strain to hear it again , there be the sharp , hollow clap of a car door carelessly flung shut just outside the wall . it be follow by the grind of a car starter . consuelo jump up . consuelo wait —— wait ! the car motor start . press herself against the wall , consuelo scream again and again . finally , as the unseen car start to slip away , the roar of its motor subside and at that moment consuelo 's scream sound clearly . brake rasp . autoist voice hello -' who 's that ? consuelo be breathe in such convulsive gasp that she can not emit any sound for a moment . consuelo ( weakly ) here ! I be in here behind the wall ! there be the sound of a car door be open , and then footstep beyond the wall . consuelo I have be lock in . please get I out -' autoist voice now , do not get panicky . I will climb over and get you -- press tightly against the wall , consuelo listen . she hear run footstep and then the thud of someone jump up at the wall , try to get over it with a run start . once , twice . autoist voice I can not make it . you wait there and I will get someone to lend I a ladder - - there be the sound of the car door bang shut again . consuelo ( frantically ) no , do not leave I ! do not go away '' autoist voice but you be all right now . it 's just a matter of a few minute ! consuelo you will not forget —— you will come back ? autoist voice stay just where you be ... the roar of the motor fill the scene again . then it be quiet autoist voice be back before you know it . there be the sound of the car draw away . the sound of it lessen , fade '' be swallow in renew silence . consuelo stand against the wall , motionless . she turn fearfully , so that she back be to the wall , and peer into the shadow . suddenly she stiffen . close shot of consuelo . her eye widen . she turn she head so that she ear be close to the wall . and again we hear the curious scratch sound , and with it , another sound —-- a soft , live , breathe sound , as of animal nostril snuffling along the wall , search the scent of prey . there be a brief silence , and then consuelo 's head snap up as we hear a soft pad sound near the top of the wall . she see only the moon , just visible in the space between the tree bough and the top of the wall . there be nothing to be see —— but a rustling sound come from the top of the wall . consuelo 's eye be motionless , fix on the bough overhead . very gradually , the great bough lower , blotting the moon from view . consuelo press she back against the wall , as if she would push herself into it , escape through it . her head , throw back , be motionless '' she eye watch the ominous movement of the great bough , be motionless . and as she stare , a spasm of terror contort she face . the bough suddenly spring back and the moon can be see for one instant . during that instant we hear simultaneously a low , horrible snarl and a scream . both be cut off as the whole scene black out . fade out fade in ext . cemetery wall - day a high angle shot through the branch of a great tree overhange the wall show a scene of sad activity . consuelo 's body , cover with a light canvas sheet , lie the at the foot of the tree . five ladder , three against the outside wall , two against the inside wall , form a curious pattern of bar and stripe in the clean morning sunlight . uniform policeman and plain—clothesmen bustle about . one of they be make a moulage of footprint , he little work space roped off with twine and stake other be examine the tree . two policeman , one uniform , stand at the side and between they stand a young man daze and break , almost hang in the grip of the officer . he be sobbing . this be raoul belmonte . suddenly he scream out hysterically . belmonte why ? why ? why ? the policeman gently shake he into silence . robles , follow by galbraith and Jerry come up over the ladder . robles climb down the inside ladder as do galbraith , but Jerry , be young , leap down . mo . close shot '' shoot toward the wall . belmonte ( cry out ) why ? robles look over questioningly . the uniform policeman , a mexican , answer . policeman El novio . plain - clothesman ( almost simultaneously ) the boy friend . robles ( not unkindly ) shut that man up . take he out of here or give he something to keep he quiet . as the two officer lead belmonte away , Jerry look after he - he face deeply troubled . the three man then turn toward the shroud body . a police officer , a american with a lieutenant 's bar a he shoulder , stand at the head of the corpse . he bend down , lift up the canvas , and robles and Jerry peer under for a brief minute . galbraith do not look . lieutenant the leopard again . robles any witness ? lieutenant just secondary witness -' the man who be come to help she out -- the man he borrow the ladder from - - they find the body -- and the gatekeeper . the gatekeeper , who have be stand near one of the policeman , take a half step forward . gatekeeper I warn she . I tell she the gate would be close . robles ( quieting he ) that 's all right , paisano , it 's not you fault , we know . the old man shuffles back . robles ( to Lieutenant ) anything else -' clue ? the Lieutenant point to a square cardboard box on the ground . galbraith pick it up . galbraith it 's the leopard all right . a break claw -- some black hair -' lieutenant there arc claw mark on the tree . they cross to the tree . galbraith he must have make this get out . notice the way they have be dig in from above . nobles ( point to the ground ) and this leave . they do not fall this time of year . they must have shake down on she when it jump . Jerry have be look from one bit of evidence to the other , puzzle . he turn to galbraith . jerry Doc -- something you say the other day -- galbraith yes ? jerry it do not jibe with this —— you tell I the leopard would go out into the country —- it would not stay in the city —— galbraith sure -- certainly —- but what 's that get to do with this ? jerry ( a little hesitantly ) that 's what I do not understand -- why should it come here -- and why do not it stay here ? it 's get tree and bush here -- outside nothing but cement and asphalt . galbraith ( a little impatient ) Jerry , I talk to you about the habit of a ordinary wild leopard . this leopard be another matter entirely - - a cage animal travel around with Charlie how come for year and year .. that 's why it kill human being . jerry why ? galbraith it do not know how to hunt its natural prey . jerry but it do not eat what it kill . galbraith cage animal be unpredictable . they be like frustrated human being . I can not answer you question . robles that 's why it just maul and tear at they . jerry something 's wrong with this whole setup -- robles yes , there be something wrong . people who want publicity and do not mind how they get it -- what risk they make other people run - - what agony and sorrow they bring to other people -- jerry I know all that , chief , and I do not like it any better than you do , but there 's something else -- robles be about to reply . galbraith stop he . galbraith just a minute , robles . ( indicate Jerry ) let he go on . jerry I can understand about the cat kill the first girl . Charlie how come tell I . all that noise and that light -- scared crazy it would do anything . last night there be nothing to disturb it . just a little girl alone in a cemetery . robles what be you get at ? jerry nothing much -- just that it might not be a cat this time . robles smile , galbraith shake he head . Jerry start for the ladder . dissolve to : ext . STREET - day mo . shot - Charlie how - come 's truck . Charlie be stand on the tailboard of the truck with a rubber exerciser in he hand . beside he be a empty cage . he be give he spiel but have only manage to attract a audience of small mexican boy who obviously have not a dime among the dozen of they . Jerry be stand by watch he , obviously wait for he to finish . charlie ( spieling ) Health - - vigor -- vitality -- s-t-r-e-t-c-h -- ( suite the action to the word ) ...s t be e t c h. watch the panther ! watch the lion in the jungle ! what do they do -- s-t-r-e t-c-h. ( quieter and more confidential tone ) strength -- strength and vitality . here I can sell you the secret of the cat 's strength -- the cat 's vitality . only a dollar . only a dollar . the group of small boy , sense that this be the end of the show , have already start to disappear . Charlie climb stiffly down from the truck and face Jerry . charlie can not make a buck without my leopard . I tell you , Mr. man , you gotta find that cat for I -- or pay up . jerry look , Charlie , just be patient . I will fix everything . you do not want that cat , anyway . it kill two people . charlie ( shaking he head ) no , sir . that girl in the cemetery ? my cat do not kill that girl . I tell you cat do not go around look for trouble . if that cat 's alive , it 's out in the country hide under a bush , starve to death . jerry ( interested , but conceal it ) you really think so , Charlie ? charlie that cat be not mean . I feed he out of my own hand for six year . why do not he kill I ? at night in the truck , I let he out of the cage . when I be fall asleep I hear he walk back and forth . I go to sleep . he do not hurt I . jerry they all say the cat kill this second girl . charlie they do not say it to I . jerry I would like one of they to say it to you , Charlie . I would like to have you hear he side of it he reason . want to hear they ? charlie sure . jerry ( take he elbow ) let 's get in you truck . they climb into the truck . charlie where 's that man ? jerry up at the museum . Charlie put he foot on the starter and the motor cough and wheeze into reluctant activity . dissolve ext . portico of the museum '' day the museum be build on a hilltop and from the portico we overlook the sagebrush and mesquite - cover hill of New Mexico , roll away to the horizon . at one end of this open porch a old indian hand loom have be set up and here a indian woman in Zuni costume sit patiently weaving a rug , the shuttle fly back and forth monotonously , and the foot pedal creak as she change thread . Charlie and Jerry come into the portico and cross to the door . they push open the heavy bronze door and enter the museum . int . museum - day this museum , probably erect with the aid of government fund , be well - proportion and severely plain . a portico , a long , rectangular display room and a combine office and workshop in a alcove off the main room comprise the museum . the display room have glass showcase contain various indian artifact . on the wall be example of indian rug and blanket weaving , mask and ceremonial property . galbraith 's workshop be completely practical . a trestle table with a office armchair behind it , book shelf and transfer case contain label shard and artifact be in this alcove . on the trestle table , which galbraith use as a desk , be a read glass on a fix stand which he use to examine specimen . Charlie and Jerry walk in . Charlie have evidently be here before because he shuffles down the main aisle through the display room without look around . Jerry keep pace with he but glance from side to side at various piece . at the end of the museum they turn and enter the little alcove where galbraith be seat at he desk . he be sharpen a pencil and do not look up . they wait . galbraith ( look up ) why , hello . he get up , come around the table . jerry you know Charlie how -come ? galbraith we be old friend . Charlie nod . galbraith ( to Jerry ) come to look around ? jerry more or less . galbraith I will take you about . get some nice thing . he start off and they follow he . jerry ( as they walk ) Charlie and I be talk . that 's one reason I want to see you . galbraith ( look at he ) about Charlie 's leopard ? jerry yes . they have reach the display room and pause a moment . from this point on , the camera truck with they as they go . galbraith act as cicerone , conduct they about , walk ahead of they as he display the exhibit . galbraith ( point ) here be something that should interest Charlie - a stone leopard head make by he ancestor some six hundred year ago . they use it in ceremony . the jaguar -- in fact all the cat family -- be consider the personification of force and violence in they religious rite . charlie ( squinting at it ) it do not look like a leopard to I . they walk on . Jerry have pay no attention to the exhibit . jerry Charlie do not think the leopard kill the girl in the cemetery . galbraith ( turn , with a smile ) Charlie like he leopard . charlie sure , I like my leopard jerry but he admit quick enough that it kill the first girl . galbraith ( patiently ) well , Charlie , just why do you think you cat do not kill the contreras girl ? charlie you know -- not scared enough . nothing to scare it . galbraith if a leopard do not do it , who do ? jerry it could be a man . galbraith it could be . why would a man kill she ? for what ? it be not robbery . it be not a crime of jealousy or passion . she have no enemy . Charlie shrug . jerry there be all sort of man . you get to see some funny one as a reporter . galbraith ( sagely ) I can understand what you mean - dement man , pathological case . but what sort of man would kill like a leopard and leave the trace of a leopard ? jerry some crazy guy . galbraith but he would have to know about leopard - have access to leopard claw and hair . they walk on . galbraith point out a nicely mold jug . galbraith here 's we prize exhibit - a artifact of the paleolithic period . he look into the case with a glance almost of affection , then turn back to Jerry . galbraith we have give up digging in a certain barrow . I go back and I try again . I just have a hunch . jerry ( thoughtfully ) a hunch -- that 's all I have get about this leopard thing . it 's just a hunch , yet I feel it deep in the stomach . it be a man ! galbraith yes , but what sort of a man ? jerry I do not know . galbraith ( turn toward Charlie chuckle ) you , Charlie -- you know leopard . you might have have a old claw around somewhere , and perhaps a bit of hair from the cage -' eh ? charlie ( see the joke , with a wide grin ) sure ! jerry no. I be serious about this . galbraith ( still smile ) oh , I be only explore you theory . let 's take a step further . you drink , do not you , Charlie ? charlie I drink . galbraith and when you drink , you get drunk . Charlie nod . galbraith then what do you do ? charlie I sleep it off . galbraith but between the time you leave the cant mar and fall into bed in that old truck of yours , what happen , Charlie ? charlie I do not know . galbraith ( stop near the door ) that 's just it , Charlie . that 's what I be drive at . you could do anything in that time . jerry Charlie be not drunk last night . charlie ( very worried ) yes , I be drunk , Mr. man . galbraith make a gesture with he arm as if to say " there you be . " Charlie shake he head . galbraith ( with a wide friendly smile ) see ? there 's a suspect for you , Jerry . Jerry look over at Charlie , who be very woebegone , worried and nervous . jerry ( take he arm , kid ) come on , Charlie . let 's go find another and better suspect . galbraith do not you want to see the rest of the exhibit ? jerry some other time . the man nod to each other . Jerry lead Charlie out . ext . museum portico - day Charlie and Jerry come out of the museum and stand for a moment on the edge of the step . behind there the indian woman continue work at she loom , the heavy shuttle go back and forth . charlie I be sick . jerry ( reach into he pocket ) here have a cigarette . he be only kid . charlie no , he be not kid . I be sick . claw woman ? hurt little girl ? no ! Jerry be still hold the cigarette out toward he . charlie I do not know . I want to see robles . jerry what do you want to see he for ? charlie I want he to lock I up . jerry look , Charlie , you do not do it , and you know you do not . charlie I do not know . I want he to lock I up . he start forward and Jerry go with he . dissolve ext . entrance to the alley - day Charlie 's truck be park at one corner . he , Jerry and robles stand in front of it talk . charlie the Doc 's right . I do not know what I do when I get drunk . I do not know . robles this be crazy , Charlie . you know you do not do it . charlie you would better lock I up . jerry I have be try to tell he , sheriff . he will not listen to I . robles let I get one thing clear . do galbraith make a direct accusation ? jerry no . he be kid Charlie . charlie you would better lock I up . if I do thing like that I want to be put away . I do not want to hurt nobody . robles ( take he arm ) all right , Charlie . if it will relieve you mind , I will put you away for a few day . dissolve int . jail - night mo . close shot - Charlie hold on to some cell bar , stand brood . o.s. , we hear the sound of castanet . Charlie lift he head to look out of a unseen window . ext . STREET - night trucking shot - clo - clo , dress in dance costume , with a black shawl over it , pass along the street , click she castanet idly . from afar we hear a sad , sweet mexican love song , be sung in a high tenor voice . clo - clo pass a dimly light doorway , and we see a woman sprinkle holy water on the door step from a font that hang beside the door . mexican woman valganos dios . she make the sign of the cross and softly close the door . further down the street , two policeman pass clo—clo , walk in step . she grin at they . clo-clo two man for one beat ? afraid of the big cat ? first policeman ( grin ) sure . I have get a family . they pass on . the camera follows clo—clo . the love song have grow louder and clearer and now we come to its source . a young boy be perch on ton of some vegetable crate on a old truck park alongside the curb . he be sing for he own pleasure and hardly notice clo - clo as she pass . smiling , she lift one pair of castanet to follow the beat of he song . he wave to she and she pass on into the darkness beyond the truck . the camera hold for a moment on the young boy as the castanet , play the rhythm of he song , fade away in the distance . dissolve ext . patio of EL pueblo - night the patio be pretty well fill with patron . clo - clo , crossing the patio from the entrance gate to the bar in the rear , skirt the dance floor —- watch the customer with amusement . in do so , she almost bump into a waiter with a full tray . to let he pass , she back aside and stand by one of the table . at this table be three people ; John brunton , he daughter , helene and she husband , dwight . John brunton be a heavy—set , rather impressive look man of about sixty because he be a older man with the air of authority which come from success and money , you have to look twice to catch both the gaiety and the gentle irony in he eye . helene and dwight be two of he close reason for that irony . they be nice - look , well—groomed , somewhat conventionally smart people . wait for the waiter to go by , clo - clo half turn and look down at the three people . she smile . clo-clo hello —- helene look up coolly at clo - clo and then reach for she cigarette case . dwight , with a faint smile which be intend to put brash woman in they place , busy himself lighting helene 's cigarette . brunton look up at clo - clo end give she a friendly smile . brunton hello , there . clo - clo continue on she way to the bar , without look back . dwight ( fretfully look at he wristwatch ) it 's be half a hour since we order . brunton let 's have a drink while we be wait . brunton lean back a little and crane he neck to see if he can locate the waiter . helene put she hand over he on the table . helene ( sweetly ) do not bother . I do not want one -' do you , dwight ? dwight , disinterested , shrug he shoulder . helene give he one of that say- something - dope look . dwight ( hastily ) no —- no , thank you . the music have stop and the dancer applaud in the brief pause , then the orchestra start again -- this time a tango . brunton ( brighten ) want to dance , helene ? helene ( shrugging she , shoulder ) I suppose so -- as she start to rise , he get up to pull back she chair . helene dwight -- dwight rise from the table and the two of they walk over to the dance floor . brunton watch they as they go off . then he walk away , in the direction of the bar . int . bar at EL pueblo - night quite a crowd of people be stand around the bar , either wait for they drink or drink they there . other be seat at the small table here and there on the veranda that house the bar . at a table quite near the step lead down to the patio , clo - clo be seat . a tall , thin goblet of beer stand in front of she . brunton start up the step .. see he , clo - clo grab the beer and put it on the floor between she chair and the veranda railing . then she start look toward the bar , as if wait for someone to wait on she . as brunton come to the top of the step clo - clo just " happen " to catch he eye . brunton ( pleased ) hello ! clo - clo ( turn on the charm and the gamin grin ) I think we be play tag -- or maybe hide - and -seek , huh ? brunton step over to she table and stand with he band on the back of the unoccupy chair - - a little uncertainly . brunton be someone with you -- can I get you a drink ? clo-clo why not ? dissolve ext . patio at EL pueblo - night helene and dwight be seat at the table again . a waiter be serve the dinner they hate be wait for . helene ( savagely ) it 's take this impossible trip to show I what a old fool father have become ! dwight rise from the table . dwight I will look for he . he 's probably in the bar . helene probably . int . bar at EL pueblo - night brunton be now seat at the little table with clo - clo . near they , a waiter be prepare to open a bottle of champagne from a ice bucket . brunton ( to the waiter ) just a moment ( to clo—clo ) look —- you have order this stuff like a sensible girl -- but you do not have to drink it . clo—clo study he , a little warily . brunton do you want it ? or do you want another beer ? he look over the side of the table and gently nudge the hide goblet with the toe of he shoe , for a moment clo—clo be startle '' then she begin to grin . brunton ( to the waiter ) two beer -- big one ! brunton look off toward the step . a expression of dismay come over he face . clo— clo turn around to see dwight come up to they . dwight look from clo - clo to the unopen champagne —- and then smile at he father - in—law with a disagreeably " understanding " smirk . dwight they have finally get around to we dinner -- brunton ( shortly ) I will be there in a few minute . dwight ( nasty-nice ) sorry -- but you know how helene be -- she 's be worry about you -- still smile , dwight turn away . clo - clo look after he and then straighten around and face brunton again . brunton my son—in—law . what do you think of he ? clo-clo ( flippantly ) that depend . how much money have he ? brunton study she -- not disapprovingly , but as he would study a child or a animal that appeal to he . brunton when you marry champagne , clo - clo , you can not trade it in for beer . you be stick with it . clo-clo I can not understand that fancy talk . ( excitedly ) you mean I be a gold - digger ? sure , I be a gold - digger -- why not ? brunton ( echoing she calmly ) why not -- if you like it —- if that 's what you really want . clo - clo sniff angrily . the waiter serve the two glass of beer . clo—clo grab hers and gulp thirstily . clo-clo maybe I should just forget all about money - - forget about mamma and the kid and the rent , huh - marry some poor dope like -- oh , like carlos dominguez - - and get fat and —- brunton ( interrupt ) who 's carlos dom - what 's-his -name ? clo—clo shrug she shoulder in a dramatic gesture of indifference . clo-clo nobody . a boy who work in a grocery . brunton ( watch she ) good look ? clo-clo mmmuqmy . brunton Nice fellow ? again clo - clo shrug she shoulder . brunton be he in love with you ? clo-clo I do not know —- clo—clo look down at she glass of beer , sullenly . brunton watch she , not say anything . clo-clo ( in a sudden outburst ) why do you ask so many question ? what difference do it make how carlos and I feel ? feeling do not buy clothes and house ! brunton ( kindly ) drink you beer and do not get so excited . in spite of herself , clo - clo start smile . brunton smile back at she and lift he glass of beer . she lift hers to touch it in salute . the brunton 's table . the young brunton be half - way through dinner . he look at he watch . she frown . she rise and he help she on with she steal . John brunton be still seat at the little table . he be laugh and cough from the exertion of the laughter . clo clo stand behind he , thumping he on the back . she look worried . several people in the bar be watch they with amusement -- but a nice kind of amusement . clo-clo you will kill yourself . be not there something sad we can talk about , just until you get over this ? brunton wipe the tear of laughter from he eye . brunton that 's what we be suppose to be do this time . but the sadder you try to be , the funnier it come out ! helene ' S voice Father ! brunton make a little face and then turn around to see helene who be come coward he from the step . helene ( furiously ) we finish dinner hour ago . brunton get to he foot . brunton ( wearily ) all right . I will be with you as soon as I have settle this —— he wave he hand at the glass on the little table . with a fishy eye for clo - clo , helene turn and go back down the step . clo-clo why do you let she boss you around like that ? give she a good slap and tell she to keep still ! brunton chuckle . he take some change from he pocket and put it down on the little table . the waiter from the patio come up the stair and hand he the bill on a plate . waiter Madame will be wait at the entrance -' brunton look at the bill and then reach into a inner pocket for a wallet . he take a couple of greenback from it and hand they to the waiter . the waiter bow and smile and go off . clo—clo ( mutter ) Madame will be wait -- Madame ought to go on wait ! to have such a father and treat he like a poor cousin ! brunton smile again -- he start to put he wallet away '' then open it up again and take a single bill from another compartment . he put it in clo - clo 's hand and fold she finger over it . brunton this be for " mama and the kid . " clo-clo ( without look at the bill ; kid ) what about I ? brunton you get you money from you husband . clo—clo stare at he . brunton carlos what 's -his - name -- the boy at the grocer . clo - clo look at he questioningly for a moment —- then very suddenly put she arm around he neck and kiss he cheek . brunton , greatly touch , pat she shoulder . they smile at each other -- and then brunton turn and walk away . clo - clo look after he , then down at she hand . she lift the finger from the bill crush in she palm . her eye widen in shocked amazement . insert $ 100 bill , crumpled in she hand -- the finger close on it again . big head close - up - clo - clo . she smile happily and start off . dissolve in ext . STREET - night clo - clo be scurrying down the street as fast as she stilt heele pump will carry she . her face be bright with excitement and she hum to herself , snap she finger in imitation of she castanet . she pass the flower shop and then the window of the store where Maria tell fortune . clo clo hesitates -- go back and peer through the window . int . fortune telling booth - night the interior of the store be dismal . on one wall hang a phrenological chart . in the center of the room be a plain kitchen table with two rickety chair , one of they a bentwood affair with a sagging cane seat . on the table sleep a white cat , curl up against a crack crystal ball . a cheap thick restaurant saucer on the table be more than half—filled with cigarette butt and ash . Maria be seat at the table . a cigarette be in she mouth . she just sit there , not touch the deck of card in front of she —— stare across at the wall . there be the sound of the door open and Maria look up . she say nothing as clo - clo come into the place , but wait until clo - clo stand beside the table . maria well -- do he give you a lot of money ? clo-clo who ? maria the elderly man I tell you about . clo - clo shrug she shoulder and sit down at the table , clo-clo he be old enough -- but you slip up on the money . try it again , why do not you ? Maria look at she sardonically , but obligingly pick up the deck of card . maria put you wish in they . clo - clo shuffles thorn a few time and then hand they to Maria . Maria cut they into seven pile , face down . she start turn up the top card on each pile . maria money ? she look up at clo - clo who maintain a completely blank expression . clo - clo smile . clo-clo maybe a honeymoon -- Maria start to turn up the next card , with a practice roll of the wrist —- as she see what it be , however , she drop it and quickly swirl all the card together again and hand the pack to Clo-Clo . maria cut . clo-clo ( astound ) what be you do that for ? Maria shrug she shoulder . clo - clo cut the deck into three section . Maria start turn the top card . maria ( murmure ) again -- clo - clo look down at the card , perplex because Maria be perplex . she see a ten of diamond follow by a four of spade . the third pile be still untouched . maria something black —- something on its way to you —— clo-clo go on -' Maria stare down at the third pack and then , with a deat twist , flip the top card face up . almost simultaneously , Maria slap she hand over it . maria ( sharply ) do not look at it ! clo-clo ( whisper ) let I see it —— slowly , seemingly reluctantly , Maria uncover the card . insert the Ace of spade . clo-clo the death card - - maria maybe not - card mean different thing different time -- clo - clo just stand there , stare down at the card . clo - clo nod she head slowly . she lay some silver on the table in payment for the read , then go across the room to the door . Maria stand up and walk over to join she . clo clo stand look out of the door . she turn abruptly to Maria , at she elbow . clo-clo walk a little way with I —-? Maria shrug she shoulder . clo— clo start out the door , Maria behind she . ext . STREET - night clo - clo and Maria walk in silence past the doorway where Shorty blow the smoke ring , past the perch where the boy and girl be kissing -- past the dark delgado house . clo—clo glance up at the window as they go by . ext . STREET corner - night the sidewalk be so high above the street here that there be three stone step set in the curb . clo - clo go down the step , but Maria stop at the top . clo— clo turn and look up at she . clo-clo well —— Maria say nothing , just stand there with a odd , mock little smile on she face . clo-clo see you tomorrow —- maria tomorrow -' clo—clo continue across the street and up the curb step on the other side . at the top of that step , she turn and look back . the corner where she have leave Maria be now empty . the moonlit street stretch desert on either side . clo - clo hurry on again , almost run . dissolve ext . STREET corner residential district - night this be a nice residential section , more american in feel than the other street we have see . there be tree on either side of the street and the moonlight make lacy pattern through they . a shoulder-high brick wall enclose the garden of the house on the corner . clo - clo be walk along this brick wall . a purr of sound quickly lift to the sound of a high - power motor and the glare of headlight precede a long , low black roadster . the car come around the corner and stop . a young man lean out on the driver 's side young man hey , chiquita , want a lift ? clo - clo stop and eye he speculatively . clo—clo what way be you go ? young man you way —— clo - clo suddenly shrink back , horror come into she eye . young man what 's the matter ? clo-clo you car —— what color be it ? young man Black . clo - clo back up against the brick wall . clo-clo ( shrilly ) get outta here ! get away from I with that thing ! young man ( dumbfounded ) what do you mean -' " thing " ? clo - clo start run along the wall , look back in terror over she shoulder . the young man look after she dumbfounded . dissolve ext . clo - clo' house - night this be a small , ordinary clapboard house . in front of it be a scraggly , dusty attempt at a lawn and garden . a mongrel pup lie on the dusty path sleep . suddenly he leap up and bark sharply . clouclo' voice be still , pancho ! clo - clo walk up the path to the house . she open the front door , push pancho away with she foot and slip into the house , close the door behind she . int . clo - clo' bedroom - night in the shadowy light of a single candle , clo - clo 's small bedroom can be see only dimly . in it be a bed with iron bedstead , a ancient wooden rock - chair , a chest of drawer , and a little child 's bed . the candle stand in a saucer on top of the chest . a little girl be sleep in the large bed . clo - clo come into the room . she sit down on the edge of the bed and pull the little girl into she arm . the child murmur sleepily and snuggle up to clo -clo . clo-clo ( happily ) pepita , tomorrow .. I be go to buy you the most beautiful silk dress in the world . the little girl try to open she eye , but the lid flutter close again and the child go on sleep . clo-clo ( laugh softly ) you do not believe I , do you ? she lay the child in the smaller bed and pull up the full , ruffle skirt of she costume .. clo-clo wait until you see what I have '' then you will wake up . she run she finger under the roll top of one of she silk stocking . she look startle . then , she stand up and pull the costume back over the other leg . she look in that stock roll . she stand stricken under the realization that she have lose the money . mother' voice be that you gabriela ? what 's the matter ? clo - clo do not answer . she scuff off she shoe and look in they . she drag off the long stocking , stand first on one leg and then the other . she turn they inside out and shake they . clo - clo 's mother appear in the doorway . she be a prematurely - age woman with she hair in two braid and wear a tear wrapper . mother what be you do ? have you lose something ? clo-clo ( tensely ) yes . money . I must have lose it in the street . clo - clo thrust she foot into the slipper , not bother to put the stocking on again . she grab up a shawl from the foot of the bed and throw it over she shoulder . mother be you go out again , hijita ? why do not you stay home and rest -' clo—clo stop to kiss she mother 's forehead and then go swiftly out the door , past she . the mother turn to follow she . mother ( urgently ) gabriela ! dissolve ext . STREET corner in residential district - night clo - clo walk into the scene very slowly , scan every inch of the sidewalk , from the curb to the brick wall and back again , over and over as she move toward the corner . she retrace the pattern of she step when she stop to talk to the Young man -- out to the curb —— back to the wall and along the wall to the corner . she then turn the corner . ext . STREET with ramada - night clo - clo look down she side of this street . she look across the street . clo—clo half turn , as if to retrace she step —- but just then something further down the sidewalk catch she eye . she run along the wall and lean down to grab at the bit of fold green and white paper there . the elation die from she face . stonily , rigidly she stare at it , the wrapper from a stick of gum . there be a tiny sound -- no more than a flicker of sound . clo—clo lift she face slowly . there be no movement anywhere , no further sound . clo - clo look to the building . there be alternate band of black darkness and moonlight . clo—clo 's eye move from one to another . there be no movement behind any of they . frown a little , clo - clo start back toward the corner . as she move , she hear footstep across the street in the black shadow . listen , she walk more softly . but there be no fear in she expression or she posture . she be only curious . suddenly , she whirl and look across the street . there be nothing over there , nothing move , nothing make sound . she walk on to the corner arid , look back once , go on around the corner . ext . STREET corner in residential district - night clo—clo walk away from the corner , along the brick wall , very slowly . her eye go from side to side and she turn she head slightly , as she listen . she stop . behind she , back around the corner , she hear footstep —- and then a imitative silence . she take a few more step , stop suddenly again -' and again the pursue footstep overlap hers . as clo - clo stand there , the silence be protract . puzzle , but still show no expression or gesture of fear , clo - clo listen , then smile and turn back . clo-clo ( smile ; speak softly ) carlos —- she get as far as the corner , throw away she cigarette and take a compact and lipstick from she pocket . she hold up the compact mirror and start to outline she lip with the lipstick . big closeup '' clo—clo . there be a tiny sound - and some grain of pebble and brick - dust trickle down the wall behind clo - clo 's head . she look down , puzzle , and then - very slowly - lift she head . enormous head closeup of clo -clo . the mouth go slack and the eye widen in the shock of absolute horror . a flash of the lipstick drop from clo - clo 's limp finger . a hoarse cry of terror be break off by a violent snarl and a flash of clo - clo 's body arching back -- almost in the posture of a dance -- away from the assault of something black which rise from lower left-hand corner of the frame and instantly black out the entire screen . we fade on she still glow cigarette in the gutter . fade in ext . cemetery - day mo . long shot - clo - clo 's grave . the coffin , on canvas strap support , be be hold over the open grave by four black suite attendant . the priest stand at the head of the grave , dress in he vestment , and with the open prayer book in he hand . at the grave side be a few mourner , clo clo 's mother and she little covey of brother and sister be all huddle together at the foot of the grave . between they and the priest stand a small group : robles , Jerry , Mr. brunton , galbraith , Charlie how -come , the florist and belmonte . the priest be just finish the service . priest anima ejus , et animae omnium fidelium defunctorum , per misericordiam dei , requiscant in pace . omne amen . from some distance away we hear the toll of church bell . the attendant slowly begin to lower the coffin into the grave . the florist who have begrudge clo - clo one wilted flower come forward and lay a whole armful of rose on the descend coffin . Jerry follow he . he put clo - clo 's castanet among the flower . the coffin sink slowly from sight . one of the attendant take a spade . we hear the hollow thump of the first spadeful as it strike the casket . dissolve CUT dissolve in : ext . cemetery gate - - day robles , Charlie , Jerry and galbraith come out of the cemetery together . they be walk slowly , evidently still somewhat under the sombre influence of the ceremony they have just witness . galbraith ( to robles ) have you send for the state hunter ? robles I wire this morning . jerry State hunter ? robles professional hunter , who rid the state of cougar . the man have pause just outside the cemetery gate . jerry ( incredulously ) you still believe it 's the leopard ? robles stare at Jerry . robles have not you see the evidence , have not you hear the testimony ? galbraith be there anything in clo - clo 's death , Jerry , to suggest it be not the leopard ? jerry yes . the lipstick . robles why ? jerry ask kiki . ask any woman . Girls do not put on lipstick in the middle of the night on a dark , lonely street unless they be with a man or expect a man . robles and galbraith look at Jerry . there be some admission of agreement in they very silence , as they weigh what he have say . galbraith it be possible -- robles just the same - - I be go to use the state hunter . well -- come on , Charlie , I will give you a lift back into town . robles start off and Charlie obediently start after he . but Charlie stop and turn back to Jerry and galbraith . charlie ( to galbraith ) now I know I do not hurt nobody when I be drunk - - galbraith ( kindly ) of course , not , Charlie . I never think you do . charlie and my leopard - - maybe he hurt the first girl -- but no more . Charlie , look satisfied at have have he say , turn and go off after robles . Jerry and galbraith start off in the opposite direction . the cemetery wall - day trucking shot with robles and Jerry as they walk along . jerry you must admit it 's possible that it might have be a man . galbraith just barely possible - - yes . Jerry pause and galbraith stop and look at he inquiringly . jerry you know a lot . you have take a lot of fancy course in college and that kind of stuff - - what kind of a man would kill like that ? galbraith but all that fancy course be about the dead , Jerry , not the live . jerry all right -- the dead , then . in history there must have be man like that -- man with kink in they brain -- galbraith nod he head . he start walk slowly forward again and Jerry go along with he . galbraith yes . there have be man who kill for pleasure -- strange pleasure . there be Blue beard in France -- Jack the ripper in London . it 's not uncommon . jerry if there be a man like that , with a kink in he brain around here loose , what would he be like . galbraith to the eye ? like other man . jerry I do not mean that . how would he act ? what would he do ? galbraith he would act normally when he be with other people . it would be a man who suffer remorse and even pity when it be all over . jerry could not you tell a man like that when you see he ? galbraith no . he would be a hard man to find , Jerry . particularly if he be a clever man . he would go about he ordinary business calmly and coolly except when the fit to kill be on he . jerry you have think of all this before . you know it be not the leopard —— ( insistently ) do not you ? galbraith make no answer . Jerry look at he and sense the finality in this . the two man start walk once more . fade out : fade in : kiki' dressing room - day Jerry , kiki and eloise be in the dress room . Jerry and kiki be dress for travel . kiki be wear a suit and she hat and topcoat be on the table . stand on the floor , near the door , be a couple of suitcase . both kiki end eloise be hold paper cup in they hand . Jerry be just finish fill kiki 's cup from a champagne bottle ( split ) . jerry there you be —- Jerry cross to eloise and fill the cup she hold out . eloise look at he with sentimental fondness . eloise oh , dear -- I do not know what I be go to do without you - honestly , I do not —— kiki ( amused ) hey —— I be over here . eloise ( not take she eye off Jerry ) I will miss you too , honey -- Jerry grin at she . he fill a cup for himself and put the bottle down on the dress table . then he lift the cup to kiki . jerry well -' here 's to luck in Chicago . eloise Chicago ! imagine get out of all this silly scenery and open in a real city ! jerry ( a little smugly ) not bad , huh ? and this place close for the week—end give we a couple of extra day to rest up . kiki I can use they . jerry do they close up every year for this processionist business ? eloise ( nodd ) it 's the big religious ceremony around here . you really ought to see the procession -- why do not you wait over —— say , who know , I might be able to scare up some money and go with you then ! jerry ( laugh ) you be sure crazy to get out of here , be not you ? eloise you know what it be to be ambitious -' but you two be already on you way -- I have not even start . the door open , simultaneously with a knock , and a mexican waiter appear with a large box of flower in he hand . he hand the box of flower to Jerry , who be nearest he . waiter this for the senorita kiki . and the cab be come soon . jerry ( happily ) okay , kiki -- here we go ! they start out . the camera hold on eloise as she watch they go . dissolve int . of the cab - day kiki and Jerry be seat side by side in the cab . the box of flower be between they . it be cover , but the ribbon have be take off . kiki hold a card in she hand . she look down at it . kiki that be nice of Mr. galbraith . jerry he 's a nice guy . vie ought to keep in touch with he . kiki look down at the box of flower . she lift the box cover a little and then close it again . kiki pretty . you know -- it 's funny but flower only mean one thing to I now . jerry I know . funeral . kiki yes . in the follow pause , kiki look out the window . Jerry look over at she , watch she seriously and questioningly . but as she turn back , he look away again . kiki Jerry —— Jerry wait , but say nothing . kiki Jerry , this flower be not really for I —— jerry you mean you want to take they to the cemetery . kiki ( a little shame - face ) yes . do you mind ? Jerry lean forward and tap on the glass partition between themselves and the driver . dissolve int . belvedere in the cemetery - day in the arbor-like inclosure , two or three white pigeon be move about on the sunlit ground . as kiki and Jerry enter the inclosure , they lift into the air with a flutter of wing and fly away . kiki look around the little inclosure . kiki and she wait here for he ? jerry robles say it look that way . belmonte have already be there and leave . they only miss each other by a few minute . kiki go over to the little marble bench and sit down . Jerry stand and look down at she . kiki what do you suppose she think about - alone in here ? Jerry shrug he shoulder . kiki it 's such a sad little place -- kiki stand look out at the sunlit tree of the cemetery . jerry why do you want to stay around here ? it will only make you feel badly . kiki maybe I want to feel badly . jerry that do not make sense . kiki turn around and face he across the belvedere . kiki maybe I be tired of pretend that nothing bother I -- that I do not care about anything but myself - myself and my two - by-four career . Jerry come part way across the belvedere to she . jerry what else do you care about , kick ? kiki you . us. Jerry come over and take she in he arm . he look into she eye and then kiss she deeply . as he lift he head again , he hold she even more tightly . jerry I be glad you care about we , kick . sometimes that get kind of lose in the racket -- kiki ( look up at he ) maybe there ought to be less racket and more we . Jerry smile at she . leave one arm around she shoulder , he steer she over to the little marble bench . they sit down , still with they arm around each other . kiki ( cont 'd ) we have be so busy pretend to be tough hombre -- Jerry nod . with a little sigh , kiki put she head down on he shoulder . kiki confession . I be a complete softie . I have be conscience - stricken and worried sick ever since that leopard get away -- jerry if that 's be a softie -- there be two of we . they sit quietly -- happy in a moment of complete understanding . jerry kiki -- it be not the leopard . kiki you be positive of that , be not you ? jerry absolutely sure . kiki get to she foot and tug at Jerry 's hand . kiki we be not go to catch a train , darling -- we be go to stay right here and catch a murderer . Jerry stand up . jerry ( eagerly ) you be sure it 's all right ? you do not mind stay ? kiki smile up at he . kiki you already know the answer to that . I want this town to be safe and happy again -- jerry I be no detective . I do not even know how to begin . all I know be I want to do something about all this . kiki take he arm and they start across the inclosure . Jerry stop at the entrance . jerry oh , by the way -- I be out of cash -- kiki do not you take you cut out of the close check ? jerry ( ruefully ) I get into a little crap game . kiki that 's funny -- I never know you to lose that much before -- Jerry look innocent and helpless .. kiki ( a little embarrassed ) as a matter of fact , I be out of cash myself . jerry what ! you can not be -- kiki I -- I buy some silver jewelry and stuff from eloise -- jerry eloise do not own enough of anything to make a dent in you pay check , kick . kiki ( defiantly ) all right , I be not ashamed of it ! I split it two way '' jerry ( before he can continue ) half to the delgado family and half to clo - clo 's family . kiki ( take aback ) how do you know ? Jerry grin . kiki you do the same thing yourself ! impulsively , kiki put she arm around Jerry and hug he affectionately . dissolve ext . the gate of the cemetery - day the old gatekeeper be lean against the cemetery gate , whittling . kiki and Jerry the gate . kiki smile at he .. jerry ( just by way of polite observation ) must get lonely here . gatekeeper ( nodd toward the graveyard ) I have many friend -- and they do not bother I with talk -- kiki ( to Jerry ) that ought to hold you . Charlie how '' come come walk towards they , drag a sack behind he . charlie two hundred and fifty dollar you owe meet jerry ( very excited ) you find the leopard ! Charlie come up to they and drop the sack to the ground . charlie what 's leave of he . jerry where ? where do you find it ? Charlie be wiping he face with now he gesture with the cloth , a bandana handkerchief . charlie North -- in a arroyo , shot through the head —- maybe week ago . no good , skin , everything go —— jerry what arroyo -' how do you get to it —— Charlie look perplex . he draw a line in the air with he forefinger . dissolve the shoe shining stand - STREET - day a small shoeshine stand with two chair under a awning . robles sit in one of they , look down like a judge at the group before he -- kiki , Jerry and Charlie . the other chair be empty . the little mexican who run the stand be work with furious diligence over robles ' boot . Charlie , the sack lie nearby , be bent over almost double , trace a imaginary line on the sidewalk . charlie and here be Three Tree Mesa -- and here I go out of the big arroyo -- jerry ( interrupt ) that 's the place : I remember -' my foot be so darn sore , I could not make it -- and galbraith go on up to the head of the canyon by himself -- robles just a moment —— he look at kiki and hold out he hand beseechingly . robles ( cont 'd ) please -- miss Walker —— come up and sit beside I . I can not stand '' so you must sit . kiki no , really -- thank you just the same , I —— jerry ( interrupt ) Chief , do not you understand what this mean ? robles ( sigh ) you think galbraith find the leopard on the day you go out with the posse . jerry I be sure of it ! have finish one boot , the mexican bootblack go to work on the other . robles hold up the polished boot and look at it admiringly . robles be not that beautiful ? there be no one in the state like he . he be a genius in he own line . Jerry make a gesture of impatience . jerry galbraith know something . he as good as say so —— robles I be not interested in what somebody else think . you be I fact and I will act on they . Jerry kick at the sack with he foot . jerry that 's a fact , be not it ? robles yes . and I be take it to headquarters for examination . the bootblack put the final buff on the second boot . robles step down . he pat the bootblack on the shoulder and hand he a coin . jerry you will not go to galbraith with I ? robles offend a reputable citizen and involve the department in a slander suit ? no. I be in office to protect the taxpayer money '' not throw it way . come on , Charlie . Charlie pick up the sack and trail away after robles . Jerry stare after they . the he arm . Jerry look at he . the bootblack make a gesture of buffing and point down to Jerry 's shoe . Jerry shake he head . jerry no . no , thanks . ( to kiki ) now we have get to do it ourselves . kiki ( encouragingly ) we will —— Jerry take she arm and they start walk away . dissolve int . belmonte's bedroom - day this be a small , simply furnish bedroom with a day - bed . raul belmonte be sprawle on this couch . his hair be rumple , he need a shave and he shirt be badly wrinkle . his face and eye show the effect of constant drink . a bottle and glass stand on the floor beside the head of the couch . Jerry be look over at a photograph which stand on a small table in the window —- a photograph of consuelo contreras . raul a lovely face , a tender smile , soft beautiful hair -' that 's what you see in the photograph , be not it ? raul prop himself on one elbow and look across at the photograph himself . raul ( in a hard voice ) a smear of blood , claw rag in a huddle on the ground -- that 's what I see . a horrid , terrible thing . jerry ( quickly ) I know . I be there . raul swing himself into a sit position on the edge of the couch . he put he head into he hand . raul but you be not here when she call out at night . wake up and hear she - scream —- " raul , raul , get I out " Jerry go over to he and put he hand on he shoulder . jerry easy , boy . I want to talk to you . maybe there 's something I can do —- raul reach down and get the bottle and the glass . he start automatically to pour a drink for himself —— then stop and hold out the bottle and glass to Jerry . haul have a drink . that 's the best thing to wipe out nightmare —— Jerry take the bottle - and glass and carry they over to the table . he put they down and then come back to raul , who have sit watch he stupidly . jerry no . you have get to kick at something , fight with something , to work the nightmare out of you system . in consuelo 's case , there 's be nothing to fight against -' just fate and a dumb brute animal . ( pause to watch raul ) I have get something to tell you that will change all that . raul look up at he . jerry ( cont 'd ) it be not a animal . raul frown and move uneasily , try to understand through he alcoholic haze . jerry it be a man . the two man stare at each other . raul ( whisper ) a man -' kill consuelo ? Jerry nod he head . raul slowly get to he foot and stand eye to eye with Jerry . raul who ? jerry I do not know . but I want you help to find out . raul go over to the table and pick up the bottle . he pour some liquor into the glass and take it off quickly , as if it be medicine . then he turn back to Jerry . dissolve out dissolve in intersection of the alley and the STREET - day the commemorative procession be form here . some of the participant be hood , wear black hood very much like this wear by the ku klux klanner . in the doorway and window , the townspeople be watch . galbraith pass through the crowd . he have a small paper package in he hand , he pipe in he mouth and be walk along , obviously on he way to somewhere . eloise , who be stand watch the processionist , block he way for a moment . he try to pass around she . she see he and smile . eloise oh , Mr. galbraith ! I be so glad you be here . galbraith ( a little puzzle and try to pass on ) good evening . eloise ( stop he ) you know all about this thing - - and I have live here all my life —- and I still do not know what the procession mean . galbraith it 's to remind people of the great tragedy that take place here so that they will not ever forget that a peaceful village of Indians be wipe out by the conquistadore , back in the 17th century ... a band of monk bury the dead and pray for they and do penance for they death —— that 's what this procession be suppose to be . eloise ( gush ) oh , that 's so interesting ! galbraith well , now that you have have you history lesson , I think I will get on to the museum . he nod and start off . eloise turn back to watch the processionist . dissolve in ext cemetery wall - night galbraith be walk along the quiet , empty street outside the cemetery wall . there be a very faint cry from inside the cemetery . galbraith slow he stride perceptibly , but do not stop . girl voice ( o.s. , very faint ) help ! get I out ! help ! help ! galbraith stop and look up at the cemetery wall , closeup of galbraith show fear and puzzlement in he eye . still look toward the wall , galbraith walk on . ext . corner where clo - clo be kill - night galbraith be walk along the brick wall , approach the corner . just before he get to the corner , a light cigarette spin out and fall to the pavement in front of he . galbraith stop as if he have come up against stone . he stand there , force courage to go on . he take the few step to the corner and face the direction from which the cigarette be throw . there be on one in sight anywhere . very slowly , galbraith reach down and pick up the cigarette . the unlight end be dark with lipstick . with a almost imperceptible shudder , galbraith let the cigarette fall . walk rigidly , he continue on he way . int . museum - night the large room be in shadowy darkness . the heavy front door swing open . suddenly the place be brilliantly light from the overhead fixture . galbraith take he hand from the light -switch just inside the door . he push the clear close and lean up against it exhaustedly . he be breathe heavily and he eye be dull and heavy - lidd with the reaction from violent fear . he sigh deeply and then walk slowly and wearily across the display room to the office alcove . he sit down at he worktable and start work on a small model of indian ruin , do in color clays . suddenly , far away but clear in the silence , he hear the sound of castanet —— just three widely space click . his hand become motionless above the model —- but he do not look up . the same sound come again , repeat twice , the click a little more rapid . galbraith get to he foot and stand stare into the empty , brilliantly light museum room . the castanet sound again and this time they go into a steady rhythm , still faint and faraway ; a purr of sound . but the sound increase in volume and intensity every second . galbraith listen , he eye mirrore he grow terror , he hand press down onto the worktable . the castanet come up to a brainsplitt reverberation of sound . the tendon in galbraith 's neck stand out —— he forehead be wet with sweat . as the tenseness of he body and the madness in he eye signal that he control be about to break —— the castanet furor abruptly cease . for another few second , galbraith stand there then he lift he hand from the table and draw in a deep shudder breath . he take a handkerchief from he pocket and slowly wipe he face and he band . re step out of the alcove and press a light—switch on the wall nearby . the overhead light in the display room go out . the alcove be new like a little light stage at the end of a dark auditorium . galbraith step back into it , take a book from the worktable and settles down in a armchair at one end of the table . he begin to read . the sound of the front door open break suddenly into the stillness . it bring galbraith to he foot in a instant . his book fall to the floor . across the shadowy display room , a figure move to the accompaniment of a woman 's brisk footstep . there be no terror in galbraith 's face this time -- but he wait tensely to-identify he visitor . kiki step into the light alcove . kiki I have disturb you . I be sorry - galbraith miss Walker -- I do not expect anyone —— kiki step closer to the table . kiki ( apologetically ) I come up on the spur of the moment . galbraith lean down and pick up the book . kiki I want to see the procession —— and I remember you kind invitation -- she smile a little uncertainly . galbraith of course . only I be afraid you ' will be cheat . there be not much of a view of the procession here . kiki ( puzzle ) I think they come right past here —— galbraith they do , but -- there be no light out there —- they will just be shadow -' kiki move across the alcove to a window . kiki it 's not so terribly dark out . if we turn off this light , we can see . a panic-stricken look leap into galbraith 's eye . galbraith ( no trace of fear in he voice ) no use turn the light out until they get here .. kiki stand look out at the window . kiki but they be come now , listen . very faintly , in the far distance , can be hear the chant of the procession . kiki hear they ? galbraith listen as if he wear listen to fate itself . kiki turn off the light -- galbraith stare across at she . with great effort , he speak . galbraith ( thickly ) wait —— kiki no —- really , I can see they -- they be come now -' turn off the light —— as if hypnotize , galbraith walk out of the alcove and to the light -switch on the nearby wall . his finger move up towards the second switch .. he still stare toward kiki . he have the set , bloodless look of a man-lost in some fearful resolve . close shot of kiki . for the first time , we see that she be terrify . she be look at the window where galbraith be faintly mirrore . close shot of galbraith 's hand on the light -switch . the finger curve claw - like as he push down the switch . int . museum alcove - night in the window , the reflection be blott out . outside we can see the processionist march . the pin point of they candle be make bright spot against the dark background of they robe and the night sky . the loader chant and the rest answer he monotonously , over and over again . kiki stand at the window . behind she galbraith cross from the light switch , walk normally , he footstep follow one another with great regularity . kiki stand perfectly still , keep she eye to the window . only she leave hand slowly rise to press against she heart betray she anxiety . as the hand rise we pick up the beat of she heart . ( trick effect . ) galbraith come closer and closer until finally he stand behind she . the beat of she heart subside . there be perfect silence . even the processionist cease they chant for a moment . kiki and galbraith stand this , way for a instant , , then suddenly galbraith move violently toward she . she scream . the side door burst open and Jerry and belmonte come pell—mell into the room . it have all happen with such suddenness that for a moment galbraith stand stock still . the two grapple with he . this physical contact rouse he . he shake himself loose and dodge around the desk . they chase after he through the dark . int . display room - night galbraith run in , follow closely by Jerry and belmonte . he dodge among the showcase . he try the great door . it have be lock . he turn and start run back toward the alcove . they stop he . he dodge they and go on . Jerry start after he again . belmonte reach under he coat and pull out a revolver . the movement have catch Jerry 's eye and he turn . jerry raoul -- do not . put that gun away . Jerry run on , without see whether or not raoul have obey he order . with the gun still in he hand , raoul follow after . int . museum display room - night galbraith run in past kiki , who have leave the window and be stand in front of the desk . just as he pass she , Jerry reach he , grab he arm and whip he around . the two man struggle . belmonte come up . to avoid the struggle man , kiki step backward and knock against the showcase contain the butterfly . it fall with a great crash and the sound of break glass , kiki fall with it . Jerry glance over and see kiki on the floor . he let go of galbraith who dodge out of the side door , belmonte after he . Jerry kneel down beside kiki . jerry kiki ? kiki it 's all right . I be not hurt . he scramble up from he knee and run after belmonte . the processionist slowly climb the hill toward the cross . the leader be still call out and the other answer he in the long establish rigmarole of they ceremony . galbraith with a hurried look over he , shoulder run into the scene and slip in with the march man . mo . close shot of galbraith as he make he way to the center of the march column . Jerry and belmonte stand panting beside the march column of processionist . he look right and loft . there be no sign of galbraith . he , too , fall in the rank near the end of the procession . he begin to slowly make he way to the head of the column , peer under the hat and into the dark face of the man . his gun be still in he hand . another angle of the march column . we see galbraith in the very center and behind he Jerry and belmonte come up and look into he face . they seize he arm . galbraith struggle to get away from they . there be a disturbance in the rank of the processionist . quickly , six of the enormous , tall , hood figure gather menacingly around the center of the disturbance . no word be speak . there be only the convergence of this six great figure about the two struggle man . the three man subside . galbraith cease to struggle . the six hood man leave they , draw back to the flank of the procession . closer shot of Jerry and galbraith . the two man be close together , but march on in step with the processionist , and as they walk , they talk sotto voce . despite the urgency of what one demand from the other and the other deny , the silent authority of the hood figure mute they voice . jerry it be you , galbraith ! galbraith no . jerry it be you . galbraith not ! I tell you . no ! jerry you shot the leopard . we know that . you kill consuelo . you kill clo clo . then tonight -- galbraith I do not do anything . she scream . something frighten she . jerry consuelo scream too -- and clo clo . why do you do it ? why ? Quick . tell I why ? galbraith ( brokenly , very near hysteria ) it 's better you do not know . jerry tell I . galbraith why do yo&i accuse I ? you do not know what you be do -- you do not understand -- nobody understand -- Jerry study galbraith . a new note have creep into the man' voice -- a odd note of irrationality and self—pity . galbraith ( miserably ) in the whole world there be not a single human be who know what it be to be torment this way -- the procession have reach the crest of the hill . as the head of the column begin to make its way around the cross the whole file slow from a march to a shuffle half step . Jerry and belmonte seize the opportunity to edge galbraith out of the column toward a joshua tree . they stand in its deep shadow while the procession go on and off . close shot of Jerry and galbraith , with belmonte close to galbraith in the b.g. jerry ( prompt galbraith ) tormented -- ? why ? galbraith I could not rest —- I could not sleep . all I could see be Teresa delgado 's body -- break -- mangle . I see it day and night . it be wait everywhere I turn . jerry then you find the leopard -- galbraith I do not want to kill , but I have to . I hear she in the cemetery - talk to the man in the auto -- belmonte stir in the shadow of the joshua tree . galbraith when he go away -- I think maybe I be go to help she get over the wall -- I can not remember . —- close shot of belmonte . his face be motionless —- he eye be burn . galbraith ( with mount hysteria ) I look down -- in the darkness I see she white face turn up to I -- the eye dark and wide with fear -- the fear -- that be it -- the little frail body -- the soft skin —- slowly , galbraith 's two hand lift , the finger curve slightly inwards . he look at they as if he , too , be terrify by they deadly potentiality . galbraith and then -- ( smile , strangely and appallingly ) —— she scream -- behind he , belmonte come up close . agony pass over belmonte 's face and contort it ... his hand squeeze down on the gun . a shot roar out . galbraith fall , silently crumpling down at the base of the joshua tree . belmonte throw the gun away and stand look at he . belmonte ( softly ) consuelo , dissolve ext undertaker's parlour - night T. c. Johnson ' 's undertake parlour be light and the light fall out of the window in . a great broad path onto the dark sidewalk . Jerry and kiki come out of the building . they pause and stand in the broad glow of light from the window . for a moment they be silent . behind they , in the shop , we see raoul hobb and two policeman . kiki we stand here once before . jerry I know -- Teresa -' kiki I hate you that day —- you and you flip talk -' with that little girl lie dead . jerry I know . what do you think I feel when you say , " do not be soft ? " kiki Jerry , I want you to be soft . you be soft -- inside -' where it matter . I want it that day too , but do not dare tell you . jerry we ought to dare to tell each other everything , kiki -- you and I . re look up and down the street . jerry it 's a strange town , kiki . a funny town . mexican , american and indian , all mix up in itself , with two language . the sign post write in Spanish and English . a strange town . another angle show the street . four hood processionist go by in single file . kiki it 's a lovely town —- it be until we come and let the leopard loose and all this happen . jerry kiki , galbraith say something to I once , -- something you ought to know . we be talk and he say that people be like that ball on the fountain at the hotel -- they get push around by thing bigger than themselves . that 's the way it be with we -- and we be too small to see it that way . he put he arm about she and they begin to walk up the street . fade out < !-- / / file archive on 20020203165219 and retrieved from the // internet archive on 20031001101731 . // javascript appended by wayback machine , copyright internet archive . // all other content may also be protected by copyright ( 17 u.s.c. // section 108 ( a ) ( 3 ) ) . var swaybackcgi = " http://web.archive.org/web/20020203165219/ " ; function x lateurl ( acollection , sprop ) { var i = 0 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < acollection.length ; i+ + ) if ( acollection [ i ] [ 's prop].index of ( " mailto : " ) == - 1 && a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop].index of ( " javascript : " ) == - 1 ) a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop ] = swaybackcgi + a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop ] ; } if ( document.link ) xlateurl ( document.link , " href " ) ; if ( document.image ) xlateurl ( document.image , " src " ) ; if ( document.embeds ) xlateurl ( document.embeds , " src " ) ; if ( document.body && document.body.background ) document.body.background = swaybackcgi + document.body.background ; //-->