" the rise and rise of michael rimmer " , — — screenplay by : | weer December 1968 copyright . revise script 21.6,69 . Peter cook John cleese Graham chapman Kevin billington David paradine film Ltd. , claridge House , 32 , Davies Street , london , w.1. ol - 499 3163 . int . fairburn build . reception . day , a old - fashioned office entrance with receptionist also work the switchboard . buffery , a client , enter follow closely by michael rimmer who contrive to give the impression they be together , rimmer carry a clipboard and stopwatch . a board say ' fairburn opinion poll ' , " fairburn management 's , etc . buffery ( politely ) I would like to see the manage director please . buffery 's the name . receptionist just one moment . ( she press intercom . button ) Mr. ferret ? ferret' voice ( over intercom . ) with cream please . receptionist no , Mr. ferret ... ferret' voice but I always have cream , and sugar . receptionist there 's a Mr. buffery to see you . ferret' voice oh , send he up please . receptionist ( to buffery ) third floor please . ( to rimmer ) yes ? rimmer yes . rimmer walk away with buffery . int . staircase . day . rimmer follow , buffery and time he ascent with a stop - watch . a embarrassing silence for buffery as they continue up the stair . int . corridor . day , rimmer follow buffery along corridor and enter ferret 's office behind he . ferret , the manage director , be a struggle member of the respectable middle class . int , office . day . tanya who be ferret 's very sexy secretary be seat at desk in same office . buffery Mr , ferret ? ferret yes . ferret smile , put out he hand . buffery punch ferret in the face , knock he back off he chair , turn to leave the office and stop at the door . buffery just pop in to cancel we contract . buffery exit , rimmer ( smile ) good morning , Mr. ferret . ferret ( struggle to get up ) good morning ... you alright ? e© w+. er . rimmer rimmer Sir - co-ordination . continued ; contd . ferret . ah yes , keep it up ... vital work . rimmer leave , ferret turn and look at he file . ferret co-ordination ? int . corridor . day . rimmer go down corridor pass door mark '' chief statistician '' n. crodder . we hear u strangle cry of " God " from within . he stop at door mark J. morrison , Public Relations . int . morrison' office . day . rimmer open door with considerable difficulty . we see a office cover in cobweb . moth flit to and for amidst the dust , int . corridor / office . day . rimmer close door and proceed to account Office . he open door to discover Chief accountant federmann , who be on ' phore . the room have the atmosphere and equipment of a old fashioned betting shop . federmann I will just read that figure back . two pound to win on lively Lady . and a fiver on the groper ... ( notice rimmer ) ah , ha ... good morning . rimmer ( smile ) good morning . it 's Mr. federman be not it ? federmann yes , rimmer note something down on he clipboard and leave . continued : contd , rimmer . thank you . int , lavatory . day . 8 rimmer enter lavatory and take up position by door . pumer enter , rimmer ( smile ) Mr. pumer ? pumer yes ... who be you ? rimmer rimmer , co-ordination ... please carry on , pumer go to pee , puzzle . as he begin rimmer click stopwatch . begin title . pumer finish . rimmer clock stopwatch again and note down finding . exit pumer , disturb . rimmer test automatic towel dispenser . the entire roll fall out . rimmer make a note . enter federmann , rimmer hello again , Mr. federmann . federmann oh , hello , federmann go into cubicle , rimmer clock stopwatch then wander about note efficiency of tap , plug , liquid soap container etc . none of they work . federmann pull chain : it do not work first two time and when it do , make a appall gurgle roar . rimmer click stopwatch and make note . federmann leave embarrassedly , federmann ah , well , back to the grindstane , continued : contd . rimmer go into cubicle and climb up on seat to inspect the faulty cistern , enter crodder . he go into next door cubicle , take he trousers down , and be about to begin when he seas rimmer above he . he leave cubicle look worried . rimmer ( cheerfully ) wo not be a moment . he complete operation end get down for a test flush , this be satisfactory . rimmer would you mind use this one , Mr , er oa . crodder crodder . crodder enter cubicle but do not quite shut the door , through the crack he peer at rimmer as he clock he stopwatch . crodder good God ! be nothing sacred ? end title : ext . corridor outside lavatory . day . 9 tanya be come down the corridor as crodder emerge . crodder extraordinary thing just happen in the john ! I go in and there be a fellow there with a stopwatch . tanya that 's Mr , rimmer , co-ordination . crodder be he one of that ghastly time and i 2 motion people ? continued : 10 contd , tanya I think he 's work for Mr. fairburn himself , rimmer appear . crodder ( obsequiously ) good morning ... well must not hang about ... lot to do . two man , fromage and waring , be advance purposefully down the corridor . tanya lead they to ferret 's office . rimmer follow they in . int . ferret' office , 10 tanya Mr. fromage and Mr , waring , Mr. ferret . they have come about the advertising . ferret ah , good morning ! ferret go to he desk and sit down . ferret i expect you have come about the advertising . waring yes , we have . ferret ah good , well , I will just get the man in charge of advertising . waring no , Mr. ferret , we have come to see you . fromage yes , we have come to make a complaint . continued ; 10 contd . ferret ah , well , I will get the man in charge : of complaint . waring no , Mr. ferret , we want to see you , ferret ah well , you have come to the right man then , waring just over six month ago , Mr. ferret , you undertake we new advertising campaign . we hear from you for the first time yesterday . you send we some slogan for advertising we dog food , ferret good . waring we do not make dog food , Mr. ferret , we make humbug . ferret oh , and you be not think of branching out into dog food ? waring no , and if we be , we would want something more original than '' woof make doggy bounce with health " , ferret do get that typewriter fix , Tanya . rimmer we be work on a new presentation concept , Mr. waring . Mr. ferret will have it ready in a week . ferret '' + + one week it be ... make a note Tanya . continued : 10 11 12 contd . 2 , rimmer ( ushere they out ) thank you gentleman . here 's my card ... if you would like to call next Tuesday . int . corridor , day . 11 we see rimmer in longshot in earnest , efficient conversation with fromage and waring in corridor . as they leave we hear the strain of tango music . rimmer go down corridor and stop at pumer 's door . from inside the office come the strain of Victor sylvester Music , rimmer listen fur a moment and then opeus the door quietly . int . pumer' office . day . 12 Inside be pumer wear tail , carnation , learn the step of the tango . on the floor he have chalk out foot position and as rimmer watch he start a series of step . this involve he in a turn during which he sight rimmer , double take , turn again , double take , turn again . pumer ( point to mark on the floor ) tango . my wife and I have be select for the South East . I practise in the coffee break , I do not have coffee . rimmer ( take a note on he clipboard ) pumer with a 'e ' be not it ? pumer well , just the one 'e’ ... well , coffee break over . pumer replace tail on coat hanger . 13 14 146a 9 . int . lavatory .day , 13 rimmer see crodder enter lavatory . he follow he in and clock watch as crodder enter cubicle . pause . crodder' voice you can stay there all day if you like . I can not do anything under this condition . int . filing room . day . 14 ferret be pretend to get a file , whilst fumble near tanya 's leg . rimmer approach and watch from the bottom of a small staircase . ferret um ... thank you , Tanya , that will be all I be afraid . ferret motion tanya away , she walk down the stair to ferret 's office . tanya all right , Mr. ferret . rimmer if it 's all right by you , I will take over the office next door to you . ferret oh good ! yes , look , I will tell you what , why do not you take it over ? rimmer thank you . ferret look at he watch and walk down the stair . ferret ah well must be off . int . ferret' office . day . 14a ferret go into office , go to mirror and notice lipstick mark and turn on tap in washbasin . Water continued : 10. 144 contd . come out . suddenly stop . ferret Tanya , what have you do with my water ? tanya the Water board have cut it off , sir , ferret what have we ever do to they ? tanya we have not pay they , sir . ferret money , money , money . whatever 's the world come to ? ( slightly furtively to Tanya as rimmer walk away in corridor ) see you in the pub . 15 int . corridor . evening . 15 ferret be kneel at coca cola machine , clean lipstick off with coke and flannel . pumer , federmann leave and tanya walk out of office and down the stair . ferret they will be cut the electricity off next . the corridor be plunge into darkness . confusion . darkness be pierce only by the beam of rimmer 's torch . we see ferret walk into a fire extinguisher by the light of this . rimmer goodnight , Mr. ferret . ferret ah rimmer . I be just conduct a little experiment ; on the effect on office efficiency of total darkness . i would not bother to tell Mr. fairburn about it , he 's a bit out of touch with modern method , 11 . 16 int . darkened lavatory . night , 16 crodder ( shouting plaintively ) it 's no good turn the light out . I know you be still there . 17 ext , ferret' house , night . 17 ferret stagger to front door . it be open by mrs , ferret . mrs . ferret where have you be ? ferret well lot of place , Paris , Rome ... mrs , ferret tonight . ferret ah , tonight , I be work late . mrs . ferret I ring the office and they say you be not there . ferret really ? who do you speak to ? mrs . ferret a Mr. rimmer , ferret ah yes , as I be work late I tell he to say that I be not there . full mark to rimmer . mrs . ferret you come in here reek of sex and scent and with a love bite on you neck . ferret it 's not scent dear nor be it a love bite . I happen to be wash my face with coca cola when the light go out and I bang my neck on the fire extinguisher . 18 19 12 . int . fairburn build . reception . day . 18 people arrive at the office and treat rimmer with respect and obsequiousness , as he tick off they name on a clipboard . tanya arrive . Workmen be busy pull down wall , tanya good morning , Mr. rimmer , tango music as pumer enter dancing , he ease into a normal walk as he see rimmer . pumer good morning . int , rimmer' office . day . 19 rimmer be on the " phone . New office equipment be be bring in and old stuff remove . Workmen be knock down wall . tanya be also there . rimmer the report on davidson and cubbey please Tanya , ( tanya go to cabinet ) and could I have the appreciation figure for last month ? ' thank you , rimmer feed they into the add machine and pick up €@ second ' phone , rimmer sorry to keep you Mr. wilde ; my secretary 's just get the file , can I call you back ? another ' phone ring . rimmer ( cont would . ) hello ... yes , Mr , tibalt ... it must have slip Mr. ferret 's mind ... I will get it do right away ... goodbye . any sign of Mr. ferret , Tanya ? 20 ~~ 21 & ~~ & 22 int . reception , day . 20 ferret pass reception desk look at he watch . various workmen be knock down wall - a new elevator be be install . ferret good morning ... terrible traffic today . terrible traffic yesterday ... just like last week . int , corridor . day . 21 ferret appear at top of the stair still mutter about the terrible traffic . crodder stop he . crodder can not stop ... it 's all go this morning . ferret terrible traffic . crodder Mr. rimmer 's anxious to see you . ferret ah good ... as ferret pass rimmer 's office he raise he brief case to obscure he face . we can clearly see r.j. ferret emboss on the leather , int , rimmer' office , day . 22 from rimmer 's office we see ferret enter he own office next door through enormous hole in the wall . ferret sit down and swing foot on to desk . rimmer Mr. ferret ? ferret ah , ..did not see you there . sorry about the hole in the wall . terrible traffic . continued : 22 23 24 14 . contd . rimmer could you let I have the result of the wheatieflake survey ? ferret not as such ... but I have get the one on boot polish . rimmer and what do it show ? ferret it show ... er ... well itshows that about 90 % of English family do not like boot polish for breakfast , .. I be afraid there be a bit of a muddle about the questionnaire ... I will look into it right away . ferret get up . rimmer I would rather you do not . ferret sit down . ferret right ... I will ... er not look into it . ext , fairburn stately home . day . 23 rimer draw up in a taxi , fairburn 's old fashioned roll royce stand in the driver . rimmer get out of the taxi and put on he smart pair of Wellington boot . ext , fairburn house by lake , day . 24 rimmer approach fairburn who be determinedly fly fishing in the middle of stream / lake . rimmer walk into the water and stand by fairburn . rimmer I have get it all here , sir . fairburn ( involved with fish ) what ? who be you ? rimmer I be afraid it 's only the preliminary finding , I have not have much time . fairburn be this one of ferret 's damn fool idea ? continued : 24 contd . 15 . rimmer no sir , it 's the business efficiency report you commission . fairburn I do no such thing , I have never see you before in my life . rimmer yes , I think you decision to investigate be very timely . fairburn be it ? ah , it be timely be it ? yes . well that 's what decision should be . it seem to have slip my mind and my wife 's be rather under the weather . rimmer nothing serious I hope . fairburn no , no , I think she will linger on for quite a while yet . rimmer ( hand over a file ) here 's the report sir . fairburn it 's a bit long ... could you give I a rundown I be a bit busy today . rimmer well , sir , the firm seem to be run a annual deficit of some seventy - five thousand pound . fairburn seventy - five thousand pound ! my god . well do you know the word that come to my mind ! rimmer no sir , I do not know the word , continued : 24 25 26 16 . contd , 2 , fairburn Fire ferret . that be the word . Fire ferret . fairburn storm out of the water closely follow by rimmer . ext , fairburn build . day . 25 roll royce draw up , fairburn and rimmer get out and enter office . people treat they with great respect . int , ferret' office . day . 26 ferret in office at he desk . he be watch cricket on the t.v. with a plate of half eat cream bun in front of he . there be a buzz on the intercom . he finish the bun and flick the switch . ferret yes ? receptionist ( through intercom ) mx. fairburn to see you , sir . ferret I be busy . receptionist but it 's Mr. fairburn , sir . he want to see you now . ferret I do not care if its Mr. fairburn himself ... oh it be ! ah , I see . er , um . tell he I be with a client . give I five minute , ferret flick off the switch and start to clear away . the door fly open . ferret start , see fairburn and in one movement flick whole plate of bun behind the t.v. set . ferret ah Mr. fairbun . continued : 26 contd . fatrburn fairburn . ferret fairburn , yes , yes , my client just leave unexpectedly by the back ... escape , . ferret switch t.v. set off , ferret ( cont would . ) we be do market research about people watch cricket on the t.v. yes ... so do sit down mx. creambun ++. fairburn ! throw that old file somewhere , fairburn sit down , rimmer stand behind he . a long menace silence . ferret laugh wildly . fairburn what be you laugh at ferret ? ferret just er ... nothing .... I be try to break the ice . fairburn I have be look into the annual account ... ferret ah yes , well about the deficit ... fatrburn I be come to that . ferret ah ... you be come to that . ferret flick the intercom . he 's come to that . fairburn you be fire . i continued : 18. 26 contd . 2. ferret how about that , well I must be off then . fairburn one moment ferret : about the deficit . ferret flick intercom . ferret he 's come to that . fairburn it 's enormous . ferret so it be ... huge ... well . ferret rise to leave . rimmer £ 75,000 , sir . fairburn £ 75,000 , it amount to criminal negligence . ferret £ 75,000 ... that igs a lot ( try to leave ) fairburn you owe I a lot of money ferret ! and you will remain with this firm work very hard in a menial capacity for a pittance until such time as I decide you have work off you debt . otherwise it will be p.r.1i.s.0.n . ferret ah , prison . continued : 26 27 28 29 19 . contd , 3 . as rimmer and fairburn leave . ferret good think . int . corridor . day . 27 fairburn bang the office door . fairburn I should put ferret in charge of clean ; he can not do much damage there . a tremendous crash come from ferret 's office as cupboard fall over , int , ferret' office , day , 28 ferret be trap under cupboard , rimmer ( look in on ferret ) I be sorry about all that unpleasantness 's + why do gat you take the afternoon off . int . ferret' home . day . 29 mrs . ferret what do you mean by come home at this hour ? ferret what hour ? mrs , ferret two o'clock in the afternoon . ferret anyway I be home early for a change . continued : 39 30 a 20 , contd , mrs . ferret have you be fire ? ferret fire ? ha ha , fire ??? ha , ha , ha , near to it . I mean far from it . int . rimmer' office . day . 30 tanya show fromage and waring into rimmer 's office . rimmer at he desk . rimmer ah Mr. waring , Mr. fromage , do sit down . I have the result of we survey into why the sale of olde English humbug be decline . waring you can be frank with we ... what do it show ? rimmer the consumer strongly dislike the taste of you product , furthermore it 's extreme hardness make it almost impossible to eat . fromage that 's very true . waring nobody know that better than we . rimmer but I thiak it might be possible to make a virtue out of this fault with the right kind of campaign . int . mint commercial . night . 30 a the screen show a very sexy girl , lie obviously naked under a sheet on a large double bed ; she be toss and turn restlessly . continued : 30a 30 B al . contd , v.a , what 's keep he ? why do not he come , suddenly she remember she tube of scorpios , she reach for she bag on the bedside table , unzip it and langorously withdraw a silver tube , she caress the top and squeeze out a mint which she place sensuously in she mouth ; she begin to chew , a look of mount excitement on she face . v.0 . the refresh hardness tingles on she tongue ; she do not need he any more . v.o. choir singing , Scorpio , the mint that linger longer in the mouth . she be now obviously satisfied . v.0 . enjoy yourself , with a Scorpio . int . briefing room . day . 30 B the light come up . fromage and waring be impressed and randy , fromage good God ! be that we old humbug ! enter ferret with tray . ferret here 's the coffze you ask for , sir . rimmer it be tea , ferret . ferret 4h tea be it ? well I think there may be some tea in it . continued : 30 B 31 22 . gontd , ferret reach the safety of the door . ferret how about ' sailor enjoy a olde English humbug of a evening .! int , tanya's office , day . 31 tanya ( into intercom ) yes , Mr. rimmer ... of course , Mr. rimmer se . tight away , Mr. rimmer , yes , ferret be clean out the basement . int . corridor . day . 32 rimmer show buffery out of office . rimmer thank you , Mr. buffery , I be glad we have be able to sort thing out . buffery well , I must say thing seem to have improve . ( sighting ferret in corridor , cover in dust and carry a broom ) he 's not still here be he ? rimmer well we try to temper business with humanity . he 's in charge of the tea now . buffery ah , oh , I think it taste odd . ferret who have be walk down the corridor find himself near buffery whom he recognise with a jump . ferret oh , Mr. bifferty ! continued : 34 35 36 37 38 24 . contd . crodder in my sexual habit ? I do not want people ... rimmer in yours and everybody else . I think a honest and extremely detailed investigation of this kind be the quick way of get we on to the front page . ext . crodder at door , day . crodder Excuse I we be conduct a poll into the sex habit of the british . mrs . spimm come on in . int . lower middle CLASS lounge . day . man how many time a week . you be joke . the last time be Tuesday , the third of June , 1953 , it be the coronation that get she go . ext , dirty canal , day . frogman under water . pumer lean down and tap on he maskand point at list , frogman mouth ' fuck off ' through visor , pumer look puzzle . int . sleazy room . day . tart clear away some whip , continued = 35 36 37 38 38 39 25 . contd . tart +++ it 's quite enjoyable work but this be not really my profession . I regard it as a step stone to show business . she open cupboard and see mandeville in chain hang upside down . he be also wear a restrictive mask . tart oh , Mr. mandeville , I would forget all about you . the tart take off the mask . mandeville it 's a pleasure . int . fairburn build . day . 39 feverish activity as rimmer walk through office ; add machine whirr and fact be correlate . the worker be goggle somewhat at the result . crodder five time a hour ! federmann why be it always in Latin ? continued : 39 40 41 26 . contd . pumer I think that one be a cough mixture . scene deleted . 40 int . ferret' house . day . 4l ferret at breakfast table read the Daily News sex poll newspaper . headline read " sex and the british . yes , it 's Randy Britain . you have never have it so often . " mrs . ferret I think it 's disgusting , shove sex down people 's throat at the breakfast table . mrs . ferret be dusting feverishly . ferret it 's only a poll dear . ferret well if you spend a little less time read about sex and a bit more time do something about it . ferret ido ... mrs . ferret be startle . ferret that be I do not ... anyway I be read about the pound ... its on the floor again ... well I must be off to work «+ . I have get this new sweeping power see @© '' 4 . sweeping new power . mrs . ferret look out of window and see they car have a " for sale '' notice on the windscreen . mrs . ferret they have cut down you wage , have not they ? ferret cut they down ? cut they up more likely . continued : 27 , 41 contd . mrs , ferret then why 's the car for sale ? ferret it be not , where ? mrs , ferret point out of window . ferret oh that ? that 's a mistake ... one of rimmer 's cock up . it should read for ale : its a new beer we be advertising . for ale make you hearty and hale . mrs , ferret I have never hear of it . ferret you never may ... very hush hush . ferret tuck paper under he arm and rush out . 42 int , television studio . night . 42 the steven hench show be in progress . a studio audience . hench be seat between michael rimmer and peter niss of International opinion poll . percy edward have just complete he bird imitation , percy good night . tu whit tu wu . the audience applaud . hench smile and clap ; then very serious into camera , hencr do grocer indulge in sexual intercourse twice as often as butcher ? ts doncaster the wife swapping capital of Britain ? bo money and sexual inventiveness go hand in hand ? ( more ) continued : 42 contd . 28 , hench ( cont would . ) a sensational poll this morning purport to give the answer . I have with I Mr. Michael rimmer of fairburn poll and Peter niss of the rival International opinion poll . I have the feel Mr. rimmer .. , rimmer congratulation . the studio audience laugh . hench I get the impression that you conduct this survey because you feel that this kind of scientifically disguise smut would get you firm maximum puhlicity , rimmer could you tell I why you have invite I on the programme ? hench to find out you real motive for publishing the poll . rimmer and to talk about sex . niss do let try not to be frivolous . rimmer sex may be frivolous to you Mr. niss ... but its not for I ... or for that matter , the vast majority of people in this country , niss but do we really want to know how many time a week and how satisfactory the result . continued : 42 29 , contd . rimmer ~* yes I do ... I think everybody 's interested ... niss well it 's not the sort of poll that we could conduct at i.0.p . rimmer I think , that 's a pity because the more we know about what people really feel and want , the better . this be the only way we be go to be able to adapt we society to fit its real need . I think poll be only beginning . hench now let see how we audience feel . hench take hand mike and go into audience . he approach a man who obviously do not want to talk , hide he face behind he hand . hench you sir ... what do you think about publicise people 's personal sexual habit . the man still hide shake he head and try to wave hench away . hench ah you seem to disapprove ... wonder if you wife agree . hench turn to woman next to he . woman ( stage whisper ) I be not he wife .ss go away . woman push hench away . '' 43 30 . int , another angle televiston studio . night . 43 Group walk away from the set include rimmer , niss and hench , all leugh about the incident with the husband and non- wife on the programme . niss and you know they be not marry ? hench yes ...ha , ha , ha ... poor sod . niss what you might call a moment of real television . a commissionaire arrive with a ' pbone . commiss ionatre call for you , Mr. rimmer . rimmer who be it ? commiss ionaire say he 's the Bishop of cowley , sir . rimmer hello you Grace . while he speak to the bishop , hench and niss mutter inappropriate remark such as ... ask he how he bishoprick be ?' and ' do he believe in sex after death 's . rimmer thank you ... I be glad you enjoy it ... how very sweet of you ... next week 's a bit tricky .. right , breakfast 8 o'clock at the zoo . he put the phone down and rub hand together . rimmer fiddledeedee and away we go . hench I would better go and look after percy , he look a bit broody . continued : 31 . 43 contd , hench go to chat to percy edward in another corner of the -_ room , rimmer take out cheque book and write , rimmer Peter , I do just happen to jot down a few reason why you might like to leave i.0.p. and come over to fairburn . rimmer hand over a cheque that niss peruse . niss 4h ... well , it 's very well put ... t especially like the nought ... 44 int , rimmer' office . day . 44 rimmer and niss loung about with foot on desk in new smarter office . carpet on floor . rimmer tf i.0.p. have do a sex poll Peter , what size of sample would you have take ? niss no more than a thousand . rimmer I suppose if one of 1.0. p 's poll could be show to be wildly inaccurate it might divert a little custom we way . niss true . 45 int . briefing room . day . 45 Group of fieldworker , include pumer , crodder , federmann listen to rimmer , rimmer in you folder along with you £ 25 , bonus , you have detailed instruction -~ and the photograph of twenty man . this twenty man be conduct a survey of religious attitude , for ( more ) continued : 45 46 32 . contd . rimmer ( cont would . ) International opinion poll . on . Wednesday , tomorrow , they will be in nuneaton . so will you . light please ! that of you with ' Group one ' on you sheet will go immediately to the corner of High Street and cloister Road where you will see this man . rimmer point at screen with pointer as a naked lady be flashed on the screen , rimmer ferret ! there be a strangle cry of " sorry " from ferret . the screen go blank . crodder fall to floor . rimmer what 's the matter with crodder ? pumer I be afraid the sex survey rather take it out of he . the right picture of the 1.0.p. interviewer be flashed on to screen . rimmer ( v.c. ) this man . ext . nuneaton . day . 46 the picture come to life . Voice over continue . rimmer ( v.0 . ) when he question you , you will give the answer supply , on you sheet . a bus draw up further down the street and pumer lead the fieldworker towards the pollster . continued : 46 33 . contd , pumer . Group one , this way ! walk naturally , he demonstrate badly , lead the group he run towards the interviewer , suddenly they slow and move aimlessly as interviewer half turn to they . ' two break from the crowd and go to a shop . one stand before a car proprietorially , Three of they start a conversation next to the interviewer . the other stare fixedly in @ shop window . one look fer a non existent dog . one tie he shoelace interminably . one take he cap off and beg . pumer himself , nonchalant and look round motivelessly , walk towards interviewer and into bus stop stand , pumer ah wa . int . eh ah ! pumer I ...i... walk into this bless bus stop . int . oh . interviewer smile and turn to consult board , pumer eh , yes , I walk into this bus stop . : int . be you alright ? pumer oh yes ! fit as a fiddle . like to keep myself fir , plenty of exercise , one would say that be my religion . pumer make meaningful leok at the word ' religion 's , 34 . contd , 2 . int . really , interviewer continue ignore pumer , pumer I , I , I really want to ask you waht the time be . int . oh , it 's almost quarter past nine . pumer oh , thank you . I be say to my wife while we be praying this morning oh , pumer interviewer have move away from he and go to man stand by car , int . Excuse I sir , we be do survey of people 's religious attitude and habit and would very much value you opinion . federmann oh yes , yes , certainly . int . what religion be you ? federmann I be a Buddhist . int . see a Buddhist ... I see . be you a practise Buddhist ? federmann yes , continued : 46 contd . 3 . Real owner of car appear . car owner Excuse I ! he drive off to puzzle look from interviewer . int . how long have you be a Buddhist ? federmann all my life . interviewer turn to select another interviewee . crodder be stare into a shop window . int . Excuse I , sir . we be conduct a relig ... crodder I be a Buddhist ? int . you be a Buddhist ? crodder yes , there be a lot of we in nuneaton you know . pumer return and accost the interviewer . pumer would you mind tell I the time again ? int . oh , not at all , 9,16 . pumer ohi because I be go to meet my religious brother ... continued : of with contd . 4 , interviewer turn to tanya , int . gould you tell I you religion , madan . tanya ( sexily ) I be Church of England . int . have you always be c. of e.? tanya no , only since I inarried . int . and before that you be ... tanya and interviewer ( siomltaneously ) a Buddhist . pumer hover near again . int , ( to pumer ) will you please stop ask I the time . int . t.v. studio . nicht . 47 newsreader at desk , back projection screen show picture of nuneaton . continued : 47 48 37 . contd , newsreader there have be a strong reaction in nuneaton to the poll publish today by i.0.p. show that 42 % of the population of nuneaton be practise buddhist , 22 % mohammedan , only 11 % Church of England , and that 9 % be Worshipper of the great White Ram . ext . nuneaton , day , 48 gerald pringle on film with stick mike stare into camera , pringle this astonish result have raise strong feeling among the god-fear people of nuneaton . the man in the street be shocked and bewilder . caption read " Gerald pringle 's , man it be shocked and bewilder , Gerald , bewilder and shocked . vicar ( gently ) in this ecumenical time I be not say Buddhism be a bad thing , but be . it a good thing ? it 's possible to approach God in many different way but there 's no need to be silly about it , pringle from the angry street of nuneaton , good night . 49 50 31 38 . int . t.v. studio . night . 49 . newsreader the leader of the opposition , in a speech at beccles soundly condemn the government over this incident , int . womens ' conservative lunch . day . 50 tom hutchison , leader of opposition , on film , hutchison in we manifesto at the last election we point out in no uncertain term the danger of opinion poll firm operate without proper control . if I may quote " there be many other field in which the tory Party might not hesitate to take actien '' ( hear , hear ) ( dear , bear ) ext . visual roof . day . 51 hench and rimmer be filmedty t.v. camera crew and director walk backwards on the roof . niss be watch the scene . hench Mr. rimmer , do not this result clearly demonstrate that we have place rather too much trust in opinion poll ? rimmer not at all , although I think it do raise doubt about the sampi method of i.0.p , hench but why should we beliere that you method ave anv wear teliable ? continued : 51 ~~ - of ~ 52 53 & 54 39 . contd , rimmer . I just want to be judge by result , Steven . take the forthcoming bye - election at lymholt ... I be prepare to guarantee that we forecast will be within 1 % . director cut . cut it . marvellous . very visual . very visual . the crew disperse to cry of ' it 's a wrap 's . niss you bloody idiot , how can you guarantee 1 % rimmer we will ask everybody . ext . lymholt station . day . 52 a train arrive and about ene hundred people get eff carry clip board . ext . suburban street . day . 53 interviewer knock on door , ext . high shot of street . day . 54 crodder stand at door of house . door open . crodder Mrs. spimm , we be conduct a survey into people 's voting intention , mrs . spimm ( same woman as in sex poll ) oh helle again , come on in . 40 , 55 ext . lymholt town hall . night . 55 there be gerald pringle and now here be the returning Officer , alderman poot to announce the result . the fairburn opinion poll have predict a Conservative victory by 4.1 % . only three or four people there . poot ( clear he throat ) lady ( cough again ) and gentleman , could I have quiet please . I must have quiet for the official announcement . there be very little noise anyway . stifled shout of " Drop dead ! " from one member of the crowd . poot ( cont would . ) order ... order ... order ... please . Upper class shout from crowd . " oh ! get on with it , you awful little man " , poot quiet , I must have quiet for the official announcement . ( silence reign ) ( cough ) as the official returning Officer for this constituency , the constituency of lytholt ( shout from the crowd ' surprise ' ) tl be afraid I must ask for official silence for the absolute ( cough ) absolute silence for this official ammouncement . , as the official returning Officer for the constituency of lymholt , I shall now announce the official result of the bye-election in this constituency .. of lymholt , ( groan from the crowd ) continued : 41 . 55 contd . poot * edith melon . pringle ( in quiet voice ) liberal , poot 3,212 . Kevin parrot , pringle Labour . poot 12,791 . pringle that 's down , end it be possibly a low poll . poot Colonel Richard pryor -grafton . pringle Conservative . poot 14,008 . pringle eee well ... the conservative in aoe by 4.1 % . a tremendous triumph for fairburn poll ... and of course the conservative . there be mild clap . 56 ext . london zoo area . day . 56 chauffeur stand by roll royce , bentley , etc. , park in street . hutchison and bishop of cowley draw up . the bishop 's roll tow a mobile chapel . continued : 56 57 42 . contd . hutchison good morning you Grace ... I like the er ys. ( point to roll royce ) bishop ah yes ... well , if you can not bring people to the Church , bring the Church to the people . ext / int . london 200 , mappin terrace . day . hutchison and the bishop be ushere on to the terrace by ferret in waiter 's costume , a buffet breakfast be under way ; champagne , and orange juice , kedgeree , kidney , bacon , etc. , under silver dome . a assortment of London luminary be there and niss , tanya , hugh wilting , etc . rimmer circulate with plenty of ' gorgeous , Super to see you 's . ' photographer circulate , rimmer ( to celebrity ) that 's absolutely fascinating . ( see hutchison and the bishop come in ) Excuse I ... super talk to you . he go over and greet they . rimmer hello ... so glad you could come . Champagne all right . food 's over there ... hutchison you seem to have get the whole of London here ... rimmer just a few friend . bishop I think breakfast be such a good idea . hutchison go off in search of food . continued : 57 57 contd . 43 . bishop have you , manage to find time for we little survey ? rimmer yes , I think we have put we finger on the reason for you decline attendance . bishop we have try everything you know , pop group , bingo , hallucinogen in the wafer ... Son et lumiere in the graveyard ... ( gesture at clothes ) see and all this old costume be a bit old hat for the seventies , rimmer that 's all gorgeous but there 's one basic stumbling block . bishop what be it ; what 's keep they away ? rimmer God . bishop I have a nasty suspicion it be that . rimmer 73 % find it hard to believe in he . bishop well I do think that doubt be a terribly important part of belief . you mean if we phase out the God side of the worship we would get better audience ? rimmer it 's worth explore ... excuse I . rimmer move off . bishop yes ... a sort of ' we Father which * ' might be in heaven 's ... continued : 57 44 , contd , 2. fairburn delicious kedgeree . . fairburn turn to tank and point at highly coloured fish . fairburn ferret . I will have one of that . rimmer be talk to niss , rimmer Super of you to come . niss anything for a laugh . niss hand over a dossier to rimmer . rimmer gorgeous . thank you . ... I will have a word with hutchison now , I think , hutchison be the only man not engage in active conversation . rimmer pass bishop who be be order around by photo - grapher to cry of ' hold the loaf up 's , ' look zany , Bishop 's ' great ' . rimmer sorry to neglect you , Tom . hutchison ( smile ) I must congratulate you on that lymholt prediction of yours . rimmer thank you . hutchison I understand you have be conduct a survey into the relative merit of the Prime Minister and myself . continued : 45 . 57 contd . 3 . rimmer yes ... very interesting conclusion . 57a int . london zoo / elephant house . day . 57a rimmer hand the dossier over to hutchison ; he read it slowly and the elephant yawn . hutchison vapid ... oh dear ... cold , tedious , uninspire . rimmer it 's not so good over the page . hutchison turn over page . hutchison well , it 's all very well be warm and lovable , what this country need be tough think at the top . rimmer I could not agree more . tanya approach . tanya Excuse I , sir , the Prime Minister 's on the phone . hutchison look dismay . rimmer tell he I will ring he back . rimmer and hutchison walk round the elephant House . hutchison you know , rimmer , this survey of yours be not go to make my position at the party conference any easier . there have be a lot of rumbling you know . continued ; '' 46 , 57a contd , rimmer but if the survey publish only the more positive aspect of you leadership ... hutchison ah , yes , well , um ... have you ever think of take up politics ? we need dynamic young blood in the party . rimmer be there any seat available ? 57b ext . london zoo , mappin terrace . day . hutchison to the right man there be always seat available . Old Eric bentley be think of retire . rimmer well , I would be extremely interested . hutchison of course , it all rather depend on what happen at the Conference . rimmer I think I can help you there , Tom . ferret be in the fish tank try to catch a fish for fairburn , 58 int , gymnasium , day . 58 hutchison be be coach in public speak . he stand on stage while rimmer and niss be in different part of the gym . hutchison and the first priority must be that of trade union reform . continued : 58 contd . hutchison hutchison 47 . rimmer ( shouting from Gallery ) what about unemployment ? make grand gesture to the Gallery . rimmer that 's good . keep the turn . now ... again , what about unemployment ? hutchison ( make 'his turn ' and read from script ) do not talk to I about unemployment young man . I be unemployed before you be bear . my memory of thcse terrible day in the thirty still bring tear to my eye . niss now . attempt to weep produce handkerchief . rimmer we can fix the tear . do not worry . next heckle . ( glance at sheet ) ( sing Red flag ) «.. we will keep the Red flag fly here . rimmer and niss sing the Red flag - alternate line . hutchison thank you for that charming rendition , but I do not think the group be ready to record yet . rimmer and niss clap and do force hearty laugh . hutchison do terrible emile . niss lose the smile . hutchison and I would remind we young vocalist of the leave that red be also the colour of blood , blood that be shed in ( more ) continued : 58 59 contd . 2 . 48 , hutchison ( cont would . ) hungary and Czechoslovakia by the Russian oppressor . rimmer appleuse , applause , applause , very good , Tom . ext . university . 59 niss be walk through sport grounds with ranjit ' k ' , a student leader . student can be see practise rioting technique such as ; throw marble under horse 's hoof . throw stone at knock down fairground cut~out policeman . strike people with peace sign . small group be lecture . one group shouting " fascist pig " at pig with swastika on it , lead by U.S. Student . Signs such as ' che life ' , etc . niss and how do you persuade the authority to establish a faculty of apply violence ? ranjit X direct action ... its the only way ... with the minimum of non-violence . ( to student ) U.S. plus napalm equal what ? U.S. student fascism , Ranjit . ranjit X first class Gary ... now as I understand it , you guarantee maximum tv and press coverage , travel expense and a bonus for speak part . niss ( handing over sheaf of paper ) and of course you usual personal appearance fee . ranjit X do not let talk about bourgeois thing like money please ... speak to my agent spout ite ( more ) continued : 49 . 59 contd , . ranjit X ( cont would . ) ( shout at student lie passively on ground ) get up ! none of that old ghandi rubbish , get up and hit someone ! oh che , forgive they for they know not what they do . they have now reach podium , ranjit X ( cont would . could you all come over here please ... would the group sing " we shall not be move " move over here at the double please ... fellow student ... next week the Conservative Party be hold its annual conference ... 60 int . conservative conference hall . 60 hutchison and rimmer who be about to mount podium . rimmer hold on to the handkerchief ... and no smile . hutchison I have never feel less like smile in my life . ranjit X organise heckler . Chairman stand up . chairman lady and gentleman , the next Prime Minister of great Britain , the leader of the Conservative Party , Tom hutchison . mild applause . hutchison stand up . cut to heckler prepare missile . hutchison lady and gentleman ( tomato and egg begin to rain on he ) lady and gentleman , continued : 60 50 . contd , there be mount uproar , Chairman leap to foot . . chairman order ! order ! order ! cut to strong arm man move toward heckler , who have begin sing the Red flag . ranjit X be throw bodily out of the door and down the stair . hutchison no , no I would ask the usher not to eject we friend of the leave , the Conservative Party believe in the freedom of speech , I wish they do ! a good round of applause as the noise die down , we still hear people sing the Red flag . it die out . hutchison thank you for that charming rendition , but I do not think the group be ready to record yet ! and I would remind we young vocalist of the leave that red be also the colour of blood , blood that be shed in hungary and Czechoslovakia by the Russian oppressor . a very big round of applause and cheer . cut to rimmer sit in audience with niss . rimmer go very well . hutchison and now if I may turn to economic matter ... a very old woman get to she foot . old woman what about the old age pension ? at this moment hutchison make " he turn ' to the gallery . the old woman be in the body of the hall . rimmer ( alarmed ) that 's not in the script . old woman what about the old age pension ? continued : 60 51 . contd , 2 , hutchison do not talk to I about unemployment young man . I be unemployed before you be bear . ( sensation ) audience . what ? what ? what ? hutchison my memory of that terrible day in the thirty still bring tear to my eye , he immediately raise handkerchief to he eye . we see a bottle inside the handkerchief . he dab eye with it . tear appear . he then place handkerchief in front of he and continue with difficulty . and I and the whole of the Conservative Party be strong commit and I emphasise this ... he thump table but hit handkerchief and shatter bottle of tear inducer . the fume quickly spread to the other minister who begin weep . we be commit to a policy of full employment ... ( sobbing ) lower taxation ... social justice ... and ... and I be sorry . all the minister be in tear now and it be beginning to affect the front row of the audience . hutchison and ... and ... rimmer he can not read the note ... start the applause . niss rise to foot and start applaud . rimmer 7 minute , pass it along . the word " 7 minute " be pass along the row of delegate : intercut ... shot of weep minister . 52 . 61 int , mobile studio on pier . day . 61 ~~ hench . amidst amazing scene at the Conservative Party Conference this afternoon , the leader of the opposition be accord a unprecedented seven minute ovation . Mr. hutchison you position as leader must now be completely secure . how do you feel about the violent heckling that punctuate you speech ? hutchison ( pink eye ) I be not say the Labour Party be '' responsible for this disgraceful episode but I will say this . it certainly seem to be organised . 62 ext . pier . day . 62 mn hutchison , rimmer and niss emerge from caravan grin . they walk through a barrage of photographer then along pier . rimmer so far so good . hutchison S what be the next move , Michael ? rimmer well at the moment I have get my personal life to consider . amaze reaction from niss . rimmer I be think of get marry . hutchison ~ congratulation Michael . continued : contd , rimmer I think a m.p. need a wife , at he side . hutchison quite right . niss who be it ? rimmer that I be not sure of yet . Peter , have you get the result of that poll ? niss yes . Queen number one as usual ... he hand over folder with photograph attach . rimmer read , rimmer number two , second most popular girl in Britain , Pat cartwright ... the show jumper ... hum ... good . niss Love at first sight . rimmer pretty girl be not she ? niss you romantic fool you . ext . PAT cartwright's house . day . 63 rimmer arrive in Jensen director . tanya be work in the secretary 's seat . horse training corral of large English country house . PAT cartwright be riding round on a stallion . rimmer call out and she ride over and dismount . W hear end of short conversation . PAT would you like to come in and have a drink . my parent would love to meet you . continued : 63 64 65 54 . contd . rimmer gorgeous , but I have get to dash to see the Prime Minister - what about dinner ? ext . no . 10 downing STREET . day . 64 rimmer arrive in sport car , and park it conspicuously badly . he walk to the door of no. 10 . int . no . 10 downing STREET . 65 blacket , the Prime Minister be read prediction and lay out he taro card . blacket hello , Michael , nice of you to come . rimmer it 's a pleasure , Prime Minister . blacret tell I Michael ... have you ever think of go into politics ? we be always on the look out for fresh blood ... and there be one or two seat available . rimmer I have never really think of myself as a socialist . blacket I do not see why that should be a impediment ; we be not bound by dogma , think it over ... the offer 's there ... now then my spy tell I ... not literally of course ( switch on conceal tape recorder ) that you firm have be investigate the reason for the slight decline in the popularity of my government . continued : 65 contd . rimmer I be afraid it 's you sir , blacket but you poll have always show I as more popular than the government as a whole . rimmer exactly , the public have not be see enough of you : you have be off we tv screen for quite a while now . blacket well I try to give the impression that we work as a team . rimmer but every team need a leader . blacket true ... so you think a little more exposure on the silvery tube ... rimmer the more the better . , 66 int . drawing room , rimmer' house , night . 66 blacket be talk on t.v. rimmer and PAT be watch . blacket a lot have happen since 10 o'clock this morning , so I think it be about time we have another of we little fireside chat . rimmer never see a man dig he own grave before . PAT oh , turn he off Michael . continued : 66 a '' ao 6 ? & 68 69 56 . contd . rimmer switch he off with remote control device . he press another button and soft music come up and the light dim gently . rimmer nuzzle she neck and with mock sincerity say : rimmer I must tell you how much I have admire you seat ... it 's be a inspiration to I . kiss , kiss . he start on she button . PAT no ... stop it ... we must not ... rimmer cnee do not count as break training . PAT but I have get the Olympic heat tomorrow . rimmer I have get the Olympic heat tonight ... ext . sport . day . 67 Music mount to climax and we see brief shot of Olympic flame be kirdle . follow by several sexually allusive shot . pole lock into socket ; diver into water ; a baton slowly change hand ; hammer thrower ; javelin ; sexual horse jump shot ; end with Olympic flame slowly go out . int . bedroom , rimmer' house . night . 68 PAT and rimmer in bed . she be dreamily sate . PAT I think I have achieve a new personal best . int . ferret house . day . 69 ferret be watch grandstand on t.v. beside he be continued : 69 70 57 . contd . a bottle of beer with a obviously hand paint label read " for ale " . most of the furniture have go . t.v. commentator . the surprise upsat at the White City be the defeat of Olympic champion Pat cartwright who trail in a very tired fifth ; she complain afterwards of stomach cramp . mrs . ferret enter and see ferret on knee by screen peer at show jump . he spring back to the one remain chair . mrs . ferret switch off t.v. mrs . ferret where 's it all go ? ferret what ? where 's what all go ? mrs , ferret the furniture . ferret ah that ... yes well while you be out it start get a bit shaky so I popped it into the furniture shop to have it repawn ... repair ... : he lean back with casual air . I rather like it like this ... great feel of space . Care for a glass of for ? ext . t.v. studio . day . 70 blacket 's humber drive up and he get out . the doorman open the door for he , doorman Nice to see you again so soon , sir . you know the way I imagine . continued : 70 71 wa will contd . blacret | oh , ho , ho , yes . doorman we think of building you a flat upstairs , sir . blacket oh , no , no , very amusing ... because I be here so often you mean ? ha , ha , ha . ( to himself as he go through door ) bloody capricorn . have a word with Charlie about he . a little regional unemployment I think . ha , ha , ha . ext . lovely lawns of sir eric bentley' country seat . 71 in the drive a number of bentley 's car include land - rover and ' support rhodesia 's and ' save the spofforth 's sign . croquet be in progress . sir eric bentley , rimmer , hutchison , spot , sir eric' nephew , lady vanya , bentley , niss , bishop and mandeville . PAT be riding nearby . hutchison walk up with mandeville . hutchison Michael , have you meet my dear friend teddy mandeville , chancellor of the exchequer any moment now , eh teddy ! rimmer how nice to meet you in the flesh , sir . mandeville my pleasure . hutchison you blacket idea be work very well , spot even we gardener 's sick of he . I mean he 's never off the box . continued rimmer I hope he do not die of over - exposure . spot ( whinny with laughter ) such a ghastly little man . Upper classwhinny of agreement . rimmer he 's a big help but you know what 's go to decide the election . the race issue . we have get to be tougher with immigrant . hutchison I do not see how we can go any further than the Labour Party . we can not let in less than zero . spot we could let a few out ... I mean uncle Eric have this ... super idea about a boat race ... £ 5,000 for the first West indian to row back to Jamaica ... then they would all sort of row off ... lady vanya ( call ) Spot ! you shot ? spot oh , my shot . ( leave tc hit he ball ) come , auntie vanya . rimmer as six Eric be retire in any case .. why do not you let he express he real view . continued : 71 72 73 contd . 2 . hutchison but the man 's a lunatic . ( look at bentley ) ah good shot Sir Eric . rimmer exactly ... he could make a grossly inflamatory speech ... you then sack he and emerge as a man of principle ... but the impression would still get about that we be tougher on immigration than Labour . rimmer call to niss , chat to PAT behind a tree , she horse graze nearby . rimmer Peter , if I could tear you away from my fiance for a moment , .. I would like ' you to ring up a few newspaper . blackcroquet ball be strike far , far away . ext . budleigh moor . night . 72 notice say " budleigh moor Conservative Association " . int . hall . night . 73 empty hall except for bentley 's wife sit at front with spot and many reporter and photographer cluster at back . sir eric bentley no one could accuse I of be a racialist . ( spot cackle ) ( sir eric glare ) but when I hear storey as well authenticate as this which I get from a very close friend of a constituent who have be talk to somebody in a pub who would hear from a extremely reliable source ( more ) 73 74 75 contd . sir eric bentley ( cont would . ) that a frail old lady of 92 have be : lock in a lavatory by a group of ten immigrant who proceed to poke at she with sharpen broomstick over a period of fourteen hour whilst they chant anti-white slogan and finally force she to use a newspaper photograph of Mr. enoch Powell in a way that I would rather not go into here ... when I hear storey like this I wonder " be we mad ? " to allow , in this country , frail old lady to be ruthlessly poke by black . lady bentley and spot clap . sir eric bentley now I be no racialist but ... ext . newspaper poster . day . 74 " Race uproar , bentley hit out . " int . hutchison be room , albany . day . 75 shadow Home Secretary hugh wilting be flap in front of hutchison . rimmer be also present . wilting have you read this filth ? hutchison yes , yes , I have , dreadful . dear oh dear ! wilting what be you go to do ? I can not be Home Secretary in a party that condone racialism , . continued : 75 76 ext . contd , hutchison a no hutchison do not worry Hugh . I shail act . I shall act . on matter of principle I be act the whole time , sit at he piano and tinkle away . RI rk six Eric 's announce he retirement tonight . hutchison and Michael be take over he seat at the General Election . wilting but that still leave the impression that we be a lot of racialist . hutchison yes , well of course I admire you integrity , Hugh ; but you must realise that we want to win this election and let 's face it this be not go to do we any harm . wilting it 's no good , I must speak out , rimmer I do not think Tom want another five year in opposition . cold pause . wilting I do not care . I will not be muzzle . STREET . night . 76 wilting be walk down badly light street when a large black man appear from alleyway . continued ; 76 77 contd . black hey , whitey . . wilting good evening . black you be trash man . ( hit wilting ) wilting but I be on you side , black continue to beat he up . black I get rhythm . wilting I understand you motive ( thump ) now let 's discuss this rationally . ( thump ) I would do the same if I be you . ( thump ) cool it , baby . ( knock out ) . int / ext . police station . day . 77 wilting be bandage and in wheel chair , be wheeled down corridor by police sergeant . they go through door into Police yard where a line of man , all white save he assailant . as wilting be wheeled down the line , all the suspect say the word " hello whitey " in vary accent . the black man 's accent be unmistakeable and very aggressive . wilting reach end of line . policeman well , sir ? wilting I could not swear to it ... but it might just possibly be the one in the green shirt . 78 79 80 64 . ext . church . day . 78 Post marriage rite ; everyone cheer as rimmer and PAT be about the get into car . PAT kiss she parent . PAT bye , mummy , bye daddy . niss kiss PAT . rimmer and PAT get into the car and drive off . niss ( wave gaily ) calculate sod ! int . car , day . 79 happy couple in back seat of car . PAT ( kissing rimmer ) right darling . now where 's this super secret surprise honeymoon ? rimmer ever hear of a little place call budleigh moor ? ext . country scene . day . 80 PAT and rimmer appear to be sit on a country stile hold hand . after a few second during which we think they have get away from it all , a battery of flash light go off and we see mass of photographer . as we pull back we see that they be on a platform with " budleigh moor ! banner , photographer once more , kiss , Mrs. rimmer ... look into he eye ... remember you be on honeymoon . just one more like that ... rimmer that will be enough gentleman . ig continued : & 80 81 82 83 6 on contd . PAT . ( to rimmer ) when be we go to get away from all this people . rimmer as soon as I get in darling . ext. / int . budleigh moor . day / night . 81 Split screen rapid montage of election canvass shot . with Simon and garfunkel type music . rimmer shaking hand , rimmer kissing baby . rimmer and PAT patting cow . newspaper headline read : '' tories edge four per cent ahead since race flare up " , rimmer and PAT have tea in grotty Cottage bravely drink appall tea . both in pub play dart . various american touch to the campaign . int . t.v , studio mare - up room , night . 82 p.m. sit in front of mirror , look at palm of he hand as sexy girl make he up . blacket deirdre , would you say my career line come to ab abrupt halt ? no need to put much on my face I have get most of it leave from this afternoon . just a few drop in the eye , get that lovable twinkle go ha , ha , ha and could you make the mouth a bit more generous please . int . rimmer workout room , PAT on rowing machine . niss°drinking . day . niss keeping fit ? PAT that 's about all there be for I to do . continued : 66 . 83 contd . PAT get off machine and lie down by niss 's foot and do bicycle exercise with she leg . niss I use to be pretty fit when I be in the army ... the only trouble be that it make I fantastically randy ... PAT oh it do . niss you must be pretty fit ... how 's marry life suite you ? PAT how should I know , I have hardly see he since the ceremony . niss but whet about all that lovely picture of you together in the papers . PAT that 's the only time we have be together when there 's a photographer around . niss I must say there be a calculate side to Michael which I find rather «+ '' do you actually know anything about hin ? where do he come from ? PAT he never talk about it to I ... just say he be find in the bulrush ( pause ) you can not stand he , can you ? continued : 84 67 . niss no , no , no , it 's not that ... but I do not like to see what he 's do to you . PAT what he 's not do to I . int , t.v. studio , night . 84 blacket in front of move back projection of country scene . he be smoking a pipe and miming a country walk on a move belt . the camera intercut between blacket on the screen and @ reverse shot of blacket with the autocue he be read and the b.p. clearly visible . blacket c.8 , autocue " warm smile " . he smile . good evening . when you vote next week I would like you to remember . , . C.S. autocue " compassionate sincerity " . that basically . you know friend , this election be not about money aud material thing ; it 's about morality . the labour Party be nothing if it be not a moral crusade . c.s , autocue " wry smile " , it 's hardly necessary to rewind you what we stand for . the Labour Party stand for ... well it stand for .. we see that the autocue have stick . as we all know the Labour Party stand for ... as I do not think I need remind you ...for ... it stand for ... I be not stand for any more of this ... ( more ) continued : 84 85 contd . 68. blacket ( cont would . ) . stop the camera ... get the bloody man off the autocue . floor manager ' ( stage whisper ) it 's live . blacket I know he 's alive ... but I be the Prime Minister not sooty . pull you finger out . floor manager ( come intc shot and whisper in blacket 's ear ) it 's a live broadcast , they can see you . blacket what ! oooh ! ha , ha , ha . oh dung ! blacket stop walk the belt continue and fling he through back projection screen , int . rimmer' workout room , day . 85 rimmer be wear dark goggle and sit under sunray lamp . hutchison appear steaming from the sauna room , hutchison hutchison well , Michael you have do a splendid job with blacket , rimmer it hope I can continue to do one . dip he toe into the pool and shiver . hutchison I have just be think about the composition of the government and I have be try to work out where you many talent would bear most fruit . continued : 85 contd , . . rimmer well , all my experience have be in financial matter , so I think chancellor of the exchequer . hutchison my dear Michael . you be not even a m.p. yet . I admire you directness and drive , but as you must know , mandeville will be in charge of the exchequer . rimmer of course , L have always believe that a man 's personal life be he own affair . hutchison what do you mean ? rimmer you have not hear anything then ? hutchison no ... what be there to hear ? rimmer well ... I hate to spread gossip ... and they be probably fake in any case . hutchison what be fake ? rimmer the photograph I be send . hutchison of mandeville . rimmer and friend . but even if they be real I do not see why they should affect he efficiency at the exchequer . continued : 85 86 87 contd . 2. hutchison . have you get ... this photograph with you ? rimmer sit up , take off he sungoggle and hand over a packet to hutchison , rimmer yes ... I think I would better hand they over to you and say no more about it . ( he do so ) God know where the negative be . c.u. photograph mandeville as in sc . 38 . mandeville hang upside down in cupboard . hutchison ( peer at they ) that 's not mandeville . rimmer the other way up . hutchison good God . the continental pig . resume sc. 85 , 87 he look at the rest of they , exclaim the while . hutchison who send you this ? rimmer it just say a friend . hutchison ( look at another ) geese , Christ ! I may have to reconsider . 88 89 90 71 . london STREET . day . 88 newsvendor Conservative shadow chancellor resign ; ill health give as reason ; surprise appointment of Michael rimmer ; see page nine for in - depth profile of tory whizz kid ; paper sir ? mandeville no thank you ; you have tell I all I want to know . int , rimmer' drawing room . night . 89 hutchison on t.v. screen . Card say : " a Party political broadcast on behalf of the Conservative Party . '' hutchison appear on screen . hutchison the next Conservative government will reduce income tax , purchase tax and increase Old Age pension : this I solemnly pledge . now to help you make up you mind here 's a chance to take another look at the alternative to a Conservative government . blacket appear on the screen in a re-run of the end of he disastrous broadcast . int . rimmer' flat . night . 90 niss and PAT be play scrabble and watch t.v. the blacket disaster be repeatedly re-run . niss switch sound down . niss that be a bloody good idea of Michael 's . the silent picture of blacket can be see in the background as they continue the game , lie down on the floor next to each other . the game be fairly well advanced , niss look at he letter . continued : 90 91 72 . contd . niss ah , yes . now what would be good now . ( place letter on board ) bed. B. E. D. bed. ( look meaningfully ) PAT that 's eight to you and I will make loyalty . ( place letter down ) niss oh , that 's a good word . Fifteen to you . now how can I use my * X '. ah , yas , I can get sex with the ' E ' of bed . PAT ah , I can add U ... a ... L oe five to I . niss ah , but you do not know what you have let yourself in for , I can use you loyalty to get sexuality . ( add letter it ) PAT well , all I can do be this . she put the letter ' N ' and ' o ' down on a vacant part of the board . niss but you can not do that , it 's not connect with anything . PAT oh yes it be . good night , Peter . ext , town , day . 91 poll Day . people ave walk into a poll Booth . 92 93 94 int . t.v. 73. studio . london . night . 92 hench stand in front of desk . aa Bank of t.¥ , monitor , and huge scoreboard show Conservative 0 , Labour 0 , liberal 0 , other 0 , and a enormous swingometer with the pointer at o. niss , schumann and other figure be also in the studio . hench good evening and welcome to Election grandstand . the first result should be come in quite soon from clitheroe this be Hugh wilting 's seat and traditionally the first constituency to complete the count , but first , with no result in let 's ask David schumann what he think of the situation . schumann ( a glaswegian ) frankly , Steven , ithink we have start the programme about a hour too early . hench ah , ha , ha , well let 's go over to freddie daring in clitheroe to see if there 's any news yet . int . counting area . clitheroe . night . 93 freddie daring stand above a mass of furious counter and teller . int . t.v. daring well , this lad have get a great reputation to maintain and they be absolutely determine to give we the first result . I have never see such fast hard count and we should have something to tell you in a few minute . studio , london , night . 94 rench thank you , Eddie , and now let 's have one more look at the state of the party . ( more ) continued : 94 95 96 contd . int . t.v. 74 , hench ( cont would ) that 's the position at the moment with no result in yet and now perhaps we could get a reaction from New York . so over there now by early Bird to Tom stoddart . studio . new york . night . 95 stoddart I be not you buddy , neither be I you mother ... appall people . ( he realise he be on the air ) ah yes , well , over here in New York we be all as they say over here ' doggone keen ' to hear the first result , hench' voice ( over stoddart 's picture - shouting ) so be we here in London , and we must go back up to clitheroe as I think they may have something for we . in the background , on t.v. , we see stoddart be mug . 96 int . stockhoim . t.v. studio . night , dr . lun here in stockholm we be extremely excited . hench ( v.0. shouting ) we do not want to talk to you at the moment , Dr. lun , if we could talk to you later . dr . lun oh , I want to tell you ... hench' voice and so over to freddie daring in clitheroe for the first result . 97 98 99 100 101 int . counting hall . clitheroe . night . 97 daring no , we do not have the result yet but in the close minute this lad be really go berserk , George winthrop , one of the most experience counter break a finger just now but he 's carry on . int . t.v. studio . london . night . 98 hench well , thank you freddie . well. still no resuit from clitheroe , hench look appealingly at niss and schumann . they both shake they head . hench in that case , let 's rejoin we good friend Dr. lun in stockholm , be you there Dr. lun ? int . stockholm t.v. studio . night , 99 there be a empty chair and a floor manager . floor manager he be gonna to the errr . ‘ee will be back . int , t.v , studio . london . night . 100 hench in that case we will go over to Paris where Pierre du bois be wait . ext . paris . night . 101 parisian cafe where pierre du bois be serve drink in waiter 's kit . hench bon soir , Pierre . continued = 101 102 103 104 76 . contd , . pierre bon soir . int . t.v. studio . london . night . 102 hench talk to monitor , hench Pierre du bois both the candidate at clitheroe be keen supporter of the common market , what 's the french reaction to this phenomenon . ext . paris . night , 103 pierre je comprend rien . moi j mag fou salud . service no compris . int . t.v. studio , london . night . 104 hench ah , well , I be not sure we have locate the right Pierre du bois . but while we be talk to Paris we do get the first result in , not from clitheroe but from beccles . and here it be . Card come up on screen . orville -gaspacho ( Conservative ) 27,001 . fogge ( Labour ) 10,744 . Conservative gain . hench a Conservative gain there well , let 's see what swing that be . over to magnus orbison on the swingometer , the swingometer register just under 20 % to the tories . hench Peter niss . niss that 's exactly the swing we predict at fairburn , but if repeat it will ive i jorit 65 . give a Conservative majori y of 2 seonrrnurp : 104 105 106 107 108 contd , . hench well , now the result be come in thick and fast , and here 's a interesting result . Michael rimmer have hold budleigh moor for the conservative with a greatly increase majority . ext . budleigh moor town hall . night . rimmer and PAT wave from balcony . rimmer it will not be long now darling . PAT tt have not be long for the last six week . int , ferret' bare live room . mr. and mrs , ferret be watch television . mrs . ferret he 's in , I know he would do it . ferret but only by 17,000 . int . t.v , studio . london . night . hench so with 435 result we have the nws that the Prime Minister haa concede defeat . int . no . 10 downing STREET . night . blacket kick in he t.v , set . 77 . 105 106 107 108 109 110 lil 78 . int . t.v. studio . night . 109 shot of conservative celebrate , on t.v. screen . score tick over . pleb run in and out of studio with bit of paper . clock now read six fifteen in morning . staff look dead . hench and now at six fifteen there 's only the clitheroe result to come in , and here it be , after three recount , Hugh wilting have retain he seat with a majority of only 5 , that 's over 18,000 down from the last election , due no doubt to he courageous stand on the race issue . now we leave election grandstand with a new Conservative government in office . so it 's my thanks to all we expert and good night . exhausted everyone straggle out of the studio , the light go out , leave a single monitor switch on , on which the patient figure of Dr. lun be still sit . lun hello . hello London . lung here . ext . cabinet group photograph . day . 110 stern face and resolve group . announcer ( v.0 . ) the p.m. be hold a emergency cabinet meeting at chequer to discuss what he describe as the very grave financial situation . ext . cabinet group . chequer . day . 11l start on champagne cork explode . pull back to cabinet minister eat strawberry . they be giggle and chortling " we win " . wilting , now recover save for tight arm in plaster - cast and sling ; hutchison , now p.m. , stop the giggle . continued : * 111 contd . all rise . rush from arrive . ~! so hutchison gentlemen , the chancellor will bring _ the exact figure , but I think unless we announce strong measure , there be a great danger of another run on the pound . snaggot oh , I wonder if you would excuse I for a moment . there 's a rather important call I have to make to my wife in Zurich , hutchison gentlemen , I must ask you as patriot and minister not to speculate against the pound , the table be halt as rimmer 's helicopter rimmer get out and come to table . rimmer sorry I be late . I want to make sure I have all the figure . hutchison good , well , we have just be discuss the appall mess leave to we by the Socialists . we have inherite a mess have not we , rimmer yes . hutchison good . Fine , rimmer all in all the financial situation could be describe as disastrous . continued : 111 contd . 2. 80 . hutchison catastrophic . snaggot hopeless be another good one . hutchison I think we be all agree to the nature of the problem . now Michael , what proposal do you have to deal with this ... crisis . all yes , crisis . rimmer well first of all I would reduce income tax , purchase tax , and increase Old Age pension . hutchison you must be mad . rimmer I think we have to fulfil we pre-election pledge . hutchison my dear Michael , nobody expect we to do that . ( hear , hear ) the normal thing be to say how staggered and horrify we all be and blame it on the last lot . I mean what be we gold reserve at the moment . 7 rimmer 2 % million . potter Jesus Christ . continued : 111 contd . 3. all hand 8l. . hutchison but seriously Michael ... what be you proposal , rimmer well , I have be have a word with we friend in Paris and bonn . wilting I do not know we have any friend in Paris 4d bonn . rimmer so while I be sorting thing out I suggest you sit tight and do nothing for a couple of week . hutchison good idea , will all that in favour of do nothing for two week raise one hand . go up save wilting 's who be incapacitate still . rimmer that 's all I have to say , gentleman , however , I do think we should give the impression of activity . hutchison what about a summit ? that would pass the time . rimmer very good ... and we should talk in term of keep we option open and so on . member of the cabinet murmur agreement as they drift off . bream a agonise reappraisal of the fiscal malaise . continued : 111 112 113 82 . contd , 4. snaggot cut out the red tape , potter rooting out the dead wood , wilting establish a think tank , snaggot bomb dresden . bream put out peace feeler . snaggot the only thing the Germans understand be a bomb on the head . ext . london airport . day . 112 hutchison surround by t.v. cameras and pressmen , he mount step to plane and wave . int . ministry of defence . day . 113 on projection screen , in conference room , we see film of all the latest military equipment , rocket , etc. with commentary over in Dick De keyser voice , famous Generals , colonel moffat , a anglo -scot , Air marshal , admiral and rimmer , on the wall various sign include ' be like dad , keep mum ' and ' careless talk cost life . 's v.0 . Britain 's defence have be be stronger . take a look at the unique british hover bomb which hover over the enemy issue instruction to surrender . if not show a white flag within 15 second it devastate 50 square mile . continued : 113 114 115 116 contd . 83. AIR marshal nobe I have never see that , be it one of your . v.0 . now feast you eye on the giant new caligula missile Computer program to home in on specific target , gen strike . i've never see that one , be that one of yours ? v.0 . and if that be not enough to strike fear into the heart cf we enemy , what about this jolly little fellow ; the navy 's nuclear - power Water weasel ... when it 's not annihilate we foe it 's hard at work gather fish . admiral crichton well , I have never see any of that . c.u. british flag , 114 all this and more make british defence the envy of the world . c.u. queen on horseback . 115 so for that who think that the british lion have lose its tooth , let they be warn that it can still give they a pretty nasty suck , another angle . ministry of defence , day . 116 General murmur of ' what ' ' preposterous ' rimmer and now , just step on to the terrace please gentleman . there be refreshment , continued : 116 117 84 , contd . rimmer lead they out of the room . . ext . model room . terrace . day . 117 a model countryside be set upon the terrace with model of all the weapon we have just see on film . Champagne and food be also on nearby table . service waiter to begin to serve the refreshment . military guard be at each end of the terrace . rimmer I think this answer you question , gentleman . atr marshal nobe but this be just model . rimmer and that 's all we need ; thanks to we film department we have the finest deterrent force in the world . mumur of " disgraceful ; shocking ; rebarbative !! " very good champagne 's . rimmer this will save we approximately a billion a yeaz , enable I to increase you own salaries by 100 % . general strike what ? admiral crichton twice as much willy . general strike " mum the word ' , mumur of approval . a few begin to play with the model . general and company look a little puzzle but rather please . continued : 119 120 121 122 86 , ext . porton down . day . 119 sign indicate that it be a germ warfare establishment . biological warfare Research Centre . another sign say ' open Day ' . various visitor be wander around . bus with " derby and Joan Club ' sign be park nearby . rimmer and colonel moffat with guide pass sign " to the streptococcatorium™ . int . streptococcatorium . 120 they pass look at old lady and man watch various audio-visual sideshow . mechanical voice if you look through the viewer , you will be able to see this powerful little ereasture , romping about in they natural environment , in this case a stoat 's lung . chorus of ' oooh !!* another mechanical voice there 's no cruelty involved here , and it be stress that no british dog be employ for experiment , wherever possible a human volunteer be use . old lady , chorus of ' oooh ' . delete . 121 int . maximum security block . day , 122 rimmer , moffat and guide enter . soldier with gun guard entrance and door of frigidaire . the room be full of " danger " sign and trays , box , etc. , of germ , all mark with warning sign . guide picka up a round dish with jelly in it : guide do you know , six , there 's enough elephantiasis in here to wipe out China ? think of it , six hundred ( more ) continued : 122 contd . 87 . . guide ( cont would . ) bload chink roll about the place . moffat we could have do with that in malaya . guide you have get to laugh , sir , you need a sense of humour in this place . rimmer where 's the Union jacalli ? guide over here , sir . guide go to the frigidaire , guard come to attention as guide take out a tray of aerosol with Union Jack marking . proudly , he place they on a bench . guide there she be , sir , the Union jacalli , we latest germ for peace ; and incidentally a big dollar earner . and have gain the Queen 's award for industry . rimmer and there 's no know antidote ? guide not as yet , sir ; it 's a extremely concentrate form of the common English cold . act in second - leave no trace . rimmer that 's the one for we , Colonel . colonel yes , sir . guide lovingly replace tray in frigidaire . continued : 122 123 124 82 . contd . 2 , guide . he 's a right little bugger this one ; once he 's in there , there 's no shifting he ... like a lager , sir ? int , U.S. president's office . day . 123 p.m. be nearer the head of the queue . int . spofforths regimental mess . guest night . night . 124 Long dining table laden with silver and regimental trophy ; wall cover with tatter fleg , and regimental standard in corner of room , the Guest night be in full swing . everybody be drunk except for rimmer , during the whole of the Proceedings , a sergeant piper walk round the table play . all the officer be present , wear mess kit and medal . we pan down the table hearing chance remark about the swiss and lot of military plan , with the salt cellar . major mathieson ( use salt cellar ) jamis 's lot come in here ... Charles be over here ... then we all sweep in and wipe they out . completely , capt , dunsmuir no survivor , major scott no survivor ? that 's a bit rough , I would better tell Mary right away . capt . dunsmuir no , sir . no survivor on they side . major scott 4h . that 's more like it , capt . dunsmuir simple ... effective ... and bloody good gun . ( they toast ) continued : 89 . 124 contd . lt , williamson pick up a canister of Union jacalli . lt . williamson ( muse to himself ) better master the machinery . know you weapon . how do this chap work ? Press firmly down with index finger . first ensure that all rank be wear gas mask . lt . williamson press the spray and pass out . we track down to another conversation . captain fraser the swiss have be ask for it . I mean what self respect nation can go for 500 year without a war . lt . stoppard the swiss . captain fraser exactly . lt . stoppard " nuff say . we reach moffat and rimmer . moffat ( barely control emotion ) you see people have lose the old value of honour ... and decency , rimmer courage ... comradeship . moffat I can not tell you how grateful I be Michael , for this chance to do some - thing for Britain . you see ordinary people in this country be sick and tired of be push around , continued : 124 125 126 127 128 contd . 2. rimmer . yes . moffat ( suddenly shouting ) sergeant major ! the piper stop play and stand behind the colonel . moffat stand up . all follow suit . moffat gentlemen . operation cuckoo !!? all operation cuckoo . God bless she , ( they all drink ) piper start play - music continue over next scene . ext , swiss snow clad mountain . day . 125 a peaceful scene . the scot music grow louder suddenly over & ridge , leap the ski-e spofforth in kilt , wear tartan gas mask . the spofforth officer be riding sno-mobile . ext , swiss snow cladd mountain . day . 126 close up shot of spofforths ' tartan gas mask , skis . they ski superbly down towards the valley . ext , gothic castle , a LA '' where eagle dare " , day . 127 the piping stop . silence . a drum roll . silence . a spate of sneezing and thud of body fall on concrete . ext./ int . castle courtyard . day . 128 Dead swiss guard litter the floor hold tatter handkerchief , in great disarray . 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 ol . int . castle gold vault . day . 129 spofforths be open gold vault door with resounding * clang . int , castle vault , 130 mound of shine gold bar . int . castle vault . 131 spofforths be load gold bar on to ski-trolleys . int . castle wall . 132 a spofforth be sprawling the word ' Viva El fatah 's . ext . swiss mountain slope . day . 133 to the sound of pipe the triumphant spofforths be tow uphill and away with the gold laden radrack . some spofforths still ride sno-mobile . int , U.S. president's office . day . 134 we see the p.m. be show into the office . door close . five second later the p.m. come out again , hutchison thank you , thank you . ( wave at President ) see you again soon . president's secretary , next . ext , london airport . night . 135 at bottom of aeroplane stair talk to tv and reporter , prime minister I would just like to say that my talk with the President be wide - range full and exhaustive . 136 137 ext , newspaper headline . day . 136 cut to newspaper whirling out with headline read " gold from the Sea 's ~ Dazzling prospect 's and ' North Sea gold . U.K. 0.k. ? ' Daily Mirror say ' bloody marvellous , there 's gold in they thar drill 's . newspaper vendor on street corner . newsvendor North sea gold find confirm ! read all about it ! the Bank of England this afternoon announce that a massive new find of gold believe to be worth at least thirty billion pound will enormously help to bolster Britain 's reserve position . mystery move in geneva as swiss government break off relation with Egypt . Paper , sir ? mandeville have you get the result of the 3.30 ? newsvendor kentucky lad 33 - 1 L. piggot up . Paper , sir ? mandeville no thank you . ext . rimmer . dredgeway rig in NORTH sea , 137 celebration scene . t.v. cameras . photographer be all cramme on to the rig which be surround by many small boat contain sightseer . helicopter fly above . on the rig be hutchison , rimmer , wilting , PAT , niss , moffat , other member of the cabinet and innumerable dignitary . cries from cameramen and newspaper men who be dominate the proceedings . audience be clap , spofforths pipe band be play . wilting have noticeable limp and carry a stick . hutchison and its my pleasure to show you the first ingot to be mine from we vast North Sea gold field . continued : 137 93 . contd . applause : ' congratulation 's ' well do , sir 's . he reach down to pick it up . rimmer I will give you a hand , sir . rimmer and wilting hand over ingot . hutchison it 's all right , Michael , Hugh I think its I they want . hutchison pick up the very heavy ingot . photographer clamour , . photographer could you hold it up , sir . a bit to the leave Prime Minister . look this way sir , a bit higher still , Prime Minister . in order to get they shot the photographer be advance on hutchison who grin and attempt to raise the ingot above he head . he be back gradually towards the edge of the rig . photographer above you head , sir , that 's right ... a bit higher if you can . like a weight -lifter , the strain huwchison finally raise the ingot above he head in triumph . he slip . rimmer go towards he . the weight of the gold cause hutchison to keel over backwards into the water . still cling to the gold he disappear from view . only bubbles remain . wilting lean over the edge . wilting let go of the gold sir , he be hold back from jump in , hutchison be go for ever . g4 . 138 int . t.v. studio . night . 138 hench with wilting , blacket and bishop of cowley . they be chat and drink and giggle . hench ha , ha , ha , I mean , I be quite fond of he , but what a stupid way to go , he , he . blacket talk about - float pound ... floor manager quiet studio , quiet . ten second , love . they all assume appropriate serious expression and hide drink . hench try to sober up . Music come up and hench be cue . behind they on the back projection screen be a picture of the p.m. fondle a goat . hench ( very serious ) tonight the country lie stunne by the tragic news of the death of the Prime Minister . a very slight snort from off camera be hear and hench break up just manage to convert it into a agonise expression of grief . hench message of sympathy have be pour in from all over the world . the Pope have condemn the senseless violence of we time . the President of the u.s.a. speak warmly of the man with whom he have recently spend so much time . here in the studio tonight ere three man , who know he well , first the Home Secretary , Hugh wilting , who be with he when he die . turn to wilting . continued : > 138 contd . '' 9 a . wilting . this be a black day ... or a darkish sort of day for Britain . bishop of cowley I think it ironic that a man who so love the sea should be , so to speak bitten by the mouth that drown he ... ( pause ) be it St. Paul or Cole porter who say ' we always hurt the one who love ug ' . but I be sure this fine man have find solace in heaven with almighty God if there be such a person . hench Mr. blacket you at time have be on somewhat acrimonious term with the late Prime Minister . blacket we have have we difference . hench on one occasion , indeed several occasion , you describe he as two - face weasel - eye git . blacket in the rough and tumble of parliamentary debate one often say thing that be easily misinterpreted . but there be always a great warmth between we . one hate to make party point but ... bishop of cowley suffer little one and let the little one suffer . he giveth and taketh away and casteth bread upon the water . hench well just let take one more look at this tragic accident . continued : 138 contd . 2. 139 in slow motion , picture come up of hutchison edging nearer side of the rig . hench ( v.0 . ) here we see the Prime Minister move to one side to give the photographer a better view of the gold . at the crucial moment when hutchison slip , the picture be partially obscure by a cameraman . rimmer move towards hutchison . the action be freeze ! hench ( v,.0 . ) this be the crucial moment ; the Prime Minister slip ; Michael rimmer rush to he side but be unable to save he . action start again and though the event be ebscure by foreground figure , it look as if hutchison may well have be push rather than pull by rimmer . we follow hutchison into sea and stay with the bubbles , hench but even so soon after the tragedy , the question en everybody 's lip be ' who will succeed ? int , corridor . house of common . day . 139 bream I can not say I like the man , but you must admit he 's get something . potter I can not say I like the man , but I must admit he 's get something . how about you mandeville . mandeville I can not say I like the man but I must admit he 's get something on I . 140 a' ~ ext . country lane . day . 140 ferret be riding along on a cycle . a transistor radio be hang from the handlebar on which we hear the Jimmy Young show in progress . Music end . jimmy young ( v.0 . ) time for we midmorn phone call ... orft we go .. we hear dialling tone . mrs . ferret ( v,0 . ) hello . jimmy young ( v.0 . ) Mrs. ferret ? mrs . ferret ( v.0 . ) that 's right Jimmy 's ... but ethel to you . jimmy young ( v.0 . ) what do you do , ethel ? mrs . ferret ( v.0 . ) just a ordinary housewife . jimmy young ( v.0 . ) and what do you husband work at ? mrs . ferret ( v.0 . ) my husband , Jimmy ... he 's a failure . ferret fall of bike into ditch ; radio land on marshy ground and slowly sink . ferret lie beside it . jimmy young ( v.0 . ) Ho , ho , ho ... as a ordinary housewife , who would yeu choose to lead the censervative , . mrs . ferret ( v.0 . ) oh , Michael rimmer , Jimmy ; he 's everything my husband be not . the radio disappear into mud . 141 142 98 . int , house of common . corridor . 141 bream be walk along corridor with snaggot , snaggot he 's ruthless , opportunistic , dishonest , shallow , evasive , unprincipled , but I be still not sure that he will make a good leader . int . rimmer house . bathroom , night . 142 PAT rimmer be in the bath and rimmer come in and start dabbing after shave on himself . rimmer do not wait up for I this evening , darling , I will be vather late . PAT soak herself sullenly . rimmer ( kissing she on forehead ) bye darling . he reach the door . when she say . PAT I want a divorce , rimmer a divorce , why ? PAT to put it in term you would understand , sexually speak we be 70 % below the national average . rimmer I know that darling , but you should not pay too much attention to one month 's figure , season variation be very misleading . PAT I mean it Michael , I want a divorce . continued : 99 , 142 contd . rimmer that 's normal . forty two per cent ef marry woman go through this phase in the first year of marriage . PAT how do you think it would affect you chance of be Prime Minister if I go on television tonightand tell everybody what a cold , unfeel robot you be . rimmer you will not do that , PAT I will ring Steven hench now ... he would love to get you . rimmer no you will not . bye . 143°.4 int . drawing room . night . 143 rimmer step outside and lock bathroom door . rimmer Peter ! niss appear . niss yes ! rimmer Pat 's a little upset . look after she and do not let she near a phone till I get back . PAT be call through door to niss . PAT let I out . continued : 144 o~ 145 ae =~ 146 147 148 tol . ext , conservative h ,q. night . 144 rimmer 's car arrive at Conservative Party 's Central Office . he be greet by supporter . int . rimmer n's drawing room , night . 145 PAT be hurl herself against door . niss do not do that you will bruise you lovely shoulder , PAT if you love I you would let I out . niss I do love you . PAT and I love you so let I eut you stupid , spineless , sycophantic ... ext . conservative h.q. night , 146 rimmer have arm raise in victory . int . rimmer' drawing room . night . 147 PAT if you let I out you can have I . niss let PAT out and try to kiss she . niss darling Pat , she kick niss and rush past towards phone in live room , as she pick it up she see rimmer on t.v. accept victory . int , rimmer on t.v. night . rimmer May I say how privileged I be to be elect leader of the Conservative Party . ( cheer ! ) 149 150 151 152 int , niss ext . int , 102 . rimmer' drawing room . night . 149 PAT Christ , he 's do it , niss so he have ... sorry darling ... duty call , leave . conservative party h.q. night . 150 rimmer ee. under circumstance that I most bitterly regret , this be not time for false hope . the situation be critical and I intend to take immediate action . rimmer' bedroom . night . 151 rimmer enter . int . rimmer hello darling , now let 's start improve we monthly figure , ballroom . night , 152 rimmer be introduce he cabinet to the Party faithful and t.v. camera . include amongst they be , niss , mandeville and moffat who have just be introduce . we see he smile , with the caption over read " minister of defence 's , rimmer ( cont would . ) Alexander mandeville will be Minister of Labour . mandeville smile . rimmer now happily recover from he illness I have select he because above all Alexander be a deeply human man . continued : 152 contd . mandeville smile a little nervously . rimmer ( cont would . ) and no one know more than I how very human he can be . caption ' Minister of Labour 's over the slightly embarrassed picture of mandeville . rimmer as Public opinion poll have become so vital a part of we democratic way of life , the time have come to take they out of private hand where they could possibly be misus , I have , therefore , create a National poll board under the chairmanship of Peter niss . niss smile modestly . I have choose he not because he be a personal friend of myself and my wife , but because he bring that add dimension of know how best to keep open the line of communication between you the people and we , you servant . niss smile . now you know that I have never seek power ... and now that I have power I want to share it with you ; for it be you , the people of Britain who have make this country great ... as Winston churchill say ' you be the lion , I merely provide the roar 's ; and from now on I want to consult you directly . on every major issue there will be a referendum in which you may vote ; so at last we will have a real democracy , good night . applause . PAT move towards rimmer . continued : 152 153 154 155 104 , contd . 2 , PAT that be marvellous ; do you really mean it ? rimmer oh , yes . ext , parallel suburban street . day . 153 fleet of Post Office van drive up with military precision and peel off down each street . several postmen emerge from each van with large bundle . they make they way down garden path . int . council house . day . 154 mr . spimm be at table fill in form , mrs . spimm who we see earlier with crodder be watch delightedly as second delivery arrive . mrs . spimm soh look .. , there 's more come ... be not it nice ... it make I feel so important . mr . spimm we be important Loretta , a vital cog . hat off to rimmer . now then ... should we keep a continue military presence in binwandi ? int . bingo hall . day . 155 pumer be conduct a communal vote in . the audience be mainly woman , poster on wall . ' think before you vote ' , " you be in charge ' , Band be play . audio control talkback type swingometer on podium . pumer dance onto podium and speak into microphone . Music stop . pumer thank you maestro ... all have a good time at the votein . continued : I 155 156 105 , contd , all yes , ( they cheer ) pumer right ... a little bit of fun on the continent ... foreign affair . all ( cheer ) pumer seriously theugh lady and gentlemen ... tonight 's star vote ... the common market negotiate table ... now think very carefully , remember its you vote , and you vote count . the common market negotiate table ... let 's hear it for scandinavian pine . there be subdued clap . swingometer register 3 % , pumer that 's three per cent for the pine ... and now let 's hear it for geod old british oak . huge cheer and clap . swingometer read about 70 . pumer that 's 70 for british oak and now last of all ... how about Formica , the audience gasp ... a moment 's pause and then pandemonium of enthusiasm . all Formica , formica . swingometer read maximum decibel level . pumer be mobbed by enthusiastic crowd . int . house of common library . day . 156 mandeville Whole country 's go mad ! continued : 156 157 106 , contd . wilting mad ! bream the public do not know anything about the government . what do he think he 's do ? mandeville he 's off he head , bream I suppose there 's one advantage , at least we can hardly fail to stay in power , mandeville power ? what power , the : public have get all the power , everyone 's go mad , wilting be you go to resign ? mandeville I be not mad . they be . int . council house . night . 157 mr . spim be sealing up last of buff envelope . there be a huge pile of they ready to be post . theyare in nightclothes . mr . spimm that 's do ... bedtime . I think , I think I be right to take a firm line on China , he start to go upstairs . mrs . spimm oh yes ... you have to , continued : 157 158 107 , contd . a red light flash on tv from newly install machine a noise like a miniature fire siren , mrs . spimm oh quick , it 's a emergency tellyvote . they watch tv screen avidly . t.v. ( v.0 . ) hello again , the government would like to know you feeling on water pollution , int . rimmer' office . house of common . 158 niss and rimmer be loung about read some of the reply to the referenda . niss here 's a good way of reduce tension in the near East . rimmer what 's that . niss shoot nasser . they laugh . rimmer there 's one here suggest a pre - emptive nuclear strike against Northern Ireland , niss ignorant git . rimmer it 's go very well . can you think of anything more boring than water pollution ? continued : 163 contd . PAT . what 's that for ? rimmer I think it be time you feel the smack of firm government . director standby ... ready Prime Minister ? they signal they readiness . director turn over . scundman running . director action , rimmer and PAT walk arm in arm , rimmer as you Prime Minister , I hope I have never be afraid to admit my own mistake , in every way the country be booming but I must admit that we experiment in participatory democracy seem to have run into difficulty perhaps I be too idealistic and in this modern world we may well need a more streamline form of presidential government . you must let I know if you share this feel . next a week , you will have the chance to tell I , in what could be , if it be you wish , the last referendum for sometime . 164 , int . rimmer' office . house of common . day . 164 rimmer be read newspaper headline read ' rimmer promise presidential referendum , no more after this ' , when wilting burst in , continued : 164 165 jag 167 lil . contd , wilting I have read this referendum . what you be suggest be nothing more or less than a dictatorship . rimmer Hugh , like everyone else , you will have a opportunity of voting against it . it 's quite democratic . wilting but what you do not realise be that 90 % of the population be idiot . rimmer you say it , Hugh . wilting you will not get away with this , rimmer . ext . STREET . day . 165 placard say ' it 's President rimmer . 82 % say yes . ' '' xt . high london STREET , day . 166 cheer crowd as rimmer and PAT drive along in - a open limousine . niss , moffat , mandeville , etc. be all in car behind . muzzle of gun protrude from unfinish office building about eighteenth floor , rimmer see through sight from gunman 's p.0.v . it waver in its aim . pull back to show that the gunman be ferret , desperately try to get rimmer in he sight . he be lean right over the window still aim almost vertically down . he lean further and further and further , ext . london STREET . ground level . day , 167 the dement figure of hugh wilting with a smoking bomb in he bandage hand rush out of a doorway shriek ' venceremo ' he hurl himself tuward rimmer 's limousine , as he be about to reach car he shout ' we shall overcome 's and draw back to frat ] bomb .