Stephen King 's E mist from the novella by Stephen King screenplay by Frank darabont revise draft - August 5 , 2005 '' and what rough beast , its hour come round at last , slouches towards bethlehem to be bear ? '' — wbb . yeat '' get it off ! get it off ! Christ , get this friggin’ thing off I ! '' — norm the bag boy fade in : blackness . and silence . a title card come up : the STORM a crash of lightning rip from the sky , revealing : ext . military base - night a metal sign on a chainlink fence be whipped by a nasty storm : " arrowhead project -- military personnel only . " we close in as lightning boom and crash , move past the sign to reveal a low , nondescript building ... int . arrowhead project lab -' night . -- in which high - tech equipment encircle a huge , pressurize chamber . the chamber be low-tech -- massively thick glass window , ribbed - and -rivete steel , like a old - fashioned diving helmet reinterpreted as a large room . it 's dark inside , fathomless . lab-coate personnel be everywhere , seat at work station , computer screen stream data . a pair of tense scientist , machen and naylor , hover at the shoulder of a seat tech name phillip . naylor we should pull the plug for tonight . the storm ... machen ++-s'got nothing to do with it . we power source be shield . stable. ( off naylor 's look ) relax . activity mount . we hear a rise turbine whine . bank of video and wave -spectrum cameras be train at the darkness within the chamber . everybody 's intensely focus , eyeing they data stream , murmure to one another , the whole vibe very " Mission Control . " Phillips glance up : phillip Sir ? alignment be set . machen engage . switch be throw , command key in . scient peer into the chamber , eye strain into the inside the chamber ist and soldier darkness , and : a_faint pinpoint of light appear inside the chamber , bloom nto existence from nothing , grow ever brighter like a spotlight be shine through a keyhole ... the room a hush fall . face be slack , stunne . a uniformed colonel move to machen 's side , gaze in wonder as : Inside the chamber , the " keyhole " widen , irise open to become a portal of dance , swirl light . it shimmer , grow larger and brighter , halating the glass ... people be strike with wonder , light rippling they face , reluctantly tear they eye away to check they board as : machen check you data stream . give I constant update , flag any anomaly ... suddenly : ext . military base / lab - night lightning slam from the sky , blast along the fence , the power line , anything metal or electrical . a soldier be blow out of the guard booth as the surge explode every circuit and panel , send up shower of spark as it course along ... --- and we pan the surge as it go blaze into the turbine power the lab , send they into smoking overdrive ... int . arrowhead lab - night +-- and create instant panic as : phillip we get a hell of a surge ! Needles be way in the red ! machen disengage ! shut it down ! a mad flurry as they try to shut the system down -- but the whine continue to build , the " portal of light " within the chamber grow larger and brighter still ... colonel c'mon , kill the goddamn power ! phillip I can not ! machen what do you mean , you can not ? trip the breaker ! machen dart over , frantically punch button . Phillips 's screen be flash data almost too fast to make sense of , while the light inside the chamber swirl ever faster ... naylor the system 's overload ! phillip where 's the power come from ? machen ogaze up , realize ) the lightning . we be pull it right out of the sky . . ext . military base / lab - night he 's right -- overlap bolt of lightning be blaze down , coursing through the array of power turbine ... int . arrowhead lab - night .- while the light within the chamber build into a whirlwind of unearthly power . people shield they eye from the glare , helpless to do anything but watch . a few tech break and run ... machen remain at you station ! colonel how thick be that goddamn glass ? machen thick enough . pressurized to forty atmosphere . but even machen sound uncertain . the Colonel move closer , peer deeper into the light . it 's blind we , but : colonel ( hushed ) be I ... see something in there ? angle shift to video tech # 1 , scared shitless , try to darken and adjust the image enough to see . video tech # 1 there 's something ... machen what ? video tech # 1 +-- something . .. move . we see it . something in the light . something ... slithery . and that 's when the first crack appear in the glass . the SOUND of the SNAP make everybody freeze , stare in horror , desperately hope it hold , but : 4. crack , SNAP ! another crack . the glass begin to spiderweb . people turn and run , but it 's too late , because : machen ( softly ) Jesus . wham -- the first window explode out , lacerate a tech with fly glass , blow he back in he seat as a huge eruption of otherworldly mist blow through and engulf he ... --- and the window explode in sequence as the mist freight - train into the room , blow tech back in they chair , engulf people on the run , muffle they scream , wiping everything completely and utterly into : blackness . silence . fade to : flash of slo-mo lightning play ghostlike and surreal , rim the face of a family breathlessly watch the storm approach . david drayton , he wife steff , they 5 year - old son billy . int . live room - night they be silhouett at a big picture window , storm roiling in slo - mo outside , cloud rippling , lightning arcing across the sky . there 's a huge old tree out there , whipping in - the wind . David turn , murmur something to steff -- we can not hear the word , just the howling of the wind . a match flare in the dark , touch a candle wick . the flame rise , bring light ... basement stair ; - and they come down the step , each carry a candle , billy lead the way . the boy be especially careful carry he candle , back straight , be brave . the candlelight weave and dance , make the shadow move in sinister way . the family pass by we , glide down the step and disappear from view , the meager glow of they candle diminish to blackness again ... live room - angle on a painting +++as we slowly push in on a finish painting on a easel , storm thunder outside the picture window b.g . the painting be art for a movie poster , and exquisitely do . wham ! the painting get smashed as a blast of lightning and thunder send that huge old tree crashing straight at we >. through the picture window where the family stand only moment ago , freight - training into the room in a rain - drive explosion of glass and smoking tree trunk , as we fade to black ext . house - wide establishing - morning it 's gorgeous -- blue sky , high cloud , bird twitter . the house be at the edge of a wide lake , mountain b.g . billy run out of the house in he pajamas , pause at the oak that be split in half by lightning . billy wow ! he go charge off . David exit the house with the damage painting in he hand , check it in daylight . debris be everywhere -- branch , lawn furniture , other tree down . david , stop before the char tree trunk , scowling at the part that go through the house . steff exit onto the porch . steff power 's still out . food 's gonna go bad . david do a list . I will head into town before the store get buy out . steff {re : the painting ) can you save it ? david this ? no way . I will have to do it again from scratch . I will have to call the studio , see if they will extend my deadline . steff what choice do they have ? david you kid ? they can whip up some bad photoshop poster in a afternoon . two big head . they do it all the - time . ( gaze at the painting ) I should 'a bring it downstairs last night . stupid . steff you could not know a tree be go to come through the window . david ( look to the window ) I will hit the hardware store too . get some plastic sheet , duct tape . I will seal that up before dark , order some new glass in . steff ( beat , realize ) that be you grandfather 's tree . the one he plant ... david yeah . I use to play in it . she come down the step , take he in she arm . david just stuff , hon . we be all right , that 's what count . we be stand at that window . if we have not go downstairs when we do ... the rest be leave unsaid . she shudder . suddenly , billy come skid around the corner of the house , amp up : billy Mom ! dad ! ya gotta come see ! steff billy , take it easy ! do not go charge around ! billy but ya gotta come lookit ! the boathouse be all bashed ! there 's a dock on the rock -- and , and -- there 's tree in the cove ! Holy crap ! steff billy ! billy sorry , ma -- but you gotta-- wow ! he 's go again , charge from view . david have speak , the doomsayer depart . steff can not help laugh in spite of everything . steff how come you two always manage to make I laugh ? david you have low standard ? ( smile , take she hand ) let 's go see the damage . steff I can do that in my live room . '' they proceed around the corner of the house --- and pause . new angle reveal they boathouse smashed flat by a huge pine from the neighbor 's property -- the wind snap it off near the base and over it go , bam . steff look piss : steff that 's norton 's tree . david yeah . the dead one I have be ask he to take down for three year before it blow over . that tree . they come down toward the water , where billy 's peer with bright - eye excitement at the boathouse : _ billy wow , it really get smoosh ! david ( mutter to steff ) nobody appreciate good destruction like a five year - old . billy glance up , see something across the lake . billy wooaaah ... David and steff look up , and now they see it too : the far end of the lake be go . in its place be a wall of mist , unnaturally straight and creep this way . it have a deeply strange quality to it -- instead of refracting sunlight as normal mist would , this glow dead -white . billy what be it , daddy ? david fog bank . stefp on the lake ? david we have have fog on the lake before . steff not like that . david probably a leftover from the storm . two front meeting , something like that . steff be you sure ? david honey , I be not the weatherman . steff c'mon , billy , inside . daddy 's head into town , if you wanna go . ( to David ) you come ? david I be gonna go have a chat with we neighbor about he tree . ( off she look ) do not worry , I be not gonna punch bim in the nose or anything . steff David , what 's the point ? you know what he 's gonna say , do not you ? " Sue I . " maybe we should . david honey , one property dispute with this guy be enough to last I a lifetime . I be just gonna ask for -his insurance info , that 's all . she head for the house , take billy . camera follows David as he make he way to the edge of the yard , step over a low fence , and proceed onto he neighbor 's property . he start hearing a low sound ahead as he walk -- whut - whut - whut ! somebody try to start a chainsaw . norton ( 0.s. ) shit . David keep move toward the sound -- whut - whut - whut ! norton ( 0.s. ) motherfuck . he proceed up the slope of the yard -- whut - whut - whut ! norton ( 0.s. ) cocksucker . and then we see he : brent norton , the neighbor , a overweight New York City lawyer in he 50' . he 's bent over a chainsaw , face pinch with sheer frustration as he yank the cord again and again to no avail -- whut - whut - whut ! whut - whut -whut ! norton suddenly realize he 's not alone -- he turn , see David . a beat , both of they embarrassed , then : david wo not start ? norton goddamn thing cost two hundred dollar , why should it start ? david I guess you have see the boathouse . norton ( bristle ) yeah ? so ? david nothing . I just think we should swap insurance info . that 's all . norton ( bitter laugh ) oh , my agent 's gonna love I ... David follow norton 's glance , see it : a car can be glimpse under the branch of a tree that come down and crush it . david ( slowly realize ) oh. oh shit . that 's not the benz , be it ? the 1960 ? norton I drive it up this trip . I be gonna bring the station wagon , but ... the weather be so nice when I leave New York ... you know , top down ... david oh , man , Brent , I be sorry . sincerely . norton that 's nice of you to say . 10 . david no , I mean it . that car be cherry . I hate see it like that . norton absorb this , nod . norton I will find my insurance guy 's number , bring it by later . that okay ? david no problem . David walk away . norton 's watch he go . norton hesitates , hat to ask , but : norton David ? ( David turn back ) you be not head into town today by any chance , be you ? int . drayton kitchen - day steff£ 's at the sink with the water run , separate break and unbroken dish . she glance out the window , surprised to see norton trail David into the yard . ext . house - day steff exit onto the porch . steff Brent . norton hi , steff. ( awkward beat ) some morning , huh ? steff you could say that . david Brent need a new chainsaw . he 's gonna ride into town with we . steff something wrong with you car ? norton a tree come down on it . steff ( beat ) I be sorry to hear about carla , Brent . we all be . dle norton thank you . it be ... sudden . two month from when she be diagnose . steff I be sure that be not easy . norton no . it be not . billy come charge out of the house in fresh jeans and sneaker , past steff , down the stair : billy ready , daddy ! david ; great , champ ! Mr. norton 's come too . billy ( suddenly shy ) hi , Mr. norton . norton biya , billy . steff ( come down the step ) here 's the grocery list ... pick up some ice , too , if they have get it , so we can keep the milk cold ... norton ( 0.s. ) that be the weirdest thing . they turn . norton 's shading he eye , gaze across the lake . the mist have swallow half of it , still come this way . norton that mist . I see it come down the mountain this morning , now it 's halfway across the lake . some kind of inversion layer , I guess . David stare at it , get a bad feel . something about that mist spook he , but he have no idea why . david hon ? why do not you come with we ? steff i'm up to my ear in glass and mud , that 's why . it will take I all day . you guy go , I will be fine . 12 . she kiss he , head back inside ... ext , house - wide - day David 's 4 WD scout come rumbling up to the top of the driveway , the house b.g. David pause , look back . the mist be now near this side of the lake . steff emerge from the house wear a big floppy sun hat and drag a trash bag . she see they , wave . David wave back , put he misgiving aside , drive out onto the rural road ... int / ext . scout / rural road - moving shot - day ..- where a pair of orange cmp ( municipal power ) truck come lumber by we , go the other way . angle to David at the wheel of the scout , norton in the passenger seat , billy in back . David glance in the rearview at the truck . : david well , cmp 's out in force . maybe we will get we power back . norton we can hope . a stretch of awkward silence , both man feel uncomfortable riding together . norton reach for the radio . norton you mind ? David shrug -- go ahead . norton start scan for a station . norton that be some storm , huh ? david one for the book . for a moment there last night , I think we be gonna take off and head for 02 . billy like dorothy ! david ( smile ) yeah , champ , like dorothy . norton woxo 's off the air . just static . ( keep scan ) Portland 's still broadcasting . that easy listen station ... 13s . billy daddy , look ! Army man ! David glance up as military truck and vehicle race by in the opposite direction , just like the cmp truck do . norton it 's that guy from the arrowhead Project . ( look to David ) you be a local . any idea what they do up there ? david I be sure you have hear all the crazy storey . norton the gal at the dry cleaner swear they have get a crash fly saucer up there . frozen alien body . david _ edna , right . miss tabloid . " I have bigfoot 's baby . " " Satan 's face appear in oilwell Fire . * all that good hard news . ( beat ) you know Mrs. carmody ? own that weird antique shop in town ? . norton the creepy place with all the dead stuff animal in the window ? david that 's the one . bumped into she at the gas station one day and she start in on arrowhead . she inform we they be fool around with " atomic thing . " that 's what she say : " that Army boy be shoot atom into the air , make no mistake . " norton what would you say ? david not I , my son . my five year - old . ( in rearview mirror ) what would you say , billy ? billy I tell she the air 's full of atom . that 's what we teacher say . everything 's full of atom . 14 . norton how would that go over ? david Mrs. carmody look at billy and say : " this be different atom , son . secret atom . " then she go on a rant about God 's punishment come down on we . you do not mess with God 's atom , apparently . suddenly , another stream of army vehicle go whizzing by . david they be in a big hurry . norton maybe they power 's out too . cur to : ext . federal food market / parking lot - day a supermarket from the ' 60 , modest by today 's standard . also : a laundromat , ice cream shop , pharmacy . the parking lot 's jamme . David 's scout appear , turn in ... int . scout - day -.-.and a beard biker on a harley pop into frame and cut they off , startling everybody as David slam the brake . norton Jesus ! stupid shit ... the biker pull ahead , rumbling toward the market . David resume cruise for a spot . billy point : billy daddy ! somebody 's leave ! ext . market / parking lot - day they pull in , a lucky spot close to the to get a call through on he cell phone the scout , give norton a look . market . David 's try as they get out of norton no signal ? david why do not you get start ? i'11 use the payphone , give steff a call . billy can I go with Mr. norton , daddy ? 15 . norton 's a bit throw by this . David hesitates , hand the list to billy . david make sure you hold he hand when you cross . billy take norton 's hand and look both way , crossing the traffic aisle to the market . norton look a bit flustered , but go with it . billy turn , call back to David : billy ask mommy if she want a spiderman comic book ! I bet she do ! david you think ? - billy nod . David smile , watch they enter the store . he go to the payphone in front of the pharmacy , lift the receiver ... and get a " circuit busy " signal : wah - wah - wah -wah . he click the cradle a few time , put the receiver back with a sigh , head toward : the market he almost bump face - first into the automatic door -- he draw back , realize the power 's out . he push it open manually ... int . market - day ..- and enter to find the store more crowded than he 's ever see it -- people clogging the aisle , long line snake to the checkout counter . the cashier be harry , total purchase by hand -- the register be down . bud brown ( store manager ) and ollie week ( assistant manager ) , be clipping receipt to the customer 's check or cash , toss they in a box . both man be also bag , help out norm the bag boy , a skinny 18 year - old with stringy blond hair . sally , a pretty teenage cashier , glance up and see David enter . sally hey , Mr. drayton ... david Sally ... you guy look jamme up . sally yeah . half the staff do not show , plus the power 's out . david think you have a generator . 16 . sally only for emergency light and to keep the food cold . everything else , welcome to the Dark Ages . bring you checkbook . david ( smile , move on ) hey , steff and I want a date night Thursday . you free to babysit billy ? sally heck yeah . I be there . David move to Ollie ( wear a bow tie ) , who 's happy to see a friendly face . david crappy day , huh ? ollie oh , man , everybody 's piss off this morning . ( he gaze shift ) oh , great . and now it 's complete . David turn , see mrs . carmody enter . she seem like a nice ( though eccentric ) lady at first , but ... well , we will get to know she soon enough . she 's in a canary - yellow pantsuit , annoyed to see such a long wait at the checkstand . on she go , ollie what do you wanna bet she find Satan lurking in the cantaloupe ? {as she draw near ) good morning , Mrs. carmody ... mrs . carmody with this line ? I would not say there 's much good about it , but I guess we will have to make do . move down the aisle . david ( grin ) keep you head down , pal . ollie you know it . David move on ... we fade to black and bring up a title card : the coming of the mist 17 . int . market ~ day David find norton and billy in a aisle , item already in the shopping cart , norton puzzle over steff 's list . norton you wife should have be a doctor , : David . she could make a fortune in Manhattan with this handwrite . ! david I know , take some get use to . ( take the list ) why do not you get you stuff ? we will : meet you at the checkout . norton done . norton grab a hand - basket from the cart , start away . he ! pause , look back . ; norton David . thanks for help I today . David nod . norton turn the corner , go . billy be you and Mr. norton gonna be friend now , daddy ? david I dunno , champ . " Friends " might be stretch it . we will see . he grab some item off the shelf , toss they to billy , who relay they into the cart . billy but I guess you be not mad at each other any more . david I guess not . that 's a start . they proceed down the aisle ... produce section Mrs. carmody be peer intensely ( and suspiciously ) at a cantaloupe ... various angle of store activity -- people shopping , maneuver in the aisle , try not to bump cart , cashier work ... oe it 's all very ... normal . and yet its very normalcy should unnerve we . ( this be very much in the tone of how it 's shot . ) checkout stand Long line , uncomfortable people , sweaty face , everybody endure the wait . a battery - operate radio on the manager 's podium be tune to that Portland easy - listen station ... david , billy , and norton be in line with they shopping cart . billy daddy , look . more Army man . David glance over , see three army private enter the store : pvt . wayne jessup , JOHN bisby , tim donaldson . they be in standard ( not combat ) uniform , bum to see the long line . closer angle on soldier jessup be a local boy , 19 year - old . the other two be barely out of they teens . we catch a bit of they conversation : bisby ..- bus leave in forty minute . . . jessup +-- we will make it , okay ? you guy get the goody , I will get in line ... bisby and Donaldson move off . jessup get in line . Sally the cashier make eye contact with jessup and smile , a bit flirty . he smile back , wave . they obviously know each other . david' group irene reppler ( in the next line ) smile at David and billy . she 's a teacher at the local grammar school , 60 - ish and wiry , cat 's - eye glass hang on a chain around she neck . billy hello , Mrs. reppler . irene hello yourself , billy drayton . how would you folk hold up in the storm ? david Big insurance day . we have a tree come through the picture window . billy and the boathouse get all smoosh ! Mr. norton 's tree fall on it ! 19 . David glance to norton , see he attention on the plate glass window at the front of the store . David follow he look ... irene sorry to hear that . we have damage at the school , would not you know ... david' Pov a army jeep have pull up outside . a pair of m.p.s get out . they split up , one of they head toward the laundromat , the other come this way into the market . trene ( 0.s. ) ... that 's what we get for not fix that roof when we should have , but with fund be cut every year ... david wonder what 's go on , glance to private jessup in line . irene keep natter , fan herself with a Magazine : irene --- you would think educate child would be more of a priority in this country , but you would be wrong ... David notice a beautiful young woman , amanda dumfries , a few line over -~ she 's be overhear , smile , glance away . the bearded biker that cut David off in the parking lot be stand in line behind she . Beyond they be Mrs. carmody , piss at this long wait . her eye meet David 's . he smile , nod , glance away . trene . -+- government 's get better thing to spend we money on , like corporate handout and building bomb ... suddenly , a police siren go wail by outside . people crane to look , curious , not really see no much . another siren swell on its heel . another police car ? a fire truck ? one or two people break out of line , drift toward the window , but still do not see much . Sally the cashier be craning to see . Bud Brown ( the other store manager ) reprimand she : bud mind what you be do , Sally . she flush , keep work . David start catch some tense conversation between the m.p. and the three young soldier : 20 . donaldson --- oh , c'mon , man ... we get ten day 's leave , check we papers ... m.p. --. look , I tell you , all furlough be cancel , I do not know why . ( off they look ) I gotta go check the pharmacy . you three meet I at that jeep in five minute , that 's a order ... as the m.-p. leave , the town siren start wailing , rise and fall , one of that scary cold war-era relic that some small town use nowadays for volunteer fire department . conversation in the store die away . even irene have fall silent and stop fan herself , the magazine hover near she face . ( all we hear now be johnny mathis sing " misty " on the battery - operate radio . ) irene I wonder if there 's a fire ... man ayuh . could be one . saw some live wire out on Kansas Road , storm brung them down ... david Kansas Road ? billy daddy , be there a fire ? be mommy all right ? david I be sure she be . do not worry , okay ? several more people have break out of line , go to the window . a teenager stop at the. glass : teenager # 1 Holy shit ... ( turn to he friend ) -- guy , you gotta see this ... two more teenager ( a guy and a girl ) break from they group , come to the glass . teenager # 2 whooaaa ... teenager # 1 it 's come right up Kansas Road . 21 . woman what be it ? what 's out there ? a man in paisley summer hat be outside the market , gaze off . he quickly pop into the store . paisley hat hey , anybody get a camera ? a ripple go through the crowd -- if it 's worth take a picture of , it must be worth see . billy daddy , what 's happen ? paisley hat grab a disposable camera off a revolve rack and hurry back out the door ... paisley hat Bud , I '11 pay ya later ! bud Fred , you can not just take th -- ... but the guy 's go . teenager # 1 . dude , we gotta check this out ... the kid dash outside , follow by he friend . teenage girl guy , wait ..-.hey ! she pause at the door , uncertain , hold it open . beard biker do not let the air conditioning out ... a few people laugh at the wisecrack , but most be concerned : old man what be it ? hey , what 's out there ? teenage girl some kinda ... mist . and David experience the first real stab of fear . he see commotion brewing in the parking lot ... people come out of the laundromat ... a few people run by in panic ... Inside the market the mood be change , unravel , curiosity crystallize toward concern ... the checkout line be dissolve as people move toward the window ... bud hey , hey , ya be not pay for that ! 22 . saily suddenly find herself without customer . she drift to the window herself , peer out , and : sally oh my God ... people gasp . there 's a man staggering across the parking lot toward the store , blood splash from he nose down he shirt . people press toward the glass , watch in shock , as : the man almost fall once or twice , burst into the store : bloody nose something in the fog ! something in the fog take John Lee ! something ... he stagger , woozy , as Ollie help he sit heavily down on the 50 pound bag of dog food lining the window . bloody nose +-- something in the fog take John Lee ! and I hear he scream ! billy burst into tear , cling to David 's neck ... billy daddy , what 's that bloody man ? why be that bloody man ? people be bewilder , confuse . a few go outside . suddenly , a voice cry out , urgent with fear : mrs . carmody do not go out there ! it 's death to go out there ! ollie ( mutter to himself ) aw , jeez ... a few people draw away from Mrs. carmody , avoid she . the vibe be turn panicky , and she 's not help thing . somebody bump into David , almost jolting he off he foot , more people head outside , as norton whisper to David : norton what the Christ be this ? Mrs. carmody elbow she way toward the front , desperately try to warn people , plead : mrs . carmody do not go out there ! it 's death . I feel that it 's death out there ... confusion mount , people crowd to the glass , some head out the door . David move to the window , hold billy ... 23 . billy daddy , I be scared . can we go home please ? the daylight outside start to dim . johnny mathis be just sing the word " I get missstyyy ... " when the broadcast suddenly dissolves into static . people be press to the glass , face stunne . and David get close enough to see : the mist . it glide across the parking lot with lazy speed , a expand wall of white . a few people be run from it as it blot out the blue sky , turn the sun into a faint silver disc . another person go run out the door ... bloody nose do not go out ! there 's something in the fog ! it take John Lee ! mrs . carmody it 's death . death take you John Lee . it 's death out there . beard biker shut up , you crazy old bag ... she whirl on he , she eye blaze , actually make the big guy shrink back . mrs . carmody you will be next , you do not mind you manners . the people in the store watch spellbound as the car disappear row after row , half the lot now go . David 's scout be park near , still visible ... norton let 's . get out of here , David . what do you say we -- david no , no , wait . let 's just wait . a guy in a coor cap nudge past the people at the door . " coor cap screw that , I be get to my car . mrs . carmody no , no , do not , it 's ... but he shoulder the door open and run . it start a stampede ; other start push they way outside , follow . mrs . carmody --- wait , you do not understand ! 24 . we see coor cap get to he El camino , fumble he key , try to get the door open ... as the mist swallow he . beat . his scream begin , pierce shriek that go on and on , compete with the now - echoey wail of the town siren . trene oh my dear Lord ... the people who follow coor cap out . suddenly rush to get back in , the flow reversing at the door , people push and shove they way back inside . they get the door close , as : the scream stop . in the stunne silence that follow : mrs . carmody ( softly ) it 's death . David see the mist swallow he scout , glide across the traffic aisle , and press up against the glass ... the market be swallow . we see only vague shape out there now , a few trash can . the parking lot lamp come on automatically , add dim orange halos of light to the murk . another scream be hear somewhere , distant as a dream . . ollib what 's go on ? what be this ? David try to speak , but can not even venture a guess . billy 's cling tightly to he neck , whimper : billy mommy ... david she 's okay ... a old man be back away from the window . old man it 's a pollution cloud . the mill at rumsford . some kinda chemical explosion , have to be ... and thud ! people scream as the earth shift under the store on one side and drop a few foot , a massive crack run along the floor up a aisle ... then boom , the other side of the store drop along with it and a match crack explode along the ceiling like it might give way above they head . now the front of the store drop on its foundation glass panel twanging terrifyingly in they fr : to-ceil crack appear , but the glass hold . . huge plate ame . some floor - 25 . the aisle shelf be teeter , almost go over , spilling content ... we hear bottle break all over the store ... a hang fluorescent ceiling fixture break loose on one end , do a tarzan -sw and smash against the shelf ... then it 's do . people be petrify , breathless , wait to see if anything else happen . off in the distance , the town siren stop , the wail die off eerily to nothing . it 's like the outside world just go away . . a man in spectacle be the first to speak , breathless : spectacle be that a earthquake ? old man I tell ya , that goddamn mill blow up ... ollie be everybody okay ? be anybody hurt ? everybody start breathe again , some sobbing in fear . billy start cry hysterically . David set he down , try to quiet he , as tension spill out all over the store : bud everybody just stay put , okay ? just stay inside the store ! . blonde woman I can not stay here . I can not . I gotta get home to my kid . mrs . carmody it 's death to go out there ! the teenage girl spin , terrify , yell : teenage girl stop say that ! stop that crazy bullshit ! norton please , everybody ! everybody just relax , okay ? bud he 's right ! let 's keep cool ! let 's try and figure out what just happen ... spectacle I think that be a earthquake . I really do ... 26 . blonde woman I be sorry . I can not just stay here . I gotta get home to my kid . old man could be a poison gas cloud out there . that mill ... you hear that man scream ... ollie ma'am , no , you can not go out there . not until we catch we breath and figure thing out -- blonde woman you be not listen ! I can not stay here . wanda 's look after little Victor ... wanda 's only eight ... she sometimes forget she 's suppose to be watch he , you know ? I tell they I would only be go for a ' few minute ... she 's only eight ... she fall silent , desperate and brittle , stare around at all the face watch she . blonde woman well ? be not anyone gonna help I ?! wo not somebody . .. will not somebody here see a lady home ? nobody speak . people shuffle they foot , try not to meet she gaze . a fat local man take half a step forward , but he wife get he arm in a death grip and hold he back . the blonde woman be look around , she gaze go from face to face , near tear . blonde woman ( to Ollie ) you ? ( to Bud ) you ? ( to norton ) you ? norton open he mouth as if to speak ... but hesitates . she dismiss he with disgust , look to David . blonde woman you ? David pick up billy , pin in she gaze . david ma'am ... I get my own boy to worry about . 27 . the blonde woman just stare at they all , then : blonde woman ( softly ) I hope you all rot in hell . and with that , she turn to exit the store . Sally make a half-heart grab for she ... sally aw , lady , wait ... -.- but the blonde woman shrug she off , push the door open , step out . people go to the glass , watch . the blonde woman take a deep breath . then another . the air do not seem poison . she move slowly off through the mist , grow ever more indistinct until ... +++8he 's go . people stand at the glass , stare , too stunne or ashamed to speak . they start move away from the window . david carry billy down a aisle , away from the other , try to calm he . the boy be clutching he , sobbing against he neck . david it 's okay ... it 's okay now ... hey champ , easy ... just breathe ... the boy 's sobbing so hard he 's have trouble catch he breath . David pace , rock he , he heart break : david -+- ¢'mon , Big Bill ... you can not keep cry like this , you be gonna hurt yourself ... just try and breathe ... billy 's sob start to taper , hitching as he try to calm down . irene and Sally come by , trail by amanda dumfries . irene be there anything I can do ? david no , it 's okay , he 's gonna be fine ... be not you , billy ? sally hey , billy , it 's gonna be fine . okay ? want some juice or something , big guy ? billy bury he face miserably into David 's neck , he voice still hitching with sob , small and mffle : 28. billy I ...1I ...w- want m- my m-mommy ... david I know you do , champ . c'mon now , try to breathe ... we fade to black and bring up a title card : what happened to the bag boy int . market ( back of the store ) - day David 's on the floor with billy 's head in he lap . the boy 's suck he thumb , eye glaze with exhaustion and shock , half doze . David 's sick with concern , stroking the boy 's hair . across from they sit irene , Sally the cashier , amanda dumfries , and hattie turman , a elegantly dress woman . david I have not see he suck he thumb since he be two year old . amanda he 's in shock . I think we all be . irene . you have not meet . amanda dumfries . amanda 's new in town ... she teach third grade , and damn well , I might add ... all the kid love she ... David give amanda a nod , as : irene David 's a artist . he do movie poster and such . hattie turman , she 's in real estate . and Sally ... you be a senior now , be not you , dear ... sally yes mar 'am . irene --.and I , good Lord , I be babbling like some old biddy at a tea party . my nerve be all jangle , I guess . amanda sorry we could not meet under better circumstance . Ollie come by , crouch . ollie Boy settle down ? how be he ? 2 . david he feel hot . ollie I will go fetch some aspirin , huh ? david thanks . i'11 get something to cover he up . get any blanket ? ollie get some furniture pad out in the load dock . david Sally , you mind take he ? Sally reach over , take billy onto she lap . the thumb come out of the boy 's mouth , he voice faint : billy daddy , do not go ... david I will be go two second , Big Bill , get you a blanket . Sally 's here . so 's Mrs. reppler and Mrs. turman . sally we get you back , buckaroo ... ' kay ? billy ' Kay . - back go the thumb . David rise . we track he along the back of the store , pass aisle after aisle , catch glimpsis of the people cluster at the checkout stand b.g . norton +- no , no , the first thing to do be keep we wit about we and figure out what 's happen ... beard biker how you propose we do that , my man ? get no phone signal , get no radio . . - norton I be sure that 's just temporary . we be obviously deal with some kind of natural disaster here ... man ai not nothin ' obvious about this sumbitch from where I sit ... 30 . another man ++- nothin ' natural about it either ... mrs . carmody it 's God 's judgment come down at last . nothin ' more obvious or natural than that . beard biker oh , fuck I ... mrs . carmody ( sharp ) oh , I will not have to , sonny Jim . you already do that to yourself with a life of sin and dissolution ... David go through a pair of swinging rubberize door into : the loading dock dim in here , light by a few emergency light . David take a few step in and recoil -- the room be fill with thick white smoke , the generator belching exhaust fume into the air . cough , David grab a towel , cover he face , move through the load dock fill with shadow and pallet of goods . David find the generator in a back corner , occupy its own steel mesh cage . he duck in , find the smoke back up from the exhaust vent . he locate the on- off switch , flick it . the genny sputter and quit , kill the noise -- and the light . David find himself in total darkness . david oh , shit . he turn to exit the cage , whacks he head painfully on the door frame as he do . david shit ! he ease through , try to find he way in the dark . he trip over a pallet , get to he foot , fight panic now . he pause to get he bearing and let he eye adjust , know he 's be irrational , towel still over he mouth . he see a source of faint light : line run along the edge and bottom of the huge corrugate - steel load door , the kind that roll up on its track when you press the button . opposite that , more light spill have : swinging door from the market . he toward that , try not to trip ... ry faintly through the edge slowly and carefully sl . a_sly , slithery sound make he stop dead in track . he stand freeze , eye wide , listen . only silence now . do he imagine it ? he decide he ear be play trick on he , cautiously take another step ... there 's the sound again : something sliiide veerrrryy slooowwly in the darkness behind he . then silence . David turn , heart hammer in he chest , gaze sweeping the darkness toward the huge roll - up door . the sound come again , louder now , from the other sid and the corrugate steel of the load door press inward , metal groan as if some enormous weight be be apply from outside by some huge move object . David back away , break and run , flee through the dark and hurtle headlong through the swinging door into -- the market -- where he damn near plow right into Ollie week , who be just about to enter the load dock with two other man , jim grondin and myron lafleur . they jump back , startle . ollie David ! Jesus ! david do you hear it ? any of you ? ollie what , the generator ? we be just come to check it out ... norm the bag boy appear with flashlight , ready to hand they out . David 's freak , try to calm down : david no , I turn the generator off . the exhaust be back up . . nobody else hear that sound ? jim what sound ? david I do not know ... a big slithery noise ... back there in the dark .. eat the load door ... the man be trading look , Jim and myron especially . they be a pair of blue- collar guy who work in a garage , and have the air of veteran know - it - all towny . 32 . jim you hear it before the light go out ... or after ? david no , only after , but ... look , I hear it , okay ? ollie nobody 's call you a liar . david that 's what it sound like . jim now do not be thataway , Mr. drayton . you have a scare , no doubt . why not let 's all go check it out ? in the loading dock the door swing open . the group enter , flashlight sweeping the smoky air . Ollie wheeze , cover he nose and mouth . jim pretty rank in here . guess you be right to shut she down . the flashlight beam play across the corrugate load door . look fine . Jim glance to myron , and it 's obvious what they be think : that David 's one 'a they high -strung , nervous nelly type . only Ollie seem to give any benefit of doubt . they move toward the generator , flashlight bob across carton of can goods , pallet of dry dog food . Jim and myron enter the cage , Ollie hover at they shoulder . the generator roar to life , spew smoke . jim whoa , whoa , shut she down ! Holy crow , do not that stink ! the generator die again . Jim and myron exit the cage . myron something 's get that exhaust vent plugge up from the outside . : norm get it run long enough to raise that door a little . i'1l go out and clear whatever 's block it . david no , you can not do that ... Jim 's piss 33 . jim why not ? ( to Ollie ) ' lectric door , right ? ollie well , yeah , but I do not think it 's very wise to send he out there . myron : ( tip he cap back ) : well , okay . I will do it . i i ollie i no , you do not understand , I really do not think anyone sh -- myron | do not worry , I will get she do . : what , do not think I can ? i norm hey , I wanna go , it be my idea ... j david | whoa , wait , just stop ! ( they stare at he ) Jim , right ? and myron ? you do not seem to understand , or you be try as hard as you can not to . this be no ordinary fog , okay ? and there be a lot of people in this market . i£ you open that load door and something come in ... norm ( snort ) like what ? david like whatever make that noise I hear . be you guy be willfully dense ? now , give David a half bitter / half amused grin . jim Mr. drayton , pardon I , but I be not convinced you hear anything . we be not hearing anything how . anybody ? ( a quick glance around ) I know you be a bigshot artist with connection in New York and Hollywood and all , but that do not make you better than anyone else , in my book ... 34 . david I do not say that ... jim . --- nor do I like be talk down to and call stupid just ' cause some guy with a college degree have get the jitter . way I figure , you get lose in here in the dark , get a little confuse and a little scared . myron it happen . ollie fellas , the generator be not even that important , the food will keep for day without -- Jim cut he off brusquely , point to norm : . jim okay , kid , you be it . i'11 start the motor , you raise the door . give we a yell when you get enough room . norm yeah , okay , good . norm go to the load door . David 's just stare at they , _ —== unable to believe he can not talk they out of this . david wait , this be crazy ! you be gonna jet this kid risk he life over a generator that do not even matter ? norm why do not you just shut the fuck up already ! jeezus ! jim listen ... Mr. drayton ...tel 1 you what . you get anything else to say , I think you better count you tooth first , ' cause I be tired of listen to you bullshit . ( glance over ) c'mon , myron . they head for the genny . norm go to the load door . David stunne , try to go after they -- but Ollie restrain he . ollie leave tem be . , 35 . david ( quiet , tense ) this be crazy , this asshole think I be impugn they manhood ? what the fuck be go on here ? ollie they have lose they sense of proportion . out there in the market they be scared and confuse ... in here 's a problem they can solve , so goddamn it , they be gonna solve it . jim ready , kid ? norm yeah , let 's rock ! david norm , do not . it 's a mistake . norm turn , eye shine with excitement and ... yes , fear . he look like he might actually be have second thought , but then the generator roar to life and the decision be make . he toss David a look of utter macho 18 year - old contempt . norm pussy . norm stab the load door button with he finger , back to wait . the door start to rise , its track . Light come klood in , step roll slowly up in push back the shadow . norm hold. up ! the generator go off . the door stop about three foot off the ground . norm move forward . outside , the concrete load platform stretch off into a dull milky haze . tendril of mist come eddy in across the floor , create a otherworldly effect . it might as well be a different planet out there . Jim and myron exit the generator cage . norm get to the door , duck down and beer out to make sure the coast be clear . myron so ? any boogeyman ? norm ( snort , glance back ) yeah , right ... and that 's when it ha en : a long , pale , fleshy pink thing that look like a huge obscene worm come slither : ing up over the lip of the load platform , probing the air . 36 . all the man inside see it . Ollie make a sound in he throat . norm turn , look down , goggle - eye , start backpedal ... norm what the fu -- -+- and thwack ! the membrane lash forward and wrap around he ankie -- it 's a tentacle ! the tip have a flat pad like a giant squid 's , only this pad have a mouth in it bristle with . tiny black barb tooth that cut through jeans and flesh . norm let out a inarticulate scream of sheer horror as he dance hysterically back into the load dock with the thing cling to he ankle , try to shake it off : norm get it off ! get it off ! christ , get this friggin ' thing off I ! jim ( freeze ) oh my God ... the tentacle suddenly flexe and pull , jerk norm 's foot out from under he . he fly back , arm flail wildly , and slam flat on he back , crack he head on the concrete . the tentacle flexe again , wrapping further up norm 's leg to get a better grip ... and hundred of tiny sphincter - like mouth 's , be reveal lining the underside of the tentacle , open 7 and close hungrily , it L tiny barb tooth gnash . the tentacle start drag norm across the £loor toward the door -- he flop onto he stomach , daze , finger claw the pavement . norm jesus christ , jesus christ , get it off I , get it off I ! David 's the first ( and only one ) to react -- he lunge forward , grab norm by the wrist and pull hard . it 's a tug of war between David and the tentacle , with norm the bag boy as prize . norm 's eye be on he , blubber with fear : norm do not let it get I , okay , do not , okay , do not ... ( look to Jim and myron ) help I ... help I , ' you guy , please , please ... but the other be freeze in shock , they brain go short - circuit , unable to process what they be see . myron back away , trip over a pallet and land on he ass , gape in incomprehension and terror . David strain to pull norm free , they wrist lock . suddenly , we hear : more slithering . 37 . angle at floor level norm take he eye off David , turn to look -- as we rack to the load door b.g. to reveal : more tentacles rise up just outside , slip and flopping and slithering hungr . ly toward we . rack back to norm as he look back to David , almost imbecilic now with fear : norm +-- 0h , there 's more ... there 's more ... david somebody help I ! what the fuck be you waiting for ? and that 's what get Ollie move , he foot unfrozen , he brain in gear . he run to help , grab norm 's other wrist , the insane tug of war continuin , as : a second tentacle come slithering , wrapping now around norm 's other leg . the barb pad sink in , pull off a hunk of fabric and flesh . the tentacle rear up and poise in the air with its prize , then start feed -- the mouth - in - the-pad gobbles the bloody hunk , bob tike a dog scarfing a treat . below it , the row of tiny sucker - mouth lining the tentacle hungrily snap open- and - shut-open - and - shut , grab any morsel that fall ... norm oh ! oh ! oh ! : more tentacles come probing . one snatch norm 's apron off , carry it away like a prize . another tug a converse sneaker off he thrashing foot and make off with it . David look around , see : a fir € ax enclose in a glass case on the wall . david ollie ! the ax ! the ax ! Ollie let go of norm , rush to the wall , and slam he elbow hard as he can into the glass case -- it do not break , but he elbow almost do . he hiss in pain , clutching it ... ollie ow , fuck ! he glance back in panic , see more t crowd the load platform outsid Ollie suddenly clutches he chest , wheeze , unable to breathe ! heart attack ? no -- asthma attack ! a bad one ! he see a box of can goods , grab a can of chili , ram it through the glass -- crash ! he reach in , fumble to retrieve the ax ... entacle appear , 38 . david and norm David slip and slide in norm 's blood , foot dig in , get drag as norm be pull along in fit and start . tentacles be darting , dip in , nip piece out of norm , rip up little hunk of clothing and flesh ... norm gaaaaahhhhhhdd ! gaaaaahhhhhhdd ! Ollie come staggering in the grip of a full - blow asthma attack , wheeze like a bellow , fire ax raise high , try to get enough aim to whack off a tentacle , norm gape up at this new insanity about to descend upon he . . Ollie swing the ax down , blade slice the air , but : David abruptly lose he sweaty grip , fall back in a sprawl . the ax nearly take off norm 's head , barely miss and slamm concrete as norm get yank away from they ... norm go sailing / slide across the floor , scream and writhe wildly , try to sit up , and : wham ! he slam face - first into the bottom of the load door , lop onto he back from the recoil . the tentacles flex and coil , try to jerk he outside , but : norm grab the bottom lip of the door with both hand ina white - knuckle death grip . the tentacles pull harder , cause norm 's body to rise off the ground , but he will not let go , he 's do chin-up on the door for dear life ... David look to Ollie , stunne , think Ollie 's die . Ollie 's on he knee , gasp , unable to breathe , clutching he chest and fumble in he pocket , try to explain : ollie ---asthma ...fuckin ' asthma ... David scramble forward , get a new grip under norm 's arm , pull for all he 's worth , scream with effort ... Ollie come staggering , take desperate hit from he inhaler , also grab norm ... more tentacles be slithering past they , explore -- a huge one ripple by they like a gigantic boa constrictor , probing the pallet of goods . it grab a 50 pound bag of dog food and squeeze , explode dry kibble all over the room . other tentacles descend , mindlessly scarfing it up ... David and Ollie be whining with effort and terror , the load door buckle and groan from the pressure . norm be gaze up at they , whimper , head whipping from side to side as if to deny that he 's be eat alive , moan : 39 . norm ++- do not let it get I ...' kay ... a tentacle thwacks onto one of he hand , rip the flesh away to bone , but still he hang grimly on . another rip the skin and flesh off he bare foot . norm 's past scream ; he 's just let out long , shiver sob . tentacles come near David 's and Ollie 's head , probing the air , sniff to see if they be edible . one make a grab for Ollie , who bat it away and backpedal , let go of norm . ollie david ! david , it's no good ! a tentacle dart and sn fall back with Ollie tentacles seethe and fla . white , still hold on . ap at David 's face . he also let go , in a asshole - and - elbow tangle as il . norm be watch they , face drain David scramble and grab a mop handle , prepare to push the load door button with it . he look to Jim , who 's watch with a drugge expression on he face . david start the generator ! no reaction -- Jim just stare at the roiling tentacles , myron still sprawle on he ass on the floor next to he . furious , David pick up a box of bleach , chuck it hard -- it slam Jim in the stomach . he grunt , look .toward they like , huh ? david start the fucking generator ! Jim blink , as if come out of a daze : jim I be sorry . how the hell be I suppose to know ? you say you hear something but I do not know what you mean , you . should have say what you mean better . I think , I dunno , maybe a bird or something ... Ollie stagger to he foot and run to the generator . norm be stare at they , hold on , the tentacles rip at he , droplet of blood patter to the floor . other tentacles , include a few big one , be crawl across the floor , explore . one get close to Jim , who step back and trip on he ass , join myron on the floor . another grab a box mark " charmin " and squeeze , rupture it and send roll of toilet paper raining and bounce everywhere . the generator roar to life . 4u . David hesitates . norm 's eye be boring into he , hellishly aware . he know what 's happen to he , know what David be about to do . David stab the button and the door descend . norm 's grip finally come loose and he thud down onto the load platform . then he 's slowly pull away , both hand ( one a skeletal claw ) scrabbling weakly on the concrete , eye on David , flopping and roll as he vanish into the mist . the large tentacle be still play with toilet paper roll when the door come down , indent it . the smaller tentacles go whipping out in the blink of a eye ... but the large tentacle get stick , writhe wildly as the door get hang up , jerk up and down in its track , try to close . David grab the ax , run over , sever the tentacle in a spew of brackish blood . the tentacle pull free , leave just that one severe tip flopping on the floor like a fish , and : the door . finally . close . nothing now but the grumble of the generator and David panting harshly in the aftermath of he exhaustion and terror . Jim rise unsteadily , take a couple of step toward he . jim look , look ... y' gotta understand ... David throw a punch . Jim 's too surprised to even duck it . whap ! right in the mouth . blood start to flow . david you get he kill ! do you get a good look at it ? do you get a good look at what you do ? David vent he rage , throw punch and landing some solid one . Jim stagger back , take it numbly , in resignation or penance . suddenly Ollie 's there , pull David off . ollie do not , David . do not - hit he anymore . it do not solve anything . david you two asshole get that kid kill ! and I get he fuck blood on I ! David pulis away from Ollie . he squat , put he head down , take deep breath . he wait to see if he 's gonna black out or puke , or what . finally , he look up at Ollie . softly : david okay . I be do . ollie good. good . what 's next ? 41 . david kill the generator . that 's the first thing . . Ollie go off to do it . jim yeah . let 's get out of here . I be sorry about the kid , but y' gotta understand -- myron hey , we do not twist he arm ! he make he choice too ! david yeah ? he be a kid , he 's suppose to be stupid ! what 's you excuse ? ( off they look ) go back in the market , wait for we by the door . do not say a word to anybody . not yet . . Jim and myron shuffle out . the genny die -- back to darkness . beat . David click a flashlight on , aim so Ollie can see . Ollie loom from the darkness , still not breathe xight , take long hit off he inhaler . a long silence as both man try to absorb what just happen , then : david I be sure norm the bag boy do not expect that to happen when he wake up this morning . ollie we have to tell . they . the people in the market . stop they from go outside . david they will not believe we . camera push in as Ollie crouch , the flashlight beam turn they face into scary Halloween mask float in the dark . ollie they have to . david I be not sure I believe it , and I be here . what we see ... it 's impossible . you know that , do not you ? so how do we convince they ? what do we say ? Ollie , what the hell be that tentacles even attach to ? 42 . they ponder that , as : we fade to black and bring up a title : a_discussion with norton int . market - day David draw near the aisle where the woman be look after billy . amanda appear from the aisle , gasp at the sight of David -- he 's dishevel , bloody . he quickly put a finger to he lip in a " do not make a scene " gesture . she lean in . amanda ( quiet , intense ) my God , be you all right ? david Fine -- yeah , fine . not my blood . just want to check on billy . he look past she , see billy curl up in Sally 's lap . amanda what the hell happen ? david gotta handle something first . please , just keep you eye on he , okay ? she nod , want to ask a million question , but hold back . David turn , head back toward the load dock where : we find Jim , myron , and Ollie hover by the beer cooler . Jim and myron be both already drink in earnest . Jim 's hold he cold beer to he bruise face and split lip . he wordlessly offer up the sixpack . Ollie tear one off , crack it , start chugge . myron hand David a kitchen towel and a bottle of water so he can clean up . .- jim I be sorry about norm . ai not makin ! no excuse . just say . david . we have to tell people . no need to say how it go down ... but we be in deep shit here , people need to know . ollie we expect you to back we up . jim yeah . yeah , sure . can not have them just walk out , can we ? like that lady whose kid be at home . oh , Lord , what a mess . 43 . ollie where do we start ? how do we do this and not cause a panic ? david let 's quietly tell a few key people , go from there . you guy be local , people from around here be more likely to take you word than mine . ollie you be a local too . david my family root , yeah . but I do not grow up here , make I a outsider . you know damn well it do . myron what about the out -of-towner ? get plenty of they in the store . David see norton at the front of the store , look to Ollie . david Brent norton ? he 's a New Yorker , get a lot of respect in this town . his credibility could be a plus . ollie okay , but do it quickly , David . we have to discuss how to stop that thing from get in here . jim what do you mean " get in ? " you guy shut that load door , right ? ollie yeah . but the whole front of the store be plate glass . camera push in as they turn to stare at the window ( which be fracture with large crack , remember ) , they face go slack as it sink in how vulnerable they truly be . myron ( a whisper ) Jesus Christ in haircurler . myron crack another beer , start gulp . David head to : the front of the store people be restless . many be at the window watch the mist . David approach norton and Bud , eyeing the plate glass , sick with fear at the think of what might be out there . 44 , norton David . where would you get off to ? david that 's what I need to talk to you about . David pull norton aside , walk he down the aisle toward the back of the store : david listen , that guy who come in yell about something in the fog get he friend ... norton yeah , they get he quiete down and tuck away in the manager 's office . somebody give he a valium . he be scare people babbling about he hallucination ... david they be not hallucination . norton ( stop , stare ) oh , now , David , do not you get hysterical too ... david Brent , listen to I , this be really important ... ollie , jim , and myron be watch David try to convince norton . from here , it look like the conversation 's get heat . : myron I do not think it 's go very well . David grab norton , walk he down the aisle to the other , norton get all blustery and shaking he head : norton no , no , no , no ... david tell he . ollib it 's true . myron tentacles . ayuh . 45 . norton gentlemen , no . I be sorry , but I be just not that stupid . ( direct at David ) what do you take I for ? you think so little of I ? myron {beery , slurring ) Mr. norton , lissen , s'like this ... norton it 's ridiculous . bither you be have I on , or ... or you be suffer some kind of group hypnosis . david come back there with I . I will show you the blood . and a chunk of tentacle on the floor . norton no . david what ? what do you say ? norton no . this pathetic attempt at a joke have go far enough ... ( turn to go , mutter ) -+- and do not I feel stupid ? I think you be be kind to I today ... david Brent , look -- David grab he arm , but norton pull out of grasp so hard he almost lose he balance , along with he temper : norton no , you look ! it 's a sick , puerile , stupid joke ! it 's a banana skin , and I be suppose to slip on it ! ollie Mr. norton ? what reason could we possibly have ? norton oh , please . this be payback for that lawsuit I file against he . and you guy be back he up . ( to David ) pretty tasteless to use what 's happen here as a excuse to make a idiot of I ... 46 . david ..- that 's not what 's happen ... norton win in court be not enough for you ? now you want to take I back there to gawk at some 98 cent rubber novelty while this hick stand around laugh they ass off ? myron hey , you wanna watch who you be call a hick , prick . jim whoa , easy , myron . Mr. norton , I swear , you get we all wrong . norton none of you be exactly crazy about out - of - towner , be I right ? I have see you talk behind my back , the way you all stick together . ( spin to David ) I be glad that tree fall on you boathouse , - you know that ? glad . stove it in pretty well , do not it ? fantastic . now get out of my way . norton try to go past , but David grab he and norton trip '' — ~ into the shelf -- a few bottle fall and break . people be start to notice now , drift this way , as : david I know you be scared . I be too . but there be life at stake , my boy 's most of all . I need you , goddamn it , so get you head out of you ass . I will drag you back there if 1 have to . norton get the hell off I ! help ! make he let I go ! . bud hey , hey ! what be this ?! Bud be elbow he way through the gather crowd . norton pull free , shirt pull out of he pants , flushed with rage : norton I be gonna sue you ass again , you hear I , drayton ? I will sue you ass right off , and then I will have it throw in jail ! he assault I , you be all witness ! he 's crazy ! 47 . ollie no , he 's not . I wish he be , but he be not . off Bud 's look , Ollie turn and yell : ollib hey ! everybody in the store ! you wanna come back here and hear this ! it concern everybody ! {to David ) be I do all right ? david Fine . ollie Mr. David drayton have something to tell you ! you need to hear it in case you be plan on leave ! people gather . amanda and the other woman appear . Sally bring billy , the boy confuse and rub sleep from he eye , as : bud I do not know what you people think you be do , but I can tell you it 's go to be report to the Federal Foods company ! all of it : ( to pitie ) you be drink , for God 's sake ! you want to iose you job ? I will be take down 's name ... ( glance to David ) +;- start with you ! and make no mistake -- there May be charge ! ollie Fine , Bud , write down you name , but in the meantime , shut the fuck up . and listen . Bud react as if slap , stunne that Ollie just speak to he like that . Bud glance to David -- go ahead . David hesitates , all eye now on he . mike hatlen , david okay . here 's how it be . I do not know what this mist be ... but there be thing in it . and they be dangerous ... one of the town selectmen , speak up : mike thing , David ? what kind of " thing ?* 48 . . david we go back in the load dock . five of we . Jim and myron ... Ollie and I ... norm , the bag boy . we open up the load door so norm could go out and clear the exhaust vent for the generator . something come out of the mist and take he . bud take he ? what do you mean ? where — be he ? david go . it kill he . dragge he off . {off they look ) I can not tell you what it be . all we see be tentacles . this get a few nervous chuckle , which spur norton : norton tentacles , he say ! the tentacles from Planet xx ! ( look to Bud ) it 's a lie , you know . this people just lie each other up . ~ bud of course it 's a lie . it 's lunacy . ( holler ) : norm ? where be you ? nothing ... just silence . people look nervously around . ollie you honestly think he 's hide ? have a laugh at you expense ? be that what you truly think , Bud ? angle to amanda and Sally , irene and hattie . Sally 's get she arm protectively around billy . everybody wait , listen . sally ( get scared ) norm ? david go ahead . search the store . you will not find he . bud nhesitate ) norm ! show yourself ! right now this very instant ! 49 . mrs . carmody ( 0.s. ) Little normy 's go . death take you little normy . all eye turn . here she come in she canary - yellow pantsuit . mrs . carmody you listen but do not hear . you hear but do not believe . who want to go outside and see for himself ? nlook to David ) and what do you propose to do about it , Mr. David drayton ? what do you think you can do about it ? sally can not somebody make she shut up ? nmr ... carmody be you scared , dearie ? no , not yet , but you will be . the end time have come . the move finger have writ , not in flame , but in mist . the earth have spew up Hell 's abomination , and when you see they face to face , oh then you will be scared , yes , scared aplenty when they drag you off ! you will be with little normy soon enough ! ollie ( take she elbow ) that 's enough now , Mrs. carmody . that 's just fine . mrs . carmody do not you touch I ! it 's the end of everything ! it 's death ! beard biker it 's a pile of shit . myron look , mister , do not you think we know how this sound ? but it 's the flat - out truth . we all see it . david ( to Bud ) do not take we word . come look . bud lead the way , Mr. drayton . let 's get this foolishness over with . David turn , glance to Jim and myron . they do not want to go , but they nod in agreement anyway . they all enter : 50 . the loading dock the man enter , flashlight beam sweeping the shadow , face pale and ghastly . Bud 's bravado be drain away ... once you get a person in the dark , logic flee . he can see the place be trash : box knock over , toilet paper roll everywhere . David bring he toward the load door . Bud 's flashlight beam find the blood on the floor , a lot of it , long streak already turn brown , lead to the big roll - up door ... »+- and there , curl on the ground , be that bit of tentacle , look rubbery . . bud {a whisper ) what the hell ? David grab the mop handle , poke the tentacle ... once , twice . it move , make Bud jump , the fragment clenching and unclench convulsively , its barb mouth gape open as if sscream ... then it curl up and go still again . now that it 's finally dead , it decay before they eye at a startling xate . Bud make a choke sound of shock and disgust ... in the market + - and they exit . Bud pause , face everybody in the store . bud people . it appear we may have a Problem of some magnitude here . we fade to black and bring up a title : the flat earth society ext . market / parking lot - day a drifting shot take we ominously through the mist , past the vague shape of park vehicle ... and the market loom from the murk , materialize before we eye as camera move to the window to reveal : : people inside . pile big 50 - pound bag of fertilizer and dog food like sandbag along the plate glass ... int . market - day camera here be handheld , drifting and probing , always restless , always on the move : we pull back from dan miller , a middle - age man on a ladder , taping the crack in the glass with pack tape while jog and buddy eagleton ( brother ) hold the ladder . db. angle drift back through a lot of activity -- bag after bag be laid down , more arrive from the back of the store , while other item be also gather and laid out : mop handle . can of charcoal fluid . knive . all impromptu defensive item . angle find billy -- the boy' in plain view of he father , be watch by Sally . nearby , norton be with he " group , " about ten people who have gravitate to he side . norton you people be get stampede , do not you see ? you have four witness to this suppose event . one of they I do not trust at all because he have a grudge against I . of the remainder , two be hopelessly inebriated ... he indicate Jim and myron , who ( yes ) be pretty shitface by now and still suck down the beer . ollie what about the fourth ? I guess that would make I a flat - out liar . norton yes , it would . I find that far easier to believe than tentacles . ollie tell you what , Mr. norton . why do not you go out that door and around back ? there 's a big pile of return bottle norm and I put out there this morning . you bring back one of that bottle ... even one ... i' 11 take off my shirt and eat it . norton I refuse to be suck in by you pathetic delusion . the evidence here be flimsy border on ludi-- david ( cut he off ) this be not a courtroom . you be not argue a case . and you be not do anything but damage talk the way you be . norton and you can throw as much cow 's blood around the load dock as you want , you be still not fool anybody ... $ 2. ollie leave it alone , David . you can not convince some people there 's a fire even if they hair be burn . denial be a powerful thing . : norton this be absolutely moronic . norton withdraw in disgust toward the back of the store . norton anybody who want to discuss this rationally to find a mean of rescue be welcome to join I . that who want to take part in he travesty , go right ahead . i'11 have no part of it , nor would any think person . angle shift ( remember , camera be drift , restless , on the move ) to Mrs. carmody eyeing they , suck on a tootsie pop : mrs . carmody keep think , Mr. lawyer . there be no defense against the will of God . no court of appeal in Hell . ( to David ) no defense here , neither . not with all the bag of fertilizer in the world , not even if you stack them high as that prideful tower in babel . they all just bag of shit now , be not they ? amanda I guess you would be the expert on that . Dan enter frame , Joe follow through with the ladder . dan get that window tape up . perhaps it will do some good . David and Ollie trade a look -- they can not believe that , but do not want to be discouraging either . amanda be the only one who catch it . she draw closer : amanda that bad ? David just give she a subtle nod -- yeah , that bad . mrs . carmody I have see the sign . I have read the revelation . there be that here I have tell , but be not none so blind as that who will not see . 53 . she move to the window , point out at the mist . mrs . carmody " and the temple be fill with the smoke from the glory of God , and from he power ; and no man be able to enter the temple till the plaque of the seven angel be fulfil . " mike : well , what be you say ? what be you propose ? mrs . carmody propose ? why , I be propose that you prepare to meet you maker , Michael hatlen ! myron prepare to meet shit ! woman , you tongue must be hang in the middle so it can run on both end ! myron 's advance on she , but Jim restrain he . '' jim come on , pal , easy now ... people be pause now , draw to the confrontation , as : mrs . carmody doubter will doubt to the end ! yet a monstrosity do drag that poor boy away ! thing in the mist ! every abomination out of a bad dream ! eyeless freak ! pallid horror ! do you doubt ? then go out ! go on out and say howdy - do ! a little girl burst into tear , bury she face against she father be leg . the adult be either disgust or fascinate , but all be silent and listen now . father shut up , lady , God 's sake . David glance over , see billy peer with wide eye . david you will have to stop now , Mrs . carmody . you be scare the child . my little boy . mrs . carmody the child should be scared . oh yes they should . they head be ( more ) 54 . mrs . carmody ( cont 'd ) fill with lie , all this talk of modern God . only one true God , the God of the israelite . he 's a stern and vengeful God , and we be mock him far too long . now he 's call we to pay we debt in blood . amanda blood ? mrs . carmody that 's right missy thing , blood . like what trickle down you leg once a month . why you think God give woman the curse ? as a reminder . but that 's just be a downpayment . now we pay the rest . ( look around ) read the good Book ! it call for blood ! expiation ! sacrifice ! amanda step up calmly and slap she hard across the face . amanda you shut up that bad talk . Mrs. carmody touch a hand to she mouth , find a little blood there . it make she smile ... and she hold it up for all to see . amanda back away , realize just how crazy she be . amanda sorry , folk . this lady 's perspective on thing be a little too Old Testament for my Lutheran taste . sally she have it come ! I would have do it myself ! carmody singles Sally out , drift ominously toward she . mrs . carmody they will get hold of you . not today . maybe tonight . when darkness come . Sally shy back . carmody turn slowly , address they all now , eye go from face to face . mrs . carmody they will come at night , and take someone else . see if they do not . and when they do , when you be next , then you will come weep to I . you will beg mother carmody to show you what to do . dd . ollie that 's fine , but until then , if you do not shut up , we will wrap some of this tape around you mouth . mrs . carmody you try it , Ollie week . ( turn to amanda ) and you , bitch . hit I again if you dare . you will be on you knee to I before it 's through . she plant she tootsie pop back in she mouth , drift quietly off . people get out of she way . angle find one terrify woman , pale and watch ... already believe . favoring david as the moment end , everybody around he freak - out and grimly silent as they drift off to resume they preparation . ollie that of you who be not local should know that Mrs. carmody be well know in town for be unstable . beard biker no shit . what be you first clue ? mike okay , we can use the charcoal fluid and mop to make torch . and we get knife and such , God know . amanda which God , hers ? he like knife , apparently ... dan this may be a silly question , Bud , but you do not happen to have a gun . in the store ? bud please . this be not dodge city . or Los Angeles . a old man , ambrose cornell , pipe up : ambrose get a shotgun in my truck . I could try for it , if you want . david I do not think that 's a good idea , Mr. Cornell . 56 . ambrose I do not either , son , but I think I would offer . dan well , I do not think so ... amanda hold on a minute . all eye turn to she . she look very self - conscious as she open she purse , dig around , and pull out a small Smith & ld wesson j-frame revolver . i " amanda : this gun ... my husband 's idea . : ( embarrassed ) i he insisted . he 's away on business | a lot . it 's not even load . : ambrosb | so what good be it ? she go into she purse again , bring out two plastic speed - loader , each contain six round . david you know how to use it ? amanda _ I shot it only once , on a target range . Dan take the gun , manage to fumble the cylinder open . mike okay , we get a gun . who know how to shoot it ? well , I mean . people glance around at each other . then , reluctantly : ollib I do . bud you ? you will be too damn drunk to see before dark . ollie ( ignore he ) I have do a lot of target shoot . I be state champion back in ' 94 , David give Ollie a look -- the little assistant manager be full of surprise . Ollie take the gun , load and handle it with deat expertise . he crack the cylinder , apply the speed - loader , shut the cylinder with a flick of he wrist . 57 . david okay . you be in charge of the gun . ( to amanda ) if that 's okay ? amanda nod , relieved . Mike and Dan move off to help the other pile the bag , while : David go to billy and irene . the boy 's eat a hershey bar . David kneel , put he hand on billy 's forehead . david feeling better , champ ? billy ( nod solemnly ) how come nobody . come and rescue we ? why do not that Army man call they friend to come get we ? David glance over , see bisby , jessup , and Donaldson apart from everybody else , have some kind of quiet but heat debate -- in fact , they seem on the verge of a argument . David find it odd , but do not give it that much think . david I do not know . billy you think mommy 's okay ? david billy , I just do not know . I wish I do , but I do not . billy ( eye brim tear ) I want she awful bad . I be sorry about the time I be bad to she . David hug he , pull he close . david mommy love you , billy . and I bet she 's fine . I promise you I be go to do everything I can to get we back to she , okay ? that 's all you have to think about . billy nod , miserable . David feel helpless , want to believe it himself . he look up at Sally 's tremble , tear run down she face desperately Sally and irene . david Sally ? you folk still in Boston ? 58 . sally yeah . till next week . so I guess they be okay . irene I be sure they be . you just be strong for they , dear . suddenly , raised voice be hear come this way : joe ( 0.s8 . ) you be crazy if you go out there ! norton ( 0.s. ) let we pass ! let we pass , please ! David rise . norton and he group ( now on ly five people ) appear with Joe dogging they , Mike join in : mike wait , please , let 's talk this thing through ... norton we have , and we have make we decision . ' we be leave . dan whoa , now , hang on ! Mike 's right , we can talk it over , can not we ? Mr. Mackey 's gonna barbecue some chicken on the gas grill , we can all sit down and eat and just -- norton and let you go on talk ? I have be in too many courtroom to fall for that . you have psyched out half a dozen of my people already . mike " you " people ? what kind of talk be that ? they be people , that 's ali . you want to get ‘em kill ? there be , for want of a better word , thing out there in the mist -- norton thing , you say . we have be here since this morning , and I have yet to see a " thing . " nor have anybody else , and people have be stare out at that mist for hour . ( look around ) who have yet to see one ? 59 . jim back in the load dock , jackass , dig the wax out of you ear ! norton no , no , no ! that ground have be cover and cover ! ( turn ) listen , everybody ! we have experience some sort of natural or manmade disaster ! that 's all ! the only way we can help ourselves be to seek rescue ! we be go out ! : irene no ! you can not ! one of norton 's group , a elderly woman , face they : elderly woman will you restrain we ? will you ? the challenge be clear .. - use force or let they go . softly : david no . no , mar 'am , I do not think anyone will restrain you . Brent , listen ... norton I be not discuss this further . certainly not with you . david I know . I be just ask a favor . off norton 's question look , David grab a package of white clothesline from all the supplies that have be gather . david will you tie this around you waist ? norton what in God 's name for ? david it will tell we you get at least three hundred foot . something flicker in norton 's eye -- a hesitation , like norm have before he open the load dock door . but then : norton no . I will not . beard biker { o.s. ) I will do it . 60 . all eye turn . mike you throw in with he ? beard biker I ? no thanks . I think you man there 's a little too tightly wound . gonna get somebody kill . ( to ambrose ) I be think we could use that shotgun of yours . I see where you park when I pull in . Red pickup , right ? Far entrance . ambrose weigh this , dig he key out , offer they . ambrose you get brass balis , son . shell be in the glove compartment . you can drive back . Pump the pedal three time to get ‘er start . the biker take the key , tie the clothesline to he belt ( which have a huge " live free or die '' buckle ) . norton 's bristle , but have no choice . ollie you want a knife ? the biker lift he shirt , reveal a buck knife in a scabbard . beard biker get one . you just see to pay out that line . if it bind up , I '11 cut ‘er loose . just so you understand . davia nod . he turn to norton , hold out he hand . david Brent . good luck , man . Brent just stare at David 's hand like it 's a foreign object . norton we will send back help . norton go to the door , push it open , step out . the other in he group file out aft er he ... except one man , who freeze . norton glance back at he . the guy just shake he head , back away in fear . norton dismiss he in disgust . the biker pause at the door , look back at Mrs. carmody . 61 . beard biker hey , crazy lady . I believe in goa , too . I just do not think he 's the bloodthirsty asshole you make him out to be . mrs . carmody take it up with the Devil when you grop in on he . chew it over at you leisure . she give he a chilly smile . he just turn , exit . mrs . carmody they will die out there . Mark I . norton 's group start off . people crowd to the window , peer over the " sandbag , " watch . David and Ollie pay out the clothesline , keep it from tangling . the group get indistinct very quickly ... then vanish from sight , swallow by the mist silence now . tension thick . people strain to see or hear anything . the only sound be the clothesline quietly reeling out , rub softly against the door jamb . the second tick by . the line keep be draw out , foot after foot , yard after yard it suddenly stop , go slack in David 's hand . pause . it start again . everybody remember to breathe . the rope keep go , at least two hundred foot of it now go , close in on three quarter . people be start to get hopeful .. ollie {a whisper ) they be do good . Real good . -+- and suddenly the line be yank taut . davia scream as it rope-burn through he hand , whipsaw erazily from side to side in the door , go still , start whizzing out again . David be hold on , get drag , Ollie grab he and try to hold he back ... faint , distorted sound come waver out of the mist , weird and surreal : distant hellish scream , somebody yell , a few snatch of word ... elderly woman ( 0.s. ) -- off I -- oh lord--off -- and now come other sound , weirder by far : a long , ww unearthly howl give way to deep snuffling and savage , tear grunt ... oz . David yell , foot dig in , other jump in to help , keep he from be pull out the door ... and the line abruptly go slack out there . they fall back in a tangle heap . a final distant howl die away to nothing ... David scramble , pull the line in as fast as he can , try to find the end of it . it pile up at he foot , the rope turn red as it 's reele in , soak with blood , and : here come the biker 's leg get drag across the pavement tike a huge piece of bloody bait , the rope still looped through he belt ... but that 's all that 's leave of he . everything above the waist be bitten off , go . amanda ( near tear ) oh , God , close the door ! myron slam the door , face white , scared sober . nobody speak in the long , shocked silence that follow , except : mrs . carmody ( placid , quiet ) now do you see ? now do you believe ? we fade to black and bring up a title : when darkness come int , market - day / dusk battery -operate coleman lantern be be switch on and set out , people 's face harsh and colorless in the glare ... tracking shot bring we along the sentries station at the barricade plate glass , eight man peer out . improvise weapon be close at hand , include several mop with they head sit in bucket of charcoal fluid . outside , all be mist . night be come , deepen the shadow , wrapping the store in a shroud . the sodium vapor lamp in the ' parking lot look like eerie , distant planet in the gloom . Ollie 's at the end of the sentry line , peer out , gnaw a chicken leg . suddenly , a shadow seem to glide past out there . he pause , blink , rub he eye . he glance over , see Dan stare at he , give he a strain smile . ollie you stare at something long enough , you eye play trick on you . dan ( softly ) I see it too . do . o£f Ollie 's look , we go to : int . employee lounge - day / dusk " Lounge " be overstate thing -- it 's little more than a coffee room with a few locker , a table and chair , vend machine , fade safety poster on the wall . camera drift ominously , find Sally . she 's at she locker , uniform hang up , gym bag at she foot , just pull on she jeans . she seem very vulnerable in here ail alone . she get she sneaker on , grab she gym bag , head for the exit , come around the locker -- somebody 's there . she stifles a scream , drop she bag . it 's jessup , the young soldier she be smile at earlier at the checkstand when he first come in . sally Wayne . Jesus . you scared the shit out of I . jessup Sally -- I be sorry . really . my bad. ( hesitates ) I ... I see you come in here . 1 think . .. think I would come in and say hi . see how you be hold up . sally barely . how about you ? jessup worried about my folk , I guess . you know they live up on shoreham Road ... less than five mile from here . this mist ... who know how far '' it 's spread ... ( pause ) what about yours ? sally they be out of town right now . jessup that 's lucky . means they be okay . Sally nod , try to keep it together . sally how soon you shipping out ? jessup couple of week . 64 . sally you scared about go over there ? jessup yeah . sure I be . they eye meet . pause . we feel the weight of thing between they that have be leave unsaid for a long time . sally Wayne ? how come you never ask I out ? we flirt all through high school . I know you like I . so how come you never ask I out ? jessup dunno . I always want to . stupid , I guess . she kiss he . it turn passionate . they start get carry away ... but she stop , push he away ... jessup ( back off ) ++- shit , I be sorry ... sally +-- mo , do not be , it 's just ... ( beat ) shit . I do not want it to happen tike this . not in a shitty locker room at work . it 's not exactly the way I always imagine it , y'know ? jessup ( nod , beat ) let 's just stay in here a while , then ... okay ? just the two of we ? she lay she head on he shoulder ... int . market - day / dusk --.and we find David 's group sit in a aisle : billy , amanda , irene , hattie . they be have a desultory meal of grill chicken . hattie 's get billy , cling to he . David can not help notice she 's tense , verge on hysterical . he try a tactic to get billy out of earshot for a moment : david hey , you gotta eat , big guy . keep you strength up . billy I be not hungry . 65 . david well , maybe you would bring I some more , huh ? go back there and get I some from Mr. Mackey , okay ? amanda I will go with you , billy . would that be okay ? billy " kay . David give amanda a grateful look . she rise , take billy 's hand , head toward the back . David look to hattie . david you gonna keep it together ? hattie how bad will it be tonight ? david hattie , I just do not know . hattie you let I keep billy as much as you can . okay ? David , I be ... I think I be in mortal terror . yes , I believe that 's what it be . but if I have billy , I think I can be all right . I can be all right for he . irene we be all terrify , dear . there 's no shame in it . : hattie I be so worried about my Alan . the iast I see he , he be out back mow the yard . he 's dead , I think . in my heart , I be sure he 's dead , david you do not know any such thing . hattie what about steff , David ? do not you have some feel about ... about whether she 's all right ? david it 's kill I not know . that 's why I be gonna keep it together and not give up hope . so I can get we back to she , I and my boy . that 's all that matter . 66 . suddenly , Ollie 's there , beer in hand , crouching down : ollie there be thing move around out there . david what do you mean ? ollie shadows . thing in the mist . ( off David 's look ) i'm not drunk . I have be try , believe I . wish I could . 1 think my eye be play trick , but Dan see it too . so do arnie simm . Ollie toss a careful look over he shoulder at Mrs. carmody . she 's. sit by herself , eat chicken yavenously with she hand , surround by bone like some cannibal queen . ollie that woman be nut , but she may be right about one thing ... I think that thing out there get more active when it get dark . ( check he watch ) daylight 's just about go . David look up , see billy and amanda return up the aisle , billy carefully carry a plate of chicken . David smile , see the boy munch a leg . at the barricade gordon ennis be man he post , eye glaze from boredom and exhaustion . he click on one of the coleman lantern so he can see , take he eye off the mist long enough to snag a piece of chicken , turn he eye back to the window ... +-- and a fly thing come right out of the mist and slam to the plate glass with a loud thump , attract to the light , cling there before he eye . Gordon jerk back ... david '’s group +:- and amanda freeze as Gordon 's scream erupt from the front of the store . billy drop the plate , food all over the floor and he sneaker . David and Ollie jump to they foot -- david hattie ! watch billy ! ~~ and they burst from the aisle to see Gordon staggering away from the barricade in terror , flee toward the back . Sally and Wayne jessup come run from the employee lounge , see David and the other racing toward : 67 . the barricade people come crowd . and what they see cling to the glass blow they mind with shock and disgust : a 's ent bug about two foot long , eight leg hold the glass with sucker pad , asymmetrical cluster of eye revolve on individual stalk , clear membranous wing flex wetly , a barb stinger where the sexual organ might be . amanda oh , God ... as they watch , more of the bug come flitting out of the mist , | thump - thump - thumping to the glass , cling there ... a swarm : of they , vary in size from one to two foot , milling . aimlessly , crawl over one other , dumb as housefly . Mrs. carmody come strolling with a chicken leg in hand , i lick grease from she finger , eye gleam . mrs . carmody " and there come out of the smoke locust upon the earth , and unto they be give power , as the scorpion of the earth have power . " ( a whisper ) wow . look at that stinger . Ollie reach up , gently tap the glass . a bug take off , then land again . other people start tapping the glass ; make the swarm flit off , but they always come back , settling . : amanda ( realize ) the light . I think they be attract to the light . ollie maybe we should douse the --holy shit ! = ii word be lose as a bigger and more awful thing appear : we will call it a " bird " -- it 's like a pelican in size , but a miniature pterodactyl design by hiernyomus bosch in look : a sharp triangular head with disease orb for eye , a beak snout snaggly with tooth , flap leathery wing . it snatch a bug off the glass and toss its head back , scarfing and gobble , the bug squirming dow its gullet . the creature then flap off and vanish as abruptly as it appear . a long beat of freeze silence , and then : suddenly , more " bird " appear , feed frenzy . they start thumping the glass , crash into it -- wham , wham , wham ! the glass start erack from the repeat impact , threaten to give way . swarm like seagulis in a os . utter pandemonium ensue : people scream , some sobbing , many run to the back of the store . david douse the light ! people scatter in all direction to extinguish the lantern , some press they hand against the glass to keep it from implode , everybody yell at once . in a aisle hattie scream as a flood of people rush past toward the back , protect billy from the stampede . a old lady fall right in front of they , scream as she get run over . at the front thump , thump , thump -- the pterodactyl - bird be strike the window , glass crack and craze under the assault , and : wham ! one of they hit the glass and a corner chunk of window fall in , smash on the ground -- a hole be now open up . a bug scurries through , come down the glass and onto the bag of fertilizer . a sentry , tom smalley , gape up at it in horror , smashes it with a mop handle . the bug fall writhe to the floor . smalley slip , go to he knee , whack it over and over , try to kill it , as angle whip to : David dunking a mop into a bucket of lighter fluid , yell : david ollie , we gotta plug that hole ! they look over , see smalley whack the bug , but : above he , more bug be enter , climb ovt across the barricade bag , take to the air , swarm . people be run and scream , try to kill they with mop handle . . amanda 's in the thick of it , swinging a garden rake . she impale a bug in mid-air , slam it to the ground , whacks it to piece . she duck as another bug whizze past she head like a huge hornet , head towara Sally ... amanda sally , look out ! +- but Sally turn too late , the bug ramming its stinger deep in she neck . she scream and fall to the floor , try to tear it away . people rush in , include jessup , flail with jacket and stomping the bug , as angle whip back to : David , as he see : a 50 - pound bag of fertilizer at the top of smalley 's barricade be shifting , about to fall . david smalley , look out , head up ! but smalley never even hear he -- the bag slide , slam down on he head , lay he out cold , as : a _pterodactyl - bird poke through the open in the glass , beak gnash . it scramble through , wing fold , perch . no on the bag like a gargoyle . amanda shoot it ! shoot it ! ollie I can 't ! i'll hit the glass ! david gimme a light ! I need FIRE ! Joe eagleton come run with he Zippo lighter , fumble the wheel , get spark but ho flame , as : the " bird " tilt its head , eyeing smalley unconscious on the £loor below it . the creature hop down onto smalley 's back , landing in a flap - and - flutter of wing , and then : to everybody 's horror , the creature dip its head and rip smalley 's neck away in a gout of blood with its beak , shriek as it throw its head back and start to feed ... amanda grab a three - pack of disposable lighter from the impulse rack , desperately try to rip the package open , as : a second " bird " come through the hole , flap into the air over they head and sailing down a aisle . Ollie turn and run after it , gun aim , try to get a clear shot ... amanda get a lighter out , toss the remainder of the package to Joe . she start desperately try to get a flame , but : amanda goddamn child - proofing son of bitch ! she get a flame , thrust it . David 's mop erupt in flame , whoosh , instant torch . 7 he rush forward , jabbing the flame weapon at the monster feed on smalley . the creature shriek and flap , fight back , claw the air in fury , gobbet of bloody flesh catch in its tooth . fluid from a can . the fluid spray the monster , soaking it , ke to the wu . sally lie convulse on the floor , the sting from the bug swell she neck up to twice its size , face and neck go black and blue , die horribly before we eye , jessup kneel in a helpless white - hot panic , grab she flail hand ... jessup -.- do not do this , Sally , do not do this , you be gonna be okay ... angle whip - pan with Joe as he run to a mop stand ina bucket of charcoal fluid , frantic . he pull the mop , ignites it with a bic -- whoosh , up it go -- but he trip on the bucket and go sprawling , lighter fluid everywhere , and : whoom ! he 's catch in a fiery explosion , fireball rise to the ceiling , Joe writhe and scream in the flame . Men come run , try to slap out the flame with furniture pad , everybody scream , sheer chaos : mike where be the goddamn extinguishers ? david duck as pterodactyl - bird # 1 flap past he head wrap in klame , drop burn piece of itself . David pursue it with he mop , the creature shriek and burn and bashing into shelf , bring down can and jar . David chase it down , smack it to the floor , beat it to death , while : ollie race down the aisle , yell for people to get down , try to get a clear shot at Bird # 2 as it shriek and flap through the air . somewhere , Mrs. carmody be scream , exultant : mrs . carmody ( 0.s. ) } " ... a great voice from the temple say to the seven angel , go you way , and pour out the vial of the wrath of God upon the earth ... " Ollie almost get a shot off , but a shrieking woman with a toddler suddenly pop up in he sight -- he barel manage to avoid shoot she , hold he fire as the " bird " rise up , circle off over the aisle ... Pov of bird # 2 zoom in flight over the store , pass the aisle below , people run and scream , and we Pov soar over Mrs. carmody gaze up and shouting : 71 . mrs . carmody " .. , and there fall a noisome and grievous sore upon man which have the mark of the beast ... " front of the store Men blast the flame with extinguishers . David run in , pulis Joe from the fire , amanda smother he flame , while : the hole in the window camera push in as a monstrous centipede poke its head over the lip , squirm through , its million scramble leg rattling over the bag and down the front of the barricade and onto : the floor it come fast toward we , the size of a huge boa constrictor , mandible clack , stream up the aisle toward : billy . held by hattie turman . both freeze in utter shock and terror , mouth gape in silent scream as the huge centipede - thing bear down on they like a speed train . suddenly , irene reppler lunge into frame , bellow like a lunatic , a can of raid ( the big size ) in each hand . she spray the centipede-thing right in the face . it recoil , chitter and convulse as she coat it with insect killer . irene strike a wooden kitchen match , use it to turn a can of raid into a flamethrower -- whooosh ! the centipede burst into flame , whipping and convulse as it get barbecue . irene go march up the aisle toward the front of the store , grab a cheap tennis racket from a display as she go . the front of the store the man be reeling , scramble to plug that hole in the glass . David jam a mop handle up there , shove hard to keep a third screeching , flap pterodactyl - bird from get in . david help ! we gotta plug this hole ! a bug suddenly scurries from behind the bag , skitter onto he arm and poise its stinger . David scream , but can not let go of the mop or the " bird " will get in . suddenly : irene appear at David 's side , blast the bug with raid . it reel back and she whacks it to paste with the tennis racket for good measure , scream at the man : irene plug the goddamn thing ! tae Mike , Dan , and a few other come run with a sheet of plywood , struggle it up onto the barricade , lay it flat against the glass , Dan taping it in place like mad , while : produce section a man run as pterodactyl - bird # 2 come flap up behind he and slam he to the floor . the man struggle , scream as the creature try to tear he face off , and : blam ! a bullet smack through the creature , flipping it off the man . the monster shriek , struggle to rise . Ollie , down at the far end of the aisle , fire again and blow the thing 's head apart . it die in a thrashing heap . front of store the last few lantern be douse , plunging the store into final darkness . all we be leave with be the faint , otherworldly sodium - vapor glow seeping in from the parking lot lamp , as : camera drift past they face ... daze disbelief , bone - deep shock ... past Tom smalley lie facedown and dead in a pool of blood ... past Joe on the floor , moan with third - degree burn , char hand look like claw ... job -.- 0h God ... I be hurt ... ain 'ot I hurt bad , though ...oh God ... ... and we come to Sally , dead and stare , neck horribly swollen , jessup weep over she . David 's on he knee at Joe 's side , stare at Sally , aghast . he look up , meeting amanda 's gaze , as : . terrified woman she be right . she say it would happen like this . she say they would come at night . she tell we that girl would die . all eye go to Mrs. carmody , who 's watch everything with a brittle smile of intense satisfaction ... we fade to black and bring up a title : the first night int . market - night we be hearing sound in the night ... thing move around in the mist in the dark ... distant , raptor- like shriek ... the flapping of strange wing ... the deep grunt of huge unseen beast in a world now primordial ... m3 . people huddle in the dark ( light only by tea -candle ) like we ancestor in they cave , just try to get through the night ... exhaust , daze with disbelief , etched with despair ... some be toss in sleep . some be awake , look like they will never sleep again . some be drunk and pass out ; some be , drink and try to get there . some be just hugging they knee and stare at nothing , mind go bye-bye . the three soldier be chainsmoke and share a bottle of Jack Daniels . jessup be shellshocked , numb . angle find the only person who seem to be thriving in this horror : Mrs. carmody . she 's on a altar-like sprawl of crate , light by votive candle , preaching in a low hypnotic monotone to the four people who have join she . david be slump , doze . irene and hattie be asleep . across from he be amanda , curl up with billy on a furniture pad . David come fully awake . he realize amanda 's watch he . a long look pass between they . in whisper : ° amanda this be not go to end . be it ? David say nothing . she reach she hand across the floor , touch he . there 's a connection grow here ... possibly a uncomfortable one . David check the time , whisper : david my turn on watch . I will not be far . just up there . okay ? she nod . David rise , drape a flashlight with fabric to keep the beam dim , head off . ollie be watch over the injure as best he can , make do with slim over - the-counter resource . Joe have serious third - degree burn , shiver and moan under a furniture pad , half - conscious . the lady who get trample have she break arm in a makeshift sling . a few other people have cut and bruise . David drift from the gioom , join Ollie . buddy eagleton be there too , keep vigil over he burn brother . david Joe ? how you hold up , partner ? joe D -- David ? that you ? 74 . david yeah , pal . how you do ? buddy nanguish ) it 's bad . he 's bad . job yeah . Jesus . do not know anything could hurt like this ... ( beat ) if you guy can not help I , you gotta end it , okay ? Ollie 's get that gun , right ? right ? buddy no , uh-uh , no way . joe you can not fuck around with I on this , bro . not with I like this . ( eye on they , plead ) I will do it . just gimme the gun ... david we be not there yet , okay ? joe --- please ..-. please ... david Joe , now listen . we be gonna work something out . just hang on a little more . will you do that ? ( to buddy ) stay with he . we will be back . buddy nod . David motion for Ollie to follow he . they rise , head toward the front of the store , whisper : ollie we can not just do nothing while Joe die . david I know . I have be think . ( off Ollie 's look ) about that pharmacy next door . David motion he toward the barricade . amanda carefully pull away from billy so as not to wake he , crawl to hattie , whisper : 13 . amanda hattie ? I need to go to the bathroom . will you watch billy ? {no response ) hattie ? she touch hattie 's shoulder -- and freeze . something 's very wrong . fill with dread , amanda reach for a tea candle , bring the light closer ... tight on hattie +--.reveal hattie 's eye stare ... dead . as amanda shift the light , camera pan to reveal a bottle of prescription pill lie empty next to hattie 's hand . front of the store David and Ollie find Dan Miller on watch . David wave Mike hatlen over . they crouch together , speak in whisper : david anything ? dan the last of that bug go away around four . Dawn 's come soon . ( glance up ) what 's on you mind ? David gesture to Ollie -- tell ‘em . ollie it 's Joe . if we do not get he on some serious antibiotic , he will die of infection . plus he need painkiller in the worst way . pain 's so bad he 's ask for the gun . . ( off they grim look ) all we have here be aspirin and liquor . dan you be think about that pharmacy next door ... ollie they have get silvadene , the stuff they use in burn ward . plus bandage , penicillin , oxycontin ... mike whoa , slow down ... ( to David ) you actually consider this ? te. david for a start . I have also be think beyond that . ( off they look ) I have be weigh this very carefully . we have to get out of here . I mean permanently . mike why ? we get plenty to eat . david it 's not about the supplies . what happen when one of that thing decide to break through this window ? I be talk one of the big one , like the one that kill norm . what do we do then , fight it off with mop ? dan I have be wonder the same thing . this window 's hang by a thread . anyway , the flame torch idea do not work out so well , do it ? we almost burn the goddamn store down . they look up as a figure appear from the darkness -- amanda , look pale and draw . she whisper : amanda it 's hattie . back of store amanda bring they down the aisle . billy 's still asleep . irene be sit with hattie 's body . she look up , whisper : irene I will watch billy . the man quietly gather up the corner of the furniture pad hattie 's lie o: in the loading dock -+- and bring the body in . amanda click on a flashlight . they lay the body atop box next to the two other corpse already there : Tom smalley and Sally . amanda ( shake , near tear ) I do not know how long she be there like that . lying there next to we . I think she be sleep . David look to the man , grow more determine than ever . we david I have get my four wheel drive out there . amanda you be talk about leave ? david we will try for the pharmacy first , bring back supplies for the injure . if we do not , Joe bagleton 's gonna die , and we can not let that happen . after that ... ( beat ) look , I can fit eight people in my scout . I say we drive south as far as the fuel take we , hope we get clear of this mist . dan that 's it ? that 's the plan ? david it 's all I have get . amanda you can not mean it . not after what happen to norton and he group . david they go like lamb to slaughter . do not mean we have to . amanda , think . norton get over two hundred foot from this store . I be park less than half that distance from here . if that . mike but who know how far this mist have spread ? could be the entire eastern seaboard ! david Hell , Mike , could be the entire world for all we know . we would be just as dead either way , would not we ? mike we have one gun . and how many round ? ollie I fire two . that leave ten . mike ten round , Jesus ... 78 . david okay , so , ten . you want another reason to get the hell out of here ? I will give you the best one ... her. Mrs. carmody . we very own Jim Jones . I would like to leave before people start drink the Kool Aid , y'know ? ollie he 's right . the flakier people get , the better she 's gonna look . mike : no , guy , that 's just crazy . it 's obvious she 's nut . who 's gonna : listen to she ? | amanda i you hear that woman out there after : Sally die . that 's one true believer . david I count four . she 's preaching to i they right now . by noon she will have i four more . by tomorrow night , when : that thing come back , she will have i a congregation . then we can start : worry about who she 's gonna sacrifice to make it all better . : you , Mike ? one of the woman ? my a little boy ? : dan he 's right . mike you do not have much faith in humanity , do you ? none whatsoever . mike ( look to David ) I can not accept that . I believe people be basically good . decent . my God , David , we be a civilized society ! david sure . as long as the machine be work and you can dial 911 . you take that thing away , toss people in the dark , scare the shit out of they , no more rule , you will see how primitive they get . scare people badly enough , you will get them to do anything . iy . dan that 's right . they will turn to whatever promise a solution . grasp at any straw . in quiet emphasis , he place hattie 's empty pill bottle on she chest , cover she face with the furniture pad . mike Ollie , help I , back I up here . ollie with what ? the holocaust ? rwanda ? the inquisition ? 9 - 11 ? read the papers , Mike . as a species , we be fundamentally insane . you get more than two of we in a room together , we start dream up reason to kill one another . why do you think we invent politics and religion ? mike I be not convinced . david nobody have to decide anything now . first thing 's first -- the pharmacy . that will be we test run , okay ? — we fade to black and bring up a title : the expedition to the pharmacy int . market - day David face he son , who 's on the verge of tear : billy I do not want you to . david it 's all right , Big Bill . i'11 bring you back that spiderman comic book . billy I do not want it . I want you to stay here . david billy . we have to get out sooner or later . you see that , do not you ? billy when the fog go away ... david it 's be a whole day now . 80 . billy daddy ... daddy , there be thing out there . thing . david there be a lot less of they in the daytime . billy ( draw close , whisper ) they will wait . they will wait in the fog where you can not see ‘em . and when you go out and can not get back in , they will come eat you up . ( fierce , panicky hug ) daddy , do not go . . david I will be back , billy . I promise . the boy start to cry , helplessly and deeply . David glance up at amanda , who take billy . David rise , as : amanda ( quiet , intense ) if something happen ... anything at all ... you cut and run . get you ass back in here . for you boy 's sake . he slip something into she hand , whisper in she ear : david something happen to I , the scout 's yours . look after billy the best you can as long as you can . she look down , see that he 's give she he car key . he go to the front of the store as angle widen to find : mrs . carmody and where do you think you be go , Mr. David drayton ? be you so anxious to make you boy a orphan ? people be gather , watch , as : david my boy be no concern of yours . ( to everybody ) listen up . we be go over to the pharmacy . we need to bring back supplies to help we injure . also there may be people trap over there who need help . 81 . ollie we be not take any chance , folk . at the first sign of trouble , we will pop back into the market -- mrs . carmody and bring the fiend of hell down on we head , say thankya ! woman she 's right ! you will make they notice we ! you will make they come ! why can not you just leave well enough alone ? dan Lady , this what you call well enough ? david you wanna stop we ? Fine . but first explain to buddy here why we be not get painkiller and medicine for he brother . . buddy screw that , I be go . even if 1 have to go alone . mrs . carmody ( to buddy ) and you will die out there ! you will step out that door and be tear apart ! . ( to David ) then you hellbound pride will get we kill . they will come for the rest of we just as this good woman say ! ( to the crowd ) you gonna let that happen ? it 's this sort of hubris ... this sort of pride in defiance of God that bring the final wrath upon we ! it 's death ! it 's deeaaaa -- and whack ! a can of peas fly out of nowhere and smack she in the head . her head sna ip back , daze and stunne . she look around , realize it be : amanda shut up , you miserable old buzzard . mrs . carmody harlot ! Whore ! ( point ) she serve the foul one ! she serve Satan ! | 82 . amanda bullshit . stone people who piss you off be perfectly okay . say so in the Bible . amanda pick up another can of peas , heft it . amanda and I get lot of peas . carmody look around , see people turn away , realize the spell she be weaving be break . softly : mrs . carmody there will be a reckoning , missy bitch . you will be the first choose , mark my word . irene we do not have all day to listen to you horseshit . let 's go . david ( to the soldier ) how about it , Army ? any help from the armed force here ? bisby and Donaldson trade dark look , drift away . bisby — fuck it . : jessup ( hesitates ) I will go . ' they gather at the door , a group of nine with a makeshift arsenal of knife , crowbar , sharpen mop handle . we have David ( ax ) , Ollie ( gun ) , irene ( carry - basket full of raid , plus she tennis racket ) , jessup ( somebody hand he a butcher knife ) , Dan , Mike , buddy eagleton , arnie simm ... and Jim grondin , look way bleary and hungover . jim what ' cha gonna do with that there tennis racket , Mrs. reppler ? irene maybe whonk you upside the head , for a start . ( peer at he ) Jim grondin , be not it ? do not I have you in school ? jim ( umeasy smile ) yes be . I and my sister pauline . 83 . irene pair of underachiever . after you , Jim . she straight - arm the door open , stare , wait for he to step out . look shit -scare , he do . the other follow . people be draw to the window , watch , as : ext . market - day Dan take the lead , follow by David , Ollie , the other . it truly be another world out here , silent , eerie as hell . camera drift in slow and ominous way , tracking we group through the mist as they move single file , weapon poise . the market be lose within yard , go in the mist . the only thing they have to go by now be the walkway connect the market and pharmacy . a trashcan loom by , and then : Dan Miller pause up ahead . he 's find the pharmacy door . dan oh , dear God , look at this . Ollie and David move up , see : a arm be stretch across the threshold , stiff and white , dead hand poise as if claw the pavement ... angle from inside pharmacy ++- and we find a body sprawle there , minus its head . the group gather in the open doorway , the old wooden door propped wide . Jim look ready to puke or run . he turn away , but irene prod he in the chest with she tennis racket . / irene steady . dan they a.c. be out . they have the door propped wide open . camera pull slowly back , revealing the store , as , softly : ollie I seem to be run out of hope , David . the pharmacy be a scene of carnage , but even more than that , it 's be transformed into something beyond weird : it 's like a white cave in here , wall and ceiling festoon with what appear to be silk . 84 . buddy . whatever come in here , look like it 's go . david let 's keep we eye open anyway . they enter , tense as hell , flashlight sweeping the misty . air , illuminate the silky stuff ... it 's everywhere , connect floor to ceiling , shroud shelf and counter . irene what on earth happen here ? what the hell get in ? David pause at a rack of comic book . he grab a spiderman , a hellboy , a goon , jam they in he back pocket . david where do they keep the med ? ollie back there , I think . I can barely see for all this stuff . the silk be get thicker the further in they go . they get to the pharmacist 's divide area , find the door open . david Ollie , you and I . inside pharmacist's cubicle they dart inside , Ollie scan the shadow with he gun , David play the flashlight beam around . Ollie find what they be look for , start grab thing off the shelf and jam they fast into a grocery bag ... ollie silvadene , perfect . penicillin . see any vicodin ? oxycontin ? outside the cubicle the other be tense , wait . push in on Dan , listen , start to hear scuttling sound . dan guy . hurry . I be hearing something . what ? david ( 0.s . ) Jim step tight into frame , look up , also listen . jim something fuckin weird . bo . jessup sweep he flashlight around , suddenly see something in the glare of he beam ... jessup oh , fuck ... ; :- it 's a dead human be tangle in the silk , embed in it , arm and leg outstretch at extreme angle 1 mouth wide in a silent scream . David and Ollie exit the cubicle , as : jim nstart to weep ) _ oh , God , no ...no , no , no ... they flashlight beam start find other body in the silk , body all around we , strung like macabre Halloween splay , face freeze and desiccate in death , hand contort into claw ... david ( breathless whisper ) this silk ... it 's ...oh , Christ , I think it 's web ... we have to leave ... Jim be wide - eye with horror , back toward the door , when : a_figure embed in the silk behind he suddenl reach out and grab he with a horrible groan . dim turn and scream . it 's the m.p. we see earlier in the market , he face a ghastly parchment white , barely able to speak : m.p. -- 80rry ... I be sorry ... all we fault ... help I ... please help I ... David and Ollie push Jim aside , try to pull the m.p. free . the m.p. suddenly start convulse , and they realize : there be thing crawl under he skin -- writhe , move lump . the m.p. claw at he shirt , convulse ever harder , rip button open , expose skin ... his entire torso be movin '' heaving , swell with countless move lump . we group back off in horror , as : david hear a noise from above ( like a faint bullwhip crack ) and look up as a streamer of white silk fly at he face . he jerk aside , it miss he by inch . the sound start erupting all around they , streamer of ' silk shoot out from all direction , as huge , spider - like shape the size of dog scuttle into view all around they , riding the contour of silk , surround they , cut they off , make horrific mewling sound ... 86 . david the door ! go ! but a streamer suddenly snare buddy eagleton 's thigh , twine and slice corrosively through he jeans . blood burst out as he jeans leg fall away and buddy go sprawling ... buddy - oh jesus that hurt ! David and jessup grab he , pull he clumsily to he foot , as huge spider - shape in the silk block they path to the exit . a spider -thing loom into the light , reveal : twelve oddly jointed leg , body glisten and hairy ... but most nightmarish of all , its face be vaguely suggestive of a human 's , and it 's grin . Ollie raise the pistol , shoot it between the eye . the thing cartwheel back into the silk , spew black ichor-like blood . another drop from the silk . David bury he ax in it . behind they , the m.p. shriek like a soul in hell , jerk in he silk cocoon prison , he body now undulate with whatever 's under he skin , swell like a balloon about to burst ... the m.p. 's convulse so hard he rip free of the silk , fall forward , and as he impact the floor , he split open like a vipe chrysalis , and : '' a elood of spider - baby come pour from he body across the floor , stream and scuttling , hundred of they , mewl tike kitten , face grin and insane ... David and the other make for the door as best they can , David and Ollie drag buddy between they , he lip already blue from blood loss , already go into shock ... crack , crack -- streamer shoot out of the web maze . one wrap around Mike hatlen 's arm , sink into he flesh . he scream . arnie grab he , try to pull he free , but : a streamer come whip - thwack around Mike 's neck . his eye go wide as he jugular erupt and he go down with a strangle sound , thrashing weakly as he get pull away into the webbing . the newborn spider - baby come swarm , lap up he blood like kitten , cover he in a undulate wave ... arnie scream , turn to run , but : a adult spider - thing pop from the silk and rear onto its back set of leg , nail he right in the face with silk - goo shot from a orifice in its belly . irene run up , spraying the thing with raid . the creature let out a mewling shriek from the depth of hell , fall back in_a scurrying / thrashing heap , and vanish into the web maze pull arnie with it . again , spider - baby come run , trail the human prize into the silken darkness ... we group keep make for the.door , bashing webbing aside , spider - baby swarm at they ankle , irene scream and spraying raid , scatter they back , David and Ollie and jessup @ragging buddy , Jim grondin just scream over and over again like he may never stop ... a spider -thing drop before they , twist and grin on its silk , and blam , get a bullet from Ollie for its trouble , and then they be out the door with Dan lead the way ... outside -. , and they be drag buddy , shape all around they , spider - thing in the mist . a huge one pop out of the trashcan they pass earlier , scurries over the side and onto the pavement , barring they path . Ollie level the gun , pull the trigger with a dry -empty snap , out of bullet , and Dan shove he aside , scream , and impale the goddam thing with he prybar , drive it back in a squealing explosion of black blood and flail leg , and David and Ollie be drag buddy eagleton between they , but : ollie David ! David , he 's dead ! let he go ! they get he artery ! and they drop buddy right there on the pavement , run for they life , and as they get to the door of the market they look back and the last thing they see be buddy 's corpse get swarm by spider - thing , spin they web and grin they grin and mewl like cat ... int . market - day - ; : and then the survivor be back inside , reeling in the aftermath of lunacy and nightmare , everybody in the market just stare as billy come run , hurl himself sobbing into he father 's arm , and Jim just scream and scream and scream , he mind totally go ... mrs . carmody ( laugh ) so ? how would it go ? -..and Jim 's scream just keep echoing as we fade to black and bring up a title : mrs . carmody and the soldier eee es int . market - day tight on david be face , asleep , curl into a fetal bail , torture by dream . his eye come open , hearing : mrs . carmody ( 0.s. ) --- expiation . it 's expiation we wanna think about now . we have be scourge with whip and scorpion . we have see the lip of the earth vomit forth obscenity of nightmare . the rock will not hide they , the dead tree give no shelter . and how will it end ? what will stop it ? voice ( 0.8 . ) ( mutter ) -.-expiation ...expiation ... David sit up , bleary , try to focus he thought . amanda sit across from he , watch he , she arm wrap protectively around billy . billy look exhaust and scared . billy daddy ? you okay ? david ( nod ) how long have I be out ? amanda . most of the day . you just come over here , laid down , and go to sleep . david pass out , more like it . just shut down for a while . I be sorry . amanda you need it . ( pause ) it. be bad ... be not it ?. david yeah . bad . Ollie appear , trail by irene and ambrose Cornell . david how 's Joe ? ollie he die of he burn while you be asleep . we be too late . David absorb this , glance up at Mrs. carmody 's voice . wy . david I think I be dream she voice . amanda no dream . it 's like some kind of crazy church service over there . she 's get people whipped up . david how many ? irene over a dozen . but more than that be listen . amanda they be give she credit for know buddy would die out there . and Sally before that . even norton 's group , when they go out . she 's get tem think she 's psychic , like she 's get some kinda direct line to God . ambrose why would not they ? woman never shut up . like that speech castro use to make . it 's a goddamn filibuster . david Jesus . ambrose Jesus get nothin ' to do with it , son . she 's be talk human sacrifice . ollie yeah . seem to be she growth stock . David struggle to he foot , still a bit woozy . irene Ollie tell we you be think of leave . I be in . david no. sorry . I can not walk out that door again . ever. ( off they look ) you see what happen to buddy . Mike . arnie . I will not do that again . I will not be responsible . I will not . ollie you may have to reconsider . yu. they exit the aisle , find myron lafleur and Dan Miller watch Mrs. carmody from a distance . David look down toward the produce section , where : the crazy woman be lead she " service , " work it like a old - time fire - and - brimstone tent revival . people be crowded around , other scattered about , as : mrs . carmody expiation ! let I hear you say it like you mean it ! various people -.-expiation ... expiation ... jim ( shouting the loudest ) expiation ! expiation ! dan welcome to sesame Street . today 's word be " expiation . " david be that ... Jim ? dan that boy have not be right since the pharmacy . his mind 's just snap . go . myron ( watch he friend ) I just can not fuckin believe this ... jim be stare with bright , fevere eye , as : mrs . carmody expiation , that 's right ! it 's expiation gonna clear off this monster and abomination ! expiation gonna drop the scale from we eye and let we see ! and what do the Bible say expiation be ? what be the only cleanser for sin in the Eye and mind of God ? jim blood ! tight on david watch . horror seeping into he bone . he notice : gh. david' Pov Mr. Mackey , the butcher , be one of carmody 's group . he have he back to we . a gleam butcher 's knife , crust with dry blood , be tuck in the back of he apron string . suddenly : Mackey turn ... look over he shoulder at David , meeting he gaze . Mackey 's eye be vacant . he look back to Mrs. carmody . mrs . carmody blood ! it 's blood that be demand ! blood that will wash away we corruption and sin ! blood ! favoring david myron well , this be just so much bullshit . we gotta put a stop to it just about any way we can . ' dan myron , wait , no -- but myron go over to Jim , grab he by the shoulder to try to talk sense to he . suddenly , we can hear Jim yell ... jim no , you shut up ! you ! it 's still a free goddamn country , so shut up if you know what 's good for ya ! --- and wham , Jim punch myron in the mouth , lay he out on the floor , start kick he . myron scurries away , clutching he bleed mouth , as : mrs . carmody another unbeliever ! but he will believe , yes , he will believe before it 's through ... david' group david ( softly ) it have not even be two day . not even two day . dan so much for the goodness of mankind . awful thing to say , but I be glad Mike 's not alive to see it . ollie what do you say we get out of this loony bin , David ? David turn . do not want dl ambrose I intend to leave or die try . I be not spend the rest of my life in here , tell you what . they be all look to he . it 's obvious he that responsibility . ollie I can quietly gather some bag of grocery together , hide they up at the checkstand by the door . dan it be you idea . it 's you vehicle . it will be on you say-so . David meet amanda 's eye . amanda _t think you be right before . and even if you be wrong , you know what ? I would rather die out there try than in here wait . {beat ) I would do anything ... take any chance ... just to see the sun again , david I want to know what this mist be . maybe it will help we figure out what we be up against . ( off they look ) I want to talk to the soldier . ollie the soldier ? why , what 's that gonna do ? david do not you remember what the m.p. say in the pharmacy ? ollie David , I be not even sure I know he be talk . the situation be a littie insane . trene ( realize ) he say he be .. 's sorry . that 's the word he use , be not it ? * sorry . " dan that 's right . he say it be they fault , do not he ? ys. amanda what do he mean by that ? david that 's what we be go to find out . have you see they ? ambrose not since we get back from the pharmacy . they Army boy be look like scared rabbit . david irene , look after billy , please . irene nod . the other join David , look for the soldier . various angle David and the other split up , walk the aisle , search ! for any sign of the soldier . they be nowhere to be see . we i hear Mrs. carmody preaching throughout , the only sound in the store , a unnerve and relentless backdrop : mrs . carmody } " ... and the seventh angel pour out he vial into the air , and there come a great voice out of the temple of heaven , from the throne , say : it be do ...° camera follows David alone now , search , see people scattered about the store , get he share of hostile and paranoid look . still no sign of any soldier . mrs . carmody " ... and there be voice , lightning and thunder , and a great earthquake such as be not see since man be upon the earth , so mighty a earthquake , and so great ... " murmur from the crowd , a woman call out : '' woman ( 0.s. ) I feel that earthquake ! I feel it ! David move along the checkstand , notice : cigarette smoke rise from one of the checkout . David move toward it , find jessup on the floor there . he 's smoking , jumpy as hell , hope nobody notice he . he see David . jessup what ? pa. Ollie and Dan have notice , start drift over . jessup see they come . David crouch down . big a store . david where be you friend ? jessup : dunno . ai not see them . : david i how could you lose ‘em ? not that : jessup try to leave , but Ollie arrive and block he escape | path . jessup shrink back like a cornere cat . . jessup I be not see them , I say . I look like they keeper ? what the fuck you want from I ? david what do you know about this mist ? jessup I do not know nothin 's ! nothin ' ! 1 get nothin ' to do with it ! david — _ — that 's not what the m.p. say . in the pharmacy . before the spider come out of he skin . jessup I do not give a fuck . leave I alone , I say , you deaf ? now Dan arrive , make jessup even more skittish . dan : they be not in the store . not even the restroom . only place we have not check be the load dock . david ( look to jessup ) that where they be ? load dock ? jessup I do not know . maybe . go see if you be curious , just fuck off already . ; david I would like you to come with we . ! jessup ' screw you . 95 . david ( pause , quietly ) i_ know you be a hometown boy , but that cut you zero slack . Ollie there have a gun . if you do not come quietly , I be go to ask he to shoot you in the leg . he will do it , teo . and then we be gonna drag you . another pause . jessup check they face . he crush out he cigarette , hand quavering ... moving camera +.. and they come down the aisle toward the load dock , draw as little attention as they can , while : mrs . carmody ( 0.s. ) } " ... and they gnaw they tongue for pain and blaspheme the God of heaven and repent not of they deed ... " favoring jim listen to carmody preach . he glance over , see David 's group move into the load dock , he curiosity rouse ... in the loading dock David 's group enter , spread into the darkness , click on flashlight . eerie as hell in here , especially with the earlier casualty laid out atop the box like some bizarre funeral bier . Joe 's burn corpse have join the other . David look to jessup , give he a nod . jessup bisby ? Donaldson ? no reply ... just choke darkness . flashlight beam crawl , make the shadow move in sinister way . dan dammit , this be the only place they can be . jessup look , I tell you , okay ? I do not know where they be , and I do not -- ambrose jesus ! flashlight sweep upward . amanda stifles a shriek . two uniform figure hang in the shadow above they , foot dangle , ghastly face stare down , neck stretch at 96 . horrific angle , clothesline connect they neck to the ceiling pipe above . bisby and Donaldson . David 's flashlight travel down , the beam find the chair they place atop the stack of box and kick away to hang themselves . jessup gasp , break down in tear : jessup I do not think they would do it . they say , but I do not think they would . oh Jesus ... david it 's the arrowhead Project , be not it ? this mist , it 's some kind of military fuckup . what be you guy mess with up there ? huh ? jessup turn , run for the door , bump right into : Jim . he 's follow they in . jessup scream in fright . Jim grab he , pull he forward , camera following as he hurl he right through the swinging door into : . the market jessup sprawl headlong , as : jim it's they what do it to US ! they what brung down the final wrath ! jessup glance up , see people come from all around . David and he group rush from the load dock as people converge from all point of the compass , but the scariest one be : mrs . carmody ( stride this way ) what 's this ? what 's this ? jessup it be not my fault ! jim I hear he ! that two peckerwood he be with go and hang ' nemselves ! they know , they know all along ! jessup he 's crazy ! he do not know what he 's talk about ! jim they hear it too , yes they do ! that arrowhead Project up the mountain ! that secret shit they be do up there brung it on we ! vie mrs . carmody ( approach , check uniform name tag ) private ... jessup ? jessup {on he knee , plead ) it be not I ! I be just station up there ! I be not responsible ! Hell , I be a local , most 'a you know I , I just join up for my college -- she bend down , right in he face , nose to nose , scream : mrs . carmody stop you chickenshit whining ! tell I or i'll CUT you puling tongue out ! jessup I be just a grunt ... they do not tell I nothing ... but I hear stuff . Hell , we all hear stuff ... mrs . carmody stuff . : jessup _ ++. like how they think there be other dimension ... like all around we ... and how they want to try and open a... a window , like ... you know , so they could look through and see what 's on the other side ... mrs . carmody maybe you window turn out to be a door , do not it ? jessup not mine ! that scientist ! they must 'a rip a hole open by accident , and this other dimension come spilling through ... that 's what Donaldson be say before he hang himself ! I do not understand half of it ... {off she look ) it ain 't my fault ! he glance around , see a lot of bloodthirsty , vengeful face stare at he . Mrs. carmody turn , slow , scan she flock . mrs . carmody ai not . his. fault . no , be not nothin 's ever anybody 's fault . he deny . point the finger . this juda in we midst . 98 . David take a step forward , want to defuse the situation , but Ollie grab he arm , give he a firm look of " no . " mrs . carmody you have see it now ! the truth of what I say ! it 's this sort of hubris ! this sort of willful priiiide against God ! this defiance of his will ! camera churn in queasy 360s around she . . - she 's turn , savore the moment , look they all in the eye ... mrs . carmody we be punish for delving into secret forbidden by God of old ! walkin ' on the moooon ! splittin 's his atom ! messin 's with his stem cell for the secret of life that only God above have any right to ! gettin 's too big for we britches , be what ! and now his ju not be come upon we ! the fiend be let loose ! Star wormwood blaze ! ( turn , point at jessup ) and they do it ! they broucht the darkness down by spittin ' in the almighty' bye ! : jessup no ! jessup lunge to he foot , try to run . gim grondin shove he hard , rebound he into the other ... handheld camera --- and jessup scream , try to break through , but the crowd pummel he , drive he back , bounce he around in its big , rag circle . David try to jump in to help he , but gim see he come and whirl around , drive a fist hard into David 's face , lay he out flat , while : jessup be be hit , spun around , try to escape , and : sbhhkkk -- he run right into the tip of Mr. Mackey 's butcher knife . Mackey the neighborhood butcher , now just a mindless acolyte . jessup stand freeze , mouth gape . Mackey pull the knife out , stab he again ... jessup stagger back , clutching he stomach , turn and run , but the mob be on he from all side , press in , flail , punch , pummel , holler with bloodlust ... jim expiation ! expiation ! uy . +..and the soldier be plead for he life even as he get brutalize by little old lady and the guy who work at the gas station , by people who have be friend and neighbor , by people now turn savage killer , and we hear : mrs . carmody give he to the beast ! let the beast take he ! they lift he howling into the air , countless hand hoist he aloft , he arm and leg spread wide in a sacrificial i . stance , a crucifixion pose , and the mindless bellow mob : race up the aisle , knock thing from they shelf , leave be a trail of smashed jar behind , stampede toward : : the front of store the door be . throw open . the mob hurl the scream soldier out of the store into the parking lot . he land in a sprawl : out there , clutching he bleed stomach . they get the door } close , barring it , throw the lock bolt . i jessup stagger to he foot , daze and reeling , see where : he be . he turn to they , beseech , face white with shock as i the mob gather to the window to watch . he stagger to the window , scream , begging to be let back in , pound weakly on the glass . dozen of face stare back at he with bright , insane anticipation . david' group be David be try to run to help , but the other grab he , restrain he , Ollie literally drive he to the floor and pin he there , mutter desperately in he ear : ollie no , David , no ... we need you .. - billy need you , goddamn it ... front of store jessup at the glass , pound , plead to be let in ... and something loom from the mist behind he , something big and half - glimpse , a huge hunch shape out of a lovecraftian fever dream , glisten and massive and angular . jessup turn , all the breath leave he body , gaze up in awe and terror . he turn to the people lining the window , hand tremble on the glass , and we can not hear he , but we can read he lip : jessup --- please ... Lou . and then the thing out there take he , just snatch he away in a whirl of roiling appendage , a spray of blood hit the glass as he get yank off in the blink of a eye . nothing out there now but mist . nothing inside but people stare in silence . david' group stun , devastate , shaking . amanda be weep . mrs. carmody turn away from the window , gleam with satisfaction , look more alive than she 's ever be . mrs . carmody '' the beast will leave we alone tonight . tomorrow ... well , we will just have to wait and see , will not we ? we fade to black and bring up our final title : escape int . market - dawn deep silence . thick gloom . the world outside be brighten . we find David sit near the back of the store in a half doze , he chin on he chest . his friend be all around he , sprawle on furniture pad ... some sleep , some not . David rouse , glance to Ollie . Ollie look at he watch , whisper one word : ollie Dawn . David nod . the other start move , sit up . David carefully wake billy , whisper in he ear : david be you ready to leave the bad lady ? the little boy nod , very serious and solem . David look around at the other face peer at he from the gloom : Dan , irene , ambrose . myron , he face bruise , have also join they . so have Bud Brown , the store manager . slow nod all around . it 's a consensus -- they be all ready to leave the bad lady . in whisper : 101 . ollie Grocery be hide at the first checkout stand . five bag . we can grab they and be out the door . david scout 's unlock . whoever get there first , open the front and back door . everybody pile in fast as you can . they rise , move slowly and carefully up the aisle . David get to the head of the aisle , pause and peer out to make sure the coast be clear . he wave they out front of the store they move fast , come around the checkout stand to grab the grocery ... . which be not there . there 's just empty floor . they suddenly hear a paper grocery bag crinkling . they stiffen , look up . and there 's Mrs. carmody loom from the shadow , a grocery bag under she arm . she pull out a apple . mrs . carmody stealin 's ' food now . she take a big crunchy bite . David and he friend look around , see : figure be step from the gloom , hemming they from all side , dozen of people with vacant gaze , block the path to the door . many have weapon : knife , claw hammer ... david go out now , Mrs. carmody . stand away , please . mrs . carmody you can not go out . I will not allow it . dan wo not ... ablow it ? mrs . carmody it 's against God 's will . do not you know that by now ? what 's the matter with you ? do not you believe in God ? david no one have interfered with you . all we want be the same privilege . mrs . carmody privilege . 102 . she toss the apple , almost playfully . it smack amanda 's head , bounce off across the floor . she pull a bottle of milk , flip off the lid , take a long swig , eye on David all the while . she set the bottle gently down on the counter ... mrs . carmody privilege . -. , then she snap like a child throw a tantrum , smash the grocery bag every which way , fling it around , bashing it against the counter , spew its content , shriek : mrs . carmody privilege ? privilege ? hellbound prrrriitiiide ! she toss the mutilate , empty bag . shatter jar and spill can be everywhere . a rupture soda can go fizzing and roll quietly across the floor past David 's foot . Mrs. carmody pick up she milk , catch she breath , take another swig . Vengeance be thirsty work . mrs . carmody you all hear what he say ! this be the sort of people who bring it on ! people who will not bend to the will of the almighty ! Sinners in pride , haughty they be , and stiff - neck ! they mock we , they mock we God , we faith , we value and we way of life , they mock we humility and piousness ! they piss on we and laugh ! camera push in on her as she point , a mad inquisitor . Mackey the butcher and Jim grondin appear at she side , both brandish knife , both ready to kill ... mrs . carmody it be from they number the sacrifice must come ! from they number the blood of expiation ! David grab up the nearest thing he can find , a mop handle , not much of a weapon , but he wield it ... david you try it . you fuck try . mrs . carmody it 's the boy we want ! grab he ! take he ! show they the price of defiance ! it 's the boy we want ! + - ; and the mob be close in . David swing the mop handle , whipping it through the air , try to drive they back , keep 1u35 . they at bay only for the briefest of moment . amanda 's get billy , the boy cling to she neck , terrify : amanda David -- what do I -- Mackey and Jim come rush forward , knife gleam , as : mrs . carmody ( scream ) and the whore , too ! grab they both ! get the boy , get the whore , kill fem both , kill ‘em ali -- blam ! a single gunshot , loud as hell . the milk bottle in mrs . carmody 's hand explode , rupture outward , spew glass and milk in all direction . everything go still . Mackey and Jim ereeze a few pace away like kid catch in a game of " red-light - green -light . " mrs . carmody stand freeze , mouth agape - she drop what 's leave of the milk bottle , take a falter : no step back , look down at the rag , bloody hole in she stomach . she look up , try to speak . david be stare at she in shock , turn and see : ollie in a shooter 's stance , amanda 's gun hold in a two -hande grip , smoke drift from the barrel . mrs . carmody her mouth open and close , open again . she finally manage a croaking whisper : mrs . carmody --- kill they ... kill they all ... blam ! Ollie shoot her again , in the head . her head snap back , trail blood through the air as she 's spun around ... she clutches one of the register to stop from fall ... but the register tip and go down with she as she hit the floor . one last violent spasm , and that 's it .. - dead as hell . people be back away , stunne . Ollie jerk the gun at Jim , ready to kill he , but Jim drop he knife and retreat . Mackey also back away . a woman scream , start sobbing : a woman you kille@ she ! you murder she ! aus . Ollie 's in quiet turmoil , just as stunne as everybody else . David go to he , gently touch he arm . david thank you , Ollie . let 's go . ollie ( wrestle with it ) I ... I kill she . david that 's . why I say thank you . come on now . we have to leave . David move the group to the front door . he throw the lock bolt open , pick billy up , pause as : : ollie I would not have shot she , David . not if there have be any other way . do you believe I ? david yes . I do . ollie okay . okay then . let 's go . they throw the door open ... ext . market - day : -- and we be plunge into it , thing happen fast , handheld in the mist : Ollie 's run in front , pistol poise , the other spread out behind he , footstep clatter and echoing hollowly across pavement , David hold billy tight to he chest ... Ollie get to the car first , throw open the front and rear door on the driver 's side , turn , yell for they to come , and suddenly a huge shape materialize in the mist behina - Ollie as David scream a warning -- david ollib ! ~~ but the creature reach down even as Ollie 's turn , pluck Ollie off he foot , jerk he scream into the air , giant claw scissor and rip Ollie open in a terrible glut of blood that drench the front of the car , Ollie ' 's gun fall onto the hood unfire , and then the shape be go , take Ollie , vanish in the mist . . David scream in anguish , keep come , throw billy into the front seat , turn back as he hear amanda scream . . ius . a shriek spider - thing have leapt from the hood of a car , slam myron scream and flail to the ground as it busily cocoon he . amanda be freeze , scream ... behind she , Bud Brown back up in terror , turn and run back into he store ... irene step up , slap amanda to get she attention , then irene and Dan be run , pull amanda toward the car ... ambrose be at they heel , try to keep up , panting and whining in terror , when another thing reach out and pluck he away in a whirl of whipping appendage ... Dan , irene , and amanda get to the car , David shove amanda into the front seat and diving in after she , irene and Dan throw themselves in back , slamm door , and : they're in . they be safe . the four adult sit in total shock . billy 's cling to David , sobbing . a stretch of silence , and then : irene be we go ? David 's thought finally focus . he hand billy off to amanda . the boy whimper , cling to she . David put the key in the ignition , see the windshield and hood cover with Ollie 's blood . also : the gun be out there , lie on the hood . amanda David , no . but he do it anyway , throw he door open , lunge half out of the car , finger claw the hood , strain to grab the gun . we hear scuttle legs come , horrific mewling sound ... he get the gun , pull he arm back in just as : a spider -thing leap and land on the hood , dent it , miss David by inch , crack the windshield . a second spider - thing dash in from the side , slamming hard against the door just as David slam it shut , rock the scout on its wheel . the creature on the hood pause , stare through the windshield at they with its semi-human , grin face ... then scuttle up the windshield , across the roof , and leap off into the mist in search of easier prey . the second one also scuttle off . David let out a long breath , steady himself , start the engine . he hit the washer . the wiper work Ollie 's blood away . David put it in gear , pull slowly out ... angle at pavement level Ollie 's glass be big in frame f£.g. , one bloody lens crack down the center , as the scout pull away ... angle on market the scout loom from the mist , come around into the traffic aisle in a glare of foglight . as the vehicle turn , the light splash across the plate glass window . we see dozen of face at the glass , pale and silent , stare ... angle from inside market people be silhouett at the glass , the scout 's foglight send beam of light crawl through they midst ... outside the market .-. and then the stare face be go ... and so be the scout , taillight disappear into the mist , as we dissolve to : int / ext . scout - day the vehicle materialize , come through the mist , turn down David 's long driveway . he slow , as : David 's house take form before they . it look still , vacant , like a haunt house , window stare like empty eye socket . worse still , it 's festoon with spider - web . David lean on the horn , blaring it . a long silence . david we front window be break open . the tree ... my grandfather 's tree ... he look around , see : a familiar floppy sun hat be catch in a tangle of webbing at the side of the house , sway slightly in the breeze . his wife 's hat , the one she be wear the last time we see she . we pan from the hat to a pale dead foot dangle from a cocoon embed in the branch of the down tree . it hit David hard . he know it all along , but have to know for sure . now he do . he glance to billy . the boy be in amanda 's lap , mercifully asleep . amanda have no word of comfort to offer . from the back seat : irene I be sorry , David . truly sorry . 107 . David nod , put it in gear . he turn the scout around and head back up the driveway ... : dissolve to : int / ext . scout - day -».and a dissolving montage take we methodically through a blast , mist-shrouded world ... .- travel south , ever south ... -:.crossing bridge choke with car , maneuver around vehicle that stand mte and silent where people pull over when the mist come , many with door open , no people in sight ... -.. the scout ease gingerly over break section of pavement , past slab of tarmac stand up like tombstone , the result of some great upheaval ... x-.travel through a eerie , mist - shroud world in which unseen creature of nightmare shriek and howl , where winge shape go flap by overhead on leathern wing ... -.. try the radio , amanda scan the band , get nothing but soft static ... - , - pass a sign in the mist that read " portland -- next five exit " ... -- slow down to traverse another badly break section of pavement ... and as the scout move on , camera crane up to show the pavement they just cross below we , the break tarmac in the shape of a giant , primordial footprint ... dissolve to : ext . scout - day foglight appear , come slowly toward we in the mist . as it pull closer , the engine sputter , cough on fume ... and quit . the vehicle jerk , shudder , glide to a stop . we hold for a long beat , pushing slowly in as we dissolve : inside the scout the gas gauge be on empty . billy 's asleep . the four adult sit , exhaust . out of gas and out of hope . know what this mean . like Mrs. carmody say : it 's death . nobody say anything for a while , then : irene we give it good try . nobody can say we do not . 108 . david no . a heavy weight of silence . David work up he courage . pick up the gun . crack the cylinder . shake the bullet out . two round be expend . he discard the empty casing , leave four live round . he stare down at they in he palm . softly : david there 's four leave . he look up at the other . everybody know what this mean . dan there 's five of we . david I will figure something out . he load the shell , softly close the cylinder . he look up at they again . the moment be charge , awful . amanda nod , shaking , try not to cry . irene and Dan nod too . angle from outside the scout the vehicle sit silent and disembody in the world of the mist . we hear billy stir , he soft voice : billy ( 0.s. ) daddy ? and then four even -space gunshot be hear , muffle and at a distance . then silence . in the scout we find David sit alone in the blood -spatter vehicle , the other slump out of sight . he 's hold himself coiled tight , then let out a howl of soul- rending anguish and despair , dissolve into shudder sob of grief as he rock back and forth like a man in a asylum . he put the gun in he mouth , pull the trigger again and again , praying for a bullet to magically appear , but - no . he get hold of himsel£ . toss the gun aside . take a few deep breath , steeling himself like a man get ready to jump into a pool of ice water , fumble for the door handle ... get out ... outside the scout + + , and slam the door . he stand there look around at this primordial , dead - white world . seethe . diuy . david come on ! he turn and lay he hand on the scout 's roof , wait . and wait . and wait . and ... and ... here it come ... something big ... a deep growl noise ... come closer ... approach in the mist ... ... and now come another sound as well ... weird , waver in the mist ... unidentifiable , unearthly ... push in tight on david as he gaze up , listen ... wait ... ... and he look around , increasingly stunne as the day seem to brighten ... ..- and now the sound be deafen , the deep growl descend upon we , become a huge roar ... that roar ? tank tread ? and the other waver sound ... a voice ? on loudspeaker ? and now the day go brighter still as the mist start to part , dissipate as blaze light burn through the haze , mount on a tank , and figure in eerie hazmat combat suit come cradling weapon , enter the hot zone , sweeping the area , a voice booming like God from the mount speaker ... voice attention . .. all survivor . .. this area be under military control . .. all survivor report to our personnel for escort to the nearest aid station . . . .. and the mist clear completel : , '' sun break through , world turn green again as the soldier come trudging , they rank stretch into the distance , and several of they see David and come this way to help he , but : David do not see they . David do not hear they . David never will . David be clutching the roof of the scout . scream . and scream . and scream . and scream . davia will never stop . crash to black