untitled mar project episode 101 ( 6.21.16 ) written by Beau willimon title and credit 1 they begin as white text on a black screen to Colin stetson 's '' in Love and in justice '' - a multi-tonal piece play on a single bass sax . the background shift through the entire color spectrum from black to violet , red , orange , yellow , green , blue . the credit shift to the opposite end of the color wheel from the background , eventually black text , white screen . the song evolve from its baritone drine to the introduction of progressive chord , punctuate by quick intake of air from circular breathe . on one of this chord we CUT to -- ext . hellas basin - mar - eastern rim - day 2 a vast , rust - color plain beneath a pink sky . a smudge of mountain on the horizon . we hold on the hypnotic beauty of the emptiness . it could almost be a photograph . ... a faint dust devil in the distance - swirl into form and disappear within second . the camera ease back . the move be barely detectable until something break the bottom of the frame - a gnarled tangle of metal , half - bury , cover with over half a century 's red dust . cyrillic script . a Soviet flag . it 's the Russian Mars 2 lander , which fail to deploy its parachute and slam into the ground 50 year ago - the first man-made object to touch Mars 's surface . then , break the top of the frame , a hundred mile away from we , a bright flare in the sky descend obliquely . as it break the frame - a resounding chord - uplift and dangerous - a sternum - rattling chain of note , as though the music be willing this object into be . the flare fade until all that be leave be a small , dark speck . it continue to descend rapidly until - coincide with another chord - a supersonic parachute deploy . we CUT to much closer as , a few hundred foot above the surface , a cocoon of balloon inflate and envelop the speck . the parachute disconnect and waft away . the balloon object begin a free fall . it hit the ground , bounce high up again and into a succession of smaller parabolas , until it finally come to a rest . the balloon deflate . within be a landing pod , a conical vessel with a round bottom scorched by the entry . mechanical arm extend outward from the side to right the pod , so the cone be face up . the cone split into three separate plate which rotate outward and down , like the petal of a blossoming flower . revealing a rover - a six - wheeled chassis mount with robotic hardware . it have two logo : NASA and vista . with a deep , guttural note from the sax , the rover 's '' eye '' - a 360 degree camera at the end of a extend rod - rise out from the hardware to survey the landing zone . the eye tilt up , as if awaken . we CUT to the Eye 's view - the distant horizon . the song reach its crescendo . then abruptly stop , take we to : int . vista mission control - los angele , CA - night 3 the rover view of the horizon on a massive screen above 10 row of room - wide desk cover with monitor , technician , scientist , and engineer behind each . adjacent to the rover view be a digital map of Mars focus on the hellas basin with a marker for the rover 's location ( and other surface robot and hardware ) , as well as a second graphic show Mars in its entirety and the position of multiple object orbit it . in the upper right -hand corner be two timecode mark Earth and Mars time to the hundredth of a second : earth 6.16.25 16:39:xx GMT mar 114.52 13:39:xx mmt here on Earth , it be JUNE 16th , 2025 , three and a half year out from the schedule crew launch to Mars . we CUT to Flight director alvin barris ( early 5as ) , and martha hirsch ( mid 40s ) , the Mission Control director . both wear headsets . low -key and workaday in manner . alvin proceed to landing zone . martha go transmission . comm Command send . e.t.a for transmission 9 minute , 2 second . e.t.a. to target : 2 hour , 12 minute . martha copy . hab 1 landing countdown remain on schedule for t-minus 33 hour , 35 minute . we CUT to the rear of the room where we find laz ingram ( 52 , british ) , the founder and ceo of vista , the private space exploration company team with NASA on the venture . he 's stare at the massive screen , arm fold . laz have the bear of a man in cool command . he 's a visionary who , like all visionary , suffer from impatience but do not suffer fool . int . vista hq - pretesh 's office - day 4 pretesh khattak ( 40s , pakistani-american , the Chief engineer ) be with he team of engineer , include : min zhou ( asian - american , 30 ) , vivek ( indian -american , 30 ) , greg ( beefy , white , 20 ) , and wei ( asian -american , 20 ) . they're watch the rover feed on a large mount screen , listen to the audio from Mission Control . comm ( v.0 . ) feed income . a moment later , we see the view pan 90 degree to another part of the horizon . the assemble watch with awe . martha ( 0.s. ) give I high re and i.r. comm ( v.0 . ) command on deck . pretesh okay everyone , back to work . we have get data dump come in . ext . mar - hellas basin - day 5 we follow a line of tire track in the fine dust , until we arrive at the rover . we come around front and see the track extend to the landing module in the distance . the rover 's eye tilt down toward the soil . a mechanical arm swing out with a small drill at the end . the arm lower the drill to the surface , whereupon the bit begin to spin , then descend into the soil . its whirring and the screech of pulverize rock the only sound from here to the horizon . we hear another mechanical sound : the roar of a chainsaw . ext . alaska - 40 mile NORTH of the arctic circle - day 6 tight on a chainsaw bite into ice . CUT to a wide shot to see a parka-clad man with the see at the center of a large , freeze lake . there 's a snowmobile near he and a husky darting around nearby . closer on the man , as he push the cut ice through , and water from the lake bubbles up through the hole . the man be tom hagerty . he 's 52 but more fit than man 20 year he junior . a pepper beard dominate he face . there 's a matter - of - factness about he , a sureness and efficiency to he every movement . he fix bait to a hook . lower the line into the hole with a rod . props the rod up with a fork stick . take a moment to look around at the desolate surface of the lake . it never get old - the sublime . the husky start to bark . hagerty glance at the dog , who be bark in the direction of another ice hole about thirty yard away . the pole be quivering on its stick . hagerty make he way over . start to reel in the line . the catch break the surface . a large rainbow trout . he unhook the fish and head back toward the snowmobile . tight on hagerty gut the fish , the blood spilling onto the white snow . he toss some of the innard to the husky who hungrily devour they in a couple bite . int . vista hq - PRESS area - night 7 ROBERT cordine ( 5as ) - the NASA liaison - be do a stand - up interview with a news team . cordine the rover will confirm we soil composition estimate and give we a ground - up view of the landing . but tomorrow , that 's when interplanetary colonization really become tangible ... we CUT to the coverage fill the screen . the chyron read : Bob cordine - NASA Mars Mission director . cordine ( cont ’d ) by landing the hab 1 module , we be put the first technology on Mars that can support human life . the test we do on hab 1 and 2 - they 'il improve the subsequent hab we crew will call home . holly o'keefe ( late 20 ) , head of vista p.r. - to the producer -- holly get what you need ? producer we be good . thank you . as the producer shake hand with cordine -- holly ( to cordine ) plane 's wait . cordine 's assistant escort cordine off . producer ( to Holly ) when do I get laz ? 10 holly I give you cordine , do not I ? producer cordine be not news . laz be news . int . vista hq - mission control - day 8 on laz again , look at the big screen . alvin ( 0.s. ) laz . laz look to Alvin , who be point to laz 's assistant over by the door . she 's tapping she wrist . time to go . ext . fairbank , alaska - helipad - day 9 lauren gutierrez -holt ( latina , late 30 , vista 's Program director ) , parka-clad , on she phone . she personify competence and authority . it 's very windy . there 's a helicopter in the background , chopper pilot beside it . she have to shout to be hear above the wind . lauren tomorrow morning . laz ( 0.s. ) what be that ? she cover the phone so it 's block from the wind . lauren tomorrow morning . earliest . intercut with -- int . electric auto - drive minivan - day 10 10 laz in the back talk to the speaker phone . he 's stick in bumper - to- bumper traffic on the highway . there be no one in the driver 's seat . the car be drive itself . laz maggie 's adamant . 11 lauren there 's nothing I can do about the weather . laz do tomorrow give you enough time to get back ? lauren depend how long it take I to convince he . laz say again . gust of wind be tear across the tarmac . lauren I x11 call you when I have the yes . she end the call . approach the chopper pilot who be wait for she to get off the phone . lauren ( cont ’d ) you sure we can not try to beat the blizzard ? chopper pilot hundre percent . lauren ( point up ) the sky 's crystal clear . pilot that do not mean shit in Alaska . ext . alaska - 40 mile NORTH of the arctic circle - day 11 hagerty and pick up . the husky be mind the ice hole . the wind be hagerty look toward the sky , now beginning to fill with a oncoming front of cloud . decide it 's better not to remain out here , expose . time CUT to fish to the husky jump edge of the hagerty pack up the pole and strapping the back of the snowmobile . he start the engine . the onto the back sled . hagerty drive toward the lake . the wind intensify , snow beginning to slant down from the sky . 12 int . private jet - night 12 cordine be already on the plane . laz climb aboard . laz Bob . cordine we could have come in the same car . laz we could have . as laz settles into a seat not face cordine and uncap a wait bottle of water -- cordine I want to talk about hagerty . laz ignore he . as he retrieve a sleep pill and wash it down with the water , the jet pilot board -- jet pilot gonna be a little bumpy on the way out . Fire in the mountain be throw up some thermal . the two man nod and the pilot head into the cockpit . cordine near where you live , right ? laz wind 's blow the other way . laz lean back and close he eye . a beat . cordine I think we should reconsider . laz keep he eye close . laz lauren 's already en route . cordine I just think - from NASA 's perspective - hagerty 's a wild card and we should -- 13 laz open he eye and drill cordine with they . laz we have this discussion . then we have it again . we can go for number three , but I just take a ambien , and I be even more stubborn when I be sleepy . shall we continue ? cordine say nothing . laz close he eye again . int . vista hq - build facility - day 13 pretesh , minute , and greg be stand in front of the half - build hab 3 wear smock , surgical mask , latex glove , and plastic hair cap . minute show they a small , rubber washer encircle a valve . min we run the raw data again and we shake - bake analysis be off . we favore the wrong result . greg the entry heat could be great than its combustion limit . pretesh it 's at least six centimeter under the shield . min we be worried about free air . greg poke he pinky finger into the tube . greg trapped here . pressure might push it through the lock . she point to a coil of nylon rope in a compartment about a foot away from the valve . min could get this far . ( turn back to he ) which be exactly what I say when I get outvote by the other department . 10 . 14 int . fairbank , alaska - HOTEL - night 14 lauren be on she phone , look out the window at the blizzard . on the other end we hear -- chief accountant ( 0.s. ) about 46 over because of ot this week . lauren how can we make it up ? intercut with -- 15 int . vista hq - conference room - day 15 a glass - wall conference room at the far end of the office bull - pen . about a dozen department head gather . head accountant I be work with Sam on material . SAM ( head of purchasing ) avisma will sell we titanium for 10 percent less . it 's a Russian company , so NASA might not -- lauren you test the sample ? SAM pretesh say they be good . lauren alright , I 'il talk to bob. ( shifting focus ) Press ? holly we have get the big four , plus CNN , bloomberg , and MSNBC . they all want one - on -- a knock on the glass . everyone look over to see pretesh . he mouth '' lauren ? '' Sam point to the speaker phone and mouth '' on now . '' pretesh open the door . lauren ( 0.s. ) Holly ? 11 . pretesh hi lauren - it 's tesh. ( to the other ) I need the room . time CUT to lauren sit on the edge of the bed . she look stress , but not shake . she glance at she watch . lauren he 's in the hearing ... pretesh ( 0.s. ) I be not say we have to stop the countdown ... CUT back to the Conference room . pretesh be alone . pretesh ( cont ’d ) at least not yet . we should have a better sense in a couple of hour . lauren keep the circle tight . I do not want this distracting he ... 16 int . WASHINGTON - rayburn build - hearing room - day 16 a close hearing . laz and cordine be seat before the Appropriations Committee . seat with they be Senator margaret sayer ( early 60 , a Republican from Texas ) . she 's Ann Richards , if Richards be a conservative . they be join by the NASA administrator - cordine 's boss - deidre kent ( early 5as , politically savvy with the polish of a career bureaucrat ) . the Chairman of Committee be ted winthrop ( mid 40s , a Republican from Wyoming ) . among other be rep. hal schneider ( early 70 , Democrat from Massachusetts ) and gail ogelby ( late 30 , Republican from Mississippi ) . ogelby we be get into double digit . schneider billion that be not go to school , to infrastructure ... 12 . sayer Mr. Chairman . Congress have already commit to this plan . winthrop we approve 70 billion . not 80 . that 's 15 percent over - budget . laz no , it 's right on budget . we tell you 85 when we first propose . you say make it 70 or we get nothing . sayer discreetly touch laz 's arm , a signal that say he should soften he tone . but laz continue -- laz ( cont 'd ) we all know we have have to come back for more . we plan be still less than half of what my colleague at NASA be propose . deidre shoot a look at cordine while -- winthrop we job 's to make sure we be spend the taxpayer 's money responsibly . you job be to justify that you be . cordine Mr. Chairman - if we can get back to the specific line item , I believe we can make clear how -- ogelby what be this 92 million for nanotech ? kent the fda approve crispr testing on human , and we need to fund it . schneider but be it mission critical ? laz we can not fully predict the bio - stresser . nanotech in the bloodstream give we the ability to monitor and treat in real -time . 17 13 . ogelby by mess with genetic code . laz I would say improve . winthrop play God . laz I do not believe in God , so I be not in the business of play he . sayer , cordine , and Kent stiffen . ogelby be not pleased with the response . sayer we all know God be a she , laz . a few chuckle . this ease the tension in the room . sayer ( cont ’d ) the best way to see how the money be be spend be with you own eye . she look over to laz with a look that say '' step up '' . laz we hope you 's 1ll join we for the hab landing tomorrow . sayer you can meet we top candidate for crew commander . laz clenches he jaw . sayer just make a promise he can not necessarily deliver . we hear the whir of a snowmobile engine and CUT to -- ext . alaska - wood - day 17 the snowmobile be struggle to make headway through the quickly deepen snow . it 's beginning to get dark , and with the storm , visibility be poor . it lurch to a halt . hagerty try to restart the engine , but it stubbornly cough , refuse to cooperate . 18 19 14 . time CUT to hagerty inspect the engine . the husky huddle close to the snowmobile to get out of the gust . hagerty find a snap belt . pull it out . check he spare part bin , but there 's no backup belt to be find . he unpack a tent and a shovel from the sled . start to dig out a spot to camp . int . D.C. restaurant - night 18 laz alone at a secluded table . he 's on he phone . laz should I cancel the trip ? intercut with -- int . fairbank , alaska - diner - night 19 Blizzard raging outside . lauren 's in a booth at a greasy spoon world 's away from the plush restaurant laz be in . lauren tesh say they might need a delay . laz for how long ? lauren he do not know . they have to work out a fix first . laz maybe it 's better if we put the break on everything . take the rush off you , give I wiggle room with the clown out here . lauren it do not go well ? laz it could have go better . lauren what happen ? 20 15 . he see a hostess ushere Senator sayer toward he . laz she 's walk toward I . lauren game face , laz . he end the call . stands up as sayer approach . sayer ( to the hostess ) vodka gimlet up . the hostess nod and depart . as laz and sayer sit -- sayer ( cont ’d ) well - I appreciate you honesty , if not you style . int . fairbank alaska - diner - night 20 a waitress be set down a piece of pie with a fresh spoon , while lauren 's phone be connect a video call . we see a five - year old girl - ellie - on the screen . there 's something slightly off about ellie 's look and the fatigue in she voice , but with the image tight on she face and the shakiness of the camera , we be not sure ... lauren hey sweetheart . ellie hi mommy . lauren you go to bed soon ? ellie yeah . be you ? lauren I be have some pie first . lauren show she the slice of pie with the phone . ellie I want some . DELL ( 0.s. ) you already have dessert . ellie but now I want pie . lauren daddy 's right , it 's time for sleep . give I a kiss . 16 . ellie blow she a kiss . lauren blow one back . her husband DELL ( early 40s ) come onto the screen . DELL how 's it look ? she hold the phone to the window to show the blizzard . DELL ( cont ’d ) do not push he to go earlier than he 's comfortable with . lauren I will not . DELL you will . lauren I will not . ellie ( 0.s . ) can I see ? DELL show she the snow . lauren hold the phone up to the window again . when she look back at the phone , ellie have reappear . ellie do you see Santa Claus yet ? lauren Santa Claus ? 21 17 . ellie daddy say you be at the North pole . lauren Close to it . ellie so you will see he . lauren Santa Claus do not exist , darling . ellie 's face contort . dell appear back on the screen . DELL what be you do ? lauren we talk about this . DELL she 's five . lauren I be not go to lie to she . DELL we will call you tomorrow . lauren dell ... DELL she 's cry now . I gotta go . the call end . lauren look at herself in the spoon - a upside down , distort image of herself . allow herself three second of guilt , then bury it . set down the spoon . pick up she phone . start to type something out . during which we hear howling wind , which take we to -- int . alaska wood - hagerty 's tent - night 21 hagerty have a satphone link up to a tablet device within the cramped quarter , he dog take up half the space intend for a single human . 22 18 . on the screen , we see that he 's check the weather forecast . there 's a large front make its way over northern Alaska . he try to zoom in on it but the website be not respond . he reorient the antenna on the satphone and hold it up toward the top of the flap tent to get a better signal . it work . Zoom in on he location . it look pretty bad weather - wise . he click to a new window . his email . many of the message be Google alert for the vista / NASA Mars Mission . but among they , he see a email from lauren gutierrez - Holt . the subject be : see you soon open it . it read : since you will not answer my email , I be show up on you doorstep . stuck in fairbank , but come you way . do not shoot at the chopper . lgh on hagerty , brow furrow in the blue glow of the screen . int . D.C. restaurant - night 22 sayer this level of funding do not happen without oversight . laz you can not outsource and micromanage at the same time . we promise faster and cheaper , and you promise autonomy . sayer within reason . laz Congress be slow we down . sayer you will not speed anything up by pissing in NASA 's eye at hearing . laz they skin in the game be cover they ass . mine be get to Mars . sayer same as my skin . laz your be the construction job in Houston . sayer if all I want be pork , there 's a helluva lot of easier way to kill a pig . laz I can not get we there when we be 15 billion short . I be spend way too much time and effort -- sayer deal with it . there 's no Michelangelo without the medicis . laz the medicis be smart enough to buy the paint and get the fuck out Michelangelo 's way . she start to cut she last piece of steak in half . sayer I would never tell you how to build a rocket . my expertise be Washington . i’1l get you the money . but that mean roll out the red carpet tomorrow . laz the landing could be delay . off she look -- laz ( cont 'd ) it 's a technical problem . there 's a valve washer that -- sayer then you better get I hagerty . 23 24 20 . ext . alaska wood - day 23 hagerty emerge from the tent with the husky . the snow be deep but fall lightly now . the wind have die down . time CUT to he crouch over a propane stove . he hold both end of the snap belt over the flame , melting the rubber , then press they together , fusing they . hold the fuse portion over the flame once again , press the bond together with he glove hand . then push the belt into the snow to solidify the bond . time CUT to hagerty fitting the belt back into the engine . the sky be clear now . he hear rotor blade . look up through the tree branch and see a helicopter dart by overhead . time CUT to hagerty on the snowmobile , prime the fuel pump then start the ignition . the machine sputter to life . he hop off and inspect the engine . the belt be work . close the cover lid and remount the snowmobile . it lurch forward through the deep snow . ext . hagerty 's cabin - day 24 a couple hour later . as hagerty emerge from the wood into a clear , we see a small cabin ahead - a modest abode that look like a collision of the 19th and 21st century . the structure itself could be out of a Jack London novel . but the roof be cover with solar array and a large satellite dish and antennas . nearby be half a dozen 30 - foot-tall , modern - look wind turbine . a few dozen yard from the cabin be the helicopter we see earlier . lauren be stand beside it in a big parka . she walk toward hagerty as the snowmobile come to a stop . lauren think you might have bail . hagerty get catch in the blizzard . he retrieve the freeze trout from the snowmobile -- hagerty ( cont ’d ) hungry ? lauren I could eat . 25 21 . int . hagerty 's cabin - MAIN room - day 25 tight on the fillete trout fry in a pan . we pull back to see hagerty at the stove , lauren at small table . the two -room cabin be tidy . essential only . but in one corner be a computer station with several monitor . top of the line equipment . lauren I email so many time , I grow calluse . hagerty I read all of they . lauren why do not you answer ? hagerty do not know if you be serious or just testing the water . lauren well I hope I fly to you doorstep show how serious we be . hagerty plate the fish and bring it to lauren . hagerty what about cordine ? lauren approve . hagerty he must have put up a fight . lauren laz always win the important one . that 's why I work for he . hagerty so how do this work ? lauren in person . you fly back with I . hagerty I be not a wine and dine guy . 26 22 . lauren the head of the Appropriations Committee be come in . hagerty you need to show I off . lauren it 's a few handshake . hagerty before I have say yes . lauren I be a optimist . hagerty you know what my demand will be . lauren laz be prepare to address that . hagerty will I get a yes or a or no ? lauren you have to talk to he yourself . I will not speak on he behalf . hagerty cock he head with deliberation . then -- hagerty you eat . i’11l pack . on lauren - relief . hagerty disappear into the bedroom . int . hagerty 's cabin - bedroom - day 26 a fork scrape across the plate in the other room as hagerty pack a duffel with clothing . he take a couple shirt down from hanger on a pole which stretch above the single bed . among the shirt be a NASA flight jacket . he look at the insignia for a moment . resume pack . 27 28 29 30 31 32 23 . ext . hagerty 's cabin - day 27 the helicopter rotor swirl to life , kick up billow of snow beneath . it lift off the ground . int . helicopter - day 28 hagerty and lauren in the back , the husky cramme in too . hagerty look out the window , as the pristine alaskan landscape stretch beneath they . ext . santa monica mountain - day 29 in stark contrast to the snowy peak - the arid Santa monica mountain . smoke be billow upwards from a ridge - line . in the distance , we see a private plane make a wide turn to position itself for final approach . ext . santa monica airport - day 30 the camera be beneath the fuselage of the plane . we see the plane 's shadow appear over the runway , get closer , then hear the squelch of the tire , as they contact the ground with puff of burnt rubber . ext . vista hq - day 31 a electric minivan pull through a security gate at the entrance of a massive building that stretch for a quarter of a mile . the vista logo in three - story letter along the side . the van park in a space next to the entrance . laz , sayer , cordine , and winthrop get out . laz 's assistant be wait . hold open the door as they enter . int . vista hq - hallway - day 32 they approach a set of double door . above they be a sign which read : build facility . laz hold he phone up to a scanner . the door unlock with a click . as laz open the door , we hear the hum of machine , a beep forklift , metal against metal , a symphony of construction . 33 34 24 . int . vista hq - build facility - day 33 extreme wide shot from above , as the foursome make they way down a central corridor . the room be vast . one area be dedicated to satellite . another to the hab 3 build . a prototype section for the lander / mars-ascent vehicle ( lmav ) . a air-lock portion with engineer in sterilize jumpsuit and hood do post - assembly clean and stress testing . a laser cut and welding section . and at the far end of the room - dominate a entire side - the assembly of a massive rocket . int . pretesh 's office - day 34 pretesh and minute be show Alvin a copy of the valve -- pretesh when we change the washer from metal to rubber , we do three shake and bake . two be within the margin , one be not . alvin how do a red flag like that -- min you be push we on the launch . pretesh ( more diplomatic ) everyone be under pressure . I know you be too . alvin give I odd . min 8 to 1.2 percent catastrophic . alvin what 's the fix ? pretesh we can not get inside with the arm , so we focus be entry angle . min my team 's crunching number . 35 25 . alvin ( to pretesh ) freeze the countdown ? pretesh we could use more time . alvin alright . i’1l freeze it . ( as he exit ) get I within the margin . int . vista hq - build facility - day 35 sayer and winthrop be dwarf by the massive rocket they be stand near , gaze at it . laz and cordine be a few yard away talk to Alvin . winthrop when do I get to meet hagerty ? sayer they be in the air now . winthrop I want a picture with he . next to one of this . sayer I be sure we can make that happen . laz and cordine approach they as Alvin walk off . laz countdown 's freeze . winthrop why ? laz there 's a valve we be take a look at . we engineer be work on the problem . winthrop we talk hour , or ... laz hopefully . might be day . 26 winthrop ( to sayer ) I have get to be back for the leadership caucus Thursday morning . laz we will do we best . sayer ( to winthrop ) this sort of thing be common . winthrop ( to laz ) seem serious . laz everything 's serious 80 million mile from earth . winthrop I would like to pray . winthrop take sayer 's hand . he mean a actual prayer . they be all a little take aback by it . winthrop ( cont ’d ) Bob ? cordine take winthrop 's other hand , go with the flow . winthrop ( cont ’d ) ( to laz ) I know you be not a believer ... but if you will indulge I . sayer shoot a look to laz . time to play nice . laz take sayer 's and cordine 's hand to complete the circle . winthrop bow he head and close he eye . winthrop ( cont ’d ) dear heavenly father ... sayer and cordine follow suit , bow they head and close they eye . laz keep he open . we start to hear a deep drine from the baritone sax ... 36 37 38 39 27 . winthrop ( cont ’d ) please give you guidance and bless to the engineer ... int . vista hq - pretesh 's office - day 36 pretesh , minute , and a team of six other engineer in a heat discussion . greg finish a equation on a dry erase board , then minute cross something out , point to a entry - angle diagram -- winthrop ( v.0 . ) ... that they might be enlighten with you infinite wisdom ... int . vista hq - mission control - day 37 Alvin approach martha and say something . she speak into the headset . we CUT to to the big screen where we see the countdown clock freeze . winthrop ( v.0 . ) ... that this delay be brief , and we proceed soon with the mission at hand ... int . vista hq - PRESS area - day 38 Holly be briefing several news camera crew and a dozen reporter on the delay . one of the reporter ask how long the delay we be . Holly say she do not know . winthrop ( v.0 . ) ...- so that with the world 's eye on we , we can show what gift you have endow we with ... int . private jet - night 39 hagerty 's Pov out the window , a moonless sky fill with star above a bank of cloud stretch to the horizon . winthrop ( v.0 . ) ..- and continue on we path into the magnificent universe you have create ... 40 41 42 43 28 . int . vista hq - build facility - day 40 wide shot of the four link hand from above . tiny in relation to the booster rocket . the drine get louder . winthrop amen . int . music studio - day 41 a saxophone player be play the baritone sax that we have hear throughout the episode thus far . circular breathe . cheek and vein strain , eye close , sweat on the brow . he 's sway back and forth slowly , as he will the unbroken drine into be . ext . 249 mile above earth - day to night 42 as the drine continue , we see the ISS serenely orbit earth , pass from day into night , the sun disappear behind the earth . int . ISS - night 43 the drine be replace with a swishing sound . kayla ford ( early 40s , African - american ) be float in micro gravity look out the window . her face light up by the sun 's blue reflection on earth . kayla hank . hank ( mid 5as ) be work at the other end of the compartment . he look over . hank you can see that fire in the Santa monica mountain . he float over . look out the window . kayla point . kayla right there . 44 45 46 29 . hank yeah , I see it . kayla Big one , huh ? we CUT to they Pov and see the west coast of North America below , major metropolise , a web of bright light , Los Angeles dominate . just to the north of the city be a string of glow fire line , reddish orange in contrast to the yellow - white electric light . finger of smoke stretch for twenty mile to the east . as we slowly push in on the tangle of fire line and smoke , we hear the sound of a raging a fire . ext . santa monica mountain - night 44 fifty foot flame . trunks and branch snap and crackle . the relentless violence of nature . ext . laz 's mansion - night 45 a electric minivan wind up the driveway of a sprawling italian villa . we can see the orange glow of the forest fire in the far distance behind the mountain . int . laz' mansion - night 46 david , laz 's butler , show hagerty and lauren into a large live room . everything be pack up in box . the wall and floor be bare . most of the furniture be push to one side of the room along with the box and roll up rug , except for one sofa and two chair place in the center . a bubble - wrap Warhol self - portrait be lean up against one wall , upside - down . laz be sit on the sofa . he do not stand when hagerty and lauren enter . laz forgive the appearance . hagerty move out or move in ? laz out. 30 . hagerty not the fire ... laz divorce . hagerty be there . laz ( be the chair ) please . hagerty and lauren sit in the chair opposite the sofa . laz ( cont 'd ) why Alaska ? hagerty where my mother grow up . laz back to you root . hagerty something like that . laz not because Bob shit -canne you . hagerty look to lauren . what can she do ? laz be laz . laz ( cont 'd ) he give I he version . I want yours . hagerty NASA 's plan be too convolute . too expensive . they be never go to get it off the ground . I be vocal . that rubbed Bob the wrong way . laz there 's a political element to bring you back . you 'il have to play nice this time . hagerty Bob must have want someone still on the inside . 31 . laz he do . I do not . but I need someone with a NASA pedigree . hagerty with more allegiance to you . laz two bird , one commander . hagerty you know my ask . laz I can not give you final say on the crew . a lot of people will want to weigh in . hagerty they can weigh in all they want , but this be over two year there and back . I need to pick the team . laz I nil do everything I can to protect you choice . but I be not the sole sovereign here , as much as I would like to be . hagerty when the term be not clear , it get messy . I learn that the hard way . laz if you want the command , you be go to have to place the same faith in I as I be prepare to place in you . they hold each other 's gaze , then abruptly -- laz ( cont 'd ) ( to lauren ) where be we put he up ? lauren four season . 47 32 . laz I hate the four season . ( to hagerty ) you can stay in the guest house . laz exit without a word , no hand shake . hagerty and lauren be leave alone . hagerty that 's it ? lauren Ball 's in you court . hagerty get up and walk over to the Warhol painting . lauren ( cont 'd ) his wife be a collector . ex - wife . hagerty consider the painting for a moment , then -- hagerty the engineer still at it ? lauren until there 's a fix . hagerty I want to stop by . lauren be that a yes ? hagerty it 's a maybe . int . vista hq - pretesh 's office - day 47 hagerty and lauren with pretesh , along with minute , wei , greg , and two other engineer . all the engineer look exhaust . the dry erase board be fill edge to edge with hastily draw diagram and complex equation . pretesh hold up a vista mug at a angle , use it as a model for the aeroshell . 33 . pretesh we reduce heat back here ... ( point to the bottom edge ) but the increase here take we out of the margin . hagerty you could rotate during entry . hagerty take the mug , use it to illustrate . hagerty ( cont ’d ) distribute heat across the rim . min Problem be , it could twist the parachute cord . hagerty not if you stop rotation just before deployment . greg we can not predict how the atmosphere will affect rotation speed . if we pre-program incorrectly ... illustrate with the mug -- hagerty you do not have to be perfect . the torque of the parachute will stabilize even if you have a little spin . worked like a gem on Apollo 20 . look ... he go over to a computer . pull up a video . everyone crowd around . we see footage of a re-entry take from a high altitude drine , a orange glow on a turn capsule . hagerty ( cont ’d ) X - axis spin - unplan . right here - I pump the thruster . manual , so nowhere close to perfect ... still spin a little ... and here ... we see the chute deploy , the capsule jerk from the tension , spin slightly in the other direction then settles , the spin stop . 48 34 . hagerty ( cont ’d ) boom . a little jerky for a second , but stable . min you have more air resistance . hagerty I be not a engineer . I be just go from experience . pretesh let 's do the math . as the engineer get to work , hagerty turn to lauren . hagerty go get some sleep . lauren I be fine . hagerty go home . I will do the sprint . you do the marathon . she nod , squeeze he hand , then exit . int . lauren 's home - bedroom - day 48 early morning . dell be asleep in bed . we hear a door open . footstep . voice ( 0.s. ) okay little one - here we go . dell stir , squinting at the morning light . look over at the other side of the room . we see ellie be lift by a nanny - inez ( 20 ) - froma medical bed into a high - tech , child - size wheelchair , transfer a catheter tube connect to the bed to a socket on the chair . ellie have a swollen abdomen and weak limb . she have advanced gaucher 's disease . dell sit up . DELL Morning inez. 49 35 . inez Morning . int . lauren 's home - upstair - day 49 49 dell - shower and dress - lightly knock on a door . he 's get a mug of coffee in the other hand . without wait for a response , he open the door to find lauren in she home office . the wall be cover with Mars map and several large calendar with key mission date fill in . lauren be fold a blanket and place it on a small sofa where we see a couple of pillow . DELL again ? lauren I do not want to wake she when I come in . DELL ( let it slide ) inez have breakfast ready . lauren I have get to change and get to the office . ( be the coffee ) that for I ? he hold out the mug . she take it , have a sip . DELL can you go in a little late today ? lauren winthrop 's here , and the countdown be freeze because -- DELL she have not see you in two day . lauren I know , and it kill I , but I - - DELL alright , forget it . 50 36 . lauren do not punish I . DELL punish you ? lauren for the Santa thing . DELL I be not . lauren I will stay for breakfast . dell say nothing . his version of a truce . she set the coffee down , give he a peck on the cheek . lauren ( cont 'd ) I love you . she exit . dell pick up the mug she leave behind . int . lauren 's home - day 50 lauren be feed ellie with a spoon . dell silently eat on the other side of the table . inez wash dish . ellie can I try ? lauren absolutely . lauren scoops up a spoonful of ellie 's oatmeal , then wrap ellie 's hand around the spoon . it take some effort for ellie to bring the spoon to she lip , but she do . lauren ( cont ’d ) great . lauren wipe the excess oatmeal off of ellie 's mouth . take the spoon and scoops up some more oatmeal . place the spoon back in ellie 's hand . but this time , she drop the spoon before it get to she mouth . inez , hearing the clatter , start to come over . lauren ( cont 'd ) it 's alright . I get it . 51 52 37 . lauren pick up the spoon . wipe it off with the napkin . scoops another spoonful of oatmeal . ellie sorry . lauren let 's try again . place the spoon back in ellie 's hand . keeping she hand wrap around ellie 's -- lauren ( cont 'd ) here - I 'il help you . on dell - who can not help but be move by the tenderness lauren be exhibit toward they daughter . int . vista hq - PRESS area - day 51 winthrop be in the middle of give a interview to a camera crew . Holly and sayer look on . winthrop when you be here , and you see hundred of people - the magnitude of it - I be convinced that America will get there before the chinese ... as winthrop continue , we CUT to sayer lean into Holly 's ear , sotto voce -- sayer you line up as many as you can . there 's nothing he love more than free press . well , except baby Jesus . Holly have to stifle she laugh . int . vista hq - bull - pen - lauren 's cubicle - day 52 lauren and cordine mid-conversation . cordine what 's the hesitation ? 38 . lauren he want final say on crew . cordine you see - this be exactly why I do not - lauren laz tell he no . cordine the guy 's not a team player . I can list three other candidate who -- lauren we can not second guess every decision like this , Bob . voice ( 0.s. ) lauren . they both look over to see lauren 's assistant nod toward the central corridor . laz be approach . before he even get to lauren 's cubicle -- laz what 's pretesh say ? lauren they be get there . cordine we be just discuss hagerty . laz glance at lauren to get a sense of how the conversation be go . not well be the sense he get . cordine ( cont ’d ) there 's no way he get final say on crew selection . lauren I tell he you -- cordine and I do not care if I sound like a break record . I still have serious doubt about -- 39 . laz I have get a 4 - billion - dollar hab we be try to keep from blow up . this be the discussion you want to be -- cordine calmly , firmly interrupt -- cordine you have be give a great deal of freedom , but that 's you privilege , not you right . I can veto . I be the safeguard . so if I want to discuss this a third time , and a fourth and a fifth , that 's what we will do . 53 int . vista hq - PRESS area - day 53 winthrop do another interview . reporter # 1 how close be the chinese ? winthrop they have get Russia and India help - a lot of tech and financial resource . but we be about to start crew selection . I do not think the chinese be anywhere near that stage . reporter # 2 do that mean a crew commander 's already be choose ? winthrop I have be tell it 's probably go to be Tom hagerty , which I think would be a excellent choice . CUT to Holly and sayer , both dumbstruck . holly he do not ... sayer he do . 54 40 . int . vista hq - bull - pen - lauren 's cubicle - day 54 laz , cordine , and lauren in the thick of it . laz you want a NASA guy . I be get you a NASA guy . cordine former NASA . laz we be all pro , Bob . you can work with someone you fire . cordine he do not respect authority . laz because he be right . you be drag you ass . during which lauren get a text message . cordine this be still a NASA venture . laz it 's a joint venture . lauren the Congressman just announce hagerty . cordine what ...? lauren on camera . the two man be stunne for a moment . laz well that 's that . cordine do you put he up to it ? 55 41 . laz I be a prick , but I be not a two - face prick . int . laz 's guest house - day 55 hagerty be in the live room watch coverage of winthrop on tv . he look as though he 's barely sleep . winthrop ( on tv ) ... expect to meet with he today , and we will go from there . hagerty numb . the coverage cut to a news anchor -- news anchor Colonel Tom hagerty command two mission and oversaw the astronaut training program before leave NASA three year ago ... we see footage of hagerty on a moon walk . news anchor ( cont ’d ) he 's conduct more space flight than any american , second only to sasha illyich of Russia ... there 's a knock at the door . during the coverage ... hagerty it 's open . it 's David , the butler . david car 's here for you . hagerty let I take Apollo for a quick walk first . david whenever you be ready . as David leave , hagerty crouch down and take Apollo 's face in he hand . 56 57 42 . hagerty leash or no leash ? Apollo swivel he head free and bark . hagerty ( cont ’d ) alright - no leash . hagerty 's cell phone vibrate on the coffee table . he look at it , decide to ignore . turn off the tv instead . head to the door , as the phone continue to vibrate -- hagerty ( cont ’d ) come on , boy . int . vista hq - hallway / pretesh 's office - day 56 we follow laz , as he briskly make he way down the hallway to pretesh 's office . open the door . the camera whirl around to pretesh and he team , all turn to look at the boss . laz tell I there 's progress . pretesh we may have something . ext . bel AIR STREET - day 57 wide shot of hagerty walk slowly along the road - all gated house on lush estate . sprinkler go full force in one of they . Apollo be trot along ahead , sniff here and there . in the distance we can see the smoke rise from the Santa monica mountain fire . a hummer -esque vehicle barrel down the road , blaring music and whizzing past hagerty and he dog . hagerty watch the vehicle disappear over the crest . he turn back to Apollo , who scamper around a bend and out of sight . after a few moment , he hear bark , then growl . he whistle for Apollo , but the dog do not come when call . the bark and growl continue . hagerty pick up he pace to a fast walk . as he round the bend , he see Apollo square off with three coyote . they be smaller than Apollo but have power in number . 58 43 . hagerty Apollo ! but it do no good . the posture continue . hagerty walk closer , tentatively , hope to scare the coyote away . he clap he hand loudly as he yell out -- hagerty ( cont ’d ) go on now ! go on ! but this snap they from defensive to offensive . one of the coyote lunge at Apollo . Apollo claw and bite , send one of the coyote darting a few yard away , but just as it retreat , another one attack . Apollo have a tougher time with this one , and , sense weakness , the first and third coyote pounce as well . Apollo be thrashing about , try to fend they off , but he can not cover all side at once . the coyote be snap at he leg , go for he throat when they can . Apollo get pin to the ground . hagerty act instinctively . he whip off he pullover and wrap it around one of he forearm . head into the fray . use the padded arm to swipe at the coyote . one of they lock onto he cover arm with its jaw . hagerty swing back and forth to shake he off . the coyote scamper off . he turn he attention to the other two , whack until they roll off of Apollo and trot away into the brush . Apollo whimper on the ground , bloody by gashes . ext . laz 's mansion - day 58 hagerty carry Apollo toward the front gate . it 's no small feat - the dog weigh well over a hundred pound . but adrenalin have kick in , and he only think be get help . when he get to the intercom , he press the call button with he elbow . a moment later -- david ( v.o. ) Mr. hagerty ? hagerty bring the car down . now . 59 60 61 44 . int . veterinarian 's office - day 59 Apollo squirm as hagerty and a vet' assistant hold he down on a examination table . the veterinarian give Apollo a shot in the hindquarter . Apollo let out a high - pitch whine . hagerty run a hand along Apollo 's snout . hagerty it 's okay , buddy . it 's alright . in a few moment , Apollo slacken from the sedation . veterinarian there 's a couple deep bite - here ... and here . we 'il have to stitch that up . I will want to doa raby and tetanus treatment too . driver ( 0.s. ) Colonel . the driver have enter . hold out a phone . driver ( cont 'd ) Mr. Ingram 's office . say they have be try to reach you . int . vista hq - mission control - day 60 sayer be introduce winthrop to Alvin and martha . lauren be on she phone about twenty yeard away , keep a eye on they . lauren he 's get antsy . I need you to spend some face time with he . intercut with -- int . vet 's office - waiting room - day 61 hagerty on the Driver 's cell phone . hagerty when we be do here . lauren how long ? 62 63 45 . hagerty could be a while . lauren I know he jump the gun . I be sorry for that . we be not try to corner you . hagerty it 's not about he . I will not leave my dog . he 'il sense if I be go . lauren please Tom - do I this favor . int . pretesh 's office - day 62 the office be cramme with people now , include laz , pretesh , minute , wei , vivek , greg , Alvin , the Mission geologist , and several Engineers . with a paucity of chair , most people be stand . minute be hold up a model of hab 1 , slowly rotate it . min all we need be about sixty second of relief on this side , so if we -- cordine enter . people move aside to make room for he in the cramped space . cordine please . continue . int . vista hq - build facility - day 63 lauren escort hagerty toward the large booster rocket , where winthrop and sayer be wait with a photographer . winthrop light up at see hagerty . winthrop Colonel , it 's a honor . as they shake hand -- winthrop ( cont ’d ) not everyday I shake hand with a man who 's be to the moon . just wish my son could be here with I . 46 sayer study astrophysics at m.i.t . hagerty great program . winthrop too far from home . and chock full of liberal . but if you want to study space , you make sacrifice . winthrop laugh . hagerty force a smile . winthrop ( cont ’d ) I would like to take a picture , if you do not mind - to send to he . hagerty of course . as hagerty and winthrop walk toward the rocket -- winthrop maggie tell I I open my trap too soon about you come on . hagerty no worry . winthrop well , sure as heck hope you say yes . I do not want to allocate all this money to build a ship that do not have the best skipper . photographer right there be great . winthrop throw he arm around hagerty with a big , toothy smile . hagerty manage half a smile . camera flash . photographer ( cont ’d ) thank you . winthrop ( to hagerty ) so tell I - what be it like ? the first time you set foot on the moon ? what be you very first think ? 64 47 . hagerty disappointment . winthrop 's face fall . sayer and lauren stiffen . winthrop disappointment ...? hagerty it be not Mars . and it could have be . if NASA spend its money right . sayer I think what the Colonel be try to say be -- winthrop do not sugar - coat it , maggie . ( to hagerty ) it 's refresh to hear the truth . sign of a good leader . int . vista hq - pretesh 's office - day 64 further into the presentation . pretesh be point to a map of Mars on the wall . sundry equation and diagram populate the dry erase board . pretesh the new entry angle mean we will have to put down here - the cerberus Plains - either landing site three or nine . alvin how 's the soil situation ? geologist it 's not as mineral or water rich , but it 's flat , open terrain . laz be there enough water to test the fuel generator ? 48 . geologist we only get half a meter down so it 's tough to say . we estimate be yes . barely . pretesh but this put we close to we margin on the valve . laz just close ? vivek Point zero six . all eye on laz , wait for he decision . he look down at the ground , consider , then back up at cordine . laz I be willing to roll the dice if you be , Bob . cordine it 's you call . laz we call . cordine appreciate the respect give he in front of the assemble team . cordine let 's roll ‘em . a appreciative nod from laz . cordine be step up . laz ( to Alvin ) Program the entry , and let 's get to countdown . 65 int . vista hq - mission control - day 65 Alvin and martha be at they station . lauren , sayer , and winthrop be behind they . martha navigation . 49 . we CUT to each of the station as they pipe in . navigation primary mp check . secondary check . martha propulsion . propulsion thrusters one through six operational . martha Software . software check . martha telemetry . telemetry check . martha meteorology . meteorology check . martha ( to Alvin ) ready to transmit . alvin ( to winthrop ) will you do we the honor , Congressman ? Alvin hand winthrop he headset . as winthrop put it on -- alvin ( cont 'd ) the command be '' go on landing sequence . '' winthrop now ? Alvin nod . winthrop look like a kid in a candy store . 66 67 50 . winthrop ( cont ’d ) ( into the headset ) go on landing sequence . comm ( v.0 . ) landing sequence send . martha countdown be transmission plus 15:52 . t-minus 24:17 . we see the countdown appear on the big screen . CUT to laz stand in the back of the room , as he be near the top of the episode . tight on he finger tapping he bicep with each second that tick off the countdown clock . he 's wound up . abruptly , he make for the exit . we stay with he , following from behind . a rapid flurry of sax note start to bubble up , the slapping of the valve and circular breathe give it a percussive energy . int . vista hq - PRESS area - continuous 66 as laz pass by the camera crew -- repoter # 1 laz ... without stop he hold up a hand that say '' not now . '' we stay with he as he pass through a set of door into -- int . vista hq - bull - pen - continuous 67 the music continue . a sea of cubicle . everywhere he walk , he draw glance - he 's the big boss , after all . the music be pick up in pace and intensity , a anxious frenetic feel to it . he pass through the lobby and main double door into ... 68 51 . ext . vista hq - front entrance - continuous 68 ... the bright sunlight . keeps walk through the front parking lot , away from the building , away from everyone . the note be furiously fast now . there be satellite truck park out front now to cover the landing . laz head in the opposite direction . he stop about 30 yard away from the entrance . and as he stop , the music abruptly stop too . we finally come around on he . he 's get he eye close . let the sun shine down on he face . breathe . he pull out he phone . speed dial . on speaker . a double - ring , like they have in the U.K . a elderly woman 's voice answer . it 's a middle class Yorkshire accent . elderly woman ( v.o. ) hallo ? hi mum . laz' mother ( v.o. ) this be a nice surprise . her voice be a balm . laz sorry to call so late . laz' mother ( v.o. ) be not today you big day ? laz suppose to be . how be you ? laz' mother ( v.o. ) oh fine . have we final rehearsal tonight for the carlisle concert . everyone 's nervous , of course . laz I be go to have to come see the choir sometime . 69 52 . laz' mother ( v.o. ) you would rather be catch dead than in a church . true . laz' mother ( v.o . ) it 's a nice program . vitry and machaut . Philip give I one of the feature sopranos . laz let 's have a taste . over the phone . laz' mother ( v.o. ) ( laugh ) I be embarrassed . laz it 's just I . laz' mother ( v.o. ) well ... okay , but just a little . I have not do my vocal exercise . she clear she throat , then begin to sing a portion from guilliame de machaut 's '' La messe de nostre Dame . '' her voice be tinny through the phone , but soothing and confident . its measure melody a antidote to the unsettle saxophone assault we hear moment before . laz sit down on the ground between two car . leans he back against a wheel well . hold the phone between he knee and listen , as though it 's a blood transfusion . as she sing continue , we smash CUT to : int . vista hq - reception - day 69 laz enter the front door - calm and re-energize . we stay with he again , but this time from the front , move backwards as he move forward . as he pass through the double - door to the main bull - pen , additional voice come in , fill out the full harmony of machaut 's piece . 70 71 53. int . vista hq - bull - pen / PRESS area - continuous 70 we retrace the same route as before , but time cutting to leap through it faster , the music continue . int . vista hq - mission control - day 71 laz make he way back inside . assume he usual place in the back . lauren approach . lauren you okay ? laz I be good . as the music continue we CUT to a tracking shot of Mission Control staff wait anxiously . CUT to half a dozen news camera point at the Mission Control room , one of the cameramen chew he lip . over the p.a . -- martha ( 0.s. ) transmission delivery in 5..4..3... we CUT to martha and Alvin at they station . martha ( cont ’d ) 2...1... landing sequence initiate . countdown to confirmation 9 minute 14 second . martha lean back in she chair . Alvin remain forward , elbow on the table . alvin wish the speed of light be about twenty time faster . the music continue as we move through a montage -- -- winthrop and sayer in the back . sayer stare at the big screen . winthrop 's head bow in prayer . -- hagerty look up at the screen , as still as a statue . 54 . -- wide shot outside the control room , where score of staff have gather to watch on monitor . -- the empty rocket tube , work light still inside , but no technician there . -- wide shot of the long central corridor , devoid of anyone . -- exterior of the vista headquarters , the satellite truck dwarf by the massive logo . -- two car mechanic work under the hood of a side - swipe prius in a rundown auto shop on lincoln Blvd . another mechanic get they attention to show they live coverage on he phone . -- a homeless man push a cart down the sidewalk , a cardboard sign on he back : I have dream too . -- people in business attire wait in line at a food truck in downtown l.a . all watch they phone . -- third grader in a classroom . all of they watch coverage on a tv that 's be bring into the room . -- directly above the city of Los Angeles , a clover - leaf highway intersection dominate the center of the frame , every lane jamme with traffic . slowly pulling back ... -- the Santa monica mountain - raw nature in contrast to the urban sprawl of the city . a wisp of smoke . -- a burn - out log in a sea of scorched and naked tree trunk , the remain of the forest fire . a small bird flutter onto one of the log - the only bit of color in black and ashen landscape . then the bird fly off , whipping the camera toward the sky in a fail attempt to follow it . -- take we to the interior of the ISS - kayla and hank float as they stare at a computer screen , the same imagery on the big screen at Mission Control . we shift focus from they to a small socket wrench float behind they , slowly spin as it inch across the cabin . which take we to -- 72 73 55 . ext . mar orbit - day 72 the hab 1 entry module float serenely above the curvature of the red planet below . with several short burst , the thruster angle the bottom of the module toward the surface . a burst from a side thruster initiate a gentle rotation . a final sequence of burst stop the angle and rotation , then one long burst slow the module down enough to succumb to Mars 's gravity . it begin a gradual descent . we see the faintest glimmer of entry burn start to glow on the lip of the module . int . vista hq - mission control - day 73 73 martha and Alvin at they station , both wait for the transmission to come through . we can tell from a shift in body posture that it 's arrive . Alvin look to martha . propulsion thruster sequence check . entry angle confirm at 23.78 degree . rotation at 1.14 rpm . intercut between martha and the follow -- martha trajectory . trajectory on course check , speed : two one zero five with uniform decrease eight nine seven kilometer per second . martha heat reading . head of system variable from 650 to 935 Celsius . CUT to pretesh , vivek , and minute toward the back . vivek ( to pretesh ) that 's in we zone . pretesh hold up both hand , finger cross on each . 74 75 56 . ext . mar atmosphere - day 74 the hab 1 module scream toward the Mars surface , a massive burn glow envelop the entire craft , strongest on the lowest part of the lip angle most toward the ground . but as the atmospheric resistance slow the module , the burn glow start to reduce , finally disappear altogether . then another thruster burst , which slow down the rotation to almost nothing . as it slow , the music fade until it be go . int . vista hq - mission control - day 75 the tension be feel by the stillness of the room , people barely breathe . trajectory rotation 0.09 rpm ... silence as they wait for the next phase . then -- martha chute deployment ? she wait for a response . martha ( cont ’d ) chute deployment ? a beat , then -- system parachute deploy . a few people clap , but most do not . one of they be next to the head of system who whisper -- system ( cont ’d ) not yet . martha eight second until secondary chute . on sayer and winthrop . then to pretesh and he team . vivek ( to pretesh ) ( more ) 76 57 . vivek ( cont 'd ) if the washer have burn , it would have affect the primary chute . I think we be gonna -- min shut up . we be not down till we be down . system secondary chute deploy . we can sense the tension start to let up in the room . they be not home free yet , but they survive the burn phase and the chute deployment . the two stage everyone be most worried about . trajectory speed remain constant . not good . tension ripple back through the room . martha repeat trajectory . you say speed be constant ? trajectory now it 's increase . Point eight terminal velocity . Point nine ... system erratic rotation . propulsion retro-thruster have kick in ... we CUT back to pretesh , vivek , and min. min too high . ext . mar - day 76 the module be six kilometer above the surface , plummete fast . its primary and secondary chute be tangle , cause it to spin wildly , the tangle chute unable to slow its descent and the thruster do little to slow descent at this speed , especially at this height and with the erratic spin . 58 . 77 int . vista hq - mission control - day 77 laz , cordine , and pretesh be stand over martha and Alvin 's shoulder now , stare at they screen . laz the landing thruster ... alvin it 's not enough at this speed . pretesh the rotation 's too variable to counteract . head of system Impact in nine ... eight ... seven ... lauren have walk over to Holly now . lauren can we get laz out of he interview ? holly you be kill I . lauren how be this good press ? system ...three ...two ...one . a beat , then martha , try not to sound defeat -- martha telemetry . head of telemetry we have lose contact . a wave of disappointment through the room . this people be all professional . they have see dozen of launch and landing failure , but never one as important as this . on hagerty , stoic . CUT to sayer and winthrop . she steal a glance at he . he 's shaking he head . 78 79 59 . we CUT to laz and pretesh . pretesh look devastate but be try to keep it together . pretesh it be not the valve . I be guess it be something with the deployment mechanism . laz full diagnostics . pretesh I be sorry , laz . laz we will land the next one . lauren and cordine approach . cordine I nil do the press , if you would rather not . laz let 's do it together . ext . mar - day 78 from the saxophone , we hear one long , somber note . the camera glide over the martian red dust , pristine and untouched , angle down so the ground fill the frame . as the note begin to taper off , the camera slow , and we see the gnarled wreckage of the hab , smolder from the crash . the tatter and scorched parachute stretch a hundred yard , as though the module be bleed cloth . int . music studio 79 tight on the saxophone player , as the taper note retreat into silence . then he take a breath , remove the reed and open the valve , dump the build up spit onto the ground . over which we hear -- laz ( 0.s. ) we can not predict everything . that 's the nature of space exploration ... 60 . 80 int . vista hq - outside mission control - day 80 laz and cordine be speak to a scrum of press . laz we try , we fail , we try again . correspondent # 1 but once you send people , if there 's a failure ... cordine will people die ? obviously we want to prevent that . but it 's possible . laz it 's not just possible , it 's probable . colonize a new planet be the biggest challenge humanity have ever face . correspondent # 2 even if the cost be human life . laz we be do this to perpetuate human life . 81 ext . vista hq - front entrance - night 81 laz and cordine be walk sayer and winthrop out the door to they wait minivan . they be mid-conversation . winthrop not say it will not happen , but it 's a much tougher sell now . laz I hope we can count on you . winthrop the only thing I have learn from politics be never to make promise . ( as he climb in ) but get hagerty out East . my people will be much more amenable to a american hero than a limey billionaire . 82 83 84 61 . be a limey , laz appreciate the dry humor of this . int . vista hq - build facility - night 82 the hab 3 unit . pretesh be there with he team . pretesh let 's dismantle the entire system . Lay it out , piece by piece ... int . lauren 's home - night 83 lauren enter the house , look exhaust . make she way into the live room , where she see a congratulation sign drape above the archway to the dining room , balloon everywhere . dell wait for she in a chair . DELL I leave it up on purpose . off she look -- DELL ( cont ’d ) take this . he hand she a balloon . int . laz 's guest house - night 84 hagerty put a bowl of water on the ground . Apollo , bandage and still a bit out of it , lap up the water . hagerty run a hand through he mane . a knock . hagerty it 's open . laz enter . laz ( see Apollo ) how 's he do ? hagerty a few cut . he will be fine . laz step closer to pet he , but Apollo bark . 62 . hagerty ( cont ’d ) do not make friend easily . laz be it just the two of you up north ? hagerty just the two of we . laz you mother 's not from Alaska . she live there for less than a year when you grandad be work the rig in prudhoe . hagerty do you check before or after I lie to you ? laz before . hagerty why do not you call I out on it ? laz you do not embarrass a man you be try to convince . hagerty I have not say yes yet . laz why do you go ? hagerty just shake he head . laz ( cont 'd ) forget I ask . laz crouch down and let Apollo sniff he hand . this time , Apollo do not bark and let laz pet he . hagerty the sky . laz look up . 63 . hagerty ( cont ’d ) when it 's clear - in the winter - you can see it all . twenty - three hour of night . as cold as space . if I be never gonna get the chance again , it be the next best thing . laz now you have get you chance . hagerty still no final say ? laz I can not promise it any more than you can promise the crew they 's 11 survive . but I will do my best . the logic be sound , and hagerty believe he . hagerty when do I start ? laz you need to settle thing up back home ? hagerty there 's nothing there I can not leave behind . laz then tomorrow . we will fly you out to D.C. with Bob to rub shoulder . ( point ) the beard . hagerty I 'il shave . without a handshake or farewell , laz exit . int . lauren 's home - bedroom - night 85 lauren and dell enter and turn on the light , lauren hold a balloon . ellie stir awake . she 's hook up in she medical bed . 64 . ellie hi mommy . lauren pierce one of the balloon with she tooth and suck in the helium . with a high - pitch voice -- lauren hi sweetheart . mommy 's happy to see you . ellie burst into laughter at the sound of she mother 's voice . ellie again ! during which , dell edge out of the room to let they have some time alone together . with lung full of more helium -- lauren this be what I sound like - when I be you age . more laughter from ellie . then abruptly , matter - of - fact -- ellie be I go to die ? the question catch lauren off guard , and yet -- lauren everybody -- but she still have the helium voice . lauren ( cont 'd ) fuck . she exhales , let the helium pass from she lung . then , with a normal voice -- lauren ( cont 'd ) everyone die . ellie but will I die soon ? lauren consider for a moment , then - unblink -- 86 65 . lauren you have already live longer than you be suppose to . because you be strong . ellie weigh this , then - straightforward -- ellie do the funny sound again . off lauren as she suck in more helium from the balloon . int . laz' guest house - bathroom - night 86 tight on hagerty 's face in the shower , hot water stream down from crown to chin . time CUT to hagerty in front of the sink , a circle wipe away on the steam mirror so he can see himself . the buzz of clipper as he begin to shave off he beard . tight on the sink , hair fall into the bowl . time CUT to hagerty in the bedroom , completely naked , stare at himself in the full - length mirror . he 's clean shaven now . his body be not that of a young man 's anymore - its imperfection amplify by age . but he 's still fit . strong in stature , vulnerable in nakedness . human . he walk over to a slide door lead to a terrace , still naked . open it and walk outside , let the warm , dry California night air envelop he skin . look over at the burn orange glow from the Santa monica Mountains fire in the distance . his focus shift to the big house , where he see laz on the patio look at the glow from the fire as well . laz turn to he . hagerty make no move hide he nakedness . laz do not show any outward reaction to it . laz give he a casual salute , then head back inside . hagerty turn he attention back to the sky , in the opposite direction of the fire . from he Pov we see a tiny reddish dot in the cloudless night sky . Mars . you have to strain to see it . back on hagerty , stare up at the sky . hagerty goddamn . black out . end of episode 66 .