the rover write by David michéd story by David michéd & Joel edgerton draft 2.2 July 2011 {c ) David michédd ext . hill - day a still image / photograph of a man , eric , 44 year old , sit ona country hill under a lone tree beside a brown dog . they both look happy . eric ( v.0 . ) I can not say I even know what the world be anymore . I do not know what happen to it . I do not even know where it be now , I do not know where its centre be , if it even have a centre ... all I know be that its dirty people have crawle out here somehow . I do not know why . I do not really care anymore anyway . and that 's all I be gonna say about it . CUT to black : card on black : " Australia . some time in the future . " int . eric be falcon - day Eric sit at the wheel of he park car . he 's not happy like the photo . some kind of ennui . he stare ahead , lose in think , lose in something . outside the car be all searing light and blank brown Australian landscape . he stare ahead listlessly a while , then open the car door and climb out . ext . khmer diner - day Eric head over to a scrappy roadside diner . the diner have a big dirty sign out front in khmer / cambodian script . the walk be blind . the surround area be desolate . the diner stand alone , a dirty nowhere stop on a stretch of traffic-less road . Eric wear a old button-down shirt with sleeve roll over knee - length short and dirty trainer . he be wiry thin . he have short - cropped hair and a goatee ruling over a three day growth . int . khmer diner - day Eric step into the dark and musty diner . a cambodian pop song play on the stereo . it 's really unnecessarily loud . ( continued ) 2 . continued : the place be empty except for three cambodian guy sit on a bench in a back corner . one be asleep . the other two watch Eric close as he enter . one have a shotgun rest across he lap . Eric cross to a rear bathroom . int . khmer diner / bathroom - day Eric cup he hand into a bucket of water beside a dirty sink that have long ago have its faucet remove . he drench he face . he brushes he tooth roughly with he finger and rinse he mouth with one cup handful from the bucket . he spit the water into the sink . he dry he face with he shirt sleeve and look at himself in the mirror . his self - examination be strangely detach . something break . something dark and hard . int . khmer diner - day Eric walk back through the diner . the cambodian watch he , wary but calm , bric meet they eye . the air be inhospitable but lethargic . Eric take a seat at the counter . he reach over and help himself to a tall glass of green tea from a big chrome thermos . he sit here , in the din of pop music , sip he tea . he sit with he back to a big picture window behind he look out onto the desert and empty road out front of the diner . and then , barely audible over the stereo , a car come cart - wheeling across frame , outside , across the window behind he . it 's a huge and ferocious crash . one of the cambodian guy stand . the sleep guy stay sleep on the bench , the stand guy move towards the door , not sure what he see . the other one follow , they exchange a few word in khmer . Eric turn slowly to look out the window , not concerned enough to move , not really know what he hear , if he hear anything at all . Eric stay put , dust still settling through the window behind he . he reach over the bar and turn the stereo off . the room drop to silence , Eric do not register concern until he hear the sound of he falcon 's engine start . ext , khmer diner ~ day Eric rush out the front door . Dust hang in the air . someone be already behind the wheel of he car ~ another two guy stagger from the wreck of the roll car and head for the falcon . Eric run for he car , reach it just as the passenger door slam shut . he slap on the window as the falcon screech away . Eric be leave stand , breathe dust . he start run down the road after they . ext . SMALL town STREET - day reynold , late 20 , lie bleed in the middle of a small , desolate town street . he try to catch he breath . his mid-section be blood - soak . he clutches a handgun . ten metre away , also in the road , a uniform cop lie in a pool of blood , gasp last breath through he gun-blast throat . his gun lie a few foot away beside he cop car . no one else be in the street . a face poke through blind to see the batter man outside , reynold , lie in the street , turn he head to see the die cop through bitumen heat haze . the cop be groan sickeningly . reynold heave himself over onto he back to look over at the cop , who now lie in a serious pool of blood and gore . reynold start drag himself , still clutching he gun , along the road towards the cop and he car . it 's a major , painful struggle . the bitumen be brutally hot . the cop , groan himself into death , lie between reynold and the cop car . as reynold pull himself closer , the cop look over to he with implore , traumatise eye . dying cop ( gurgle ) help I . reynold ' progress be slow and pain . the cop be paralyze . he gurgle and wheeze as reynold crawl past . from the window of nearby building , people peer at the scene in the street , too frighten of the armed carnage to offer any assistance . ( continued ) 4 . continued : reynold continue he slow crawl past a building directly beside the scene . its door be open . Inside lie two shotgun — blast body , they eye open , victim of whatever it be that have just happen here . reynold finally reach the cop car . he heave himself up into the driver 's seat . the radio crackle the odd indiscernible word , reynold wipe sweat from he eye and reach down to the key still hang from the ignition , he start the engine , pull the door shut and shove the car into gear . int . commodore - day Three man in a-roar commodore . they be frantic . they're american with Southern accent . henry ( in passenger seat ) turn the fuckin car around . caleb ( drive ) we can not turn around . archie ( in backseat ) he 's go , cuz . henry , late-30s , be twisted in the front seat , look out through the back windshield . henry he be still move , goddamit . I could see he still move . archie he 's go , cuz . he 's go . caleb what be it we be s'pose to do ? we can not go back . what be we s'pose to do ? henry this money be not fuckin worth it to I to leave he there . archie it be not just about you . ( continued ) continued : henry turn the fuckin car around . archie it be not just about what 's worth it to you . henry ( to caleb ) what if it be you lie there ? what if we do it to you ? caleb I would have to accept it . henry God damn it . do not lie . do not fuckin lie . caleb ave to accept my fate . I would have to . ave to accept my fate like a man , archie and there 's the thing , right there . I tell you this would happen . you can not go anywhere without you brother and I very almost get my head blow off because of he because he can not handle himself . archie in the backseat , sweat and agitate . archie ( cont ’d ) if he could handle himself , we would not be in this situation . but so then now look what happen to he , and I can not be feel responsible for that . if he be a man who could look after himself , he would be accept he fate right now . Henry be suddenly enraged . he twist , swinging and grab into the backseat . henry say that again . archie squirm out of Henry 's reach in the backseat . Henry bump caleb behind the wheel . the car swerve on the road . caleb ( struggle with the wheel ) fuckin sit down . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) archie you hear I , and you know it too . if he be a man , he would not be cry about it and you would not be cry about it cause he would be accept he fate right now . Henry drill archie angrily . henry say that again . archie I just do , cuz . I say it twice , henry say it again ! archie if I say it again , I would say it the exact same way and that would be three time I say it . stop you fuckin cry . Henry make a big lunge at archie who have squirm into the farthest corner of the backseat . Henry 's knee go straight into caleb 's kidney . caleb recoil in pain . he lose control of the car . ext . commodore ~- day the car fishtail dangerously , then go into a wild cacophonous roll right out front of a khmer diner in the middle of nowhere . the car come to a dusty , creak rest on its side - only a few yard from a black falcon . int . commodore - day the man in the wreck orient themselves , heave for breath , cough and check for injury . the car be on its side - they hang in awkward , strain position . caleb be anyone dead ? Henry and archie cough negative . Henry start crawl out he window that point to the sky . ext . khmer diner ~- day Henry pull himself up out of the car , balance precariously on its door . ( continued ) 7 . continued : he reach a hand down to lift caleb out from the driver 's seat . caleb squirm free and then reach back in . he emerge again with a shotgun , then jump down onto to the dirt beside the commodore . he make a immediate limping move for the black falcon nearby . Henry shuffles over on the car to the back door and reach in for archie . henry pass I the bag . a dirty blue bag appear through the window hole . Henry sling it over he shoulder , then jump down off the car , leave archie to heave himself out of the wreck . they jump down onto the dirt as caleb fire the falcon 's ignition . it roar to life . Henry and archie hobble over to it . int . eric be falcon ~ day archie climb in the back seat . Henry jump in the passenger seat and pull the door shut - just as Eric appear beside it . Eric bang on the window , holler . ext . khmer diner - day the falcon tear away , leave Eric stumbling and shower with dust . Eric run after it , out onto the road , and chase on foot for a few futile metre . he stop in the middle of the road , frantic . he look around he , back towards the diner . the cambodian onlooker stand useless in the sun . Eric run back towards the diner . he run round behind the roll commodore , still on its side , and heave against its roof , rock it , until it lurch back down , right way up . its roof be half cave in at the back . Eric wrench the driver 's door open and climb behind the wheel . ( continued ) 8 . continued : he fire the ignition , he reverse it crazily out of the diner parking lot and rear out onto the road . i/e , commodore ~ day moment later , Eric behind the wheel be hammer the commodore down a scorching hot desert road . despite its bang - up , the car be still mean . its engine growl . the road ahead be hazy and empty . Eric 's face and body be full concentration . he push the car hard . and then , in the distance , he can make out the distinct shape of he falcon up ahead . Eric push the commodore even harder . it now sound like it 's struggle , overnrevve . the gap narrow . Eric concentrate on nothing else . int . eric' falcon = day Henry , caleb and archie ride oblivious to Eric 's fast approach . they do not talk . they be shake and exhaust . the radio be on . its reception be crackly bad . Broken unintelligible cb radio chatter . i/e. commodore ~ day Eric be now only a hundred metre from the falcon and gain fast . he 's almost there . int , eric' falcon ~ day caleb look up into the rearview mirror . he can see Eric behind he , approach hard . caleb what 's he do ? archie turn in he seat to look out through the back windshield . Henry sit dark and stoney - face , stare ahead . archie that 's the commodore . caleb what ? ( continued ) continued : archie it 's the commodore . caleb what do you mean it 's the commodore ? archie it 's we commodore . it 's the one we be in . archie squint through the back windshield . archie ( cont ‘d ) it be , cuz . it 's the commodore . it 's bashed in like when we leave it back there . i/e. commodore - day Eric push the gas even harder . he be now right on top of they . he 's push it , only metre away from the falcon , tailgate it hard . he can see archie 's face peer at he through the back windshield , int . eric be falcon ~ day caleb be seriously concerned . the commodore be dangerously close behind they . caleb who 's in it ? archie strain to see through the filthy windshield and heat haze . archie it 's the guy . it 's the guy who be all slapping on the window when we take off in this , Henry glance in he side mirror . henry we be in he car . caleb what ? and he want it back now ? henry that 's what it look like . 10 . i/e. commodore ~- day Eric push it even harder , give the gas another hard squirt . the engine squeal . the commodore surge , close the last gap between it and the falcon . Eric be now tailgate the falcon tight and dangerous . int . eric' falcon ~- day caleb and archie be frantic as the commodore come within centimetre of brush the falcon 's back bumper . archie jump as the commodore surge . archie Jesus . caleb be struggle with the wheel , glance back and forth between the rearview and the road ahead . caleb what the fuck be this guy 's situation ? what 's go on ? Henry be strangely calm , eye fix on the road ahead . i/e. commodore - day Eric let off the gas a touch , drop back a couple of foot , then floor it again , pull around the side of the falcon . int . bric' falcon - day Eric bring the commodore up level with caleb at the wheel and yell through the open passenger window . eric pull over ! caleb can not believe the temerity of this guy . he yell back through he open window . caleb you fuckin nut ! caleb pull a handgun from the front of he pants and point it straight across at Eric . Eric hit the brake and slip back a few foot . il . i/e. commodore - day Eric hold the commodore in the falcon 's blind spot , a few foot behind caleb 's window . int . eric be falcon - day in the backseat , archie check he handgun and then lean out he window with it . i/e. commodore - day Eric see archie and the gun point straight at he . Eric swerve the car . archie fire . the bullet ricochet off the roof of the commodore . the falcon swerve too , caleb flinching at the blast . int . eric be falcon ~ day caleb resettle the wheel . caleb let I know you be gonna do that before you do that . archie fire again . i/e. commodore - day archie 's bullet ricochet off the hood of the commodore , Eric hit the brake hard , drop the commodore back a hundred metre behind the falcon . he then hit the gas again , hold the distance . archie shoot again . the commodore be too far behind . int . eric' falcon - day archie fire again . caleb be search he rearview , observe the commodore 's retreat , caleb be he give up ? archie he be not givin ' up . he 's hold it there . through the back windshield they can see the commodore hold steady , keep pace a hundred metre behind they . 12 . int . commodore ~ day Eric hold it steady . he check the commodore 's fuel gauge . it 's half - full . he can afford to be patient . int . eric be falcon - day caleb continue check the rearview . the radio 's still play , the reception 's get worse . Henry switch it off . caleb what 's he do ? henry he want he car back . Henry be calm , almost admire of Eric 's tenacity . ext . desert road - day the two car continue they high speed stand -off . the distance between they do not shift a inch . int . commodore - day Eric keep he eye glue on he falcon on the road ahead . ext , desert road - day the car take a long subtle bend in the road , they engine roar . they driver push they hard . they be go dangerously fast . int . eric be falcon - day caleb 's look in he rearview . Henry sit contemplative , look straight ahead . he seem mournful . archie 's still craning he neck around , look out the back windshield . archie he 's not goin ' nowhere . he 's just gonna keep follow we . caleb look down at the fuel gauge . it 's not far from empty . caleb he 's get more fuel than we do . he know it . caleb check the rearview again , then look straight ahead , think . {continued ) 13 . continued : a few moment pass . henry stop the car . caleb what ? henry I wanna see he . caleb what do you mean you wanna see he ? henry stop the car . caleb press the brake . i/e. commodore - day Eric can see the falcon 's brake light snap red and the car slow . he hit the commodore 's brake hard . its tire squeal on the bitumen , ext . desert road ~ day both car come to a halt on the barren road . they be about fifty metre apart . they sit , engine hum in otherwise relative silence break only by the screech of a eagle . the dust settles , blow in a light wind off the road . int . eric' falcon - day caleb and archie both crane around to look out the back windshield . Henry adjust the stationary falcon 's rearview mirror . he watch the commodore idle , dusty in the distance . ext . desert road - day the car sit on the road , engine growl . no movement . then the commodore 's brake light ease off as it begin a slow move towards the falcon . 14 . int . eric be falcon ~ day caleb and archie watch through the back windshield , Henry in the rearview , archie he 's movin ' , ext . desert road - day the commodore move real slow , inching its way towards the falcon , narrowing the gap between they . int . eric' palcon - day Henry watch the rearview . the commodore move closer . archie this guy do not wanna be alive no more . caleb do not seem like he do . archie check he handgun . they watch the commodore 's slow approach until it 's only a rock throw behind they . and then Henry , he eye have not leave the rearview mirror , reach for the door 's handle and open it . ext . desert road ~ day Henry climb out of the falcon and stand beside it , watch Eric inch closer . a few moment later , archie climb out too . caleb stay inside , watch through the windshield , the commodore stop about twenty metre away . Henry can barely see Eric inside through its filthy windshield , but they be stare each other down nonetheless . int , commodore - day Eric sit behind the wheel and watch the two man stand beside he car , Henry reach back in the car and pull out he shotgun . Eric open the commodore 's door . 15 . ext . desert road - day Eric climb out of the commodore and stand beside it a moment . the man watch each other . Henry let the shotgun hang loose by he side . Eric walk slow towards they . henry what 's go on with you , brother ? Eric do not respond . he keep walk until he 's only a few metre away . eric I want my car back . henry I can see that . they stand stare each other down for a moment . henry ( cont 'd ) you be not gettin ' it back . Eric take a few step closer . eric I want it back . henry yeah , I hear you . and I be bettin’ you hear I too . eric I do not care who you be . I want my car back . if you do not give it to I now , I be gonna get back in that commodore and I be gonna stay on you till you do . henry what make you think I will not kill you here ? eric nothing make I think that . I would welcome it . Eric watch Henry a moment , it 's a strange , long moment . it make Henry uncomfortable . Eric take step closer again . ( continued ) 16 . continued : archie you must really love this falcon , cuz . Eric ignore archie , move towards Henry , they eye lock on each other . Henry be deeply unsettle . Eric carry a dangerous nothing - to-lose air . archie point he handgun at the back panel of the falcon . archie ( cont 'd ) how would it be if I put hole in it ? Eric wheel around and grab archie by the throat with one hand , he gan hand with the other , slamm he against the car . Henry flip the shotgun around and club Eric over the back of the head with its butt , Eric 's forehead smack straight into archie 's face . Eric fall to the road , out cold , archie buckle over , moan , clutching he face and catch he breath . caleb stand at the driver 's door . Henry step over to Eric and poke he with the shotgun 's barrel , then flip he over onto he back with he boot , ext . desert ~ day the sun be high and hot . glare and rippling air . from a distance we see a tree . and from the tree a figure hang by its foot . Eric wake . he have be tie round the ankle and hang from a branch of the die tree . he struggle groggy , disorient . he look filthy and sun-damaged . after a moment , collect himself , he look up at he rope shackle . he heave himself up to inspect they . he manage to grab the branch and hang , bent hard at the waist . it 's awkward and exhaust . he let the branch go and jerk back upside down , sway . Big black bird loiter coldly . some stare . other preen , disinterested . they can wait . Eric heave himself up again , hang by one hand , pick at the rope with the other . but the rope be tight and heavy . he will not have the strength to loosen it . ( continued ) 17 . continued : he quit pick and breathes hard and confuse . as he hang , one of the big black bird land right beside he foot , stare down at he . Eric stare back , quietly desperate . they hold the stare until the bird look away . and as it do , Eric lunge . his hand strike like a snake . he have the bird by the foot . it panic and flap . . Eric flop back down again , hang by he foot as the bird squawk and squirm . he grab its body and look at it a moment before snap its neck swiftly . he hang there a moment longer , the now dead bird dangle . he then lift himself up again and go to work on the rope , hack at it with bird 's big brutal beak . again from a distance , we watch Eric work . he strain and hack until finally the rope give and he fall heavy to the dirt . Eric sit , catch he breath , gather himself . he look out across the desert to the horizon , then drop he face into he now bloody hand , he 's exhaust . he lift himself up and limp towards the commodore which sit idle a distance away . he climb behind the wheel , start the engine , ; shift it into gear and turn it around back onto the highway . i ext . carny town / STREET - day reynold cruise into town in the steal cop car . the town be little more than a bunch of bust building in the middle of nothing . the street be empty of people , but there be a number of truck and van park behind building on one side of it . int . reynold car - day reynold be struggle and bleed badly . there 's blood all over the dash and all over the steering wheel . blood pool in the driver 's seat around he , he wipe he forehead , smear blood all over he face . it get in he eye , sting they , he reach over to the passenger seat and grab a little yellow : dress pile with other woman 's clothes . he wipe he face with it , get the blood out of he eye . when he open they , he spot a gas station a little further down the street . 18 . ext . carny town / gas station - day reynold pull the cop car round the side of the gas station building , obscure from main -street sight . he open the car door and practically spill out onto the gravel beside it . he leave the door open and stagger over to the toilet attach to the gas station . it 's hellishly hot and deathly quiet . int . carny town / gas station toilet ~- day reynold heave open the door . blind light scream into the dark and foul toilet . fly buzz . reynold stagger in . the door swing and slam close . it 's suddenly pitch black inside . we can hear reynold ' hand slapping the tile wall , look for a light switch . the room flicker alight under a nasty fluorescent tube . reynold ease himself over to the sink , in the mirror , under this light , he look like bloody death . he lift he shirt off , almost too delirious to wince with pain . under the shirt he be a scary , bloody mess . he cup he hand into the water bucket beside the sink . he splashes it over he torso , try to clear the gore and isolate he wound . after a few splashes the bullet wound be clear , on the side of he abdomen . it dribble more blood , he press he bloody shirt against it . his leg begin to give way . he sit heavily on the dank bathroom floor , lean back against the wall , hold the shirt to he gut . his eye close . ext . carny town / gas station - day Eric 's commodore limp into the same gas station and pull up only metre away from reynold 's cop car . Eric note it warily . he get out , look again to the cop car with its driver 's door ajar . he see the blood pool in the driver 's seat . he head for the gas station door . 19 . int . carny town / gas station - day Eric step inside . a little bell ring as the door open . the gas station be dusty and dark . store shelf be mainly empty . the few bit and piece on they be fade and filthy . Eric walk the length of one of the shelf . he round the corner to find a old guy with tattoo on he knuckle stand behind the counter point a pump-action shotgun straight at he . Eric stop . old guy ( listless ) raise you hand up . Eric raise he hand slowly . old guy ( cont 'd ) ok , now lift you shirt . slow . Eric lift he shirt up over he belt , expose he bare stomach . old guy ( cont 'd ) now turn . full all the way round , slow . Eric turn a full circle , hold he shirt up . old guy ( cont 'd ) thank you . what can I do for you ? the old guy keep the gun train on Eric . eric I be look for a black falcon . with three people in it . old guy it have not stop here , eric they need gas . old guy I have not get any gas . there 's a sign out front . eric do you see it ? old guy do I see the sign ? I put it there . ( continued ) 20 . continued : eric the falcon , do it drive past here ? old guy I have not see a falcon . do you want to buy something ? Eric do not answer . the old man stand , still point the shotgun , waist-high , at Eric . there 's a strange neediness in he eye . old guy ( cont 'd ) I have get sandwich and cold drink and auto accessory and some other thing . Eric turn and head for the door . ext . carny town / gas station - day Eric step out into the heat . he look up and down the street . it 's desert , a hundred metre down he can see the two-storey hanging Garden Hotel . a old 19th century building with a iron balcony . the ground floor door to its public bar be open . a shirtless , tattooe man stand outside on the pavement , pissing into the street . Eric start walk towards he . the pissing man concentrate on he stream of piss , then look up to see Eric approach from across the street . Eric walk , the man piss . they watch each other . the guy zip he pants . he spit in the gutter where he piss and then casually head back inside the hotel . int . hanging garden HOTEL - day Eric walk through the door to the public bar . Inside , about ten guy mill around at the bar , at table , a couple sleep against a wall . most seem to have bust tooth and tattoo . it 's a weird crowd . a couple of lithe chinese teenager dress in T - shirt and tracksuit pants with they hair in Imperial chinese plait play backgammon with a midget . every now and then the chinese boy let out a squealing , cackle laugh . it break the lethargic silence in the hotel , strange and chill . ( continued ) 21 . continued : despite the crowd , there be not much noise . a radio hiss tinny in the corner , barely audible . it 's not play music or talkback - more scramble intercept radio communication . only a couple of people bother to look up at Eric as he enter . but that couple look up darkly . Eric cross to the bar . the bartender be a wiry , shirtless twelve - year - old boy with greasy hair and dirt on he face . there 's something oddly , sexually androgenous about he . eric I be look for a black falcon with three people in it . the boy look at Eric like he have not hear he speak . eric ( cont 'd ) have you see it ? the boy shake he head ' no ' . he do it slow , somewhere between timid and coquettish . the boy watch Eric . Eric watch he right back . eric ( cont 'd ) have anyone else see it ? boy I do not know . eric who would know ? boy maybe grandma . Eric 's grow impatient with the half - answer and general weirdness . eric where 's grandma ? boy she 's upstairs . she see everything up there . the boy continue stare at Eric . Eric look away , around the bar . he spot the stair and head for they . he look back at the boy behind the bar . the boy be still watch he . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) as he head for the stair , he see the midget play backgammon against the two chinese teenager . Eric climb the stair . they be dark . as he near the top landing he hear the muffle sound of multiple couple fuck . it 's a sickly sound . unnatural . pain . at the top of the stair , Eric see the upstairs area consist of one long dark musty hall with door on either side . most door be shut . hot light sliver in from the one that be open . at the end of the hall , a woman , grandma , sit knitting in a armchair , under a window . the click of she needle chime rhythmically down the hall as Eric approach . she do not look up at he . eric I be look for my car . it 's a black falcon with three man in it . do it come through here ? the woman only glance up before return to the click of she knitting needle . eric ( cont 'd ) have you see it ? she address Eric like she would a little kid lose in a shopping mall . grandma what 's you name ? eric have you see it ? grandma what 's you name , baby ? eric have you see it ? the woman look up at Eric . grandma , do you want to sleep with a boy ? there 's a boy downstairs you can sleep with . she turn she arm to show Eric the soft white skin on the inside of she forearm which she stroke with she finger . it 's not a delicate stroke . it 's perfunctory and cold . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 3 ) grandma ( cont 'd ) he 's smooth like this part of you arm . eric I need to buy a gun . grandma you carry yourself like a man who already have a gun . eric you be carry yourself like you know I do not have one . the woman examine he a moment . her needle continue they gentle click . grandma you have one , you do not have one , make no difference to I , sweetheart . I do not know anything about gun . she turn she attention back out the window , conversation for she be finish . Eric take the awkward cue to head back to the stair . as he climb down they to the public bar of the hotel , he can hear the strange squealing giggle of the lithe chinese acrobat . he head to the boy behind the bar . eric do you know where I can buy myself a gun ? grandma I think the midget with the Chinaboy there have thing . they sell thing . he move straight over to the table where the acrobat play backgammon with the tattooe midget . the boy share a chair , sit squash together . one whisper conspiratorially in the other 's ear . it 's the midget 's turn . he roll the dice . the acrobat whisper in he brother 's ear . midget ( yell at whisper acrobat ) stop it ! the acrobat smile , ( continued ) 24 , continued : ( 4 ) Eric lean over the midget 's shoulder and speak soft , but firm . eric I need to speak to you . the acrobat whisper again in he brother 's ear . midget ( to acrobat ) if you do not fuckin cut it out now , I will kill you . you hear I right ? I be gonna cut you face off and I be gonna eat it . eric I need a gun . midget ( to Eric ) can you not hover around I ? the midget turn he attention back to the board . there be a moment 's silence . he line up he move . the chinese acrobat whisper again in he brother 's ear . the midget shove the board away from he on the table . the acrobat giggle and squeal . midget ( cont 'd ) that 's it . I be finish , you have fuck it . you can not keep you tongue out of each other 's ear . I be finish , fuck you . the midget hop off he chair . he grab Eric by the hand and drag he towards the back door . ext . hanging garden HOTEL / rear ~ day the midget lead Eric out the back door of the hotel . the rear area be full of break stuff and dog shit . two angry dog holler and choke themselves on they chain . the midget pick up a rock and pelt it at they . the dog bark more . the midget pelt another rock , Eric watch this . Eric and the midget cross this yard and through a wire gate to the dry nothingness behind the hotel where a collection of bust truck and caravan be park . ' jacobson Brothers Circus ' be stencill on the side of some with chinese - character translation underneath . the midget sweat and mumble to himself , barely intelligible spew . ( continued ) 25 . continued : midget ( to the air in front of he ) it 's so fuckin hot . it 's so fuckin hot . the midget muffle he last word , cover he nose and mouth with he free hand . Eric be suddenly overcome by the stench too . he see a dead cow lie bloat on its side about 20 foot away . the midget lead Eric wind between truck to a little caravan at the far rear of the park convoy . the midget have to practically climb the step like a ladder to its little door and reach high over he head for its handle . he swing the door open . Eric follow he inside . int . midget' caravan - day the midget shut the caravan door behind Eric and speak directly to he for the first time . midget you make sure you get a grip on a person 's company before you start talk he business in front of they . the midget climb up on he bed to be stand on it , about to reach up to a shelf above it . eric I need a gun . the midget turn back to Eric . midget I just say a important thing about how to behave in front of people . do not you go just ignore I with what it be you want . eric I do not want it . I need it . midget what do it look like I be do up here ? I hear you . I hear what you need . pay I the courtesy of blink or some such so I know you hear I , do like this . the midget blink big and exaggerated . eric I hear you . ( continued ) 26 . continued : midget puck . the midget turn back to the shelf and carefully pull down a box . he lay it down on the bed . he stand over it and lift its lid off . Inside be four handgun , rest on fold towel . Eric look at they and reach in for one . midget ( cont 'd ) careful . stand on the bed , the midget stand almost eye to eye with Eric . midget ( cont 'd ) they be three hundred each . Eric feel the gun 's weight . he examine it , obviously familiar with its operation , the midget point to each gun in the box individually . midget ( cont 'd ) that one 's three hundred . that one 's three hundred . that one 's three hundred ... I only take US dollar , Eric put the gun back in the box and lift out another . he feel its weight . eric I do not have three hundred US . midget they nre three hundred US . eric can you do this one for less ? midget ( irritate ) I tell you how much they cost . they be three hundred . you do not have three hundred , then that 's that . we can finish talk . Eric look again at the gun in he hand . then , cold and blank , he raise it and shoot the midget square in the forehead . the midget fall back against the blood -splatter caravan wall . Eric shove the gun down the front of he pants , look around , wary of the noise he have just make . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) he exit the caravan . ext . hanging garden HOTEL / rear ~ day Eric step off the caravan step , pull the door close behind he . he wind he way back towards the hotel ~- between the truck , past the dead cow , through the wire gate , past the angry dog to the hotel 's back door . int . hanging garden HOTEL - day Eric walk back through the hotel straight for the stair . he climb they . at the top , the woman be still sit and knitting . Eric move straight to she . when he 's stand over she , he pull the gun from he belt and point it at she face . she look up . eric I be look for a black falcon . have you see it ? the woman look at he a long moment . she do not seem even remotely unsettle . she look at he gently . she continue knitting . her needle continue they click-click . grandma what 's you name ? I want to know you name . eric answer my question . grandma answer mine . eric answer my question , I be not gonna say it again , grandma ok , I '11 call you 'my baby ' . my baby . I see a falcon and it have three man in it and it do what most car do . it come in one direction and leave in the other . I can not tell you any more than that . the only detail I can give you be the detail that pertain to this place . I can tell you what they drank . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 . continued : grandma ( cont 'd ) I can tell you what they smell like . I can tell you how long they stay . I can tell you what they say , if they say anything and if I hear what it be they say . but that 's about all I can tell you . eric what do they say ? she pause , match he stare . her eye be gentle , grandma they do not say anything . they do not stop here . she hold Eric 's eye , as if the gun he hold be invisible . Eric struggle inside . the woman speak tender . Eric stand catatonic , gun point . grandma ( cont 'd ) you must really love that car , darling . she hold out she knitting for she own inspection . it 's a tiny baby - size stripe sweater . Eric hold the gun on she . he 's lose . grandma ( cont 'd ) of all the thing in this day and age to get work up about . she look he in the eye again . grandma ( cont 'd ) what be it about that car you love so much ? Eric do not answer . there 's something about this woman he find intimidating , hypnotic . grandma ( cont 'd ) can you tell I ? Eric watch she , unmove . she soften further . grandma ( cont 'd ) what 's you name , sweetheart ? Eric take a step closer , hold the gun on she , its barrel only inch from she face . she casually , slowly palm it away . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) grandma ( cont 'd ) do not be silly . now you be just be rude . Eric slip the gun into he belt . he turn and head back down the hall towards the stair . he walk down the stair . he walk back through the public bar to the front door , oblivious to the people watch he leave . ext . carny town STREET - day Eric step back out onto the blind street and make the walk back to the gas station and he car . ext . carny town / gas station - day Eric arrive back at he bust car . the cop car be still there , door still open . Eric pull he key from he pocket . he drop they . he bend to pick they up . click . a gun be cocked at he head . reynold stand bloody and hunch behind he . he 's in pain and practically delirious . reynold what be you do with this car ? eric why do you want to know ? reynold my brother be in this car . where be he ? eric who 's you brother ? reynold where be he ? where 's my brother ? reynold stumble . Eric can see he fade . reynold ( cont 'd ) where be he ? reynold stumble to one knee . ( continued ) 30 . continued : in a flash , Eric pull he own gun from he belt and hold it hard against reynold ' head , reynold drop he gun . Eric speak angry . eric who 's you brother ? where be he ? reynold cough . he struggle for breath . eric ( cont 'd ) where 's you brother !? reynold I lose he . eric where 's he go ? reynold struggle for breath . eric ( cont 'd ) where 's he go ? tell I or I kill you now . reynold I need help . eric tell I where he 's go . reynold . I know where he 's go . eric where ! ? reynold spit . reynold but you gotta help I . reynold spit again . reynold ( cont 'd ) I be not good , int . carny town / gas station ~ day Eric burst into the store hold he gun . he head around the shelf to the counter . rounding the corner to the counter , a blast rip from the old guy 's shotgun , smash shelf , blow shit everywhere . ( continued ) continued ; Eric recoil behind the shelf . eric I need a doctor . old guy put you gun on the ground where I can see it . Eric put the gun on the floor in the aisle . old guy ( cont ‘d ) now come out here where I can see you . Eric emerge from the behind the shelf . the old man be there , shotgun point straight at he . Eric stand unafraid before the old guy . eric I need a doctor . be there a doctor around here ? old guy no. eric I need to find a doctor . old guy there 's no one useful here . I be about the most useful person in this town - if that give you any idea how far from have a doctor this town be . eric be there a doctor somewhere else ? somewhere out of town ? old guy why should I tell you ? eric help I , old man . old guy I have be help you , go . that 's all I have be do . the old guy watch Eric . Eric watch he back . 31 . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) eric please . old guy buy something . eric please , old man . old guy you buy something . I tell you what I get . I get sandwich and cold drink and other stuff . I be not do this because I love it . I be do this because I need to make a live somehow . and you come in here like I be the information kiosk . I be a businessman try to run a business and instead I gotta deal with this shit all day . you go to that counter there and you pick yourself out a sandwich or a cold drink or maybe both and then I will treat you like a customer . eric I need a doctor . old guy I be not joke . I know you think I be , but I be not joke . you have walk in here and we emotional life have intersected and this be where I be at in mine . and I will not accept that where you be at in yours take precedence . and I have get a bigger gun than you , so that 's all that matter anyway . pick something off the shelf . Eric and the old guy watch each other a moment before Eric step over to the drink shelf and lift a bottle off without look at it . he then take it to the counter warily . the old guy keep he gun train as Eric reach into he pocket and pull out a small wad of money . eric you take Australian dollar ? old guy I would prefer not , but if that 's what you have get , then that 's what I will take . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 3 ) Eric peel a ten-dollar note from the wad and place it on the counter . the old guy reach carefully into he pocket with he free hand and produce a single two - dollar coin , which he slide over to Eric . old guy ( cont 'd ) there 's a doctor in the hill . you head east and you will see the hill . take the first road you see that look like it head for that hill and head for they and eventually you will see it . it 's get a old letterbox , say ' peeples 's on it . it 's a yellow letterbox , say ' peeples ' write on it . Eric nod a small thanks . he pick he gun from the debris on the floor as he head for the door . int . commodore ~- day Eric drive , steady but urgent . he look over to reynold who be quietly clutching he gut , lose in he own private pain . reynold what 's go on ? eric tell I where you brother be . reynold you gotta get I to help . eric tell I where he be . there 's a good chance you be gonna die soon so tell I now . reynold I can not do that . reynold wince . reynold ( cont 'd ) just help I , please . int . commodore ~ night it 's dark now . Eric steer the car slowly along a wind road head up into the hill . ( continued ) 34 . continued : there 's dense bush on either side of the road . the commodore have only one function headlight . Eric keep a sharp eye on the roadside , look for the yellow mailbox . reynold be still beside he , now wrap in a jacket . his eye be close , but he 's shiver . the temperature have drop . nocturnal animal hoot and squeal can be hear eerily through the car 's bust window . Eric round a bend and there in the distance , by the side of the road , be a yellow mailbox , illuminate in the weak beam of the commodore 's light . as the car near , Eric strain to read ' peeple ' write on its side . he swing the wheel and take the commodore up the dirt drive beside the mailbox . the drive be long and narrow and box in either side by dense bush . Eric be force to take it slower than he would like , drive with only one headlight . after something close to a kilometre , the drive open out to a clear at the back of which , two hundred metre away , sit a old wooden house on tropical stilt , surround by patch of lush jungle . behind the house be more dense bush . Eric pull the commodore up close the the house and switch off the engine . he open the door for a little overhead light and shove he pistol down the front of he pants . he climb out of the car . ext . peeple house - night Eric stand beside the commodore and pull he T-shirt down firmly ever he belt , properly conceal he pistol . he walk away from the car , leave the door open . in the light in the car , we can see reynold curl up in the jacket . Eric walk warily towards the house , look around he , closely inspect the house as he approach . when he be only metre from the front step , a security light switch on automatically . ( continued ) 35 . continued : Eric stop dead in he track . he pause a second , then continue on carefully . he climb the wooden step to the house 's front door . Old tibetan prayer flag hang all along the front porch . he look around , then open the fly screen and bang loudly on the door . he let the fly screen close again and adjust the gun in he belt . he look back to the car , at reynold inside it . he open the fly screen and bang again . he let the fly screen close . a female voice . boc pull the gun out of you pants and put it on the ground , Eric turn . a girl , doc , maybe only 17 year old , be stand down the other end of the porch point a rifle at he . she 's wear short and a T - shirt . no shoe . she 's be asleep . Eric notice a older aboriginal man , mickey , stand down off the porch beside he . Eric pull the pistol from he belt and carefully put it down on the porch , eric this man need help . doc kick the gun over here . Eric kick the gun . it skid across the porch landing close to the girl 's foot . doc ( cont 'd ) lift you shirt and turn slow . Eric lift he shirt , turn slow . doc ( cont 'd ) turn you pocket out . Eric turn he pocket out . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) Doc ( cont 'd ) ok , roll you short up . eric what ? doc Roll the leg of you short up . High as they will go . one at a time . Eric bend and roll he short , first one leg , then the other , expose he thigh . doc ( cont 'd ) now bend slow and take you shoe off , Eric slip he sneaker off and drop they beside he . poc ( cont ’d ) now you sock . Eric peel he sock off , then stand straight . eric he need help . doc ok . with she eye train on Eric 's , she kick he handgun back along the porch . it slide to a rest against he foot . she look at he a moment longer . poc ( cont 'd ) ( to young aboriginal man ) mickey , can you help he get the guy inside ? int . peeple house / surgery ~ night a small Buddhist shrine . frame picture of various geshes and one of a young tibetan boy in robe ~ the new dalai lama . surgical equipment . anatomical diagram and chart on the wall . animal and people . reynold be laid out on a big wooden dining table in a back room clearly not use for dining . Dec be fishing around inside reynold ' gut with surgical tool . ( continued ) 37 . continued : Eric sit slouched in a chair against a wall . he 's exhaust and unsettle . mickey sit in a chair in the corner of the room , keep watch , the rifle across he lap . eric you be a Buddhist . doc I be not a Buddhist . I just like Buddhism . eric that make you a Buddhist . Doc just because I like something do not mean I be that thing . eric that 's exactly what it mean . what 's a Buddhist do point a gun at I ? she look at he . he 's suddenly more interesting than she would first think . doc nothing say I can not defend myself when I need to . eric what make you think you do not still need to ? why do you give I my gun back ? she ignore this for a moment , concentrate on the mess before she . doc I just need to get a look in you eye , get a look at you character . Eric be force to think momentarily about he ' character ' . his eye do not leave doc. eric you think you can know who I be by look in my eye ? boc I can know what I need to know . {continued ) continued : 38 . ( 2 ) eric and what be it you think you know ? boc that you come here for help and nothing else . she wipe she nose with the back of she sleeve . doc ( cont 'd ) it look like the bullet go straight through he , but he 's lose some blood , I reckon . Eric do not respond . he look at mickey who be look right back at he and have be all along . silence . doc ( cont 'd ) be this man you friend ? eric I meet he in the street . eric ( cont 'd ) how much do you want for this ? Doc I do not want you money . money 's not what I think about when I can see someone 's in a bad way . she concentrate a moment . doc ( cont 'd ) I have get pretty good at learn how to live without money . eric how do you know how to do this ? Doc I know how to do a lot of thing . I have teach myself how to do a lot of different thing . Eric watch she . he stand . she watch he . he leave the room . she and mickey watch he go . 39 . int , peeple house / bathroom ~- night Eric lift he shirt off , stand in the bathroom beside a big tub of water . he take a towel from the wall rack and dip it in the tub . he be cover in road filth from the commodore 's miss windshield . he soak the towel in the tub and rub it deep over he face . he then methodically sponge he torso . he wince in pain . he have accrue cut and bruise he have not notice until now . he wring the soaking towel in the bathroom sink and drop it on the floor . he take another towel and dry himself . he stop and take a moment to look at himself in the mirror . int . peeple house / lounge - night Eric emerge from the bathroom and walk the hall to the lounge . while Doc work on reynold , Eric roam she house . the lounge be relaxed . dark. Old asian furniture . int . peeple house / back room ~- night Eric wander into a dark room and flick on the fluorescent light . the room be stack floor to ceiling with cage . dog in the cage . different breed . they do not make sound . where normal dog would go crazy bark with the arrival of a stranger , this dog sit silent , shut down . Eric noticeably shift , soften in they presence . he sit ina chair . he scan the cage . his eye begin to well . he drop he face into he hand . boc I have to keep they lock up in here for the most part cause there 's people out there who will take they for food . there 's hungry people around here . have you get a television ? Eric turn , startle . Doc stand in the doorway . she have blood down the front of she apron . he turn back to face the dog , to hide he face from doc. emotion do not sit comfortably . ( continued ) continued : 40 . eric no . doc I figure if I have a tv I would know why this guy have come to I ... I have stop pay attention . I hear thing . people have thing to say about the world . but I do not feel like anybody have any idea what they be talk about . she seem strangely resign to some fate she can not foresee . she seem strangely accept of the harden man cry quietly in front of she . she stand in the doorway look at the cage and they occupant . doc ( cont 'd ) nearly all of this guy have come to I in the last twelve month . people bring they and ask I to look after they while they go away - because they have to go somewhere or do something . and then none of they have ever come back ... I guess they have go look for money . that 's the only reason people move around . money and love . but I do not suppose all this guy have come to I because they owner have go look for love . she scratch she nose with she arm , she hand still wet from a post - op scrub . Eric make Doc { cont 'd ) and when they get drop off , I would have this feel like something be not right . like they mum and dad no have a off - kilter look on they face . you know what I mean ? they look like they know they be not come back , even if they do not know it properly themselves yet . close eye contact with the dog nearest to he , a sad black cocker spaniel stare straight back at he . Eric 's eye be moist . he drop he face into he hand again . eric thing feel hard right now . Doc watch he close . boc thing always change . ( continued ) a 1 . continued : ( 2 ) Eric raise he head and try to harden again . she look at he like she acknowledge he sadness for the first time . eric when can we get out of here ? boc he 's gonna sleep for a bit . int , peeple house / lounge - night Doc and Eric stand in the lounge , look at the lounge set . doc you might be too long for the couch , I dunno , all this chair be comfy . they stand in the room in awkward silence for a moment , like maybe something else need to be say . boc ( cont 'd ) I will see you later . Doc start towards the hall . eric why have you do this for he ? she stop . boc I do not know . I do not like what it would mean if I do not . she continue out of the room , leave Eric stand alone . ext . peeple house day early morning . the sun have rise above the hill behind the house . cockatoos screech . int . peeple house / lounge - day Eric be asleep in a armchair , wrap in a too-small blanket . Sun filter into the room . it feel dark and cool in the house . reynold where be we ? Eric open he eye . reynold be stand before he , look at he , clutching he side , wobbly on he foot . ( continued ) 42 . continued : Eric look around confuse for a second , like he can not remember where they be . he gather he sense and sit up in the armchair , still groggy . eric what be you do ? reynold I feel good . eric ok , reynold who doctore I ? Eric stand and look around . he cross the room to door open onto a back veranda . the door be open . he step outside . ext . peeple house - day the day outside be already bleach and hot . Eric go to the veranda railing and look out over paddock to the densely bushed hill and valley beyond . Doc be at the nearest back fence , feed a horse from a bucket , talk to mickey . Eric watch she . she stroke the horse 's head , then leave the bucket and head back to the house . as she approach , she look up to see Eric watch she . int . peeple house / lounge ~ day reynold sit shirtless in a chair by the dining table while Doc inspect he bandage . Eric stand nearby , look out the window . boc ( to reynold ) lift you arm for I . can you lift it ? reynold lift he arm , wince only slightly with pain . doc ( cont 'd ) that look ok . you will need to keep it clean . reynold ok . ( continued ) 43 . continued : Doc stand . boc I can give you some fresh swab and bandage . reynold thank you , mam . Doc smile and leave the room . eric we need to get go . reynold we should ask the lady . eric we be leave . reynold we should ask what the lady say . a chime sound . it 's like a electric doorbell . Eric and reynold freeze , look at each other , suddenly anxious . Eric move quickly to a window to see what he can see outside . Doc enter , hold swab and bandage . she look concerned . eric what 's that sound mean ? boc a car 's come up the drive . eric what car ? doc I do not know . the sound chime again . Doc ( cont 'd ) that 's two car . eric who know we be up here ? Doc / I have not tell anyone . i ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 2 ) beat , eric we need to leave . Eric hurriedly start grab he thing - jacket , shoe , gun . doc there 's no way out of here other than the way they be come in . eric how long have we get ? Doc help reynold put he T-shirt back on , boc a minute maybe . I should go talk to they . eric if it 's who I think it be , they will not be here to talk . boc who be it ? Eric check the mag of he handgun . doc ( cont 'd ) ( more frantic ) who be it ? eric Circus freak . where 's you rifle ? doc why ? tell I what 's go on here . Eric turn to she directly , sternly . boc ( cont ’d ) get you rifle . Doc leave the room . eric ( to reynold ) where 's you gun ? reynold I do not know . in the car , I would be guess , ( continued ) 45 , continued : ( 3 ) Eric move to the window . reynold try to lift himself off he chair , struggle . reynold ( cont ’d ) you want I should go get it ? Eric peer through the window to the still empty drive . eric no. through the window , Eric can see the first of the car appear , head up the drive . it 's a white hi- Ace minivan with two people inside , the chinese acrobat . it 's follow soon after by a small white utility truck with lone driver . and then Eric see mickey head across the front grounds to greet the new arrival . Doc appear behind he with the rifle . boc tell I what 's go on here . Eric reach for the rifle . she pass it to he . he check it . he handle it expertly . Doc move to the window and look out to see the vehicle come to a stop . and mickey approach to meet they . boc ( cont 'd ) oh god. ( to Eric ) what 's go on here ? Eric take she by the arm and pull she away . eric move away from the window . Doc stumble back into the centre of the room , shake and confuse . Eric rest the rifle on the sill . doc who be this people ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 4 ) before he can line up a shot , mickey approach the window of the now stationary van . he lean in to the driver 's window to talk . two word be exchange , and then mickey be shot in the head at close range , slumping to the ground beside the van . doc ( cont ‘d ) no . the dog in cage start howling from the back room . boc ( cont ’d ) ( distraught ) what 's go on ?! Eric pull the rifle trigger . the single crack open a spider web in the van 's windscreen . the rifle blast inside the room be loud . reynold cover he ear , frighten and confuse . Doc be now frantic , paralyse . boc ( cont ’d ) what 's go on ?! quickly , expertly , Eric shift he position slightly on the window sill . he fire again . open another jag web on the passenger side of the windscreen . the man in the utility be now out of he truck , confuse , brandish a handgun . Eric shift slightly again and fire . the man drop . silence , bar one howling dog . Eric breathes , wait for sign of movement . none . and then Doc charge across the room and attack he . she jump on he back , wail and scratch . Eric lift she off the ground with one arm , the other still clutching the rifle . he carry she across the room and put she down against the wall . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 5 ) she crumple and cry . Eric breathes , gather he thought . he prop the rifle against the wall . eric call the police , they will deal with the body . tell they whatever you need to tell they . Square you ledger . they will not bother with I , but it will make you feel better . Doc sit , wreck , breathe shallow , look at he with break contempt . eric ( cont 'd ) I do not mean for this happen . it just follow I here . doc that 's you . he look at she . he know he have ruin this place . doc ( cont ’d ) what follow you be what you be . he do not know how to respond to this . reynold be still sit with he hand over he ear . Eric look at he coldly . eric get up . ext . peeple house - day Eric and reynold in the commodore . the now serene and menace hill loom behind they as Eric take the car back out onto the seal road . int . commodore - day it 's dusk . the sun barely cling to the horizon . Eric look weary behind he sunglass . he 's press on . they be back in dry country . the wind tear through the break passenger window . ( continued ) 48 . continued : reynold be asleep . the temperature have drop . reynold have wrap he arm in a plastic bag to keep warm . it rustle wildly and loudly in the gust . Eric drop the commodore down a gear , slow behind a big , dirty truck on the outskirt of a dry and dirty town . reynold wake , dopey . he pull the cacophonous plastic bag away and throw it into the back seat . reynold where be we ? eric I do not know . they sit in silence . reynold I be hungry . Eric stay unreachable behind he sunglass , follow the truck into town . reynold look out the window at a emaciate dog snout the remain of a dead animal in the road . ext . motel ~ night the sun have just drop , but the sky hum vaguely purple . Eric cruise the commodore past a old motel on a back street of the town . i/e. commodore ~ night Eric scope the motel as they pass . he pull into the motel car park . he take the commodore down past the last room and swing it around the back , out of sight from the street , and come to a stop . he shove he pistol down the front of he pants and pull the key from the ignition . eric wait here . Eric get out of the car and head back around the front of the motel to the reception office . he look around cautiously as he walk . reynold watch he from inside the car . 49 , int . motel / reception office - night Eric enter the motel reception . it 's empty . and then a little aboriginal kid enter from a back room . he eye Eric suspiciously . the room be dank and dimly light with a low - watt fluorescent tube . eric I need a room . kid ok , the kid run off behind the counter and through a door lead into a dark hall . Eric look around . the only sign of decoration be a big old map of Australia stick to the wall , yellow and fray . Eric study it from where he stand . he look at it close - east coast city , desert , tropical north . everything on the map seem so far away , from another time . the kid re-enter the reception area . Eric turn from the map . kid ( cont 'd ) you gotta pay I . eric how much ? kid USA eighty for one night . eric you take Australian ? kid USA money . Eric look at the kid , contemplate argue the price and currency , decide against . he pull he deplete roll from he pocket and peel off 80 . he put it on the counter . the kid hand he a fat room key . ( continued ) 50 . continued : kid ( cont 'd ) you get number seven . there 's sheet and that in there . eric where be we here ? Eric stuff he money roll back in he pocket . kid Queen 's Motel . eric what town be we in ? kid we be in belindem . eric where be it ? show I on the map . Eric point to the map on the wall . the kid clamber up on a armchair underneath it . kid it 's not write on this here , but it 's somewhere like this place . he point with a little grubby finger to a spot somewhere in the vast eastern half of the map . Eric take a look where the kid point . he lift the kid down from the armchair and head for the door . int . motel room - night the door unlock . Eric open it and hold it open . reynold enter the room . Eric stand at the door , scour the street outside . reynold lower himself onto one of the two single bed in the room , wince slightly with pain , as Eric close the door and latch it . eric you be gonna start talk to I . reynold what ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : eric do not fuckin ' what ' I . you be gonna talk . now. reynold but I tell you I can not tell you nothing more than I already tell you . eric I do not care what you think you already tell I . you be gonna talk . and you be gonna do it now . reynold but I can not . Eric step fast across the room . he heave reynold off the bed and slam he against the wall , hold he by he shirt and throat . eric where be we ? reynold ' face contort in pain . reynold do not . eric where be we ? reynold what ? eric where be we ? reynold I do not know . eric I do not know either . so how be we gonna find out how to get to where we be go if you do not know where you be and I do not know where where we be go be ? Eric hold reynold against the wall . eric ( cont 'd ) can you answer that ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) reynold do not answer but the look of fear and confusion on he face be clear , eric ( cont 'd ) do you even understand what I just say , half - wit ? Eric stare hard and close into reynold ' eye . eric ( cont 'd ) no . you do not . Eric release he . reynold crumple to the ground , hold he side . Eric stand over he , watch . eric ( cont 'd ) I need to eat . then we be sleep a few hour and we be go again . and somewhere between now and then , you be gonna start talk to I or I be gonna slit you throat . do you understand that ? reynold stare at the floor . Eric kick he foot . eric ( cont ’d ) I ask you a fuckin question . reynold nod , still stare at the floor . reynold yes . Eric leave the room . i/e. eat - house = night a grey , empty and fluorescent - light shopfront eat-house behind a three ~ quarter - open roller door . six plastic table with short plastic seat . the street outside be quiet , shut down for the night . Eric stand at the counter , spoon rice and a dried~ fish paste onto a plate from big bowl of same . it 's food that have be cook on a dirty grill make of loose brick and hot coal beside the counter . when the bowl be full Eric pull cash from he pocket and sit it on the counter , make cold and fleeting eye-contact with a young chinese woman sit on a short stool behind it . the woman seem interested in nothing but the card she have laid out on the floor at she foot in solitaire formation . ( continued } 53 . continued : Eric step away from the counter and take a seat right beside reynold who be already well into he plate . Eric mix he rice and fish around with he spoon and take a mouthful . he chew a moment before reach into he mouth and remove a bone . he put the bone into a fade plastic coca - cola ashtray . they sit in silence . then reynold get out of he seat and go to the counter . Eric only glance up at he as he go . Eric eat alone , stare out into the dark and quiet street . he hear voice behind he . he turn to see reynold in conversation with the woman behind the counter . reynold be speak halting chinese . the conversation finish . reynold return to the table and resume he eat . reynold we be go to carloon . Eric look at he sideways , suspicious . reynold ( cont 'd ) I just go over and ask that lady how we would go about get to carloon from here , pause . Eric say nothing . reynold ( cont 'd ) you say you want to know so bad , now that reynold be talk , Eric watch he , wait for more to unveil . Eric take another mouthful of rice . reynold ( cont 'd ) and I might as well tell you cause what 's to stop you go over there now and ask she the same question ? or not the same question but a question about my question , like a question about the question I just ask she about how we would go about get to carloon and then you would know anyway . beat . Eric watch reynold . reynold have be think about this . ( continued ) 54 , continued : ( 2 ) reynold ( cont 'd ) but you do not know where in carloon we be go , so I be still in control here . Eric watch reynold coldly . eric who be you ? reynold I be rey . eric who be you ? why be you here ? reynold I and my brother come out for the mine . like everybody else . eric why 's you brother in carloon ? reynold coz that 's where he be gonna go . eric why be you here and you brother 's in carloon ? reynold appear like he have not think to ask himself this question already . or it 's something he have not want to think about . reynold coz he have to get go in a big hurry . eric why be he in a big hurry ? reynold coz he have to get away from the police . eric why do have to get away from the police ? reynold look around the empty shop . talk about he brother be make he anxious . reynold I do not know . I can not talk no more about it . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 3 ) eric why do he have to get away from the police ? reynold I can not talk about it no more . eric whatever it be he do , you get leave behind to die while he be do it . Eric watch reynold . reynold can not meet he eye . reynold it do not happen like that . eric how do it happen then ? reynold I say I can not talk to you no more about it , so stop ask I about everything . reynold turn he head even further away . Eric take another spoonful of food , almost bemuse . reynold be think . and it take he a long moment of Eric mouthful and reynold silence for he to work out what it be he want to say . reynold ( cont 'd ) I believe in God and I know Henry believe in God and so there 's no harm Henry would want to see I come to . I believe in that , Eric almost think this be funny . eric so take a look at the harm you have come to and where 's Henry ? reynold he 's waitin ' for I . eric you believe that . reynold yes. eric he 's not wait for you . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 4 ) reynold yes , he be . Eric pause , look at reynold . Eric 's face shift to something approach contempt . eric he 's not wait for you . Eric stare cold and empty at reynold . eric ( cont ’d ) you need to learn how to live . God 's not gonna teach you . you mum and dad will not teach you . you brother 's not gonna teach you that . just cause he and you come out of the same woman 's hole do not mean anything . the only thing that mean anything be that I be here with you now and he 's not . ( pause ) the sooner you learn that , the sooner you learn what it be about people that make they tick — and that it 's not you that make they tick - the sooner you learn that about people , the better off you will be . you understand that ? you need to learn how to live ... otherwise you be gonna die real soon , reynold have he head bow . eric ( cont 'd ) you brother leave you to rot . that 's what people do . reynold offer no response . Eric watch intensely for one . Eric be surprised at he own feeling - what begin as dismissive contempt here have start to boil . reynold continue stare at he plate , give nothing but defeat . eric ( cont 'd ) you do not realise that , you death be gonna come to you real soon . Eric stand . he 's angry . he step over the bench they sit on , throw he spoon down on the table and exit . reynold be leave sit in the dank eat-house , try he best to feign stoicism . he sit in this position a while . then he resume eat alone . 57 . int . motel room - day Eric lie on he bed , in jeans and no shirt , asleep . Sun stream into the room through half~open venetian . his eye open , and then he sit up , startle . reynold be curl asleep in the next bed , under the cover . eric wake up . Eric get off the bed and pull he T-shirt on . eric ( cont 'd ) c'mon . get up . we gotta go . Eric go to the water bucket in the bathroom . it 's practically empty . he tip it over he face . he re-enter the room . reynold stir . eric ( cont 'd ) get up . Eric take he gun from under he pillow and stick it in the front of he pants . he move to the end of reynold 's bed and pull the cover away . reynold be fully clothed and curl up . eric ( cont 'd ) I be gonna get we some water . when I get back you need to be ready to leave . reynold rub he eye . eric ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? we can not stay here . reynold nod . reynold ( meekly ) yes , Eric step outside . 58 . ext . motel ~ day Erie step into the scorching daylight , squinting . he let he eye adjust and then walk past other room that appear to be unoccupy - no car park outside they , no sign of life . Eric head round behind the motel to where the commodore be park . he reach in the car 's break back window and pull out two old and empty plastic water bottle . he look around to see who might be watch , scour the area . he see a water pump out the back of building a hundred yard across a dusty and foul vacant lot . he head towards it . i/e. motel room - day reynold sit up and drop he leg over the side of the bed . he rub he eye . he look sad . he stand and go to the window . he peer through the venetian out to the street , in the street , he see a police car pull up and stop in the street outside the motel , across the car park . startle , reynold step away from the window . he be suddenly panicked . he go to the bathroom . a small half open window sit above the sink . reynold contemplate it a moment then go back into the room , look around anxious . he go to he dirty plastic bag on the floor and pull a handgun from inside it . he then crouch between the bed , the gun point at the door . a few tense and silent moment pass . and then there be a knock at the door . reynold be freeze with fear . he wait , then another knock . follow closely by another . reynold squeeze he eye shut and fire the gun at the door . it blast loud in the little room . a hole crack through the thin wood of the door . reynold can hear the sound of someone hit the cement outside . ( continued } 59 . continued : he stand slowly , still clutching he gun , and creep towards the door . he take the handle and turn it gently . the latch give . reynold pull the door open . lying outside , dead and gore , be the little aboriginal motel boy still clutching a stack of fold sheet . reynold stand stunne and horrify look at the mess he have make until , with a blast , the door beside he practically explode into splinter . reynold hit the ground in the doorway and look across the street . the cop stand beside he car , across the motel car park , hold a pump-action shotgun . reynold scurries on he hand and knee back inside the motel room . ext . build - day Eric stand , eye wire , ear prick . the hand pump beside he trickle water over the upturn bottle . he pull the gun from he pants and make he way cautiously towards the sound . int . motel room - day reynold sit under the window , clutching he gun and breathe hard , another blast and the window above he shatter and shower glass . reynold be frantic . he pop up and look through the window and then pop straight back down again . he see the cop fleetingly . he lift he handgun and point it blind out the window . he pull the trigger twice . two report ring out . another shotgun blast take a chunk out of the window frame . reynold cower . ext . motel ~ day Eric round the side of a building onto the road , a hundred yard from the motel . he look down the street to see the cop , in profile , crouch beside he car , slotting shotgun cartridge into he pump - action . the cop raise the shotgun and blast in the direction of the motel . ( continued ) 60 . continued : Eric cross the footpath onto the street and begin a slow creep towards the cop , conceal himself behind park car . he have he gun draw . as he draw closer , the motel come into proper view . he can see that it be they room that have be shot up and that have now become the site of a siege . a handgun report pop from the motel room . Eric creep closer , approach the cop from behind . the cop raise he pump-action and fire again at the room . Eric creep closer . the cop slide the chamber , Eric step up directly behind the cop now . he hold he gun at the back of the cop 's head , point blank , and pull the trigger . blood spray from the cop 's face as he slump forward and the shotgun clatter to road at he side . Eric stand over the body . he do not want to have to do this . he look around . Three aboriginal boy watch from a long way down the street . other than that , all be empty and quiet . Eric step over the cop 's body and walk across the motel car park , squinting in the sun , it feel like a long walk . halfway across the car park , another handgun report crack from the motel room . Eric stop , half - ~ duck . eric ( yell ) it 's I ! reynold ( 0,S. ) ( yell ) be it you ? eric ( yell ) stop shoot ! Eric continue he walk , pick up the pace . he reach the door to the room . 61 . int . motel room - day Eric open the door . reynold be cower under the window , in a mess of break glass and splinter wood . he be cry . he look up at Eric like a scared and crazy little kid . reynold ( through sob ) I just want to fight . I just want to fight he . Eric watch reynold for a moment . then he look around the room . eric we gotta go . Eric start gather he thing together . he pull blanket off the bed . reynold watch he do it . Eric drag he roughly up off the ground by he shirt . eric ( cont 'd ) ( impatient ) let 's go . get up . ext . motel - day Eric and reynold approach the commodore - a distraught reynold a couple of foot behind Eric , carry he stuff in he dirty plastic bag . they wrench open the car 's door and climb inside . Eric fire the engine and reverse hard back around the motel into its car park . he then slam into gear and drive out onto the street , leave the carnage behind in the heat . i/e. commodore - day Eric round a corner , take the commodore onto the town 's bright and empty main street . a hundred metre ahead , they see a little aboriginal boy stand in the street , wave they down . ( continued ) 62 . continued : reynold be anxious . Eric be impassive . they do not speak . the kid continue wave as they approach and then point off to the side . then the wail of a train 's horn . to the car 's leave be a long and dirty freight train approach a crossing in the street ahead of they . it 's too close to outrun . Eric slow the car to a stop as the train cross the street before they . the train be old and rusted - a long line of heavy industrial freight container pull by a old mean engine . on the roof of every third container , guy in dirty civilian clothes - t-shirt , jeans , track pants - sit cross -legge , clutching machine gun like a low - pay militia guard the train and its cargo . they look down listlessly at the commodore as the train roll past . the aboriginal boy , now with two friend , stand beside the car at reynold ' window , he hand hold out for money . train boy {to reynold ) money . reynold look to the kid , Eric watch the train pass , watch the machine gun on its roof . train boy ( cont 'd ) you gotta give I money for tell you about the train 's come . reynold I be not get no money . the train be inconceivably long and move slow . it feel to Eric and reynold that they be sit at this crossing for a uncomfortably long time . the aboriginal boy keep up he demand for money . he move round the front of the car to Eric 's window . train boy ( to Eric ) you gotta give I money for tell you about the train 's come . Eric ignore he , watch the train . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) train boy ( cont 'd ) friend . you gotta give I money . Eric ignore the kid . he look over he shoulder to survey the street behind they , nothing . emptiness and heat haze . he turn back . train boy ( cont 'd ) give I money for tell you about the train 's come . the train 's last carriage finally heave by . with the little aboriginal kid still want he money , Eric put the commodore in gear and roll it slowly across the track . Eric pick up the speed , pull away , leave the kid and he friend behind they in the heat and the nowhere . ext . desert ~ day the commodore growl over bitumen through the scrub plain . Lone bird in the sky scour the ground for food , squawk something that sound like pain . int . commodore - day hot. dusty . dry. wind race through the break passenger window . reynold be buffete by it . Eric watch the road from behind he shade . he stay look straight ahead , unreadable , as they head towards the hill that loom heavy . ext . OPEN -cut mine ~ day Eric stand on the rim of a long abandon giant open~cut mine . it 's a gigantic tiere pit of scorched ground and devastation hundred of metre deep and stretch for mile , earth gouge and rape and leave for dead . Eric stare across it to the horizon , expressionless behind he sunglass . reynold head back towards the car , zipping he fly and wiping he hand on he shirt . Eric continue he gaze a few moment longer then turn back to the car , 64 . ext . fuel station - day the commodore pull into a roadside fuel station in a town of no more than three building . hardly a town at all - more a couple of people huddle together for survival . the station be two pump and a concrete shack with bar and tinted window . Eric pull the commodore up beside one of the pump . he get out . Eric head for the shack . he lean in to the slot in the heavily fortify main window . he can barely see inside . it 's dark and dirty . eric hello ? voice how much you want ? eric fifty . voice fifty US ? eric fifty Australian . voice US dollar only . eric I be out of US . voice take it or leave it . eric what 's wrong with Australian money ? voice take it or leave it . eric it 's paper . it 's worthless . ( continued ) 65 . continued : voice nothing 's worth anything , mate , so it 's worth whatever I say it be . Eric pull a single US note from he pocket and slap it up against the filthy window for the voice to see . eric it 's a piece of fuckin paper . voice yeah , and a diamond 's a piece of fuckin rock . take it or leave it . reynold appear beside Eric at the window . reynold {through the window ) how much do you need ? voice fifty US . reynold pull a healthy roll from he pocket , peel a fifty and slide it through the slot . Eric watch he , surprised to see he with so much money , surprised he would assume he would have none . reynold ( through slot ) have you get any .38 in there ? voice maybe . reynold slide another note through the slot . reynold I need a box . reynold look out at the desert , deliberately avoid eye contact with Eric . a awkward moment pass before the goods tray rattles and slide open . in it be a box of .38 ammunition and some change . reynold slip the change in he pocket , grab he box and walk back to the car . he get in and shut the door . Eric walk to the pump . he unscrew the commodore 's fuel cap . it 's rusty and stick . it take some twist to remove . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) he pull the nozzle from the pump . this be not regular petrol be pump . it 's something else , Eric have to screw the nozzle 's plastic case over the commodore 's fuel hole ~ like a garden hose over a tap . the gas start fill with a hiss sound . Eric peer inside the car . reynold be in the passenger seat load + 38 into he handgun . ext . campsite + evening sunset . Peach and purple sky . Eric sit , poke a new fire with a stick . reynold sit by the fire . he pick he nose and flick the snot into the scrub . reynold she say in the old day it would take we about eight hour to get there , but it might take longer now cause a bunch of that old road be not there no more or at least they be all bad now so you can not drive fast on ‘em . Eric stare at the fire . reynold ( cont 'd ) she say about eight hour . she say about eight to nine hour in the old day . she be not sure if it be eight or nine . she seem a bit confuse about it . and the road be all bad now anyway . eric why would he still be there ? reynold he have to wait two week for someone . there 's a man he 's meeting there and it 's gonna take two week . eric you know this ? or this be what he tell you ? reynold huh ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : eric you should be clear now you brother be not someone you can trust . reynold do not respond . Eric have renkindle in he the pain he feel the night before . reynold sit in silence , stare into the fire . eric ( cont 'd ) so be it something you know or be it just something he say ? pause . reynold in a attempt at defiance ~ reynold it 's both that thing . Eric rip the lid from a small tin of food on the dirt beside he . he spoon its content into he mouth with the blade from a pocket knife . reynold ( cont ’d ) you work in the mine ? pause . eric no. reynold what do you do then ? Eric look at he , contemplate whether he want to engage in small - talk . eric I be a farmer . he turn back to the fire . eric ( cont 'd ) and now I be here . reynold how come you know how to shoot so good ? silence . reynold ( cont ’d ) be you in the army ? more silence . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) Eric toss he empty food tin into the flame . reynold seem use to the idea of people not engage . he do not press . he stare into the fire a long while , wear he think openly . reynold ( cont 'd ) I be tryin ' to stop think about that little boy who die , but I can not . eric you should not . reynold but I can not . eric you should not stop think about he .. you should never stop think about a life you have take . it 's the price you pay for take it . Eric stare into the flame , then pull he blanket over he and lie back . he stare into the sky a moment , then close he eye , leave reynold to think what he need to think . ext . campsite - morning Dawn . reynold sit up on the dirt beside the remain of the extinguish fire . he rub he eye . his hair 's a mess . Eric sleep . reynold stand . he look down at Eric and then around into the bush . he lift he blanket off the dirt , quietly , gently , then creep off into the scrub . Eric sleep . ext . scrub - morning reynold tread lightly through the scrubland . he wrap he blanket around he shoulder . he glance back towards the campsite . he keep walk . he seem nervous , look for something . he glance back again . 69 . ext . campsite ~ morning Eric lie serene . insect noise . a bird squawk somewhere in the far distance . and then the barrel of a high - power automatic rifle appear above he head . his eye open . voice ( 0.s. ) that 's the way . let 's start with the eyelid , we see two man stand over he . cop in dirty paramilitary wear . one cover Eric with a m - 4 . cop 1 I want you to roll over on you front and put you hand behind you back . do it slow . Eric keep watch he , not move at all . cop 1 ( cont 'd ) and do it now . Eric roll over onto he front . the cop step over to he , kick empty food tin out of the way with he boot . cop 1 ( cont 'd ) you shoulda give that abo kid some money . ext . scrub - morning reynold ' ear prick . he be squatting under the tree , pants around he ankle , shitting . through the scrub he can see figure move . he can make out Eric , hand flex - cuffed behind he back , be lift off the ground and lead from the campsite . int . police vehicle - day Eric be in the back of a police vehicle as it pass through the gate of a police complex . one guard at the gate with a loose sling m - 4 watch he as they pass , then follow the car to the compound . 70 . ext . police compound - day the vehicle enter a loosely fortify police compound - a squat , concrete building flimsily surround by a tall wire fence . int . police compound - day Eric stand before a eye-read machine have he eyeball scan . the interior of this building , this office , feel wear around the edge . a once modern institutional police building now without maintenance , but which still have the function remnant of modern technology . and it feel quiet . it would once have be move with cop , administrative employee , people - but now it 's be run by a tiny handful of stretch and anxious guy , only two or three . the last remain fragment of governmental order . the cop swab the inside of Eric 's mouth . he take the mouth swab to the counter and plastic-bag it . cop 1 sit in that chair . Eric sit in a chair against the wall . he cooperate with all instruction . he offer no resistance . cop 1 ( cont 'd ) when be you gonna say something , cunt ? eric what do you want I to say ? cop 1 it 's over . it 's over for you . eric I know that . cop 1 that 's good that you know that . eric do you know it too ? cop 1 I know it , champ . I tell you it . eric do you know it 's over for you too ? the cop look across coldly at Eric . {continued ) continued : 71 . eric ( cont 'd ) whatever you think be over for I be over a long time ago . I be ask you about you . do you know it 's over for you too ? cop 1 be that mean to be a threat ? be you threaten I ? eric no . a threat mean there 's somewhere leave to go . Eric look at he , expressionless . eric ( cont 'd ) I murder my wife ... I follow she to a man 's house and I watch he put he finger inside she and so I kill they both and no one ever come after I . ten year ago . Eric watch the cop for a reaction . he do not get one . eric ( cont 'd ) that hurt I . I never have to explain myself . I never have to lie to anyone . I never have to confess to anyone . I do not need to run and hide . I bury they in a hole and I go home . ten year ago . and no one come after I . and that hurt I more than have my heart break - be know it do not matter , know you can do something like that and no one come after you . you can do a thing like I do and it should really mean something , but it do not . it just do not matter anymore ... that 's what hurt I . cop 1 well , champ , back in abo town you go and do the one thing that really matter to we . now you can do all the lie and confess you want . eric what be you go to do with I ? cop 1 you be go to Sydney . eric why ? ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 2 ) cop 1 because that 's the way it work . you get send to Sydney . eric : why do not you just shoot I ? cop 1 I would find that enjoyable , eric then why do not you do it ? that 's what everyone else be do . cop 1 because we send you to Sydney tell Sydney there 's some reason to keep pay we what they pay we . if we just shot every idiot we want to shoot , then pretty soon they would start wonder what the fuck we be do out here . I personally do not care what happen to you . I do not care if you get to Sydney and get let off or bribe you way out or whatever happen there this day . I do not give a fuck . I be do this for I . eric you be do what for you ? the cop ignore he , he 's say too much already . eric ( cont 'd ) you be do what for you ? what be this job you do ? silence . Eric watch the cop . eric ( cont 'd ) do you think when cavemen be rub stick together , or the Roman be building they monument to themselves , they have a sense that everything be move forward , everything be improve ?... because I remember have that feel once , it 's just a feel of possibility , you know what I mean ? it 's a feel of something like future ... that 's a powerful feel . do you know what I be talk about ? Eric leave a space for the cop to answer , but then do not seem to notice or care when he do not . ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 3 ) eric ( cont ’d ) this now do not feel like that . this do not feel anything like possibility anymore . Eric sit wistfully on this . eric ( cont ’d ) you do not feel that ? cop 1 mate , make no difference to I . I do not care what direction thing be move . what the fuck be you even talk about ? so long as I have get somewhere to be everyday be all I need to think about . Eric think about this a moment , he eye stay pin and desolate on the cop . eric I try that . he think some more . then - eric ( cont 'd ) do you have kid ? the cop ignore he . his blood be beginning to quietly boil . eric ( cont 'd ) I be guess you do . the cop look like he 's ready hurt Eric . and then they hear gunshot come from somewhere else in the building , they ear prick . the cop go for he gun which be on he utility belt , drape over a chair across the room . before he can remove it from its holster , reynold stumble in and shoot the cop dead . reynold look around coursing with naive excitement . reynold be that it ? reynold stand , eye wide , like a little kid just fall off he bike and can not believe he 's not hurt . ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 4 ) reynold ( cont 'd ) that be really easy . he go to the dead cop 's belt and remove the key to Eric 's handcuffs . reynold ( cont 'd ) be that it ? be there only three of they ? Eric nod , vaguely stunne . reynold ( cont 'd ) that be so easy . I think it be gonna be way more harder . Eric , watch reynold . int , police compound - day Eric and reynold walk through the front reception area of the compound , reynold lead the way , still coursing with adrenaline , past the two blast body of the other cop . as they pass - reynold ( point , giddy ) this two be just stand there . ext . police compound - day and then they step out into the light towards the commodore , park askew out front of the building with its driver door hang open . the compound 's front gate lie bust off its hinge behind the car on the dirt . int . commodore - day driving . a truck tear past the commodore , head in the opposite direction on the flat and barren highway . they drive , not speak , strangely contemplative , lose in they individual thought . then reynold start look round , try to get a fix on where they be , look for familiar landmark . it 's difficult in this dry wasteland . it 's farming land , horribly drought -stricken , dead tree and endless brown . ( continued ) 75 . continued : reynold I be pretty sure we need to turn somewhere up here on the leave . they drive further . reynold watch the roadside . wind and dust tear in through the windshield . reynold ( cont 'd ) here it be . up here . the commodore approach a small rusted sign . it read ' carloon ' , Eric take the commodore off the highway and onto a smaller seal road head away into the scrub . ext . commodore - day Eric and reynold stand beside the car , park by the side of the road behind a small clump of tree . it 's late afternoon . the sun be low in the sky . reynold point to a small house perch on a gentle hill slope in the distance . reynold you take the little dirt road that 's about another mile up the way here and it lead straight up there . eric be they alone up there ? reynold for now they be . until they other people arrive , but that be not gonna be for another week , I guess . and there will be Gordon up there too who 's the guy whose house it be , but he 's really old . eric you know all this . reynold look straight ahead . defiant . reynold I know it . Eric look up at the house a little while longer , think . he want to get up there right away , but know this be not wise . {continued ) 76 . continued : eric we be gonna find somewhere to pitch down . it 's better we go up there at dawn . there will be less trouble at dawn . Eric climb back behind the wheel of the commodore . reynold stay look up at the house , at he brother , at he future - whatever it be . Eric watch reynold , like he know what he 's think . int . commodore - night reynold sit behind the wheel of the stationary car , stare into the surround black . he 's think again . the car radio be on quietly . the barely tune , barely discernible crackle of a pop song ( something like ' do not cha ' by the pussycat doll ) from some distant , still function radio station . he look like he think be heavy , but then he sing along to the last chorus of the song , like there 's be a shift , like he 's settle on something . he switch off the radio and get out of the car . ext . scrub land - night Eric be already lie on he side by a small dwindling fire , he back to reynold . reynold sit at the fire . he look around for a stick within reach , find one , poke the fire with it . reynold I be gonna kill he . Eric 's eye open . reynold ( cont 'd ) I be gonna kill Henry . reynold stay sit , stare into the fire . Eric lie still , eye open . a few moment pass . ( continued ) 77 . continued : reynold ( cont ’d ) there 's money up there too we could take if we want . eric go to sleep . reynold stare into the fire a while longer , think . he then lie down and shut he eye . Eric lie still , eye open . and then they shut . ext . scrub land ~ pre-dawn the sky be pre-dawn purple . reynold kick dirt on the dead , smoking fire . Eric tie he shoelace . they carry they meagre supplies to the commodore and dump they in the back seat . neither speak . int . commodore - dawn the sun begin to rise and the sky pinken . Eric drive . reynold sit beside he , wear he big specs . both watch the road ahead in silence . ext . road - dawn the commodore leave the road and head up a long dirt drive . the drive be rocky and line either side by wire fence . few if any tree . int . commodore - dawn neither speak . the ride be dusty and rough . the house appear in the distance . all seem quiet . ( continued ) 78 . continued : and Eric can now see he falcon out front . ext . farm house - dawn Eric pull the commodore to a stop a good hundred metre from the house . he kill the engine . int . commodore - day Eric look ahead to he falcon and the house . a big beautiful black horse be tethere to its front porch . Eric look over at reynold beside he , fiddling with he gun . he seem nervous , lose in he own world . Eric open he door . ext . farm house - dawn Eric and reynold climb out of the car . Eric look over to reynold across the commodore 's roof and motion ' shhh 's . he quietly press he door shut . reynold do the same . Eric check he handgun 's safety and shove it down the front of he pants . he then start towards the house . reynold follow close behind , clutching he handgun . they make the long walk towards the house , they foot crunching anxiously in the dirt . between they and the house sit Eric 's falcon , some fifty metre from the front porch . they approach it . Eric run he hand along its bonnet . he reach the driver 's door and look inside . the key be hang from the ignition , Eric quietly open the car door . he stop and look over at reynold , a few yard behind he . reynold watch he back , suddenly confuse . Eric walk back to meet he . reynold be in a state of quiet panic . ( continued ) 79 . continued : he speak quietly , but not quietly enough . reynold what be you do ? Eric place he hand over reynold ' mouth . eric ( whisper ) I be leave . reynold pull Eric 's hand away . he 's quiet , but still not quiet enough . reynold ai not you gonna help I ? Eric back away from reynold and he noise . eric I get what I come for . Eric turn and head back to the falcon . he climb behind the wheel . i/e. eric' falcon - dawn Eric look up again at reynold who have not move from he spot on the dirt , clutching he gun . Eric slip the car into neutral and , with one foot still on the ground , he give it a push . the falcon begin to roll , gravel crackle underneath . Eric pull the door shut gently . reynold watch he , seemingly terrify , as the car roll past , back down the drive . as Eric steer the roll car away , he look in he rearview . reynold watch he , abandon , and then turn and continue he walk towards the house . Eric roll a few foot further and then brake the falcon , he sit for a brief moment , watch reynold 's uncertain lope . eric ( to himself ) goddammit . ( continued ) 80 . continued : he open the falcon 's door . ext . farm house - dawn Eric step out of the car and walk quickly after reynold , break into a half - jog every few step . he pull he pistol from he pants . he make a hiss noise to catch reynold ' attention . reynold turn . he stop and smile . Eric hold he finger up - no talk . they walk the last few foot towards the front porch together . reynold be in front . as Eric pass the big horse tie to the veranda post , he look into its black doleful eye . everything feel to be move in slow motion . up on the front porch , reynold reach for the handle to the front door . Eric grab he shoulder and pull he back . he hand - motion for they both to head round the side of the house . Eric lead the way , tread quickly but quietly . they round the corner and come upon a venetian window . Eric halt reynold and then dart he head for a look inside the room , Eric motion to reynold that they must duck and proceed beneath the window 's sill . they do so . they round the next corner to the rear of the house . Eric stop reynold at the back door , motion for he to wait . Eric creep over to a back window and glance inside . he pull back . he glance again , double - check , then retreat to the back door . he hand -signal to reynold : two in the side room , two in the back room . he point to himself and then the back room , then to reynold and then the side room ~ ' I will take the back , you take the side . ' he lean in close to reynold . eric ( whisper ) no shoot . bring they into the live room . understand ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : reynold nod . Eric lead the way to the back door . he lift the latch to the fly-screen door and pull it open delicately . the back door be open , inch ajar . Eric nudge it open gently . int . farm house —- day they step inside the house softly . Eric let reynold enter and then ease the door close . Eric and reynold look at each other . reynold seem nervous . they move off separate direction . int , farm house / bedroom 1 -~ day the door to the bedroom be nudge open by the barrel of Eric 's handgun . it swing open silently . Eric step inside . two man be asleep on single bed . it 's archie and caleb . Eric pull he handgun from he pants , shotgun in he other hand . he step across the room to caleb 's bed and slowly bring the handgun 's barrel to rest against he throat . caleb wake with a start . caleb fuckin - archie wake . Eric raise the handgun directly at he . eric ( quietly ) do not move and do not talk . caleb who the fuck ~ short and sharp , Eric clock caleb on the forehead with the butt of he gun . eric ( to caleb ) what would I just say about not talk ? ( to archie ) you , throw the blanket off . archie throw he bed cover down . he 's wear underpant . ( continued ) 82. continued : eric ( cont 'd ) ( to caleb ) now you . raise you head off the pillow . slow . caleb lift himself up slowly . Eric reach behind he head and pull the pillow away . a handgun piss underneath it . Eric reach down and sweep the handgun off the it clatter on the floor . int . farm house / bedroom 2 - day reynold be startle by the SOUND from the other bedroom . he stand timidly in the room , he gun point at the sleep figure of Henry in one bed and a old man , gordon , in another . reynold ( meekly ) Henry . no response , Henry snore . reynold ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) Henry . wake up . still no response . reynold ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) 's Henry , wake up . Henry stir in he bed and look up over the cover at he brother who be point a gun at he . henry ( groggy ) rey ? reynold you gotta get up . henry what the fuck ? reynold you gotta get up . ( continued ) 83 . continued : henry what be you do here ? Gordon grunt awake in he bed . reynold you too , Gordon . you gotta get up . you both gotta get up outta bed . Henry sit up in bed , wonder if he 's still dream . henry what be you do ? stop point that thing at I . reynold do not make I keep say it that you gotta get up outta bed . Gordon have swing himself up to be sit on the edge of he bed , languidly rub he eye . he 's in pyjamas , search the floor with he foot for he slipper . he 's a old man . he do not seem to think it 's strange that reynold be stand in the room brandish a gun . int . farm house / live room - day Eric lead caleb and archie into the live room at gunpoint . caleb 's in boxer short , archie in underpant . eric sit . both man know not to speak . they sit . Eric wonder where the hell reynold be . he peer out towards the other bedroom . eric ( cont 'd ) sit on you hand . caleb and archie sit on they hand . Eric take a few step back for a better view into Henry 's bedroom . he can just make out the edge of reynold 's back in the doorway . eric ( cont 'd ) {to reynold ) what 's go on in there ? int . farm house / bedroom 2 ~ day reynold get anxious with Henry , who sit defiantly in bed . ( continued ) 84 . continued : reynold see , Henry ? you gotta get up outta bed . henry who 's in there ? reynold turn to yell out the door . reynold {to Eric ) he will not get up outta bed . int . farm house / live room ~ day Eric strain to see into the bedroom while keep a eye on caleb and archie . eric get he out here . stick the gun in he face . int . farm house / bedroom 2 - day reynold turn back to Henry who be now hold a handgun of he own and point it at he . Gordon be sit on the edge of the bed , he slipper on , strangely detach and uninterested . henry put the gun down , rey . reynold you put yours down . henry put it down , rey . I be warning you , why be you do this ? eric ( 0.s. ) what 's go on ? reynold why do you leave I there ? henry leave you where ? reynold you know where . on the road when I get shot . ( continued ) 85 . continued : henry we think you be dead . reynold but I be not dead and you leave I there . henry I think you be dead . now put the gun down ! reynold you put yours down ! reynold ' voice shake . int . farm house / live room - day Eric 's get anxious . this be not how this situation be suppose to play . eric ( yell ) what 's go on in there ? archie shift in he seat . archie I gotta piss real bad . eric do not you fuckin move . int . farm house / bedroom 2 - day reynold be visibly upset now . reynold I think you be my brother . henry I be you brother . now put the fuckin gun down . reynold I think you be my brother . henry put the fuckin gun down , rey ! reynold I think you be my brother . { continued ) 86 . continued : henry if you do not put it down now , I be gonna shoot you . I be not lyin' . reynold ( softer ) I think you be my brother . reynold be quietly distraught . he accidently squeeze the trigger , scare himself . the bullet smack into the wall beside Henry 's head . a split second ~ reynold look frighten , apologetic . Henry fire , hit reynold square between the eye . reynold drop hard to the ground . int . farm house / live room ~ day at the sound of the blast from the other room , Eric make a snap decision . he shoot caleb and archie quick~fire - crack crack - straight in they forehead with he handgun . they die instantly . Eric then move quickly across the room and stand , back to the wall , outside Henry 's bedroom . reynold have fall backwards , half out the doorway into the hall . he lie face - up , head trauma , dead near Eric 's foot . a gun blast crack , splintering wood from the door frame beside Eric 's head . Eric hit the floor , expect a new barrage . it do not come . and then , Henry 's handgun clatter onto the hall floor . Henry have throw it out . Eric stand . he proceed warily to the bedroom door . he creep around the corner , gun raise , he enter the room . int . farm house / bedroom 2 ~ day Henry be still sit on the bed , look at the corpse of he brother . he 's cry and angry . ( continued ) 87 . continued : Gordon be still sit on the edge of he bed . the fact he still have not move or even change he expression indicate he 's suffer dementia of some kind . henry what do you do to my brother ? Eric flinch . henry ( cont 'd ) what do you do to my brother ?! Eric do not know what to say . Henry get angrier . henry ( cont 'd ) what do you do to my fuckin brother !? Eric stand , speechless , gun raise . what do he do to this guy 's brother ? do he do anything ? henry ( cont 'd ) answer I . what do you do to he ?! eric I do not do anything . Henry be get enraged . henry yeah , you do . he lift himself out of bed . he move towards bric . henry ( cont 'd ) what do you do to he !? Eric squeeze the trigger , shoot Henry in the chest . Henry drop with a thud of old mattress spring back onto the bed - then silence . Eric remain calm , but he head be swim . Henry lie with he head against the headboard ~ either dead or second from it - stare back at Eric . Eric swing the gun over to Gordon , sit on the edge of he bed , now look straight at Eric . the two man watch each other for a moment . Gordon be somewhere else . ( continued ) 8b . continued : ( 2 ) Eric take a breath and lower he gun , take stock of the mess all around he . ext . farm house — day Eric walk down off the front veranda , gun by he side . the big , black horse be still by the veranda - unmove and unchange . he run he hand down its face . he walk to he falcon , reach in the driver 's side and open the door . he climb behind the wheel . int . falcon ~ day he start the engine . the car growl to life and purr . he sit a moment and then put it in gear . the car move off . Eric look wounded at the batter wreck of the commodore as he pass . ext . road ~ day Eric drive , alone and drain . he drive a long way . landscape change . he pass through decrepit town . he pass a wreck car lie on its roof in the desert by the road . a body lie decompose beside it . ext . hill - day the sun be close to set . Eric have be drive all day . he take the falcon up a gentle grassy hill . the hill be treeless bar one ancient eucalypt perch on its crest . int . falcon ~ day Eric steer the car up the hill . this be the tree and the hill from the open still image . the tree under which Eric once sit happy . a9 . ext . hill - day the falcon follow the vague dirt track and come to a stop only metre from the tree . its engine switch off . it sit there a moment in eerie silence . a light breeze shake the tree 's leave . i/e. falcon - day Eric sit at the wheel , contemplative , look out over the field below . this field , the hill itself , be much drier and browner than the semi~verdant still photograph from the open . Eric climb out of the car and go to the trunk . he open it and look inside , he lean in and pull out a shovel . he carry the shovel over to the tree , he toss the shovel beneath the tree and move back to the trunk of the car . he reach in and gently lift out the lifeless body of a brown dog . he cradle it in he arm and walk it gently over to the tree . Eric place the dog down softly beneath the tree and sit . he sit beneath the tree , between dog and shovel , and look out at the view . he look like he 's reach the end of a road . he look like he have no idea where he might go after this place . he look like he might cry . he gently stroke the dead dog 's scruff . he stand . he pick the shovel off the ground and drive it into the earth and dig . the end .