1 interior of railroad telegraph office . two mask robber enter and compel the operator to get the " signal block " to stop the approach train , and make he write a fictitious order to the engineer to take water at this station , instead of " Red Lodge , " the regular water stop . the train come to a standstill ( see through window of office ) ; the conductor come to the window , and the frighten operator deliver the order while the bandit crouch out of sight , at the same time keep he cover with they revolver . as soon as the conductor leave , they fall upon the operator , bind and gag he , and hastily depart to catch the move train . 2 railroad water tower . the bandit be hide behind the tank as the train , under the false order , stop to take water . just before she pull out they stealthily board the train between the express car and the tender . 3 interior of express car . Messenger be busily engage . a unusual sound alarm he . he go to the door , peep through the keyhole and discover two man try to break in . he start back bewilder , but , quickly recover , he hastily lock the strong box contain the valuable and throw the key through the open side door . drawing he revolver , he crouch behind a desk . in the meantime , the two robber have succeed in break in the door and enter cautiously . the messenger open fire , anda desperate pistol duel take place in which the messenger be kill . one of the robber stand watch while the other try to open the treasure box . find it lock , he vainly search the messenger for the key , and blow the safe open with dynamite . secure the valuable and mail bag they leave the car . 4 the tender and interior of the locomotive cab this thrill scene show the tender and interior of the locomotive cab , while the the train be run forty mile a hour . while two of the bandit have be robbing the mail car , two other climb over the tender . one of they hold up the engineer while the other cover the fireman , who seize a coal shovel and climb up on the tender , where a desperate fight take place . they struggle fiercely all over the tank and narrowly escape be hurl over the side of the tender . finally they fall , with the robber on top . he seize a lump of coal , and strike the fireman on the head until he become senseless . he then hurl the body from the swiftly move train . the bandit then compel the engineer to bring the train to a stop . 5 show the train coming to a stop show the train come to a stop . the engineer leave the locomotive , uncouple it from the train , and pull ahead about 100 foot while the robber hold they pistol to he face . 6 exterior scene showing train . the bandit compel the passenger to leave the coaches , " hand up , " and line up along the track . one of the robber cover they with a revolver in each hand , while the other relieve the passenger of they valuable . a passenger attempt to escape , and be instantly shot down . secure everything of value , the band terrorize the passenger by fire they revolver in the air , while they make they escape to the locomotive . 7 locomotive . the desperado board the locomotive with this booty , compel the engineer to start , and disappear in the distance . 8 the robber bring the engine to a stop several mile from the scene of the " hold up , " and take to the mountain . 9 valley a beautiful scene in a valley . the bandit come down the side of a hill , across a narrow stream , mount they horse , and make for the wilderness . 10 interior of telegraph office . the operator lie bound and gag on the floor . after struggle to he foot , he lean on the table , and telegraph for assistance by manipulate the key with he chin , and then faint from exhaustion . his little daughter enter with he dinner pail . she cut the rope , throw a glass of water in he face , restore he to consciousness , and , recalling he thrill experience , he rush out to give the alarm . 11 interior of a typical western dance hall . show a number of man and woman in a lively quadrille . a " tenderfoot " be quickly spot and push to the center of the hall , and compel to do a jig , while bystander amuse themselves by shoot dangerously close to he foot . suddenly the door open and the half - dead telegraph operator stagger in . the dance break up in confusion . the man secure they rifle and hastily leave the room . 12 rugged hill show the mount robber dash down a rugged hill at a terrific pace , follow closely by a large posse , both party fire as they ride . one of the desperado be shot and plunge headlong from he horse . stagger to he foot , he fire at the nearest pursuer , only to be shot dead a moment later . 13 the three remain bandit , think they have elude the pursuer , have dismounted from they horse , and after carefully surveying they surroundings , they start to examine the content of the mail pouch . they be so grossly engage in they work that they do not realize the approach danger until too late . the pursuer , have leave they horse , steal noiselessly down upon they until they be completely surround . a desperate battle then take place , and after a brave stand all the robber and some of the posse bite the dust . 14 barne a life-size [ close - up ] picture of barne , leader of the outlaw band , take aim and fire point- blank at the audience . the result excitement be great . this scene can be use to begin or end the picture . the end