impending summer 2005 : '' doom '' screenplay by David callaham revision by wesley strick base on the id Software game March 31 , 2004 in the darkness -- boy 's voice where be we go ? louis grimm ( vo ) on vacation ... girl voice in the middle of the night ? fade in on : ext . country road - night ( 10 year ago ) not just dark , but blustery too -- a snowstorm have kick up . we see the headlight of a approach minivan . and hear : louis grimm ( vo ) we have be talk about it for year . White sandy beach , palm tree , warm tropical breeze -- boy' voice do something happen at work ? int . minivan ( moving ) - night the '' boy '' be JOHN grimm , 16 , in back with he 18 - year - old sister , samantha . John be a athletic live - wire and affable wise - ass . Sam be bright , academic , and dubious . mary grimm I think you have both be delighted to get above ground . enjoy a little sunshine , get away from school . in front , the parent : mary and louis grimm , two brilliant scientist , 40' . tension and fatigue etched on they face . SAM be something wrong with the '' ark '' ? the adult do not answer . JOHN be there a problem on olduvai ? a pair of headlight appear in the rearview mirror , lighti up the van 's interior -- mary grimm look , it 's be very busy , there 's a lot go on with the company . louis grimm ..- it 's complicated . distract , Louis do not notice the other vehicle be now tailgate or else its lose traction , control . louis grimm ( cont would ) we will have a family meeting to talk about it when we get there , okay -- John 's gaze flick to the rearview mirror for a beat and then : the world explode in a STORM of glass and metal . ext . rural road - night ( continuous ) struck from behind by the pick - up truck , the van collapse like a accordion as it pinwheel toward the bridge -- int . minivan John 's head smashes against he window : blood spatter glass . the minivan come to a violent stop . Mary fly forward , mash she face and forearm against the dashboard . Sam 's rib audibly SNAP under the pressure of she seatbelt . ext . bridge - night the van 's spun halfway across , halting only when it hit a support column , hang precariously over the edge and then , silence for a long moment . no one move , until finally -- louis grimm 's voice ( groan , daze ) no ... Sam ... John ...? Mary moan , insensate . her nasal cartilage crush . Louis try to find he bearing , can not quite focus when -- Sam 's door be yank open and someone pull she from the van . force the van to lurch horribly forward . it tilt , teeter - totter for a moment suspend in time . then stop . John open he eye , try to focus . where be they ? watch as a single snowflake strike the windshield . and the van plunge into the dark river below ! int . minivan - in the river John desperately fumble he seatbelt to free himself as the water rush up . Louis escape he , begin work on Mary 's . John 's seatbelt release . he kick wildly at the window that be already spider - webbed by he bloody head . no luck . Louis frees Mary but she do not react : she 's concuss , eye glassy , unfocus . the middle of she face a purplish pulp . John swim . about . then a hand on he shoulder : he father 's hand . Louis push John 's face into a tiny air bubble . John purse he lip , take a breath , try to submerge himself . to save he dad , instead of he ! but Louis be stronger . John 's father remain below he , raise he up so he can inhale the last gasp of air in the sink vehicle . John struggle against Louis -- want more than anything to sacrifice himself ... but he diminish vigor fail he . John inhale the last available breath from the bubble as he father 's limp hand fall away into the darkness below as we -- cur to : pounding footstep , heavy breathing as -- '' ten year later '' appear , then disappear as we find ourselves in a darken -- int . corridor - night we be in a vast underground lab somewhere . narrow lead - line dank tunnel , dim light , and now from around a corner come : dr . todd carmack -- terrify , sprinting faster than any 60 - year - old . Three more scientist in smudge , tear lab coat . darkness at they heel . they also run with unnatural speed . carmack lead , head for a heavy door at the end of the hall light by a single flicker bulb . two other be right behind . one scientist trail , clutching he gut : a cramp . the instant he slow , he body be jerk sideways into the shadow by a force unseen . and then there be three . the footrace with death resume . the doorway to deliverance a hundred yard away . carmack pull ahead of the pack . the scientist now in the rear be steadily lose ground ; he try desperately to speed up . he pump he arm furiously , and when he 's jerk into darkness by that arm , the sound of a wet crunch suggest they be tear from they socket . carmack reach the door . paw at the control panel . the door slide open . his last survive colleague trail ... female scientist Dr. carmack , please !! int . carmack 's office - continuous carmack squeeze through the narrow open , punch at the interior control panel . the steel door reverse direction . female scientist ( 0s ) Dr. carmack !! her arm shoot through the crack between door and wall . then with a thick clank and even thicker crunch , the door shut . carmack take a step back , watch in horror as he former coworker 's finger spasm . the digit turn blue , then go still , and carmack exhales deeply -- revolt but relieved . then the whole arm rocket upward , smacking into the ceiling with immense force . it then fly down , slapping the floor . carmack stumble back , transfix as the arm be wrench up and down . the brief but fierce struggle abruptly end as the arm drop to the floor . carmack whirl , to the vid-phone . carmack this be classify Research , olduvai ! request immediate instruction to override protocol -- the rest be drown out by a rotor 's thwack , as we CUT to : int . helicopter - pre-dawn face to face in the wall - mount jump seat , a intensely armore military unit : gannon the destroyer stuff extra ammo in he kevlar vest ; goat read a well - thumbed Bible . hernandez trim he goatee with a combat knife . the kid , a nervous 19 - year-old , sit alone , keep to himself until portman lean in . portman you know kid , it 's funny . couple week ago I tell sarge I could use a little pussy . next day , he bring you onto the team . sarge ( 0s ) portman ! at the back of the chopper , sergeant asher mahonin emerge from the shadow . make he presence feel . portman sarge , come on . he look like he just get he first pube last week . I mean , look at ... from the shadow beside sarge , a hard , sadden , and familiar face lean forward : JOHN grimm , now 26 . JOHN do not give I a excuse , portman . no one here will miss you . portman flip John off as sarge pull a vid-disc froma classified folder , insert it into a bulkhead console . sarge listen up ...! a fuzzy image appear : carmack 's terrify transmission . carmack ( on video ) -- request immediate instruction to override protocol and shut down the wormhole ! my lab be seal off from the general population , we have a level five emergency ... the transmission revert to static . sarge that come in twenty minute ago . goat you gonna forward the code to shut down the wormhole ? sarge and strand a bunch of uac personnel halfway across the universe ? we neutralize the threat and bring out carmack 's team . John 's stare at the snow on the monitor . softly : JOHN Grimm / lab ? sarge only way in . sarge squeeze John 's shoulder , then move down the aisle , address he squad : sarge ( cont would ) alright . you know the drill . the kid ( legal name stephen dantalian ) grab a pair of handheld semi - automatics . we hear : weapon id uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : the kid . destroyer -- a humble man trap inside the body of a world - wrecker -- feed armor-piercing bullet into a gargantuan chain - gun . sling a extra ammo chain on he broad shoulder . weapon id ( cont would ) uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : destroyer . goat , the oldest and most seasoned , set down he Bible , tug a knee brace on a leathery leg , grab a old - school shotgun modify to read he palm sworl . weapon id ( cont would ) uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : goat. portman grip he plasma rifle , heft its mass in he arm . make he feel tougher . weapon id ( cont would ) uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : portman . hernandez light a cigarette with one hand , grab he automag pistol with the other . keeps twirling the pistol , as : weapon id ( cont would ) uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : hernandez. ( again ) uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : hernandez. ( again ) uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : hernandez . hernandez I love the way this weapon say my name . if this weapon have a pair of lip and set of tit , I would marry it . they pass around a roll of masking tape and a pen , and scribble they blood type on the bottom of they boot . the roll come along to John , the only team member who have not '' logge in . '' he be silent for a moment , pensive . sarge how long 's it be ? sarge 's appear again above John . JOHN ten year ... sarge Sam still there ? ( John nod ) you up for this ? JOHN I do not know if I can go back down there , sarge . John habitually , contemplatively run he finger along a old scar on he forehead as the helicopter begin its descent . sarge so , stay with the chopper . ( then ) but sooner or later , you be gonna have to face you demon . John grip he weapon , steel himself . weapon id uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : reaper . in the distance , a large field be light up like a football stadium in the middle absolutely nowhere . it 's perimeter a twenty foot wall top with concertina wire . CUT to : ext . field - pre-dawn the chopper have land . a couple hundred employees be line up to be lead onto bus park in the immense empty field , where the hell do all this people come from ? they look as though they have not see daylight in month : pale , out of shape , disorient . carry a few quickly gather possession in the frigid pre-dawn darkness . the employee watch with mild disinterest as the heavily armed squad disembark from the chopper . portman I think the shit be go down on olduvai ? goat yeah . portman so , why be this guy leave ? goat Standard evac procedure for a level five emergency . sarge lead he Marines toward a massive stainless steel elevator that suddenly rise up out of a subterranean shaft in the middle of what a moment ago be a empty field . sarge uac do not want we trip over a buncha civilian while we clean up another one a they goddam mess . the kid stop to stare -- Holy shit -- as the big steel elevator door open and we -- CUT inside : int . elevator shaft - a moment later the man hustle aboard . after a moment they begin they descent into the earth . a steel iris close overhead , sealing the shaft . destroyer hey , H. what happen with that girl candace last night ? hernandez oh dude , she freak when I try to give she the dirty hernandez ! sarge hernandez . hernandez right . sorry . sarge tap a full cartridge against he helmet . sarge pray for War . the team -- include John -- ritually respond : squad pray for War . and bang , the elevator dead drop , disappear rapidly beneath we into the seemingly bottomless abyss . CUT to : int . grimm / lab ( underground ) the elevator door open and the Marines fan out , into the now empty lobby reception and security area of : the Louis & Mary Grimm Memorial Research Laboratory , a division of Union aerospace Corporation ... ++. accord to the large sign above the entrance . goat Grimm lab , huh ? JOHN we use to just call it '' the hole . '' 10 . beside the sign a pair of retouch , idealize photo of the two drs. Grimm and a dedication -- for they indispensable contribution to the study of we origin , as well _ as they warm , caring heart . goat good likeness ? JOHN «.-eyeah ... Long , tunnel like hallway spread out in every direction with complicated sign indicate distant room and far flung research area . the squad 's meet by a senior facility Security Officer . sarge any more transmission from olduvai ? officer carmack 's lab 's be quiet . General population 's okay -- just nervous -- the Officer escort the squad into a white , antiseptic - look tunnel . the sign above say simply '' the ark '' . sarge how many be up there , all together ? officer fifty-four , include the five staff still lock down inside carmack 's classified lab . JOHN you have a list of the personnel in that lab ? sarge look back at John , unhappy with the interruption . officer not down here , but the Security team on olduvai will have it . they reach a plain grey wall . the Guard punch a elaborate code into a control panel . the wall seem to somehow soften . hernandez oh no , no , no . I do not do nanowalls . 11 . portman how can you not do nanowalls ? that 's like say '' I do not do food . '' hernandez no . I do food , I do not do nano - food , and I definitely do not do nanowalls -- sarge shove hernandez through the nanowall , into : int . ark chamber prep area - continuous a tech ( pinky ) greet the team . he could not be more than 30 , but he face be ruin , feature skew in the wrong direction . he appear to be seat in a electric wheelchair . a blanket cover he leg . pinky good morning gentlemen , welcome to the ark . my name be ... JOHN what the hell be you do here ? pinky 's eye narrow as he read the stitching on John 's jacket : J. Grimm . pinky give a mirthless laugh . pinky I work here . John stare at pinky . who slowly , torturously ... crack a half - freeze , twisted , mutilate , wholly sardonic smile -- flashback to : close - pinky 's face behind a shattered car window . 10 year young . unmarree . till a fist smashes it through the window again and again . CUT back to : int . ark chamber prep area - continuous John worry he scar with a forefinger , stare pinky down . pinky whoa , they give you a gun . do they give you a psychological test first ? 12 . sarge now be not the time , reaper . pinky uac be kind enough to offer I gainful employment . they feel bad after what you do . sarge we get a job to do . let 's do it . John 's still stare at pinky , it 's unnerve . pinky down here , please . pinky anxiously gesture the squad to the base of a mirrore cylinder protect by two sentries . hernandez we the first guy without a graduate degree to go through this doohickey ? silence . hernandez puff on he cig . destroyer ever notice how thing get diverse the minute some shit hit the fan ? on the ring -shape platform above the cylinder pinky punch data into various computer terminal around the ring . phil actually we have transport thousand ; scientist , technician , construction team ... janitor . portman this name , what nre all this name ? he 's refer to a translucent plaque . the name of a score of man and woman be engrave in a sort of scroll . pinky ah . that 's the honor Roll of folk who do not make it through intact . but that be before we perfect the crystalline structure . ( which remind he ) extinguish all smoking material before enter the containment area . just one spark or cinder , and -- 13 . hernandez ( stubbing out he cig ) oh , man . CUT to : int . containment cylinder - moment later the team now stand in a circle around the inner rim of the cylinder , eye wide to a man . they be all stare at : a drop of liquid float in the cylinder 's center . perfect , compact , simple . Light and space bend and twist around they . pinky not what you expect ? destroyer shake he head . the sensitive soul inside the build - up body be incredulous -- move -- overwhelm . destroyer all this time , picture '' the ark '' , I always assume it be a -- ship ... I mean , a space - ship , but not ... JOHN 'e a metaphor ? the other squad -member appear both scared and dubious . pinky it 's nothing more nor less than a quantum portal through the space / time continuum , a wormhole , a sort of '' cosmic shortcut '' across galaxy ... off the squad 's look ( range through incredulity , fear and outright awe ) pinky pompously advance to the '' droplet '' . pinky ( cont would ) I all go first . watch how it 's do -- sarge sorry . first man through should be shoulder a load weapon . sarge seem to share a momentary look with pinky , then cock he gun and walk to the wormhole . instantly it expands to envelop he body in a glisten , globular shell . 14 . and , in a split - second flash of blue light , the wormhole condense back to its original size -- and sarge be gone . CUT to : int . '' wormhole chamber '' ( olduvai ) - a moment later sarge , John , the rest emerge from a identical '' droplet '' in a area similar to -- the '' wormhole chamber '' we just leave on we home planet . as the team try to shake off the debilite sensation , pinky roll through from the other side , seemingly unaffected . pinky dizziness and nausea be transitory -- we know of no long - term ill effect . there 's a large , vault - like lock door lead out of the chamber . beside it a bank of read - out for change in air - pressure , temperature , presence of pollutant and / or contaminant . sarge move to it quickly . sarge Main facility appear to be uncontaminated . pinky unclip a key hang from a chain around he neck that , strangely , look like only part of a key . turn to sarge . pinky I will be wait here for you when you be ready to head back . JOHN you better be . sarge unclip a '' part -key '' from he own neck -chain . he and pinky insert they key into the door , the massive hydraulic lock pin smash back , and the door slide open to reveal : int . atrium ( olduvai ) - continuous a sprawling complex with clean line , ambient music and high ceiling illuminate to mimic sunlight on a bright spring day . as the squad head into the facility : portman where the hell be we ..? 15 . indeed , they could be in the lobby of a midwestern Marriott . goat how about a couple million light year from home ? destroyer feel the leave of a pot tree : fake . destroyer and about a half - mile below ground . the mood be anything but sunny . agitate employee mill about , hope to be allow to get the hell out of here . scientist 1 what 's go on ? be there casualty in Dr. carmack 's lab ? a tall , thin and aggressive scientist step up to sarge . scientist 2 have we be expose to some contagion ? I have a newborn , I -- a olduvian Security Officer , hueng intervene . hueng that 's what they be here to find out Dr. willit . Excuse I -- ( offer he hand ) Lt. hueng . uac security . Dr. carmack shut down he lab at 03:37 this morning . they're on the move , anxious personnel watch as they pass . hueng ( cont would ) after the initial transmission we try raise he on the internal com system and on the optic data line but receive no response . sarge you have surveillance camera in there , any kind of monitoring or listen device ? hueng no sir . it 's a classified area . we job be to keep people out , not watch what they be do inside . 16 . sarge I want all non-essential personnel secure in the residential Zone and out of we way . hueng a lot of the staff be request permission to evacuate back through the wormhole . John search the face of the gather personnel as the squad 's lead across the atrium . sarge no . let 's figure out what we be deal with first , okay ? JOHN you get a list of name of the personnel who be in carmack 's lab ? hueng sure . it 's on hueng 's clipboard . John grab it , anxiously run he finger down the column . hueng ( cont would ) that 's all the personnel we have get up here , they work assignment be list beside they name . behind he , hear : woman 's voice next page . it 's alphabetical . John turn . he -- and we -- see a pretty researcher . JOHN hey . researcher '' hey . '' that 's it ? JOHN ( smile , relieved ) you do not work in carmack 's lab ..? the two look pleased to see each obviously it 's be awhile . before she can answer : other -- also embarrassed , awkward . 17 . hernandez whoa . JOHN this be my sister . samantha . hernandez ( D ’oh ) oh. hello , very nice to meet you . rudely interrupt , by a impatient : sarge good to see you again , Sam . '' my how you have grow , '' and all that crap -- SAM you too , Asher . steroid ? sarge free weight . and you can address I as '' sergeant mahonin '' now , samantha . SAM in which case you can address I as '' Dr. Grimm , '' sergeant . touche . sarge right . I need you to go back to the residential Zone with everyone else . SAM actually , no . I be go into the lab with you -- sarge Hell you be . SAM -- to download as much of the research material as I can in case the facility have to be seal or permanently evacuate . crisply , before sarge can elaborate he objection : SAM ( cont would ) it 's uac procedure , and it 's my job . 18 . they have reach the outer door to the '' classify Research '' lab area . two more uac security guy be guard the high security door and entrance . sarge we be tell there be five inside . hueng yeah . we get lucky , two hour later there would have be eighteen . only carmack 's genetics team be work . behind the Guard be a triple - deadbolt steel seal that look like a submarine pressure door . sarge what be this , a air-lock ? hueng rumor 's be , carmack 's experiment with olduvian viruse ... SAM that 's all it be : a rumor . viruse be alive . olduvai be dead . we study fossil and mineral up here , skeleton , rock , planetary geology . she pull a '' part - key '' from she shirt . unclip , hand it to sarge . he insert both key , and Lab Security insert one . sarge you have a key . SAM I be one of the eighteen who would have be inside two hour later . the heavy door swing open , and the group enter : int . AIR lock - continuous a claustrophobic stainless steel cube . goat and portman set up they portable lapt ( laser airborne particulate tester ) . sarge haz-mats . out of destroyer 's duffel come a half - dozen form - fitting haz - mat_suit resembling lizard skin . as the man pull they on : 19 . JOHN Sam , grab a suit . SAM you guy notice this airlock have no ultraviolet light or decon shower ? it 's not use for biocontainment , because there be no -- sarge maybe we be look at a disgruntled employee with a big -ass gun ? the carmack group be into Advanced weapon R&D up here , right ? also the genetics team and what else ? SAM there be four research lab . genetics , weapon , pharmacology and archeological spectrography . hernandez archeological , what ? sarge access the inner door with he one key , open to : int . central lab ( olduvai ) - continuous pitch black . sarge lock the door behind they . sarge can we get some juice , goddammit ? as gun - mount light - beam sweep the darkness , we glimpse : Computer server ; chart , map tack to wall ; display case of archeological finding . but no scientist , dead or alive . sarge ( cont would ) look alert , lady : we be in - country now -- and this be a live patrol . all radio on Alpha , weapon off safety -- and do not blink . John flick on a overhead light . somehow , illuminate this shadowy secret space only make the atmosphere even creepier . portman wave a wand - shape sample probe while goat follow , consulting a spectrometer that register real - time reading . 20 . goat magnesium , chromium , lead ... all normal level so far , sarge -- as cheerful as the outer facility be design , carmack 's lab be strictly utilitarian , intentionally stripped of any detail that might give a comforting sense of what go on in here . goat ( cont would ) no evidence of airborne biological agent , infectious aerosol or contaminate micro droplet ... no TB , rubella , or streptococci ... Sam throw John a look : tell you . hernandez but major pucker factor , huh ? sarge ok . huddle up . the team gather around sarge , who , via a handheld disc , project a 3 - D blueprint of carmack 's lab into the center of the floor : a maze of room and hall . sarge ( cont would ) we ’1ll begin on the periphery , move in pincer -style , enclose any potential threat . gannon , kid : sweep Zone one. goat , portman , Zone two . hernandez , you and I will take the armory , make sure that weapon be secure . reaper : you keep Big sister safe . as everyone deploy : sarge ( cont would ) upload map to you hud , fluorescent powder mark as room be clear . each visor give a soft green glow of the carmack lab layout as the squad head off . John and Sam be alone . awkward beat . SAM so . '' reaper . '' JOHN ( embarrassed ) because of we last name ... 21 . SAM I get it . sorry , he make stay with I sound like you draw latrine duty or something . John brushes this aside . JOHN how much time be you gonna need ? SAM half a hour to download it all , maybe a little more . inserting a '' data pod , '' she 's already downloading file . JOHN when have you start work in carmack 's secret lab ? SAM I tell you I be work at Grimm . JOHN you do not say anything about olduvai . SAM you never ask . I go in and out . no big deal . and it 's '' restrict '' -- not '' secret '' . JOHN Jesus Christ ... on the wall , the fossilize main display : a perfectly preserve humanoid skeleton curl protectively around the skeleton of its child . label : '' olduvian female hominid '' . SAM oh yeah . meet '' Lucy '' . JOHN you find human remain on olduvai ? SAM humanoid . Mom and dad do . Lucy and she child be they last major find . we be on level ten of the dig , still have not bring out sample nearly as pristine , intact . he have no idea , take a moment to try and process it . JOHN you never say anything . SAM not something to scribble on the yearly birthday card . JOHN look , I know I have not be -- SAM it 's all right , I know how busy you have be kick ass with sarge and be all you can be . 22 . John do not want to get into it . take a beat , then : JOHN do you hear carmack 's message ? the man be genuinely freak out . SAM well , I do not know what could have happen to he unless a heavy fossil fall on he foot . she move on to the next computer , insert another pod . John turn back to the '' hominid '' . stare at '' Lucy '' for a beat . SAM ( cont have ) what a waste . John turn to she , she 's look at he , hard . JOHN what 's a waste ? SAM you . int . armory ( olduvat ) CUT to : sarge sweep the first room as hernandez move into a inner room , find rack of neatly stack weapon . hernandez do not look like anything 's miss . hernandez 's light find a rack of ancient gun . 23. hernandez ( cont would ) hey sarge ... sarge step in to find hernandez admire a vintage gun . hernandez ( cont would ) look like the first - gen model of we plasma cannon , huh ? sarge note a unmark secure door at the far end . sarge if all the gun be out here -- what 's in there ? he cross to the door , scan he badge into the lazar . sensor id confirm : Asher mahonin . ( then ) Advanced weapon personnel only , access denied . CUT to : int . corridor destroyer and kid sweep . off kid 's quick , shallow breathe : destroyer easy , kid . stay alert but loose . the kid I be loose , I just -- something brushes the kid 's shoulder , from above . he whirl , squeeze a burst -- at a tilation air hose , hang down . the kid ( cont no ) sorry , just -- get a little jittery . destroyer ( into communicator ) friendly fire , boy . wasting ghost . ( to kid ) and ammo . he pat the greenie 's shoulder , reassure : 24 . destroyer ( cont would ) nerves be natural . just watch out for other personnel , y’know ? keep eye-contact with you buddy ... he stoops to pick up a white lab coat complete with id badge , discard on the floor . oddly , the right sleeve be miss . curt to : int . circular holding cell goat and portman hug the wall of a round room that 's mostly a big pit . curious , they shine they light into its depth : twenty foot down , wall line with smooth , heavy steel . goat this be a hold cell . his ear pick up a faint humming sound . portman yeah ? why do you think -- goat squat . peer at the pit 's surface , the rough gouge in the metal lead up to the rim . portman squat beside he , reach he hand out to touch the inside surface of the pit -- crack ! a jolt of electricity throw portman back against the wall . as goat turn to '' X '' the room with he fluorescent marker ... goat I think it 's a hold cell because the wall be electrify . portman frantically blow on he singe hand . portman you know that and you still let I touch it ?! ( goat smirk ) goddammit goat ! CUT to : int . central laboratory as Sam fill another data pod , John be draw to a light box sink in the wall . the bluish read - out show a massive grid , and the header read : thermal ionization mass spectroscopy . 25 . JOHN this be a radioscopic map of the ground under we . all this line ..? SAM where building use to be , we think . JOHN there be a city here . ( then softly , spook ) something wipe this people out . SAM that 's one theory . which would have more credence if we have any sense of what might have '' wipe '' they '' out '' . JOHN there another theory ? SAM maybe they just -- go , with time ? John turn back to Lucy . Notes she protective posture . JOHN you do not shield you baby from time . Sam resume she work . off a monitor below Lucy 's display : JOHN ( cont have ) Sam ... do not human have twenty - two chromosome , plus the sex chromosome ? off Sam 's murmur of assent : JOHN ( cont have ) Lucy have twenty - four ? on the monitor : chromosome map that look like straw fill , at various point , with alternate black and white strata . SAM all this year , you could have be squinting into a microscope instead of a night vision sniper scope . ignoring the unsolicite analysis , and advice : JOHN what 's the 24th chromosome for ? 26 . SAM we be not sure . it 's get only one layer of genetic material , we suspect it may be synthetic . bio-engineer . no one 's be able to identify ten percent of the human genome . there 's plenty of room in the helix to insert stealth DNA . JOHN so we have no idea what chromosome 24 do ? SAM the olduvian know . that 's what carmack 's team 's be work on . cur to : int . circular holding cell helping a unsteady portman upright , goat gravely remind : goat '' can one go upon hot coal and he foot not be burn ? '' portman it be my hand , not my foot , and if you quote the goddamn Bible again I ' 1l put my foot right up you ... thump ! something 's leapt in the air then land behind they . they whirl -- but the thing 's already take off again . goat signal : wait here , watch my back . into he communicator : goat it 's goat in Zone two ... something -- unidentified -- move east ... fast . cut to : int . corridor - with sarge as he race after something that just whizze across a intersection of two adjoin corridor , ten yard off . he fire a warning shot as hernandez catch up . 27 . hernandez what be it --? CUT to : int . corridor - the kid younger , more eager and agile , he 's race ahead of destroyer , sprinting along a curving corridor , just behind the thing ... spraying round at -- a shadow , hank of hair , flash of flesh . john' voice do not shoot ! pumped , the kid barely hear over he ear-splitt barrage . pant , John catch up then push past , force the kid to hold he fire as John chase the thing around a corner and into a darkened dead end . John inch forward , keenly aware of the thick breathing emanate from the shadow . JOHN if you have a weapon , drop it . thump : too loud for a drop gun , more like a drop body . as kid and destroyer fall in behind he , John take a deep breath and turn on he gun - mount flashlight , point the blind light right into the eye of ... a naked , shiver , babbling , underweight dr . todd carmack . a moment later sarge be there , elbow past John , toward : sarge Dr. carmack --? carmack just blink , rock , and murmur gibberish . a small , fresh and fairly deep cut on he neck near the collarbone . goat sarge , do not step on ... gesture at the female scientist 's severe arm on the floor . portman queasily wave the sample probe wand over it . portman clean . destroyer 's still carry the lab-coat with miss sleeve . 28 . sarge I all take that , destroyer . just as Sam race up . SAM oh my god . Dr. carmack ..? she move toward he , perhaps too suddenly . panicked , carmack scream and retreat , tear off he leave ear . fling it at they . blood pour from the wound . portman Jesus Christ . portman cautiously '' wand '' carmack as well : he 's clean too . SAM anyone get a field medical pouch ? portman offer he . Sam find a packet of quikclot . carefully approach as she -- SAM ( cont would ) Dr. carmack , it 's I . samantha Grimm ... I be not go to hurt you . he whimper , terrify , but let she get close . as she pour the powder into the raw open in carmack 's scalp : sarge hernandez , hump carmack out to the infirmary with Doctor Grimm . reaper , go through carmack 's record and note , try to find out what this guy and he '' genetics team '' be do in here ... the rest of you pair off , keep sweeping and see if you can find the body that go with this arm . hernandez rodger dodger . humpin’ with the doc . as the squad split up into team again : destroyer what about you , sarge ? sarge we be gonna need some bigger gun . CUT to : 29 . int . dark corridor ( carmack 's lab ) - a moment later John press himself against the wall , step carefully , stop to listen , slide slowly along the corridor ... the only sound he hear , be water dripping from somewhere . he reach the corner . take a breath . take a step -- -- directly into a dark shape come out of the shadow . in a heartbeat John 's draw he plasma gun and -- dark shape sorry . goddammit . my fault . John snap on he light . it 's only goat . who shake he head , disgust with himself . goat go on ahead , I will catch up . turn away , he unsheathes a hunt knife from the leather strap wrap around he forearm . when goat open he shirt , we see a chest cover in tiny cross - shape scar . he bring the blade to he breastbone , notches another one . notice : goat ( cont would ) reaper ? I tell you to go on ahead . ( beat ) I take his name in vain . JOHN well ... when you be do mortify the flesh ? I be in carmack 's office . CUT to : int . corridor - same time gun draw , the kid 's ear twitch at a single footfall behind he . it 's portman , conspicuously swinging he medical pouch . portman it 's mess up , right ? guy like that , train to put logic before emotion ... he 's so freak he tear he own ear off . I tell ya . shit like that ? get under you skin ... the kid 's hand shake . but portman offer nothing , just coolly wait for the kid to ask : 30 . the kid do you ... do you have any ? portman flash a evil , manipulative grin . portman do I have any what ? the kid you ... you know . the kid hold out he arm , he sleeve already retract . portman smirk , bring out a syringe , already load , and press it to the kid 's vein . tease he ... portman whattaya say ? his voice mute with embarrassment : the kid please . please . portman sink the syringe into the kid 's vein . the kid 's eye roll back momentarily as he savor the high . portman please and what ? the kid shudder , slow to react in he haze . portman ( cont would ) please _ and what , skirt ? the kid thank you , thank you , Dean . portman smack the kid in the back of he head . portman much better . portman stroll off , leave the kid behind in the shadow . CUT to : int . dr . carmack's office goat enter to find John contemplate a floor - to-ceil panel of button and switch , monitor and data screen . 31 . as goat edgily eyeball every corner , John access the hard - drive back - up for a decade 's worth of skunkwork - style R&D . file be label : exploitation of mineral wealth , Water , oil , oxygen , Plant life , coal , Agriculture , livestock & other Animal asset -- each in turn follow by word like extinct , extinguish , obsolete , unusable , deplete , and defunct . now John find a pile of disk , no particular order , mark : JOHN '' carmack vid -note '' ..? he insert one . on a monitor , a image come up of carmack : young , calmer , almost jubilant . dr . carmack ( hologram ) -- test rat have evidence increase musculature , endurance , ability to -- John eject , try for something more recent . look older : dr . carmack ( hologram ) ( cont would ) -- skeletal development , stimulation of the rhesus 's metabolic system ... I be sure this genetic enhancement be key to the remarkable scientific advance we have discover on olduvai . John and goat do not notice as , behind they ... ».. the office door swing wider . John eject the disk -- CUT to : int . infirmary - same time the staff have clear out , of course . carmack lie on a cot , inert , stare at the ceiling with dilate eye . hernandez queasily press a ice- pack to he mangle ear-stump . hernandez ( spook , be carmack ) he 's shrink . why 's he shrink ? Sam monitor the multiple iv line . SAM I do not know . I be pump in dextrose , glucose , plasma and he weight keep drop , like he 's metabolize himself ... 32 . she wrap a rubber cuff around carmack 's shrivel bicep , pump it up to get a blood - pressure read . when -- -- carmack bolt upright , grab Sam by the hair and pull she face up to he saliva-flecked lip . then , hoarsely whisper : carmack shut down the wormhole . hernandez whoa , whoa ! he yank Sam back , out of carmack 's grasp . SAM leave he alone . back to carmack : SAM ( cont have ) Dr. carmack ? what happen in there ? it 's I , samantha Grimm . it 's ok ... carmack please . shut it down . he ... ( terrify ) «+- get loose . carmack sink back into the cot . lip move again , but Sam can not hear . Fighting she fear , she lean closer ... carmack ( cont would ) you parent ... be right . then he eye roll back and he subside into unconsciousness . CUT to : int . dr . carmack 's office - same time John and goat watch the next disk . oblivious to a silhouette behind they , in the door . that fill the doorframe . dr . carmack ( hologram ) -.- curtis stahle , a healthy white male , age 24 . this represent the apex of ten year of animal study ... JOHN ( off time and date stamp ) this be make yesterday -- 33. goat ( place the name ) '' curtis stahle '' . hernandez and I escort he to Grimm / lab , maybe a month ago . I remember ' cause it be the middle of the night . hard CUT to : int . corridor - flashback via video footage we be watch grainy security camera footage . goat and hernandez lead stahle , a oversize , acne-scarred convict , down the hall as quickly as he leg chain will allow . goat 's voice he be manacle . Transport driver say he would kill some little kid ... CUT to : int . armory - present sarge enter the darken room . this time he 's bring two new item . first , that lab coat with the miss sleeve . he unpin the badge and scan it . sensor id confirm : donna Jackson . Advanced weapon personnel confirm . it slide open , revealing a hand - imprint pressure pad . sensor ( cont have ) please provide DNA verification . the second item be Dr. Jackson 's severe arm . sarge press the dead scientist 's hand against the pressure pad . beat . sensor ( cont would ) DNA verification confirm . the door finally slide open . sarge chuck the arm , enter : int . advanced weapon section of the armory a enormous , gorgeous , next - gen kill device -- the bfg , or bioforce gun ) -- float _in midair , rotate slowly in the center of the room ... just as one find weapon in a game . 34 . but this be no game . sarge circle the bfg with nervous tension . he know there must be some kind of force - field protect the suspend - in-space weapon from interloper . CUT to : int . dr . carmack office goat 's still watch the '' vid -note '' -- but John 's attention have shift to a faint but long , bizarre shadow on the floor . dr . carmack ( hologram ) ++. confine stahle to the detention tank for careful evaluation after -- abruptly John hit pause -- and a low , wet rasping be hear . goat spin around , cannon spewing death ... John join in , unleash sustained pinpoint fire at a shadow - something roar in anger as it retreat -- we glimpse inhuman muscle - mass , thick scaly skin , a tusk and a leg-iron , heavy chain bust , still lock around a ankle . John and goat race out into : int . corridor where the pair advance , crouching . goat kick open a door . JOHN shoot-pause-enter . goat what the hell be that ? JOHN shoot-pause-enter . John squeeze a burst . beat . they swing inside -- nothing . CuT to : int . armory - sarge hear the FIRE . damn -- with no time to get he hand on the bfg he turn , sprinting toward the fraca as , into he radio : 35 . sarge who 's fire , what 's you position ? cut to : int . corridor - a moment later at a intersection of corridor , John and goat reunite with portman and the kid ( come from the commissary ) and sarge . sarge hold you fire ! what in god 's name be you shithead shoot at --!? JOHN some -- thing . huge . not human . sarge what the hell be it ? portman we be on another planet , who know what kinda wildlife they get here ? the kid we get it contain in the lab . sarge or not . we order a immediate evac and secure the main facility ! he hurry toward the air-lock , the squad follow . CUT to : int . infirmary - same time Sam stare , confuse , at the automated blood - type machine . the read - out blink : blood group can not be identify . SAM what the hell ? she look at carmack , who be now in soft restraint . sarge 's voice cut in over hernandez 's communicator . sarge ( vo ) hernandez , get you ass over to the residential unit to assist with evac . 36 . hernandez ( to Sam ) you good ? she nod and hernandez take off . hernandez ( cont would ) ( into communicator ) Roger that , on the way . and he 's go . she return to the blood type machine . enter more data . after a moment , the read out blink again : blood group can not be identify . it do not make sense . she go to the cabinet , pull out a cauterize kit . turn back to carmack -- react . SAM oh shit ... the cot where carmack lay a moment ago , be empty . all he 's leave behind be a bloody smear across a sheet . over the PA : sarge ( on PA ) attention olduvai personnel . this be sergeant Asher mahonin , uacm . CUT to : int . residential zone yet another series of cramped industrial hallway , with one notable difference : a laughable attempt have be make to make the area more '' comforting : '' the handsome front door of the residential unit , as well as the unit 's quaint window , be all set into one side of the hallway . the other side boast a '' view '' paint onto the cold steel . the low ceiling be paint to resemble a abnormally blue sky . a infant would not be fool by this pathetic facade . sarge ( on PA ) in a timely and orderly fashion , you be to report under armed escort to the wormhole chamber for temporary evacuation back to Grimm / lab . the four-dozen or so nervous resident who would only recently be sequester here , nervously emerge from they '' home '' . 37 . they follow behind portman and the kid , eventually emerge from -- a large iron gate , like that which might enclose a upscale '' gated community '' , except it be build into another steel wall . so rather than a wholesome welcome to a neighborhood , it be more akin to a gussie up mine shaft entrance . the gate 's electric current be shut off . a agitate tech 1 watch the two man converse -- quietly , seriously . tech 1 what do you bet that guy know something they be not tell we ? tech 2 yeah , well , probably classified ... we track ahead , hear they sotto dialogue . the kid she say he just disappear ? portman yeah . probably run off somewhere to rip off the other ear . cur to : int . atrium pinky open the double dead - bolt steel door to the olduvai side of the wormhole . two long line of evacuate personnel have form as hernandez check id and the restive crowd proceed , one by one , into the chamber that 'il transport they home . hernandez I should go , make sure she 's okay . destroyer sarge go , she 's fine . you gettin’ a little attach ? hernandez no . destroyer do not do this again , man . hernandez do not what ? 38 . destroyer come on , no . just no . okay ? ( to a pass woman ) Lady . wait . you alright ? the lady not only look distraught , as though she 's be weep , but she neck be bruise and bleed , the collar of she blouse stain with something dark . mrs . willit I ...i... something ... hernandez what happen , Mrs ... ( check she name tag ) .. willit ? mrs . willit my baby -- fever ... hernandez yeah ? where be you baby --? ( off she stare ) be the baby home with you husband ? destroyer we nre still short four head . but hernandez be stare at the woman . concerned . destroyer ( cont would ) Gregg ? hernandez ( to Mrs. willit ) go on mar ‘am , we will take a look . ( then to destroyer ) we gotta check a house . '' willit '' . see if there 's a baby ... cuT to : int . willit nursery what 's leave of a splinter , bloodstain door be kick in by hernandez and destroyer -- burst in , weapon deploy . Inside , the residential unit be make up to as closely as possible resemble actual home . wall paint pink , the nursery be fill with stuff animal and toy . 39 . there 's a rock chair in one corner , and a crib in the center of the room . which , ominously , mark the end of a path of dribble , spatter blood from the door . hernandez oh , man . against he better judgement , hernandez approach the crib , glance down . beat . he straight -arm destroyer behind he . hernandez ( cont have ) do not. gannon . just ... do not . CUT to : int . live room as sarge , John and the rest of the squad sweep the room , gun bristle , tension now high . the kid you guy 's find Dr. carmack ? sarge no . the kid that 's kinda weird be not it ? I mean he be pretty hurt and all -- hernandez and destroyer exit the nursery . both man be pale , in shock . destroyer double over , retching , overcome . destroyer oh god ... hernandez Lady say she baby have a fever . destroyer lot worse than any fever -- he trail off , note that John and sarge be both look up at the ceiling -- specifically , at the stain of blood from inside it that lead across ... then down to a open window . as he and John dash out the unit 's back door -- int . residential housing corridor 10 -- and follow the blood smear from the window , down the wall , to a open manhole set into the corridor 's floor . 40 . they regard the hole for a brief moment , then John step forward , cock he weapon , and drop down . the rest follow . only portman hesitates . portman sarge , it 's one thing to be '' in the shit " as a figure of speech , but -- sarge get in the goddamn hole , portman . CUT to : int . wormhole chamber - pinky Plays doom on a monitor . hueng sit nearby . pinky dude . I be five frag up on this guy fragglet , and he 's just stand there take shot at I with the chaingun . the chaingun !!! pinky look to hueng ... and discover he to be asleep at a nearby computer terminal , lean back in the chair , head roll back . his eye close . pinky go back to he game . a dribble of viscous GREEN mucous drop into hueng 's open mouth from somewhere above . hueng gag . his eye open wide , he look up . scream . pinky turn around from he game . Holy shit . we do not see it , but from the look on pinky 's face it 's horrifying . to the sound of flesh rip and bone break , pinky back toward the wormhole slowly . try to go unnotice . as hueng 's scream continue and pinky 's hand reach for the wormhole control panel we -- ccut to : int . sewer portman , breathe through he mouth , wave he beam around . every footfall , drip and creak echoe off the tunnel 's metal surface , amplify and distort . and it 's a claustrophobe 's worst nightmare -- the man have to hunker down as they walk . 41 . sarge stay in cigar formation . if you can id the enemy , do not wait for you buddy to do the same : start shoot . to ward off fear , goat ( the only one who , per regulation , wear night vision goggle ) softly recite from the Bible : goat '' be sober , be vigilant , because you adversary the devil ... walketh about , seek whom he may devour . '' sarge | goat ? give it a rest , would ya ? JOHN you really believe that ? goat I know what I see . with destroyer and hernandez as they march through the muck , play they light - beam in regular , repeat pattern : destroyer h , when we be kid play soldier , y‘ever picture yourself do this ? hernandez no , I picture myself get laid . back to JOHN as he pass the kid , move into position to walk point : the kid hey . you do not wear nvg 's neither ? JOHN I do not like ‘em -- they limit you peripheral vision . the kid plus y’ca not see shit to either side . John smile . then there 's a splash -- and the kid tense as John turn -- see that goat trip on some debris , be all . 42. JOHN Stephen , right ? the kid everyone 's call I the kid , so -- JOHN so this be why you join up , huh ? romance , adventure , see the world , make the parent proud ? the kid I ...well , I ...lost my parent ... John silently register this , finger he scar , as : the kid ( cont would ) I wake up one morning and everything be go . only thing leave be -- I . they want the tv more than they want I . ( then ) you lose you folk , right ? they sorta ... found , this whole -- JOHN car accident . the kid take this in . a few more step in silence , then : the kid you sister -- she 's some big scientist up here ... ( off John 's nod ) and you be humping it in a sewer --? JOHN the road not take . the kid turn to John , to try to read he face -- and , look in kid 's eye , as at a reflection , John see : JOHN ( cont no ) you pupil , they be pin , kid ... the kid ( turn away ) I get this condition , reaper . when I be scared -- JOHN portman supplying you ? 43. the kid he do not force I , I -- JOHN you take one more shot of that shit , I ’1l1 blow hole in you and portman . without warning the kid whip two hand cannon from he chest holster , point they both in the direction of John 's head -- with destroyer and hernandez as hernandez feel something tickle he kneecap . he reach down , and scoops something out of the water ... hernandez d? this have gotta be the last straw . it 's a mangle doll 's head . back to JOHN and the kid John gently reach out , to calm the overwrought youth : JOHN kid , that be just my way of ... slowly the kid adjust he aim -- over both John 's shoulder . and with reason : something 's creep in the dark behind goat in the rear . they can hear it breathe . now the whole squad stop in its track , move to steadfast silence . a ghostly white object , in the shape of a human torso , float along the tunnel ... John raise it up : a lacerate , bloody lab-coat . with Dr. willit 's id still pin over the breast pocket . the kid goat ! night vision Pov we see what goat see : the tunnel behind , all light , all clear . goat 's voice what ? 44 , the kid 's voice five o'clock !! goat 's Pov swivel to five o'clock . filling the frame be a man' face , as it emerge from the muck . its eye open . goat 's voice +s. Dr. willit ..? then the rest of its eye open and -- back to JOHN and the kid it happen so fast . a glimmer of razor sharp teeth , and then something rocket from the maw of darkness , embed deep into goat 's neck . his eye go wide , arm flail helplessly . the creature retreat further into the tunnel , allow its tongue to slowly spool out of its throat . then in one quick motion , it retreat entirely , tongue separate from its body . the pink two - foot muscle writhes grotesquely , the fluid sack at its posterior end pump furiously . goat stumble backward , grasp at it . John and the rest of the squad step into fire formation . unleash a hell STORM into the darkness . from the void a high pitch scream , otherworldly , terrifying . the shoot slowly stop as each man run out of ammo . and finally , from far down the tunnel , the scream end and the sound of something large splashes into the water . sarge man down , dammit -- goat lie motionless in the muck . after completely empty its content into he neck , the tongue drop into he lap , still squirming in a grotesque struggle for independent life . JOHN sweet Jesus . ccut to : int . infirmary - a few minute later John and sarge carry in a unresponsive goat . SAM what the hell happen ? 45 . behind they , hernandez and destroyer hump a strangely shape bodybag . John anxiously watch as Sam try to stanch goat 's bleed . next , a shot of adrenaline . and another . JOHN goat be ... right behind I , he ... be talk about '' devil '' -- sarge stand silently , wait for Sam to finish she work . SAM '' devil '' ? JOHN goat , he ... see the world in black and white , doubt -- Sam stand , wipe she brow , shake she head . he 's go . JOHN ( cont would ) -- and faith . he blink back tear . SAM I be sorry . Sam reach for a body - bag . as she start to zip it up : JOHN wait . he close goat 's eyelid . then reach into goat 's kevlar vest . pull out goat 's well - thumbed , now bloodstain edition of the Bible . pocket it , zip shut the body - bag . SAM what 's in that one ? the other body bag . the remain team member exchange dubious glance . sarge show she . destroyer unzip the second bag . Sam gasp at the blast remnant of the imp : a tower humanoid with eight eye and a thick black exoskeleton . SAM good Christ ... 46 . sarge what the hell be you people work on up here ? SAM we be analyze bone , mineral ... we be not do anything like this -- JOHN carmack be experiment on human subject in he genetics lab . SAM ( heatedly ) no. mice , maybe . monkey . John toss she the '' carmack vid -note '' disc angrily . JOHN he be experiment on a convict killer name curtis stahle . SAM no , we do not have human subject study approval ! JOHN it 's in he goddam note ! Sam stare at the disc . John turn to sarge . JOHN ( cont have ) this be not the same creature goat and I see outside carmack 's lab . portman you mean there 's more than one ? time CUT to : close - video map it depict a blue outline of olduvai 's layout . over : the kide voice what be that green dot ...? a hand reach into frame , point to EIGHT GREEN blip , we be inside the -- 47 . int . infirmary portman look from the large wall - mount map , to the kid . hernandez that 's we , newbie . that guy pinky , a few straggler . carbon-base life form , identify as green dot ... sarge be send a message over uac secure line : sarge this sergeant Asher mahonin , phone in a operational status report at 0 - 915 hour from olduvai . situation remain unstable . Grimm / lab and all olduvai evacuee to remain under lockdown until we complete sweep and clear here and return . portman that 's a bullshit sit-rep , sarge -- '' unstable '' mean we need help , true ? sarge glare at portman then turn to the squad and , coolly : sarge any other question ? portman we need to call for help . JOHN we be six million light year from home . message will not even get there for a hour . kid 's still study the map . the kid if the green blip be we , then what be that ? point to the two red blip in the chamber , nearby . JOHN carbon - base life form . the kid why red , not green --? 48. JOHN because they be not genetically identifiable as human . destroyer whatever they be , they be huge -- hernandez and they be move . as the terrifying implication sink in , sarge start to reload . the rest of the squad follow suit -- except : portman five minute ago , we waste some -- thing , reaper think there 's another and now we get three --?! with a deep , abide and terrible calm : sarge we will work we way from here to the wormhole and clean ‘em out , re-mark every sweep area . hernandez stay with Sam . upload the gsr map to you head up display . sarge pull a usb memory card from the monitor hard drive , load it into he belt PC . the hud on he visor suddenly glow green . then sarge toss the memory card to John who do the same and pass it along as -- portman if we would use the gsr when we first get here we would not be in this shit . ( they ignore he ) you be serious --?! screw this ! we gotta call in reinforcement ! D ’ya see the way that thing grease goat ? sarge chamber round . portman ( cont would ) I enlist to protect uac property and personnel . from terrorist and thug , dangerous yes , but at least they be human ... it 's Standard operate procedure to call in reinforcement when a situa -- sarge we be the reinforcement . reload . 49 , desperate , portman look to John for support . instead , John slam a final round into he chamber , then , quietly : JOHN pray for War . CUT to : int . atrium the squad be spread out in a a advance offensive formation , cautiously approach the wormhole chamber until sarge abruptly halt they with a hand signal . sarge .«.- damn door 's open ... portman grenade ? JOHN yeah right , and blow the wormhole ... sarge signal for the team to split in two , hunker down on both side of the partially open double - deadbolt steel door . CUT to : int . infirmary - same time Sam pull open what 's leave of the imp 's huge jaw , shine a penlight in , past the razor - sharp incisor . hernandez stand back -- a good vantage point for throw the occasional admire glance at Sam 's ass , as she work . SAM shit . she 's drop she penlight into the imp 's mouth and deep into its gullet . she turn , signal : SAM ( cont would ) hold this open . hernandez hesitates . SAM ( cont have ) do not be a pussy . grimace , hernandez grip the jaw , pries they wide apart . 50 . hernandez Little tension ' tween you and reaper ? SAM no big deal . we just go we separate way . after we parent ... hernandez nod : he 's more or less familiar with the story . SAM ( cont would ) I focus on textbooks , microscope . he gravitate to gun and explosive . hernandez yeah ? what be he like before ? SAM as a boy ? empathetic , sensitive . Sam reach into the creature 's mouth halfway up to she elbow . she stretch she fingertip , strain . hernandez hard to think of reaper as sensitive . SAM well , I know '' reaper '' before all the drop-down - gimme-fifty '' woo - ha '' stuff . hernandez it 's '' hoo - ah '' ... while Sam be not watch , hernandez wipe away rivulet of sweat from he forehead . SAM you do not have a family , do you ? hernandez I have destroyer . his folk take I in . we come up together . SAM he seem like a good guy . hernandez nod , embarrassed by this rare moment of candor . SAM ( cont '' ) you know -- I bet you have secretly get a big heart , hernandez ... hernandez not the only secret big thing I get . 51 . Sam smirk at the clumsy line , grab a scalpel , begin a y - incision but the scalpel snap in half . she tap the break handle against the thick exoskeleton . SAM I need a power bone see . there 's one in the morgue . hernandez " power bone see . '' Lady , I be look for you my whole life . CUT to : int . wormhole chamber John enter first , step over hueng 's dismember , lifeless corpse . the room be silent , otherwise empty . off a soft but precise signal of tap with he gun-stock against the floor , the other follow he inside , army - crawl through the crystalline maze . slowly close in on the mirrore cylinder at the center of the cavernous room ... destroyer where 's that guy pinky ...? he trail off , distract by another annoying , repetitive ... plink . they be small white object , strike the floor . one land near the kid -- who , curious , scoops one into he palm . he look up , ghost white . now everyone see what he 's hold : a bloody human tooth . destroyer turn to find John look up . then he look up to the suspend catwalk . through he spotter scope , see : the baron , nearly burst from its skin with muscularity . where canine should be , the Baron boast four razor - sharp tusk . wart - like lump speckle its face . do it not see they , or be it simply unafraid ? quietly : destroyer ( cont would ) where 's the other one ? CUT to : 52. int . corridor hernandez be return from the morgue , carry the bone see . through the open nanowall of the infirmary he can see Sam work over the imp . call to she , hold up the bone see . hernandez be not there a say ? ' chivalry be worth two full body massage and a foot rub ? 's something like that ? Sam do not even look up , keep work . SAM we will see . but hernandez have hear something , slow . afraid to look behind he as -- hernandez +.. eyeah we will ... hernandez 's blood splatter across the wall . he stagger back , trip and fall . the demon that 's just tear a hole in hernandez 's arm stand above he . hernandez look slowly up at the drool monstrosity . tries to reach for he weapon . SAM +. greg ... Sam 's stand in the open infirmary nanowall , stare at the thing . hernandez Sam , get back inside . the demon 's turn it 's attention to Sam . it allow hernandez to roll over , grab he weapon and fire a hurried shot . the demon scream , fall backward . hernandez jump to he foot , take off toward the infirmary as fast as he can run . but with terrifying recovery speed , the demon be back in action , on he heel and gain , slice the air with its massive claw -- at the end of the hallway , Sam stand on the other side of the open nanowall , hand on the control panel . 53 . SAM come on . come on . hernandez sprint with all he 's get . hernandez now ! do it now ! with fade strength , he leap head - first . the demon follow suit a split-second behind hernandez , as ... Sam activate the panel . hernandez tumble through . next come the demon 's head , upper torso -- then the nanowall solidify . it scream as its bone crack within the wall . enrage , its tongue spool out just shy of hernandez 's neck . cut to : int . wormhole chamber - same time the squad have spread out in a horseshoe pattern , still focus on the demon above . quietly : sarge once we open fire , if it try to get away , lay down fire to force it away from the wormhole ... sarge pause as the Baron spit another tooth at they , this time almost malevolently . a _leg-iron with a bust chain dangle from its ankle . the kid reaper . JOHN what ? the kid the manacle and chain . JOHN curtis stahle . the Baron leap from its perch , hurtle toward the team . destroyer 's chain gun sprays lead . John 's twin pistol rain hot metal . kid 's hand cannon spews FIRE . the brunt of the firepower catch the Baron square in the chest . 54 . the force of the blast send the creature crash into the heart of the stack fifty foot back . the team relax momentarily : nothing could have survive that . portman what the hell be that ?! the kid be it dead ? sarge nothing could have survive that . the shatter of glass . the squad watch , amaze , as : the Baron , wounded yet seemingly none the worse for wear plow full speed through wall after wall of see-through metal aggregate . a cloud of crystalline explosion fill the room . the squad begin quickly reloading . with only several foot and one glass wall to go , the squad begin a final volley commence with a maelstrom of crystal , hundred of round direct at a single target , as : the Baron leap quick and high over the team and disappear on the other side of they . the team fire after he . sarge ( cont have ) it 's head back for carmack 's lab . as sarge and squad give chase , John 's on he communicator : JOHN hernandez , we be follow curtis stahl , but there 's another one run around out there somewhere -- CUT to : int . infirmary - same time off the harden nanowall , and the imp trap within it : SAM yeah , it 's run day be over . we be both ok , but hernandez have a gash I have get to sew . be careful out there ... she sign off then take over from hernandez , who 's try to sew up he own wound . he gaze at she with admiration . 55 . hernandez you know , it 's both common and natural for the body to misinterpret physical excitement bring on by fear as sexual arousal . Sam smile coyly , then jam the suture needle a couple inch deeper into the wound than she need to . hernandez yelp , off she smile we -- cut to : carmack 's lab - same time as the team reenter , take up position , sarge sense the rise level of fear and uncertainty . rallying he man : sarge loud , fast , and violent . get it ? JOHN I and kid nil circle around . John and the kid go , sarge order portman and destroyer : sarge maintain a perimeter here . I be head back to the armory . we need something with a little kick . destroyer take up position , hyper-alert . portman watch as sarge disappear down the corridor , then : portman Bet there have be a lotta party want to study one of this thing ..- Defense contractor , Big pharma . ( off the silence ) Big money , you know ? ( more silence ) I be just say , maybe we should try to capture one alive ... destroyer ignore he . portman take a moment . portman ( cont no ) I gotta take a piss . portman head off for the head . destroyer watch he go . it 's quiet , still , destroyer 's tense . wait , hot . sense he 's be watch , whirl -- 56 . -- but it 's only Lucy in she display case , accusatorially '' stare '' through the hollow eye-socket of she skull . destroyer 's get spook . destroyer hey portman ! how long do it take to take a piss ? ( there 's no answer ) portman ...! still nothing . destroyer sweep he beam across the room . all be quiet . and then , with no warning and at frightening speed , destroyer be yanked violently into the darkness of -- a adjoining corridor he land with a thud , open he eye to find himself stare at a wide - open salivate mouth with monstrous tooth . destroyer instantly react , roll away from the wet maw then in the same motion deliver a mighty kick to the Baron 's thick thigh , shocking the beast 's femoral artery ... as the Baron topple , it swat off destroyer 's helmet which smashes against the wall . unable to radio the squad for help , destroyer grab the bust chain from the demon 's manacle in a attempt to drag the beast back into the Lab . he get all of two foot before the Baron roar and swing its leg mightily , fling destroyer all the way down the corridor and into -- int . circular holding cell where destroyer tumble into the darken pit . destroyer struggle to he foot , back into the one shaft of light come down from above . look at the 20 foot wall of the pit , consider he option when the sound of something huge landing in the darkness beside he spin he around . destroyer peer into the darkness . can barely make out the Baron 's dripping fang . destroyer crack he knuckle . destroyer I see we speak the same language . then he and the Baron proceed to beat the shit out of each other . it 's not fluid , choreograph or beautiful , but a knock - down drag - out fight between physically dominant foe . destroyer rush the darkness , throw himself headfirst into the shadow ... crack ! 57 . the unmistakable sound of skull on skull . second later ... blam ! a harsh buzz of voltage and flash of light as the reeling Baron back into the electrify wall . the Baron howl . then it 's dark again . CUT to : int . bathroom portman warily enter as the light flicker overhead , peer under stall to be sure he 's alone . enter a stall and lock it , perching on the lidless toilet with the communicator in he lap . he change frequency , input a comm -code ( readout blink uac encrypt transmission ) . quietly : portman this be pfc Dean portman with uacm special ops on olduvai approximately 1500 hour . have encounter extra - — terrestrial entity , with unlimited potential for commercial exploitation strongly advise you send a commando platoon to recover specimen live and / or dead a- sap -- CUT to : int . infirmary observation room - same time empty save for the several cover and bag cadaver atop lab table , Sam and hernandez be visible on the other side of the large observation window , they back to we . suddenly , one of the bag cadaver lurch off its stretcher . Falls heavily to the floor . first one arm , then another punch through the vinyl . skeletal hand grip desperately at the material . tear it . hernandez and Sam still unaware in the room next door . one arm and then another be expose and now it 's chest , the blister and mutate skin be unmistakable thanks to the cross still scar into it . it 's goat . CUT to : int . advanced weapon section of the armory - same time sarge again stand in front of the beautiful float gun , gird himself , reach for the bfg . no force - field , no shock , no pain , he 's grip the bioforce gun. 58 . sarge huh . sarge consider this , love the feel of this gun in he hand . the light flicker , then flicker again . shit . sarge ( cont would ) destroyer ? come in ... ( nothing ) portman ? reaper ...? cut to : int . infirmary - same time the light flicker yet again . hernandez what the hell be that ? Sam look up do not know , then lean back in to pry open the last tough bit of the imp 's exoskeleton , hand a crowbar to hernandez . pries open the chest cavity with both hand . hernandez ( cont would ) can you make any sense of it ? Sam shake she head -- mystify , horrify . hernandez ( cont have ) what , have you ever see anything like it before ? Sam nod , step away from the body . hernandez ( cont would ) yes . it 's human . CUT to : int . hallway - same time John and the kid flank each side of a large open door . strange noise emanate from within . they nod to each other and spin , gun trained , enter -- 59 . int . lab - continuous step over several savage body littering the floor . one have a miss arm , another lie on it 's stomach , it 's head twisted all the way around so it 's face be stare up into the ceiling . in the back , a scientist in white coat be lean over a bank of cage . both John and the kid relax . the kid a straggler . JOHN ( placate ) Sir ? the facility 's be evacuate . the man crane he neck to look back at they , like a animal catch in headlight . his eye be wide , he skin pale . there 's blood around he mouth . JOHN ( cont would ) ( cautious ) Doctor ? we need you to make you way immediately to the wormhole . the man thrust he hand into a cage , and in a single movement shovel two lab mice into he mouth . for the first time the man realize all the other cage door be open , the cage be empty . both take a step backward . the kid reaper ... JOHN Sir , whatever 's happen to you we can get you hel -- but man charge , scream . he 's nearly upon they before they begin firing , hundred of rapidly fire round send the man flying backwards into the cage . then silence . they advance towards he , stunne as the overhead light flicker again . the kid what 's go on ? CUT to : int . corridor ( carmack 's lab ) - sarge running down the corridor , have hear the gunfire . 60 . sarge ( into headset ) destroyer ? portman ? reaper ? what the hell 's you status ? ccut to : int . electrified holding cell destroyer , beat and badly burn , irish - whip the Baron into the shadow . a beat then ... zap ! another blast of electricity . both combatant be weaken , but destroyer clearly more so . he squint , try to find the Baron in the darkness . roar ! the Baron rush from the darkness , knock he back into the wall . zap ! destroyer struggle upright . the Baron wallop he again and fling he into the shadow . destroyer reel , weaken and helpless . he collapse , manage to avoid hit the far wall by mere inch . for a split second he catch sight of the Baron leave the light portion of the cell , slide back into night . now destroyer be blind , lose in the darkness , and the Baron be somewhere in here with he . a much too long moment of silence , then ... the clank of a chain , and destroyer be ram , fly back first into the wall but hold on to the Baron as he do so . and this time , he hold himself there , the electricity coursing through he body and into the Baron 's . only SPARKS light the scene . the Baron shriek . it twist and turn with unholy strength , but destroyer hold steady , he finger digging into the Baron 's back . a desperate final attempt , the Baron place both hand against the wall , try to push away from the coursing power . after only a moment , it pull its hand away . the flesh of its palm burnt to the wall . CUT to : int . infirmary - same time Sam 's load carmack 's vid-note . they watch in silence . 61 . carmack ( video ) -- confine patient Zero , curtis stahle , to the detention tank for careful evaluation after the subject 's cell begin to infuse C - 24 . hernandez C -what ? SAM chromosome 24 . carmack dissolves to a new image : blurry black and white , poorly frame from a fix camera mount above . we see a naked arm , part of a male torso , lie prone in the '' pit . '' the crude video be stamp subject : stahle , curtis . 003 hrs . hernandez what be we look at ? now it jump to 004 hrs . the arm , and torso , begin to swell . SAM he lie . it 's now 005 hrs. , and the '' subject '' seem to be writhe , mostly out of frame . we watch the arm metamorphose , from something human and fleshy to a scaly hardness . hernandez who lie ? SAM carmack tell we he would not attempt to reconstruct the olduvian genetic mutation , chromosome 24 , in human subject . Sam angrily snap off the video and look to hernandez . find he white as a sheet , stare at something os . she follow he gaze -- they be look through the observation room window . on the other side of the window be goat . sort of . he 's change , turn , but still recognizable . SAM ( cont no ) oh my god. 62 . goat 's look out at they , but he eye be hollow . he turn away from they , head back into the room . then spin , sprint back toward the window , and launch himself headfirst at the glass . his skull collide with the pane in a sicken crunch , splattering the glass with blood . hernandez and Sam recoil in terror as goat reel back , slam he head back into the glass a second time . his eye wide with horror . he headbutt the glass again and again . the sharp crack of bone against glass become louder and louder . already well past what would reasonably constitute decease , goat finally collapse to the floor . a good quarter of he head leave on the glass . a long , dumbstruck beat . hernandez he know . ( quietly to Sam ) he know he be turn ... she stare at he , then realize , look to the imp : SAM that thing do not butcher willit . it be willit . this thing be we . as she race for the nanowall , hernandez follow -- SAM ( cont would ) oh my god . we gotta try to keep it alive ! CUT to : int . corridor - same time charge down the corridor , sarge hear a unholy pounding -- something move overhead , fast , in a westerly direction . sarge destroyer --? turn into -- int . electrified holding pen it 's dark , but smoke waft from the pit across the room . turn on he gun- mount light , approach it carefully . 63 . sarge portman ...? look down . the blood drain from he face . cut to : int . corridor - a moment later sweep the hall , John and the kid hear a clomping , something come , fast ... they chamber round , swing around the corner , face -- sarge : sweaty , breathless . sarge destroyer , he get into close - quarter combat -- musta tore the ass outta that sonovobitch but -- the kid be he -- dead ? destroyer ..? sarge swallow , nod , then point up : sarge it 's move ... that way . he point down another corridor . the man break into a run . JOHN ( into communicator ) portman , what 's you --? CUT to : int . bathroom portman be just about to leave he stall . pause to retune he communicator to the proper frequency , hear : JOHN ( vo ) -- what 's you position ? portman sweep the bathroom . look clear . JOHN ( vo ) portman ? we be tracking something in the ceiling , head you way . the ceiling shake , dust sprinkle portman 's razor - cut hair . 64 . JOHN ( vo ) ( cont would ) portman , get the hell out of there . portman look slowly up , terrify . portman oh shit ... JOHN ( vo ) portman you gotta get out of there , do you copy ? a claw smashes through the ceiling above ! portman be pluck off the toilet seat , straight up into midair . scream , he drop he radio , grab he knife . desperately slashes at the claw . disappear above for a moment , then reappear upside down , be shake like a rag - doll . his skull smack one side of the stall then the other . John , sarge and the kid race in , fire up into the ceiling above where the Baron must be . sarge loose a blast from the bfg , there 's a searing fireball -- and half the stall , the ceiling and all of portman be a bubbling puddle of molten metal and smoking flesh . the smoke clear , the claw , the toilet and portman have dematerialized into cosmic dust . after a beat , a unworldly scream and what little be leave of the Baron fall heavily from above . only he head , bit of a shoulder and section of breastbone be leave . a beat of awed silence . John cut a look at sarge 's weapon . John cross to what little be leave of portman -- but he 's stick . as John struggle to unstrap he medical pouch ... the kid what the hell be that ? sarge bfg . the kid what ? sarge Big fuck gun . CUT to : 65 . int . infirmary Sam be stand as close as she dare to the wall - in imp , prepare to insert a feed tube down its throat . Close by , hernandez edgily watch , weapon at the ready , when -- -- sarge and the kid enter , bear destroyer 's corpse . hernandez gannon ! heartbroken , he dash to he best friend 's body , embrace the massive , ruin cadaver in repose , unashamedly sobbing . John follow , portman 's medical pouch sling on a shoulder . JOHN portman too . and , wrap in a tarpaulin , the piece of the Baron . sarge Doc , what 's leave of curtis stahl . you have any idea what the hell be go on --? as Sam move examine the Baron 's remain . SAM I think carmack be experiment with the 24th chromosome he find in Lucy . extracted it , reproduce it and use stahl as a guinea pig . it enter the bloodstream , bond with stealth DNA , then take over the entire cellular structure . the kid why be they all turn out so different ? SAM it must be that the anomaly be not the chromosome , it must be something in the host . ( how to put this ) it seem to turn the host inside out , and ... hernandez look up from destroyer 's body . 66 . hernandez ..- human be monster inside . Sam be quickly , discreetly ( via nasal cavity ) take brain tissue sample from destroyer 's body . SAM carmack must have be infect when we find he . the wound on he neck , we lose sight of it after the ear thing , it 's probably the transmission site . hernandez react . but stay mum , as Sam agree : SAM ( cont would ) he be already change . evolving -- among other thing -- a better tongue to pass the chromosome to new host . start with the thing in the sewer that attack goat -- Dr. willit ... it start to fall into place : JOHN we find several people in the lab , they would be slaughter rather than infect . why do not it try to infect everyone ? SAM I do not know . some , like gannon , be kill outright . while other , like goat , be transformed into -- demon . _ sarge '' demon '' ? SAM you get a better word ? sarge consider for a beat , then : sarge if carmack be carry this 24th chromosome , then this be not over . we have to find he . SAM we have . more or less . gesture at the wall - in imp. 67 . sarge that 's carmack ? bullshit . SAM look at its leave ear . John examine one side of the imp 's head . Studies its weird mutate ear . now check the other side . and react to see : JOHN it 's go . Sam turn back to the Baron 's remain . SAM now that we have stahl , a piece of he , anyway , I can try to figure out if there 's a way to stop the genetic mutation , maybe reverse the cond -- sarge carmack 's condition be irreversible . sarge approach the imp , as though to inspect it himself . SAM not necessarily : if I can reduce cell hyperplasia , create anti-oncogene -- sarge pull a big pistol , swing it up under the imp 's chin . JOHN SAM sarge ? do not ! angle - other side of the wall where carmack 's leg and monstrous spine hang limp . the back of he deform head protrude as well . and now it explode . back to scene sarge because carmack 's condition be that he 's dead . off Sam 's mute horror at carmack ' 's summary execution : sarge ( cont would ) now he 's not contagious , now he 's not a threat . be all the personnel up here on olduvai account for ? 68 . hernandez say something . four syllable , not quite audible . sarge ( cont have ) what be that , hernandez ? hernandez Mrs. willit . oh , man , she have a big cut on she neck , I ... think from she baby ... I think she mean she baby have a fever . ( beat ) I send she back down . I send she to Grimm / lab through the wormhole . sarge begin to methodically reload he entire arsenal . sarge reload , gentleman . we be go back through the wormhole , pray this shit be contain down there ... sarge start back out , the kid follow . John linger with Sam , stare down at what 's leave of the imp -- JOHN { maybe goat be right . SAM what about ? JOHN about a world divide between angel and devil ... John turn , follow sarge as we -- CUT to : int . atrium - moment later the team move quickly across the empty atrium . John help Sam push a stretcher bear what 's leave of the Baron 's body . sarge how many do we evac back down to Grimm / lab ? the kid lead as they reach the wormhole chamber . JOHN total ? forty-six -- 69 . int . wormhole chamber olduvai - continuous or what 's leave of it ... as the three crunch across a battlefield of crystal shard , spend round and body : sarge plus the twenty - five or so employee on the skeleton crew we leave behind . be over three hour , they will all be infect by now . the kid slow down , concerned . the kid whoa , sarge , we gotta smoke , like , seventy - plus ? sarge look at the silver lining : some of they we will just find tear apart . ( then ) lock and load . bastard might be wait for we on the other side . kid follow sarge toward the '' droplet '' as we -- CUT to : int . ark ( grimm / lab ) - a moment later a flash of blue light as sarge reemerges , shake off the effect . whirl 360 - degree , shoulder he bfg , cover the other as they appear . a quick look around confirm he worst fear : the steel door 's wide open , the two sentries be go and the floor be litter with the body of slain scientist and techy . echoing over the wall mount comm system : uac officer's voice this be uacm headquarters attempt third and final contact ... sarge move to the wall comm system as the other team member emerge through the wormhole behind he . sarge this be sgt. mahonin . who be this ? 70 . uac officer's voice this be Commander underwood . we just receive a code communication from a member of you team , Dean portman , confirm uac special force . do you need assistance ? John 's appear through the wormhole , listen as he try to shake off the effect and watch the other come through . sarge negative , do not enter the Lab facility . we be under biological contagion lock down procedure . we be currently attempt to control the threat . uacm force should be station above , anyone or anything other than my team attempt to exit this facility must be terminate . uac officer's voice what the hell be go on down there sergeant sarge anything or anyone , sir . kill it on sight . over . sarge turn back , see everyone stare at he . the kid they be not come to help we ? Sam look squarely at sarge . SAM what 's go on down here be still a close biological system . the only guarantee it will not spread above ground be to keep out more potential host . either we solve it -- my way , or sarge 's -- or we die down here . you can not let anybody else in . sarge ( nod ) let 's go . nerve center . CUT to : 71. int . nerve CENTER we be look at the wall - mount Grimm / lab map , a home - planet version of the olduvai map , with one difference : the kid no blip . instead there 's only snow . as he back slowly to the door : sarge smart bastard . they jamme it -- so we have get no idea how many we be up against , or where they be . the kid how could they jam it ? they be -- sarge rocket scientist , remember ? and if they be smart enough to jam the gsr , they x11 damn sure find they way to the elevator . SAM we have to try to figure out the epidemiology . maybe there 's a way to reverse the genetic mutation . sarge yeah , well , if you find the cure in the next five minute , send word before the massacre start . ( go ) reaper , stay with you sister . John hesitates , want to go with sarge and the squad . sarge ( cont would ) do not worry , there 's gonna be plenty of kill wherever you be . ( then , signal ) hernandez ? kid ? the kid fall in eagerly . hernandez , reluctantly . the kid so what 's we strategy ? breach - team frontal assault ? ambush box ? 72 . sarge actually , kid , I think we be gonna just kick they goddamn ass . off John and Sam , watch they go we -- cuT to ext . the field above - night a column of heavily armed uacm commando stream in , pile off truck , rush to take position around the close metal iris at the top of the elevator shaft . as lock and load we -- CUT to : int . the nerve CENTER Sam lean over the remain of the Baron 's body , which John have hoist atop a table . JOHN but not everyone be infect . they do not turn destroyer or that guy hueng . there be body all over the place down here they just kill . she separate the lung , revealing another strange organ . SAM his '' evolve '' tongue . it 's just like willit 's , in the sewer . she pull a vial of grey sludge from she pocket , uncork it . SAM ( cont would ) Brain matter I take from portman . she hold the vial over the engorge bulb of the Baron 's lower tongue , which now take up a significant portion of he chest cavity . the tongue churn , spattering John with blood . now Sam hold up another vial , same sort of sludge . quietly : SAM ( cont ’‘d ) I take this sample from destroyer . she again hold the vial over the node of the Baron 's tongue , and ... it do nothing , just loll . 73 . quickly , Sam pass portman 's brain matter over again . the tongue jerk . SAM ( cont have ) I do not know if it 's a particular neurotransmitter its pick up on , or a specific ganglion , but it choose who to infect . JOHN why ? SAM we know there be genetic marker for aggression and hostile behavior ... I do not know . maybe it 's only take the worst of we on purpose . CUT to : int . grimm lab supply room - same time evidently a number of Grimm / lab personnel think to hole up in here -- a smart idea , give the high shelf stock with foodstuff . despite they best effort , though , they be recently overrun : the room be pile with mutilate corpse . hernandez scan the room with he rifle mount light , revolt . into communicator : hernandez sarge , I be in the supply room . there must be fifteen body , all dead . sarge ( on communicator ) Mark the room and head to Zone 2 . hernandez pull out he fluorescent powder marker , make a mark . hear a SOUND ! swing he rifle around to the pile of body . what the fuck be that . silence . hear it again ! fire a burst , into the corpse -- man' voice Jesus Christ , stop shoot ! hernandez who the hell be in there ? two bloody arm pop up from the pile of human wreckage . then a terrify face , the rest of he bury in body . 74 . it 's pinky , babbling : pinky ( man ) they bust in , it be horrible ... oh my god ... I just play dead ... frantically , helplessly , he burst out : pinky ( cont would ) do not just stand there , you dumb sonovobitch ! get I outta here ! cut to : int . nerve CENTER John watch as Sam continue she post mortem . SAM Internal lung structure 's undergone a high degree of specialization , but that make sense . olduvai be 70 % water . the C - 24 help they evolve to be able to breathe under it . off a hissing from behind they John spin , aim he gun . hernandez I find a survivor , he be hide under a bunch of dead people . the hiss sound be the wheelchair , contain a thoroughly panicked and babbling pinky . hernandez ( cont would ) bastard be suppose to wait for we by the wormhole . pinky I stay as long as I could but this thing show up , it kill Captain hueng . I barely make it back through alive . and then when I get down here , there be dead body everywhere so I hide -- John be stare at pinky . Sam try to apologize . SAM I be sorry , John , I should have tell you he be here -- 75 . JOHN we already have we reunion . pinky look between they nervously : pinky I can not go back out there ! please just let I hide in here !! Sam look at pinky , incredulous . SAM you of all people , ask my brother for help -- pinky ( then piteously , plead ) it be not my idea , it be just a job , they come to I ... SAM what be just a job ? pinky I be nothing , a cog , I be only drive the car ! I _lost my leg , alright ? with this , pinky remove the blanket over he leg to reveal that ... they don ’t exist . his torso be biomechanically graft to he wheelchair . JOHN what the hell be you talk about ? John move toward he . pinky shift into reverse . JOHN ( cont would ) " rk job '' -- ? pinky keep roll back : John grab the arm of the chair . JOHN ( cont would ) what job ?! pinky you do not know ? you poor bastard , what , you think it be a accident ? flashback to : 76 . ext . bridge - night ( 10 year ago ) soak , freezing , oblivious , John stumble past Sam , who be a bloody mess , sit in the middle of the road , face light by : a burn truck ten foot away . the driver , the daze young pinky , sit at the wheel . stare down while mutter : pinky this be total bullshit , man ... this should never have happen ... John 's eye cloud . his face harden as he hear : SAM ( os ) John , where 's -- where 's Mom and dad ? John smashes pinky 's face right through the crack window . and keep pummel pinky , drunk on he primitive rage . again and again , as sarge arrive in he car , jump out , run toward John . sarge John , stop ! ' s’gonna blow -- pinky cut a plead look to sarge , who have to fight John to push he away before pull pinky from the flame wreck . now we see why pinky have just sit here , take John 's punch , put up no resistance : he leg be crush , mangle , ruin . the truck explode as sarge drag pinky out of range , and we CUT back to : int . nerve CENTER - present John leap at pinky , hand around pinky 's neck , choke he . JOHN I ’1l1 kill you ! in self - defense , pinky bend forward -- and the wheelchair , respond to he neurological command , lurch powerfully forward , pin John against the wall . SAM stop it ! stop it ! greg ...! 77 . hernandez and Sam pull John off of pinky . pinky choke and sputter , gasp for breath . John 's still enraged , come at pinky again , hernandez stop he . Sam stare at pinky , SAM ( cont would ) .. why ...? ( pinky 's still gasp ) for what ? ... what do they promise you ? ... money ? pinky «.. not my idea ... hire by mahonin ... John stop fight hernandez , stare , stunne -- JOHN sarge ...? hernandez mother of god . hernandez be stare past pinky toward the door . the arch - vile , a tower multi-armed horror , shiva on crack , have just squeeze in through the door behind pinky . pinky see hernandez 's horror , blanch -- pinky oh no , be there something behind I ? a insect - leg wrap around he neck and yank pinky and the wheelchair to which he 's attach , away . pinky 's whipped wildly around the room from wall to ceiling to opposite wall -- scream all the way . the team hit the floor . Furniture fly . a table nail hernandez . then , as though satisfied it 's finally capture something , and something palpably evil at that , the arch - vile abruptly retreat . John get he breath back , regains he bearing . see Sam , splay on the floor -- stunne , but uninjured . and : hernandez , struggle upright -- the two - foot metal leq from the examination table stick through he shoulder . daze : hernandez sorry , I let it get away . JOHN yeah well I be sorry you have a metal bar stick through you shoulder . Sam cross to hernandez , kneel . 78 . SAM hernandez , lie down , let I help you . hernandez surprise Sam and himself with a kiss on she lip . hernandez thanks but not right now . right now I be gonna tear that demon four new asshole and fuck every one of they . ccut to : int . tunnel - a moment later have dispose of pinky in the interim , the arch - vile crawl down a corridor . pause at a intersection of hallway . watched by sarge and the kid conceal behind a pipe . sotto , as the arch - vile seem to be decide which way to go : sarge let 's drive it west toward the nanowall , trap it there then -- before he can finish the kid break cover and with a courage border on crazy , chase the arch - vile west -- sarge ( cont have ) Jesus , kid ... the kid drop to one knee , get a bead -- weapon id ammunition store exhaust . all magazine empty . the kid shit ! sarge leap into place beside he , aim . but the arch - vile see he aim , turn and run -- «+ . Light through the nanowall . sarge what the hell ... sarge glance at the nanowall control panel . at its blink display : time lease execute : nanowall be OPEN . the kid what 's happen ..? 79 . sarge kid ... retreat . the kid what ? but off sarge 's silent , purposeful backward - march , the kid follow suit , eye glue to the soften nanowall as he reload -- and only then do he hear the inexplicable , otherworldly chatter emanate from the other side . the kid ( cont would ) what be that ... sarge field of fire ! the two man pause just long enough to loose a deafening barrage , then turn and run like hell all the way down to : int . circular anteroom at tunnel 's end . bolt the reinforce door as they find hernandez just arrive . hernandez what the hell be go on ? the kid I be too old for this shit . they stand in the center of the room , weapon all aim at the door . ready for whatever come through . sarge stiffen , as a arm lock around he neck from behind and the serrate blade of a knife press on he throat . JOHN what be in it for you ? sarge a hot meal and a hand - job . what be you blather about now , John - Boy ? John tighten he grip . JOHN what do they promise you ?! money ? a promotion ? for help kill we parent and keep quiet about it ? 80 . Sam step out of the shadow of the tunnel behind John . stare at sarge with unrestrained fury . a loud jarring bang on the door make John turn -- -- and , in the instant John lose concentration , sarge do a smooth martial art move that dislodge he -- fling John down onto the floor . sarge plant a boot on he protege 's chest . he look down at John . warn : sarge when we be out of the deep dark shit . we will hash this out . but not till then . you get that , reaper ? John grip sarge 's boot , move it off he chest , stand . turn he attention to the door , as it start to buckle against the relentless demon assault . sarge ( cont would ) I have some work to do . anyone not with I , take cover . now . sarge take a deep breath , steady he aim , then -- hernandez oh man ... they turn to hernandez : he stand in the center of the room , stare at he foot . distraught . with reason . he 's stand on a grate , and two hideous arm have reach up through it , grab he by the ankle . SAM ( horror-struck ) hernandez ... Gregg -- hold still . hernandez smile -- unfathomably brave , resign as a hindu saint -- as one of he foot be pull through the grate . hernandez can not . ( then ) take care of Sam , you guy , okay ? and the rest of he go down , as though through a strainer . his rapid descent halt briefly when the table leg lodge in he chest catch on the grate , and the helpless group get a much - longer - than - necessary look at the die man . with one final , horrifyingly violent tug , the table leg bend , and hernandez be go . Sam jam a fist in she mouth , only half - stifling she scream . 81 . the kid we be all gonna die here . sarge heft the bfg as he turn , determine , to the door . sarge then let 's goddamn go . but inexplicably , sarge stop . go silent . then a gurgle . then pink foam bubbling up from sarge 's throat and cascade down the front of he uniform . where it match a spread stain that ring a razor - sharp object jutting from he belly . and from behind sarge 's back it lower ... from the ceiling : the spider skulleton : , a gigantic , invert demon skull with enormous spider - legs spout from it . a volkswagon - size spider with a upside - down skull where its body should be . John shield Sam behind he , take aim . the kid 's face glaze . the killer in he rise once more . sarge look down , infinitely surprised to find himself skewer by the spider skulleton 's serrate leg . sarge ( cont have ) but I be not suppose to die yet . the spider skulleton flick he leg , fling sarge aside like a rag doll . John be about to start blast , but hesitates when he spot the human blur come at the creature from across the room . JOHN Stephen , no ! the kid slide along he back , both gun blaze . he unload two full pistol into its underbelly , steaming entrail spilling out onto he , until ... schwing ! two of the skulleton 's leg rocket downward , gore the kid through each shoulder . he howl in agony as the skulleton lift he into the air , bring he only inch from its foul face . John try to line up the kill shot , but can not . the kid be too close , dangle helplessly . the kid John , what be you wait for --? 82 . next , the creature 's tongue unspool , wrap around the kid 's neck and pump chromosome 24 directly in the carotid artery . SAM ( near tear ) John ... you have to do something . John , tear , look up to see the kid , struggle to stay conscious , look at he . that sad eye . SAM ( cont would ) Stephen , hold still ... though panicked , the kid process what 's just happen to he . suddenly it become very clear , what must be do . the kid ( beg John ) shoot we both , before I -- JOHN no goddamn way -- gimme a sec -- the kid point he own gun at the roof of he mouth . SAM no -- the kid save ammo . two-for-one . I know what 's inside I . he fire , the bullet blow open the other side of he skull then blasting straight up into the spider skulleton , liquefy its brain stem . it 's limp body , along with the kid 's , come crashing to the floor in a break heap . John and Sam take in the terrible spectacle with tragic awe . then John venture , wary , into the tunnel . JOHN ..- sarge ..? no answer , unsurprisingly . off the silence we hear , over ... SAM ‘s voice the olduvian mapped the human genome and discover the basic building block of life . and then they try to manipulate they -- cut to : 83. int . science lab they have bring kid 's body back here . Sam stand at the sink scrubbing off demon gore . John reload he gun from the collect ammo belt of he fall comrade . SAM «..to build a better man , or a deadlier soldier , either way , it go terribly wrong . a few of they must have see the write on the wall and escape through the wormhole . JOHN the '' ark " ? Sam shut off the tap . turn from the sink , to John . SAM maybe we be all descendent of that few olduvaian , the one who escape . ( beat ) Adam and Eve , noah 's ark . Sam begin search for medical equipment . JOHN there would be record of they come , writings , history . SAM they would not have want to take much with they . they have learn they lesson , this planet be a chance to start anew . JOHN goat call the Bible '' man 's first storey . man 's birth storey '' . allegory , warning not to play God , to not repeat past mistake . she continue ransack cabinet . SAM why do they attack some people and not other ? what be they look for in a host ? ( a then ) why goat and not gannon ? why carmack and not destroyer ? there 's a alternative , Lucy 's the proof . ( more ) 84 . SAM ( cont would ) she carry chromosome 24 but she die protect she child , not devour it . JOHN maybe it have to destroy some people because it know something about what will happen if they be infect . she 's find surgical kit and drape , spinal kit . SAM the ten percent , the unidentified stealth DNA , when it be first discover , some scientist 's think it might be the genetic blueprint of the soul . swipe a research bench clear with she arm , send equipment fly . dump she gather supplies onto it . SAM ( cont no ) John , we can beat this . I be not say I be perfect . I be human , and any soul be complex , a mystery -- JOHN ( realize ) oe eno ..- nowee SAM we nre not like the animal carmack test first . mice be not good or evil , just instinctive . John realize where this be go : JOHN no , Sam -- SAM I have to try . we have to know . ( off he look ) if we do not do anything we die . she hand he a pair of surgical glove then move toward the Baron 's remain but he block she way . JOHN I be not go to let you inject some poisonous goddamn chromosome into you body -- 85 . SAM I can observe the process as they occur . monitor and record it . if I do not survive , send the data outside for some else to analyze . JOHN no . SAM they be go to need to study the cellular transition . the demon will find we soon , there be not time to argue . JOHN no ! ( and then ) it should be I . stun , Sam blink at she brother . JOHN ( cont would ) I be no saint , I have do some thing . you can not imagine . but it can not be you , you have get to be able to observe it . you can not observe it if it 's kill you . it have to be I . John unholster he gun , hand it to the reluctant sam. JOHN ( cont no ) one through my heart , one through my head , if it ... if I be not -- Sam refuse the gun . SAM I will not need it . ( then ) I know who my brother be . fade to : extreme close on : the baron' tongue heaving as a pair of glove hand grasp it , pull it from its residence in the Baron 's chest . fade to : 86 . extreme close on : john' back shrugge the uniform from he shoulder . expose batter muscularity . fade to : extreme close on : the baron 's tongue be skewer by a horizontal steel bar . it dangle from the bar , dribble genetic matter . fade to : extreme close on : a thick needle push in between two of the vertebrae of John 's lower back , until its entire length have be swallow . pull out to show that we be in -- int . the science lab where John lie , stomach down , on a stretcher . the spinal tap lead from he lower back to a clear plastic tube , which itself coil upward and hang from the Baron 's tongue . Sam pinch the tube , keep the clear fluid collect off the tongue from coursing into John 's spine . she 's surround he with diagnostic equipment to monitor he progress . SAM when this be over ? can we go on that vacation we think we be take , ten year ago ? JOHN White sandy beach and warm tropical breeze -- I promise , Sam ... Sam smile at she brother , maybe for the last time , and then release the iv valve . John wince as we ... zoom in to the iv bag , all the way to the molecular level , where we go close on a strand of DNA ... C - 24 . we follow this rogue chromosome as it suddenly flow through the clear tube , the syringe , and into JOHN 's spine , where it bond to he own DNA ... and then the replication begin . 87 . we commence a whirlwind ride through he body , each physiological system change as we pass it : take in C - 24 : blasting through the spinal column , speed through artery , the heart , the carotid , the brain stem , through the foramen magnum into the medulla oblongata , the cerebellum , the cerebral cortex , the optic nerve , the retina , cone , rod , lens , pupil and then it 's black , and we ... fade up on : int . science lab - 15 minute later John 's eye groggily open . he take a moment to reorient . sit up on the table , face that mirror over the sink . he look the same . almost . yes , something 's change ... as John raise a finger to he forehead -- he smooth forehead . JOHN Sam ..? my scar , it 's -- go . he turn , for she reaction . Bu 's no ere . and the infirmary be a wreck , medical supplies strewn , table upend , chair smashed against the wall . Sam be take from here by force . and she definitely do not go without a fight . as he frenziedly dig amid the debris for he weapon , ammo : JOHN ( cont have ) goddammit , Sam ! ... SAM ...! he gather up he gun , where they be flung -- then , armed for the apocalypse , slam home the clip to he pistol . he turn to face we with burn eye . we're in a low angle . when John take a step forward ... we zoom in through the sole of he foot , thus commence a whirlwind ride within he body : speed through artery , weaving between tibia and fibula , blast through the spinal column , more artery , the heart , the carotid , the brain stem , through the foramen magnum into the medulla oblongata , the cerebellum , the cerebral cortex , the optic nerve , the retina , cone , rod , lens , pupil and just that fast we be : live the moment we have be wait for ... the moment we become JOHN grimm . now we be the first person shooter . 88 . I weave through the darken corridor . a screech from a hallway to the leave . I spin , stand at the ready with my weapon aim . something be running toward I . only with several foot leave between we can I finally see it . a half - turn zombie . it 's upon I before it even realize I be there . I double - tap dead center of its chest and it fly back , disappear into the dark from whence it come . I proceed , and find it twenty foot down the tunnel , near death . I shoot it in the head as I pass . I do not slow down . a SOUND from another side corridor . I spin , gun train . nothing . be I hearing thing ? have I go cr -- a hideous howl , so close it sound like it 's inside my head . I crouch , spin . stand above I , have materialize from the direction I be head , be a obscene feminine demon . its viscous , venomous spittle spatter my visor . I wipe my hand_across_my visor . I jam my gun under its chin . blam ! as I walk past , I hear a scuttle . I spin , blast apart its disembodied tongue , which writhes on the floor . groan . spin again , blast apart another zombie . into a room . shadow in the corner . duck behind a pillar , blow away another zombie . chatter from the far doorway . blackness beyond . I reach into my belt , withdraw a flare . I snap it , toss it into the darkness . hissing of the flare somewhere in the tunnel ahead . then it light . for a millisecond the tunnel flood with a red burst . I see the flare , ahead . behind it , a dozen Zombies peer from the dark , babbling nightmarishly . but only for a millisecond -- then the flare die . pitch black . a zombie shriek . I fire blind , spraying the entire hallway with a arc of lead . I hear only scream . when again I see they , by the light of my muzzle flare , there be only several leave . but they continue , crawl over the body fall in front of they . weapon id low -- ammo -- warning . 89 . I pivot , drop down , pump the last shot into a wall - mount fire -extinguisher . it blow like a bomb , resultant shrapnel mow down all but one of they . we old friend . the arch - vile . I spin into a hallway and run . the arch - vile be fast ... I can hear it catch up . sprint . Light play off the wall , I catch glimpse of my own shadow . hoist a new weapon . there 's a hallway come up on my right . I speed up . Leap . Plant my leave foot on the wall -- then spring off , launch myself into the hall , firing all the way . the arch - vile turn the corner and catch my lead as I fly back . I land on my back , continue firing until I have mow off several of the arch - vile 's vestigial arm . and then my rifle run out of ammo . the arch - vile look at itself , at the smoking bullet hole in its abdominothorax . it snarl at I . I look to the time mine I drop during my leap . the one it 's stand right above . I shield my eye from the blast . I stand , heart racing . head back down the tunnel with plasma cannon in hand . the dark tunnel be eerily silent . empty . fork in the route . about to take one on the right when , muffle ... sam' voice John ?! my sister . I spin , hustle down the other corridor , toward the voice . the hallway lead to a big room fill with work bench and discard hardware . on the far side , a doorway . I be almost to the door , but a sound capture my attention . a chunky , mechanical whir . from the corner . I know that sound , it 's so familiar ... I follow and , rest on a bench in the middle of the clutter , there it be . pinky 's wheelchair . hanging upside - down , over the edge of a workbench . engine humming , wheel spinning . odd , but of no use to I . I turn to exit . which be when I hear a snort . I turn back -- and watch in horror as two meaty foreleg drop from under the wheelchair . the leg drop to the ground , get a foothold and pull forward . and the rest of the wheelchair come with it . 90 . before I now stand a hideous boar- like demon , but closer to the size of a rhino than a pig . and where its hindquarters should be , its leathery flesh be bond to the wheelchair ... this be pinky demon . and it recognize I . before I can react , a plume of steam blast from the chair -- and pinky demon charge I . butt I in the gut with a roar . I stumble back through machinery that tangles up my arm and slice at my skin . I scramble to my foot , look up to see he lower head inch from mine . everything go black . I come to , moment later , aware of a smacking SOUND . hazy , I look down , around my foot . where be that goddamn thing --? crunch ! right beside my head . I crane my head to see pinky tear away half my deltoid . pinky be eating I . I reach blindly with my right arm , grab a metal pipe . watch as pinky devour my tear - away flesh , wait patiently for he to take another mouthful of my shoulder . my heart pound as : pinky swallows my muscle , open he drip maw -- and I jam the pipe into he mouth and roll away . pinky howl , tear around the room in a wild attempt to free he jaw . his wheel spin , send he into a bizarre wheelie . I jump to my foot , search for something to use in self - defense . I decide on the chainsaw over there . I yank the chain and it roar to life . pinky 's hear the chainsaw , and cease he manic destruction of the room . now he idle front and center , stare I down . I rev the chainsaw . in response , pinky force he jaw very wide apart -- then he chomp down , send the pipe through he upper jaw and right out the top of its snout . he charge . the chainsaw , though ferocious , be unwieldy , hard to handle in close quarter combat . pinky butt I , knock I back . I swipe at he , saw in half the pipe protrude from he face . pinky roar , snap at my leg . I strafe leave , tear a massive gash in pinky 's muscular shoulder . he scream , leap at I . his front leg catch I in the chest before I can bring the chainsaw back up , and I crash to the ground . pinky bound off , smart enough to stay move . I get to my foot before he butt I again . my chainsaw skitter away . pinky tear away a portion of my calf . breathe hard , I grab a sledgehammer and crack he skull , send he tumble . 91 . I stand and , know this be my last chance , make a dash for the still - run chainsaw . I scoop it up with one hand and spin at the same time , just as pinky hurtle toward I . I swipe at he in mid-air , connect -- and send pinky plummete , along with the chainsaw , to the ground . pinky rights himself , set he foot , and ... can not move . he look around , confuse . steam billow from a deep fissure in the mechanic of the chair . I have severe the neuro-mechanic connection between machine and monster . a pathetic sight . I fetch a plasma cannon from the corner of the room . return to pinky 's side . I take a moment to look down at this creature , to process this as the end of we ten year of pain . then I end it . I hurry to the far door , and into a scene of incredible carnage . the elevator 's protective sheath be smashed , claw and chew upon . to either side , be a pile of dead demon . huge melted hole in the wall , GREEN plasma drip from they and from the body below they . above I , a fluorescent bulb flicker , and we match CUT to : int . elevator room - continuous a fluorescent bulb flicker , above , as John squint into the strobing gloom . he can make out a world of destruction and then , slowly , in addition to the man , who 's poise at the door to the elevator , he see a woman , propped in a corner . JOHN Sam ..? John cross to Sam 's side . she 's batter and bruise , she clothes tear and bloody . she peer up at he , and weakly : SAM the demon come -- for we , I lead they away from you ... JOHN do not talk -- please , rest -- interrupted by a harsh laugh from sarge . who 's get both elevator key now , and have just insert the first one . 92 . sarge '' Rest '' ? she need medical attention . as John turn from Sam to sarge , then back : SAM sarge ... save I ... JOHN save you ? or you key ? Sam do not answer -- she eye close , she slump down . sarge she need help . we have get to get she up to the surface . John hold out he open palm . JOHN give I she key . sarge do not you hear ? the demon be all dead . another step closer , John can start to make out sarge 's face . see that sarge 's forehead be swell , he jaw thicken . JOHN all but one . he raise he plasma gun , point it at sarge 's forehead . sarge it will not work , John . killing for peace be like fuck for chastity . sarge turn back to the door , start to insert Sam 's key . sarge ( cont would ) I try to be like a father to you . gambling on John 's compassion ... sarge unlock the door . JOHN you murder my father . my mother . sarge we be all murderer , here right ? you , I , goat and gannon , that 's what they pay we for . 93 . John 's get way too much blood on he uniform to refute this outright . so the two -- devil and angel -- be lock in a stare - down . sarge 's eye glow dim red . John 's have a thin glimmer white ring around the iris . almost ... a halo ? sarge ( cont no ) john. listen to I . you parent be gonna go public . flashback to : int . minivan ( submerge ) - night ( 10 year ago ) John struggle against Louis -- want more than anything to sacrifice himself , but he diminish vigor fail he . over : sarge '’s voice violate they security agreement . John inhale the last available breath from the bubble as he father 's limp hand fall away into the darkness below . sargeas voice ( cont no ) endanger carmack 's research . John grab : for he father 's hand , struggle against fate to hold they ... but come up only with Louis 's wedding ring . sargeas voice ( cont no ) the entire olduvaian project . a pane shatter . sarge 's dive down : he thrust he hand through the open window , grab a hank of John 's hair , pull . ext . riverbank - night with ebbing strength , sarge heave John onto the bank . John look back , down , into the water . can just make out the shadow of he parent submerge , trap in the minivan ... sarge's voice you parent stand in the way , not just of profit , but of progress . they could not be allow to do that . though hypothermic and half - drown , John try to dive back in . but sarge hug he , hold he , tell he ( we can not hear but we read he lip ) : '' it 's too late . they be go . '' CUT back to : 94 . int . elevator room - present sarge have turn from the elevator door to John as he speak . sarge you and Sam be not suppose to be in the van that night . I almost die , save you both -- JOHN that 's bullshit ! sarge what be I suppose to do ? disobey a direct order ? JOHN yes . sarge come on son , let 's go up . JOHN look at you hand . sarge grimace as bone fragment tear through knuckle to form a complementary set of new finger . JOHN ( cont would ) I can not let you go . sarge then shoot I ! now ! give I the dignity of a soldier 's death . do it ! John steady he plasma cannon , murmur . JOHN pray for War ... and fire , just as the fluorescent bulb blink off . when it blink back on , John take a step toward the scorched impact area . then stop . because ... there 's no body . a snarl . reaction time shorten , he spin as something fly from the darkness . hurl he backward . he land ten foot away , stand . sarge stand before he , he hand now completely mutate . slight tear in he skin across he chest . 95 . the physical change be few , so far , but it 's the attitude . this sarge be meaner . faster . and when he open he mouth ... he roar like a beast . John look to sarge , then to Sam , who have pull herself to she foot . back to sarge , then ...he rush for Sam . sarge howl , take off after he . in one motion , John grab Sam by the hand , forcibly tuck he pistol into she waistband , and irish whip she into the open elevator . she thud against the back wall , lose she air . John smack the '' up '' button on the lift shaft , then yank both key from they slot so that the command can not be halt . the lift start rise even before the door close fully , and John use this last window to look he sister in the eye . JOHN ( cont would ) if I be not the one who come out at the top ... shoot he . Sam nod , then scream as sarge hurtle into John from behind , bellowing . he swat at John , catch he upside the head and send he sprawling . in a desperate last attempt , sarge thrust he hand between the close door . the door grind to a halt , partially smash sarge 's arm . he howl , paw at the door . he manage to get he other hand in between the door , and with superhuman strength pry the door OPEN . he hold they open just long enough for John to body tackle he through the door , which slam shut behind they . the two be now seal in the empty elevator shaft , with the floor of the lift car slowly rise upward above they . sarge leap back to he foot and bellows . he punish John with pile-driver blow . John absorb they , hurt as any man would -- but bounce back unlike any man could . he grab sarge 's neck , pull he head back and ... crunch ! slam he forehead into sarge 's face . a sicken sound as sarge 's frontal bone be smashed inward , thrust he brow into he forehead . sarge howl , but John be relentless . he pummel sarge . John only falter -- surprised -- when he hear : 96 . weapon id uac special ops clearance verify . handle identification : sarge . John spin away but find himself stare down the business end of the bfg , throw a elbow at the weapon , jarring it ... a blast of plasma just miss John 's face . he kick sarge in the mouth , bloody tooth bounce off the wall of the lift as -- -- John wrench the bfg from sarge 's grip . but as he take aim , sarge be follow the plasma 's trajectory , stare at a basketball - size hole in the steel . its edge expand by the second as the bioforce degrade its molecular structure . thick pipe be clearly visible through the hole . bio Force plasma ooze down they length . now a small hole open in one pipe , a single drop of water dribble out . roll quietly into darkness below . then a tear of rending metal , and ... thousands of gallon pour into the shaft , a massive deluge . CUT to : int . elevator - same time Sam look expectantly to the iris door still many storey above . the elevator seem to be move as slowly as possible . she be distract , look down at she foot : tiny drop of water be seeping through the floorboard because now the shaft below she be totally full of water . CUT to : int . elevator shaft John rocket upward , claustrophobic and terrify to be in this situation after the horror that it have afforded he in the past . he can make out the bottom of the lift ... -- and be yank downward . he find himself stare sarge in the eye . sarge hold John 's leg in he oversize claw . he now simply look John in the face , bubbles rise from he putrid lip . the calm on he face make it all the more unnerve . small horn be burst through sarge 's forehead . 97 . sarge can breathe underwater . and John know it . poetic -- this be how the nightmare start , and this be how it end . John swallow a lung - full of water . a moment of anguish as he body fight it . then all be still . CUT to : int . elevator shaft - same as John 's body sink , sarge 's muscular frame blast upward . he can see the surface of the water above ; the lift have now elevate past the water level . like a torpedo he shoot toward up the shaft ... ccut to : int . elevator the Iris door start to slowly hiss OPEN a hundred foot above . Sam relax . thud . the floor shake . thud . again , and now the bottom of the lift be buckle . Sam hug the wall , aim the pistol ... crash ! sarge 's torso tear through the bottom of the elevator , catch Sam by surprise . sarge scream , whip he one free arm out . it shatter Sam 's knee . she drop the pistol . sarge try to free he lower body . Sam collect herself , summon every ounce of strength in she be . she circle to sarge 's trap leave side , and just start kicking the shit out of he face . SAM you take they all from I ! all of they ! I x11 kill you myself ! sarge scream , then wince as a beam of sunlight hit he face . he look up to the iris door , now almost entirely open and much closer . he see the door , and he see freedom . and he want it . every muscle in he body flext , and the metal trapping he tear . Sam step back , horrify at this display of strength . sarge begin to rise from the hole in the floor . fade to : 98 . image : John Grimm , eye close , face peaceful . reuniting with he parent for the first time in ten year . he sink ... and he eye spring OPEN . and we pull back , and realize that we be still in the present moment . and then we remember : John have the 24th chromosome too . JOHN can breathe underwater . he take a slow , deep , sustain breath -- of h20 , and launch upward . CUT to : int . elevator - same time sarge pull he batter lower body into the elevator . stands above the barely conscious Sam , bellow . but she 's not impressed . she fight she fight . her fate be seal and she accept it , close she eye . sarge roar , pull back a mighty paw ... and he eye go wide . we pan around he , to view John stand behind he , just emerge from the hole in the floor . a look of determination in he eye unlike any in human history . he hold a handful of sarge 's mane . John allow sarge a moment to comprehend the sudden reversal of predator / prey relationship ... then yank backward , throw sarge to he back . sarge try several time to get up , but John maintain he grip on the mane , slamming sarge 's head over and over into the steel . he drop a knee into sarge 's throat , pin the creature , grab he pistol from the floor . sarge try but can not free himself , he 's meet he match . JOHN +.. it 's over . neither a warrior 's death , nor a honorable one . but quick . John pull the trigger and boom ! fade to : 99 . int . wormhole chamber - a moment later John stand in front of the suspend teardrop , this portal to a strange planet in a solar system across the galaxy ... JOHN this be the way the world end . he toss a flash - bang grenade at the '' droplet , '' which swallow it . we be swallow with the grenade , into : int . wormhole a tunnel make of the very fabric of time / space -- it burst into flame , the travel fireball expands in heat and velocity , exponentially ... so by the time it reach ... int . central laboratory ( olduvai ) the fireball have attain the magnitude of a tactical nuclear bomb . the skeleton of Lucy and she child ... be vaporized . ext . olduvai lab - continuous the olduvai facility be totally consume by the explosion . the fireball scorch the rugge terrain around the lab . keep pulling back , as the fireball become no more than a hot speck then disappear completely , as we go higher and higher , look down on dry - up lake , denude forest , and then ... keep pulling back as we recognize continent , shallow ocean . keep pulling back , till we gaze upon the entire globe from a familiar perch in space . from space , it 's still blue , still beautiful ... hold on the planet the grimm name '' olduvai '' . we know it -- we know it -- as earth . CUT back to : int . grimm / lab wormhole chamber - same time on we end of the wormhole as the shockwave ricochet -- but not as a fireball . with the portal 's destruction , deep space fill the void . the sparse molecule ( insanely cold , between 100 kelvin and absolute zero ) blow through as a gas cloud . 100 . John have already take off , run for he life as the cloud follow closely -- instantly freezing everything in its path . the once - perfect crystalline catwalk and wall have already be reduce to a rubble of gore - fleck glass - like shard . John race across a landscape of human , demon , and that who could have be either but be now so much pulped carrion . in a moment all that body petrify into ice , then shatter . int . elevator - same time breathless , John barely make it back . Sam be curl up , pale and still , almost fetal . John scoops she into he arm as the lift ascend second ahead of the freezing cloud . JOHN ( into communicator ) uacm tactical six this be special ops , code be '' q '' level one . ( gently to Sam ) hang in there , Sam , we be gonna get help . I be not lose you again ... ext . grassy field - dawn the elevator break the surface , the lift door open . John step into a daylight brilliantly illuminate by two sun . the two sun tell we that we be on another planet . and have be from the start . John , for he part , have focus on : the several dozen soldier , who keep they distance from the iris door , and John . all aim they weapon at he . he stand here hold he sister as a pair of uacm commandos approach . weapon draw . commando who be you ? JOHN Adam .... and this be Eve . +..on the first leg of a journey to man 's new dawn , as we -- fade to black .