the blue brother by John landis & Dan aykroyd fade in : walking through the prison Jake be escort by two Guards down a jail hall . prisoner hey ! ! in the parole office guard one well , this be it . he open the door and all three of they enter the room . guard two what wing ? guard one maximum wing , block 9 . guard two Standard release ? guard one parole , 3 out of 5 , good behaviour . guard two gimme a minute ... he get Jake 's belonging . guard two one timex digital watch , break . one unused prophylactic . one soile . outside view of elwood pull up to the jail entrance . guard two one black suit jacket . one pair of black suit pants . one hat , black . one pair of sunglass . twenty three dollar and seven cent . sign here . Jake sign a " X " on the form . open credit start roll . song : " she caught the Katy " ( background music ) jake and elwood in the car jake what 's this ? elwood what ? jake this car . this stupid car . where 's the cadillac ? the caddy ? where 's the caddy ? elwoood the what ? jake the cadillac we use to have . the blue mobile ! elwoood I trade it . jake you trade the blue mobile for this ? elwood no . for a microphone . jake a microphone ? okay I can see that . well , what the hell be this ? elwoood this be a bargain . I pick it up at the mount prospect City Police auction last spring . it 's a old mount prospect Police car . they be practically give they away . jake well , thank you pal , the day I get out of prison , my own brother pick I up ina police car . fog horn and warning bell sound . elwood you do not like it ? jake no , I do not like it . elwood drive over a raise draw bridge . jake Cars get a lot of pick up . outside the elwoood it 's get a cop motor , a four hundred and forty cubic inch plant , it 's get cop tire , cop suspension , cop shock , it be a model make before catalytic converter so it will run good on regular gas . whaddya say ? be it the new blue mobile or what ? jake fix the cigarette lighter . orphanage jake what be we do here ? elwoood you promise you would visit the penguin the day you get out . jake yeah ? so , I lie to she . elwoood you can not lie to a nun . we gotta go in and visit the penguin . jake no fuck way ! inside the orphanage Jake and elwood go in and climb the stair until they reach a door . just before elwood knock on the door , a voice be hear from inside . they go in . nun who be it ? elwoood Jake and elwood . nun come in . the door shut behind they . nun hello boy , nice to see you . please , have a seat . Jack and elwood sit on seat at back of room . nun no no boy . come over here in front of I . I want to see you face . they shuffle up a bit closer . nun the county take a tax assessment of this property last month . they want five thousand dollar . elwood do not the church have to pay that ? nun they would if they be interested in keep the place , but they be not . the arch Bishop want to sell this building outright to the board of Education . elwood what 's gonna happen to you ? nun I will be send to the mission . jake forget it , five grand ; no problem , we will have it for you in the morning . let 's go elwood . nun no no ! I will not take you filthy steal money . jake well then , I guess you be really up shit creek . the nun hit Jake on the hand with a ruler . nun I beg you pardon what do you say ? jake I offer to help you . you refuse to take we money , then I say " I guess you be really up shit creek " she hit 's he again . elwood Christ Jake take it easy , man nun elwood ! she start hit they both as the language deteriorate . elwoood ah you fat penguin ! the ruler break and the nun reach for a sword . Jake and elwood go tumble down the stair . nun you be such a disappoint pair . I pray so hard for you . it sadden and hurt I that the two young man whom I raise to believe in the ten commandment have return to I as two thief , with filthy mouth and bad attitude . get out ! and do not come back until you have redeeme yourselves . she disappear back into she office and the door mysteriously close . curtis boy , you gotta learn not to talk to nun that way . Jake ! elwood ! jake & elwood curtis ! curtis hey , buy you boy a drink ? curtis' kitchen curtis boy , thing be bad . they be gonna sell this place to the board of education and I will be out on the street . that money 's gotta be in the cook County assessor office within 11 day . jake they would not turn you out would they ? curtis shit . what 's one more old nigger to the board of education ? elwood curtis , you and the penguin be the the only family we get . and you be the only one that be ever good to we . sing elmore James tune and blow the harp for we down here . curtis well , the sister be right . you boy could use a little churching up . slide on down to the triple rock and catch reverend cleophis . you boy listen to what he 's get to say . jake curtis , I do not wanna listen to no jive ass preacher talk to I about heaven and hell . curtis Jake , you get wise ! you get to church ! at the triple rock church Mc and now , this week sermon be from we beloved the reverend cleophis James . reverend jame and now people . and now people . when I wake up this morning , I hear a disturbing sound . I say , when I wake up this morning I hear a disturbing sound . what I hear be the jingle - jangle of a thousand lose soul . and I be talk about the soul of all the man and woman , depart from this life . wait a minute , the Lord say the soul of we here on earth be , secret of divine life , they will not find . because it 's too late ... too late yeah , too late for they to ever see again , the light they once choose not to follow , do not be lose when the time come . for the day of the Lord cometh , out of deep in the night . amen. amen . song : " the Old landmark " ( congregation sing and dance ) . elwoood Jake , you alright ? Ray of sunlight shine through the church onto Jake . jake the band ... ( louder ) the band ... reverend jame do you see the light ? jake ( louder ) the band ! reverend jame do you see the light ? elwoood what light ? reverend jame have you see the light ? jake yes , yes ! Jesus H. god damned bastard Christ , I have see the light ! Jake start dance with the other . jake the band elwood . the band ! elwood the band ?... the band . the band ? the band ! reverend jame praise God . elwood and God bless the United States of America . jake and elwood , in there car song : " soothe I " ( in the background . ) jake we will put the band back together , do a few gig , we get some bread . bang ! five thousand buck . elwoood yeah , well , get the band back together might not be that easy . jake what be you talk about ? elwood they split , they all take straight job . jake yeah so you know where they be . you say you be gonna keep in touch with they elwoood I get a coupla lead , a few phone number , but I mean , how many of they visit or even write you huh ? jake they be not the kinda guy who write letter . you be outside , I be inside , you be s'pose to keep in touch with the band . I keep ask you if we be gonna play again . elwoood well , what be I gonna do ? take away you be only hope ? take away the very thing that keep you go in there ? I take the liberty of bullshit you , okay ? jake you lie to I . elwood it be not lie , it be just bullshit . Jake and elwood be in the car , and go through a yellow traffic light . Police light flash in the rear view mirror . elwoood shit ! jake what ? elwoood roller . jake no ? elwoood yeah . jake shit . elwood pull over as direct and a officer approach the car . elwood what ? what do I do ? officer daniel you fail to stop at a red signal . elwood the light be yellow sir . officer daniel May I see you license please ? he take the license back to the squad car . jake goddamnit ! elwood man I have not be pull over in six month . I bet that cop have get scmod . jake scmod ? elwoood State , County , Municipal , offender , data , system . the two officer return to Jake and elwood 's car . officer daniel elwood , we show you license currently under suspension . step out of the car please . elwood start the car and drive off . the officer run back to they car and follow . jake first you trade the caddilac for a microphone , then you lie to I about the band , now you be gonna put I right back in the joint . elwoood they be not gonna catch we . we be ona mission from God . jake elwood ! officer mount ( into cb ) we be in high speed pursuit northbound on cortlen Avenue . Black and white 1974 dodge sedan with illinio plate . request assistance . elwood turn into a parking lot . officer pursue . elwood it would be alright if we could just get back on the expressway . jake this do not look like no expressway to I ! elwoood do not yell at I . jake what the hell do you want I to do motorhead ? elwood well , try not to be so negative all the time . why do not you offer some constructive criticism ? jake you get we into this parking lot pal , so you get we out . elwoood you want outta this parking lot ? okay . inside shopping mall , " toy R US ' ' shop lady will there be anything else ? customer yes , do you have a miss piggy ? car speed through toystore and continue on through the rest of the mall . two squad car follow , the original and a backup . jake hanson burger . elwoood yeah . lot of space in this mall . jake disco dance hair cut . elwoood yeah . baby clothes . jake this place have get everything . elwood New oldsmobile be in early this year . elwoood pier one import . backup officer oh shit ! backup squad car land on it 's roof and stop . backup officer they break my watch ! first squad car crash too . Jake and elwood escape through a shop window to outside . officer mount I be gonna catch that sucker , if it 's the last thing I ever do ! song : " Peter gunn theme " outside elwood place elwood Nice place , huh ? mystery woman blow up the front door with a rocket launcher . Jake and elwood recover and go inside . elwoood hey Sam ... hey Lloyd , anybody call for I on the phone ? lloyd no , no call . some guy leave this card . cop. Said he would be back . elwoood this here 's my brother Jake . he just get outta the joint . he 's gonna be stay with I for a few week . lloyd oh ok ... old man do you get I my cheese whiz , Boy ? elwood toss a can of cheeze whiz to the old man . elwood room elwood well , it be not much , but it 's home . jake how often do the train go by ? elwood so often you will not even notice it . jake how you gonna get the band back together , Mr hot-roder ? the cop get you name , you address . elwood no , they do not get my address . I falsify my renewal . put down 1060 West addison . jake 1060 West addison ? that 's wrigley field . elwood I gotta hit the sack . notice Jake asleep in he bed . elwoood hey you sleaze , my bed ! elwood sleep in a chair . the next morning mercer this , gentleman , be the elegant abode of one elwood blue . officer mount thanks for you help Mr mercer . mercer you know , I kinda like the wrigley field bit . officer mount yeah , real cute . they enter the building and go to elwood door . mercer stand back . as Mr. mercer kick the door in , the mystery woman flick the switch on she remote control , and the whole building blow up . Jake and elwood get up and brush themselves off . elwood it 's almost nine o'clock . we gotta go to work . mrs . torantino's house jake Mrs. Toronto ? mrs . torantino torantino . jake ma'am , do you have a Thomas malone or Louis marini live here ? mrs . torantino not any more they move out a long time ago . I do not take in border , not for a long time . elwood May we come in mar 'am ? they enter . they return they . the holiday mrs . torantino please . jake do they leave a forward address ? a phone number ? mrs . torantino no . elwoood do they live quietly ? what be there personal habit ? mrs . torantino they be good boy , but they make a lot of racket at night . be you the police ? elwood no mar 'am . we be musician . to the car and prepare to leave . Mrs torantino chase mrs . torantino Mr. man ! Mr. man ! Mr. man ! jake yes , mar 'am ? mrs . torantino they leave this card , maybe it help you ? inn - the armada room Murph and the Magic tone be play to a almost empty room . MURPH thank you . you marvellous . you marvellous . thank you . I be Murph and this be the Magic tone . Steve " the colonel " cropper , Donald duck Dunn , Willie " too Big " Hall and Tom " Bones " malone . we will be back with the Magic tone for the Armada room 's two hour disco swing party after this short break . til then , do not you go change . they all meet Jake and elwood at one of the table . willie so Jake , you be out , you be free , you be rehabilitated , what 's next what 's happen , whatcha gonna do ? you get the money you owe we motherfucker ? elwood look let 's just get something straight here . the reason he get lock in the slammer in the first place be for stick up a gas station to cover you guy . donald you be kid ! elwoood he pull that job to pay for the band room service tab from that chiwanous gig in pol city . steve he do ? jake that 's right , so I do not wanna hear anymore of this small change shit . elwood we be put the band back together . jake you be the backbone . the nerve centre of a great rhythm and blue band . you can , make that live , breath and jump again . Murph and the Magic tone ? look at you in that candy ass monkey suit . and I think I have it bad in joliet . willie at least we get a change in clothes sucker , you be wear the same shit you have on three year ago . donald Jake be not lie though . we have a band powerful enough to turn goat piss into gasoline . tom but we will never get that fab sound again , not without some more horn . we will never get Mr. fabulous . jake where be he ? MURPH forget it . Mr fabulous be the top matre would at the chez Paul . he 's pull down six bill a week . steve yeah and Matt Murphy up and get himself marry . elwoood where be Matt guitar Murphy ? tom he open a soul food restaurant with he old lady on maxwell Street , and he take Blue Lou with he . willie you will never get Matt and Mr fabulous outta they high pay gig . jake oh yeah ? well I and the Lord . we get a understanding . elwood we be on a mission from God . chez paul restaurant mr . fabulous ( into phone ) mainly french cuisine . no sir , Mayor Daly no longer dine here . he 's dead sir . private dining room be available . he see Jake walk in with elwood . mr . fabulous oh no ! I think it be suppose to be five year . do not you get five year ? back into the phone . mr . fabulous ah no sir , not you . and you name sir ? ritsolo for eight at 11:30 . thank you . jake Mr. fabulous , how marvellous it be to see you . you be look young than ever . mr . fabulous wait , you guy can not come in here . jake nonsense my dear fellow , my brother and I have come to dine to celebrate my early release from the service of the state . mr . fabulous wait , let 's talk outside . let 's have a cup of coffee outside . jake why heaven no ! we seek a full meal and all the compliment of the house . come elwood let we adjourn ourselves to the nearest table and overlook this establishment board of fare . they enter the dining room as the phone ring . mr . fabulous ( into phone ) good evening , chez Paul . now talk to Jake and elwood . mr . fabulous wait ! hey ! ( into phone ) ah , sir , would you mind call back in about five minute please ? Jake and elwood seat themselves at a table . at reception two customer have miss out on they table . mr . fabulous ( to the couple who miss out on the table ) I be sure we will have a table for you in just a few minute . Jake and elwood be ignore until Jake whistle very loudly . mr . fabulous ( to customer ) Excuse I , will not you ? jake give we a bottle of you finest champagne , five shrimp cocktail , and some bread for my brother . waiter we have a Don perignon ' 71 at $ 120 . jake that will be fine pal . mr . fabulous come on , seriously you guy , the food here be really expensive . the soup be fuck ten dollar . come on let 's go outside . I will buy you a cup of coffee . jake we be put the band back together . mr . fabulous forget it . no way . elwood we be on a mission from god . Jake and elwood 's food arrive . mr . fabulous hold it , hold it . what 's this ? customer waiter ! Sir ! please , waiter ! mr . fabulous yes sir . how be you salad ? customer the salad be fine . it 's just that , we would .. we would like to move to another table , away from that two gentleman . mr . fabulous why ? have they be disturbing you ? customer no . it 's just that .. well frankly , they be offensive . smell . I mean they smell bad . mr . fabulous Excuse I sir , I will see if I can locate another table for you . customer thank you . Jake and elwood wine arrive . the wine waiter attempt to serve it . waiter wrong glass , sir . Jake move over to the customer table . jake how much for the little girl ? the woman ? how much for the woman ? customer what ? jake you woman . I want to buy you woman . the little girl , you daughter . sell they to I . sell I you child ! customer maitre would ' ! maitre would ! mr. fabulous ( to Jake ) cut it out . cut it out . the owner be gonna ask I to call the cop . jake you would not do that to I would ya man ? elwoood he just get outta jolliet , he 's on parole . you can not call the cop on he man . jake we be put the band back together . mr . fabulous I say no . absolutely not . jake ( to customer ) yo ! how much for you wife ? ( to Mr. fabulous ) we be put the band back together . we need ya man , we need you horn . mr . fabulous I can not , I really can not . elwoood we get everybody but Matt guitar Murphy and Blue Lou and we be get they next . mr . fabulous no way . jake if you say no , elwood and I will come here for breakfast , lunch and dinner every day of the week . mr . fabulous okay , okay , I will play . you get I . Jake and elwood leave . Mr. fabulous sit down at they table . customer sir? sir. sir. sir! sir? nazi demonstration nazi leader White Men ! White woman ! the swastika be call you . the Jew be use the black as muscle against you . and you be leave there helpless . well , what be you go to do about it , whitey ? just sit there ? of course not . you , be go to join with we . the member of the american , Socialist , White people party . a organisation of decent , law abide white folk . just like you . I pledge allegiance to Adolf Hitler . nazis I pledge allegiance to Adolf Hitler . nazi leader the immortal leader of we race . nazis the immortal leader of we race . nazi leader and to the order for which he stand . nazis and to the order for which he stand . nazi leader one great cause . nazis one great cause . nazi leader Sacred and invincible . nazis Sacred and invincible . Jake and elwood be catch in a traffic jam cause by the Nazis . jake ( to a patrol Officer ) hey , what 's go on ? officer ah , that bum win there court case so they march today . jake what bum ? officer the fuck Nazi party . elwoood illinio Nazis ! jake I hate illinio Nazis . nazi leader Heil Hitler ! nazis Heil Hitler ! elwood drive the car up to the bridge and towards the Nazis . nazi leader tenhuit ! elwood speed up . the Nazis be force to jump into the water below . nazi leader perpen fuhrer ? perpen fuhrer yes Sir ! nazi leader perpen fuhrer get that car licence plate number . we be gonna kill that son of a bitch . soul food cafe Jake and elwood enter and sit at the counter . aretha help you boy ? elwood you get any white bread ? aretha yes . elwoood I will have some toast white bread please . aretha you want butter or jam on that toast honey ? elwoood no mar 'am , dry . jake you get any fry chicken ? aretha best damn chicken in the state . jake bring I four fry chicken and a Coke . aretha you want chicken wing or chicken leg ? jake four fry chicken and a Coke . elwood and some dry white toast please . aretha you all want anything to drink with that ? elwoood no mar 'am . jake a Coke . aretha be up in a minute . she go back to the kitchen . aretha we get two honkie out there dress like hacedic diamond merchant . matt say what ? aretha they look like they be from the CIA or something . matt what they want to eat ? aretha the tall one want white bread , toast , dry with nothing on it . matt elwood ! aretha and the other one want four whole fry chicken and a Coke . matt and Jake ! shit , the blue Brothers ! Matt go out into the cafe . matt hi Jake . jake Matt . how you do ? matt hi elwood . how ya do ? how be joliet . jake oh it be bad . Thursday night they would serve a wick pepper steak . matt can not be as bad as the cabbage role at the terra - phelevo Penn . elwood or that oatmeal at the cook County slammer . matt well they be all pretty bad . jake Matt , I and elwood , we be put the band back together . we need you and Blue Lou . matt oh man . do not talk that way round here . my old lady , she will kill I . elwoood ma'am you gotta understand that this be a lot bigger than any domestic problem you might be experience . aretha Matt , what the hell be he talk about ? matt do not get rouse sugar . aretha do not you " do not get rouse sugar " I ! now you not go back on the road no more , and you be not play no more two bit sleazy dive . you be live with I now , and you be not gonna go slide around with you old white hoodlum friend . matt but babe , this be Jake and elwood . the blue Brothers . aretha the blue Brothers ! shit , they still owe you money , fool ! jake ma'am , would it make you feel any better if you know that what we ask Matt here to do be a holy thing ? elwoood you see , we be on a mission from God . aretha do not you blaspheme in here ! do not you blaspheme in here ! now this be my man and my restaurant and you two be gonna just walk right out that door , without ya dry white toast , without ya four fry chicken and without Matt guitar Murphy . matt now listen to I . I love you , but I be the man and you the woman . and I will make the decision concern my life . aretha you better think about what you be say . you better think about the consequence of you action . matt oh shut up woman ! song : " think " , sung by aretha with customer back and dance Matt undoe he apron and drop it on the floor as he leave . matt let 's boogie . Blue Lou look at they leave . aretha ( to Blue Lou ) well , go ahead dammit . he leave . aretha shit! curl up and dye beauty salon " mystery woman " be read the instruction booklet for the flame thrower she use later in the movie . ray' music exchange the band look around the shop . elwood find a electric toaster and pull a slice of white bread out of he jacket . ray pardon I , but we do have a strict policy concern the handle of the instrument . a employee of Ray 's Music Exchange must be present . now , may I help you ? jake Ray , it 's I . joliet Jake . I once rent some column speaker from you for my band , the blue Brothers . MURPH hey Ray it 's I Murph of Murph and the Magic tone . remember I ? I buy three fender amp . ray oh we sell a lot of amplifier . MURPH not like this they be beautiful . upholster with thick red shag . ray oh right , right . I remember now . as a matter of fact I buy ‘em all back for $ 350 a piece . MURPH 350 ? I pay $ 800 each not six month ago . ray oh well you know depreciation man . jake Ray we be here to buy stuff . we need pianos , amp , mike the work . a boy attempt to steal a guitar in the background - Ray pull out a pistol and fire into the wall above the boy head . ray now go on ! git ! it break my heart , a boy that young goin ' bad . Murph notice a electric piano . MURPH tell I a little about this electric piano , Ray . ray ah you have a good eye my man . that 's the best in the city of Chicago . jake how much ? ray two thousand buck and it 's yours . you can take it home with you . as a matter of fact I will through the black key in for free . jake two thousand for this chunk o'shit ? come on Ray . MURPH I mean really Ray , it 's use , there 's no action leave in this keyboard . Ray come out from behind the counter and sit at the piano . ray Excuse I , I do not think there 's anything wrong with the action on this piano . song : " tailfeather " , Ray Charles , blue Brothers dance . jake ok man , we will take this axe . ray naturally , and as usual , I gotta take a I - owe - you . but I like smoke propane they pull into a roadside resturaunt everyone get out of the car jake you guy go on inside get yourselves a bite . I have gotta make a phone call . mr. fabulous now Jake , do this phone call concern we first gig ? jake have I ever lie to you ? Jake and elwood walk away , towards a pay phone . elwoood what be we gonna do man ? we get no gig . jake how much money you get ? elwoood I get a quarter . jake it 's enough for a phone call , come on . Jake and elwood enter the phone booth , together . jake what be you do elwood ? elwoood you say we be gonna make a call . jake I say I be gonna make a call . elwood who you gonna call Jake ? jake remember maurie sline ? elwood sline ? the book agent ? what about he ? jake well , he get we some good showcase in the old day . he get we the Morgan Park , he get we the tic tock , I get he laid , he owe I . elwoood give it a shot . " mystery woman " drive up and attack phone booth with flame thrower . there 's a gas tank next to the booth label " no smoke propane " . the explosion launch the phone booth into the air , with Jake and elwood in it , and then smashes to the ground . car drive off . coin be scattered all over the ground from the phone . elwoood hey Jake , there 's gotta be at least seven dollar worth of change here . nazi head quarter head Nazi be at desk . 2nd Nazi knock on door . nazi leader yeah ? 2nd nazi Sir . nazi leader what would you find out ? 2nd nazi okay . I call a friend at the motor vehicle department . that licence plate be like a rash all over the computer . the car belong to a know traffic menace . they drive be wrigley nazi leader what 's he name ? 2nd nazi his name be elwood blue . he 's get a record a mile long . and , he 's a catholic . nazi leader do you get he address ? 2nd nazi of course . 1060 West addison . nazi leader let 's go . out to the address , 1060 West addison . it turn out to field , home of the cub Baseball team . nazi leader ( to group ) anybody with that kind of record be gonna make a mistake . I want all party member in the try state district to monitor the city , county and state police on there cb . Mr. blue be gonna fuck up . and when he do , he would better pray the police get to he before we do . bob' country bunker the band be Jake see a they arrive . drive along a dark , quiet road . mr . fabulous alright man , we have be in this car for three hour now . where the hell be this place ? jake I tell you it would take a little while to get there . MURPH what 's the name of the place ? jake ah ... the name of the place ... neon sign ahead with the name of a bar on it . jake be ah ... Bob 's country bunker . here we be . elwoood Bob 's country bunker ? mr. fabulous Jake , the sign say " tonight only the good ole ' boy " . jake blue Brothers . it should read " tonight only the blue Brothers triumphant return " . must be some kind of mistake . you guy unload the stuff . elwood , come with I . Jake and elwood head for the bar . claire well now what can I get you boy ? be ya thirsty , ya hungry , or you just drive through ? maybe you would like a beer or something a little harder ? hey , you know we happen to make the state best pepper steak . jake no thank you mar 'am . we may be suck back a few beer a little later on . we will be here all night . you see , we be the band . claire you be ? oh , gee , that 's nice . ( to Bob ) hey Bob !! this be the band ! bob alright ! elwood er ... what kind of music do you usually have here ? claire oh , we get both kind . we get country , and western . elwoood Jake , be you sure this be the place ? jake yeah , yeah , sure , sure . this be the place . Bob walk up to they . bob hi. you the good ole ' boy ? jake that 's we . the rest of the band out in the parking lot get we stuff together . bob well I be sure glad to have you boy here . I be Bob and this here be my place . jake well its a beautiful place Bob . the rest of the band walk in with the gear . bob I guess you boy wanna get you steel guitar and everything set up on the stage do not ya . Claire get over there and turn that stage light on and get this boy go up there . the light go on and Lou notice the stage be screen off with chicken wire . Lou Chicken wire ? later on , a good size crowd have gather and redneck be talk and drink . elwood have a song list with request on it . elwoood man , I do not think we know any of the song on this list . jake oh this list do not mean anything , they be just request . we be a regular set . MURPH gimme some lovin . 1 , 2 ... jake 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 . elwood good evening lady and gentleman we be sure glad to be here in cocomo tonight . we be the good ole ' blue Brothers , boy , band from Chicago . I sure hope you like we show . I be elwood , this here 's my brother Jake . song : " gimme some lovin " the crowd start yell at the band and hurl bottle at the stage like crazy . there 's a shower of glass smash against the chicken wire . in a back room bob that be not no hank Williams song . he come out and switch the stage light off . MURPH I think you hit the light ! willie maybe they blow a fuse ? Lou I do not think so man . that light be off on purpose . elwoood okay . we gotta figure out something this people like and fast . MURPH hey I get it . remember the theme from rawhide ? elwood the old favourite . rowdy yate . MURPH what key ? donald a . blue country key . elwoood rawhide in A. song : " theme from rawhide " the crowd be passify , the light come back on . they finish the song . elwood theme from the tv show rawhide . thankyou . jake now we would like to do a favourite of the horn section . we hope it 's one of yours . song : " stand by you man " jake well folk it 's time to call it a night . do what you feel and keep both foot on the wheel . you do not have to go home but you can not stay here . so till next time ... song : " theme from rawhide " jake ( to the band ) let 's get the hell outta here . they start pack up , Bob approach Jake and elwood . bob shit I be gonna tell you boy that 's some of the best goddamn music we have have in the country bunker in a long time . elwoood well uh ... sorry we could not remember the wreck of the Old 97 . bob oh , well , hell you guy can learn it next time well ya come back . jake Bob , about we money for tonight . bob that 's right . uh $ 200 , and you boy drank $ 300 worth of beer . elwood uh , well , like , when we first come in the bar lady never charge we for the first round so like we figure you know beer be like complimentary for the band , you know . bob uh , hu hu , uh - uh . Bob shake he head . jake well , I '1l just go and take up a collection from the boy . bob well , I tell ya , I sure would appreciate it . Jake and elwood head out to the car . the band be talk about the gig . willie I say this trip be no where man . I say we gotta quit . MURPH what ? quit ? well I wish you guy would make up you mind . otherwise I have gotta call Mr. ronzinni at the holiday in and get we old gig back . steve back at the Armada room ? jake ( approach the band ) listen . they want we to pay for the beer we drank , so you guy better split . the next gig be gonna be dynamite , huge , you will see . willie I say we give the blue Brothers just one more chance . donald why not ? if the shit fit , wear it . get into he car . donald scoot over goddammit . the band leave . elwood the boy look a little upset . hey man , do not worry , we get a coupla day . we will get the penguin tax money . I mean look , we get a appointment to see Mr. sline tomorrow . everything 's gonna be alright . let 's skate . a rv pull into the parking lot . jake goddammit . Jake and elwood walk towards the rv as the good ole boy be get out . jake Excuse I gentleman be you the good ole boy ? leader yeah , that 's right , I be tucker mcelroy , lead singer , driver of the winnebago . listen I would like to talk to you son but be run very late . Jake hold up a crunch cigarette packet very quickly as though it be a id bage of some kind . jake my name be Jacob stein , the american federation of musician Union local 200 . I have be send here to see if you gentleman be carry you permit . leader we what ? jake you Union card . May I see you card please ? leader s'pose we be not get no union card and we go in there and start play anyway . now what you gonna do about that ? you gonna stop we ? stein ? you be gonna look pretty funny try to eat corn on the cob with no fuck tooth . jake listen , let I talk to Bob , the owner , see if we can put you band on contract waiver for tonight . I do not want you to move from this spot . just let I handle this . elwoood we will uh ... we will talk to Bob . Jake and elwood slowly retreat as Bob come out to the parking lot . elwood go jake get in the car and start she up . to the car , Jake go over to Bob . bob you know you boy owe I a lot over money for that beer you drank tonight goddammit . jake Bob , we love play here tonight . my brother 's write out a american Express traveller cheque to cover the extensive bar tab . bob well , I sure would appreciate it . jake I would better check up , see how he 's do , see I have to sign it too . I usually sit in the car and write it out on the glove compartment lid . okay ? Jake walk towards the car and feel he jacket pocket . jake need a pencil ! Jake get in the car , elwood start it and they drive off . the good ole boy rush over to Bob . leader be they guy from the union ? bob Union ? what the hell union . that boy skip outta here owe I a lot of money for beer . notice they costume . bob what the hell be you guy all dress up for ? leader we be the good ole boy ! bob you be the good ole boy ! Jake and elwood be in the blue mobile - Bob and good ole boy in the winnebago follow in the distance . leader shit . Bob fire a shot through there back windshield . elwoood we lady of bless acceleration do not fail I now . behind a billboard two trooper , Daniel and mount , have set up a road watch . Jake and elwood drive by . trooper daniel I do not believe it . it 's that shit - box dodge again . trooper mount bastard be ours now . squad car pull out with siren blaring and light flash , but crash into the pursuant winnebago . the rv do a roll and knock over a fire hydrant . they all climb out of wreckage . the trooper pull gun on the good ole boy . trooper daniel boy , you be in big trouble . sauna scene Jake , elwood and Mr. sline in a sauna . jake maurie , you owe I . we will play anywhere , anytime for anybody . elwood put we in the double up Lounge or the Morgan Park theatre , or the Crystal . we always knock they dead in that joint . maurie I do not know boy . I just do not know . Times have change you know what I mean . what be you guy gonna do ? the same act ? wearing the same fracuctus suit . you will scare people away . do not you guy ever wear blue jeans or jumpsuit like Wayne cochran or CC rider ? jake maurie , you gotta come through for we . we need 5000 buck fast . maurie 5000 buck ? who do you think you be ? the Beatles ? hey , you know the size of hall you gotta work to take in that kinda money , huh ? jake we will fill any hall in the country . maurie you guy familiar with the Palace Hotel ballroom ? jake never hear of it . maurie Nice place up north . built in the 40' on Lake wazzapamani . that seat 5000 . you guy fill that place , you can make 5000 buck easy . jake Book we for tomorrow night . maurie hold it , hold it . tomorrow night ? what be ya talk about ? a gig like that , you gotta prepare the proper exploitation . elwood I know about that stuff , I have be exploit all my life . maurie uh forget it , there 's no way with you guy forget about it . jake say uh , how Mrs. sline ? I might have some information she would like to know . maurie you blackmail I Jake ? jake if you want to put it that way . maurie we need this gig ! elwood we be on a mission from God ! jake you get we the hall maurie and I guarantee we will pack them in from mile around . whaddya say ? maurie okay . I will get ya the Palace Hotel . I will print up showbill , I will make the place look real pretty okay ? I do not think you guy be gonna gross dollar one , but if you do , I want a taste of the gig , okay ? jake okay . let 's go boy . camera angle go wide to show the whole band be also in the sauna . they get up and leave . curtis talk to the kid at the orphanage . curtis listen , you boy hear I talk about Jake and elwood . well now they use to live here just like you . and I use to sing to they just like with you . tonight , Jake and elwood be go out to sing and play to raise the money to help you child . you lazy butt be in this too . so get up on that wagon . we be goin ' up north to put the word to the street . Jake and elwood have attach a giant megaphone to the roof of they car and be drive around town to advertise the gig . elwood tonight only , the fabulous blue Brothers . Rhythm and blue review . the Palace Hotel ballroom . Route 16 . Lake wazzapamani . the fabulous blue Brothers show band and review . kide check it out , check it out . tonight only from Chicago the blue Brothers rhythm and blue review . one night only , the fabulous ... elwood . blue Brothers show band , and review . you , on the motorcycle !... you two girl , tell you friend . jake ( to elwood ) free parking . elwood free parking . 2 dollar cover charge only folk . that 's a lot of entertainment . jake ( to elwood ) for two dollar . elwoood for two dollar . little kid ( speak to aretha at the soul food café ) will you please put this in the window lady cos it 's real important ? elwoood tonight only . from Chicago . the fabulous blue Brothers rhythm and blue review for you dance pleasure ... lot of pretty woman walk along the lake front . elwood ... and it 's lady night tonight at the Palace Hotel ballroom . in a man 's room , write on the wall ... tucker mcelroy tonight only the blue Brothers genuine rhythm and blue review . place Hotel ballroom tonight only . elwoood how we do ? jake well so far we have cover Lake , mchenry and part of page ( ?? ) County . elwoood good , let 's get to the gig . the car choke and splutter . jake what be it ? elwoood we be outta gas . jake oh shit . palace HOTEL ballroom MURPH oh a classic . what a room . this place be gonna swing tonight . mr . fabulous it 's a fuck barn . we will never fill it . curtis we have gotta fill this hall tonight . a lot of young child be depend on it . steve Young child ? why , whaddya mean ? gas station owner we be outta gas . elwood yep , mind if we fill er up ? owner nope . I say we be outta gas . tanker truck late . shoulda be here two hour ago . it 's always late on thursdays . elwoood well uh ... I will guess we will have to wait . owner yeah . a sport car with a blond female driver pull up to the station . blonde ( to elwood ) Excuse I sir , yes you , could you fill it up with premium please and check under the hood . elwood , stuff he jacket full of five - finger discount fan belt , look at the blonde and point to himself as if to say " who I ? " . blonde yes , you ! elwood sure ... you uh want I should uh ... wash the dead bug of the windshield ? blonde oh no do not worry . I be in kind of a hurry . back at the palace HOTEL curtis where in the hell be they ? back to the gas station elwood so uh ... maybe you would like to uh come by and see the show ? blonde oh , I be awfully sorry , but I do have a prior dinner engagement . the tanker pull in . CUT to : police station someone hand in a flyer with for the gig . mr . mercer thanks marvin . he read the poster , talk into the phone . mr . mercer Debbie , get I trooper Daniel and mount . CUT to : palace HOTEL ballroom Bob and the good ole boy be in the audience carry baseball bat . bob I do not see that blue Brothers . tucker we will wait . meanwhile , back at the gas station . elwood okay , you be all set . that will be ... 94 dollar . blonde here 's $ 95 . thank you elwood . elwood okay and uh.. that 's a dollar change . blonde oh , keep the change . elwood oh thanks . uh ... so look uh , if you be date do not work out tonight for any reason uh , there 's a motel up on the interstate , uh maybe we could say uh meet ... around uh midnight ? blonde I will think about it elwood , okay ? elwoood yeah . bye . she drive off . Jake look at he watch and realise the time . jake son-of-a-bitch . he hit elwood . jake come on ! elwoood owww ! back in the palace HOTEL ballroom the audience be become impatient . willie I always like to perform for angry mob . curtis can not quit now . MURPH what can they be do ? Jake and elwood park the car in a storm drain tunnel near the ballroom . jake oh . my head hurt . that nitrate a mean wine . elwoood you would better get right pal , we have get a show to do . then we gotta figure out some way to collect the gate money and get it to the cook county assessor office , as soon as they open in the morning . back at the palace HOTEL ballroom the audience be chant : audience we want the show ... we want the show ... we want the show .. mr . fabulous gentlemen , I be leave . willie damm . we be so close . curtis hey , you guy know minnie the moocher ? MURPH I know a hooker once name minnie mizola ? curtis no , the song minnie the moocher . steve yeah . so what ? curtis hit it . song : " minnie the moocher " throughout the song , Jake and elwood sneak up to the hotel . they come across the winnebago . elwood enter and glue down the accelerator . elwoood this be glue . strong stuff ! the song end . Police officer arrive in the audience . trooper daniel okay . let 's take they . mr. mercer now wait a minute . we have not even hear this boy sing . alright ? trooper daniel alright . they be not go no place . mr . mercer alright . cover all exit . let 's go . come on hurry up . move it . meanwhile , Jake and elwood get into the ballroom through the lady room amongst lot 's of scream . elwoood Excuse we . jake good evening lady . in the audience mr . mercer ( to trooper ) who want a orange whip ? Orange whip ? Orange whip ? ( to a nearby Officer ) Three orange whip . Jake and elwood make a entrance . on stage curtis spot Jake and elwood and get the all clear to start the intro . curtis and now lady and gentleman , it be the distinct pleasure of the management to present to you , the evening 's star attraction . here they be back after they exclusive three year tour of Europe , scandinavia and the sub continent . wo not you welcome from calumet City illinio , the show band of joliet Jake and elwood blue ... the blue Brothers . Jake and elwood enter the stage during the brass section of the intro music , and and Jake do a cartwheel and land besides elwood right on cue with the last beat of the song ... the audience be deathly quiet . jake 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 . band start play " everybody need somebody to Love " . elwood we be so glad to see so many of you lovely people here tonight . we would especially like to welcome all the representative of illinio ' law enforcement community who have choose to join we here at the place Hotel ballroom at this time . we certainly hope you all enjoy the show and remember people that no matter who you be and what you do to live , thrive and survive , there 's still some thing that make we same . you , I , they everybody , song : " everybody need somebody to Love " jake thank you . that be for Wilson be dedicated to the late great song : " sweet Home Chicago " the great escape half way through the " sweet Home Chicago " , back stage . they be meet there by a record all the everybody . picket . this magic sound . Jake and elwood go off agent . jake it look like the mafia be out there . agent you guy be great . I have gotta record you . jake bullshit ! agent bullshit ? I do not bullshit . I be president of clarion record the large recording company on the eastern sea board . jake so what ? agent here 's 10,000 dollar . a advance on you first recording session . he hand over the cash . agent be it a deal ? jake yeah , sure it 's a deal . elwoood yeah , yeah , sure .. . sure it 's a deal . ah listen all this cop out here , they be sorta wait for we . we gotta get outta here without nobody see we . do you know a back door outta this place ? agent sure . I use to be head bouncer here back in the 70' . there 's a electrical service duct right behind you drummer riser . jake listen , do we a favour . take 1400 dollar and give it to Ray Music Exchange in calume city . give the rest to the band . agent you get it . jake thanks . bye . elwoood bye . agent bye . Jake and elwood crawl on to the stage and get into the service duct . Jake get 's willies attention . jake I and elwood be gonna make a break for it . you and the band keep play . in the audience trooper daniel something 's wrong . mr . mercer where 's Jake ? tucker ( to good ole boy ) where would that blue Brothers go ? in the sewer elwood I sure hope this thing lead some place . jake elwood . we be go man . the " mystery woman " loosen off a round of machine gun fire . they hit the ground . elwood who be that girl ? woman well Jake . you like just fine down there , slithering in the mud like vermin . jake ( to elwood ) no problem . woman you be not gonna get away from I this time . she fire again ... still miss they . in the ballroom Mr. mercer hear the gunshot . mr . mercer ( to officer ) check that out . let 's go . come on . back in the sewer jake ( to woman ) it 's good to see you sweetheart . woman you contemptible pig . I remain celebate for you . I stand at the back of a cathedral , wait in celibacy for you , with 300 friend and relative in attendance . my uncle hire the best romanian caterer in the state . to obtain the seven limousine for the wedding party my father use up he last favour with mad Pete trollo . so for I , for my mother , my grandmother , my father , my uncle and for the common good , I must now kill you and you brother . Jake get up and slowly walk towards she . jake ( fall to he knee before she ) oh please do not kill we . please , please do not kill we . you know I love ya baby , I would not leave ya . it be not my fault . women you miserable slug . you think you can talk you be way out of this ? you betrayed I . jake no , I do not . honest . I run outta gas . I have a flat tire . I do not have enough money for cab fare . my tux do not come back from the cleaner . a old friend come in from outta town . someone steal my car . there be a earthquake , a terrible flood , locust 's . it be not my fault !! I swear to God !! woman oh Jake , Jake , honey . Jake embrace she in a passionate kiss , then drop she in the mud . jake ( to elwood ) let 's go . elwood ( to the woman ) take it easy . they run down the passage to the car . she follow in the distance . elwood it 's a 106 mile to Chicago . we get a full tank of gas , half a pack of cigarettes , it 's dark and we be wear sunglass . jake hit it ! the woman run out of the duct and fire at the move car . the policeman above hear the shot and also start shoot at the car . the great car chase Jake and elwood be in front in they car . about 50 or so squad car and the good ole boy winnebago be follow . in the winnebago bob shit man ! can not this damm thing go any faster than this ? tucker ah , Bob , I think I get a little problem . bob goddamn boy ! they accelerate past all car include Jake and elwood . tucker shit ! all argh !!! the van drive off the highway , through a shed and into the water . tucker ( to Bob ) do not you say a fuck word . view of blonde waiting at motel the sun start to rise . CUT to : police station - chicago radioer all unit we have a signal ten seven niner , officer be in pursuit a black and white , 1974 dodge sedan southbound on four-seven . responds to signal ten seven niner . occupant of vehicle on joliet Jake blue , one elwood blue . consider they extremely dangerous . in Nazi head quarter , the head Nazi hear police radio broadcast . nazi leader perpen - fuhrer ! jake and elwood be car elwood hey , Jake , Jake , I gotta pull over . head squad car trooper mount South bound on state highway 47 . elwood drive down a embankment , squad car follow and all crash . head squad car recover and steer out of control , go fly up the embankment which act as a ramp ... the police car fly through the air and land in the side of a truck . back at the hundred of mr . mercer hi. wanna hand I the mike ? thanks a lot . ( into the mike ) hi , this be car , ah ... what number be we ? officer mount five , five . mr . mercer ( into the mike ) car fifty five . ah , we be in a truck ! chicago police station radioer signal ten seven niner still engage . vehicle travel south bound . approach Chicago city limit . Commander adviser will contact Chicago precinct for a local intercept . maintain pursuit . officer merge on the city . radioer use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension of the blue Brothers have be approve . jake and elwood make it to chicago elwood well this be definitely lower wacker drive . if my estimation be correct , we should be very close to the honourable Richard J. Daly plaza . jake that 's be they get that Picasso . elwoood yep . they drive on , be chase by Chicago squad car . elwood swerve to miss a car , the squad car do not and all crash into one another . officer son-of-a-bitch . start fire , other officer follow suit . Jake and elwood escape . two Nazi car hide in a alley way . Jake and elwood drive past . nazi leader there they be . the Nazi car pursue Jake and elwood . a loud clunk be hear in Jake and elwood 's car . elwoood oh no ! jake what the fuck be that ? elwood the motor . thrown a rod . jake be that serious ? elwoood yep . they drive up a bridge through the smoke come from they motor . one of the Nazi car stop at the head of the bridge . nazi leader faster ! at the last minute they see the end of a unfinish bridge . elwood stop the car and then it backflip over the chase Nazi car . nazi Holy shit ! the Nazi car continue to accelerate and launch off the bridge . nazi I have always love you . they crash into the street make a big hole . Jake and elwood 's car jump the hole , the pursue Nazi car fall into it . jake ( point to a building ) there it be . elwood park the car just outside the door . they get out and the car fall to bit . elwood stare at in disbelief . jake ( hit elwood ) come on ! richard J. daley plaza they enter the building , close the door and pile furniture in front of they . they then run up to a information counter . elwood ( to a officer at the information desk ) sir. where 's the Office of the assessor of cook County ? officer down the hall , turn right , take the elevator to 1102 . elwoood thank you sir . Jake and elwood race off . outside thousand of people be try to get in . Jake and elwood enter the elevator . a squad of people eventually get into the building and race up to the information desk . squad leader Excuse I , do you see two guy come in here , black suit black hat one carry a briefcase ? officer yeah , I just send they down there . squad leader thank you . the squad race towards the elevator and then up the stair . Jake and elwood make it to the right floor . elwoood hold the door . Jake step in front of the door . elwood destroy the elevator control . elwoood let 's go . they make they way towards the officer . stack furniture in front of each door . they arrive at the office to a sign " back in five minute " . they wait until someone in the office approach they . assessor May I help you ? jake this be where they pay the tax , right ? assessor right . elwoood this money be for the year assessment on the St. helen of the bless shroud orphanage in calume city , illinio . jake 5000 buck , it 's all there pal . the squad approach the right floor but the door be block . officer stand back ... fire ! they open fire on the door . assessor and here be you receipt . the squad catch up with Jake and elwood and cuff they . jail - mess hall the whole band be on a stage in the jail . song : " jailhouse rock " fade out the end