for you consideration the shape °f water best original screenplay guillermo del toro & vanessa taylor the shape of water written by guillermo del toro & vanessa Taylor story by guillermo del toro fox searchlight picture , inc . 10201 W. pico Blvd. os Angeles , CA 90035 , all rights reserve . copyright '' 2016 willow and oak , inc . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent op willow and oak , inc . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . fade in : int . elisa 's apartment / river footage - night 1 we float at the bottom of a river . surrounded by water . Fish swim away . debris float in the water - and , then , a lamp float by - a coffee pot - a shoe . gile / narrator if I speak about it - if I do - what would I tell you , I wonder ? would I tell you about the time ...? it happen a long time ago - in the last day of a fair Prince 's reign ... or would I tell you about the place ? a small city near the coast but far from everything else ... or would I tell you about she ? the princess without voice ... ( beat ) or perhaps I would just warn you of the about the truth of this fact and the tale of love and loss and the monster that try to destroy it all ... camera push and we see : a entire apartment underwater . object and furniture float , gently suspend , defy gravity . asleep on / above she bed -- half float , half weigh down : elisa . roughly 30 , but ageless , with child - like eye , dark , lush hair and a thin , beautiful mouth slightly curve into a satisfied smile . she slowly settles / drift down on the mattress below as a early digital alarm clock lazily float over a night table nearby ... suddenly : the alarm go off ! 1 5 pm - elisa open she eye . lift the mask , look around : no water at all . 1b 1c slowly , she get up . a ambulance red light briefly illuminate the apartment , its siren fade rapidly . barefoot , she head to the bathroom : we see that light be emanate from she floorboard . Music and dialogue leak up through the floorboard too . she ready the bathtub dialogue '' ... no God could be pleased with the death of a child at the altar ... '' camera go through floor into - int . cinema - same 1b - the ornate ceiling - and into - the cinema : the story of RUTH play to a - - almost empty theater - one patron or two be asleep . title : the shape of water . int . elisa' apartment - same ic elisa drop three egg into a pot of boil water and head for the bathroom . on the way there - she pick up a egg timer and casually wind it . int . elisa 's bathroom 2 she disrobe - revealing : on both side of she neck : two keloid scar , diagonal and about three inch long . dialogue '' ... who 's the man ? '' ( beat ) mahlon , the judean artisan ... '' the voice from below continue as she step into the bathtub : Water overflow and hit the tile floor . she sink in . a deep sigh . she set the egg timer to two minute . she sigh . then rub she hand with soap , plant she two foot on the base of the tub , sigh again and go to work on herself , gently , slowly - - but with the timer tick away - she 's almost there when the timer ding . int . kitchen , elisa 's apartment - same 3 a wall clock - its minute hand slide into position - tack ! : 10:55 pm . elisa rip off a leaf from a wall calendar and open a window , let the fresh air in . her hair be wet and she nervously look at the clock on the wall . the calendar leaf back read : '' time be but a river flow from we past . '' clack ! 11:00 pm elisa stare at a wall of shoe . choose a GREEN pair . shine they , quietly - alone - at the table . put they on . another siren go by . clack ! 11:01 pm she take out 3 hardboil egg - still steaming - out of a pot . use the calendar sheet to pack one , plus saltine and a small mustard and a half pickle sandwich on a paper bag . two egg and a half sandwich go onto a small plate . she undoe the three lock on she door ( light & music intensify still emanate from the floorboard ) and - int . apartment corridor - night 4 -exit she apartment . we see the '' shadow '' of old brass letter - some be still there - they read '' deliveries '' she go to the door directly across from hers ( similar sign : '' processing '' ) . a tv can be hear inside . she use a key to let herself in . int . gile apartment - night 5 full of book . entirely full of they . here and there be half - finish illustration . large original art from advertisement . two cat - snowflake and lillie stroll lazily . gile ( over siren ) do the siren wake you up ? hard at work at a draw table - be gile : late 60' , refine and prim : wool vest , bow tie and tortoiseshell glass . when he speak he have a ever- so-slight stutter ( which get worse when he get nervous ) . gile ( cont ’d ) it 's a fire . the chocolate factory . it rain a little - not enough to put it out ... Rain be late this year ... you smell that ? toasted cocoa . tragedy and delight - hand in hand ... gile be coloring a illustration of a happy family around a bright red jell-o mold . a sign read : the future be here !! on he forehead : three pair of eyeglass . he raise one and lower another one - grab a brush . we see a toupee rest on top of a acrylic paint box . elisa put the egg and carrot down on a side table . he caress / tap she cheek . gile ( cont 'd ) oh , darling child . I would waste away to nothing without you look after I . I be the proverbial starve artist be I not ? shirley Temple dance on the stair with bojangle on '' the Little Colonel '' . gile ( cont ’d ) oh - watch that - bojangle - the stair dance . he slide he chair to see better . gile ( cont 'd ) will you look at that ? very hard to do . cagney do it - different - but beautiful - we should watch that one day 7a elisa look at the tv . do a few tap step . siren go by . gile ( cont 'd ) elisa : wake I up when you come back . Breakfast 's on I , child . he go back to he painting . look in the mirror and smile . paint the smile on the father figure in the ad . int . apartment corridor - same 6 both side of the corridor be block by film can . elisa - low heele shoe in one hand and a paper sandwich bag in the other - move past the can and reach a red door . she exit . ext . arcade cinema and tenement build - night 7 she stand at the top of a fire escape . a breeze blow by . the city light glow in the distance . look at she watch : 10:55 elisa climb down . she exit past the arcade cinema marquee . she take the step in bojangle fashion . she take the step in bojangle fashion . the cinema owner , mr . arzoumanian , be change the marquee lettering for the story of RUTH , help by a assistant . mr . arzoumanian elisa - when yoo bring the rent - stay for the bible moovie , eh ? theatre 's empty ... a FIRE engine scream by - on the horizon - a couple of block away : the fire : a glow sign sputter : annely 's chocolate . a few people hurry towards the scene . elisa cross the street . omitted 7a 10 10 a al 12 ext . tv repair shop / bus stop - night 8 elisa look at a shoe store window . on display on a little rotate platform : a pair of silver dance shoe . she start whistling a happy tune . elisa dance around - and then sit down on - a bus bench in front of a appliance store . a clock signal 11:05 on tv , over she whistle : martin luther king . kennedy . russian satellite . cuban missile crisis on other monitor . then - a waving american flag . programming end . the bus arrive . int . CITY bus - night 9 elisa , still whistling . almost entirely alone , on the bus ( except for a fat guy snore ) look out the window with great long . Pov industrial landscape pass by - reflection of fire and smoke against blue steel night sky . she use she beret and scarf as a pillow . she close she eye . omitted 10 ext . occam rd - night 10a bus drive by a huge clock and plaque that read : occam aerospace research CENTER . the time : 11:55 ext . 1284 occam RD. build - night 1 a square , squat concrete structure . employee rush towards the building . elisa climb out of the bus - walk in . throng of worker walk out - omitted 12 12a 13 14 int . elevator - night 12a elisa in a elevator - go down , down , down until it open into : her watch : 11:58 int . herding area - night 13 worker be move out . a golf cart arrive with mp 's elisa run and barely make it . yolanda , a Latin girl , protest . a punch clock , stand in line we see zelda , a plump African american woman in she 30s . she signal elisa to get in . elisa run and barely make it . yolanda a Latin girl , protest . yolanda hey - watch it , dummy !! zelda leave she alone , woman . I be keep she place . yolanda I get report - I come look for you and the mute ... zelda you do that , yolanda . you do that . elisa check in - clack !! 12:00 pm cur to : int . locker room - same 14 elisa , Zelda and other get dress in they janitorial and kitchen / service garment . Change they shoe to low-heel one . all around they : propaganda poster : '' loose lip sink ship '' ete 15 15 a 16 17 zelda my foot be killin’ I already - we be not start and my foot be already killin’ I - omitted 15 int . long corridor 15 a 6 clean lady walk down the corridor in 2 line of 3 . they split off and walk into the adjacent lab . behind they elisa and Zelda follow and continue down the corridor . int . long corridor ( GREEN screen , not translight ) 16 zelda I wear ‘em low-heel shoe and it hurt just the same . my toe get all bunched up - and I feel like dyin’ . Lord . Zelda and elisa push into a long corridor full of slaughterhouse - style door , each bear a number and a letter ( B - 67 , C - 25 , etc ) . a group of scientist walk alongside a man in a canvas astronaut suit . they carry a multitude of canvas duct extrude from it . about a dozen mp 's guard the corridor . int . jet engine lab - same 17 elisa remove a piece of chew gum . Zelda empty a waste basket . zelda , make brewster pig in a blanket tonight before leavin’ . Fresh dough - the good sausage - thick - and Boy , he just eat ‘em up . ( beat ) no thank - yous - no yum - yum - not a peep , though - man be silent as the grave . but if fart be flattery , honey - he would be Shakespeare - 17a int . command CENTER - same 17a Zelda and elisa empty waste basket . zelda then I get home and I make he breakfast . Bacon and egg and butter toast . I butter the man 's toast , elisa . both side - as if he be a child ... and I do not get a '' thank you '' 18 int . lab - same 18 Zelda pick up a waste basket and a few piece of paper - zelda hey - Lou - Lou ! you boy mind throw the trash in the bin ? that 's what it 's for ... a bespectacled man ( Dr. bob hoffstetler ) measure the temperature of the water with a long , industrial thermometer . he eye Zelda . zelda ( cont 'd ) yes . that 's what it 's for ... hard to believe , uh ? lou alright . alright . sorry Zelda . elisa and Zelda mop and sweep around a group of worker readying a big filter / storage tank of massive proportion next to a tile holding pool . roughly 20 man work at the same time . Fleming supervise the entire operation . the worker be make a mess . elisa sign Zelda . zelda I do not know honey . I do not know what they be do . ( purposefully loud ) mostly make a goddam mess be what I would say ... hoffstetler whisper in Fleming 's ear . 10 fleming ( dab he nose ) Zelda , please - watch the volume . and , there 's no call for the blaspheme , please - zelda yessir , sorry , Mr. Fleming , Sir - fleming ( clap he hand ) a moment of you time - today , we will be receive a new team and asset here in T - 4 . this here be Dr. Robert hoffstetler ... Zelda and elisa look at each other . fleming ( cont ’d ) I do not want to bolster - or overstate the matter - ( proud laughter ) - but this may be the most sensitive asset ever to be house in this facility ... hoffstetler look at elisa . everybody suddenly turn to attention . the slide steel door open and mp 's pour in - Fleming thumb they out . the door slowly slide open and - Zelda and elisa pick up they cart and - as they exit - - they see a group of specialist wheel a massive steel cylinder into the room . it 's twice the size of a iron lung and more elaborate . it be escort by 4 mp 's , and a square - jaw , steely - eye man dress in a black , immaculate suit and tie : richard strickland , 30' . in he right hand : a electric cattle prod . the cylinder shake !! something large move inside !! it howl !! a webbed hand slam against the glass !!! a webbed palm hit the glass !! elisa jump , startle . hoffstetler ( to Fleming ) they have to leave - 19 11 fleming yes - yes - hoffstetler you : help I move the cylinder into the compressor ! there ! they exit . elisa see a large form move in the tank as they - - close the door . dissolve to : int . men 's bathroom - night 19 zelda will you look at this ? elisa remove dirty towel from the multiple towel rack and put on fresh one . Zelda point to the urinal . zelda ( cont 'd ) look - some of the best mind in we country - pee all over the floor in this here facility . ( beat ) there 's pee freckle on the ceiling !! how do they get it up there ? zelda resume mop the checker floor . zelda ( cont 'd ) just how big a target do they need , you figure ? they get enough practice that 's for sure . my brewster , no one ever call he a great mind , even he hit the can seventy percent of the time . suddenly , strickland enter . in he hand : the cattle prod and a plastic bag of GREEN hard candy . he place they on the sink . they start to leave , but - strickland no. no . that 's alright ... go on - he wash he hand with the precision and care of a surgeon prepare to operate . 12 strickland ( cont 'd ) you lady seem to be chat enjoyably . girl talk no doubt . do not mind I . he make eye contact with elisa . chews on the candy . methodically . elisa look at the cattle prod . strickland ( cont ’d ) look but do not touch - ( beat ) that lovely dingus there be a Alabama howdy-do ... strickland go to the urinal and proceed to piss - he hand - clench in a fist , rest on both he hip . strickland ( cont 'd ) mold grip handle . low-current , High -voltage electric shock cattle prod - that 's for you to know , not to tell . you can hear he stream bounce off the tile . zelda wince , look at elisa . strickland ( cont 'd ) I be strickland . Security . zelda Fleming 's security . strickland not while I be here . on the stress word , a momentary hitch in he stream . strickland ( cont 'd ) saw you both at 1 - 4 . zelda we be clear , sir. strickland I know . I check . ( beat ) do not it get lonely ? the graveyard shift ? zelda get quiet . that 's for sure . 19 a 198 13 she offer he a clean towel . '' no '' strickland man wash he hand before or after tend to he need . that tell you a lot about that man . ( beat ) he do it both time ? point to a weakness of character ... pick up the rod . weirdly beam at the two cleaner . strickland ( cont 'd ) lady ? very pleasant chat with you both . elisa notice a small drop of Red blood leave behind by the cattle prod . it lazily extend on the wet , white surface of the sink . cur to : omitted 19a int . '' B '' corridor - same 198 sweet lorraine by jon Erik kellso start . elisa stand in front of door T - 4 . she take out she clearance card and be about to use it but stop . the door open . it 's hoffstetler . hoffstetler May I help you ? he remove surgical glove . she move back . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) oh! you be ... not in uniform - do you forget something -? Inside ? she sign : '' Excuse I '' and walk away . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) wait - wait ! hoffstetler watch she go 19c 20 21 14 int . bus - dawn 19 c elisa lean she head on the window . Dawn bathes she . the light grow and grow - cleanse and magical . dissolve to : ext . street of baltimore - early morning 20 busy street . a van pull up - out climb gile and elisa . gile yeah . I be wear the hair . watch out for that car ... gile straighten he toupee ( now on he head ) elisa sign . gile ( cont 'd ) do it look good ? they cross the street towards " dixie doug pie . '' cur to : int . '' dixie doug pie '' diner - day 21 gile and elisa stand before a glass and Stainless - steel , pie vending column / display . gile it be eternal , see ? tantalus never even achieve the escape of death . the fruit on the branch be always just out of reach ... his gaze drift subtly to the pie guy at the register . he 's manly , masculine , like a construction worker . with pie . pie guy ( 0.s. ) thank yeew . ¥’all come back , y’heah ? elisa watch gile watch the guy , he glance fill with long . gile ... the water in the stream always recede just when he stoop to drink . and that 's why we say thing like , look at that tantalize pie — ( elisa sign ) ( more ) 15 gile ( cont 'd ) I do not like the color either , but they taste alright . try it . my treat . you want cold milk ? at the counter : pie guy welcome to Dixie Doug 's , folk . that 'il be all ? gile for the moment . pie guy hey - I have see you in here before , right ? gile oh , well - I - yes - I have be here . a couple of time as a matter of fact . pie guy partial to key lime pie ? gile a craving I indulge in . it can not possibly be good for I . nothing I like be ... pie guy oh , no - it 's a mighty fine pie , key lime . gile and the color be so vivid !! pie guy vivid ! now , there 's a word I - there 's a word for ya ... gile a vivid word ! it most certainly be . elisa roll she eye . gile ( cont 'd ) and would you be the famous '' Dixie Doug '' himself ? pie guy heck , no . pies be truck down throughout the country . it 's call '' franchise '' , see ? ( more ) 16 pie guy ( cont 'd ) there 's thirty - two Dixie Doug 's all over the country . he indicate the illuminate glass column that rotate to display the pie . he shrug . pie guy ( cont ’d ) they give we the spinner , the signage - that there 's '' pie Boy '' we mascot . they tell we what we gotta say - what to wear and such — there 's a manual lay it all out . they figure out what people like , scientifically . I do not really talk that way , I be from ottawa . gile you have I completely fool . ( beat ) '' that 's -a-great -a-pie ... '' the Little guy be italian be he ?! pie guy I guess so - gile how clever ! he watch pie guy pack they up , admire he muscular arm . finish , pie guy look up smile . pie guy well , thank yewww . y'all come back now , y'heah ? 22 ext . gile 's apartment - day 22 they eat they pie and watch name that price ( or any morn / noon game show ) . cat beg for pie . gile '' y'all come back '' do you think he mean it ? he have notice I - you hear that yourself . elisa roll she eye . stop eat . gile ( cont 'd ) well , this pie be rather sordid , but - do not spit it out - we could try a different flavor next time . 23 17 elisa hand he the half - eat pie and wipe she green tongue wa napkin . gile ( cont ’d ) well - you wanna save it - for later ? elisa channel - surf : early civil rights protest on the news . he put the pie away in the fridge - ( we see that there be about half a dozen half - eat multi-color pie slice ) he pour the rest of the milk on a cat 's plate . gile ( cont 'd ) ( look at tv protest ) dear God - Change that awfulness - I do not want to see all that - elisa change channel to Betty grable dance pretty baby from coney Island . gile move the antenna around until the image be clear . elisa give he '' thumb up '' gile ( cont 'd ) there - now - that 's better ... oh , would you look at Betty ! to be young and beautiful . if I could take this brain of mine - this heart - and put in it - if I could go back in time , when I be eighteen - I do not know anything about anything - I - would give myself a bit of advice , I tell you - he sigh . she sign . gile ( cont ’d ) I would say : take better care of you tooth and fuck . a lot more . she elbow he . gile ( cont 'd ) it 's very good advice while sit , he tap -dance . elisa join he in a beautiful , little foot choreography - without leave the sofa . Music overpower the upcoming scene . cur to : int . elisa 's apartment - night 23 alarm go off : 10:45 pm . elisa open she eye . get up . 24-260 26b 27 18 egg timer in the f.g . in the b.g. elisa take care of business in the bathtub boiling egg calendar rip shining shoe . putting they on . omitted 24-260 int . bus - same 26b elisa lean on the seat in front of she on the bus zelda ( prelap ) short people be mean . mean ... int . long corridor - same 27 Zelda empty the waste basket in the corridor . zelda short people be mean ... mean ... you listen to I - they have a grudge - a big chip on they tiny little shoulder . I have never meet a short man that stay nice all the way through , no , Sir - mean little backstabber , all of ‘em . maybe it 's the air down there , not enough oxygen or something . elisa , sweep - keeping a eye on - t-4 . zelda ( cont ’d ) my brewster - he 's no tower titan - and he never raise he chin . he get angry - you get the eye . but the chin stay down ... they hear gunshot . and scream . muffled voice . 1 - 4 ! the door burst open . they see figure move in the distance : urgent , hushed . mp 's hurry down the corridor 28 28a 19 they see strickland stagger out - clasp he bleed hand . blood squirt from it !! hoffstetler help ! he 's lose blood ! find something for a tourniquet . two mp 's rush towards hoffstetler . he look at elisa - then press a emergency button - bammmm !! 1 -heavy steel door shut the area hermetically . zelda come on . come on . let they help they . come on elisa int . automat / cafeteria - night 28 elisa and Zelda pick up food from a automat . yolanda eat on a bench nearby . zelda think the Russians break in ? I do not think so . and if they do , duane 's meatloaf will kill they all , honey . benches : they eat . elisa season a egg from she bag . 28 a zelda it be two shot - you hear them ? elisa raise three finger . Zelda steal tater - tot from elisa 's tray and surgically remove the bacon from she own meatloaf . zelda ( cont 'd ) alright - Three - and that scream . heavens . whatever go on in this place ... fleming ( approach ) you two . come with I . zelda now , Mr Fleming , Sir ? any chance we might conclude we dinner ? 29 30 20 fleming now . grab you cart and bring you code card . int . long corridor - night 29 elisa and Zelda hurry behind Fleming . they drag they trolley behind with stern efficiency . they stop in front of 1 - 4 . Fleming 's nose be still runny . fleming heavens to betsy : we be in a pickle . we be in a real pickle now ... he punch they card into a clearance reader by the door . it beep . the machine clack and the door open . int . lab - night 30 fleming you will have exactly twenty minute , to render this - this lab immaculate and so on and so forth . do you understand ? twenty minute . he dab he nose and exit . the place be cover in blood . the cylinder be now open attach to a large pump ... a operate table be in the center of the room . zelda sweet dance Jesus on the head of a pin - what go on in here ? that 's blood , hon - I tell you - may be all gunk up - but that 's blood ... the cattle prod lie on the floor . Zelda pour water and start mop the blood . zelda ( cont ’d ) help I mop it , hon . sooner we get out of here the better ... elisa throw one last bucket of water under a counter . - as the water flow back , it carry - two severe human finger . 31 21 Zelda pick up one - zelda ( cont 'd ) that a cigar ? -a gold wedding band fall off of it . it roll away . zelda ( cont ’d ) aaagh !! do not touch that !! it 's a finger !! they be all finger !! ( beat ) I be gonna call somebody . stay here , honey . Jesus Lord , finger . she leave - elisa stay . she look for the gold band . she look inside the cylinder : a drop of water float in the water . she see - -a figure , crouching in the dark : a slender , sleek amphibian man . look at she . vary marking seem to glow and outline its body . elisa 's shocked but not scared . the bleed creature make direct eye contact with she . its eye kick back light , like a coyote 's catch in the headlight . she move towards it - cautiously . the creature hiss at it and cower . the lab door slide open - zelda and two mp 's rush in . the amphibian man retreat . zelda ( cont 'd ) where be the finger ? elisa offer he the paper bag . hand I down my walking cane by B goodman start . int . gile 's apartment - dawn 31 gile ready a cereal BOX and a bottle of milk . 32 22 gile I do believe you , darling , but be you sure it be alive ? I once see a mermaid - in a carnival tent . it be a monkey sewn to the tail of a fish . look real to I . elisa scribbles : '' person / Fish '' gile serve she a plate . gile ( cont 'd ) I apologize . but I have a deadline - you know the corn flake - they be create as a cure for masturbation . she push the plate away . he push it back . '' eat '' gile ( cont ’d ) it do not work . gile look at a tv guide . gile ( cont ’d ) oh , Alice faye just start ... elisa switch channel : a scene in a dance Hall with Alice faye sing '' you will never know ... '' she stop eat the cereal . gile ( cont ’d ) she be a huge star - and one day - one day she just could not take the bullshit , the backstabbing , anymore and she just walk away from everything . just walk away - to live the way she want to - gile dance a few step to pick up he draw - show it to elisa . gile ( cont ’d ) ta-da ! you like it ? it 's not bad , be it ? for be shit ? now , eat , go to bed . Rest - I get pay - we get pie ! ok , not pie . I get pie . you get whatever you want . my treat . wish I luck . he head out . elisa watch intently as Alice faye croon int . ad agency - day 32 a classy ad agency . gile hand the finish draw to bernard ( 60' , well - groom and dress ) bernie . Green . they want the gelatin to be green now . gile but I be tell red . bernie New concept . all the new flavor be green : celery , apple , italian . that 's the future now . Green . a elegant secretary give he a document to a pantone swatch . bernie ( cont 'd ) and they want they happier - the family . gile happier ? the Father look like he - he just discover the missionary position ... and the kid look like the have electrode up they - what be they happy about ? bernie gile . gile what be they happy about ? bernie the future , gile . ( shift ) sorry , you know how it be . you do what they say , then they change everything . too bad - this be nice work . gile it be nice work , be not it ? one of my best . gile nod , gravely . bernie move closer . bernie how be you hold up ? be you drink ? gile not a drop . 23 sign . hand he 33 34 24 bernie . get any work since you leave klein & saunder ? gile since I be ask to leave . by you . bernie we be not gonna get into that now . I like you . you know I do . gile nod . bernie ( cont ’d ) be you painting ? you own art ? that well dry a long time ago . gile I want back , bernie . bernie we will see . now - do this . the client want photograph . photograph 's what 's come - I sell they on this - can you have it Monday ? Green ? int . long corridor - night 33 elisa push she cart down the corridor . stop in front of T - 4 . hoffstetler and he lab crew exit . she take she lunch bag - open the door . int . lab - night 34 she enter . the lab be quiet . she notice that a side hatch from the cylinder be open towards the hold pool . she hear a metallic noise . move towards the pool the water ripple . chain clink . the three long chain line emerge from the waterline . she sit down on the edge of the pool . she open she lunch box and peel a egg - slowly . she watch the water move , finish peel it . she take a bite . 34 a 25 the amphibian man 's head emerge from the water . they stare at each other . he submerges towards she . the chain grow taut - they be attach to he neck . then the creature be reveal in full : beautiful , majestic . pure . she extend she arm : present another egg to he . it hiss - expand he gill !! she recoil . slowly she place it on the edge of the pool . she offer the egg , signing '' egg '' toward it . the creature grab the egg with its webbed hand and swim away with it . she watch he swim . in the corridor Zelda be in the corridor . zelda elisa . elisa sign . zelda ( cont 'd ) what be I do here ? what be you do here ? elisa sign zelda ( cont ’d ) okay . Cleaning . hey honey , Mr. '' I pee with my hand on my hip '' want to see we both . I do not know why . Lord it better be short , because it be late and my foot be kill I . omitted 34 a 35 26 int . strickland's office - night 35 strickland 's sit down in he office ( he finger cover by clean bandage with a stain of blood and iodine ) - he look pale and piss . behind he : a bank of security monitor . strickland ( read a file ) Zelda D. fuller . how long have you two know each other , Zelda ? zelda about ten year , sir. strickland no sibling , Zelda ? zelda no , Sir ... strickland that 's not common , be it ? for you people ? zelda momma die after I - after I be bear . strickland what do the '' D '' stand for ? elisa and Zelda sit in front of he , like girl at the principal 's office . zelda my '' D " ? delilah , Sir - on account of the bible . strickland dee-li-lah . . . zelda beg you pardon ? strickland take a hard GREEN candy from a plastic bag . suck on it . strickland delilah - she betray samson - lull he to sleep , cut he hair - philistine torture he , humiliate he - burn he eye out . turned he into a thing - 27 zelda guess my momma do not read the good book close enough . . strickland and you - ( read elisa 's file ) elisa ... elisa esposito . do not esposito mean '' orphan '' ? she nod . strickland ( cont ’d ) ( read file ) we Lady of sorrow orphanage in putnam ... putnam ? zelda they find she - by the river - in the water ... strickland that what they tell you , uh ? elisa nod . strickland ( cont 'd ) it be you that find my finger ? she nod . hand he back he ring . put it on the other hand . strickland ( cont ’d ) Three hour in surgery - they rebuilt the first phalanx - here - suture the tendon . do not know if it 's go to take - ( beat ) there be mustard on they . ( beat ) a paper bag . best you could do ? zelda it 's all we have ... ( beat ) I answer mostly , on account that she can not talk . Long pause . strickland what do you mean she can not talk ? zelda she can not . 28 strickland she can not ? be she deaf ? elisa sign zelda mute , sir . strickland 's ear prick up . he be suddenly interested - animated . strickland mute . ( point at scar ) that what do it ? cut you voice box ? elisa sign . Zelda translate : zelda she sez : since she be a baby ... strickland who would do that to a baby ? this world be sinful . would not you say , Dee - 1i- lah ( beat ) well - lemme say this upfront . he arrange the symmetry of he desk implement . strickland ( cont 'd ) you clean that lab . you get out . arrange the pen - turn towards elisa . strickland ( cont 'd ) the thing we keep in there , be a affront . do you know what a affront be , Zelda ? zelda something offensive , sir. strickland that 's right - that 's right - and I should know . ( beat ) I have drag that filthy thing - out of the river muck in South America and all the way here - ( beat ) and along the way we do not get to like each other much . 36-37 38 29 he take two - three pain pill ... strickland ( cont 'd ) you may think that thing look human- stands on two leg , but - we be create in the Lord 's image . and you do not think that 's what the Lord look like , do you ? zelda I would not know , Sir . what the Lord look like . strickland well , human , Zelda . he look like a human . just like I ... or even you . a little more like I , I guess ... a red phone ring . he pick up . strickland ( cont ’d ) General hoyt . thank you for call I back . signal they to leave . strickland ( cont 'd ) I be , Sir - much better . pain pill , be all - thank you . two finger , yes - but still get my thumb , my trigger and my pussy finger - ( laugh ) yes , sir- that 's right - look forward to you visit , sir. decision have to be make about the asset , Sir . from he window he watch as - - Pov : elisa walk away . omitted 36-37 ext . strickland 's neighborhood - dawn 38 Fleming be pull in . he drive a bottle green , jet-fin sedan . strickland climb out . strickland pick I up tonight . nine thirty . 39 fleming twenty one hundred and thirty hour - yes , Sir . strickland give he a look . move away . the milk truck be go by . a uniformed milkman be leave cream and milk at he doorstep . strickland I will take that . strickland pick it up . int . strickland 's home - early morning 30 39 all around , however , half - open move cardboard box . noise everywhere . Breakfast chatter - the tv be on ( a cooking show ) . at the table : strickland - drink milk straight from the bottle , tense as fuck - he wife elaine and they two kid , timmy , 8 and tammy , 6 . she place , in front of he , a product - placement - picture - perfect omelette . strickland no pancake ? ' timmy dad ? guess what ? elaine I have go through half the box . can not find the griddle . but I make you cheese and broccoli omelette , sweetie , you favorite . strickland clumsily - painfully - eat , grunt . ' timmy hey , dad - guess what ? guess what ? elaine , be you feel any better ? do it hurt ? strickland just a little . pill help . ' timmy guess what ? we be bury a time capsule - at the new school . ( more ) 40 41 31 timmy ( cont 'd ) and I want to ask you - do you think we will all have jet pack , in the future ? strickland that 's right , Son . the future be bright . you gotta trust in that . this be America . grunt . strickland wolf down he food . Elaine lean in . elaine wash you hand real good sweetie . and come upstairs ... later 40 strickland throw the omelette in the garbage . take a pill with he milk . grab a cookie . he wash he hand at the sink . turn off the tv strickland climb the step . int . strickland 's bedroom - day al Elaine close the curtain . elaine I kinda like it here . the kid like the lawn . plus - dc be just half a hour away , be not it ? he show she he hand : clean . she smell one and kiss he bandage finger . pull out a breast and allow the clean hand to touch it . strickland it 's still Baltimore , blaine - strickland mount elaine . rhythmic . mechanical . like a athlete training for a competitive sport . his face show no emotion . elaine oh - he see she neck - touch it , trace line elaine ( cont 'd ) Richard -- he cover she mouth . keeps pump . she try to talk . 41a 42 43 44 45 32 strickland shh - silence . do not talk . I want you in silence . elaine honey - you hand 's bleed - oh - strickland shh - shh - in silence . he interrupt she with a vigorous thrust . in and out like a piston pump . press he hand . she look up at he , confuse . he push she face away from he . and pump harder . int . lab - dusk 41a alone , the amphibian man try to reassemble the break eggshell . Signs : '' egg '' int . elisa 's apartment - dusk 42 elisa take 5 hardboil egg out of the pot of water . elisa ready a portable turntable . grab a record from a collection of dozen . omitted 43 omitted 44 int . lab - same 45 elisa enter the lab . start clean a mess around the operate table . hoffstetler be change in the b.g. toss he lab coat into a tall and narrow laundry cart . leave , along with the last lab assistant . elisa place the egg by the edge of the pool . excitedly she take some lp record ( from a carrier ) and a portable player . the creature emerge slowly from the water . take and egg and start peel it . elisa show he the record and sign : '' record '' 46 47 33 he be curious and vigilant . watch she carefully as she take the record and play it : Glenn Miller 's lover' serenade his bioluminescent marking light up . she lift the needle . Music stop . the creature react as if to magic . needle down , music back : excitement !! marking light up !! the creature admire the music , try to snatch it mid-air . she smile - he smile back omitted 46 montage a7 - five egg . boil . Dancing slowly in the water . - elisa set all five boil egg on the edge of the pool . - the creature emerge . do the sign for '' egg '' . - elisa choose new record . - her locker room be fill up with lp 's - elisa travel on the bus with more egg and record . - elisa mop - a smile on she face . Zelda watch , concerned . - elisa ready she bath - mesmerize by the water . - gile watch as elisa '' borrow '' extra egg from he fridge . - elisa pack all 7,8,9 egg in she paper bag . - elisa show a new record to the creature in the cylinder . - she mop while the music play quietly , hoffstetler enter the lab just as the song end : the amphibian man bang on the glass to elisa and sign : '' play a different record . '' his marking brighten . 48 49 49a 49b 34 elisa sign - ask he to '' point . '' the amphibian man point . elisa turn the record around . '' moonglow '' by benny goodman play . elisa dance in front of the cylinder . the amphibian man swim , delighted ! elisa walk over and put one hand up against the glass , slowly , the creature put a hand up '' against '' hers . his marking active and color - change . her smile turn wistful . she keep she hand there . leans she forehead on the glass . hoffstetler watch - a tray of raw fish in he hand - mesmerized . move . cur to : ext . brownstone building STREET - day 48 hoffstetler arrive in a yellow cab . climb the step of he building . a old matron smoke watch child play outside . hoffstetler good morning Mrs. peabody , how be the gout ? she signal '' so -so '' int . hoffstetler 's apartment - day 49 austere . impersonal . hoffstetler light a cigarette - look out the window to - ext . STREET Pov - day 49 a - the empty street . int . hoffstetler 's apartment - same 498 - he grab a small pen knife from he desk and get on he hand and knee . he use it to lift a set of floorboard . they reveal a neatly - fitting black case . he open the case : a passport , a leather notebook , some equipment , cash , etc . he take a set of blueprint . 50 51 52 53 54 35 omitted 50 ext . sand pile - day 51 holding a manila envelope , dr . hoffstetler smoke a cigarette . he be sit on a concrete block in a industrial distribution centre . look at he watch . a Dark sedan stop - a burly russian climb out of the passenger seat and head toward he . burly russian the sparrow nest on the window sill . hoffstetler what ? burly russian the sparrow nest on the window sill . hoffstetler and the eagle take the prey - burly russian ( in Russian ) uhhh . what ? hoffstetler sigh . get up . hoffstetler ( in Russian ) that 's the password : '' and the Eagle take the prey '' let 's go . int . sand pile - day 52 the burly russian enter the car . hoffstetler be squeeze tight . int . black sea russian restaurant - day 53 three russian violinist , dress in '' authentic '' gipsy garb play ochi chernye in a '' classy '' Russian restaurant . hoffstetler and burly russian enter and head for - omitted 54 55 36 int . kitchen - day 55 waiter come in a out of a busy kitchen . sitting in front of a huge lobster tank : leo mihalkov , a severe man with slow , deliberate speech ( in Russian with subtitles ) drink vodka and smoke . hoffstetler & burly russian enter . mihalkov '' Bob . '' how be you ? the group laugh . not hoffstetler . he respond in flat but fluent , unaccent Russian . hoffstetler I be sit like a moron on a concrete block in the middle of nowhere for a hour . I take three taxi to get there . again . ( look at burly ) why can not we just meet here ? it 's the same restaurant every time !! mihalkov I could change my mind . hoffstetler but you do not . mihalkov but I could - ( pour a drink ) so- tell we , '' Bob " - hoffstetler dimitri , comrade - not '' Bob . " who name himself with one syllable ? dimitri / hoffstetler offer he he notebook : in it diagram and anatomical note . hoffstetler hand he the blueprint . mihalkov what be this , dimitri ? sit - sit - hoffstetler anatomical note - and - layout of the laboratory where the asset be be study . everything we need for the extraction . 37 mihalkov I will pass it on to the directorate . mihalkov open a bottle of vodka . pour . mihalkov ( cont 'd ) distill four time - arrive by diplomatic valise . minsk . be not that you hometown ? hoffstetler we must do it as soon as possible - ( beat ) this creature , mihalkov - I think it may be able to communicate . mihalkov communicate . hoffstetler with we . I have reason to believe it be intelligent . it - it respond to language - to music ... ( beat ) will you please pass that up also ? mihalkov I will . a waiter bring three plate of steaming lobster tail and a filet mignon and a pot of butter . the burly Russian eat . mihalkov ( cont ’d ) now - eat , dimitri . they call this '' surf — " burly russian '' , ..and turf '' . mihalkov '' surf and turf '' a feast . they boil the lobster right here . they squeak a little but they be so soft and sweet . kissing my baby goodbye by jon Erik kellso start . 55aa omitted 55aa 55 a 56 56a 57 38 int . herding area - night 55a elisa check she time card . strickland - calmly smoking a cigarette - watch she . she sneak a uncomfortable glance . he smile . she move away . omitted 56 int . laundry area - night 56A elisa and zelda sort the towel , lab coat and dirty linen into thin , tall laundry cart . yolanda and 3 other do as much . elisa fill up itemize sheet - tear they up and put they in the bag . int . loading dock - night 57 - load dock where there be a laundry truck . they load the soile sheet and towel . nearby - a couple of African american and Latin worker be smoking . a cafeteria worker ( duane ) offer a drag - duane hey , Zelda , want a smoke ? zelda that shit 's not good for you , duane . duane feel good . zelda it do , do not it ? she look at elisa . zelda ( cont 'd ) c'mon elisa , just one . elisa shake she head , look at a video camera above they . duane they can not see we , they push that camera up at break time . with the broom - 58 59 39 Lou point at a dirty broom . lou this here 's a blind spot . duane hey , elisa , how come you always take all they boil egg at the cafeteria ? can not nobody eat seven egg a day . zelda , mind you own , duane . leave she alone . duane girl can not speak but she sure can eat . int . long corridor - night 58 elisa push she cart down the corridor . int . lab - night 59 elisa enter the lab with she cart and equipment . close behind she - hear a plaintive whimper - not unlike that of a whale . much to she surprise - the amphibian man be on a plinth . chain to a large metal plate on the floor . chain on he neck and arm , force he to kneel . he look at she . she look around : surgical instrument be ready . light be center on the creature . the creature howl in pain - gasp . elisa drop she lunch bag - - a egg roll out - she move closer - try to free he when - clack ! the door begin to OPEN . she pick up she stuff and hide . strickland enter . remove he jacket . pop a few stick of gum in he mouth . pull out the cattle prod . the creature howl for help . strickland raise the cattleprod . 60 40 strickland miss I ? I take a candy break . this ? be it this that scare you ? you should be use to it by now ... he shock the creature . strickland ( cont 'd ) there you be again . make that god -awful sound . be that you cry ? be that what it be ? you hurt ? huh ? or maybe you be angry ? yeah . maybe you would like to get another bite at I . elisa watch he go over to the plinth , stare down the creature . the creature 's fin '' fluff up '' and change color . it hiss . strickland suck he candy and cattleprod it - make it go wild . strickland ( cont 'd ) I can not tell - be you begging ? ' Cause to I it 's just the worst fuck noise I have ever hear . elisa 's horrify to realize she leave one of the boil egg out . it 's inch from strickland 's foot . he kick it . it roll . strickland pick up the egg . look around . elisa hide , she can barely breathe . cur to : int . corridor '' B '' - same 60 zelda push she cart down the corridor . see elisa 's abandon . look around . zelda elisa ? hoffstetler go by in a golf cart . by he side : a five STAR general , Fleming and a group of mp 's and technician await by 14 . cur to : 61 41 int . lab - same 61 strickland walk towards the bank of medical monitor . elisa tense . the door open . hoffstetler et al , enter . strickland General hoyt ! welcome , Sir ! everything 's ready . good to have you here , Sir ! technician pour in . elisa hide . general hoyt good God . be that it ? ( matter of fact ) much bigger than I picture . strickland ai not that something ? Ugly as sin . the native in the amazon worshipped it - general hoyt well - it sure do not look like much of a God right now , do it ? strickland take a pill or two . hoffstetler examine the creature : blood in he hand . strickland they be primitive , sir . toss offering into the water ; flower , fruit , crap like that ... try to stop the oil drill with bow and arrow . that do not end too well . hoffstetler what happen ? he 's bleed . you can not keep do this - strickland it 's a animal , hoffstetler . just keep it tame . elisa watch from she hide place . general hoyt ( flip through folder ) '' oxygen osmosis - dioxide exchange . '' what be we lookin’ at here , Son ? 42 hoffstetler this creature , Sir - I have never see anything like like it . ever . it can alternate between two entirely separate breathe mechanism ... strickland mudskipper can do that . hoffstetler you want to put a man in space for day , week even , he 's go to have to endure condition the human body just be not make for . but this - this mean long - term survivability in space . this give we a edge against the Soviets . general hoyt how long can it breathe outside the water ? strickland show he a chronometer . tick . strickland really - thirty minute interval . it 's be out now , about ... twenty eight - so we should start to see the effect . they wait . the creature suffer . strickland ( cont ’d ) reality , be , Sir - we do not know jackshit about this thing - general hoyt Soviets want it - we know that much . that cockey bastard - they send a dog up into space - we get a laugh . but next thing we know - they send a human up -- a ruskie , orbit we planet , do God know what ? and then who 's laugh ? krushchev . that 's who - we let he put a dog in space , he laugh , put a commie in space , he laugh , put missile in Cuba . have we learn nothing ? strickland give be a dog , they take Cuba . 43 general hoyt you get that right . they laugh . the creature spasm in pain . hoffstetler Sir . I would advise - they watch as the creature struggle to breathe . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) we need to get he back in the water - — strickland let we go over the mark for once , see where it take we . the creature start convulse . elisa step out from behind the monitor , ready to act . hoffstetler see she . his eye stop she . strickland wait : look at the chronometer . strickland ( cont ’d ) scientist - they be like artist : they fall in love with they plaything . he look right at the creature , who 's gasp , in agony . the second hand on the chronometer cross the minute mark . strickland ( cont ’d ) now - over here , Sir - right here - you see ? ( mirror signal he ribcage ) the creature have a thick jointed cartilage separate the primary and secondary lung - be I explain this correctly , Bob ? hoffstetler ( overlap ) yes - but we have be able to get - strickland it make the x-ray inconclusive ... hoffstetler in principle , yes but , see ? this - 44 strickland Sir - if we want to get the edge on the Soviets - and I know we can - we have to vivisect this thing . take it apart . learn how it work . hoffstetler no - no - that would defeat the purpose - the creature faint and release a large pool of urine on the slab . elisa , watch , be in agony , barely able to restrain herself . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) Sir ? he 's pass out - please . General hoyt glance at strickland , who check the stopwatch and shrug . relieved , hoffstetler give the signal , and the tech rush around the creature . he use he key to free it from the collar and manacle . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) put he in the tank - the tank . let he pressurize . ( beat ) General hoyt , Sir : you cannot - under any circumstance - kill this creature . you cannot - general hoyt Count this with I , Son - there 's five of they : that mean I can do whatever the hell I want . you wanna plead you case ? I will listen ( beat ) but , end of the day , it be my damn decision . the three of they leave . elisa step out . follow they . int . corridor '' B '' ( GREEN screen ) 62 zelda what be you do in there ?? what be you do in there 63 64 45 Zelda be frantic . grab elisa by the arm . pull she away . int . locker room - same 63 zelda be you crazy ? be you out of you damn mind ? ( beat ) I will not lose my job . God know the last time brewster bring home a dollar ... elisa look around with utter impotence . she sign . zelda ( cont 'd ) if you involved - I will get blame ! I will get sack !! yes - i will be !! elisa sign . zelda ( cont 'd ) just to be on the safe side . I be black ! they do not need any other reason - elisa walk away - grab a bucket and a pail . zelda ( cont 'd ) so listen to I : I be not cover for you , you hear ! you should not be in there when you should not be in there - and that be that . int . command CENTER / strickland 's office - same 64 elisa enter the command center - grab a trash bin and watch - - as general argue with strickland and hoffstetler . elisa climb the step . watch - - read they lip - as they move around , the subtitles pop in and out . strickland : untame - dangerous - strickland ( complete line ) that thing be untamed - dangerous - 64a 65-67 67a 673 46 hoffstetler : no . we can not kill it - we cannot - stricklani Russian infiltration - strickland ( cont ’d ) ( complete line ) every day we keep it here , we risk Russian infiltration . we should get it over with . hoffstetler : no - we must - please - hoffstetler no - we must wait - please . the General think , face the window and then turn and deliver he answer . a beat . hoffstetler be upset . elisa pretend to pick up trash . look up : the General and strickland go by . general hoyt crack the damn thing open . learn what you can and close shop here . give yourself a good pat in the back , strickland . you have do it . strickland thank you , sir. she look up : hoffstetler stand alone in the glass office . int . water cylinder , creature 64a the creature float gently . blood flow from he side gile ( prelap ) get he out : dissolve to : omitted 65-67 omitted 67a omitted 67b 67c 67d 67e 68 47 omitted 67c omitted 67d omitted 67e int . gile 's apartment - dawn 68 gile what be you talk about ? no - no- absolutely not . ( she sign ) because it be break the law ! that 's why . gile be get dress - in he best suit . he groom himself incessantly , check he elbow for wear . readjusts the hair . gile ( cont 'd ) we be probably break the law right now , just - talk about it . he walk away . she run in front of he . stop he : Signs . gile translate . she sign . gile ( cont ’d ) alone ? what if he 's alone ? what about it ? we be all alone ! if I - if I take you to a chinese restaurant - would you save every crab ? ( beat ) '' it 's the loneliest thing you have ever see ... '' well there you go - you just say it . it 's a thing - a freak - gile ( cont ’d ) I understand what you be - pushes he . Signs . gile ( cont 'd ) ok , ok , calm down - I '11 repeat it - to you . ( repeat out loud ) '' and what be I ? I move my mouth - like he - and I make no sound - like he . what do that make I ? '' ( more ) 48 gile ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) '' all that I be , all that I have be - ever - bring I here - to he . '' ( beat ) '' him ? ? " what be you talk about ? that thing ? it 's a '' he '' now ? she push he and re-sign , violently : '' he '' gile ( cont 'd ) hey ! watch it ! ( beat ) '' the way he look at I . he do not know what I lack ... or how I be incomplete . he just see I for what I be . as I be . and he be happy to see I , every time . every day . '' ( beat ) '' and now I can either save he now or let he die . never see he eye , see I again . I will not let that . go ... '' he hold she hand . gile ( cont 'd ) I be leave - stop talk . this be important for I , elisa - maybe a second chance for I - I have to go - he pick up the illustration . gile ( cont 'd ) and when I come back I - we will not talk about this . again . there 's nothing we can do . what be we , elisa ? you and i? nothing . what can we do ? nothing . ( beat ) and - I be sorry . but it be not even human . she tremble in rage as she sign . subtitled : '' if we do not do something ... neither be we . '' 69-72 omrrred 69-72 72k ext . ad agency / park - day 72 k bernie gile ! 73 49 gile hey - I be wait - bernie . I know , I be sorry - gile we be go in ? bernie not right this second - you be early . gile no . it 's Monday . you say Monday - bernie I know - I know I say that - you should have just mail the art . gile why ? I want to show it to you . to the team - in person . it 's some of my best work - bernie this be not a good time . maybe later . gile figure it out . gile sure . no problem . what time be good for you , bernie ? bernie remove he eyeglass . sadden . cur to : int . dixie doug be pie - day 73 gile drink milk on the counter . by he side : he art . pie guy you paint that ? he come to gile table , carry a slice of pie . gile nod . pie guy ( cont ’d ) wowee - you be good . gile not as good as a photograph , apparently . but it be good , be not it ? pie guy pfft - I could not paint that . here : on I . serve he the pie . gile for I ? pie guy it 's not key lime - but it 's good . gile ' thank you . pie guy do not mention it . we do not get many like you in here . you seem very educate . I like talk to you . gile oh , well - the thing be ... that 's the thing , I really come here for - mostly - for the - pie guy the conversation ... and the pie be mighty fine , be not it ? gile oh , mmmh - I work alone and my best friend be not much of a ... conversationalist . a African - american couple with they kid , enter . pie guy see ? that 's part of the job here . like be a bartender . you serve people pie , listen to they problem . get to know they . quickly , before he lose he nerve , gile reach out and set he hand on top of one of pie guy 's hand . gile I would like - to know you . better. 51 pie guy , beginning to get a glimmer of what 's go on , slowly pull he hand away . pie guy what be you do , Old man ? gile realize he mistake , freeze . gile er- you - buy I pie . pie guy I buy pie - for everyone . ' cause I get engage last night . to that . young lady over there . point at a young waitress . gile I see ... the pie guy address the African - american family . pie guy hey , no - not the counter - just take out . you can not sit there . you want something , you order , you take it out . mother but it 's empty ... the counter be - pie guy all reserve . all day . you do not sit down . the family leave . pie guy ( cont ’d ) '' y'all come back , ¥’hear ? '' gile you do not have to talk to they like that . pie guy you should leave too . and do not come back . this be a family restaurant . gile spit the pie . start leave . pie guy ( cont ’d ) hey - you leave this - 74 52 pick up gile painting gile no. keep it . it 's perfect for you . ( beat ) I - I never understand why they be so damn happy anyway . so happy about a- slab of animal ... protein - in - in that shade of green - that should come with a warning label .. ( beat ) but I guess they smile because that be they future - you future . just like you pie - this horrible pie . turn around in they nice , shiny glass tower - but taste like ash in my mouth . have you ever see a real key lime pie ? it 's not green . it 's actually beautiful . who make this pie 's who make they ?? what be they - really ? shit. Bright , fake - color shit . make by no one . eaten by no one ... you do not even know where they come from ... do you ? you do not even know that ... he leave pie guy they come from albany , faggot . cur to : int . elisa 's apartment - day 74 elisa scrub she bathtub clean . a knock on the door . she open : it 's gile . gile I have ... no one else - you be the only person that I can talk to elisa be move . Signs '' I , too ... '' gile ( cont 'd ) whatever this thing be ... you need it ... so - just tell I what to do . 75 76 53 they embrace . cur to : ext . sand pile - dawn 75 hoffstetler wait . smoke . the car arrive . int . black sea russian restaurant - same 76 the main room of the restaurant now . empty . mihalkov Moscow will not support you plan . too risky . too soon . hoffstetler what -- mihalkov there be not enough time . hoffstetler but I have tell you , they will kill it -- and it be sentient . I be sure of that now . do you tell they that ? mihalkov I do . hoffstetler and ? ( beat ) I can do it . myself and two operator . mihalkov no . mihalkov pull out a small black steel case and place a SMALL , clockwork driven device - a '' popper '' ( we will see it in action soon ) . mihalkov ( cont 'd ) we have only two choice , dimitri , one : you must delay the procedure , a week , minimum ... 54 hoffstetler that be not possible . mihalkov I understand . which bring we up to option two . take the '' popper . '' mihalkov ( cont ’d ) israeli '' popper '' - you set it next to a fuse box - it will buy you five to ten minute in the dark : no camera - no containment door - then - open the small case . Inside : two syringe full of silvery liquid . mihalkov ( cont 'd ) you inject it with this - hoffstetler inject it ? mihalkov kill it . destroy it - be you all right ? hoffstetler I come to this country - to learn what I could - as a patriot , yes - but also as a scientist . this creature - it should not be kill . not by they . not by we . ( beat ) there be still so much we can learn - he push the syringe box towards mihalkov . mihalkov we do not need to learn . we need Americans not to learn . they do not learn , we win . mihalkov push the syringe box back . 7 omitted 7 55 78 int . cadillac dealership - dusk 78 strickland be admire a beautiful cadi 1962 coupe : all fin . jet tail light . sleek metal body . dealer cadillac deville . best car ever make . v8 , 390 cid , clean , crisp like a fresh dollar bill . climb right in - strickland I be just idling around . the Dealer ( blue suit , blue tie ) open the door use a blue handkerchief . dealer am / em stereo sound , Air conditioner , power window , power break , power steering , power seat ... ( beat ) all deluxe interior appointment choice . 143 option . the Taj - Mahal on wheel . strickland I be not sure about the green . dealer oh , no . not green , my friend . ( beat ) teal . strickland well , teal look green to I . dealer but it be not , see ? it 's a limited edition . twelve coat of paint . Polished by hand . all authentic chrome detail . four out of five successful man in America drive a cadillac . strickland that a fact ? dealer this here be the future . and you strike I as a man who be head there . 788 78 ab 78b 78c 78caa 78ca 78cc 78cd 56 strickland where ? dealer why - the future . you be the man of the future . ( beat ) you belong in this car . strickland climb in . chica chica boom start in the soundtrack . cur to : montage 788 -strickland drive he brand new car . he smile . other Cars honk at he . - driver give he the '' thumb up '' - he be in a dream . -elisa and zelda mop the corridor . 78 ab omitted 78b -strickland enter the complex . goe by the guard shack . 78c - view from cargo area in cinema . in the back alley gile 8 gass a stencil to letter the side of the van : laundry . by he side : the laundry sheet with the logo . he lay the paint . - strickland park he car . 78ca omitted 78ccc - gile pull the stencil and admire he handiwork . 78cd 78ce 78d 78dd 78e 78f 79 79 BA 79r 80 57 - strickland clean a SMALL spot on the fin . 78ce he cross the parking lot , like a king - - and go by the smoking employee . -elisa load towel into a laundry van . 78d omitted 78dd omitted 78e int . lab - night 78 F elisa empty a paper basket . in the b.g. hoffstetler and other scientist monitor the creature on the gurney . elisa approach a small door in the far side of the lab - mark service corridor . hoffstetler watch she surreptitiously . int . narrow corridor - night 79 - elisa peek at the narrow service corridor . walk through it . emerge into - int . loading dock - night 79 BA - the load dock ... int . loading dock - same 79r zelda smoke she cigarette with the gang . she watch as elisa enter the dock and look at the video camera . int . gile apartment - day 80 the music carry on . on tv , carmen miranda dance . gile so I will drive down the load dock - at exactly 05:00 be . ( beat ) ( more ) 58 gile ( cont 'd ) shift be change , yes - so we have ... elisa sign : '' five '' gile ( cont 'd ) ... five minute ... five a.m. five , five . give I you watch . you will move the camera ... we will synchronize we watch . just like the movie . ( beat ) I be so proud of you . you be not afraid . ( elisa sign ) oh , you be ? very ? do not tell I that ! I be terrify ! gile finish reproduce elisa 's id card , use he skill as a draftsman . he hold up the finish 1d . gile ( cont 'd ) I think it 's some of my best work . then he glue he own picture and fill the name - gile ( cont ’d ) Michael parker . a good , trustworthy name . bit butch ... load it in a typewriter : fill in date of birth , etc . gile ( cont ’d ) Age ? I think - fifty one ? elisa look at he . gile ( cont ’d ) fifty four ? silence . use ink to turn the '' 1 '' into a " 7 " . gile ( cont ’d ) oh , you know ? there be no need to be rude : fifty seven - I put the hair on , I can pull it off . now - he model two sweater . gile ( cont ’d ) this one or this one ? I think this one say '' work man '' and move thor ! ( more ) 81 sla 59 gile ( cont 'd ) this one - with butterscotch '' tie - say '' casual but with stylish '' . 1 agree . then we bre ready . cur to : int . strickland 's office - night 81 Music end . strickland stand in front of he wall of monitor - check every detail . he eat little candy . spot elisa clean in a corridor . eat candy . drop a glass of water - on purpose . press a intercom strickland Sally - could you send Mrs. esposito up to clean a spill ? int . strickland 's office - night b1a elisa clean . strickland eat candy . strickland you know ...? I can not figure it out myself - you be not much to look at , but - go figure - I keep think about you . ( beat ) and I have see you , look at I . you have be - look at I ? he peruse he bag of candy . offer she some . strickland ( cont 'd ) when you say you be mute ... be you entirely silent ? or do you squawk a little ? some mute squawk . not. pretty , but - she gather she implement and get ready to leave . he catch she . he touch the scar on she neck . strickland ( cont 'd ) you should know this : I do not mind the scar . do not mind that you can not speak , either . use he fingernail to scrape a small piece of candy from he gum . 82-83 83a 84 85 86 87 60 strickland ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) when you come right down to it - I like it . a lot . kind of get I go ... ( beat ) think you should know this thing . she walk away . strickland ( cont 'd ) hey ! ( beat ) Bet I can make you squawk a little . he walk away . omitted 82-83 int . locker room - same 83a elisa ( bucket in hand ) enter the locker room - cross Zelda on the way out . zelda hurry up , honey - I want to be home early . elisa look at she watch : 4:50 she steel herself and march out . int . men 's bathroom stall - same 84 hoffstetler open the metal case with the syringe . readies it . put it back in and into he pocket . thinks . omitted 85 int . loading dock - same 86 elisa use the broom to push the camera slowly . omitted 87 88 89 int . command CENTER - night hoffstetler march towards strickland 's office . int . strickland's office - same hoffstetler we need to delay the procedure . strickland be read a book by norman Vincent peale . strickland knock first . hoffstetler what ? strickland knock before enter my office . hoffstetler this be urgent - strickland go back out . knock . then I / 1l let you in and we will talk . that 's the protocol . follow the protocol . in spite of himself , hoffstetler obey . knock . strickland ( cont 'd ) come in . hoffstetler enter . he be about to talk when - strickland ( cont 'd ) will you get the door for I ? hoffstetler close the door . strickland ( cont ’d ) see ? that be the way . now - now we can talk . hoffstetler I need more time . strickland no. hoffstetler we should not kill this creature ... 62 strickland look - do not let the fact that you feel like a loser now , that you competitive tendency have be engage — hoffstetler I be not competitive ! I do not want a intricate , beautiful thing destroy . strickland do not let that cloud you judgement - hoffstetler you be like a child with a transistor radio , you think if you smash it open you can look at the inside , see how it work . but you can not . it 's smashed . it do not work . you kill the music . strickland Bob - I do not hear you . Music ? that thing die . you learn . I leave . out of here . settle down . my family settles down . somewhere . nicer . Real . a real city . hoffstetler this creature - and I be certain of this - be intelligent . capable of language , of understanding - emotion . Long beat . minuscule shrug and then : strickland so be the Soviets , the gook - and we still kill they , do not we ? bottom line be , this be not a petting zoo - and I do not want to be in this shithole any longer than I need . do you ? hoffstetler see the camera move on the load dock . strickland remain unaware . strickland ( cont 'd ) do you ? hoffstetler no , Sir , I do not . 90 91 92-93 93a 93b 93c 94 63 strickland a-ha - so I make it so we both win . you can thank I later . sing , sing , sing by benny goodman start omitted 90 int . loading dock - same 91 hoffstetler see the broom and the camera . he get it . he hurry - omitted 92-93 int . laundry area - same 93a elisa pack a laundry cart with wet towel . int . herding area - day 93b end of shift . throng of worker head out . everybody else be punch in . Zelda look around . yolanda hey - what be you wait for ? zelda have you see elisa ? yolanda roll she eye . the elevator start beep . Zelda signal she to '' go . '' she look at the '' out '' card - elisa 's still in . she punch it and - -head back into the complex . omitted 93c omitted 94 95 96 97 64 int . lab - same 95 elisa - with the laundry cart - approach the hold pool . quietly . the amphibian man be half in , half out . when it see she , it retreat . scare . she remove she shoe - enter the water . the amphibian man raise its head above water , look at elisa with huge , pain eye . he hate mankind , but not she . he approach she . hoffstetler quietly enter the room . hoffstetler do you move the camera ? on the load dock ? elisa turn and spot he : caught ! she freeze . he hold up a hand -- hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) be that where you be take he ? through the service tunnel ? ( beat ) that 's very smart - stun , she nod . he hand she the key to the manacle and iron collar . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) who do you work for ? ( beat ) please tell I you be not do this alone . elisa shake she head : '' no . '' he pull out a set of skeleton key and drop they . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) good . listen to I - there be certain thing you need to know ... omitted 96 omitted 97 98 98a 98b 99 65 int . lab - same 98 hoffstetler help elisa get the creature in the cart . hoffstetler Water must be keep at seventy - five to eighty - five percent salinity . hand she a bottle of pill and a few scientific measure trinket . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) his water must be keep at seventy - five to eighty - five percent salinity . mix one of this in - every three day - Raw protein diet be a must . ( beat ) in five minute - I will meet you at the load dock - the light will go out , so be prepare ... she open a side door and enter - int . narrow corridor - same 98a the narrow service corridor . she push the cart . fast . Pov : her watch : 4:57 am int . corridor '' B '' 98b hoffstetler exit the lab - cautiously . then run down the length of the corridor . int . strickland 's office - same 99 strickland turn to the monitor and see hoffstetler run down the corridor . he frown but get distract by - fleming Sir , you need to sign this week 's release form ... offer he a pen . 99r 100 101 102 103 66 int . utility inclined hallway - same 99 k hoffstetler pull out the '' popper '' and set it for three minute he attaches it magnetically to the MAIN fuse BOX . he - -start it . tic-tac-tic-tac - ext . / int . ramp security booth , loading dock - same 100 gile pull up in the van . the Guard ( eat soup ) step out . guard this be a restrict entrance , sir . gile Laundry pick-up . guard turn on the light - gile obey , turn on the interior light in the van . guard ( cont ’d ) you do not look like laundry . gile thank you . guard have you pass ? gile produce he forge 1d . int . corridor - same 101 hoffstetler - move . syringe ready in he hand . int . inclined utility hallway - same 102 the '' popper '' count down ... int . strickland's office - same 103 strickland review the monitor . see the van next to the Security Booth . concerned . strickland who 's that ? what 's that van ? 104 105 105 a give he back the pen . fleming gosh - I do not know , Sir - a laundry truck ? strickland grab the phone . dial omitted 67 104 ext . / int . ramp security booth , loading dock - same 105 guard Michael parker . be that you ? gile I be indeed . Michael parker . fifty seven just as it say right there . he discreetly coiffe he hair . the phone ring . as the Guard examine the pass - the age number smudge it : 57 reveal 51 . guard step out of the vehicle , sir . gile oh , dear - it be not good at this - the Guard pull out he gun . guard out of the vehicle . now . gile would you have believe fifty - three ? guard I will not say it again - out . now . int . strickland's office - same look odd . he 105 a strickland hang up - grab he cattle prod - exit - 106-108 omrtre 106-108 109 110 110 a will 68 int . command CENTER 109 strickland signal to 2 mp as. Fleming trail . strickland follow I . int . loading dock - same 110 elisa emerge from the lab , push the laundry basket into the load dock . zelda ( 0.s. ) elisa ! she freeze , turn to see Zelda in the corridor . zelda ( cont 'd ) be you out of you mind ?!! int . inclined utility hallway - same 110a the '' popper '' count down . ext . security booth , loading dock - same 111 the Guard cock he gun . guard get out . now ! gile struggle with the belt . gile I swear I be not do this on purpose . actually , mechanical object and I - suddenly ( while gile be turn around ) , hoffstetler pop out from behind and plunge the syringe into the Guard 's neck . he fall down and out of sight . hoffstetler go! now ! gile who the - - 2 ? hoffstetler she 's wait for you at the dock ! go! now ! 111a 111b lic 111d 111e 111f 112 the van enter the complex . hoffstetler pull the Guard the shack . int . corridor '' B '' - same strickland overtake the corridor and enter - int . the lab - same strickland stand there . the creature be go he see the skeleton keys on the floor . strickland ( to Fleming ) the laundry Van - omitted int . narrow utility hallway - same 3... 2 ... 1 ... pop !!! it click open and emit a strong discharge . melt the fuse box with a spark . omitted int . corridor 69 into 111a 111b 11ic 111d 111e 111f emergency lighting in the corridor . strickland lead Fleming and the mp 's out of the lab and run down the corridor . int . loading dock - same Van pull up . they push the cart - together - towards the rear door . Ze : open the door , gile come out . Zelda and elisa remove towel from the cart . hoffstetler assist . gile elisa . wha - who be this man ? he have a needle and ... elisa sign . 112 ida 113 114 115-116 117 70 gile ( cont ’d ) he 's with we ? int . van cabin 113 look at elisa : the amphibian man be uncover . gile oh , God - he be so beautiful ! Zelda move the laundry hamper out of the way . elisa and the amphibian man go into the van as gile get in the driver 's seat . gile ( 2 ) ( cont ’d ) be we ready ? be we ready ? hoffstetler close the rear door as the van pull away . he and Zelda move off . int . loading dock - same 114 the Van smashes against the teal cadillac . bammm !! it lock on the bumper . omitted 115-116 int . loading dock 117 the Van be stick on the bumper . it further smashes the cadillac . gile do I do that ? be you okay ? finally , it rip it off . - the bumper tumble away . strickland and the mp 's rush into the dock . strickland shoot after the van . he stop . the light come back on as the van speed away - fleming gun down . we need to re-assess . let he work . let he do he thing . strickland look at he smashed cadillac . strickland teal ... 118 omitted 118 119 omitted 119 120 ext . baltimore highway - same 120 the van swerve through early morning traffic . head for a bridge - and traffic . 121 omitted 121 122 omitted 122 123 omitted 123 123a ext . baltimore bridge - same 123a the Van swerve between car . 123b-12@mrrrep 123b-126 127 int . elisa 's bathroom - same 127 the shower curtain slide . gile help lower the creature into the wait , draw bath . it will not move . elisa put alga into the water . the creature gasp . she sign '' salt '' and run out . gile Salt ? what be you talk about ... Salt ? 128 int . kitchen , elisa 's apartment 128 gile elisa ! 71 129 130 72 she collect the salt shaker from the dinner table - frantically she look through the kitchen cabinet - find a box of salt and she run back . unscrew the shaker 's cap . int . bathroom - same 129 she pour the salt , mix it into the water . no movement and then - a gasp !! the creature 's gill open !! it breathes easier . stir . it look at elisa . elisa smile up at gile . sit by the side of the amphibian man . gile slump down , exhaust . she continue pour salt on the floor . he point to it . they both laugh . cur to : int . narrow utility hallway - same 130 strickland examine the fuse box . Fleming produce the '' popper . '' strickland look at it . smell it : burnt . strickland israeli '' popper . '' smell the ozone . the Russians hate the Jews , but can not get enough of they gadget - ( off Fleming ) how do they get in ?! fleming we have vehicle track mark , sir . we be analyze the tread - surveillance footage and so on and so forth . strickland no one need to know - we have twenty - four hour before I bounce it up - fleming I call it in . strickland you call it in ? fleming the moment it happen , I - 131 strickland 's secretary , sally , rush toward they . sally ( 0.s. ) Mr. strickland , sir? strickland one second , Sally . you call it in ... fleming yes , sir - I do . strickland what be it , Sally ? sally General hoyt be on the phone . strickland 's expression sour . int . strickland's office strickland stand in front of the bank of monitor as the general look at he . hoyt raise a single finger . general hoyt that thing be we Space dog , strickland . you know that - strickland Sir , I be get it back -- I can not be - I do not want to be in a negative frame of mind , Sir . general hoyt so you be feel good ? strickland pick at he soile bandage . blood drip . strickland absolutely , sir- cuh - confident . general hoyt you do not sound confident . strickland but I be , sir. feeling strong . get it back . 73 131 132 132a 132b 74 general hoyt you can get it do . you be gonna get it do . for I , son. for I . cur to : omitted 132 ext . canal - dusk 132a elisa walk by the canal with twin grocery bag . Water trickle down the man-made structure - a sign read : no swimming . no fishing . canal open to sea at 30ft MARK a measure grade on the containment wall read : 15ft elisa look at the water and then at cinema marquee , visible a couple of block away . int . elisa 's apartment - day 132b tune the radio : weather man 1 Storm system be move in from the east and heavy downpour be expect ... a week from now ... she flip through the calendar page and circle a date in red and write : one week . rain . dock gile help elisa unpack the bag : salt , salt and more salt . he pull out a postcard that read : thank you for be my friend . the postcard get neatly set on the edge of the bathtub . elisa prepare to sleep lean against the tub , hold the creature 's hand . gile smile , turn off the light and close the door . 133-135 omrrred 133-135 15 135a int . elevator - night 135 a zelda that 's good , you keep that up . elisa sign , what ? zelda ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) look like you do not know anything . Lord help I if they ask I if I do . I be not a good liar -- ( beat ) except to brewster . take a lot of lie to keep a marriage go ... 136 int . herding area - night 136 elisa and Zelda check in . mp 's watch everyone come in and out . behind the central glass window strickland argue , agitate with Fleming . 137 int . command CENTER - same 137 fleming if you will allow I , sir ? in my opinion , we be look at a highly - train group , Sir . behind the glass , in the corridor : the employee punch in they card . amongst they : Zelda and elisa . fleming ( cont ’d ) I be think - conceivably - sir- special force and so on and so forth . strickland Red Army special force ? fleming conceivably . Fleming nod , solemn . dab he runny snot . fleming ( cont ’d ) a highly - train , well - finance , elite group . ( more ) 137a 137ab 137b fleming ( cont 'd ) infiltration take less than five minute , sir. highly efficient . fearless precision 16 he look out . elisa meet he eye . he smile . she turn away . strickland it 's a theory . run with it . fleming yes , Sir . you will not regret it . CUT to : int . gile apartment - night 137a gile push away he commercial painting and pull out a large portfolio- full of male nude . he take a large sketch pad . int . gile apartment - moment later 137ab gile place a blank paper on he easel . he sketches the amphibian man. int . bathroom - night gile sit on a small chair by the tub . sketch the amphibian man . gile you be not the anomaly , be you ? ( beat ) we be . we be what happen to you ~ do we not ? he sketches the fish man 's eye . gile ( cont 'd ) be you always alone ? do you ever have someone ? ( beat ) do you know what happen to you ? ( beat ) ' Cause I do not. ( beat ) I swear I do not - I look in the mirror and all I recognize be my eye - in the face of this old man . 137b 138-148 149 7 point at himself . gile ( cont 'd ) seem like I be bear both too early or too late for my life . sit by the creature 's side . gile ( cont 'd ) maybe we be both relic . the amphibian man blink . omitted 138-148 int . strickland's office - night 149 strickland stand outside he office - contemplate . roll up he sleeve . video image - rewind . strickland , watch , numb with boredom . strickland 4:10 , 4:20 , 4:30 sally Sir , General hoyt be on the phone . he signal she to go away . strickland I know Sally . I will call he back . 4:40 . just then , he see something on the tape -- hoffstetler . he freeze on hoffstetler . he write down the time : 4:40 be . strickland ( cont 'd ) 4:50 ... 4:50 again . rewind all tape to that time . the camera on the dock move . he toggle between two moment on the same camera : see that someone move it . clearly . 150 150 a 150b 18 ext . loading dock - night 150 laundry be be load . strickland notice a couple of worker ( include duane and lou ) smoking under the camera , go over to they . strickland you - they hurriedly stub out they cigarettes . strickland ( cont 'd ) you smoke out here . because the camera do not catch it . Worker one give worker two a look . strickland ( cont 'd ) do you move it - the camera ? one of they reluctantly nod . strickland ( cont ’d ) do you always meet at the same time ? duane end of lunch break . strickland think . strickland hoffstetler . Doctor hoffstetler - have he ever join you ? confused look - '' who ? '' int . bathroom - night 150a amphibian man awaken , look around - rise from the tub , step gingerly out into the room . int . elisa 's apartment - night 150b gile sleep on a chair in the bathroom . amphibian man take gile 's toupée , try to eat it . toss it on the floor . he look at gile head - sign '' egg '' with he hand . out of the gate by jon Erik kellso start 150 c 150D 79 amphibian man leave the bathroom . on the kitchen table on a piece of newspaper sit three pair of blisa 's shoe next to the duck brush and the shoe polish . the green pair . be it a frog ? he grab a green shoe and try to eat it - spit it out . he see the duck brush -— slowly grab for it and attempt eat it . he pull out the brush while chew it . spit it out . amphibian man sniff . he smell food somewhere in the kitchen . he turn and approach the fridge . slide he hand around the fridge , he open the door , grab a jar of mustard . he lick around the jar - nothing . drop the jar . he take out a bottle of milk - lick around it turn it upside down as milk spill out onto the floor . he try to suck up the last drop of milk , drop the bottle . a leftover piece of green pie sit on the shelf . he take out the pie , lick it , then throw it on the floor . he open the freezer , grab a ice cube tray . he try to lick the tray . his tongue stick to the tray . he pull . it will not come off . he panic !! he grab it with he other hand , pull it off of he tongue . now it be stick to both hand . he pull it off he right hand , then violently flick it off of he Left hand . int . corridor - apartment complex - night 150c Fish man step out into the hallway . he sniff more as he move toward gile 's door . he stop at the door , inhale deeply . int . gile apartment - night 150D amphibian man enter timidly . he see the drawing of himself , stare at they . he crouch down , look at each painting . he catch sight of the tv . mr ed be on . he go over to it , mesmerize by the music . he watch intently . he hear a hiss . he disengage and turn , see lillie bare its fang , hair stand on end . 150e 150 F 151 151a 80 the amphibian man respond in kind . and eat lillie . snowflake approach the creature - hiss . int . elisa 's apartment - same 150e gile awake and he go to he apartment . there - int . gile apartment - same 150f amphibian man be finish eat snowflake . the creature 's paw and face be cover in blood . shock - horrify , gile try to stop the creature . gile no! no! no no !! snowflake ! the amphibian man hiss - and lunge . gile recoil - scared . his toupee be displace to the side . it all seem fine , but then , blood start trickle from a deep cut in gile 's arm . gile ( cont ’d ) oh dear - he examine the cut : a long gash along he forearm . blood pour freely from it . omitted 151 int . locker room 151a elisa and Zelda be ready to leave . hoffstetler appear in the shadow . zelda Holy Jesus ! what be you do stand there in the shadow of the woman 's locker room ?? hoffstetler they may be watch I - and there be no camera here - 81 zelda for good reason - what if you catch we in a inconvenient moment ? hoffstetler I need to know that he be alright ... he hand they a container with algae . zelda he be . hoffstetler good . when will you release he ? elisa sign . a phone ring in the distance . zelda soon - when the rain fill the canal - that open to the sea ... but if you wanna see he - we keep he in hoffstetler no , no - I do not want to know where you keep he - I just want to know that he 's well ... he slide a card . a noise . footstep . he move away . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) if you need anything . she take the card . a phone ring in the distance hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) release he . soon. elisa sign . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) what do she say ? zelda she say : you be a good man , Doctor hoffstetler . hoffstetler smile quietly . move . hoffstetler my name be - dimitri . honore to meet you . he leave . yolanda appear . 163a 164 165 166 166a 166b 82 yolanda hey , dummy ! phone call for you ! CUT to : omitted omitted 163a int . apartment corridor - night 164 elisa run the length of the corridor . int . elisa 's apartment - night 165 she find gile there , bleed from the wound . gile I be fine . do not worry about I . I be fine . I be fine ... he eat pandora but not the pie . he be hungry but not stupid . he 's a wild creature . we can not expect he to be anything else . elisa 's eye widen in horror - there 's a pool of blood under gile 's foot . gile ( cont 'd ) go find he . he 's terrify . go! go find he . ( to cat ) you be lucky . omitted 166 omitted 166a ext . STREET - night 166b she look first one way , then another down the street . behind she , she can hear the movie from the cinema . the usher be deep asleep at the ticket office with a crossword in hand . 167 168 83 the theatre door be open . int . cinema - night 167 elisa enter . it 's dark . the story of RUTH play in the empty theatre . on the screen : the idol of a pagan God topple . Christian slave be crush and scream !! she look out over the seat . no one . no patron . save for one . she go down to where amphibian man cower , hide like a dog that 's be bad . wheezing . the slave on the screen howl in pain . the creature cover he ear . gile 's voice later , elisa would tell I that when she see he there - stand alone , blood-stain but unburdene and unmarre , like nature - right then , she know that he be the one man that would never lie to she - that would never pretend to be anything other than himself .... with great care , she reach out , touch he . he look up , stand down - grateful . mercy . he wheeze rapidly . he 's beginning to have trouble breathe . she take he hand . on the screen behind they : a moment of pious peace . dialogue '' trouble you heart no more ... be strong through this time - for from the widow of you son will issue child , and child 's child ... '' int . elisa 's apartment - dawn 168 elisa ready some iodine and bandage . 169 84 gile I stay awake as long as I could but , well I be not a young man , you know . be he alright ? you sure ? elisa leave to go to she apartment . the creature play with the car . gile ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? elisa ? where be you go ? ( to the amphibian man ) no. no. Kitty . no kitty . do not play with the kitty . he approach gile - mortify . the amphibian man practically crawl . it retract its claw , take gile hand and place it on its own head , and then hold gile 's head - tenderly . gile ( cont ’d ) that 's very nice . thank you . the amphibian man take he hand and place it over gile 's open wound on he arm . gile ( cont 'd ) I - uh - thank you . beautiful gesture but - ah- I do not think that 's sanitary . oh - ha - ha - good boy . off . off . not the cat . not the cat . it retreat and go back towards the car . elisa return with a basin of water . gile ( cont 'd ) I think we need to clean this again . interesting fella . int . bathroom - dawn 169 she pour salt . elisa get Fish man settle back in the tub where he can breathe . she touch he face . gently . her hand linger . he '' blushes , '' change color . Water drip down . 169 a 169b 169 169d 85 the creature stare at she . she blushes . she look at the creature . she reach out , touch its chest . he touch she . bead of water rush from he skin to hers . water seem to inundate she and the entire room . engulfing it all .. fluster , she get up . leave . the creature watch . she close the door . leans on it . thinks . sigh . on the soundtrack : LA javanaise by madeleine peyroux . omitted 169a int . elisa 's bedroom / bathroom - dawn 169b elisa be alone - ready to sleep on the sofa . it 's dark but she 's awake , wire . she have she night mask on she forehead . wind up she clock . she eye the bathroom door . she get up , disrobe . elisa pull the curtain back on the bathtub . amphibian man open he eye . she get in , pull the curtain shut . his marking light up . she close the curtain . they make love . Water splashes all around . cur to : omitted 169 int . bus - night 169d the Bus seem magical - bath by multicolor light . elisa lean against the cold glass and contemplate the bead of dew roll on the window . 169e 170 17 86 camera get closer and closer to one of they . we enter a macro view of it . the Water seem to cede and omitted 169e int . long corridor - night 170 elisa push she cart - wear the red shoe - Zelda catch up . zelda why you smile , hon ? elisa try to suppress she smile . zelda ( cont 'd ) stop look like that . what happen ? beat . elisa smile . Zelda understand . zelda ( cont 'd ) why ? ( beat ) how ?? elisa make a gesture - indicate the peculiar anatomy detail . zelda ( cont 'd ) do he ? have a-? ( beat ) Lord ! never trust a man . pfft - even if he look flat down there ... suddenly 3 mp 's be stand in front of they . with the fleming Zelda , elisa : come with I . CUT to : int . strickland 's office - night 171 yolanda and duane be leave . Zelda and elisa enter . strickland be tired . he look it . this be clearly routine . he rub he eye and almost yawn as he speak - 87 strickland if you know something about what transpire here last Wednesday night , if you see anything out of the ordinary , it be you obligation to report it . under the desk , he remove he shoe - stretch he leg . strickland ( cont ’d ) any detail - no matter how small or trivial it seem ... Zeldelilah ( beat ) Trivial mean unimportant . zelda I do not see nothing out of the ordinary , no - or trivial . my foot be hurt too much - strickland ( to elisa ) what about you ? elisa sign . zelda neither do she . strickland ( sotto ) hoffstetler - Dr. hoffstetler - do either of you see he come in or out of the lab ? zelda well , he work there - do not he ? strickland I mean in a different way - do something different - elisa sign . zelda ( translate ) something trivial ? no , sir- mmhno - strickland I want you to think . people get loose , people pay the price . he look at elisa who stare back at he . her imperturbability mock he . 171a 88 strickland ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) what be I do ? guffaw . beat . strickland ( cont 'd ) interviewing the fuck help - the shit cleaner , the piss wiper - you two - just go . leave . elisa fume quietly and then sign violently . strickland ( cont 'd ) what do she say ? ( straight at elisa ) what do you say ? what do she say ? she be clearly say '' fuck you . '' zelda I do not catch it . I be not look . elisa nudge Zelda and sign again - even angrier . zelda ( cont 'd ) she say '' thank you . '' elisa look at Zelda angrily - go for the pen and paper . Zelda get she up and out . zelda ( cont ’d ) thank you , sir - strickland you know , elisa ? for a mute , you talk too much . string quartet no.1 , 0p.18 no.1 ( Beethoven , ludwig van ) adagio affetuoso pre-lap . int . hoffstetler 's apartment - day 171a a baquelite radio be play the piece . hoffstetler be irone he pants 's crease with mathematical precision . doorbell ring . open the door . burly russian and mihalkov stand there . hoffstetler comrade . please , come in . time CUT : hoffstetler pour some hot tea . 89 mihalkov you extraction papers ... will be ready soon . hoffstetler I be very grateful ... stupid as the american be - it will not be long for they to find I . mihalkov nothing to worry about . they come in , discreetly examine everything , open drawer . mihalkov ( cont 'd ) but I have a question , then - a personal question . I be a little curious . hoffstetler spot the gun in mihalkov 's waist . hoffstetler yes ? go ahead . would you like some butter cake ? burly russian yes . please . hoffstetler go to the kitchen slice a home baked cake . discreetly pocket the knife . mihalkov the asset ... when you injected it , how do it react ? hoffstetler serve the cake . hoffstetler how do it -- mihalkov react . see ? in human the poison work instantaneously while for animal there be a delay reaction . I be curious ... hoffstetler it be instant . burly russian this be very good cake . you make it ? hoffstetler nod . 90 burly russian ( cont 'd ) you be very good at this - mihalkov what do you do with the corpus ? hoffstetler ready the knife . hoffstetler I perform a autopsy . unenlighten . as lenin say , there be no profit in last week 's fish . mihalkov lenin say that ? hoffstetler um . of course . mihalkov get up . put he hat on . go to the door . mihalkov perhaps . perhaps you be misremember . wait for we call . should not be much longer . can laughter pre-lap - 172 int . strickland's live room - night 172 the family watch dobie gillis . elaine , that 's a gelatine parfait . ( beat ) parfait - it 's a french word . means '' perfect '' you like it ? ' timmy dad - dad - can we watch Bonanza ? elaine Bonanza be much too violent . ( back to strickland ) it have little piece of celery and walnut . recipe 's right out of the box - real convenient . they say it 's the future of home cooking . strickland Bonanza be not violent . it 's real life . the way it be . ( more ) strickland ( cont 'd ) the way it be . a man face a problem . it 's up to he to solve it . elaine , you know what I be think today ? we get settle maybe we could get the kid a p-u-p-p-y . tammy , play with she barby - snap - ' tammy we can spell , Mom . elaine , we can go to the park - do something together ? strickland change channel ; the news . Martin luther talk to a massive crowd . strickland puppy become a dog . Dog 's a wild animal we never '' domesticate '' the damn thing -- elaine Language , Richard . Little pitcher have big ear ... 91 King strickland change channel : Vietnam - carson - phone start ringing . strickland they never learn they place . Rover , lassie , Spot ... they be carnivore . we never strip they of they nature ... they will eat you hand as soon as they will take a shit in you yard . elaine Richard ! phone ring . strickland disconnect the phone - strickland do not reconnect it . do not answer it . - walk away . 172a 173 174 92 ext . cadillac / strickland's front porch - night 172a it 's raining like hell . strickland exit the house drink in hand - enter the car . take a cigarette , light it . he uncover he finger : they be black . he press one - it squirt a yellow liquid . and think . cur to : int . elisa' apartment - bathroom - day 173 the tub 's fill up . the creature watch . she open and close the hot / cold faucet . test the water . she take the box of alga that hoffstetler give she . she open the box . she get a idea . smile and look around the bathroom . -open the faucet on the sink . the sink overflow she take the towel - sealing the crack - and use a towel to stuff the space between the door and the floor . the water continue to run — camera goe below 174 - into the theatre - Water pour from above and onto the empty seat and - - onto the scattered customer 's face . they get up from they seat . CUT back : elisa be float , naked , next to the amphibian man - now the entire bathroom be immerse in water . she embrace he - eye close , feel he underneath she and the water on she face . his marking move rhythmically like a melody . she intake and hold . 175 176 93 as the water go above she head . they float underwater . contemplate each other . cur to : int . gile apartment - day 175 gile get up . he absentmindedly put on he robe - fold in he murphy bed and head to he draw table . on it : the large format sketch of the amphibian man ( which be look beautiful ) gile take iodine and cotton and remove the bandage from he arm : the wound be go . he catch he reflection on he reference mirror - and be startle to discover - SHOCK ! ! - his head have hair . a lot of it . it 's grow from he scalp ... and he beard be darker , he skin tighter . he pull he hair - it 's he . look down inside he pajama trousers . gile well , oh , well - hello ! he hurry - int . hallway - day 176 across the hall . mr . arzoumanian what be go on ? I have get water pour into the bible movie . I have four pay customer . I can not afford a refund . gile it 's a pipe . it 's a pipe . i’1l take care of it . I / 11 fix it . mr . arzoumanian I can not have water pour into the goddamn bible movie . gile alright . I / 1l take care of it . elisa ! elisa ! 177 178 179 94 int . elisa 's apartment - same 177 Water spill from the bathroom door . gile tread carefully . gile oh , God - elisa ? knock on the bathroom door . Water project from its entire contour . noise . the door open . Water pour out . Inside the amphibian man and elisa , naked , cover herself with the plastic curtain . gile , soak , laugh . in the soundtrack : trixie Smith sing my unusual man int . gile apartment - same 178 gile towel he hair . gile I be toweling my hair , elisa . my hair . and - and - look at the arm : heal . as if nothing have happen ... you say he be a god . I do not know . he eat a cat ... ( beat ) you know what this mean ? we have to keep he around - just a little bit longer . you do not want to lose he , do you ? ( beat ) we can not just - let he go - like that - we gotta keep he . cur to : int . command CENTER / strickland 's office - day 179 hoffstetler meet strickland . hoffstetler you want to see I ? strickland transcribe it , Sally . sally right away , sir. 95 strickland come on up - I have a few question for you . hoffstetler of course . strickland climb the step to he office . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) thank you . strickland give he some water . strickland have a seat . they sit . hoffstetler how 's it go ? the investigation . strickland well - we have a promise lead . hoffstetler really ? that 's good to hear . they sit . strickland you join we in Galveston . but where be you before , hoffstetler ? where do you come to we from hoffstetler Doctor . strickland Excuse I ? hoffstetler Doctor hoffstetler . protocol. ( beat ) Wisconsin . madison . strickland that 's right - you give up a tenure track position . do not ya ? gave it all up for we . hoffstetler I do . 1790 a 179a 179b 179 179d 96 strickland I suppose you be get ready to leave we now , then - hoffstetler drink . hoffstetler only if the creature be not find . strickland what do you think ? you think we will -? find it ? hoffstetler well , you say you have a lead . Long beat . strickland I do . a handful of star by jon Eric kellso start . int . gile apartment 179aa gile paint a portrait of elisa and the amphibian man . it rain outside . camera dolly across he window and discover - int . elisa 's apartment - dawn 179a the creature eye the rain - almost pain - like a doggie who want out . she watch he touch the glass . she touch he shoulder . scale come off in she hand . omitted 179b omitted 179 '' ext . dock / canal - dawn 179d elisa walk the canal - rain . the water be rise , churn . grow . 179e 179 F 180 181 181a 182 182a 97 near the 30ft mark . omitted 179e omitted 179f ext . brownstone building STREET / lobby - day 180 raining . hoffstetler , lug two empty suitcase into he building . watch from across the street : fleming in he car . int . hoffstetler 's apartment - day 181 hoffstetler enter he apartment . telephone be ringing . hoffstetler hello ? he look around - tense . out the window . mihalkov 's voice extraction be ready . same place , forty -eight hour . hoffstetler forty eight hour ??? they hang up . hoffstetler look out the window . ext . hoffstetler 's apartment - same 181a Pov hoff : a car , light on : Fleming , eat a sandwich and listen to '' norman '' by Sue Thompson omitted 182 int . command CENTER - day 182a Sally await for strickland . sally Sir , General hoyt . 98 strickland tell he I be not in , tell he 1 will call he back . do not put he through - sally no , Sir - he 's in you office . strickland look up : hoyt drink coffee by the window . look directly at he . strickland ( prelap ) I believe I have identify the mole . I will confirm and act on it . 183 int . strickland 's office - day 183 general hoyt at this point we only concern be the asset . do you have it ? strickland still in the wind , sir - general hoyt that will not do . you will have to fix it . strickland yes , sir. T know . but - May I ask one question , Sir ? general hoyt this would not be the appropriate time , I do not think . strickland find a loose thread - stick out from he jacket lapel . tuck at it - hide it - fold it . strickland I need to ask , Sir - respectfully . general hoyt then go ahead , Son . strickland you have know I for - how long ? general hoyt thirteen year . Battle of pusan . 183a 183b omitted omitted 99 strickland yes , Sir - and in all that time , I , I have never once - ( beat ) this be - what happen here be - a man be faithful , Sir - loyal , efficient all of he life . all of it - and he be - useful . and he expect - he have certain expectation in return . and he fail , then - once . only once . what do that make he ? do that make he a failure ? ( beat ) when be a man do ? prove himself , Sir ? a good man . a decent man- general hoyt decent ? ( beat : yes ) aman have the decency not to fuck up - that 's one thing . that be real decent of he . the other kind of decency -? it do not really matter . we sell it - sure - but it 's a export . and we sell it ' cause we do not use it . ( beat ) see ? thirty six hour from now - this entire episode will be over . and so will you ... ( beat ) we universe will have a hole in it with you outline . and you will have go on to a alternate universe . a universe of shit . you will be lose to civilization . you will be unborn . unmade . undone . ( beat ) so - go get some real decency , Son . and unfuck this mess . 183a 183b 184 185-186 186a 187 188 100 ext . bathroom - same 184 bamm !! the door open . strickland enter . almost entirely out of breath - suffocating - gasp . panicked . he try to calm down . wet he face - let the water run . liquid ooze from he hand . he pull at the thread and pull at it - - and it unravel he lapel . he get angry and remove he jacket violently and throw it down on the floor . then he look deep in the mirror . deep eye contact with himself . strickland thirty -six hour . deliver . you deliver . that 's what you do . you deliver . you do not fail - a fly land on he hand , rub its leg . cur to : omitted 185-186 int . gile apartment - day 186a gile - all energy - paint a large canvas image of the amphibian man . elisa go by . she enter she apartment without say a single word . omitted 187 int . kitchen , elisa 's apartment - night 188 elisa rip off a leaf in she calenda : read : rain . dock . the leaf expose now she look at window , pelted by rain . bucket and pail on she floor pick up water from ceiling leak . the creature stand under one particularly big leak in the kitchen . later : elisa peel egg for the amphibian man . he look grey , weak . barely eat . 189 101 he look at she - suddenly , she whistle softly , then sign and then , finally , sing - quietly at first : elisa you will never know just how much I have love you ... you will never know just how much I care ... amphibian man do not react , she put down she spoon and continue - with she impossibly sweet voice : elisa ( cont 'd ) and if I try , I still could not hide my love for you ... you ought to know , for have not I tell you so ... a million or more time she get up and sing to he - the wall of the kitchen vanish and she stand , dress in a sequine gown , surround by a musical stage . elisa ( cont 'd ) you go away and my heart go with you I speak you name in my every prayer ... amphibian man get up , suddenly sparkling , dreamy and attentive . he move close to she and gently take she in he arm . elisa ( cont 'd ) if there be some other way to prove that I love you , I swear I do not know how ... they move close to each other and dance gently , in harmony . elisa ( cont 'd ) you will never know if you do not know now ... at the end of the song / choreography , everything go back to normal . they eat in silence . the creature wheeze . omitted 189 189a 190 190 a 191 191a 191b 102 int . locker room - night 189a Zelda change she shoe - and be about to step out when she spot : elisa , cry she eye out . they look at each other . zelda , elisa . what be it , honey ? int . elisa 's bathroom - night 190 in the tub , the Fish man wheeze as if he be on dry land . zelda oh - no , honey , no - he do not look too good . ( beat ) this be bad . I be go to call hoffstetler ... elisa pour water onto he but it do not help . helpless , she look out the window at the rain beginning to come down outside . int . corridor - night 190 a reading hoffstetler 's card , Zelda dial the public phone . int . hoffstetler 's apartment - night 191 raining . hoffstetler close he bag . leave . close the door . the phone ring . and ring - and ring - ext . back alley - night 191a the amphibian man be weak . gile , Zelda and elisa help he stand under the rain . soaking . he gill and fin extend . gill open . it breathes !! int . corridor - night 191b zelda when I be a little girl - I find a turtle sit out in the middle of the road . cross it slowly . car could run it over any minute . ( more ) 191 BA 1gic 103 zelda ( cont 'd ) so , I pick it up , take it toa pond way back behind my house ... and I laid it down under a big camphor tree , and I think ... '' mmmh - it 's gonna be so happy here '' . and I leave it there . ( beat ) but that night I figure out I have no idea where it be go ... Far as I know it be bring food to its nest or - look to porcreate - or escape a owl . and maybe the worst place to keep it - maybe the place it be run from be that pond under that camphor tree . ( look at the fish ) I do not care . I just do what I want with it ... gile hug elisa : gile you love he , honey - we know what to do ... let he go ... she nod . int . elisa 's apartment - night 191 BA gile leave elisa at she doorstep . she spot the creature by the kitchen window . stand under a water leak . weak . elisa and the amphibian man head for the bathroom but pause . int . elisa 's apartment - night 191c she guide he to she bed . they lie down . she embrace he . he embrace she back . she lean on he chest . close she eye . she hear he heart . ' thump -thump -thump -thump - it become the rhythm of wave , the murmur of the sea . she look up - - at the ceiling , that suddenly become a deep , dark ocean . 192 104 she raise she hand : webbing seem to extend from she thumb to she index . she close she eye and smile . cur to : ext . brownstone building STREET - night 192 sitting in Fleming 's car- strickland spy through a pair of binocular . he look ill - sweaty . fleming Sir - if you do not mind I say so : you do not look too well . strickland shut up ... Fleming lower the window - there be a smell he can not pinpoint . fly walk around strickland 's hand . fleming Sir - do you smell that ? i- I think be it you finger ... they be black , Sir - strickland snatch the binocular . strickland there he be - Doctor fuck shit - bird . fleming there 's no call for cursing , Sir - hoffstetler exit he building , open he umbrella - carry the leather suitcase and a baquelite radio into the rain . strickland get out of the car . I be take it . fleming my car ? strickland eat hard candy - mixing it with pain pill . strickland get the fuck out . fleming out of my car ? strickland do I stutter ? 105 fleming no . not do it . strickland come again ? fleming no - no - that 's it , see ? you be - a very impose man but - ( beat ) we must file - file this . get clearance . call it up - I have be do surveillance . unauthorize surveillance for you - I be not clocking extra time I - rain fall outside . fleming ( cont 'd ) but I draw the line here . enough be enough be enough . we go back . file the form and let central know what you be do . we get a administrative package and allocate resource . then - but not until then - you can take my car or any car you need . strickland shoot he in the face . twice . strickland you never shut up . ( beat ) silence . I just want silence . 193-194 omrrred 193-194 195 ext . sand pile - night 195 hoffstetler smoke under a umbrella . the car pull up . this time it stop further away . rain backlit by its headlight . burly russian climb out . stands in silence . in the rain . hoffstetler fidget . turn on a flashlight - slowly get up , take a couple of step . stop . evaluate the immobility of the burly Russian . 196 197 106 hoffstetler it 's raining like hell , be not it -? he-he - no password today ? burly Russian raise he hand - in it : a gun . he fire twice . one bullet go clean through hoffstetler 's gut - he pull out he gun - a bullet go through he cheek !! cigarette ember float in the air ! pull out he gun and crawl / slip backwards on the mud . look for he glass - one of they shattered . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) no - no - comrade - no - please - the burly russian come to finish the job - raise he gun and - - bamm ! a quarter of flesh & bone fly away from he head . the driver come out and pull out a gun , two shot down he . hoffstetler turn to see - strickland walk rapidly towards he . hoffstetler ( cont 'd ) strickland , thank God ! he go for he gun . strickland stop he . strickland you be speak Russian , Bob . strickland hook / yank hoffstetler around by the hole in he cheek . take he under a - omitted 196 ext . filtering station / sand pile - night 197 hoffstetler augggh - what be you do ? I need to go to a hospital . I be bleed - his flashlight illuminate strickland 's glaze eye . strickland what 's you name ? you real name . 107 he drop he on the ground . the cloud in the overcast sky rumble with thunder . hoffstetler strickland - you know I - I be Robert hoffstetler - strickland kick he on the wounded area . hoffstetler grunt . strickland do not lie . you do not need to . bullet go through you gut . shit be mixing with you blood right now - poisoning it . blood and shit . can you imagine ? you be dead . hoffstetler they x11 find I . strickland who ? the same people that try to kill you just now ? come on '' bo b '' you work for a government ... you know they do not give a fuck about you or I - he put he finger inside hoffstetler 's cheek injury and hook he aggressively . hoffstetler scream in pain . excrement and blood spurt out of he wound . hoffstetler augh - no - please - listen to I . strickland I be gonna need the name , rank and location of the entire strike team . hoffstetler Strike team ? strickland the one that take the asset . Zap . kick . kick . Zap. hard candy . strickland ( cont 'd ) this candy . it 's cheap candy . I love it since I be a kid . some favor more sophisticated snack - nougat center and all that fu-fu shit . but not I , Bob . this be it for I . ( beat ) ( more ) 108 strickland ( cont 'd ) sometimes , if Im feel anxious , I just bite right into it - chew it to piece . but - ( kick , kick ) - most of the time - I just take my time . I make it last . strickland shock hoffstetler with the Alabama howdy - do . strickland ( cont 'd ) name , rank and location of the entire strike team . hoffstetler laugh weakly . get shocked again . strickland ( cont ’d ) name ! rank ! now ! hoffstetler ( weak laughter ) no name , no rank , they ... ( beat ) they just clean ... strickland come to a impossible conclusion : strickland piss wiper ... shit cleaner hoffstetler ( quietly , in Russian ) I be not one of that who leave they land ... to the mercy of the enemy . I be deaf to they gross flattery . I will not grant they my song strickland cattleprod hoffstetler for too long . his wound and mouth emit a bit of smoke cur to : 198 int . kind of crappy row house - night 198 porcelain sparrows in flight adorn the wall . a lovingly - decorate , humble home . Zelda be fry some Brussels sprout with bacon . knock knock. 109 zelda alright brewster . I be gonna fix you dinner and then I be go to run out for a little while and help a friend . her husband brewster sit in he barca-lounger . we get the feel brewster do a lot of sit . brewster help with what ? zelda helping a friend . brewster Zelda . door. she lower the burner and come to the door . zelda well - you could well help I answer the door , brewster ! you be lay there - not ten foot away . brewster my back be act up , woman . open it . zelda you back . you back . always you back . ( surprised ) Mr. strickland , what -- strickland barge past she into she house . pop a handful of pill . zelda ( cont 'd ) what be you do here --? strickland and brewster size each other up . strickland where be it ? where do you take it ? zelda what be you talk about ? strickland the thing in the lab . where be it ? zelda I be sorry , Mr. strickland , if I know anything I would surely tell you , but - — strickland would you ? perhaps you would , if you know exactly what be at stake . if you know that all can be take from you - if you be to - out of some misplace loyalty to a traitorous friend - be untruthful . brewster weigh he option . half - watch tv . strickland ( cont ’d ) that story about samson . I never tell you how it end ... ( beat ) after the philistine - torture he and blind he - samson ask God for the strength he need - and at the last minute - he be spare . for samson be a good man and a man of principle and the Lord give he strength back to he . one last time . and just then , strickland grip the finger - strickland ( cont 'd ) and he hold the column of the temple with he powerful arm and crush they - and he bring the whole building down on the philistine . - and rip they loose !! blood pour out . he grab a gauze . clamp he hand . strickland ( cont 'd ) he kill they all . he die . but he get every single one of they motherfucker . that be he will . pull out he gun . strickland ( cont ’d ) that 's how powerful he will be . ( beat ) now , do you know what that story mean ? for we , delilah ? ( beat ) ( more ) 110 198a 198b 111 strickland ( cont 'd ) it mean that if you know something you be not tell I , you will tell I . either before or after I bring this particular temple down upon we head . I be , for the time be , the true plight of the negro , Zeldelilah ... brewster 's have enough . brewster gal do steal that thing right out the lab ! whatever it be ! I hear they talk and talk and I have make my mind about it !! they both look over , a little stunne that he 's speak . brewster ( cont 'd ) mute girl take it . she 's who you want to interminate . Zelda 's eye narrow . strickland ( hold he spurting finger ) thank you very much , Mr. fuller for you assistance . brewster do not say nothin’ of it . omitted 198a int . crappy row house - night 198b zelda what have you do - ( beat ) I have to warn she . he 's go after she -- brewster get between she and the phone . brewster you will not do such a thing , woman . I just save you life . why you worry about she ? bitch deserve to be go after , she break the law . 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 Zelda push he . stare at he , hat he and all he be not . dial quickly . zelda shut up , brewster ! shut up ! for year - you do not talk and now you can not shut you mouth up . damn you brewster ! you would not understand . you could not understand . not if you try you whole life - she love he . ( beat ) she love he on the phone now . omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted zelda ( cont 'd ) gile , that you ? put elisa on . ( then ) elisa , honey , you gotta listen to I , make a sound in the phone if you can hear ... good . he 's come for you . you get to go now and take that thing with you . give the phone back to gile ... int . elisa 's apartment - night elisa hand gile the phone . gile what be it ? 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 112 206 207 208 209 209 a 210 113 she enter the apartment , walk to the tub and extend she hand towards the creature , help it out of the tub . ext . arcade cinema and tenenment build - night 206 strickland be already pull up . he take the stair — omitted 207 ext /int . corridor / elisa 's apartment - night 208 strickland finish climb the stair - take the corridor and bashes open elisa 's door . no one there . he look around : look in the bathroom . algae in the tub . strickland dammit . he search the table , pick up a egg . check the kitchen , spot the calendar and the note : rain and dock . strickland on the phone in the corridor . strickland ( cont ’d ) they be at the dock , Sally . send back up and a containment unit . we will get they . he slam down the phone and go out the fire escape door . omitted 209 omitted 209a ext . dock / canal - early dawn 210 rain . falling on they : gile park the van - take a flashlight and go around the van . he open the door . elisa hold the amphibian man in she lap . gile come on . we have to go . come on . 114 elisa take the creature to the edge of the water . the amphibian man look at the water - murky , dark and cold and then look back at gile . gile remove he hat and place the amphibian man 's hand on he newly grow hair . the amphibian man take gile 's hand and place it on he head . gile smile goodbye and walk away with he flashlight . the amphibian man let out a quiet , heart - break whimper and move towards she . she sign fast - '' go. alone . without I . '' the creature stand in the rain - streak of it run down he face and cheek , like tear - so many tear . slowly - deliberately , he sign back at she . elisa cry openly . move to he . - towards the water . the creature look at she . hesitates . caught between freedom and she . she turn she back . he look at the murky water . strickland have arrive - gile turn . strickland knock he down in two move . she turn to warn the creature - try to scream - but she be mute - a painful hiss emerge from she throat - she try again . fail . strickland shoot twice . the creature 's back explode in a cloud of blood . it fall . distant siren be hear now . elisa step between the creature and he - strickland raise he revolver . shoot a third time . elisa turn . she feel a hole in she coat . elisa discover - almost casually - that she have take a bullet in she chest . she fall next to the amphibian man . she turn to the creature . gile pick up a break piece of wood from the floor . Hit strickland . strickland fall . 115 he lose the cattle prod . gile run to elisa , cradle she . strickland slowly get up . he empty the chamber and start reloading the gun . the creature - its bioluminescence marking ablaze - rise from the ground , head towards strickland . strickland be shocked - now the chromatophore in the amphibian man 's body seem to glow and get brighter . the amphibian man push the gun away . around he head : a shimmer halo of bioluminescence . strickland fuck - you be a God . the amphibian man deploy one of he finger claw and swiftly , calmly - - he slice strickland 's throat . strickland fall down , bleed . patrol car arrive . the creature look at gile and then move towards elisa . he embrace she tenderly : they eye meet . strickland , on the ground , be die gile be with elisa . the creature lift elisa from the ground with infinite tenderness . she caress he face . he caress she . policeman pour out of the car . Zelda break through the group . move towards gile ... the creature stand on the edge of the pier , hold elisa . he jump into the water and disappear . the cop stand there look at each other . gile move to the edge of the pier - look down . Zelda come to he side - tremble . tear streak she face , mixing with the rain . zelda they be together , be not they ? gile yes . I believe they be 211 116 they hold hand . gile / narrator if I tell you about it - what would I say ? that they live happily ever after ? I believe they do ... that. they be in love - that they remain in love ? I be sure that be true underwater 211 elisa and the creature sink softly , gracefully . Fish dart by - odd drift object ... empty food acan , a alarm clock ... the creature kiss she - a kiss so gentle - and cover she wound with he webbed palm . gile / narrator but when I think of she , of elisa - all that come to mind be a poem . make of just a few truthful word ... whisper by someone in love , hundred of year ago ... ( beat ) '' unable to perceive the shape of you , I find you all around I . you presence fill my eye with you love , it humble my heart , for you be everywhere . '' he then let she body float away from he - - hold she but by the hand . her head , crown by a halo of hair . she gasp ! drown ! spasm ! he hold she down ! she grow still . and just as he release she ... the scar on the side of elisa 's neck open - revealing gill . she open she eye and look at he . alive . he embrace she . Blue and red light illuminate they from above . camera pull back until they become small , blurry figure shifting in and out of focus from we field of vision ... the shape of Water .