the losers written by Peter berg &amp ; James vanderbilt February 2007 fade in on : the desert . sizzle dune . harsh . unforgive . Afghanistan - Three year ago we hear faint scream . a man begging ... man ( o.s. ) no ... please ... there 's no way ... Sand dune stretch to the horizon . nowhere to run ... man ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) nothing ... can defeat ... a shadow fall across the sand . then a second . one look like a Dog 's head . the other like ... man ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) gojira . hand puppet shadow . laughter from other men . " godzilla " pursue " Dog head " , catch he , and begin humping he . man ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ooooh , gojira ! you the best ! I love you long time ! second man ( o.s. ) c'mon Jensen , you in or not ? whip pan to the puppeteer and freeze - frame on : Jensen . 20' , Lennon glass , wild blonde hair , shirt open . bald eagle tattoo on he chest . resume speed : jensen and get cheat again ? whip pan to and freeze - frame on : pooch . mid 30' , black and solid . Eagle tattoo on right bicep , he nine month old daughter's face tattooe on he leave . currently mock offended . resume speed : pooch the pooch do not cheat . the pooch may lie , the pooch may steal -- 2 . jensen -- the pooch may refer to himself in the third person -- pooch -- but the pooch will not cheat . jensen the pooch can rest easy , I be refer to cougar . whip pan and freeze frame on : cougar . Age unknown . Tan camo cowboy hat pull low over he eye , long hair . sniper rock - God . he do not say or move much . ai not no rattling he . resume speed : roque ( o.s. ) it 's liar 's poker , Jensen , how in the hell be the man gonna cheat you at liar 's poker ? whip pan as he ask the question and freeze frame on : roque. 30' . Close cropped black hair . if lance armstrong breed with darth vader . do not smile much , but he 's smile now . the four be in ext . humvee -- day open air , the guy sit in the back . in the middle of the desert with nothing to do but wait . roque hold the deck . roque card . the four take they . lick the back , slap they to they forehead -- two deuce ( Jensen and roque ) , a three ( pooch ) , and a eight ( cougar ) . pitiful card . jensen get a feel about this one , roque . roque you mama have that feel too . at which point , jensen pull a knife ... ... and toss it into the center of the circle . he bet . roque respond by toss a .357 magnum from he belt in . 3. roque ( cont 'd ) raise you . pooch ( intrigued ) that the one with the hollow point ? roque yup . pooch oh , shit , I be definitely in then . he put in a Desert Eagle . Jensen pull a second , meaner look knife . twirl it . jensen this even I up ? roque exactly how many knife do you have , anyway ? Jensen grin and stab it down into the pot . pooch cougar - you bet . the Silent man stare at the other . two deuce and a three . he shake he head at they . before he can bet ... voice ( o.s. ) hey , loser ! whip pan to clay . mid-30's . they leader , and you gotta be a bad - ass to lead this crew . tire eye . a weariness to he already . and hand faster than you can imagine . clay it 's time ... smash to : ext . humvee ( moving ) -- day ripping across the desert . pooch drive , clay shotgun , other in the back . pass a computer tablet to Jensen : 4. clay authenticate and backtrace . pooch ( grumbling ) send we out to the middle of nowhere to " wait for instruction " ... jensen ( finishes checking ) we be good , this baby come out of the Kandahar spook Station , controller 's codename be Max . he hand the tablet back . roque ( distaste ) this be a Agency gig ? clay we do not get to pick what need to be do . ( read from tablet ) quaeda - wannabe name of fadhil be run a terrorist assembly line out around the khyber pass -- jensen I be shocked . shock , I say . clay we find it , we paint it for a laser target bomb . no muss , no fuss . roque for that we have to put on a blindfold and turn around three time ? pooch you would rather take on fifty muja with AK 's ? he upshift a gear as the humvee drive on ... CUT to : p.o.v . -- through binoculars a terrorist look fellow talk with another . we be ... 5 . ext . desert bluff -- afternoon we guy , now in full on Black ops special force combat desert fatigue , perch high above what look like a run down afghan prison . roque with the field glass : roque I get eye on fadhil . clay paint it . pooch fire up the laser designator and aim it at the compound . a high pitch whine as he do ... pooch call I Michelangelo . cougar sight down the laser scope of he long rifle . just take in the scenery . Jensen , into a field radio : jensen dropkick , this be pinball , confirm eye on , target be designate . ext . afghan sky -- day a desert hawk roar through the sky , enroute to target . radio voice ( o.s. ) ( filter ) Roger , target acquire , exfil chopper be enroute . eta to firework be eight minute . ext . desert bluff -- day jensen Roger , we will break out the earplug . ( to the other ) so who want to get a game ? we get eight minute - and then , for the first time cougar speak . with concern : cougar boss ? clay immediately look through he scope -- 6 . a group of child -slave on the ground by the prison , be lead off a truck . the other look too . reacting : clay call it in . jensen ( into radio ) dropkick , child be at target site , repeat , we have eye on child at target site - advise . radio voice ( o.s. ) hold the line ... static . second tick by ... radio voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) acknowledge , maintain position . roque maintain position ? Colonel - jensen ( into radio ) dropkick , we strongly recommend cancellation of payload delivery - radio voice ( o.s. ) abort order can only come from mission controller - clay grab the radio from Jensen : clay Mission Controller be Agency , codename Max , repeat , codename Max , so get he on the horn and - radio voice ( o.s. ) already have , pinball , you order stand . prep for exfil . static . a beat . the other stare at clay . clay cougar ? cougar take the butt of he rifle and smashes the laser designator to bit ! clay , into the radio : 7. clay ( cont 'd ) dropkick , this be pinball , target equipment have suffer system failure , be call a abort . static . then , a different voice : max ( o.s. ) well , that be stupid . the voice be even . distinctly unmilitary . almost stone . clay who be this ? this be a secure military network -- max ( o.s. ) very stupid , Colonel ... Franklin ... clay . clay blink - no one use name on comm . clay Max ? there be child on site - max ( o.s. ) and you think I do not know that ? not the sharpest of knife in the drawer , be you ? we lock coordinate the moment you paint ; delivery will occur on schedule . Max out . static . clay hit the send button to respond - get a squelch . cursing , toss the radio to Jensen : clay shit! Jensen , call the General at the firebase , get he to abort - jensen can not , they be jam we - roque then contact the plane directly - jensen ( try all channel ) negative , we be screw ! ( looking up ) there 's nothing we can do ... 8. his face , stricken . they all be . and then : clay there 's something we can do . clay heft he rifle . the other stare at he . automatically begin check they own weapon . roque run it down for they : roque five against a fortress , and we have get maybe six minute before a airstrike set the world on fire . clay so ? roque so , I will drive . CUT to : ext . al ghozar fort -- day wham ! bad guy fire wildly as we guy ' humvee plows through the gate ! pooch I guess we be go with the fifty muja with AK 's option after all ! a series of shot -- we see just how good this guy be . cougar on he knee in the back -- snipe single shot kill -- take out seven men . roque pull to a halt in the center of the compound -- bad guy , come out of the woodwork with automatic weapon . as the guy hop out : clay pooch and Jensen , get a truck for the kid , the rest of we will be out in five - roque ( checking watch ) - airstrike 's in four and change - clay - out in four . on I ! 9. clay lead zone coverage toward the building -- roque and cougar run middle -- quick death strike . image blast fast and savage as this man kill there way into the fort . int . al ghozar fort - khyber pass - continuous roque calmly kick in the door -- kill five men sit around a table with two young girl in the middle -- the terrify girl run to he . the bad guy have no chance -- fast. precise . spectacular . we crew take the fort . moving through a tight hallway , they find the child lock in a large empty room . they start lead they out . one little boy stop clay . in pashtun : little boy clay check the time . 3 minute to airstrike ... clay ( to roque and cougar ) get them out . roque and cougar hustle the kid toward the exit while clay move downstair into the darker sublevel ... int . al ghozar fort -- darker sublevel -- continuous clay kick in a door to find a man - loom over a shackle boy . unbuckle he pants . the man pale . realizing the american understand what he be about to do , back away , begging in pashtun : pervert Omar doesn't move . instead , he eerily raise he hand and wordlessly point to a cell . in the corner . and clay hear a moan emit from it . vaguely human . Omar lower he arm . go upstairs , drag he bear . 10 . clay turn . approach the cell . look down into it ... it 's clear from clay 's face that it 's something horrific . something horrific ... shooooot meeee ... clay you be american ? something horrific ... Max send you ... clay ( surprised ) how do you know that name ? something horrific ... be ia field ops hunt rogue agent ... Max catch I ... he torture rasp and spit small chunks of death ... clay Max be rogue ? something horrific lean forward out of the shadow ... something horrific you be off -mission be not you ? clay just stare . something horrific ( cont 'd ) what 's the mission ? clay fadhil . something horrific Max do not care about fadhil ... he 's clean up the mess . you be he mop . I be the mission .... clay 's just stare into the burn , craze eye of something horrific . something horrific ( cont 'd ) kill I ... clay I can get you out - 11 . something horrific already dead ... kill I - blam ! a bullet pierce what use to be leave of something horrific 's chest . not fire by clay ... something horrific ( cont 'd ) thaaaank ... and he die . clay turn - cougar . lower he rifle . speak one word . cougar mercy . hold up he watch . 40 second left . speak another : cougar ( cont 'd ) run. ext . al ghozar fort -- day clay and cougar burst from the fort , firing and running full tilt towards the commandeer truck load with kide . as they leap into the back , pooch hit the gas : pooch Jesus , you stop for coffee in there ? as he run over two bad guy try to stop they at the gate . the sound of a jet approaching . roque to Jensen : roque what kind of blast radius we look at ? Jensen , calculate on the computer tablet . show a animation mock - up to roque - huge blast radius . to pooch : roque ( cont 'd ) drive . much . faster . ext . skie above al ghozar fort -- day the Fort and the retreate truck below we mere speck as the desert hawk swoops in and release its payload ... a moment of silence as it fall ... and then strike below , a orange fireball ballooning outward ... 12 . ext . truck ( moving ) -- day ripping across the dune , fireball expanding behind they ... jensen I think we be in the clear - as the fireball engulf they . int . truck ( moving ) -- day in the middle of the firestorm : all pooch can see be flame through the windshield as they plow through the destruction . glance in the rear - view : pooch uh , coug ? cougar 's sleeve , fully ablaze . he casually rip it off and toss it out the back . through the windshield - the fire clear ... to reveal a 30 foot drop . the guy scream as they plunge over it ... whoomp ! the truck bury itself nose first in the sand . ext . afghan desert -- day silence . smoke rise from a crater that be once the Fort . the door of the truck creak open . most of the youngster giggle . fun ride . as the guy help they out : jensen yeah , that be great , be not it ? my favorite part be when we be completely on fire . what be yours ? sound of a blackhawk chopper approaching ... pooch exfil income . how be we gonna explain the kid , Colonel ? clay do not seem to hear he . pooch ( cont 'd ) Colonel ? ( clay look up ) the kid . what do we tell them ? 13 . a beat . clay seem to shake off he daze as the blackhawk set down . walk up to the chopper : clay Lieutenant , you be to evac this civvy to the firebase immediately - blackhawk pilot negative , we order be to transport a five - man team only . clay 's eye dart down to the Pilot 's neck . a silver crucifix hang around it . clay , softer : clay you really want to leave twenty three kid in the desert to die ? a beat . blackhawk pilot not enough room for they and you ... clay then it 's they . the Pilot nod . we guy begin load the kid on ... jensen clay help Omar on last . the kid look at he . he know perfectly well what clay save he from in that basement . omar clay nod . a beat . the Pilot pull the stick back and the chopper ascend . the kid wave goodbye to we guy . Omar , hold clay 's gaze as they rise . only break as the chopper begin to recede into the distance . the last clay see of he be that ratty little teddy bear ... pooch cute little bugger . hope they can make it to we court-martial . 14 . roque relax , pooch , we be not go to be court - martial - if anything , we be go to die of thirst wander the desert , right Colonel ? clay ( ignore this ) Jensen , see if you can cut into that blackhawk 's chatter -- I want to know if he rat we out . as Jensen tune he radio ... pooch so , how we get back ? hitchhike ? Magic carpet ? I say magic carpet ... roque ( noticing ) guess they hustle up some air support after all - that 's a pakistani mig up there ... Jensen 's tuning into the mig 's frequency . look nervous . jensen guy ... this be bad ... turn up the volume : mig pilot ( o.s. ) Max , cobra one . bandit lock , twelve o'clock low ... they eye go wide with understanding .... max ( o.s. ) understood , cobra one. kill bandit . clay and cougar have already begun running towards the recede chopper on the horizon . as the mig swing in behind the blackhawk .... mig pilot ( o.s. ) ( calmly ) Fox one . woosh ... the mig fire - AIR to AIR missile ... whoomp ! the blackhawk 's tail rotor sheared off , the chopper spin and fall but still intact ... 15 . pooch , the pilot , from somewhere scream : pooch auto-rotate , go with it , you can still put she down if you - from the radio : max ( o.s. ) and again . clay no ! mig pilot ( o.s. ) ... Fox two . the second missile from the mig slam into the blackhawk proper . Burning , spin ... falling . clay and cougar , scream by the time they reach the wreck ... omar' teddy bear , blackening to a crisp . clay try to dive into the flame , but cougar drag he back . no use , anyway ... nothing 's alive inside . slam to : int . pakistan - karachi safe house -- day a safe house . a large man stand in the shadow , watch as roque , Jensen , pooch , cougar , and clay yell back and forth at fennel - a CIA handler : fennel what be you talk about " max ? " clay he set up the operation - fennel there be no operation ! you be never radioe order ! clay I talk to he ! 16 . fennel you kill a friendly afghan warlord , probably lose we the support of half the tribe in the region , and you alibi be " max ? " ( pause ) wait - be you say you be Max ? clay what ? fennel Colonel , Max be a Agency code for a rogue agent or operation - clay what be you talk - large man ( o.s. ) there be no specific Max . the large man finally step out of the shadow . special force , like we guy . WADE . they know he . WADE " Max " be catch - all for exactly what you have be accuse of . terminology 's be around since the 50' . silence as the guy take this in . clay we do not kill that kid , Wade . Wade study he . finally : WADE I believe you . fennel sigh . fennel stay here . we will be back . they watch Wade and fennel leave . now alone . silence . after a bit , pooch look down . under a little table ... pooch Wade leave he suitcase . 17 . it hit they all at the same time . roque ah , shit ... they bolt for the door . locked . run to the window . three floors up and it have bar on it . clay ( nodd to the case ) Jensen ? jensen I be not good with bomb , man - clay I do not care -- roque , pooch , get that bar off ! roque and pooch - swiss army knive out . phillip head attachment , slotting they into the screws that hold the bar window frame in place ... Jensen pop OPEN the briefcase . wire and dial aplenty ... jensen oh , shit . oh , shit ... clay time ? first set of screw out , move onto the second ... jensen it 's a remote detonator - - enough for they to get clear , maybe ten more second - clay can you - jensen I tell you , I be not good with bomb ! how be that bar come ? second set out , move onto the third and final .... pooch hurry ... 18. roque shut up . pooch hurry ... roque shut up ... third set out , rip the frame from the window ... ext . karachi safe house -- same wide on the CITY block : as the safe house explode ! debris fly far enough to shower the open air bazaar be hold two block East . hold on the smolder ruin . as we slowly fade to ... ext . new hampshire airbase -- night a rain slicked tarmac . marine carry five flag draped coffins off a troop transport carrier . we guy ' family watch . clay 's mother . Jensen 's girlfriend . pooch 's wife and daughter . tear in they eye . intercut with ... int . CIA backroom -- night somewhere secret . we guy ' personnel folder . each be open . each be stamp " deceased " . back to ... ext . new hampshire airbase -- night as the Marines salute the pass coffin . pooch's wife lower she head , weep . CUT to : black screen . over it in SMALL letter : the losers fade up : ext . suburban house -- night a nice quiet neighborhood . White picket fence , the whole nine . we're watching from outside the kitchen window of a cape cod two story . pooch's wife jolene do dish . older . Hair cropped . Springfield , Massachusetts - now . 19 . she dry she hand and head upstairs . we catch a glimpse of she in the upstairs hall . then in she daughter 's bedroom . 4 year old now . Mom , put she down . in the backyard , by the swingset , a figure watch . pooch . indulging in a nightly ritual ... ext . CITY street -- night Mexico City . carnivale . Day of the Dead . jester and mask . Music . a man with a cowboy hat walk among they . cougar . see mexican Police eyeing he . walk a little faster . hat pull low as firework explode above ... ext . desert strip mall -- night Phoenix , Arizona . a late night internet cafe , wedge between a donut shop and spin studio . jensen sit . alone . play interactive on-line combat ... ext . hollywood , FL - hollywood dog track -- morning Hollywood , Florida . dog in full sprint . a few thousand spectator . not the derby , but reasonably enthuse . in the cheap seat -- clay and roque . Three year older . but in no way bolder . they look almost ... Broken . roque 's get he foot up . suck lazily on a straw embed in what look like a soda pop . clay 's get binoculars , follow the action on the track -- muscle shred greyhound tear over the dirt . one cross the finish line . roque check they ticket . yawn . roque ( flat ) you lose again . clay we lose again . clay 's get the binocular up , slow - check the track . roque you place the bet . clay you give I the money . 20 . roque well , that be stupid of I , be not it ? clay drum he finger along the binoc as he scan . we see on he right hand , between he thumb and index finger - a tattoo . a teddy bear . look just like Omar 's ... roque ( cont 'd ) that make , what , three in a row ? clay four. something glint-flash ... catch clay 's eye . he look across the track , towards the parking lot . roque you know where you be mess up ? you be put all we money on the dog with the best odd . clay yeah , I have just go crazy with that approach . clay scan the lot -- a young woman in tight jeans walk towards a black pick up , carry a pair of binoculars . roque never play a longshot , you be never gonna win . clay do not respond . watch she . roque exhales . roque ( cont 'd ) we be at a dogtrack at 10 a.m . - could this get any more sleazy ? clay maybe if we be drink . roque take a pull on he straw . roque you be not drink ? ext . florida -- mcdonald's parking lot -- afternoon clay and roque wolf Big mac in a 1988 chevy Crew cab . family eat outside . kide play like hamster in tube . 21 . clay we will stay two more day , try to get some of the cash back . roque then what ? clay Miami . jai-alai. various people walk to and from they car . clay and roque shield they face from they instinctually . roque I can not take much more of this . clay we be on the run . it occasionally involves running - roque I be serious . grind out lunch money on five dollar sport bet , wince everytime some overly aqua - netted cow stare at my face for more than two second - ( delicately ) I be at the point where I be think we ought to try to reach out to the company ... clay all we do be say the word " Max " and they blow up a building . CIA even get a whiff of where we be at , they will call in a airstrike . ( shake he head ) until we figure out how we can take Max down and get clear , we lay low . a Metro dade police cruiser roll into the McDonald 's . clay watch close as it pull into a parking spot ... roque due respect , you be nobody 's Colonel anymore . clay anytime you want to move along you go right ahead - 22. roque like the other ? least I still talk to they . you push they away . " Max this , Max that " - we never even see the guy , clay - clay we hear he voice . guy with a voice be a guy with a throat . and if he 's get a throat ... roque ( in disbelief ) we be hide out in the parking lot of a goddamn McDonald 's -- you actually think we be in any position to take on some shadowy CIA super - spook ? clay roque - roque no , it 's a stellar plan - we can use this as we base of op ! ( gesture to the playground ) pooch can run the motor pool out of the ball pit and Jensen can set up communication by the slide ! clay , see one of the cop say something to the other ... clay go. roque fire up the engine as the cop get out of the cruiser . pull smoothly into the street ... ext . motel six -- afternoon roque pull up to they shitbeater Motel . tension still between they . he get out , turn back to he friend : roque I be there too . I remember . but he win . we lose . ( pause ) maybe it 's time for a new game . 23. with that , roque head to the Motel . clay look down at he quarter eat burger . he need some real food ... int . buster' booze &amp ; burger clay at the bar , eat a steak and drink alone . honky - tonk on the juke , mix of sawdust and blood on the floor . a young woman enter - she 's hot , feel familiar . clay eye she as she order a drink , dodge several guy . particularly offensive guy yabba dabba doo ... she catch clay 's eye . roll she eye . clay 's pay more attention to he t- bone than the girl . she slide up next to he . her name 's aisha . aisha men. clay turn back to he food . not use to attractive woman instigate conversation . aisha watch as clay eat . aisha ( cont 'd ) how 's the steak ? clay meaty . she 's still watch he . it 's get annoying . clay ( cont 'd ) want a bite ? aisha I do not eat red meat . clay why not ? aisha slow I down . clay okay . aisha study clay . if we have be pay close attention , we might id she as the race track binocular chick . we be not sure if clay do . 24 . aisha you get nice arm . clay ( turn to she ) I know you ? aisha relax , slugger ... I like arm . that 's all . clay do I not look relaxed ? aisha no . ( pause ) think we can change that ? smash CUT to : int . hollywood , FL . - gold coast motel - later clay and aisha enter he motel room . aisha check out the sparse accommodation . aisha ( deadpan ) wow , it 's everything a girl could dream of . get a bathroom ? clay no , I specifically request the only hotel room in the world that do not have a bathroom . aisha you lookin ' to turn a " yes " into a " no " here ? clay point to the bathroom . int . hollywood , FL - gold coast - bedroom / bathroom aisha check herself in the mirror . a touch of lip gloss . aisha so what bring you to Florida ? clay in the bedroom . leans over - stretch he hamstring . do a few subtle twist - loosen up . 25 . clay Convention . aisha ( o.s. ) Convention for what ? shit. clay look around . weakly : clay ... Air conditioner . in the bathroom - aisha study herself in the mirror . stretch she arm , prepping for some physical activity ... aisha they have whole convention devote to air conditioner ? in the bedroom clay you would be surprised . aisha come back out . both now stretch and loose . aisha Bet I would . where be we ? they study each other . aisha slowly move towards clay . clay you be about to tell I how much you enjoy spend time at the dog track ... aisha smile , trace she finger down he stomach ... aisha saw I there do you ? clay stroke she cheek ... clay uh-huh ... aisha do not see I at the McDonald 's though ... they lip , inch from touch ... 26 . aisha ( cont 'd ) I have a proposition for you ... wham ! clay deck her . she reel back -- load glock up and out and -- clay duck leave -- backhand her with he forearm -- send she flying across the room -- pause . both breathe hard . stare at one another : aisha ( cont 'd ) just hear I out . I do not want to hurt you . clay you be not go to . aisha yes , I be . he foot - plant , spin , re-attack and it be on ! insanely viscous : tear the room to utter shred . fist smashing . a face kick , plaster smashes . she hurl a twenty six inch color television at he . this explode against a wall . spark give to flame as the room start to burn hot around this two warrior ... they continue to fight like rabid wolve . and they be grinning . enjoy this . then freeze -- aisha on top of clay -- each have a buck knife up and tight against the other 's throat . blade on skin . tie game . neither give . flame around they : aisha ( cont 'd ) room 's on fire . clay noticed . what do you want ? aisha you life . back . clay spit blood and suck air . clay you want to clarify that ? aisha Max . I can help you . 27 . this clearly have effect on clay - substantial effect . clay stare up at aisha . flame all around they ... clay I be listen . ext . hollywood , FL street -- night clay and aisha walk away from the burning motel . clay how would you find I ? aisha it 's not too tough if you know where to look . you guy be not exactly subtle . a FIRE engine scream past they towards the burn hotel , as if to illustrate she point . clay how would you know I be alive ? aisha counted the number of tooth find in the safehouse debris in Karachi . not nearly enough for five man . clay who else know ? aisha that you be alive ? just I . clay so what 's to stop I from put a bullet in you head ? aisha you want Max and I can tell you how to get he . clay Max be up to something big , be not he ? Agency would not have send you otherwise . she give a little smile . 28 . aisha Nice try , but I be work alone here . if I be not , I would not need you help . ready for the important part ? clay nod . aisha ( cont 'd ) there be a plane . clay okay . aisha this plane contain a truck . clay okay . aisha this truck contain a cargo . clay right . aisha this cargo be very important . clay be this a riddle ? aisha ( forced smile ) this cargo belong to Max . you steal the cargo , Max come look for it , you grab Max . clay what a brilliant plan , and oh , so simple too . what 's the cargo ? aisha just smile . clay ( cont 'd ) right . so you want I to steal some super secret cargo know only to you and the bad guy , and I be suppose to do this because you know the name Max and look good in a pair of jeans ? sorry , sister . 29 . he turn . begins walk away . she call out after he . aisha hey ! ( he turn back ) you really think I look good in this jeans ? clay bye ... aisha cargo 's heroin . Max use it to fund he off the book op . and it come straight from the poppy field of the late jamal al - fadhil . ( know full well ) oh ... do that name mean something to you ? a beat as clay stare at she , realize ... aisha ( cont 'd ) he use you to kill fadhil and take over he operation , that 's right . what do you think you be do there in the first place ? Fighting for truth and justice ? clay stare at she . clay how do I know I can trust you ? aisha check my background . I be a ex - company hitter . first job be a junior field officer in shanghai . you can Google it under shanghai Hilton decapitation . clay I mostly Google porn . then ? aisha two chinese and a italian arm dealer in bangkok . with my hand . clay show-off . then ? 30 . aisha then I stop audition for you . this be a check for ten grand - he hold up he hand . clay we be not mercenary . aisha operational capital , that 's all . ( hold out the check ) you have be wait three year for a shot at this guy . you be not gonna get another . you want Max , this be it . he take it . she hand he some papers along with it . aisha ( cont 'd ) Intel on the shipment . you check it out , you check I out , you decide - be you in or not ? CUT to : ext . mexico - beach campsite - night cougar chill by a small fire . work he way through a bottle of tequila . his blackberry ring ... int . virginia motel - night pooch in a Motel 6 laying in bed alone , watch a old Jimmy Stewart movie . blackberry ring ... int . arizona motel - motel jensen 's in bed with two girl from he spin class . blackberry ring ... tight on the three blackberry message : now there's something we can do ext . DELHI , india - midday the city midday be utterly packed . overflow . the capital of the next great superpower . Delhi , India . 31 . int . DELHI , india - office tower a top floor office suite of a high end technology company . degree on the wall . a bollywood musical blare from a tv loud enough to cover up the sound of begging ... three indian scientist -- a short guy , a tall guy , and a really fat guy -- on the floor , bound , terrify , look up at a tough look bastard stand over they -- WADE . we burly man from the safe-house . now he work for the suit in the brown french club chair . the Big man , master of disaster , trouble on a firestick ... max . short scientist you know we cannot do this ... we can not do what you ask ... max tell I - be this a moral issue or a financial issue ? fat scientist a moral issue . max ( actually curious ) really ? you object morally to this deal ? fat scientist yes . I be sorry . please leave ... Max take a moment . thinks . max okay , here 's what I be hearing . I be hearing " no . " I be hearing " leave , " and I be hearing " I be sorry . " be that what I be hearing ? fat scientist please ... you must leave ... Max nod to himself . he think so . max right . okay , so that be what I be hearing . now , I want you to listen . listen carefully because I want you to hear this . Wade ? 32 . Wade haul he up the fat scientist . without hesitation , he walk he over to the large glass window look down fifty three stories above Delhi and hurl he out ... exploding through the glass . as the poor bastard fall and scream ... the other scientist scream at the sight . Max turn to Wade , bewilder : max ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that ? WADE you give I the nod . max a " hit he in the face " nod , not a " throw he out the window " nod . WADE I think that 's what you want . max at most -- at most that be a " break he finger " nod . ( slam he fist ) I mean Jesus , Wade , the man be scientific genius . grant he weight signal that he have certain impulse control issue , but that 's no reason to throw he fat ass out a fifty story window . WADE sorry ... max ( as if to a child ) I think I speak for everyone here when I say that you action be excessive and , yes , more than just a little wasteful ... Max look over at the cower scientist . max ( cont 'd ) ... then again , it seem to have have the desire effect - toss short round out next . Wade start for the short scientist . 33. short scientist wait ! Wade stop . short scientist ( cont 'd ) we have a different moral perspective than we late colleague . max the hell you say . ( pause ) I need one to test and one to use . short scientest one to test ? max of course one to test - you think I trust you ? short scientist we will need much money . max you will have much money . Max and Wade be up and out ... int . DELHI , india - office tower corridor -- day Max and Wade , stride towards the elevator . pass cubicle that indian worker cower under - we realize Max 's heavily armed henchmen have seize the entire floor . max call we people at goliath , tell they we will have a special package arrive on the 17th . he snap he finger and the henchman follow ... ext . new orlean - warehouse district -- night New Orleans . a non-descript warehouse among many . roque ( o.s. ) so this be what you girl come up with , huh ? 34 . int . warehouse -- night large and empty . clay and roque take a look around it . clay better than a ball pit ... roque you sure you be think clear on this ? ( off clay 's look ) I know you . when you slip , it 's always cause of a woman . clay name one time that - roque ( instantly ) carla . clay carla be not the problem , carla 's husband be the problem - roque carla 's husband be not the one who shot you - clay okay . yes . she shot I . ( pause ) but only in the leg . roque what about Emma ? clay Emma do not count , we never sleep together . roque because she put a bomb in you car . clay I admit , that take some of the romance out of the relationship . 35 . roque and now this chick , first time you meet she , burn down we hotel . also , she kill people for a live . this be not good sign ... clay I be clear , roque . roque study clay long and hard . roque you better be . or we be do . interrupted as a door creak OPEN - clay and roque immediately have they pistol out face down a enter pooch damn . we miss you too . cougar be with he . clay and roque lower they weapon and go to embrace they ... pooch bear-hugs roque . cougar nod to clay . pooch ( cont 'd ) so what 's this I hear about clay gettin ' we kill over a girl ? from the shadow : aisha ( o.s. ) be a long time since anyone call I a girl . the guy start as she emerge . all woman . pooch Jesus , Lady ! ten outta ten for stealth and shit , but next time could you just knock ? roque how long you be back there ? aisha Long enough . ( to clay ) she put a bomb in you car ? 36 . clay she be volatile . aisha , meet pooch , roque , and cougar . a beat as she take this motley bunch in . aisha really ? you can not hang out with anyone just name " phil " ? another creak - Jensen enter . jensen hail , hail , the gang 's all here ! Colonel . roque . pooch . Silent bob. hottie . ( to aisha ) I be gonna need a moment alone with the boy if you do not mind , but I would like to reserve the right to awkwardly hit on you later ? aisha I would expect no less . ( to clay ) have fun ... the guy admire she form as she leave . when she 's go : clay what do you have on she ? jensen besides a pants - busting crush ? ( open laptop ) her intel check out . the cargo will be arrive here in two day . roque ( deadpan ) wow , I completely trust she now . clay what else ? jensen grew up in Afghanistan , Mom be a local , dad be white devil ... oh , and CIA 's get a kill order out on she . ( more ) 37 . jensen ( cont 'd ) as do Hamas , sien fein , mosaad -- pretty much everyone with the exception of peta want this chick amscray . pooch why ? jensen last CIA email flagge with she name say she be digging for information about a special project ... ( look up at they ) " codename : max " . a moment as this sink in . pooch they want to wet she cause she 's lookin ' into Max . that sound familiar ... roque ( dubious ) could that file - jensen ( finish he question ) - have be plant for we to find ? ( shaking he head ) CIA timestamp , digital watermark ... someone would have have to go to a lot of trouble , and I mean a lot , to fool I . clay nod . look to the other . clay I say we go with she . pooch ? a beat . pooch nodd : pooch I be in . clay Jensen ? 38 . jensen Hell yeah . coug ? cougar nod he assent . only one leave . roque . they all turn to he . a beat . roque for now . Jensen smack he fist on the table , excited : jensen hot damn ! back with the Colonel , do another bid for God and country - roque country turn she back on we , and God can screw . this one 's for we . clay and anyone who call I " Colonel " better be ready to take a beat or a order . we be not soldier anymore . pooch ( happy nonetheless ) so what 's the plan , my civilian brother ? clay sleep . we start tomorrow . jensen start where ? clay we be go bird hunt . CUT to : ext . fiji - blue island sky - day a White Bell ab-139 chopper glide into frame -- flying over a small series of white sand jungle island ... max ( v.o. ) it use to be so simple . a post 9/11 world ... 39 . looking up from one island : howler monkey taunt - scream up as the chopper slow - circle over the beautiful desert island . Outer fijian Islands . max ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as a country we speak with one voice , move with one purpose . we have a wick boner for do the right thing , and now look at we ! int . bell ab - 139 - same Max wear a Hawaiian shirt and rayban . zinc on he nose , rub suntan lotion on he forearm . to Wade : max 90 percent of the globe be tooling up to whack we and we be too busy lose we nerve to notice . it 's we versus they and right now my money would be on they ... camera dropping fast out of the chopper -- soaring down low -- tracking with a howler monkey up a palm tree -- then airborne as the monkey leap twenty foot to another . max ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be not it Thomas jefferson who once say the tree of freedom must be water with etcetera , etcetera ? we need to wake people up , Wade . we need to hit they in the face , angry up the blood , give they they ball back . we track with we lead monkey up to something very un - monkey like ... something sinister . a metallic , trunk - like object . flash light and transponder device ... max ( cont 'd ) we need to give they a ten megaton reality check . ( ala John Lee hooker ) boom boom boom boom ... a half - millisecond breath . then , utter destruction ! a multi stage nuclear shreed blast -- tree , earth , water be suck in then -- hurled outward in a series of SHOCK wave and fire ball . 40 . tsunamis erupt , as the chopper shudder from the blast . when the mushroom cloud clear ... the entire island be gone . stun silence in the chopper . then Max whoops like a 10 year old who 's just see the world 's best firework show . max ( cont 'd ) I think it 's safe to say it work ! Wade , not quite as enthuse . Max notice . his face fall . max ( cont 'd ) jeez , talk about hard to impress ... int . hangar -- day Max and Wade , step off the chopper as it power down . Max walk towards he office . Wade , call after he : WADE the company 's with you on this ? max kinda ... sorta ... Wade raise a eyebrow . max ( cont 'd ) you know the drill , they do not like to know how the sausage get make . what do you care ? WADE I do not . just want to make sure everyone get pay . max the money 's come from we Afghanistan operation . and what the company do not know will not hurt they . WADE unless they be within the blast radius . Max put he hand on Wade 's shoulder . earnestly : 41 . max we be gonna save we country , Wade . the United States of America will benefit greatly from what we be do . WADE I be bear in Quebec . max Jesus , fine - we be save North America , do that make you happy ? just get it do . Max stalk away ... ext . white sand missile range , new mexico - day a US army humvee tear past camera , just miss a couple of freak out jack rabbit blast- hopping for they life . on perimeter patrol at 80mph down a endless desert road ... radio transmission ( v.o. ) base one , this be cavalier 415 . sector eight perimeter clear , proceeding to sector nine ... int . blacked out communications room Jensen . Radio mic . his finger rapid tap wear key . jensen ( into radio ; drawl ) Roger that cav 415 , we have a report of a civilian vehicle breakdown on U.S. 70 , sector nine , grid four . please assist as require . int . army humvee - continuous four patrol soldier . the driver throw a hard right ... driver Army of one , my ass . goddamn triple a service ... ext . route 70 - new mexico - later a kenworth heavy pull off to the side . pooch work on the front right tire . sweating bucket in the desert bake . the humvee approach . two soldier get out . 42 . soldier 1 need a hand , buddy ? pooch look up from he tire . pooch appreciate it . ext . new mexico desert - same fifty foot off the road . a brown blanket slowly rise ... reveal the long black barrel of a sniper rifle . scope Pov -- color and graphic we have never see before . cougar 's get he own thing go on . more Jerry Garcia than Tom clancy . soldier one 's throat be smack dab in the middle of it . close on cougar' trigger finger : slight squeeze . silenced weapon ... ext . new mexico desert - by the truck - same soldier one slap at the burn sting in he neck . soldier 1 aaow ! something just bit I ! he pull a two inch tranq - dart off he neck . soldier 1 ( cont 'd ) ( stare at the dart ) be this ...? the three other soldier see the dart and leap out when ... from behind the truck -- roque rise arm out . wedge in each hand -- twin jet black .45 caliber colt stun pistol . blasting away ... the soldier stagger , twist and stumble before succumb to the demerol . light out . int . blacked out communications room - continuous clay go. the sound of heavy iron releasing as the wall start to separate , revealing we be inside the broken - down truck . clay ( cont 'd ) make the call . 43. Jensen tap into the military emergency band . take a breath , center himself , then ... jensen base one , this be cavalier 415 ! we have be in a collision with a civilian vehicle ! carvey 's dead an' Freeman 's hurt bad ! he 's mess up he neck ! he can not move ! oh god , it 's horrible ! we need medevac immediate ! he's got kide , base one , he's got kide ! base one ( o.s. ) Roger , cavalier 415 ! we be scramble a chopper , hang in there ! Jensen , all smile , look up at clay . jensen Robert De niro who ? pooch and roque have the four drugge soldier laid out on the sand . all four be clearly breathe . pooch sleep like baby . roque what about they ride ? clay step off the trailer with a heavy duty air hoist . clay flip it . tight shot of the air ram attach to the undercarriage of the humvee . the tire start to lift off the ground ... higher ... four pair of hand start rock the truck ... pooch and Jensen , on one side . quietly : pooch what do you think 's up with that " do not call I Colonel " stuff ? jensen classic loss of identity . clay define himself by he place in the military structure . ( more ) 44 . jensen ( cont 'd ) it be he way of measure the good he do in the world . without it , he 's just another loser like the rest of we . pooch blink , impressed . then : jensen ( cont 'd ) you know there 's a website where you can download mp3 's of donkey farting ? how cool be that ? a final push ... and the humvee flip . from jensen' radio : base one ( o.s. ) cavalier 415 this be medevac Delta . be advise , we be airborne and in - bound to you position ! clay all right , everyone get into character ... CUT to : Jensen and roque lie on the ground by the flip humvee . jensen lot of work to bum a ride . roque shut up , Jensen . jensen you shut up , roque . you be dead , I be the spinal injury - spinal injury can talk , dead can not . roque stop talk or I will break you neck for real . jensen seriously , you have to get more into you role ! Dead guy ! no talk ! Dead guy ! clay lean against the truck . in the distance , the faint outline of a massive double rotor troop transport chopper . 45 . clay here we go ... int . chopper - new mexico sky - same behind the pilot as he move in on the accident scene ... pilot ( into radio ) base one , this be medevac Delta . we have visual on cavalier 415 . ext . crash site - new mexico desert - continuous clay wave the chopper in . it land on the road . two emt leap out and race towards the fall soldier . the first emt kneel by Jensen . emt alright buddy , we be gonna get you patch up in no time ... jensen y- you ever treat anyone who would be gut shot ... emt sure , in Iraq . what a mess ... Jensen pull he colt , press it up into the emt 's gut . jensen means you know what 's come to you if try to play hero . now , lose the radio mic , Bones . int . chopper cockpit - same the two pilot wait behind full reflective face shield pilot one what be they jaw about out there ? we be burn fuel -- clack-clack . the pilot turn as two machine gun jam up on they from out of the darkness . pooch and cougar . pooch you hear of car-jack ? you have just be chopper - jack , my man . 46 . pilot one you be robbing the US Army ? tranq-tranq ! the pilot slump . pooch , to cougar : pooch when he say it out loud , it do sound kinda ridiculous ... clay pop he head in : clay where 's my wild goose ? pooch reach in and rip the chopper 's transponder off ... ext . new mexico desert - later the chopper , now under a tarp on the back of the truck trailer . the transponder , strapped to a SMALL rocket ... jensen we be all set here . ready to take a giant step for ... well , for guy who steal stuff , I guess . clay hit it . Jensen fire the rocket . the transponder take off ... jensen beautiful . let them chase that . from the chopper' radio : base one ( o.s. ) medevac Delta , this be base one . what 's you situation , over ? pooch get up behind the wheel . pooch time to move . the team get into the big double cab . pooch fire up the engine and the heave rig tear out onto the highway ... after they 're gone -- on one of the drugge soldier . try to sit up . he look around . wide : Seven soldier out cold on the side of the road ... alone . 47 . drugged soldier ... well , shit . int . new orlean warehouse -- night we guy be prepping . pooch and clay check out map . cougar , in full face mask , spray paint something big . pooch ...no , what you want be a gas turbine generator run a force - feed rectifier unit , hook it up to the fuel tank ... aisha sit , watch in silence . Jensen approach she . jensen so , you grow up in the hindu kush , huh ? that must have be rough . aisha ( watch the chopper ) uh-huh ... jensen get any hobby ? aisha , never take she eye off the chopper : aisha when I be a girl , I collect human ear . I have over three dozen pair when a feral dog come into we camp one night and take they . the dog be good eat , though . a beat . jensen I be gonna go somewhere else now . he depart . aisha stand , walk over to the chopper . aisha be small arm gonna be a problem ? clay and pooch look at the new girl . pooch it 's take care of - we line the hull with half inch steel plate . 48 . roque step forward . roque which bring we to we next question ... he pull a desert eagle and level it at aisha 's skull . roque ( cont 'd ) what 's you angle in this ? aisha just smile . clay , more annoyed than worried : clay roque ... aisha I be give you a chance to get even . that 's all you need to know . roque stare at aisha . neither back down . roque I be gonna shoot she , clay . clay no , you be not . roque yes , I be . clay no . roque right now . he thumb back the hammer ... a tense moment ... and then roque lower the gun . clay see ? roque she 's come with we . and if anything feel like a set - up , I put a bullet in she skull . ( to aisha ) sound fair ? 49 . aisha oh , completely . now , if you ' will excuse I , it 's time for prayer . roque you be Muslim ? aisha you know , you be a sharp one -- and do not let any of this other boy tell you different . with that , she turn and walk away into the shadow . roque lower the weapon . a beat . to clay : roque I do not like this . clay I pick up on that . pooch I be with roque , man . Agency think we be dead . we show up alive and kickin ' , start wave we dick around in public , they be gonna make it they business to bury we . they will call we terrorist , all kindsa shit - clay what do you think we be now ? ( to all of they ) best case scenario , this get we face to face with Max - roque what if it do not ? what if we never get face to face with he . be you gonna be able to live with that ? ever ? clay do not reply . a pall , cast over the guy . finally : pooch Hell , let 's just say it out loud ... ( pause ) we do this , we be declare war on the Central Intelligence Agency . silence , as the guy take this in . then , from the corner : 50 . cougar they start it . smash to : ext . new orlean -- establishing -- day swooping down over the waterway , thread we way between building , past the island slamm into ext . private airport , new orlean a g-550 , tire chalk . a fork lift remove a large vault - like package from the back of the plane -- the cargo . a fifteen ton attack - stabilized cash transport rig idle , surround by twenty assault troopers , load up . Machine gun , frag grenade , body armor . by the jet -- WADE and fennel , we briefcase bomb friend , talk with a G. Gordon liddy wrinkle muscleman . fennel as of this moment , the truck be designate a extraterritorial zone of immunity . under no circumstance whatsoever be you or you man to allow the package to leave the truck before it 's secure in the compound - to do so would be consider a act of treason and punishable as such . liddy understood and acknowledge , sir . as the package be load into the monster armore rig ... WADE ten man ride with the package and another ten ride chase . ten rock hard warrior in a beef up chase van . WADE ( cont 'd ) let 's go . ext . private airport -- day the two truck armored convoy pull out of the private airport and pass a park town car ... 51 . int . town car - same clay , roque , and Jensen watch the armored truck pass by . roque have a silence long gun out as the second truck pass . as roque pull the trigger ... ext . private airport - continuous a silence AIR blast -- we TRAVEL fast with roque 's ordinance -- smacking silent onto the rear bumper of the lead truck . a ballistic , putty -coat recon tracker . int . town car - continuous Jensen 's laptop gps go hot . Green dot indicate convoy . clay be we wire ? jensen like belushi . ( into radio ) target be westbound . head for the bridge ... clay fire up the town car and follow . aerial -- looking down as the armored car head towards the city . tilt up to reveal the crescent CITY connection -- eight suspend lane span the mighty Mississippi ... ext . crescent CITY connection high angle -- look down at the bridge traffic . slide into frame , buckle - harness and very armed -- cougar two hundre feet above ground . lashed into a bridge support . he rack the bolt of he ntw - 20 anti material rifle - a monster of a weapon with a bulky starlight scope . as the first swat truck reach the center of the bridge -- clay ( o.s. ) take they ' . cougar fire -- and everything begin happen very fast . 52 . the swat truck be nearside front wheel explode , blow clear off the axle mount -- the wheel spin away , bounce wild , smashes a windshield -- int . swat truck -- front cab -- day the Driver , wrestle with the wheel ... swat driver shit , I be lose it ! the truck slews sideways -- plows into a car ! the Driver slam the truck in reverse , floors it -- ext . crescent CITY connection -- day cougar fire again -- the other front wheel detonate , and the truck 's nose slam down on the asphalt grinding SPARKS ! go nowhere fast ... the chase van screech to a hard stop behind . security crew out -- weapon raised -- take up defensive position . Ice cold professional . WADE form a defensive perimeter around the truck ! fennel they be out of they mind , there 's no way off this bridge ... ext . town car now at the entrance to the bridge . roque smile as he heft a mgl-40 grenade launcher . firing ... by the convoy thick tear gas explode in dark blue , billow across traffic . security men choke , lose in the smoke ... WADE mask on ! secure the package ! swat guy where be they ? I can not see they - 53. cougar pump a round into the empty chase van -- armor - glass blasting apart , shower the roadway -- fennel dive for cover , panicking -- lift the radio to he lip : fennel code red ! we be under attack ! need chopper support right now ! roque fire another tear gas grenade into the melee -- civilian run and scream -- total pandemonium -- control ( v.o. ) acknowledge , evac be enroute ! as the chase van be blown apart behind they ! fennel try to orient through smoke and gas . then , a new SOUND ... deep rumbling . thick bass vibration ... the thick tear gas be blow aside by the thunderous twin-rotor downwash of a chinook heavy lift chopper ! it belly in low , the board ramp already lowering ... Wade crouch-run to the swat truck , hammering the rear door -- WADE cavalry 's here ! the door burst OPEN and the swat team crash-rolls the precious cargo crate towards the chinook 's board ramp -- WADE ( cont 'd ) move ! Point cover ! go , go ! int . / ext . chinook helicopter -- day swat guy lay down point cover as they comrade hustle the crate into the chinook 's windowless hold . the ramp rising as fennel dive onboard as well ... by the convoy Wade make a " take off " sign to the chinook pilot who flip he a salute as the chinook lift into the AIR ... the ramp close . the team and cargo safely aboard ... 54 . ext . crescent CITY connection -- upper superstructure pass cougar 's sniper-harness , which now hang empty . twist in the wind . as we hear the rotor fade into the distance ... ext . crescent CITY connection -- day Wade slump against the burnt out wreckage of the chase van . sigh in relief . silence . his radio crackle : chopper pilot ( v.o. ) this be chopper support - - we be inbound you position , eta five minute ! hang in there ! as a horrified look of realization cross Wade 's face and he stare up into the sky ... int . chinook -- windowless hold -- day the swat guy pull off they mask and high - five . they think they kick ass . fennel , reach for the cockpit door handle ... he can not turn it . fennel what the hell ? it 's weld shut ! swat guy ( realizing ) the window too ! we be seal in ! int . chinook cockpit -- day we hear the faint yelling of fennel and the swat guy in the hold . the chinook Pilot flip up he goggle to reveal -- it 's pooch ! aisha sit co-pilot . both grin as they hear the protestation from behind they ... fade to : ext . louisiana bayou -- evening the middle of nowhere . a small clear . skeeter and cricket harmonize . clay wait with Jensen and roque . the chinook crest the tree line . hover above ... 55 . int . chinook -- windowless hold -- evening fennel and the swat guy try to maintain balance and personal dignity as they stumble and fall all over each other ... the chopper sets down . the man gather themselves . weapon up . check clip , safeties off . fennel we be down , okay ! you go the second the ramp lower ! hit they hard , three round burst , center mass ! ext . chinook -- evening aisha clamber onto the chinook 's hull , clutching a rubber hose . screw the end to a inlet valve mark " FIRE retardant system " . look down at clay . with a grin : aisha open the valve . tight on a 3 - inch turn valve . hard hand grab and open ... int . chinook -- windowless hold -- evening fennel this guy be about to get the surprise of they life ... cut off as a clear liquid begin to rain down on they from the sprinkler system ... fennel ( cont 'd ) what the hell they try to do , drow we ? soldier 1 Sir , that smell ! it 's - gasoline ! they eye go wide ... hydraulics whine . the ramp lower . the gas drench soldier burst out , weapon up . squint through the fume ... clay stand alone . the man fan out around he . multiple rifle trained at he head from every direction . fennel blink , surprised to see he alive . nevertheless : 56 . fennel eat the ground , or they blow you head off ! clay I do not think so . fennel first and only warning , clay ! clay calmly light a cigarette . tight on the burning cherry : the soldier , wide eye ... clay gasoline . muzzle flash . think about it . as that sink in -- fennel look like he puppy just die . gasoline drip from the muzzle of he own tool up h&amp ; k g36 assault rifle ... clay take a long smooth drag . clay ( cont 'd ) thing will kill you . a beat ... and then the fight just go out of the swat team . they drop there gun and raise there hand ... clay ( cont 'd ) good boy . now , let 's see what kind of cargo you get in there . fennel clay , no bullshit - you open that box and we all die . clay step up to he . near nose to nose . clay I be already dead , remember ? whap ! clay 's fist to fennel 's jaw . knock he cold . CUT to : tight on fennel as he and the team sit bound and gag in the back of the chinook . as the ramp rise , he shoot panicked glance to clay . the ramp close between they . clay turn back to 57 . the crate on the ground in front of we guy . pooch and cougar hydro - pop the lock . OPEN to reveal a interior crate . smaller , polished steel . a ten digit numeric keypad on top , and a logo stamped on the side - goliath . jensen goliath the oil company ? clay look to aisha . aisha it must be how he move the drug ... roque great . the super evil bad guy be in bed with the world 's large oil company . that 's just fabulous . pooch heft a tire iron . smack it into he palm . pooch you want I to go ask fennel the combination ? jensen Nah , I can bypass no problem . he jack he laptop into the keypad . a few keystroke and hisssssss ... jensen ( cont 'd ) voila ! ten million dollar of horse , comin ' up ! the second crate open ... revealing a thermo - nuclear warhead . we guy stand there . completely stunned . silence . pooch be that ...? clay yeah . the timer display blink on and begin counting back -- 59 , 58 , 57 ... 58 . pooch be that ...? clay yeah . Jensen , you be up . Jensen blink . still in shock ... jensen huh ? clay the bomb . jensen ( hollow ) but I be not good with bomb ... clay get better . 46 , 45 , 44 ... jensen okay . okay . ( open laptop ) nuke . that 's a nuke . who make nuke ? Department of Defense . dod mainframe . I gotta hack the dod mainframe - roque should we - jensen ( typing fast ) it would really be good if you do not talk right now - get that case off for I . pooch , stare at the warhead warily . pooch what if that set it off ? clay then we die thirty second early - do it . 59 . aisha and pooch with drill pop the screws . lift the case off the bomb housing - look down at the mulititude of colored wire ... pooch I get wire - red , blue , green , white , yellow - jensen ( still typing ) okay , just hold position ! 25 , 24 , 23 ... pooch there 's also pink - jensen hold position ! he 's type like the damn wind now -- image on he laptop , flying past as he hack the d.o.d ... 15 , 14 , 13 ... aisha be you try to make this more dramatic ? jensen almost ... almost ... shit ! aisha what ? jensen Computer crash ! his screen , frozen . pooch be you kid I ? jensen yes , cause this be the time for humor - clay jensen - 60 . jensen I tell you , I be not good at bomb ! clay do you have time to reboot ? 9 , 8 , 7 ... no way . they be fuck . pooch okay , someone pick a color ! aisha ( strangely calm ) pull out all the wire . roque what ? aisha you ever hear of a clock radio that explode cause you unplugge it -- pull out all the wire . with no other option pooch doe . the clock , still go : 3 , 2 , 1 ... the end of the wire fizzle . then nothing . silence . jensen open it without the code must have trigger the timer ... pooch you think ? and then roque pull he gun . levell it at aisha : roque do you know ? aisha I just save we life - roque ( FEVER pitch ) do you know ? 61 . aisha of course not ! clay turn suddenly , stalking towards the chinook ... roque ( confuse ) where the hell be you - clay fennel . int . chinook -- windowless hold -- night the loser stand around fennel , who 's be crying . urine stain on he pants . snivel , spilling he gut rapidly : fennel Max think the country 's lose it 's way , go soft in the War on terror ! this be he solution ! clay jam a gun to he temple ... clay elaborate . fennel he want we to nuke a U.S. target , pin it on the ragheads and boom - freedom be on the march again ! the same people who want we to pull back will be scream to turn the place into a parking lot ! pooch what be the target ? fennel I can 't - blam ! clay fire - inches from fennel 's head ! fennel scream fennel ( cont 'd ) the mall of America ! Christ ! they stare down at he in disbelief ... 62 . fennel ( cont 'd ) I be serious ! it 's he sense of humor ! he tell we we could choose between there and epcot Center ... a beat as we guy take this in . jensen ( amazed ) Holy shit , it 's like we be frame by Dr. no ... aisha what about goliath ? jensen yeah , what would a oil company want with the Middle East ? fennel ( still freaked ) the ship that service they offshore oil rig be exempt from US custom ! it 's how Max get the drug in and out of the country - roque this be conspiracy theory bullshit - fennel it 's not ! there 's proof ! clay where ? fennel Max 's heroin operation - goliath keep account of the shipment ! jensen come on , dude , they would be moron to keep record of shit like this - fennel it 's on a stand - alone hard drive ! it 's they insurance policy against Max - they know he 's crazy , this way they have something on he ! 63. clay so this hard drive - it contain evidence of what Max have be do ? fennel yes ! we guy exchange look ... clay can you get we this drive ? fennel go even paler . fennel I do not know where it be ! they do not let I have access ! but - fennel go pale when he see clay move toward he : fennel ( cont 'd ) no , wait ! please do not kill - clay plaster duct tape over fennel 's mouth . stepping outside the chinook . the other , go with he ... ext . louisiana bayou -- night the warhead , still sit there . nobody speak for a bit . then : clay I say we hit goliath headquarters . roque and do what - go after this non - existent hard drive ? clay we find out if it exist . if it do , we steal it and trade it for immunity . roque stare at he . roque that 's you plan ? clay you get a better one ? ( more ) 64 . clay ( cont 'd ) Max give we back we life or we upload the data to the net , show the american people what 's be do in they name . roque why risk we life again when we already have something to trade ? he gesture to the warhead . clay , shocked . clay you want to give it back to he ? roque I want to at least discuss it before signing up for another suicide mission on the say - so of some flunky - clay it 's not happen . roque blink at clay 's abruptness . piss . roque so you want to take down goliath now ? then who ? McDonald 's ? american Airlines ? Microsoft ? clay you do not want Max to pay ? roque I want my life back ! this be suppose to be we get clear - not save the world ! pooch roque - roque we be not the goddamn good guy anymore ! I love you guy , but I have a life before this shit , and I sure as hell be not go to risk get it back because you come down with a case of the Dudley damn do-right ! 65 . clay do not raise you voice at I - roque I will raise whatever the hell I want - you get a death wish because you get beat by a voice on a radio - whap ! clay throw a straight right to roque 's jaw ! roque , surprised and staggered by the blow ... then he smile through the blood , drawing a knife : roque ( cont 'd ) I be gonna cut you head off ... this get serious quick . pooch step between they . a really dangerous beat ... clay and roque , full on eyefuck one another ... on aisha - she seem to be digging it ... Broken by : pooch I say we hit goliath . Jensen ? jensen goliath . coug ? cougar nod . clay aisha ? roque she do not get a vote - aisha ( stare at roque ) goliath . silence . roque , odd man out . his finger tighten around the handle of the knife ... pooch ( softly ) put it away ... a long beat ... and roque slide the knife back into it 's scabbard . clay , stare at he : 66 . clay you want you life back , you be gonna have to steal it . we hit they in two day . he stalk away . roque glower . head the other direction . jensen do n'tcha hate it when Mom and dad fight ? cougar grunt in response . pooch so what do we do about the nuke ? ( pause ) do I just actually say that ? on aisha . a smile form ... aisha I have a idea ... int . new orlean police department -- day the desk sergeant sip a cup of coffee . do the Sunday crossword . poorly . a quiet afternoon ... a hub - bub outside . rising voice . patrolman ( o.s. ) Holy - sarge , come quick ! the sergeant rise , and we follow he through the station towards the front door . move faster and more nervously as the noise outside grow . finally step out into ext . new orlean police department -- day the street where a crowd have gather . lookie- loos with camcorder . the sergeant push through they to find fennel . eye wide with fear . duct tape to the warhead . a sign hang around he neck that read death to America ! in big cheery letter and have a smiley face on it ... match with : 67 . int . smoked up asian bar -- back room -- day the image of fennel tie to the bomb , broadcast on the thai news on a black and white tv . Wade squint at it . WADE that 's gonna be a quick trial ... max wonderful guy , salt of the earth , he will be miss -- who take my bomb , Wade ? WADE you be not gonna like it ... max because I have be such a fan of how thing have go up till now ? Wade shrug and slide some photo across the table to he . screen-grabs from traffic cameras -- clay , roque , and jensen in the towncar during the heist . a long beat ... max ( cont 'd ) who the hell be this people ? WADE Colonel clay and he unit . you have they kill three year ago ? max I also have several African nation overthrown three year ago , I be a busy guy - WADE the jamal al - fadhil situation ? a beat . max shit . WADE yeah . max okay , they need to get dead . get I a six man fire team ready in twelve hour . 68 . WADE so what 's the plan ? max what 's the plan ? the plan be - get I a six man fire team ready in twelve hour . WADE okay . max be we now clear on the plan or do you want to try a third go-around ? WADE we're clear - max because what I be go to need you to do be get I a six man fire team ready in twelve hour . you get that , right ? WADE I get it . Wade head for the door ... max and Wade ? Wade turn back . Max , smiling : max ( cont 'd ) we be gonna need a new bomb . int . NORTH DELHI - private hangar - day Wade wait as four indian men climb out of limo . the first we recognize as one of the scientist that Wade do not throw out the window . the other three : indian tough guy . the scientist get smart , bring some muscle . short scientist we appreciate you meeting we in a single story facility . WADE no problem . ( more ) 69 . WADE ( cont 'd ) I look at that entire incident as you standard " get to know " each other business orientation . short scientist I agree . now that we know each other , know , please , that if you come near I with any more of that yankee doodle tough guy bullshit , you will be feed to my dog . small smile from Wade . WADE Fair enough , doc. can we now move past the verbal aggression and get into some business ? short scientist you want another device . one billion dollar be now the price . one billion dollar cash . Wade stare at the scientist . WADE that 's go to be difficult . short scientist life the way you people want to live it be very difficult , Mr. Wade . you want less difficult move to my country , study hinduism . meditate . cultivate serenity . much less difficult . you want to buy atomic bomb ... I be afraid that be a more difficult way of life . and he smile ... ext . highway - NORTH of DELHI - later Wade drive in a Jeep , head back to the city . WADE he want one billion in cash . intercut with max in the smoked up asian bar : 70 . max that 's a lot of a paper route ... WADE can we swing it ? max not even close . WADE the company ? max wo not give it to we willingly ... ( thinking ) you get that six man team together like I ask ? WADE yeah . max Change of plan . kill they . WADE kill they ? max or fire they , whichever 's easier . WADE honestly ? firing they . max Fine , fine , I be not a detail guy . what I need - wait . do you give they intel on clay 's people ? WADE well , yeah . max aaaand we be back to kill they . WADE ( annoyed ) Fine , I will kill they - what be we do instead ? 71 . max touchy , touchy . jeez , what be you related to they ? WADE actually , one of they , yes . max by blood ? WADE ( he 's have it ) a brother - in - law , I say I would kill he , what be we do ? max it 's not what we be do , it 's what clay be go to do for we ... WADE and that be ? max ( grinning ) get we we billion dollar ... CUT to : int . outside houston - beat to shit motel roof - night clay . sitting on he bed . shirt off . go over schematics - goliath world headquarters . a knock on clay 's door . he get up , check the eye hole . open it . aisha . clay I be just go over the plan . she look at he . sexual . predatory . clay ( cont 'd ) you want to go over the plan ? she step into the room towards he . reaching for she : clay ( cont 'd ) let 's go over the plan ... CUT to : 72 . ext . HOTEL room balcony -- night clay and aisha . after . look out at the city . aisha so , what really happen to you in Afghanistan ? clay look over at she . down at the teddy bear tattoo ... and shake he head . clay ( softly ) that 's not for you . she trace she finger over it ... clay ( cont 'd ) why do you want Max dead ? aisha , take aback by the suddenness of the question . aisha he 's a bad man . be not that enough ? clay no . a beat . she look at he . aisha when you tell I about Afghanistan ? I will tell you about Max . clay Fine . it 's hot . there 's lot of sand . you turn . aisha smile at this . shake she head . aisha why be you alone when I find you ? that take clay off guard . look out at the city . clay the guy get sick of it . aisha sick of what ? 73. clay of hearing about Max . of hearing I say we have to do something when there be not anything to do . they want to be around they family . Jensen have a sister . pooch have a wife and daughter . aisha and he have not tell they he be alive ? clay would you ? the people you love the most , would you put they in that kind of danger ? aisha , side -stepping the question : aisha so roque have no one . clay he 's get I . aisha and you have ... clay enough hate to get we both through the day . he stick with I when no one else would . and I be not the easiest guy to stick with . aisha study he . aisha if you two really fight , he would kill you , I think . clay you think . aisha I be almost sure of it . clay why ? 74 . aisha because you care what happen to the other . you would not put they at risk to save yourself . clay and you think that 's a weakness . aisha I know it be . Law of the jungle . clay we be not in the jungle . she look at he . aisha oh , yes we be ... int . van -- morning idling . black out window . pooch behind the wheel , cougar shotgun , roque in back . back door slide open and clay and aisha enter . together . it do not go unnotice . roque well , that 's just great . that 's it . fed up , pooch shut the engine like dad in the family truckster . pooch we be not go anywhere until you two squash this shit . clay pooch , we be on a schedule here - pooch take the key out of the ignition and fold he arm . clay sigh . look over to roque . a beat . then : clay ( cont 'd ) sorry I hit you . pooch good. roque ? a longer beat ... pooch ( cont 'd ) roque ? 75 . finally : roque sorry I threaten to cut you head off . pooch verrrry good . now do not you two feel better ? clay and roque ( in unison ) no . pooch I do not give a shit , I do . ( start the van ) now , let 's go watch Jensen single - handedly knock over the large oil company on the planet ... ext downtown houston -- day Houston , Texas . establishing : skyscraper . one large one stand out -- the goliath headquarters tower . jensen head towards the building . Street bicycle , bike short , messenger bag . he 's disguise as a bike Messenger . jensen ( singing ) I get jungle fever , you have get jungle fever , we have get jungle fever , we be in love ... int . goliath tower -- reception -- day Jensen enter the reception area sing . move to the receptionist desk . a pretty receptionist answer phone . jensen ( still singing ) ... she 's go black - boy crazy , I have go white - girl hazy , be not no think maybe , we be in love ... he look down at the receptionist ... jensen ( cont 'd ) yo! Package for Henderson ! 76 . the receptionist look up . she 's on the phone , distract : receptionist Excuse I one moment - ( to jensen ) I will take that , thank you . jensen no can do , chica , gotta put it in he hand . he 's gotta sign . receptionist ( back on phone ) I be sorry -- could you say that again ? jensen babydoll , I be on the clock here ! the receptionist look up at Jensen , not particularly amused . she point towards the elevator . receptionist forty fifth floor . int . elevator -- goliath tower -- continuous tight on jensen as the elevator door close on he . jensen ( singing ) I get jungle fever , you have get jungle fever , we have get jungle fever , we be in love ... door close . int . elevator / henderson' office - goliath tower alone , Jensen open the messenger bag . reveal a suit . pre-set , ready to slide on over he bike clothes . dial a cell phone while he dress super fast . jensen ( on phone ) Mr. Henderson , please . intercut with henderson' office : a secretary sit in the outer office . 77 . secretary who 's call , please ? jensen - dressing in the elevator : jensen Richard hertz from Internal Security . secretary one moment , please ... jensen , pantsless , as the elevator stop . the 25th floor . the door OPEN . two secretary about to enter the elevator freeze at the sight of pantsless jensen . jensen lady ... hi. the lady stare at Jensen . he calculate they gaze . jensen ( cont 'd ) like the angle of the dangle ? door shut before they can protest ... int . henderson' office henderson , a middle age mid-level manager reach for he phone as the secretary look on from she desk . henderson this be Henderson . intercut with jensen in elevator jensen good afternoon , Mr. Henderson , Richard hertz from Internal Security . if you would be kind enough to make you way down to the lobby ? henderson uh ... can I ask what this be about ? Jensen be just about dress . jensen it 's a matter of a somewhat sensitive nature involve a ( more ) 78 . jensen ( cont 'd ) individual expose himself to woman in the elevator -- best discuss in person . if you would just head on down ... ext . hallway by elevator -- continuous Henderson plod into he elevator . as the door close on he elevator , the door OPEN on the second elevator . jensen , suite and press , step out . briefcase in hand . int . henderson' outer office Jensen enter , look down at Henderson 's secretary . jensen hi , I be skippy from tech support . be Henderson around ? I be suppose to install a firewall on he system - secretary oh , you just miss he by like two second . can you come back in like a hour or so ? Jensen check he watch . Big sigh . jensen oooooh - no can do . upstair breathe down my neck . they want security upgrade for the senior manager all of a sudden . Jensen , already move into henderson' office : jensen ( cont 'd ) five minute and I will be out of you hair ! int . henderson' office quick tight shot of jensen do what Jensen do best : tearing into Henderson 's computer . frowning ... Henderson 's secretary reach for she phone ... secretary Security ? 79 . back in henderson' office : Jensen check he download . smile at the Secretary , then look back to he screen . press he radio earpiece ... jensen accord to this , the drive exist , clay . intercut with the van : clay shoot a look at roque . clay you be sure ? jensen abso-tootly . clay be it in the building ? jensen no , somewhere off-site . it 's gotta be a remote location , stand - alone . I be check they security log -- wherever they have detailed the most guy be probably where it will be ... from behind jensen : security guard 1 ( o.s. ) " skippy " ? Jensen turn . he 's face to face with a solid look security officer . he try a smile : security guard 1 ( cont 'd ) show I some id . Real easy . Jensen stand up , hold he briefcase . jensen whoa ! take it easy . you be the - wham ! Jensen smashes he metal briefcase across the security guard 's face ! the guard be unconscious before he hit the ground . keying he radio earpiece : jensen ( cont 'd ) get I out of here , clay ... 80 . clay ( o.s. ) ( through radio ) there 's a fire exit thirty yard north of you position . Jensen , head for it ... big security 1 ( o.s. ) freeze like a statue , pretty boy ! Jensen slow turn to find three gun train straight at he . Major security . this guy look extremely competent . jensen I be warning you , man , I be a lethal weapon ... Jensen turn on the big fellah . jensen ( cont 'd ) it be this secret government project . they do stuff to I . spooky stuff . anal stuff . turned I into a dangerous telekinetic . ( wiggle index finger ) as the old say go - you do not start none ... there will not be none . Big Security move in on Jensen with a pair of handcuffs . big security 1 telekinetic you way out of this ... Jensen raise he right hand at the guard . finger cocked like a gun aim at the guard 's kevlar cover vest . jensen bang . the guard be hit hard , blasted backward off he foot ! scream in pain , he go down . Jensen spin , aim he leave finger at the second guard ... jensen ( cont 'd ) boom . ... and the second guard be blow backwards too , kevlar vest smoking . moan : big security 2 you break my rib ... 81 . Jensen - finger levell at the third guard ... third guard please - d- do not shoot ... tight on jensen : full dirty Harry . jensen face down , or I will make you heart stop beat with my mind . they comply . Jensen look down at they . smile . then slowly turn look out the floor to ceiling glass window . make the " ok " sign out the window . jensen ( cont 'd ) thanks , coug ... tight on the circle of jensen' ok finger sign : Three tight bullet hole in the glass . smash zoom out the window , 500 yard to a neighbor office tower ... int . neighboring office build - houston - same rifle , still smoking . hat low , the ever vigilant cougar . cougar De nada . CUT to : int . hangar office -- day Max , on the phone . speak japanese . Wade poke he head in . hand he a note -- goliath just got hit . Max cup he hand over the receiver , as the voice on the other end prattles on . to Wade : max by you boy ? WADE they be not " my boy " . I do not like this . I say we grab clay and kill the rest . max ( still listening ) if you can find they - 82. WADE I can . there 's something in he voice . Max look at he . intrigue . hold up a finger - let I finish up here . max ( into phone ; japanese ) ( hang up ; to Wade ) why , Mr. Wade ... methink you have a secret . ( considering ) okay . put a fire team together . WADE you be sure ? you be not go to call I in two hour and have I kill they ? ( off Max 's look ) I be on it ... CUT to : int . warehouse -- day the team gather around as Jensen download the goliath security specs off he computer . jensen everything on goliath - security , personnel history , the work . aisha 's brow furrow at this . only we notice . clay where 's the drive be keep ? Jensen spin the laptop around to show they graphic of jensen Port of New York , baby . total stand alone facility , and they be spend 30 k a day on onsite security - you do not drop that kinda green to just guard oil . 83. roque what be we up against ? Jensen , type : jensen let I check , I - - oh , shit ... clay what 's " oh , shit " ? Jensen look up at they . softly : jensen they have hire par-sec . a beat . this clearly mean something bad to all of they . clay ( honestly ) oh , shit ... aisha who 's par - sec ? jensen paradigm Security service . ex - special force . pooch basically guy like cougar but without the warm and cuddly side . cougar just glower . clay goliath must have bring they in after we hit they truck ... silence as they ponder the significance of a par sec security force . jensen we drive be be guard by military train , trigger repress , blood thirsty , stone cold killer ... be I the only one who 's think maybe we just chill out and go to six flag ? silence . 84 . clay comb that drive for every last scrap of info . we be on a plane for New York tomorrow ... int . beat to shit motel room - late night clay 's room again . knock at the door again . aisha again . clay oh , hi. she cover he mouth with hers ... int . warehouse - night Jensen and pooch sit at a table . both with laptop . Jensen tapping he key . roque enter , carry a coffee . stop short , see the other . surprise . roque think you guy would be back at the hotel . pooch could not sleep . roque I neither . grab a coffee from the machine - you want one ? he slide into a chair . pooch no thanks . jensen you will not believe how detailed this file be . every goliath executive they have ever insure , they policy , they payout - roque life insurance ? jensen yeah . roque what 's the biggest payout ? 85 . jensen ( still typing ) gotta be wrongful death ... roque pretty much what we be gonna be risk . ( to pooch ) what be you do up ? pooch Jensen hack a satellite for I earlier . roque the hell you need a satellite for ? pooch show he the screen of he computer - recorded video from earlier in the day . a overhead view of a playground - pooch's daughter playing . they both watch for a bit . the only sound , Jensen 's type . then : pooch when we first go over in 2001 , jolene and my oldest Tina want to do the yellow ribbon thing , right ? only problem be there be no yellow ribbon to be find - all the store have be clean out . roque military neighborhood ... pooch no doubt . and Tina 's four at the time , and what she can not understand be why the ribbon 's gotta be yellow . so jolene sing she the song , right ? to show she where the idea come from . and when she 's all do , Tina , four year old , look my wife dead in she eye and say " that 's the dumbest song I ever hear . " ( laughing ) so my wife and my four year old end up tie a frilly purple ribbon round the old oak tree in we yard to bring daddy home ... 86 . roque ( smiling ) think that count , right ? pooch yeah ... then : pooch ( cont 'd ) jolene date a guy last summer . do not turn into anything and I sure as hell can not blame she , but that man be in my house , roque . I know you be not a hundred percent on this op , but if it can get I back to they ... roque I hear you , man . a moment between they . Broken by : jensen ( reading ) okay , biggest payout on a goliath exec ever - 14 million and it be wrongful death - vice President of Operations in Afghanistan , three year ago , pay to he daughter ... he trail off in SHOCK . look to pooch and roque : jensen ( cont 'd ) we be go to need to drive fast ... int . beat to shit motel room - late night clay and aisha , in bed . after . she trace she finger along he teddy bear tattoo . clay look down at she . she give he a smile . mixing just the right amount of sensitivity and curiosity ... clay you really want to know about Afghanistan ? int . van ( moving ) -- night as pooch tear through the Texas street : 87 . jensen you think she 's gonna kill he ? pooch and roque ( various version of ) uh-uh . no way . jensen yeah , I think so too ... int . beat to shit motel room - late night aisha and this man you find in the basement - he be you true target ? clay Max 's true target . yeah . aisha and you speak with he ? clay he know we be off mission . he know Max want he dead ... aisha do he beg ? clay blink . clay Excuse I ? aisha the man in the basement . do he beg for he life ? clay he begge to die -- why be you ask I this ? aisha smile , try to recover but -- wham ! the door splinter inward and -- jensen freeze ! 88. roque and pooch behind he , gun drawn . aisha 's hand dip into she purse and come up with a gun faster than you can spit -- mexican stand - off time : jensen ( cont 'd ) she 's he daughter , clay ! the guy in the basement 's daughter and she 's get a gun and it 's point ... ( realize ; not happy ) ... at my dick ! her gun be point at my dick ! aisha ( calm ) would you rather I point it at you head ? jensen I know it make no sense , but actually yes . aisha adjust , point it at he head . as she do , the bedsheet fall away from she upper body . we do not see the goods , but we guy in the doorway do . aisha watch they . close on there eye . nobody move . nobody breathes . and then ... Jensen 's eye flick downward . just for a millisecond but aisha pull the trigger . boom ! Jensen , fall back scream , hit in the shoulder -- aisha , move and fire , run for the bathroom nude -- the guy unloading at her -- she dive through the doorway -- hole punched in the wall behind clay 's head as she return FIRE through the drywall -- clay , diving to the floor below the crossfire -- aisha kick the bathroom door shut -- and suddenly everyone's reloading . silence as clip be slap into weapon until ... clay wait . tap he ear . they stop . listen ... chopper . 89 . roque shit , she 's get back -up ! clay pull on he pants and they run for the door ... ext . motel -- second floor -- night ... smack into cougar who point into the sky -- two heavily armed cobras , searchlight on , head for the motel . and again with that one important word : cougar run. the first cobra open up with it 's automatic cannon . the bullet chewing up the far side of the cheap two story motel ! we guy vault the railing , sprinting to the van ... int . van -- night pooch , slide behind the wheel as the other pile in ... roque go , go , go ! pooch hit the gas before he door be even shut . as they peel out of the parking lot -- the strafing hit the gas MAIN -- whoomp ! half the motel swallowed in a fireball ... pooch think that get she ? clay she be not that lucky . Jensen , status ! jensen my dick remain unshot ! roque , look out the back window : roque here they come ... sure enough , the cobras be now tracking the van . spotlight , swinging towards they ... the asphalt behind they erupt . cannon -fire blow huge chunks of road into the sky ! scream over the SOUND : 90 . clay somebody shoot something ! cougar heft he rifle . setting up shop in the back . sighting the chopper through he scope . Jensen , excited , and a little delirious from blood loss : jensen I think cougar 's get a plan ! coug , do you have a plan ? ( to the other ) he 's get a plan ! pooch ( try to steer ) stop yell at the sniper ! through the scope -- cougar sight the tail rotor of the chopper on the leave ... smile , presses the trigger ... and we see how one bullet can bring down two helicopter . the bullet strike the tail rotor dead CENTER -- it short and spin off -- send the chopper itself into a spin -- colliding with it 's twin chopper on the right -- they both twist and hink up -- they rotors slicing into each other -- both finally careening onto the freeway behind we guy . driving away from the carnage of two explode cobra helicopter splatter across the road ... safe . ext . lear jet 550 ( flying ) -- day come in for landing ... int . lear jet 550 -- day as it taxi towards a hangar . Max straighten he suit . Wade on the phone , frown . bad news . he flip the phone shut . to Max : WADE they get away . max so ? ( more ) 91 . max ( cont 'd ) ( off Wade 's look ) we know exactly where they be go , Wade . Port of New York , for they big final awesome stand against the force of evil where they die . he clap Wade and the shoulder and head down the step ... int . hangar -- day ... where the two indian scientist wait . the indian thug crew have be beef - up to about ten bizarre looking , black suite tough guy . short scientist do you have the money ? max Jesus , always with the money ! so impersonal ! how be you ? how have you be ? short scientist I recently attend the funeral of my best friend who you have throw out a window . how have you be ? max can not complain . I be think of get satellite radio in my car ... short scientist I think you be a freak . too much Ronald McDonald . too much fantasy football . Max smile and spread he arm ... max hey , I be all about the bomb , baby . short scientist we have you ordinance . you have twenty four hour to get the money . Max look over to Wade . max time to go make a withdrawal ... 92 . as he turn back to the plane ... short scientist New change of plan . you stay . max I have get to go get you money . short scientist he will get you money . you stay right here . a pause as Max contemplate this little twist . max God , be you short . short scientist twenty three hour , fifty nine minute ... Max look at Wade . max get it do . Wade head for the jet . Max watch he go . as Wade board the jet Max take a big sigh . for the first time , look like a guy who might not be quite as sure of thing as he would like . Max look back to the short scientist . max ( cont 'd ) how much do you weigh ? seriously . short scientist I do not think you be funny . max where the hell be my bomb ? the short scientist point to a large flatbe pick -up . a heavy tarped bomb like package strapped to the back . short scientist you do not get it till I get the money . max for a guy who 's all about transcend materialism , you talk about money so much ! 93. short scientist if you keep talk , pop - amm will cut you mouth out of you face . max Fine ... int . medical supply store -- night after business hour . a window smashes . roque climb inside . go to the front and unlock it for the other , who carry a bleeding jensen in . they lay he on a table . pooch she burn we , clay . clay ( pacing ) I know ... pooch the whole op be compromise - clay I know . jensen hey , fall comrade here ! blood flow out of he body ... ( smaller voice ) precious , precious blood ... clay ( re : jensen ) cougar ? cougar nod . gather gauze , needle , thread , and a wooden dowel . come over as Jensen look at the last one . jensen what 's that for ? cougar shove it between jensen' teeth as a answer ... pooch so we split up again . right ? clay do not respond ... pooch ( cont 'd ) right ? 94 . roque pooch ... pooch ( ignoring he ) goddammit , clay , whatever she know , Max know ! it 's over ! his word echo through the room . jensen scream through the dowel as cougar sew he up ... this be how low they have sink . clay finally look up . clay ( slowly ) okay . we split up . some of we should go international . I will do that if nobody else want to - roque so we just run again ? clay turn to he . clay there 's nothing else we can do ... silence . then : roque there 's something we can do . a beat . clay Excuse I ? roque Three year be enough . if there 's a drive at that port that we can use to get clear - clay what part of " he know we be come for it " do you not get ? they be gonna be wait for we . par - sec be gonna wait for we ... 95 . roque so figure out a way around they ; you be good at that shit , clay ! he turn , address all of they : roque ( cont 'd ) we run now , we be gonna be run forever . this be we one chance to get we life back ... ( to clay ) to steal they back . and I be prepare to do anything to any one to make that happen . he look clay dead in the eye . roque ( cont 'd ) never play a longshot , you be never gonna win . a long beat . clay , not break he look with roque : clay pooch , what 's the minimum time to scout the patrol , get a accurate head count on -site at the Port ? pooch 48 hour , but aisha know that - clay so we hit they in twelve . roque smile . pooch blink . pooch twelve hour from now ? you mean -- you want we to go in blind ? roque last thing they will expect ... pooch yeah , cause it 's dumb . clay Jensen 's already get the layout , and cougar can spot on site . right ? cougar nod . he 's in . 96 . clay ( cont 'd ) Jensen ? jensen yeah , cause gettin ' shot be awesome , I be totally up for do it again ... he give a weak thumb -up . in . all that 's leave be clay pooch ? pooch , struggle with the decision ... pooch last time we go in blind on a op , we lose everything ... clay so ? a beat . pooch look up . pooch so let 's go get it back . CUT to : ext . new york harbor -- dawn establishing . the harbor be enormous . a small twin hurricane boat cut through the morning wave . half mile from the goliath dock . at the control , clay and roque . through clay's binoculars : goliath employees go about they business , prepare for a tanker docking . all seem normal until we look a bit closer : four -man par sec security patrol . bomb sniff dog . two cobra attack chopper . clay you ready ? a goliath tanker approach from behind . roque look back at the tanker . not answer - he seem to have something on he mind . clay ( cont 'd ) roque ? 97 . roque I be ready . clay drop the twin throttles and spin the speed boat towards the approaching tanker . several tug and security launch be maneuver around it ... int . security launch - new york harbor clay and roque approach one of the launch from behind . climb aboard . they take the two security men from behind with tasers , then strip off they outer gear , revealing par -sec uniform . clay ( into radio ) we be in . status . ext . goliath terminal - perimeter STREET a block off the front gate . a black out chevy van . pooch sit behind the wheel . ready for exfiltration . pooch the pooch be good . clay ( o.s. ) cougar , squelch if you be in position . ext . goliath terminal - shoreline a drainage pipe with a thick security cage cover it . we push in hard , reveal a small open cut in the cage it -- through the open -- FIRE 70 feet into the pipe -- through a second open -- down another long pipe and slam up hard on cougar . crouched below the terminal . look up through a grill man hole at par-sec Guards . cougar squelch . ext . new york harbor clay and roque dock they Launch and hop out . blend in perfectly with the par- sec Guards . clay Jensen , we be come . you ready ? 98 . int . goliath shipping room - same a huge shipping room with hundred of crate . we push in on a large wooden crate . the side of the crate start to flex ... and splinter as Jensen break out of he box ! jensen and the crowd go wild ... int . / ext . goliath - shipping room door clay and roque approach . knock . from the inside , Jensen lean up against the door . jensen what 's the password ? roque ( o.s. ) open the door before we kill you . Jensen open the door . clay and roque quickly move in . jensen drive should be in the Computer room , two skylight over . clay roque and I will set the charge here but we will not detonate until you have the drive . roque you can not settle for steal the drive , you gotta blow up goliath 's shit too . clay what can I say , I hold a grudge . ( to jensen ) get go . Jensen nod . know how important he job be . head for a ladder . clay and roque begin to set charge throughout the room ... clay ( cont 'd ) be ready to move the second cougar hit the fire alarm ... 99 . ext . goliath terminal - day cougar avoid security . scaling a large oil tank , take up a sniper position on top of it ... across the terminal Jensen hopping rooftop to rooftop ... back to cougar in full sniper fire position . his sight dead on : a master FIRE alarm -- 300 yard down . his radio crackle : pooch ( o.s. ) guy , we get a problem ... ext . goliath terminal - perimeter STREET pooch in the van , see through binoculars ... pooch Wade 's here . and he be . be give a tour by par - SEC guard ... int . goliath shipping room clay be you kid I ? pooch ( o.s. ) no . I say we roll . ext . goliath rooftop Jensen , by a mirrore skylight ( so you can not see down into the room ) . attach a harness to he waist ... jensen I be above the computer room , maybe thirty second from the drive ... int . goliath shipping room clay , listen through the radio : pooch ( o.s. ) Wade 's head you way - last chance to get the duck out of fodge ... 100 . clay something 's not right . something ... from off camera : roque ( o.s. ) clay . clay what ? roque , stand in front of a huge cargo container . roque I think you should see this . roque 's get the door of the container open that he 's look in . clay approach ... ext . rooftop Jensen , finally ready to hit the computer room , genuflect once for luck ... int . goliath shipping room clay and roque stare ... clay you think ... aisha ? the container -- top to bottom , completely load with fresh mint stack bundle of cash . more physical money than we have ever see . by a lot . ever . then : roque no. not aisha . clay turn to he as -- wham ! -- a crowbar smashes down on he head ! roque , grip it , look down at clay ... roque ( cont 'd ) you know , for a revenge drive conspiracy nut , you be pretty fuck gullible ... ext . rooftop Jensen , leaping through the skylight ... smashing down through the glass ... 101 . int . " computer room " ... and landing in a empty room . no computer . no stand - alone drive . no nothing . except for par -sec guard with weapon train at he head ... int . chevy van - goliath terminal pooch sit in the van , into the radio : pooch Jensen , you get it ? Jensen ? do not see the five par -sec soldier move in on he car , long gun up and out ... ext . goliath oil tank - same cougar flex and aim . scope lock in on the fire alarm ... click ! Safety off on a gun press to he temple . fuck. he lay down the gun and put he hand behind he head . furious at himself for getting caught ... int . goliath shipping room - continuous from the shadow , WADE enter . clay look up at he . WADE hello , clay . be awhile . ( nodding ) roque . head wound bleed bad . the crowbar cause a mother of a gusher on clay . he wipe blood from he eye . manage : clay when ...? roque after the truck . I get tired of wait for you to save we , so I up and save myself . reached out like I say and cut a deal - I set this up , I go free . he begin walk around clay as he talk . clay traitor ... 102 . roque you give I no choice . it be always gonna end like this , clay . we capture or dead . it be always a dead end . you make sure of it . clay ( spitting blood ) bullshit ... roque not bullshit . you be gonna keep plan mission and way to hit Max until it get we all kill . clay no ... roque yes , clay . yes . only difference with this situation be at least I get to walk away . clay we all could have walk ... use the drive ... roque do not you get it yet ? there be no drive . there never be ... Wade begins laughing . clay look like he 's be slap . roque ( cont 'd ) fennel make it up to save himself . when I tell Wade , he plant the info at goliath to lead you here . clay stare at he . roque ( cont 'd ) you really think there be a happy end come ? pooch be gonna get he family back , we be gonna get to be soldier again ? ( lean down ; softly ) we lose the moment we go off mission . this be just the logical conclusion of that play out . you do not want to hear it . ( more ) 103 . roque ( cont 'd ) you just want you revenge . you face - to- face with the big bad wolf . I be sorry , buddy , but it 's the way of the world ... roque straighten back up , shaking he head : roque ( cont 'd ) guy like we do not beat guy like he . in the corner , Wade nod at this . behind he , a large semi pull up to the cash container . over the follow , a hydraulic lift hoist the cash container onto the truck : clay kill I now ... maybe you live through this . WADE oh , we be not gonna kill you . someone 's gotta get away with the cash . you crew ? I be definitely waste they . but you ? he nod to the hydro - winch slowly lowering the cash container onto the flat bed , with a smile ... WADE ( cont 'd ) you be about to steal a billion dollar from the Central Intelligence Agency . clay stare at dagger at both of they . WADE ( cont 'd ) it 's for we replacement nuke . when a billion go miss , people tend to ask who take it . ( chuckling ) Max really do love to frame you ... several par - sec Guards arrive . Wade point to clay : WADE ( cont 'd ) take he away . Drop he in Newark . ( to roque ) I will see you at Turner airfield . 104 . the Guards handcuff clay and drag he to he foot . push he towards the door . as he hustle past roque : roque wait . they stop . roque look at he old friend . roque ( cont 'd ) I be sorry it have to end this way . clay stare back at he . clay you be go to die very badly . the guard hustle clay out the door ... ext . goliath terminal - day par -sec guard lead the pooch , Jensen , and cougar towards the far end of the terminal . each , bound . cougar look up to see a separate set of Guards lead clay the opposite way . they eye connect - both know : they have lose . clay ( answer the question ) roque . cougar lower he head , sadly . clay 's push into a truck . go . the Guards take pooch , Jensen , and cougar behind a warehouse . look at each other . know , this be the end of the line . the lead Guard rack he machine gun . lead guard on you knee . pooch spit at he . the lead Guard calmly shoot he in both legs ! pooch scream . Falls . the par- sec boy force cougar and Jensen down too , clubbing they with they rifle . pooch look up at he assailant . gasp through the pain : pooch get on with it ... 105 . the lead Guard smile . look to cougar , who 's shredd he skin to the bone try to claw out of the cuff ... lead guard that 's a nice hat . he step forward to take it , but cougar be too quick for the man , moving he head away . he reach for cougar again . again , cougar evade . the guard laugh at they colleague , who continue try to grab cougar 's hat . the lead Guard have have enough of cougar 's antic . levell the rifle at he head ... lead guard ( cont 'd ) do not really care of there 's a hole in it . one wash , good as ... ( noticing ) what be you smile at ? cougar 's nod past he ... as the Guards turn to see on top of a oil tank ... aisha as she rise up to stand , a slant-k 600 rocket hip blaster lock and load . look like a Old Testament style goddess of Vengeance and destruction . a moment of frozen SHOCK on the rest of Wade 's hit Crew ... and she pull the trigger . a high pitched whistle as the rocket streak across the Terminal ! headed straight for a enormous fuel tank ... ka - boom ! the explosion rock the entire terminal ... int . truck ( moving ) the truck clay be prisoner in be blown into the AIR by the shockwave ... smashing down onto it 's side , skid ... ext . by the warehouse cougar and Jensen destroy the remain par - secs with leg . grabbing cuff key and freeing themselves . jensen should not have go after the hat ... 106 . wham ! cougar kick the Guard in the face , knock he cold . aisha rappel off the oil Tower in the distance . various par -sec team fire at she ! cougar scoops up two rifle and toss one to Jensen - they give she cover fire as she come ! as he shoot , to the wounded pooch : jensen ( cont 'd ) can you stand ? pooch I have be shot in both leg , what kind of dumbass question be that ? jensen oh , so we be Mr. grumpy now ? you be not the only one who 's be shot recently , you know ! he empty a full clip into a par - sec team and reload ... aisha -- pin down forty yard away . almost out of ammo . par - sec team , almost on top of she when a figure emerge from a overturned truck . gun in each hand , blazing . the par - secs cut down one by one . the figure lower he gun . Desert eagle . walk up to she . underneath the blood , oil , and grime , it 's clay . they stare at each other ... then , incredibly , aisha raise her weapon at he . aisha do you kill my father ? Jensen come run up , interrupt : jensen clay ? clay kind of in the middle of something here , Jensen - aisha do you kill he ? jensen there be no drive , clay - 107 . clay ( eye on aisha ) I know - jensen there be no drive and roque 's go and par - sec 's regroup and pooch could bleed out - aisha 's have enough , thumbing the hammer back : aisha do you kill he ? clay , about to respond when : cougar ( o.s. ) I do . they turn to see we long tall sniper stand above they . cougar ( cont 'd ) he ask we . it be mercy . but you be he family , so I understand . and then , incredibly , cougar lay he rifle at she foot . surrendering ... cougar ( cont 'd ) but only I . clay and Jensen blink , shocked . aisha stare at cougar , equally surprised . she level she pistol at he head ... silence . we CUT wide to see ... a gunshot . muzzle flash from aisha 's gun . cougar fall ... in close again . aisha stand over cougar 's body . the other , stunne ... and then cougar rise . face bloody . cheek rip open , from where the bullet crease he flesh . she fire again - blam ! identical scar on he other cheek . blood run down he face . he do not move to wipe it away . aisha wear it . remember he . 108 . cougar nod . leans down , pick up he rifle . debt pay . jensen okay , excellent , very tribal -- we need to go . as if on cue , bullet kick up dust around they ! a new par - sec team , income . clay , Jensen , aisha , and cougar hightail it back to where pooch lie . clay can you stand ? pooch this be stupid question day , be not it ? it 's stupid question day and someone forget to tell I ... clay sling pooch over he shoulder fireman carry style . look across the Terminal to where pooch 's van be park . push in on clay 's face for : clay let 's go . and they do . sprint across the open space in slo - mo , cougar and aisha wasting everything that move . a full on ballet of fully automatic mayhem ... they make it to the van ! pile in ! cougar behind the wheel gun the engine and they peel out ... int . van ( moving ) -- night pull on to the highway . silence set in . the high of the firefight , over . just pain and loss now . five people , some terribly wounded , with nowhere to go . just the rock of the van as it head down the road . finally : clay they win . we lose . Way it go . silence . pooch Way it always go . clay look at he . 109 . pooch ( cont 'd ) guess we should just head home . oh , wait , that 's right . we do not have home . clay do not respond . aisha study he . nod . know what have to be do . they all do . from behind the wheel : cougar where to , Colonel ? clay look up at the use of rank ... ext . private airstrip -- night Wade pull up in a corvette . get out and walk over as roque finish supervise par- sec guard finish load the cash onto a huge transport plane . WADE you friend jack -rabbitted . should we be worried ? roque clay do not take risk . it 's why I be here and he 's not . WADE you be sure ? roque nod . WADE ( cont 'd ) can I ask you something ? why would you stick with that loser for so long ? roque consider . then : roque they be good guy . Wade half smile at this . shake he head . WADE no such thing . I will go call Max . he begin walk towards hangar ... crack ! as the fence by the airstrip be smashed inward by the Van ! headed straight for he ! clay , waving : 110 . clay hi , Wade ! by the plane roque turn to the Pilot : roque declan , start the plane ... by the hangar WADE raise he uzi and fire - take out the Van 's front tire ! the van flip ! smash end over end , finally come to a rest on it 's side ! climb out , groan : pooch next time , remind I - car crash first , then get shot ... jensen sound less painful that way ... clay look across the tarmac to see the plane begin to taxi . roque stand in they back - load ramp still down . flip clay a salute ... clay cougar and I be go after that plane . the rest of you , get Wade . jensen I and legless pooch be on it ! ( re : aisha ) where the hell be she go ? aisha be head off to the fenceline ... clay and cougar run for Wade 's corvette . cougar slide behind the wheel and start she up , peeling out after the plane ... pooch you call I legless pooch again , you be gonna be headless Jensen . jensen what , it 's a cool name ! it make you sound like a pirate ! ( off he look ) Fine , let 's go kill Wade ... on the runway 111 . cougar gun the engine , catch up to the taxiing transport plane . clay lean out the window , shoot at roque huddle in the plane 's cargo hold , returning FIRE . the pilot , yell to he . pilot we do not have enough runway to take off - we be go to have to turn around and come back to get up to speed ! roque Fine , just get we in the air ! he fire another burst from he weapon at the vette ! click - he weapon dry . roque ( cont 'd ) I be out ! in the corvette -- simultaneously , clay , weapon dry . clay I be out . he stare through the windshield to look at roque . clay ( cont 'd ) get I closer ... int . hangar -- night Jensen enter , carry a machine gun . jensen yoo-hoo ! Wade ! ( a 'la the Warrior ) come out and plaaaayyy - the roar of a engine -- Jensen dive out of the way as Wade whip past on a motorcycle ! head for the runway ! jensen ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) hey , Wade 's come at you ! I ... he trail off . look at the lear jet that Wade arrive in . sitting in the hangar 's corner . key the radio ... 112 . jensen ( cont 'd ) I think I just find we way out of here ... ext . airstrip -- day the corvette , pull behind the still lower rear ramp of the transport plane ! clay , onto the corvette's hood ... roque , rise to meet he . wait for he ... clay jump ! landing on the ramp ! in the cargo hold - roque smile . pull a wicked looking knife . the two man stand there . sizing one another up ... roque gotta admit , I always wonder how this would play out . clay aisha think you kill I . roque it 's a distinct possibility ... they begin circle one another . clay , still weaponless . roque ( cont 'd ) you do not have a knife ? clay do not need one . roque bit of as longshot for you ... clay ( smiling ) no . it 's not . roque lunge at he ... but clay do have a knife . he pull it and slam it into roque 's belly ! roque , stunne ! stagger back ... for most man , that would be the end of the fight . but not this two . roque give clay a bloody grin . 113. roque now I really be gonna cut you head off ... he lunge again ! and now it be fully on ... the blade whip up and down - almost too fast to see roque get clay with a leave cross , then bury he knife in clay 's shoulder . clay twist free , slashes at roque . ten second in , the man separate again . breathe hard ... clay see roque do not have he knife . look - realize it 's still embed in he own shoulder . pull it out , toss it back to roque . they stand there , both panting ... then run at each other full tilt ! here 's how it end . and pay attention , it happens fast : clay go low -- come up to grab roque 's knife hand , which be arcing downward toward clay's throat -- clay manage to halt the hand , blade inch from he Adam 's apple -- and there 's a moment where roque could overpower he and actually cut he head off ... but clay throws he weight forward and break roque' right arm ! and for the first time , roque scream . which seem to make clay happy . so he break roque' left arm too . roque fall to he knee , broken , bloody , and beaten ... to reveal -- the pilot . lean out of the cockpit , desert eagle levell at clay . clay shit - the Pilot pull the trigger . the bullet slam into clay 's abdomen and blows he off he foot backwards -- flying out of the plane -- and landing on hood of the corvette clay smashes down on the windshield -- cougar pump the brake and spin the wheel -- desperately try to keep clay from roll off the hood ... 114 . the plane turning around at the end of the runway . beginning it 's final run to get up to speed ... the corvette now drive toward it on a chicken - like collision course when whoosh ! WADE fly past on he motorcycle ! clay turn to cougar through the spiderwebbed windshield : clay ( cont 'd ) rifle ... cougar pass clay he sniper rifle and floors it ... visualize this -- at one end of the runway , the plane start to take off . at the opposite end , Wade 's motorcycle head full speed at the approach plane . cougar and clay , chase Wade . and then aisha step out into the middle of the runway . the rocket launcher clutch in she hand . she take a knee . aim at the plane , which be almost at lift speed . roque see she from the cockpit . she lock eye with he and grins -- firing into the landing gear of the plane as ... the corvette pull even with WADE . instead of shoot , clay throws cougar 's rifle between the spoke of Wade 's front tire , cause the bike to catapult WADE off and forward ... ... through the AIR and into the right number two jet engine of the now fly cargo plane . the engine explode . aisha , somehow safe on the ground , look up at the escape plane . clay look up . all of they watch ... ...as roque die very badly . whoomp ! the big plane explode in a monster fireball --va dooom ! Burning gas and iron and cash . FIRE rule . 115 . on the ground we guy . bloody , eye bitterly triumphant . clay stare at the sight before he . only one word for it . clay ( cont 'd ) outstanding . Jensen approach , support pooch . jensen not to rain on everyone 's we kill all the bad guy parade , but we should probably get go - legless pooch have a learjet all gass up for we in the hangar . ( off pooch 's look ) it 's a cool name - from the smashed up bike Wade be drive , wade's cell phone ring . clay get off the hood of the vette and cougar and aisha help he hobble over . answer it : clay hello ? int . NORTH india -- hangar -- day max and the indian . intercut with clay : max we good ? tight on clay realize who he 's talk to . clay not by a longshot . you be not have a real great day , Max . max who be this ? clay just a voice on the phone . max where 's Wade ? clay work on the engine . 116 . a beat as it hit Max . max clay . clay it 's Colonel . in the distance , siren . max Colonel , yes . well do . clay thank you . max I understand you have always want to meet face to face . I be sure that could be arrange ... a beat . then : clay I do not think the guy you be about to stiff for a billion dollar be go to allow that to happen . ( look to the other ) we win . you lose . Goodbye . he snap the phone shut and toss it into the fire . turn to the other . clay ( cont 'd ) lear jet ? pooch ( grinning ) ready when you be . pooch , Jensen , and cougar start for the hangar . clay look to aisha . a moment between they . aisha I want to find and punish that responsible for my father 's death . Max , he man , everyone . clay that why you sleep with I ? 117 . aisha that and the cardio . clay smile . clay you come ? a beat . she nod . aisha I be come . clay good cause there 's no way I could walk it ... she help he up and we begin to pull up and back as they head for the hangar . together . int . NORTH india -- hangar -- day Max lower the phone . look stunne . the short scientist have run out of patience . short scientest time be up , stretch . Max look at the short scientist . max stretch . that 's a good one . but he do not look like he 's very amused . short scientest because you be so much taller than i. max yeah , no , I get it ... momentary pause . the short scientist look at Max . slowly get up , leave max alone in the room with the ten Indians . Max take a deep breath , look up at the death squad . max ( cont 'd ) you gentleman consider yourselves to be soldier or businessman ? CUT to : 118. black screen we think it 's the end . but then we hear wind . blow through tree . cricket . the soft sound of evening television . somewhere suburban ... fade in on : ext . suburban house -- night a nice quiet neighborhood . outside the kitchen window pooch 's wife jolene , do dish in the sink again . a rustling . jolene look up this time . she obviously hear it . she put down the dish and go to the door . open it and look out to see ... nothing . not even by the swingset . she sigh . about to head back inside when she spy a glint of light . by the oak tree in the front . she step outside . walk down until she see what it be . her breath hitches in she chest . a frilly purple ribbon be tie around the old oak tree . and now there be tear in jolene 's eye . because she know what it mean . her husband be alive . and he will make it home . someday . fade out