holiday by Nancy meyer March 22 , 2005 lush , romantic movie music over a black screen fade in : on a young couple kissing on the beach . as the camera glide around they , the music soar . camera widen and we realize we be watch the Young couple on a large Computer screen and at the computer 's keyboard , write the music we be hearing be mile -- early thirty , boyish , shaggy in he T-shirt and khakis . the depth and tenderness of he composition bely he appearance . we be in : mile 's L.A. house in the hollywood hill small and Spanish . it 's a December afternoon . through the window , we see the wind blow olive tree in a courtyard . mile continue to compose as we see he pretty girlfriend in the b.g. , talk on she cell as she get dress . a actress no doubt . over , we hear the voice of a young english woman , Iris . Iris ' Voice be know and warm . Iris ( v.0 . ) I have find almost everything ever write about love to be true . Shakespeare say , " journey end when lover meet . " what a extraordinary think . personally I have not experience anything remotely close to that but I be more than willing to believe Shakespeare have . I suppose I think about love more than anyone really should . I be constantly amaze by it 's sheer power and by all its subtlety and complexity . mile ' girlfriend pass behind the computer screen and mile , take with she , seem to now compose to she beauty . she , however , be in a rush and do not seem to notice . mile reach for she with one arm , kiss she hand , still play the keyboard with the other . she look at he impatiently . oblivious to this , mile watch she exit as he continue to play . Iris ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be Shakespeare who also say , " Love be blind " . now , that , be something I know to be true . int . porsche - moving — sunset boulevard - night - music continue a couple drive home from a party without speak . the woman , in she early thirty , in the passenger seat , turn and stare steadily at she man . feeling she eye on he , he glance over but she seem to see right through he . he can not take it . his eye return to the road . she nod to herself . Iris ( v.0 . ) and for some , quite inexplicably ... love fade . int . bedroom - brentwood — night - music continue arthur abbott , eighty - some year old , get in he Queen size bed , alone . a photo of he belove wife , take in the fifty , sit on he night stand . Arthur take he moment to look at the photo , as he always do , before turn out the light . Iris [ v.0 . ) for other , love be simply lose . the wind blow a window close . int . pub - england - night ~ music continue a great looking man , around 40 , make he way though a crowded pub . there be not a girl in the place who do not look in he direction . he shyly smile at one lucky girl . Iris ( ¥.0 ) -- but then of course , love can also be find . even if just for the night . int . london newspaper office - after hour a holiday party be in progress . camera wend its way through the festive atmosphere . tris ( v.0 . ) and then there 's another kind of love . the cruelest kind . the one that almost kill its victim . it 's call , unrequite love . of that , I be a expert . most love storey be pretty much about people who fall in love -- with each other . but what about the rest of we ? what about we storey ? that of we who fall in love alone . we be the ( more ) Iris ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) victim of the one sided affair . we be the curse of the love one . we be the unlove one . the walk wounded , the handicapped without the advantage of a great parking space . yes , you be look at one such individual . yes , there ... in the blue sweater . that 's right . that 's I . and I have willingly love that man -- ( and we see he across the room , drink in hand , talk to a small group ) -- for over three miserable year . the absolute worst year of my life . the worst christmase , the worst birthdays , New Year 's eves bring in by tear and xanax . this year that I have be in love have be the darkest day of my life ... all because I have be curse by be in love with a man who do not and will not love I back . oh , God , here he come ... heart pound ... throat thicken ..- absolutely can not swallow ... all the usual symptom . we be look at Iris , smartest girl in the room although she do not know it . sweet to she core . the unrealize hero of she own life . Iris slip back , deeper into the crowd and find a friendly face , hannah . Hannah be smoking and drink champagne . irie take Hannah 's glass and downs it . hanna uh-oh ... irie peek around and spot he as another group have grab he . his name be jasper . he 's not conventionally good look but have a confident and sly sexuality which draw woman to he . he 's clearly the biggest star in the room , the paper 's most important and recognize writer . everyone want he attention but few can actually get it . hannah ( cont 'd ) ( notice ) oh , jasper ... you be not still ? Iris no , no . no . that 's over . very over . {to young pass Assistant ) ( more ) Iris ( cont 'd ) Peter , bring Hannah another champagne and one for I , will you ? please ? thank you . hannah I think so . ( on the qt ) what be the story with you two ? you be shagging he , be not you ? irl more importantly , I be in love with he ... truth be know . hannah oh yes , I remember , then you find cut he be shagging that drip from circulation . Iris yes . I do ... which be when I stop shagging he . I do not think we should be talk about this at the ... guy ( pass by ) -- iris. Iris Jeffrey . guy my wife love you column last week . read it to I out loud . very clever . make she cry . Iris thank she for I . hannah but I always see you two together . he cheat on you and you stay friend ? Iris yes , well , he do not see it as cheating . see , I think we be together , he say we be only '' dating '' . hannah do dating mean you be suppose to assume he be shagging other woman ? Iris I do not think so . obviously . I be head over heel ... you know ... ( embarrassed ) -- everyone know . do it look like I be ery right now ? hannah no , it look like it 's from my cigarette . do he ever tell you he love you ? Iris yes . Three , almost four time . when I remind he of that he say it must have be as a answer to a question ... which it most certainly be not . hannah you know , Iris , when you catch a guy shagging another woman , you be not suppose to stay friend with he . you be suppose to never talk to the prick again , you be suppose to throw thing at he , scream , call he name ... not do he fuck laundry . Iris I do not do he laundry . do someone tell you I do he laundry ? all we do now be ...we ... we do e— mail . not when he 's with " she " of course . also when he 's not with she , we talk on the phone . sometimes for hour ... plove the think ) and then there 's the occasional long lunch ... ( then ) it 's bloody torture . but he say we would be crazy to give up we friendship , thet I be one of the most important people in he life . hannah I never realize how pathetic you be . Iris really ? God , I be so aware of it . they champagne arrive . Iris drink hers down quickly . hannar Fucking man . they always get we right where they want we . who would not want a fantastic girl like you in love with he ... hang on he every word ... he know anytime he want to crawl back , .. Iris ( confidentially ) -- actually he have say some small comment like that recently . have not come right out and say it exactly but ... editor not in the party mode ( pass by ) Iris , do you file you story ? Iris no , I do not , thank you very much . ocheck she watch ) down to the wire ... sorry . Iris take off , then rush back to Hannah . Iris ( cont 'd ) try to keep this between we . Iris rush into : a tiny cubicle of a office . the wall be cover with Black and White photo of bride and groom on they wedding day . Iris write the union column , the only good news in the newspaper , which feature couple on they wedding Day in every Sunday 's style section she sit at she computer and bring up a story which just need a few last word . she look at a photo of a beaming bride and GROOM in they fifty , . refer to she note . Iris ( as she type ) the groom 's best friend speak for many guest when he say , '' Hilary + will open Edward 's eye and round out he life " . man' voice what 's it like to be the only person commit to they work while the rest of we be slumming ? Iris look up . it 's jasper , stand in she doorway . a small bit of holly in he lapel , a drink in he hand . tris ( loving he , have to look away ) you mean what 's it like to be the only person not to finish they work on time . hold on .... ( type a last line ) jasper look how fast that big brain of yours work . probably a brilliant finish . Iris I assure you it 's not . she hit a button and send she story to she editor . jasper ( know just how to lean in the doorway ) hi ... Iris ( die , she adore he so much ) hi. you column today be fantastic . love that line ... ( quote he ) " the onrush stripping of dignity and think from british life . " gave I the chill . the smile on he face tell we how much he love hearing this from she . jasper get you something for Christmas . Iris get you something too . she open she drawer and take out a gift . jasper oh , damn , I do not actually have mine here ... as a matter of fact , I may have misplace it but I know I buy you something . hope I do not lose it . could be in my caress Iris that 's okay . jasper you want to know what it be ? Iris no , I can wait . but here , open yours . jasper open Iris ' gift and find a book . jasper ( cvecognize it ) you stinker ... she melt . he open the book . seem to genuinely love it . jasper ( cont 'd ) first edition . where would you find it ? ( seem to be really take with she ) you be so great ... at this moment she world be near perfection . his eye seem to brim with tear as he look at she ... but maybe she 's just imagine it . through the glass wall of she office , they see they editor in chief , hugh buckley stand on a chair to quiet down the crowd . jasper ( cont 'd ) hate that we can never talk . Iris I know ... they exit together into : the newsroom the crowd have gather . Iris turn and have somehow lose jasper . she look for he as she stand alone , in the back , near she office . huge first of all , to each and every one of you , a very merry Christmas . we be not officially close , as you well know but with any luck , we will not go to war , the flu will not spread and the Queen will not abdicate . give that , we may be able to get by with a smaller than ( more ) . hugh ( cont 'd ) normal staff . now , before some of you rush off on holiday I have one rather important announcement . this effect Iris . Iris , where be you ? ixis , surprised , raise she hand and be push forward . hugh ( cont 'd ) Iris , T have a tip for you . tris excellent . huge a wedding be privately announce earlier today which I do not believe any other paper in town know about and I want you to be the first to report on this particular '' union '' as it be between two of we most esteem colleague . May I introduce , the newly engage -- Sarah Smith - alcott and jasper Bloom . sarah step forward . a sincere , make no wave kind of girl . a second banana if ever there be one . she light up as she turn to jasper who join she , take she hand . camera slowly push in on Iris , try desperately not to ery in front of everyone she know . jasper say a few word but tris do not hear they . when he finish , he catch Iris in the crowd . she give he a small approve nod and the bravest possible smile . as they eye connect , someone pat jasper on the back and he attention be once again go and Iris be once again , leave alone . Iris - close as she escape through the crowd and into her office . she take she coat off the back of she door , slip into it then see the wrinkle wrapping paper from she gift . she pick it ub , crumple it , then notice the book be sit on a end table , forget . Iris ( hold back she tear ) yeah , that 's right ... I be sooo great . greatest idiot that ever live . 10 . int . train - moving - night tris , hold the book on she lap , sit in a empty train car , a tissue in she hand . ext . surrey - night snow fall as Iris walk the curve of the cobblestone street of she small village . at one end of the street be a church . at the other , be the village pub which be overflow with patron . as Iris pass the pub , someone call she name but she do not answer . ext . village house - moment later a picture postcard stone cottage sit nestle in a winter garden . this be one of the smallest house you have ever see . tris walk the narrow footbridge up to she front gate . she open the gete and a bell ring . a dog can be hear bark inside the house . int . Iris ' cottage Iris enter , turn on the light and be greet by she dog , charlie . tris hey , look who it be ... give I a kiss ... give mé a .... ( she hug he ) you be so warm . okay . okay . give I a sec , Charlie , I gotta take off my boot . hold on ... iris fall into a soft upholster chair . she pull off she boot , sit there for a second in she wet coat , wet hair , look at she dog . Iris ( cont 'd ) guess what ? and then she burst inte tear . int . live room - brentwood , california - morning the man we see drive the porsche ( on page 2 ) , wake up on a couch . pillow under he head , blanket over he . he be in a great look room in a great . look , sun fill house . 6,000 square foot in prime brentwood . the house have the relaxed good taste you get with a smart decorator . the man be ethan , artistic good lock , almost forty , tousleda hair , T-shirt , boxer , vintage rolex and a large dose of narcissism which he have never discuss with he shrink . ii . ethan sit up , run he hand through he hair , look around and catch the eye of the uniform gardener , blow eucalyptus leave outside a wall of window . ethan walk through the house call , " amanda " . he check out the oversize Kitchen , the media room , the gym , the expansive Home Office . he pass a Christmas Tree with a jewish star on top , climb the CENTER hall stair . ethan amanda ? ive ethan a nod toward the bedroom and a look that suggest a housekeeper pass he on her way down the stair . she giv he * 's in trouble . ethan continue up the stair and stop outside of the master bedroom door . he hesitates , open it and a sneaker fly at he head . he duck . the thrower of the sneaker be amanda wood , wear white pajamas , a bed-head of fabulous hair , a necklace with some sort of diamond pendant and a red kabbalah string bracelet . amanda would not know how to play the victim if she be one . Men do not just fall for this woman , they fall under she spell . fiercely intelligent , blaze eye , a big city girl with a small town in she past . at the moment , she 's about to explode . ethan ( cont 'd ) May I just say again that I do not sleep with she . amanda ( pace ) okay . right . you receptionist need to work ' till 3 in the morning ? ethan a bunch of we be work all night ... she want to hang out . amanda okay , then swear on my life that you do not sleep with she . {she get very still and wait ) go ahead . 12 . ethan start to open he mouth , then stop . another sneaker fly at he . he duck it . amanda ( cont 'd ) you receptionist , ethan ??? that fake - boob , lip-linered , g-string stick out ... she can not even pronounce people 's name ! amanda start to quickly gather some of ethan 's book and thing . amanda ( cont 'd ) see . this be why I know we should not get marry . this be why I tell you never to give up you house . I know it . Inside , somehow I know this . ethan first of all , i do not sleep with she and secondly , we have have problem for over a year . you do not want . to deal with that , I know , but we have ... so let 's not make this about Amy . amanda oh , I be well aware we have have problem for over a year . if I work a little too much I never stop hearing about it but if you work too much , maestro , it 's for the sake of you " music " . ethan if you work too much ?! amanda , you cut 75 trailer this year . you put a cut room in the house , you sleep with you blackberry . look at you side of the bed ... it 's like a work station ..... when be the last time we have sex ? want to take a guess ? amanda oh , come on , no one have time for sex . ethan that 's not true . okay ? 13 . amanda okay , that 's it ! you absolutely sleep with she ! it 's official . we be finish ! you gotta get you clothes and all you crap and ... oshoo he out ) can you get out ? seriously , you have to get out . ethan I think you want I to get my clothes ? she back he out the door and down the stair : amanda ¥ou know what I really think ethan ? I do not think you ever really love I . how 's that ? I think you love the idea of you and I ... but not so much I ... not me. not really . ethan I do not even know what that mean except that you be criticize the way I love you . I do the best I could . be anyone good enough for that job ? that hurt . she open the front door , toss ethan he key then move he out the door . amanda I '1l send you you thing . ethan now stand outside the door in he boxer short . amanda face he stand inside the house . the gardener try not to listen . ethan you know you do this , right ? you screw up every relationship you have ever be in . it 's what you do . amanda slam the door on he . as she run back up the stair she hear : ethan's voice something about you do not really want to be a couple . not really . you resist it ... in you own way . 14 angle - ethan out front of the house yelling up to she bedroom window . ethan and it 's hard to detect how you even do it ' cause nobody 's quite as smart as you , so you be hard to catch at it , but it always surface and this be what happen . amanda open a upstair window , look down . amanda what happen ? ethan ( look up at she ) thing end . just like you kmaw they would . look , you know how I feel about you . there 's nobody like you , but you do not want to be what I need . ncorrect himself ) not , " I " need ... you know what I mean ... amanda I would never cheat on you . not under any condition . ethan and neither would i. okay ?! look at I ... I be sweat like a God damned pig and look at you , you nre the only woman on earth who break up with she boyfriend and do not shed a tear . that mean something do not it ? amanda so I be curse because I do not need you enough and ... why do it bug 's you so much that I can not cry ? ethan I do not say you do not need I enough although that 's probably true too . amanda rub she chest . ouch . 15 . amanda abhhh ... esophogial spasm . Big one ... ow ! ( see he look ashen ) I will be fine . ethan I know . I be think about I . amanda ( through she pain ) ethan , it 's over so we might as well be honest with each other . ( very vulnerable ) dust . tell I . do you sleep with she ? ( he still do not answer ) just say it . what 's the difference at this point ? why torture I ? put I out of my misery . ( rub she chest } what be we do , here ? just tell I . bo what 's right for God 's sake . ethan ( beat ) okay . ( that get she attention ) yes . okay . I sleep with she . you happy ? I have be sleep with she . she 's in love with I . she 's young and ... the gardener look over at ethan , shaking he head . what a ethan ( cont 'd ) I - I be not proud of this ... amanda nod , disappear into the bedroom . ethan ( cont 'd ) amanda ..? a beat and the front dcor open and amanda very calmly cross to ethan . amanda do you say , " be I happy ? " 16 ethan I do not mean that . you get I nut then I say thing I do not mean . amanda you know what cheating be ethan ? ethan ndoe not want to hear it ) just .. what ? no , what ? amanda it 's a coward 's way of break up . and at it 's core , what it be ... be unkind . because it make everyone involved , include I , feel cheap and crazy . it 's a bad way to end thing because this be how I will always think of you . not as that guy I spend three year with and go to Hawaii with and take cooking lesson with ... you will always and forever be the ass-hole that lie and cheat and nothing you ever say or do from this moment on will ever change my mind about you . in the world of love ... not that I be such a genius at it ... but in the world of love ... cheating be simply not acceptable . ethan ( not deal with she ) okay ... amanda and the fact that in this fight , you make this about I and not you make '' ass -hole " the nicest thing I can ever say about you . ethan no matter what you think and I know you have a very high opinion of yourself -- this be not all I . and 's when you be not in such a rage , you will know it too . amanda yeah . maybe when the rage subside and I stop have vision of you two together ... I will see you side . amanda turn , start to walk away then come right back , make a fist and punch ethan in the face . twice . he lose he balance and fall on he ass . int . house amanda enter out of breath , adrenaline pump . she jump up and down out of frustration and let out a scream . bristol , amanda 's pregnant assistant arrive from the kitchen , hold a spiral notebook and a pen and catch the tail end of this . bristol be this a bad time ? amanda no. I be just flipping out a little . fuck ! I be alright . shit ! I be okay . what 's up ? fortunately , amanda be often seve by she unique ability to change subject with lightning speed . bristol Ben need you . int , amanda' guest house which have be turn into a cutting room . Movie one sheet be stack against the wall . another wall be fill with videotape . sitting at a avid be BEN , trim , fade John Kerry T-shirt , two day growth of beard . amanda enter . we can see a beautiful pool and patic umbrella behind she . amanda be it better ? BEN yeah , you change be good . TI just need you to sign off on it so I can get it over to the studio . they want it on the air tomorrow . amanda nod . Ben hit a button on the avid and a tv spot for a movie play . we hear that familiar narrator ..... '' this Christmas , Columbia picture present ... " the movie be a Black buddy Comedy / action Film . the image be familiar : helicopter , male star in prada suit , uzis point at the lens , blond in bikinis , car careen out of control . amanda ( when it 's over ) it finally look like a hit . BEN that 's why they pay you the big buck . amanda but I still think you cut a little too fast off the guy in the doo rag . and try put the blonde before the house blow up , and hang on will a few frame longer when he say , " do not hate I ' cause I '' pretty . '' his smile 's great . ( head out ) and make " Christmas Day " twice as big . and try it in red . buta happy red . BEN ( take note ) okay . amanda okay ! we be do ! ( impulsively ) hey . why do not we take off for a few week . BEN ( laugh ) yeah . amanda I be not kid . everyone elee in town take off for Christmas . bristol but you always say this be we busy ... amanda . -- I know , but we have get 20 people in the office . they can handie thing for a few week . BEN you will jet they handle thing ? amanda orub she chest ) I think I gotta get out of town . I need some peace and quiet ... or whatever it be people go away for . you know what I really want to do ? I want to eat carb without want ( more ) 19 . amanda ( cont 'd ) to kill myself . I want to read a book . not a magazine article ... a actual book . I read this review , T buy the book but I never read they . ouch ! ( rub she chest ) do you read that article in the New York Times last Sunday ? severe stress make woman age prematurely , because the stress cause the DNA in we cell to shrink until they can no longer replicate . so when we be stress we look haggard . just woman ... not man . remember when they use to say single woman over 35 be more likely to be kill by a terrorist than get marry ? that be ... horrible . so now we generation be also not get marry and bonus .... real terrorist actually become part of we life s0 now the stress of it all show up in we face , make we look haggard while ethan go on look cute forever and fuck he 24 year old receptionist . bristol I think a vacation sound like a solid idea . int . amanda' home office amanda sit at she computer , google vacation spot . amanda ( type ) okay ... where do I want to go ? by myself ... at Christmas ... by myself , " depressed " at Christmas . all alone on vacation . alone , alone ... totally alone . she stop type . tries to cry . quiver she bottom lip , quick breath ... she can not make tear . stop try . amanda ( cont 'd ) oread what have show up on she screen ) worry free vacation . good . where 's that ? ( read ) bora bora ... ( try out the think ) '' kayak for one " .... noooo. ( more ) 20 . amanda ( cont 'd ) ( read on} Caribbean ? ( think about it ) ica not . all couple and kid ... which I do not have . ncontinue google ) vacation rental ... ( like this idea ) yeah . hole up in a house somewhere , disappear for a few week , ...nobody ' 1l know I . good . ( read ) where do you want to go on you next vacation ? Three click be all it take to search , Select and contact you perfect vacation home exchange partner . click here and pick a country . she click and a full page of country name show up . everything from albania to Zanzibar . amanda ( cont 'd ) oread ) where do they speak English ? she move the mouse to england and click . a full page of name of towns and city in England show up . amanda ( cont 'd ) ( read ) click on a city . she randomly pick cotswold . click . bmanda ( cont 'd ) ( read ) barn convert to modern house in beautiful cotswold ... I like the sound of that ... " cotswold * . a photo of the house in cotswold show up . it could not look more ordinary . amanda ( cont 'd ) -- which look exactly like the Valley . ( click on another town ) isolate country house with distant view . I could do isolate . a photo of the house appear . Big , gothic , on a hill . 2i . amanda ( cont 'd ) oy , the shine ... ( she quickly click on another town , read ) Christmas in the country . a fairy tale English cottage set in a tranquil country garden . snuggle up by the old brick fireplace and enjoy a glow fire and a cup of cocoa .. + {just the description be soothing ) a enchant oasis of tranquility in a guiet English hamlet just forty minute from exciting London . amanda click and a photo of Iris ' cottage show up . she smile as we hear the sound of a tea kettle go off : CUT to : int , Iris ' cottage - same time it 's eight hour later in England and Iris be make a cup of tea before bed . she look wipe out . it 's be a hard night . a light snow fall outside the window . she hear she computer ping . she sit at the kitchen table and look at she laptop . it 's a home exchange instant message . it say : i'm interested in renting you house . be it still available ? Iris renting my house ? Iris type back : sorry , it 's only available for home exchange . int . amanda' home office - same time amanda ( to herself ) Home exchange ?? ( read new message from Iris ) we switch house , car , everything . I have not do it before but friend of mine have . suppose to be great . where be you ? tris nstare at she computer ) please say America . 22 . amanda type : z.a. eris ( cont 'd ) jackpot ! wiping she tear , Iris type : I have never be there but always want to go . I be Iris , by the way . I be very normal . neat freak . healthy . non smoker . single . Iris ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) -- hate my horrible life . amanda type : I be amanda . amanda ( to herself ) loser , loner , complicated wreck . Iris type : hu. amanda answer : hi . amanda think abeut this , then write : must say , you house look idyilic . just what I need . Iris type : thank you . what do you place look like ? I do not need much ... just love the idea of be 6090 mile from here . amanda answer quickly : I totally get that . my place be nice -- little bigger than yours . Iris : not hard to be . amanda laugh , type : I have Three bedroom , four bath , Kitchen , family room , media room ... Iris ( read all this ) be she kid ? amanda keep go : Home office , gym , Pool and Guest House . assume this will never work , Iris type : JI have a kitchen , bedroom , bathroom , live room . that 's it . Iris ( cont 'd ) {to herself ) Nice know you . amanda write : sound perfect . both woman sit and look at they computer . 23 . Iris type : and I have a dog . amanda answer : that 's cool . Iris smile . amanda : can I ask you one thing ? Iris : sure . amanda : be there any man in you town ? Iris : honestly ? amanda : yes . irt : Zero . amanda : when can I come ? tris hesitates , then type : tomorrow too soon ??? amanda , go on impulse : tomorrow 's perfect actually . Iris quickly type : okay , form to fill cut , etc. , but we be on for two week , start tomorrow . both woman sit and stare at they computer . a little nervous . amanda : can I call you to talk in person ? Iris relax : Love if you would . and as quickly as Iris type in she phone number and send , the phone ring . Iris pick it up . Iris ( cont 'd ) hellot int . british atr - coach - day the plane be board and through the crowd of passenger , we see Iris make she way through the coach section to she seat . naturally , it 's in the middle of three seat and the seat on either side of she be empty . she settles into the center seat , look up and see a great look italian guy look at the seat right next to she . she can not believe she luck . he smile at she . she smile back . he 's then join by he beautiful skinny girlfriend who point he to the next row . then , two very pleasing look woman in they fifty stop at Iris ' row and squeeze into the empty seat knock she 24 . around a bit . Iris ' blackberry beeps . she check it . it 's from jasper . it say : eard you have left for holiday !n lotus land . first vacation in four year /s turning point . { salute you . how do 1 reach you ? jasper . Iris close she eye , try to will willpower . her eye go to the line : how do I reach you ? her eye well up as she write back : dear jasper , ( she delete the '' dear " ) jasper , we both know I need to fall out of love with you . would be great if you would let I try . xx . ( delete the xx ) . Iris . the woman next to Iris have be read over she shoulder and pat Iris ' arm . another british AIR flight - first CLASS - night - in flight close on a stack of book the size you would take with you if you be go away for a year . the stack sit next to amanda who wear the british Air Eye shade , sweat , noisy bangle bracelet . harper 's bazaar lie open on she lap . with she eye cover , she take a pepsid ac , throw it down with some water , rub she chest and close the window shade . she pull up the comforter , adjust she pillow . a beat and she lift she eye shade to she forehead , stare straight up at the plane 's ceiling and we hear : that familiar movie trailer guy voice - amanda Woods be proud to present -- " her life " . she have it all . the job , the house , the guy . this holiday season find out what amanda do not have . as if to shut the guy out , amanda snap she eye shade back over she eye . a british passport be stamped by a U.S. custom officer . he hand it back to a excited Iris . Iris wish I luck ! the custom guy say nothing . Iris move on . a beat and she return . 25 . Iris ( cont 'd ) I be a little superstitious . could you wish I luck ? custom officer good luck . another stamp hit amanda' passport . a british custom Officer pass the passport back to amanda . she yawn , wear sunglass . helicopter shot - freeways intersecting — day a san diego freeway sign —- '' sunset boulevard " ~ day Iris , in the backseat of a taxi , look out the open window like a kid , she hair blow . ext . surrey , england - late day a mercede drive through the picturesque village which be now cover in snow . int . mercede ~ moving the driver slow to a stop and turn to the backseat .. amanda be asleep wear the british Air eye shade . driver miss ? miss ? amanda jump , lift she eye shade . driver ( cont 'd ) we be here . amanda lower the window let in the cold air . she look out at a snow cover stone wall . amanda ( disorient ) this can not be it . driver ( point the other way ) it 's just down that lane , but I will never be able to turn at the other end . think you can make it from here ? amanda squint try to see how long the lane be . 26 . amanda no . ext . snow cover lane the mercede pull away and leave amanda in heel , jeans , shearling coat , a long red scarf , a balenciaga bag , a carry on , and a huge black tumi suitcase . she toss she scarf over she shoulder , pop the handle on she suitcase and begin drag it behind she , down the snow cover lane . whoops . she skid , almost fall , regains she balance . a clump of snow fall from a tree branch , hit she smack on the head . amanda thank you . close — amanda' snow cover manolos come to a stop . tilt up to amanda , out of breath , arrive at Iris ' little gate . she wipe snow from the stone wall and reveal the house number . she look ahead and see the tiny cottage , nestle under snow cover branch . amanda ( to the house ) I be here ... amanda open the gate , the bell on it ring a freeze little ring and she drag she thing up to the front door , lift a flower pot and find a key . she insert the key and be greet by Iris ' dog , Charlie . she pet he as she turn on the light , look around the cottage , see it 's small , charming bedroom with pitch ceiling , tiny bathroom , cramped Kitchen , cozy little live room . amanda stand between she bag , able to see the full place as she do a 360 . amanda ( cont 'd ) what be I do here ? ext . brentwood STREET - same time the taxi pull away revealing Iris out front of amanda' gate , hold she one smallish suitcase . she 's overdress for a warm winter day in l.a . she stand beneath a orange tree , the sun shine brightly on she as she look through the gate at amanda 's spread . Iris Holy shit . she press a button on the call BOX . 27 . bristol' voice Iris ? tris ( get too close to the box ) yes . I be here . hello . bristol' voice hey ... come on in . Iris try push on the gate when suddenly it automatically swing open . Iris ( lean back to the box ) sorry . a wind greet she as she carry she suitcase up the gravel driveway . pregnant bristol exit the front door hold a binder . bristol hi , I be bristol , I be amanda 's assistant . I be really sorry to do this but you plane be late and I have a doctor 's appointment , so I have get to take off . tris oh , no problem . bristol thanks . I make you this binder , it explain how everything in the house work . the alarm , the password , the gate code ... I give you all the speed diai number for police , fire , gardener , pool man , housekeeper , I . direction for the phone , the sound system , the tvs , dvd player and tivo . the equipment in the gym be pretty self explanatory . the exterior light go on automatically and sco do the sprinkler so you do not have to worry about that . here 's clicker for the gate and the garage and key to the front door , the side door , the mail box and the prius . nsee Iris 's expression ) do not worry . it 's only a house . it 's easier than it look . 28 . int . house Iris enter , take it all in ... the beautiful decor , the large generous room . her mind be blow . she place she thing by the door and immediately check out the house . we follow she as she dart in and out of room scream for joy . she run up the stair , enter the luxuriously large bedroom , check out the oversize bathroom and shriek . she open a door into a dream closet . it 's insanely big . she see she small English self in the large closet mirror . Iris ( to she mirror image ) this be the most brilliant thing that ever happen to you . int . Iris ' cottage —- england - the same time amanda be finish unpack , try to squeeze one more thing into Iris ' teeny tiny little closet . she get it in and slam the door close . now ... what to do with she empty suitcase . she roll it under the bed . amanda okay . now what ? amanda exit the back of the house pull she coat around she to keep warm . it 's get dark she spot a garden bench , dust off the snow . sit on it . the quiet be astounding . amanda I have not screw up every relationship I have be in ! she try to cry again . really give it she all . nothing come . she try again ... wait . nothing . trailer guy voice amanda be lose but she know , in the game of life ... she bolt off of the bench and out of frame . CUT to : the road - as see through a mini cooper' windshield thing be fly by fast and the tree on the side of the road be way too close . a punk band blare from the Radio . 29 . amanda be drive Iris ' electric Blue Mini and have obviously never drive on the leave side of the road before . she pull into : the town whoa ... hard to make the turn from the leave . a few shopper browse past local shop and watch as the Mini fish tail into the street . small child run to they parent . amanda park , get out of the car , grab she chest to catch she breath . amanda ( to kid ) sorry . ( then ) okay , that be hell . she look around ... see the pub , the Post Office , the Book shop , the Butcher and the market . as she head toward the market , she look leave and a car from the right almost hit she . honkkkk !!! she leap out of its way . int . market small , very English . bad Christmas music play in the b.g. amanda push a small cart and drink from a bottle of wine . she load up she cart with fresh baguette , pastry , smoke salmon , local cheese , Christmas pudding . check out stand as a chubby female clerk ring up amanda 's goody . clerk someone 's have a party tonight . amanda ch , yeah . amanda take a swig out of the wine bottle . int . Iris ' cottage - night amanda sit on Iris ' bed , in pajamas and a big sweater and she scarf , eat Christmas pudding and watch the Office on a15 " tv . she pop a pepsid ac in she mouth and wash it down with wine . the Office cut to commercial and amanda 's tv spot come on . " this Christmas , Columbia picture be proud to present ... " amanda watch , mouth the word . then at the end -- twice as big and in red letter -- Christmas day. 30 . amanda and that 's why I make the big buck . later amanda make a fire in the live room fireplace . it 's not so @asy without the little gas knob . a little later , she put on a supreme CD and sing along . " you can not hurry love , no , you just get to wait . " later , hold a glass of wine , she look at Iris ' book , read they title ... there 's so many of they . later still , with a open book on she lap , amanda sit on the couch , look at Charlie , the dog . they seem to be have a stare contest . CUT to : amanda' suitcase be toss on the bed . amanda throw in she clothes . CUT to : a hockney pool splash Iris swim lap in amanda' pool as the sun set on a balmy breezy winter day in Los Angeles . int . media room - a little later ixis , barefoot , in jeans , blouse , damp hair , scan amanda 's wall of dvd .... there 's so many of they . then , she look at a basket full of clicker ... there 's so many of they . she get intimidate and reach for the binder bristol give she . the phone ring . Iris ( into phone ) hello ? ( notice " gate " be lit up on phone ) Gate ? oh , no. disaster . Iris look at the multi-line phone , then thumb frantically though the binder . a audi convertible - wait outside the gate mile ( from page 1 ) be behind the wheel . his girlfriend , maggie sit next to he , talk on she cell . mile be listen to a movie score on CD . 31 . maggie ( into phone ) no , mile be drop I at yoga . shut uppp . who be he with ? maggie turn down the volume on the CD . mile maggie ! this be the best part . maggie hold up she finger as in '' one sec " . mile push the call button again . Iris ' voice ( from the speaker box ) -- I be sorry . hello . I be here . can you hear I ? mile it 's mile . amanda ? iris' voice wo. sorry . amanda 's not here . ( beep } -- oh , fu !! ( buzz ) mile and maggie both look at the speaker box as the gate open . Iris ' voice if you hear that , I be terribly sorry . mile pull into the driveway , get out of the convertible . maggie stay in the car , still on the phone . Iris open the door , see mile . Iris hello ... the afternoon breeze blow she hair as movie music drift out of the car . it 's nostalgic and romantic and color the scene . mile hi. sorry to bother you ... the wind blow even stronger , rustling Iris ' blouse . mile ( cont 'd ) ( look at the tree blow ) Santa anas . 32 tris pardon ? mile the wind ... it 's what make it so warm this time of year . legend have it , when the Santa anas blow , anything can happen . Iris good day to arrive then . mile you just get here ? Iris first time in L.A. mile really ? well , people bad mouth this place all the time but give it a chance . L.A. be highly misunderstand . there 's a lot of magic around here . plus , there be not many place where the night smell like jasmine and the day smell like orange blossom . { the wind blow again ) I be mile , I work for ethan . Iris amanda 's ex-boyfriend ? mile yeah . too bad about that , huh ..? do you know what time amanda will be back ? Iris amanda 's in England ... on holiday . I be stay here for a few week while she 's go . mile oh , that 's a little funky ' cause ethan leave some thing here and ask I to pick they up . be that still cool , or ...? Iris you be he ...? 33. mile well , I be a composer , like ethan but I help he out with whatever ... Iris orefer to the music come out of the car ) do you compose this ? mile no , this be the great ennio morricone , it 's the score from cinema paradiso . Iris oh . I love that movie . I forget how beautiful the music be . they both listen appreciatively when the horn honk . mile turn . maggie be clearly ready to go . tris ( cont 'd ) would it be all right if you come around tomorrow and I '1l check all this out with amanda 's assistant ? mile sure . no problem . thanks . Iris ( extend she hand ) I be Iris . mile mile . Iris right . the Santa anas breeze past they again . as mile get back in the car and pull out the exit Gate , Iris notice the orange tree in the yard . as the wind drift , she smell they blossom . Arthur , ( the older man introduce on page 2 ) slowly walk by the open gate on a walker . support he arm be he frumpy iccking Black nurse . Iris ( cont 'd ) ' even ... Arthur do not look in she direction . Iris notice they head for the house next docr then spot a SMALL package 34 . sit outside the gate . Iris quickly rush to it , grab it just before the gate close . int . kitchen — moment later Iris open the package , a vinyl cooler bag , and inside , find a small calorie conscious zone meal . Iris why would anyone with this kitchen have a meal deliver ? Iris open the Kitchen cupboard . nothing but low carb food , almond , pepcid ac , mylanta . she open the refrigerator . soy milk , one egg , 50 bottle of water , two bottle of pinot grigio . Iris turn back and look at the Zone meal . wide shot - the kitchen — moment later this gorgeous , Viking - ranged , sub -Zeroed , every Williams — sonoma gadget - ever-made-kitchen have nothing in it to actually eat so Iris sit on a stool at the huge island and dine on amanda 's tiny zone meal and a glass of wine . int . amanda' bedroom - later we be close on Iris ' laptop screen . we hear : " you have get mail ! '' with a English accent . Iris ' e-matls be display . her eye scan they and stop when she find what she want . a e-mail from : jasper_bloom@times.co.uk . with she heart beat in great anticipation , she open he up . jasper be e-mail know we must talk . maybe it be good you be on holiday . give we each a chance to deal with current agendas . try hard to be clear to myself this day . know this ... I think of you and smile so deeply that it can no longer be call a smile . maybe scientist will discover new word to describe . sleep well . jas her heart race . her leg melt . how do he dc it ? six thousand mile away and she 's still in the palm of he hand . she brace herself and close the computer . 35 . int . bedroom - moment later Iris climb into amanda 's king size bed , look at the clock . it 's six p.m. tris ( count quickly ) Seven , eight , nine ten , eleven , twelve , one ... two a.m. in London . she yawn , notice a button by the bed , push it and be surprised when black out blind simultaneously lower all around the room , deliver the room into total darkness . as the screen turn black , we hear : Iris ( cont 'd ) he do not love you . forget he . forget he . another clock tell we it 's two a.m. camera pan to amanda , lie wide awake in Iris 's small double bed . she 's not even a little tired . suddenly , a loud knocking on the front door . amanda quickly rise , run into the live room . Charlie bark . amanda ( cautiously ) who be it ? man' voice it 's I . open up , it 's freezing . amanda who be you ? man' voice Iris ... it 's Graham . open the fuck door before I take a fuck leak in you fuck flower pot . amanda quickly open the door and we find the rakishly handsome graham ( from page 2 ) . all twinkly eye and ruffle hair . he 's some exotic and pleasing concoction of helplessness and cockiness . just at the sight of he , amanda be for the first time in she life , speechless -- which mean this man have already change she . graham ( clearly drunk ) you be not iris. 36 . amanda no , I be not . graham oh ... then , sorry for my profanity , I be not expect ... you . amanda i~ I be not expect you either . graham nevertheless ... May I just .... amanda oh , yes , you have to um .... graham ( entering ) yes , I do ... ( pass she , shake she hand ) I be Graham . iris ' brother . amanda amanda Woods . I be ... stay here . graham amandawood ... be that all one word ? amanda ( watch he disappear into the bathroom ) no . no it 's not . the bathroom door shut . amanda catch herself in the mirror . she try to fix she hair a little when Graham be - enter . God , he 's even cuter the second time you see he . graham ( lock around ) so Iris be ... where be she ? amanda she do not tell you ? graham not that I remember . amanda she 's in l.a.. graham that 's not possible . Iris never leave town . 37 amanda ( laugh ) neither do I . she list this cottage on a Home Exchange website . I find it and we switch house ... for two week . for vacation . she 's in my house in L.A. and I be here . graham no .... people actually do that ? amanda apparently . seem here I be ... in my pajamas . graham she do call I a few time this morning but I do not get a chance to get back to she . feel awful now . ( a bit woozy ) do you mind if I sit , I feel I be go to bump in to you . amanda ~- no , no. sure ...sit ... ( Graham sit on the sofa ) you okay ? graham oh , yes , fine . really sorry about the intrusion . obviously , I have no idea about this exchange thing and although I may not appear it , I be actually Iris ' very respectable big brother , however , on the rare , or not so rare occasion that I come into town and get inordinately piss , my sweet sister , put I up so I do not get behind the wheel . pathetic explanation but , unfortunately it 's become a bit of a routine ... ( to dog ) hello Charles . Charlie nuzzle Graham 's leg . graham ( cont 'd ) so how 's it go so far ... this exchange thing ... I mean , up until I show up and ruin you night . amanda actually it 's not go so great . I be leave tomorrow . on a noon plane . graham oh . when do you get here ? amanda uh , three o'clock . today . graham abhh . we make a great impression on you , have we ? amanda it 's not that .... no , it 's just that I be not quite myself right now and I come here on a stupid whim . honestly , I never think about anything less , very unlike I ... and the thing be , I do not know what I be do here ... so E think I should go home ... where I at least know how to drive a car . would you like something to drink ? Glass of water ? tea ? wine maybe ? graham wine would be good . will you have a glass ? amanda -- uh...sure . 38 . amanda cross to the Kitchen , bring over a open bottle and two glass . graaem thank you . I be really sorry but 1 forget you name ? amanda amanda . graham yes . amanda Woods . very good name . it look like you . he make a fist , indicate she appear strong . to he . she sit next she 's not amanda you think I be ... ( she imitate he fist ) really ? graham well , I imagine everybody do , do not they ? amanda yes , but they do not usually spot it this fast . anyway , I do not feel bsoe seve ( make the fist ) whatever . like it matter . graham be you marry ? amanda married ? no , no ... no. I be not . no .... no . graham that make two of we . quite sure where this be head . graham ( cont 'd ) so , be it horrible if I stay ? Z'li be go before you even wake up . I promise you will never lay eye on I again . amanda no , sure , it 's fine . let I just get you a blanket . graham it 's in the cupboard there ... on top of the scrabble . amanda take out the blanket and a extra pillow and hand they to Graham . graham ( cont 'd ) so why be it that you be not guite yourself ? I be sort of curious . amanda oh , why ..? nsit again ) because I ... I just break up with someone ... yesterday and I guess ( more ) 40 amanda ( cont 'd ) what I be feel be that I do not want to be alone over the holiday and I think if I be somewhere else , maybe I would not realize I be alone but then I get here and I have never feel more alone in my life . Big surprise . ( embarrassed ) Bet you be glad you knock on this door ? graham T be actually . amanda yeah . well . sorry and good night . Graham lean over and kiss she . almost routinely . graham sweet dream . she digest this , then : amanda do you think you could ... would you mind ... try that again ? he kiss she again . graham bad ? amanda weird . I mean , kissing a total stranger . graham really ? I do it all the time . she lean in , kiss he . something 's not work . amanda maybe if I shut my eye . she shut she sye and Graham kiss she close eye lid then kiss she on the mouth . amanda 's eye open . amanda ( cont 'd ) you know , um ... give that I be in a bit of a personal crisis and find myself in a total stranger 's home in a town I can not actually remember the name of and consider you show up and you be insanely good ( more ) 4 ) amanda ( cont 'd ) look and really drunk and probably will not remember I anyway , I be think .... we should have sex . if you want . he look at she hard . graham that 's a fantastic proposition . amanda yeah ... but I be serious . graham so be i. amanda and not that it matter , but I have never say anything like that in my life . I have have nearly a bottle of wine myself and it 's just ... the whole know I will never see you again thing be sort of exciting . this be what a vacation be suppose to be , right ? you be suppose to vacate you life . do the unexpected . graham you know this all sound really wonderful until I become the cabana boy . amanda and you be funny . which be a real bonus . graham yes , well , never meet I when I be sober . amanda deal . he pause , think about that , then kiss she . amanda ( cont 'd ) also I should warn you ... I be not very good at this . graham " this " be ? amanda um. sex. 42 . graeam oh that can not be true . amanda I know . I look like I be hot but ... I be apparently net . it 's what I have be tell . graham that 's harsh . amanda I agree . wevertheless , the guy I be live with , mention it once or twice . a girl do not forget a comment like that . not even I . but I mean , how bad could I be ... sex be pretty basic . be I pretty much talk you out of it ? graham strangely , not at all . how do you feel about foreplay ? amanda I think it 's overrate . significantly ... overrate . graham you be quickly become one of the most interesting girl I have ever meet . amanda rise , grab the wine bottle and walk to the stereo , turn it on , then walk backwards , face Graham , lead he into the bedroom . Graham follow she , unbuttone he shirt as he go . graham ( cont 'd ) look at you , you be already better than you think . ext , cottage - morning smoke drift from the fireplace . int . kitchen amanda , now in a robe , be try to figure out the coffee maker when Graham tentatively enter from the bedroom , fully dress . graham sood mern . 43 , amanda ( shyly ) good morning . she continue futzing with the coffee maker . graham can I help you with that ? amanda I should know how to do this ... Graham plug it in . amanda ( cont 'd ) ah , you have the plug they in over here ... Graham laugh . they be quite close tc each other which make they both a little uncomfortable . Graham open a cupbcard , take out a bottle of tylenol . take two . graham Care for one ? amanda I already have four . graham so ... amanda ... I just want to ... amanda yeah , listen ... you do not have to worry about a thing here . okay ? graham ( unsettle ) okay ... amanda I mean it be great meeting you and everything . graham ( seriously ) definitely . ( then ) and , just for the record , you ex - boyfriend be , in my opinion , quite mistaken about you . amanda yeah , well , you be drunk . aa , graham not that drunk . Graham 's cell phone ring . it 's on the table , near amanda . she pick it up . see it say , scphie be call . amanda ( hand it to he ) Sophie ... graham ( embarrassed , turn it off ) I will call she back ... amanda nod , open the cupboard look for the coffee cup Graham open the correct cupboard , hand one to she . amanda you do not want one ? graham I should really be go . amanda sure . graham -- listen , I know you do not want to get involved ... and you be leave today and just so you know , I have rather enormous issue of my own and even if you be stay , I can promise you , you would not for one minute like ... amanda ( stop he ) -~ you do not have to do this . I be damage in this area myself . and anyway , I mean ..- honesty , we hardly know each other . graham well , I would not exactly say that . anyway , I just want to assure you , you be better off . amanda okay . graham no need to go on . right . well , I just want to be sure you be ckay ( more ) 45 graham ( cont 'd ) because I be somewhat emotionally dysfunctional at this point in my life and it seem I tend to hurt woman simply by be myself . amanda I be not go to fall in love with you . I promise . graham okay . nicely put . thank you . amanda I mean , I know myself . I be not sure I even fall in love . not like the way other people do . how 's that for something to admit ? graham well , like I say , most interesting girl Award . amanda . I be go to try to see that as a compliment . graham you should . ( put on he coat and scart ) okay , se , this be refresh . utter honesty . alright then , so you probably will not be hearing from I because even if you want to , which you clearly do not ... I have the classic male problem of no follow through . absolutely never remember to call after a date .... but ... as this be not a date , I guess I be off the hook . amanda exactly . graham ( take a sec ... ) but what if I want to call you ? amanda do not know what to say . graham ( cont 'd ) right . well , if you flight be cancel or you change you mind ... I be meeting some friend in ( more ) 46 . graham ( cont 'd ) the pub in town tonight ... and if not ... then .... well ... you be lovely . she cross to he . amanda so be you . they hug . int . heathrow atrport - later can Christmas music play as camera find amanda at the head of a long line of passengers . she stand across the table from a uniform Guard in latex glove routinely feel around the edge of she open suitcase . she watch as he start to unzip she make up bag . she close her eye and hear and sees the trailer version of she life continue . quick CUT - amanda walking the snowy lane with her suitcase trailer guy voice she be not look for love . quick CUT —- amanda open the door and seeing graham . trailer guy voice ( cont 'd ) but that do not mean it do not find she . quick CUT - amanda & graham kissing against the bedroom wall back to reality amanda realize she suitcase have pass inspection . she move along in line . cur to : a black screen we hear fumble then the buzz of the blind be raised . we be in amanda' bedroom in brentwood . Iris just wake up . as she eye adjust , she see she fantastic surroundings and a huge smile cross she face . she remember she 's happy . she hit a button on the bose cd player on the night table and aerosmith blast through the reom . she begin to dance around while still lie under the cover . her cell phone ring . she lower the Music . Iris ( cheerfully into phone ) hello. 47 . jasper' voice where be I find you ? Iris ( stunne , sober ) jasper ? jasper' voice be it okay that I be call you ? Iris I guess ... how be you ? jasper' voice could we start with a less complicated question ? Iris mlaugh but cautious ) what 's wrong ? jasper' voice how long be you go to be there ? Iris two week . why ? jasper' voice I guess I can wait , but I be have some real problem with this section of my book . I could use some Iris . ( Iris start to deflate ) would it be awful to send you some page ? just tell I if it be . I do not want to mess you up but I know you be the only one who can help I . Iris well , I mean , if you need I ... Iris hit the black out button again and the blind start to lower . as she slowly goe into darkness , they conversation continue . jasper' voice you know you be my little survival kit . ( Iris sigh ) now , honey , I want you to promise I you will have fun today , okay ? 48 . tris ( from total darkness ) okay . I will do my best . int . surrey pub - england - nicht the pub be smoxy , noisy and pack too tight . Graham enter , he face red from the cold , scarf around he neck . his eye scan the place for amanda . she 's not there . he hide he disappointment , then brighten when he find he friend , a couple he age , at a table in the back . he join he friend and order a drink . his friend say something to make he laugh , which he do wistfully . as he take off he scarf , he look up and see amanda through the crowd , sit at the bar , watch he . he break into a smile . CUT to : Pov of brentwood STREET ~ moving - late day from the windshield of amanda 's prius . gps voice turn leave in 50 foot . Iris ( imitate the voice ) thank you very much ... Iris drive , eat potato chip . she turn a corner and pass she elderly neighbor , Arthur , walk alone . he seem dost . Iris drive past he slowly , look at he in she rear view mirror then back up , get out , approach he . she speak to he as if he 's not only old but deaf . Iris ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , but ... may I offer you a lift home ? arthur ( matter of fact ) why ? you know where I live ? tris I believe I do . yes . arthur good , then that make one of we . surprise by he sharpness , Iris open the passenger door , place Arthur 's walker in the backseat then help Arthur in to the front seat . Iris run back to the driver 's side , jump in , start drive . Arthur remove something from he seat . Iris ( take it} oh , sorry . Movie Star map . I be sightseeing all day . do you know antonic banderas , goldie hawn , duetin hoffman and Arnold schwartzenedger all live within a mile of here ? arthur no , I do not . irt I do not know if it 's true , but it 's what the map say . I be stay at the house right next door to you . arthur which one ? the brick monstrosity or the one behind the gate no one can see . Iris I be in the one behind the gate . arthur yeah ? how be it back there ? Iris beautiful actually . this be you , right here , be not it ? Iris pull into Arthur 's driveway . he life in a classic Spanish Hacienda with a neatly groom lawn . arthur have no idea I be so close . Iris you house be quite lovely . look a little like spielberg 's house but ... arthur ~- smaller ? iris ( laugh ) just a little . arthur I have live here 47 year . back then there be only 6 house on this block . every year , they tear ( more ) 50 . arthur ( cont 'd ) another one down ... not that I blame they ... they be not great to begin with but that 's how I get confuse , do not recognize one house . tris that would be confusing . arthur what part of England be you from ? Iris Surrey . arthur cary grant be from Surrey . tris that 's right , he be . how would you know that ? arthur he tell I once . well , I thank you very much young lady ... Arthur can not find the door handle , keep feel for it . tris you be very welcome . let I help you with that . Iris run around to Arthur 's side , open the door , help he out , hand he he walker and escort he up the path toward hie house . arthur well , this be some meet cute . Iris sorry ? arthur it 's how two character meet in a movie . say a man and a woman both need something to sleep in and both go to the same Men 's pajama Department . the man say to the salesman , " I just need bottom '' and the woman say , " I just need a top " . they look at each other and that 's it . that 's the meet cute . this be not quite that cute , but ... Iris so , you be in the film business ? arthur be . yes I be . I be a writer . they have arrive at Arthur 's front door . Arthur take out he key , he hand shake as he try to get it in the keyhole . Iris watch as he repeatedly try to insert the key . arthur ( cont 'd ) I could be here ' till tomorrow . Iris ( snap to ) oh. sorry . let I help you . Iris take the key , open the door and help Arthur in . int . arthur' house fade seventies decor . Iris peek through the room , see a office with lot of book , a cluttere desk , a electric typewriter and sit in front of a window , amongst assort knick - knack -- a dusty oscar . stun , Iris turn she attention back to Arthur who be slowly turn on a lamp . Iris well ... um ... good - bye then . I enjoy we meet cute . arthur I thank you for rescue I . Iris pleasure ... absolutely . nootice a lousy look dinner on a tray ) you know ... I hope you do not find this strange , but I have just arrive in town , do not really know anyone and I be think of go out to dinner tonight ... if you be not busy , would you like to join I ? arthur busy ? honey , I have not be busy since 1978 . int . kate mantellini - night Iris and Arthur sit in a booth by the window , mid-meal . both be drink beer . 52 Iris so that be you first job in Hollywood ? Louis B. mayer 's cffice boy ? that 's amazing . arthur actually , my first job be as a western Union messenger . that 's how I meet mayer . I deliver a telegram to he office at mgm . when I walk in , the girl in the office be all in a tizzy ... they office boy do not show up and the boss be scream . I volunteer for the jcb and the next day I be on the payroll . I be seventeen year old . Iris wow . then how long after that do you become a screenwriter ? arthur well , you gotta remember , there be no such thing as film school back then . you learn by be there . I meet everybody work in mayer 's office -- all the big star , the director ... but the one who impressed I be the writer . they be witty , sophisticated guy with huge intellect ... not to mention , they get all the great woman . so I start write and before long I be in the writer 's building . they give I a lovely office , a desk , a secretary , a big davenport . I never want to leave . Iris so Hollywood really be as great back then as I imagine . arthur it be better ... ( take a good look at she ) you know what I have be ask myself all night ? why would a beautiful girl like you go to a stranger 's house for she Christmas vacation and on top of that , spend she Saturday night with a old cocker like I . that 's gotta be a story . 53 Iris oh , because I just want to get away from the people I see all the time .... well , not all the people . one person ... I want to get away from ...one ...guy .... ome old boyfriend ... whoe just get engage ... ( she eye fill up ) and forget to tell I ... arthur -. so , he 's a schmick . Iris ( laugh , wiping she eye ) as a matter of fact , he be . how do you know ? arthur he let you go . this be not a hard one to figure out . { Iris lock up surprised , she eye still watery ) Iris , in the movie , we have lead lady and we have the best friend . you , I can tell , be a lead lady but for some reason , you be act like the best friend . Iris ( tearful ) I have be in therapy for three year and my dector have never explain anything to I that well . arthur you do not live to be my age , without learn something . Arthur hand Iris he handkerchief . she wipe she eye . arthur ( cont 'd ) so , maybe one day while you be here , I 'il take you for a drive and show you the old Hollywood . the one I know . Iris would you really ? what about now ? bre you too tired ? 54 . arthur I have not be out of the house at this hour in year . now you want to go for a drive ? tris well , only if you want to . Pov of the sunset strip - night - moving billboards for gucci , ipod , skyy vodka . Bright and brash . Iris drive amanda' car at a steady pace . Arthur sit next to she . arthur okay , look up here on the right . that be the trocadero . the swankiest . of the swank . Black tie every night . I first laid eye on my wife right there . it be raining . she be stand under a umbrella in a satin dress the color of champagne . Iris look over at the spot where the trocadero be and see a empty parking lot next to Chin Chin . Arthur do not seem to see the empty lot as he look out at it and smile to himself . drive arthur all right , over here , that be ciro 's . Iris I have hear of that . arthur anyone who be anyone go to ciro 's . they have a terrific orchestra . and great fight brceke eut at ciro 's . every night end with a black eye . it be tremendous . iris look over and see the comedy store where ciro 's use to be . arthur ( cont 'd ) okay , now , this place be own by the great Preston sturge . 55 . Iris look out she window and see miyagi be a large japanese restaurant . arthur ( cont 'd ) it use to be call the player 's Club . he open it in the summer of 1940 and if he feel like close down for the night and just antertain he croney , that 's what he do . to I , this be the hilt . Arthur stare up at the player 's Club and for a split second , sees it as it once be : 1940 's packard and caddy lining the curb and elegantly dress Men and woman enter the front door . tris look over at Arthur . he realize he 's be day dream . arthur ( cont 'd ) I think that 's enough , kid . I be poope . Iris yeah . I too . they drive in silence . the neon bounce off the windshield . arthur on the way home , we will take a little detour . I will show you bogart 's house . Iris great . ext . rolling hill - surrey ~- early morning a early mist drift over the snowy field . int . Iris ' little kitchen this time it 's Graham at the coffee maker . he 's wear last night 's clothes . he hear a loud cl y a " ouch !!! " from the bedroom and then Charlie skid out of the room . then , amanda stumble in , lock ship wreck . she hold onto the docr frame . amanda I have not have that much to drink in ... what be I say ? I have never have that much to drink . 56 . graham yes ... I believe no one ever have . amanda the last thing I remember be come in here last night and -- she spot she bra perch on a lamp shade . she shriek , then look up at Graham . graham T have nothing to do with that . amanda ( embarrassed to death ) but you be here . graham ( smile ) I be . amanda ( point to bedroom ) then I guess we ... ( Graham shake he head " no 's ) we do not ? graham we do not . amanda thank God ... I mean , act '' thank God " but just thank God because I do not remember do it . all I remember be waking up to Charlie lick my toe . graham now that be I actually . amanda it be not ! graham no , it be not . amanda {getting it straight ) be not . graham be not . I be ... kid . obviously not very well . 57 . amanda so now why do not we ...? can you remind I a little ? graham amanda , call I old fashioned but one do not have sex with woman who be unconscious . amanda unconscious . oh . that must have be attractive . why do you stay ? graham because you ask I to . amanda ( remember ) oh , I do . do not I ? oh , man ... graham from the moment I meet you , it 's be a adventure . amanda yes and I be deeply sorry about that . I have nothing to say for myself other than , I must be temporarily nut right now ... it 's the holiday , I be jet lag .. I be obviously still reacting to this break up or meeting you or ... Graham 's cell phone ring . it be on the table close to amanda . she pick it up , read it . amanda ( cont 'd ) olivia . sorry . I do not mean to look . graham I should probably take this one . Graham very warmly say " hello " as he exit out the front door . amanda watch graham through the window , talk on he cell in the front yard . he 's laugh . amanda can not help but feel a little jealous . amanda ( to herself ) olivia . sophie. amanda ... busy guy ... amanda pour herself a cup of coffee as Graham re-enters . 58 . graham I think we should go into town . amanda what do you mean ? graham I think you should get dress , we should take a drive , get some lunch and get to know each other . amanda really ? why ? graham because I be run out of reason why we should not . be not you ? int . range rover -— moving - day Graham drive . the classic winter landscape of the English countryside whizze by ... a distant castle , roll hill . amanda look over at Graham , and unlike ethan , he look back and smile . they eye connect . ext . village STREET - moment later Graham and amanda walk past the local shop . a Young camilla parker - bowle type pass carry grocery . woman ( surprised to see he ) Graham . .i graham {not pause as they pass she ) Cynthia ... Cynthia stop , check amanda out . amanda and Graham pass by the butcher shop . the young female butcrer can be see through the window . both the female Butcher and she older female customer turn to see Graham and amanda pass . Graham nod to they both . the customer reach on she tippy toe to see they better . amanda notice . graham ( cont 'd ) ( explain ) very small village ... another woman , amanda 's age , pass , push a toddler ina stroller . . 59 . young woman ( very friendly ) hey , look who 's ... graham yes , how ' bout that . the toddler crane she neck out of the stroller to watch they . Graham grab amanda 's hand and quicken they pace . at a stoplight , a real knock out sit behind the wheel of she jaguar xk . she glare at Graham . he wave politely . she give he the finger . int . graham' range rover -~ drive - fast they be back on the open road . graham I have a much better place to take you . amanda somewhere maybe a little less crowded ? graham less crowded and also much more less crowded . ext . babington house - day the Range Rover drive down a long country lane , brackete by enormous oak tree . at the end of the lane , a quiet country estate turn country HOTEL . int . babington house restaurant - day amanda and Graham sit across from one another in this idyllic spot . a fire crackle in the fireplace . amanda so ... you be a book editor ? graham yes I be . amanda in London I presume ? graham I commute every day except when I be actually editing , then I work at home . it 's why I live out here , I ( more ) 60 . graham ( cont 'd ) could not live in London any more and get thing do . too many distraction . amanda seem to I there 's no shortage cf distraction out here . graham that 's not entirely true . amanta so what kind of a editor be you ? graham a very mean one . amanda no , what I mean be , do you give massive note or ..? graham well , the better the writer , the less note I have to give . amanda right . and what do you study in schooi ? graham literature . amanda do you always know this waa what you want to do ? graham okay , my palm be start to sweat , I feel like I be on a job interview . amanda I know . I be interrogate you . I be sorry . I have not be on a first date in a long time . graham well , since we have already have sex and sleep together twice , I think we can bend the first date rule . why be you blush ? amanda I do not know . I think you make I nervous . I be go to try to he ( more ) she take 61 amanda ( cont 'd ) myself with you ... never easy , but I be go to try . a deep breath . graham ckay , we be do well . now what be the question ? oh , do I always know I want to be a book editor . the answer be ... yes I do . my family 's in publishing . my father 's a writer of historical fiction and my mother be and be to this day , a very important editor at random House . amanda wow . so you grow up with a busy , important , work Mom . graham yes I do . she 's very formidable . May be the best there be at the job and do not let you forget it . amanda be you parent still together ? graham my parent be not only still together , they be still madiy in love . hideously so . amanda why hideously so ? graham because , honestly , it border on obscene . they be old and they have be spot make out while walk the dog . they call each other ten time a day . they set the bar very high when it come to relationship and commitment which could explain my sister in love with a man who do not even appreciate she and of course , my disastrous romantic life . okay , believe you time 's up . you turn . amanda well , like I say the other night , I own a company that do movie advertising . 62 graham I do not realize you own the company . amanda that 's because I probably do not mention it but now that I know you be raise by such a strong work mother , I can say it and maybe you will not be intimidate by it . graham no , no , I be still a little intimidate by it . amanda well , " a little '' be way ahead of the curve . graham what about you family ? amanda my parent break up when I be 15 . it be , at the very least ... the define event of my life . I be a only child and I just do not see it come . we be very close , we use to call ourselves the Three musketeer and then one night , after dinner , my parent sit I down and tell I they be break up . I think they be kid , then I see a suitcase out of the corner of my eye . in the hallway . my dad move out that night . I think I cry myself to sleep for month . then I realize I have to toughen up so I refuse to let myself cry . sort of have not cry since . I also have not think of that pack suitcase maybe ever . graham you have not cry since you be fifteen ? really ? amanda I know it must mean something awful . I know . and I try but it 's like something just permanently shut off in there . anyway , my dad 's remarry and my Mom 's still ( more ) 63 . amanda ( cont 'd ) single ... of course but she 's very strong . this have have its effect on I . obviously . I be still talk about it 17 year later ... ( rub she chest ) can not we talk about you some more ? graham ( bail she out ) yes. absolutely . okay . well ... 1 ery all the time . amanda you do not . graham yes ido . I cry more than any woman you have ever meet . amanda you do not have to be this nice . graham I happen to be tell the truth . a good book , a great film , the opera ... I more than cry . I weep . I be a major weeper . it 's pathetic , be what it be . stranger have make fun of I ... amanda soften and as music begins we dissolve through to the rest of tee thetr meal , they conversation be lively and warm . dissolve to later and Graham move he seat from across the table to next to amanda on the banquette . later , they walk the snow cover ground ... sit on a snow cover hillside , lean back and kiss , the snow create a blanket underneath they . ext . Iris ' cottage - late day the rangé Rover pull up to the cottage . int . range rover amanda you be right . this be a great idea . ( Graham turn off the car ) you do not have to ... walk I in ... ( he react ) I mean , it 's freezing and ... graham -- you can just say you do not want I to come in . 64 . amanda it 's not that , I be just tired , I think I be gonna take a nap and ... ( see he reaction ) it 's not that . graham okay , I will pretend I believe you . amanda Graham , I be leave in nine day and that make this complicated and I be not sure I can handle complicated right now . Graham nod . she kiss he . he hold back . she kiss he again . graham and that do not make it complicated ? amanda sex make everything complicated . even when you do not have it , the not have it make thing complicated . graham which be why it 's usually better to have it . -- some say . ( she laugh but do not bite ) okay , it 's bloody freezing . he turn the car back on . amanda I know , I be gonna sieep in my coat and possibly my boot ... graham we be back to be awkward with each other . do you see this come ? amanda Graham , you be a book editor from London , I make trailer in L.A. . a long distance relationship would just baffle I but I do find you really attractive and sexy . incredibly attractive and sexy . graham yes , well , say it twice help . well ... I be off to work in the morning . I promise I will not be drunkenly bang on you door any time soon . amanda do it have you number ? graham I be in the directory . amanda great . and you obviously have the number here . so , we will see each other , okay ? we will figure something out . graham good . amanda get out of the car , shiver , make he laugh , then run into the house . Graham sit there , think . hear a doorbell . and a door open - in L.A. and mile be on the other side of it , hold a fed ex package . mile hello . bad timing ? Iris , on the other side of the door . happy to see he . tris no , come on in . hi. mile how 's it go ? tris I be good , I be good . mile this fed ex be lean on the gate. oread it ) from London , England . tris nopen the fed ex ) oh , a friend of mine be write a ( more ) 66 . Iris ( cont 'd ) book and I give he note sometimes . Inside the fed ex be about 20 type page with a note card paper-clipped on the front . insert - the note card - jasper bloom staticnary but the card be blank . Iris turn the card over . also blank . Iris pale a bit then place the package on the table . mile hear voice from the kitchen . mile you have company ? Iris oh. I be have a little Chanukah party . mile what do you ... join a temple since I last see you ? tris my neighbor next door know I do not know anyone here so he want to introduce I to some of he friend ... and ... somehow it turn into a Chanukah thing . come on in . mile ( follow she in ) alright , I be into the dreidel . int . kitchen Arthur and two of he friend , ernie and norman , both around 80 , sit around the table . the man all look sharp . marta , the mexican housekeeper make latke at the cooktop . mile and Iris enter , the boy quiet down . tris this be mile ... mile kendall . Iris mile kendall . Arthur abbott . mile ( floor ) Arthur abbottit what a thrill to ( more ) mile ( cont 'd ) meet you . I do not know you live around here . arthur that 's code for , you do not know I be still alive . mile not true . I absolutely know you be alive , I just do not know you live in the neighborhood . it 's a privilege to meet you . 67 . he heartily shake Arthur 's hand . Arthur notice the way Iris look at mile . arthur you go to join we ? Iris Arthur , no ... he 's just here to pick up a laptop . mile actually I would love to . i= mean if you have enough ... Iris open she mouth but Arthur answer . arthur we have get plenty . sit next to Iris . CUT to : chanukah candle down to almost nothing . a good time be be have mile be enthralled and refilling everyone 's wine all the guy , include mile be smoking cigar . arthur -- do not listen to they , they be nut . mile so you be say you be not a lady man ? arthur never . I marry very young . ernie yes , because he have the great girl in town and he have to marry she to take she off the market . ( more ) by all. glass . mile and 68 . ernie ( cont 'd ) everyone love marion . she be fun , smart as a whip , great laugh ... arthur what would he sey ? she have the great ass ? Iris greatest laugh ! norman although she ass be not so bad either . Iris exchange a laugh . arthur she have real gumption . she be the girl I always write ... Iris be touch by that . ernie what about you mile .. , you be a man about town , I presume . mile no , gent , I sadly , be not .. I be just a one woman at a time kinda guy . I have be dating a beautiful actress for about eight month . I do not know what she see in I but I know I be the luckiest guy in the world to know she . Iris try not to react . I mean , she hardly know the guy Iris oh , she 's a actress . what 's she be in ? anything I would have see ? mile she have not do that much yet . she be a girl in the cafeteria in mean Girls ... a cigarette girl in the aviator ... norman and where be she tonight ? arthur lock - he 's half dead and still interested . 69 . norman he say , ' cigarette girl ' ... I be curious . he 's with we ... where be she ? again Arthur take note of Iris ' interest . mile she 's on location in New Mexico . work on a little indy film . she will be there for about 10 day . arthur well , she loss be we gain . nlook at Iris look at mile ) fellas , I think we should leave this young folk and get back to we bedpan . mile norman , you be call I for pinochle ... norman I get you cell . I '11 be in touch . int . foyer - a little later Iris open the door for mile who hold ethan 's lap top and some tin-foiled leave over . mile totally great night . you know , Arthur abbott be maybe the last of the great Hollywood writer from that generation . there be like famous thing we say ... because he write they . Iris I know . he tell I he friend write casablanca but he add the " kid " to '' here 's look at you , kid . " mile hello ... which totally make the line . Iris absolutely . " here 's look at you , ilsa " ...? mile ( laugh ) not so memorable . Iris he 's so modest . he give I this long list of eld movie I have to see ... none write by he of course . I see a couple today . they be fantastic . mile maybe we can see one together sometime . Iris that would be .great . a warm wind from outside blow toward they . mile okay , s0 ... then , I will call you . ( kisee she on the cheek ) the brisket be great .... love the latke ... great hangin ' with you ... ( kiss she on the cheek again ) sorry , do not mean to kiss you twice . . Iris no problem . mile exit , face more wind . mile crazy weather . _ Iris I know . vol tris feel she cheek where mile kiss she . she closp tu : door , look at jasper' page , lift they up , then oh y she mind and place they back on the table . saad int . amanda '’s large , luxurious bathroom — minute later | Iris run a bath . she lock at amanda 's assortment of Rat producta : anti-stress bath oil , stress relief Sea dat , ' stress less mineral bath , breathe tranquil bubble bath . |! relaxing bath salt and calm body cleanser . tris pts '' little in of each . : 71 . tris thank you amanda . hot steamy water rushing out of a tub faucet a hand turn it off . we be in Iris 's tiny bathroom . night . amanda lie in Iris ' tiny tub . it 's so small , it 's impossible to stretch out in it . it 's quiet . then : amanda I be not sure I can handle complicated !?! God ! I can be such a ass-hole . trailer guy voice amanda Woods ..! amanda shut up ! trailer guy voice she push every guy away , every time . it 's not will she ever change , but do she want to ? Big splash as amanda get out of the tub . ext . country house - night the Mini Cooper pull into the gravel drive of this beautiful , warmly light house and park . amanda step out , wear 4 " heel and a chic coat . she reach into the car for a bottle of wine , a baguette , and some gourmet goody . she head toward the front door , gather she strength . she notice smoke come out of the chimney . knock knock amanda stand at the door . no one answer . she ring the bell , lick she lip , she 's a little nervous . she hear music come from inside . then , suddenly , there he be . graham answer the door , shirt tail out , hair a bit mess . amanda surprise ! graham yes . it be . hi. Graham ease the door close so that nothing can be see 72 . behind he . amanda hi . so , I be heme do nothing and think of you and realize a little complication never hurt anyone and then I think , maybe this be not complicated at all and I think how silly it be that we be each in we house -- alone -- five mile apart and also , I want to apologize .... I really be sorry for not invite you in this afternoon . I do not know what that be about exactly ... ( see he grow increasingly uncomfortable ) -- but whatever it be , I think I should get over it and try to ... ( realize ) you're ... not alone be you ? graham uk , no I be not actually . I be sorry . amanda no , do not be . I should not have just ... oh. man. ( Graham look pain ) seriously . do not worry about this . thie be just I be stupid . with that , the door open up a bit and stand at Graham 's side be a precious five year old little girl . little girl {in a loud whisper ) who be it daddy ? amanda look from the child to Graham . amanda {also in a loud whisper ) daddy ? graham yes , I be daddy . amanda , this be my daughter , Sophie . sophis , this be a friend of mine , amanda . 73 . sophie how do you do ? amanda I be ... fine , thank you . how be you ? sophie very well , thank you . do you want to come in ? with that the door push OPEN even more and a adorable four year old girl , hold a blanket stand next to she sister . little one daddy , who be this ? graham nlift the little one into he arm ) this be amanda . amanda , my youngest , clivia . amanda ( put it together ) Sophie and clivia ... olivia extend she little hand . amanda , stunne , shake it . olivia you hand be cold . amanda sorry , I ama little cold . sophie onudge Graham ) dad ... graham sorry . yes . of course . come in , int . house a big Christmas tree with lot of kid ornament sit in the large , warm live room . a family life here . amanda enter a bit daze by it all . confused and start to feel horrify , she look around for a wife . olivia can we still have hot chocolate , please ? graham yes ... olivia with baby marshmallow ? graham yes. sophie ( whisper ) dad , take she coat . graham yes ... May I ? amanda sure , thanks . ( whisper ) be you marry ? tell I fast . graham no ... amanda take off she coat to reveal a drop dead gorgeous , low - cut , sexy dress . olivia , Sophie and Graham just stare at she . olivia giggle . amanda I know I be a tad overdress . sophie I ilove that dress . it 's gorgeous . olivia you look like my barbie ! amanda oh . thanks . olivia ( notice the wine and goody ) be that for we ? amanda yes , but , sorry about the wine . sophie he will drink it , do not worry . graham yes , the idiot will drink it . 75 . Sophie take the wine and thing from amanda . the Girls dig through the bag to see what she 's bring . graham ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I apologize for not mention this earlier ... amanda you're ... ( spell ) d-i-v-o-r-c-e-d ? amanda sigh . the Girls turn around to see what cause that reaction . graham ( cont 'd ) amanda , be you by any chance at all into hot chocolate ? the Girls look to she . be she ? amanda as a matter of fact , I be totally into it . int . kitchen the Three Girls sit at the table as Graham fix muge of hot chocolate , topping each mug off with tiny marshmallow . he 's very handy in the kitchen , very at ease . the girl artwork hang ail over the cabinet . graham ( as he hand the little one a cup ) qlivia ... it 's hot , blow on it . olivia immediately start to sip it . graham / sophie ( at the same time ) blow on it !! amanda watch how great they be together . Graham then hand a cup to Sophie . graham you too , soph . 76 . sophie she have more marshmallow than I . graham no she do not , you each have five . ( hand a mug to amanda ) you have five too . Graham take a seat . amanda if only I eat carb . sophie what 's that ? amanda hmmm ? sophie carb ? what do that mean ? amanda oh , it 's all the stuff I never eat because I do not want to get ... ( realize how stupid it sound } +.. you know what ? who care ? I be just gonna go for it . amanda take a sip , slurp up a marshmallow and get a chocolate moustache . the Girls laugh . amanda ( cont 'd ) ( realize this ) what ? do I have something on my lip ? {to Graham ) I do not , do I ? she take another sip , purposely make it worse . the Girls crack up . Graham smile , appreciate she humoring the kid . amanda wipe she mouth as olivia climb onto Graham 's lap and as she climb on he , she place she hand on Graham 's face . graham ( unable to see ) comfortable ? olivia ( wobbly hold she hot chocolate ) blow on mine ... 77 . graham do you think there 's a chance you will not spill this on I ? with that olivia tip she hot chocolate and some of it spill on Graham 's pants . graham ( cont 'd ) ahbhh ..... thank you , excelient timing . the Girls laugh . amanda iwas a big spiller when I be a little girl . sophie she 's the worst . olivia continue climb on Graham . graham because she can not sit still . ouch . olivia you be like I ? amanda I be . I think I be the biggest spiller ever . olivia do you spill now ? amanda sometimes . because sometimes you just can not help it . right ? she wobbly bring she cup to she mouth . everyone laugh . olivia dad , do Mr. napkin head . graham no , no , we do not do Mr. napkin head for company . olivia ( bop up and down on Graham 's lap ) do it ! do it ! please ? 78 . graham cuch . Girls , calm down . sophie / olivia please !!! graham o- kay if you settle down , I '1l do it . quickly . olivia grab he and kiss he . graham ( cont 'd ) thank you for that ... olivia you be welcome . now do iti graham amanda , may I have you napkin , please ? amanda hand Graham she cloth napkin and he place it over he head , cover he face . he then take he glass out of he pocket and place they on he eye , but over the napkin . sophie ( giggle ) now smoke . Graham pick up a spoon and hold it like a cigarette , place it in he mouth , but through the napkin and simulate emok . all the girl laugh . he scratch he head , cough , every bit get scream from the kid . he pull off the napkin , a little humiliate . everyone applaud . olivia do it again} grakam be you crazy ? it 's horrible enough that I do it once . amanda laugh . sophie amanda , guess what ? I have dress up clothes in my room . amanda you do ? 79 . olivia so do I . and we have a tent too . do you want to see we tent ? graham Girls , we will not ask amanda to crawl in the tent . olivia ( look hurt ) you do not like tent ? int . the girl bedroom — upstair a large tent make out of blanket have be construct between the girl twin bed . amanda , Graham and the Girls stand in the doorway . amanda this be seriously cool . int . tent the Girls enter with ease . then Graham enter , bent over , then amanda enter , barefoot . sophie ( rush out ) hold on ... we need a extra pillow . olivia lie down . amanda okay ... on the floor be blanket and pillow . Sophie enter with one more pillow , hand it to amanda . it 's obvious the child be enamoure with she . sophie you can use my pillow . amanda thank you . olivia lie down . graham can you please stop be so bossy . olivia lie down please . next to I . bo . the four of they lie down side -by - side inside the tent . the grow up lie together book -end by the girl a small lamp light the inside of the tent , give it a amber glow . on the ceiling of the tent be star and a moon cut out of construction paper . everyone lie there silently for a beat . Sophie burp . graham very nice . sohphie ( giggle ) Excuse I . everyone laugh . amanda ( stare up ) this be a exceptionally great tent . graham ( also stare up ) yeah , it 's get something , do not it ? sophie it 's cozy . amanda yeah ... whe cut out all the beautiful star ? sophie we do . olivia the Three musketeer . amanda react to that . Graham 's hand rest next to amanda 's he almost hold she hand but do not . olivia ( cont 'd ) amanda . .? amanda yes . olivia you smell good . amanda do I ? b81 . livia yes . I love perfume but he will not let I wear it . graham because you already smell good . ( to amanda ) so do you , by the way . amanda but I be older so I guess I be allow . graham exactly . olivia ( turn on she stomach and look at amanda , really up close ) I like you eye shadow . amanda thank you . olivia and you lipstick . amanda oh , thanks , it 's new . olivia what 's it call ? amanda . I think it 's call coral shimmer . olivia place she finger on amanda 's mouth , touch it then place she finger on she own mouth and rub it on . amanda ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) look good on you . Sophie check she out ... olivia smile . olivia you know if you want to sleep over , that would be okay ... we could push we bed together and it can be really fun . a 2 . amanda that 's so sweet of you to invite I but maybe ancther time ... would that be alright ? olivia othink about it ) yes . olivia lie back down , touch amanda 's hand . olivia ( cont 'd ) we never have grow up here that be girl . sophie I know . olivia I really like it . sophie I too . no one say anything as they all continue look up at the construction paper star . int . live room ~ graham' house - a little later amanda wait . Graham come down the stair . graham I can not imagine anyone make a bigger hit with my child . they want to play dress up with you , do you hair , wear you shoe . they be already imitate you léugh . amanda they be great ... graham thank you . Sophie have unfortunately take on the role as my protector . she 's brilliant but I hate when she worry about I and olivia 's gonna be a real ball buster ... which I must admit I love about she . amanda I be just try to figure out why you do not tell I about they . 83 graham ( with difficulty ) because I just do not ever ... tell woman about they . amanda you think I should know you parent make out walk the dog but not know you be a widower with two kid ? graham I be actually think of tell you earlier today , when we be have lunch . amanda and . .? graham why do not I ? right . well , I do not know . something strange seem to happen when woman find out I be a widower with two little girl ... it 's some kind of weird aphrodisiac and it mess I up ... and with you , I really do not want to play the '' poor I " card . amanda but it 's confusing since you be the one who want to go out to lunch to get to know each other ... graham ( painfully explain ) I have no defense except that until I know someone really well , it 's easier for I to be just a normal single guy because it 's way too complicated to be who I really be ... because I be , in fact , anything dut normal . I be a full time dad , I be a work parent , I be a mother and a father , I 'ma guy who read parent book and cookbook before I go to sleep . I spend my weekend buy tutus ... I be learn to sew . I be on some kind of constant overload ... so , I find it help to compartmentalize my life , just until I figure this out . and so far , that 's be alright ... not that I see thet many ( more ) BA . graham ( cont 'd ) woman , contrary to what you may think . this past weekend the girl be with they grandparent and when they be go , I get to pretend I be someone else . someone without hot chocolate spill on they trousers .... I do not know how to date and be this . and there be the possibility that I be petrify of what another person will do to who we be and how we get from one day to the next . I feel I be a guy who can not make a mistake . amanda take that in and wonder if she would qualify as a mistake . amanda so I guess , give we weird thing , I sort of get you not tell I . graham I do not think I could introduce my kid to someone I may never see again . amanda right . I be just someone you have sex with once and sleep with twice . graham actually I think I be just someone you have sex with once and sleep with twice . neither one know who 's right . amanda I think we just go way past complicated . graham well , like you say , I be a book editor from London ... you be a movie trailer maker from l.a . we be world apart . I have a cow in the backyard . amanda you have a cow ? graham yes . I sew and I have a cow . how 's that for hard to relate to ? 85 . amanda pretty up there . graham exactly . which I believe may disqualify I from win bachelor of the month . they both wait for the other to say something to make this better . graham ( cont 'd ) well , anyway .... thank you for be so sweet with the kid . I think it be eye open for all three of we because they be absolutely right . we never do have grow up here that ere girl . amanda I have fun .... graham good . you visit may be the first step in pull my odd little life together . so , really ... thank you . amanda ( not feel so great ) glad I could help . ext . house Graham walk amanda to she car . he 's in he shirt sleeve , she 's in she coat . amanda turn to he : amanda , Graham ... I be glad I come over ... Graham hug she , hold she close , but do not kiss she . the moment be break when from behind the house , they hear a moo . grabram told ya ... they break apart , amanda smile , hesitates , then get in the car . close on a upstair window where Sophie watch amanda drive off . int . graham' live room - moment later Graham pick up some toy , turn out light . 86 . upstair ... he round the corner , pick up olivia 's little sock and shoe then enter he bedroom where Sophie lie in he bed , under the cover . sophie amanda 's not go to sleep over be she ? graham probably not . sophte I be wonder what she would make we for breakfast . I bet it would be good . graham well , she 's just here on vacation . I do not think we 'li get a chance to find out . sophie toc bad . you know why ? graham why ? sophie I think she have potential . graham so do i. int . Iris ' bedroom - night amanda , in she pajamas , dive into the cold bed . she lie there , under the duvet , try to cry . she try really hard nothing come . she give it she all . nothing . she check she watch , reach for she cell , dial , wait , then ... amanda ~- Dr. grinstein . hi , it 's amanda . I be in England . I know I should have call and tell you I be leave but it be all very last minute . I want to tell you , I meet a guy . he 's maybe a great guy . he 's a widower and have two adorable little girl . he 's really '' different '' and well , you know how I can be sometimes . how it 's hard for I to '' expose myself " as you say ... well , with he , I be fight that , yet ... I do not seem to be do any ( more ) 87 . amanda ( cont 'd ) better ... not that any of this actually matter ' cause I mean I can not be what he need and we both know that and anyway , we sort of put the brake on thing tonight but .... you know how I say I never fall for " nice " ... well , he 's maybe the nicest guy I ever meet . he 's so nice , he 's almost maternal . so you be right ... all man be not schmuck . I have to come the another continent to find that out ... anyway , he 's get he own stuff to work out but I do like he ... he 's very real and he 's take sewing lesson ! how sweet be that ? ( beat ) okay , well , hope you get this message . you can try I back on my cell . thanks . ext . amanda' house - another day a bright beautiful day in Southern California . the gardener be clipping the rose . the front dcor open and Iris exit . Iris ( tc gardener ) good morning , Jesus . Morning . the wind blow . Iris Santa anas ... jesus nlook at the tree ) leng time now ... use the clicker , Iris open the gate as marta , the housekeeper enter past she . tris hey , marta . marta buenas dias Iris . Iris reach up and pick a orange off the Orange Tree . Iris see the mail truck at Arthur 's , sccot over to it . ge . Iris {to mailman ) I will take it to he ... Iris knock cn arthur' OPEN door Iris ( cont 'd ) helloooo ... int . arthur' house Arthur be in he office , behind he desk , read the Los Angeles Times with a magnify glass . Iris enter , hold he meil . tris good morning . arthur ( drop the paper ) I count . nine movie be open today . I remember when nine movie would open in a month . half the movie I write would never have have a chance in today 's world . now a picture have to make a kill in the first weekend or they be dead . this be suppose to be conducive to great work ? what if every book have to be read in one weekend or every painting have to be see the day it be hang in the museum ? who know movie would turn into a sport event ? tris have you always be this feisty ? arthur I may have slowed down a little , but yes . you gotta fight the fight , kid . Iris mlaugh } can I open a window in here ? it 's very beautiful outside . arthur I do not think the window open in here . 83 . Iris try to open one . it 's difficult , but she manage to pry it open , then open the next . she lean over Arthur 's oscar ... touch it when he 's not look . arthur ( cont 'd ) I like that mile by the way . Iris yes , he 's very nice . arthur he 's get eye for you ... Iris no he do not . he 's get a gorgeous girlfriend . as he tell you . arthur and the first night she 's out of town who do he go visit ? tris nroll she eye ) he be pick up a laptop . do you want you mall ? arthur I be just say ... a girl ona mission such as yourself may want to pay attention to a thing like that . Iris nlook at Arthur 's mail ) Gas company . phone bill ... you get a letter from the writer 's Guild of America West . Arthur take a look at the wga envelope and toss it in the trash . arthur you watch the movie T recommend ? tris yes . Love they . irene dunne be fantastic . arthur gumption . 90 tris yes ! ton of it . Arthur , you do not want to open that letter you just throw out ? arthur no . they keep write I about the same thing . Iris ( teke it out of the trash ) but it look important . arteur it 's not . they want to do some kind of tribute to I , a evening with I ... I do not know , it sound God awful . tris what. do you inmean ? that sound brilliant . arthur would you like to walk out onto a stage on a walker , look a hundred year old and see eleven shnook who show up to see you ? they can forget it . I mean , its very nice ... one little old lady in the office probably just find out I be still alive and say , 's ew , let 's give he a night 's . but no , I be not fallin ' for this . now , what 's up ? eris i want to know if you want to take a little walk , but now I have a better idea . arthur what ? we should go for a jog ? Iris Arthur , be anything wrong with you ? I mean physically wrong with you ? arteur no , I be just plain old . too old . tris so if you be in better shape , you would do this writer 's Guild night ? arthur honey , at my age , you do not get in better shape . tris ( refer to letter ) May I ? ( open it , skim it ) " a even with Arthur abbott . " Arthur , they want tc do this soon . I bet with a little exercise , you could walk out there on you own and maybe I could go with you ... as you date or something . arthur I would take you proudly , but darling , I be not go . anyway , how would you propose to get I in shape ? seriously . ext . amanda' pool - day Arthur and Iris be walk side by side in the pool . they reach one side . tris alright , we do it ! now back ! Iris turn and keep walk as Arthur slip under the water . int . amanda' home gym - later Arthur be on the recumbent bike . he 's not peddle . Iris now go ! arthur {still not peddle ) it eam . int . amanda' kitchen ~ later Iris and Arthur , in they sweat , be drink orange juice . when Arthur 's not look , Iris move he walker to where he can not reach it . thur finish he juice and unbeknownst to he , walk perfectly to he walker . Iris Nice walk , kid . int . amanda' bedroom — that night Iris sit in front of the laptop . we hear the English " you have get mail " . Iris spot a e-mail from jasper . she hesitates , sit up straight , brace herself , then open it . jasper be e-mail who what where when and I ? Iris be not quite sure how to answer that . fortunately , the phone ring . tris ( into phone ) hello . graham' voice so , be you ever come home ? Iris hi! int . train - moving - london - night Graham sit in a windew seat . on the train go back home after a day 's work . a stack of Christmas present sit next to he . graham how 's it go ? you have fun ? Iris I meet e really nice guy . graham see . and you say you would never ... what 's he like ? Iris he 's really cute , he 's funny , very smart , very successful , I feel good when I be with he which be a entirely new experience and he 's about 85 year old . graham come on ... tris you know I can pick ‘em . he 's my next door neighbor ... or amanda 's next door neighbor ... by the way , have you meet amanda yet ? 93 graham uh , yes , I have actually . tris oh , dear , can you hold ? call wait . be right back . hold on , I really want to talk to you . Iris push the flash button . Iris ( cont 'd ) ( into phone} hello . ext . surrey MAIN STREET - night amanda , on she cell , take Charlie for a walk . amanda {into phone ) Iris , hi , it 's amanda . Iris oh , hi , how be you ? how 's it go ? amanda it 's go great . how 's everything with you ? tris oh , I be loving it . you house be amazing and still in one piece I might add . oh , can you just hold for a sec , my brother be on the other line . amanda Graham ? Iris yes , he say you meet . amanda yes we do meet . how be he ? Iris Fine I think ... can you hold for a sec ? amanda sure . Iris fpushes flash button and talk to graham } ai , sorry , that be amanda . graham how do she sound ? how 's she do ? Iris she just ask I how you be . graham what do you say ? Iris I ask she to hold . can I call you back ? graham I 'il hold while you speak to she . Iris really ? graham find out how she be . Iris okay ... ( push button , now talk to amanda ) my brother want to know how you be ? how be you ? have you be i211 ? amanda no , no , I be fine . can you tell he I be good ... just take Charlie for awelk down main street . what 's he be up to , do he say ? Iris I be not sure . do you want I to ask he ? amanda sure ... Iris okay , hold please . {pushes button , now back to graham ) ( more ) 95 Iris ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you have sex with the woman stay in my house . amanda he tell you thati !! tris oh , God , no ! I be sorry ! I think I be talk to Graham . hold on please . I be terribly sorry . ( push flash button harder ) I can not believe you have sex with amanda !!! she 's be there four day . the woman 's on the rebound , she 's probably totally fragile , the one thing she ask I be , ' be there man in you town ? " and I assure she there be not and you meet she and immediately get in she pants . have you no sensitivity ? amanda still I . Iris ( die ) ; oh , bollock . I guess I lose he . amanda I be so .... ( beep ) can you hold a second , I be so so sorry . ( push flash ) hello ? graham be she still on the other line ? Iris I can not believe you already have sex with she ? I be so embarrassed . graham I can not believe she tell you and why be you embarrassed ? tris no one have to tell I . it 's just that you both ask how each other be so many time that I can only assume you have already have sex and for some reason be not speak . graham do she say we be not speak ? 96 tris no , Graham ... graham good . no , I think we be just not see as much of each other . how much longer be she here or be you there ? when do she leave ? Iris promise I you will not humiliate I . another 8 day I think . be nice to she , Graham . she sound great . she 's get this amazingly beautiful house ... graham really ? amazingly beautiful ? Iris yes . with a media room , a gym , a gorgeous pool , gate . look , I do not want to keep she wait but she want to know what you be up to ? graham ( rise ) dust about to get off the train and go home to the girl . tris okay , I will tell she . everything okay , otherwise ? the girl be good ? graham . they be great . they miss you . I will call you soon , and say hi to amanda for I ... or do not ... whatever you feel be better . no , say it . tris oh God ... graham sorry . I happen to like she ... perplex as that be for I . Iris then you should call she . take it from I ~- woman do not understand the net call thing . we hate it ( more ) 97 Iris ( cont 'd ) more than you 'il ever know . more than hate . graham yes , but I do not think she want I to call . I be pretty sure she do not . Iris ( beep ) Graham , I gotta go . graham what exactly be a media room ? Iris ( roll she eye , beep ) I be sorry . be you still there ? amanda ( drive in the Mini with Charlie next to she ) yes ... I be in you car now ... on my way home . tris you drive into town ? amanda ( feel dumb ) you do not ? Iris ocover ) no , I do ... all the time . yes . well , my brother 's just get off the train from London , on he way home to the kid ..he want I to make sure I say hello ... and I be sorry about what I say before ... I obviously do not realize I be speak to you . and I apologize for my brother if he 's do anything stupid . he 's a good guy down deep ... well not even down deep ... he 's a good guy on every level ... he 's a phenomenal father ... he 's have a rough time this last couple of year . try to forgive he if he 's be a twit . amanda no , he 's be great . I be sure I have be much more of a twit , actually . 98 . amanda be now passing by the Surrey train station and sees graham carry the stack of present and get in he car , distract , she slow down . Iris know he , I doubt that . so , stay well , okay ? amanda I will . definitely . you too . amanda hang up and watch Graham pull away from the station . back in l.a . the phone ring . Iris pick it up . tris yes . hello . mile ' voice it 's mile . Iris oh , mile ! hi. mile 's voice what be you up to ? Iris I be actually just go to blockbuster to get the next movie on Arthur 's list . mile ' voice you want some company ? Iris 's eye go to the e-mail before she -~- who what where when and I ? Iris ( into phone ) Love some , int , blockbuster —- san vicente boulevard - night Iris have put on a little more make up , some perfume , a snug sweater . she walk the aisle look at the video . mile enter carry two Ice elende mochas from coffee bean . mile T bring you the best drink in town , do not know if you like whipped cream so I tell they just a little squirt . you look great by the way . Iris thanks . mile really great . Iris thanks . I be feel good . be work cut with Arthur . mile react . Iris ( cont 'd ) what ? mile no , that must be ... a awesome workout . {tries not to laugh ) I be sorry . I be try not to picture it . Iris okay , the workout 's not that great but the conversation be ... please stop laugh .... the conversation be fantastic ... mile that , I totally believe . as they make they way across the store , mile pause , pick up the body heat video . mile ( cont 'd ) you ever see this ? tris I do not think so . mile great score by John Barry . just coze sex ... ( hum the score , move on the another video ) Love batman ... very pure , very dark , very wagnerian . ( more ) 100 . mile ( cont 'd ) ( hum the score , move down the aisle ) chariot of Fire ... ( hum it ) ... take electronic , synthesize score to a whole new level . ( move on ) one of my top five fav ... Chinatown . Jerry goldsmith ... ( hum it intensely , then ) " forget. it , Jake ... it 's Chinatown . '' killer ... ( move on ) driving miss Daisy . han . very unexpected . remember how great it be ? he hum driving miss Daisy while he pretend to drive . Iris laugh . he 's insanely charming . mile ( cont 'd ) okay ... opick up Forest gump ) great melody .... ohum forrest gump ) sorta perfect . ( spot the Mission ) you gotta check this out sometime , it 's so genius , it like come from a whole other place . ( spot pink panther ) okay , you can sing this one ... it 's the most memorable movie theme ever ... and what 's brilliant be .... it make you laugh whenever you hear it . ( gesture for she to sing ) Iris ( shyly at first ) Da doo , da doo , da deo , da doo da dao da doo da doasee00000 dddddadoo . a Young couple walk by and laugh . mile see. even get a laugh in blockbuster . mile look up and catch something out the window . he sees he girlfriend , maggie who be suppose to be in Santa Fe , walk arm in arm with a very cute , older guy. 101 . mile what ?! 2 Iris leok up and see maggie just as mile take off , exiting the store . Iris stay and watch from inside . through the store window Iris see mile call maggie 's name maggie turn and die at be catch . mile walk to she . Iris see maggie get upset and start to explain then the new boyfriend jcin she and start do the talk . mile look at . maggie hope she will stop the guy but she do not , int . amanda' live room - immediately following mile flop down on the sofa . wipe . mile why do I always fall for the bad girl ? Iris ( hand he a cup of tea ) you do not know she be a bad girl . mile I know she be not good . do you have anything a little stronger ? Iris hand he a vodka with she other hand . mile ( cont 'd ) the question be -- why be I attract to a girl I know be not good ? tris because you be hope you be wrong and every time she do something that tell you she 's no good you ignore it and every time she come through and surprise you , she win you over and you lose that argument with yourself that she 's not for you . mile exactly ! ( Iris nod knowingly ) and on top of that , there 's the old standby ... I can not believe a girl like that would actually be with a guy like I . 102 Iris I think a guy like you be a pretty rare find . mile I be not , believe I . you know what she say tonight ? she say she finish in Santa Fe after two day and have be stay with whatever he name be which mean she 's be right here in town which mean when I speak to she this morning on she cell and she say , I be look out my window and it 's snow , she be in Santa monica ... what do she do ? go to weather.com ? that must have make they both scream with laughter . meanwhile , I send she Christmas gift to Santa Fe yesterday . stood in line at fed ex so she would get it on time . she 's a cheat and a liar and ... I be stick in love with she . Iris hand he the entire vodka bottle . mile ( cont 'd ) T be such a colossal loser . look , I do not want to ruin you Christmas , yeu do not have to listen to this . ( finish off he drink ) Iris tt 's okay . I like the company . mile do you see I talk to she tonight ? tris I do . mile you know , I do not really give she a chance to explain . maybe she be gonna tell I it be all a stupid mistake . maybe I go too nut and now she think she can not call I . Iris it do not look like you go that nut . 163 mile it do not ? you think she know she can call I ? Iris I be sure she do . mile take out he cell , check for message . Iris ( cont 'd ) what about some food ? you hungry at all ? mile you know , this be not the first time this have happen to I . Girls have be dump on I one way or another my entire life which be what make maggie so extra sweet . think I finally hit the jackpot . you would never do a thing like this to a guy , would you ? Iris me? no , I ... I would not actually . no. mile of course not . you be like ... ail about be good . you radiate " good " . Iris which be apparently a really big turn on . mile it should be . Iris yeah .... in fantasyland . look , I be gonna fix we some fetuccini . do that sound gocd ? mile just sit there , daze . Iris ( cont 'd ) I know it 's hard to believe people when they say , I know how you feel , but I actually know how you feel . mile lcok up at she . 104 Iris ( cont 'd ) I be see someone back in London . we work at the same paper , then I find out he be also see this other girl , Sarah , from the circulation department on the 19th floor . a person you would never suspect he would even know or be interested in . turn out he be not in love with I like I think or want to believe ... seem I actually have it all wrong ... and maybe he be she boyfriend all along . anyway , I understand feel as small and as insignificant as humanly possible , and how it can actually ache in place you do not know you have inside you and no matter how many new haircut you get or gym you join or how many glass of chardonnay you drink with you girlfriend , you still go to bed , go over every detail and wonder what you do wrong or how you could have get it so wrong , and how in the hell , you covld think you be that happy . and sometimes you even convince yourself that he will see the light and show up at you door , but after all that , however long '' all that " be ..... you will go someplace new and meet people that make you feel worthwhile again ... and all that fuzzy stuff ... that year of you life ... that will eventually begin to fade . a long beat . mile well fuck ! {hands she he vodka ) you need this more than I do . Iris drink the vodka . mile ( cont 'd ) that 's what you be do here ? you be get sver somebody ? Iris yes . this be I in good shape . 105 . mile be this the guy who send you page from he novel ? Iris ( pour another ) yeah , that 's he . he " need " I ... mile 80 , he stay in touch ... Iris ( drink ) all the time . mile so that make it impossible to forget he . which be great for he but suck for you . Iris see how great you life be compare to mine ? she smile bravely . mile okay . let 's go . I be make you some fetuccini . it 's Christmas Eve and we be go to celebrate be young and be a-live . Iris mile , you really be a incredibly decent man . mile T know . always be my problem . cur to : pasta on a plate and amanda be carry it to the couch in Iris ' house , where she snuggle under a blanket , in front of the fire , deep intc a book . a small tinseled Christmas tree sit in the corner . Charlie lie on the couch and put he head on amanda 's stomach . amanda take a dog biscuit out of she pocket and routinely feed it to he . 106 . ext . boardwalk - venice -— sunset Iris and Arthur walk slowly side by side , chat up a storm . Iris carry Arthur 's walker . int . amanda' media room - night alone in the dark , Iris smile as she watch the spirite carole lombard in nothing Sacred . ext . english countryside ~ day Rolling Hills as far as you can see . amanda walk along the read , carry she grocery . she 's on she cell and we hear she say , " what 's go on at the office ? '' int , train - moving - night Graham be on the train , work on a manuscript . a woman pass who from the back look like amanda . Graham lose he concentration . int . neiman marcus - beverly hill - day Arthur be have a new suit fitte . Iris watch , then mile step in with direction for the tailor . int . lenscrafter — day Arthur sit in front of the mirror in he too big glass from the eighty . mile hand he a pair from the 21st century . he try they on and Iris whistle . int . mile ' house ~ hollywood hill - night mile sit at he keyboard . Iris enter with two mug of tea . mile okay , here it be ... Arthur 's theme song . we give he a CD with this tune and every time he hear it , it give he the confidence that he can walk out there . ready ? mile play the Indiana Jones theme . mile ( cont 'd ) just kid . alright , here we go ... a little Arthur in the night . and mile play a fantastic theme ... nostalgic yet spirite . 107 . Iris it sound like he . mile ( finish it , then ) I also write one that sound like you . Iris you do ? she sit next to he on the piano bench . mile Iris ... if you be a melody . I use only the good note ... mile play a tender , romantic melody . Iris be touch . mile ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) and Iris life next door to .... ( play Arthur 's theme ) Iris laugh , clearly fall for the guy . int . village cafe - surrey - day amanda sit against a banquette read the Herald tribune and drink a cappuccino . she look up and find olivia , Graham 's four year old , stand before she , red cheek , in she hat , coat and mitten . amanda brighten at the sight of she . amanda olivia ..! hi. olivia ( shyly ) hi. amanda how be you ? how have you be ? olivia I have a stomach ache on Christmas but I be all better now . amanda awww ... that 's too bad but I be happy you be all better . amanda look up and see Graham and Sophie entering . Sophie run to amanda as Graham hang back . 108 . olivia I think you go back to America . amanda no , I be still here ... ( look up to the approach graham} ~-- for one more day . graham hey ... amanda ( thrilled to see he ) hi. t's great to -- graham ( equally thrilled ) -- yeah , you too . hostess ( approach Graham ) table for three ? graham yes . please . hostess this one ckay ? she show they to the table directly next to amanda . graham sure . they all laugh as Graham take the banquette seat alongside amanda . the girl sit across from Graham in chair . they all sit awkwardly , give they proximity . graham ( cont 'd ) ( to amanda ) how be you ? amanda would you like to ... join I ? the Girls get excited . graham sure . thanks . amanda scoot over and Graham sit next to she . the Girls sit across from they . graham ( cont ’d ) what should we have ... what be you have ? amanda just a cappaccino ... graham could not interest you in lunch ? amanda yes , you could ... graham great . Graham share he menu with amanda . she look at the closeness of she be powerful . she say something when : waitress ( interrupt they moment . ) you ready ? graham yes . um ... Girls ? Chicken stew ? sophie I want what amanda 's have . amanda Chicken stew . sophie ( to waitress ) Chicken stew please . they all laugh . graham make that four ... olivia I want one . graham yes , you be one of the four . livia oh. sophie you know what we get for Christmas ? 109 . he , behind start to 110 . amanda what ? sophie nail polish like yours . she show amanda she paint finger . graham very expensive gift ... the Girls tell amanda all about they gift . Graham and amanda listen as they Girls go on and on . dissolve to : later in the meal amanda be now do the talk and the Girls be crack up . olivia spill she drink . amanda clean it up without miss a beat , still talk . Graham watch , then laugh as amanda finish she story . later still amanda be taking a photo of the Girls with she phone . the Girls get close together and smile . then Sophie ask for the phone and she make Graham and amanda get close together . we see through the phone and Graham and amanda be not even in the photo . Graham raise the phone and suddenly they appear and smile . ext . riverbank — later amanda , Graham and the Girls watch a boat go down the river . it 's freezing . Graham open he overcoat and pull Sophie inside . amanda bend down and take off she scarf and wrap it around olivia . olivia hug amanda around the neck . ext . riverbank road Graham place the girl in they car seat then walk to amanda who lean against the Mini . graham we be go to my parent for dinner . can I call you when I get they in bed ? amanda sure . Graham kiss she on the cheek , get behind the wheel and drive off . amanda wave to the Girls . int . Iris ' house — early evening amanda be pack , outside , it 's snow . Charlie bark at the window . amanda pack a bit more then go to the live rcom , look out the window , do not see anything . she open the front door and Graham be stand there . he grab she and kiss she . amanda where be the girl ? graham sleep at my parent . amanda rush he with a kiss , he fall backwards . she grab he , take he in the house and shut the door on we . int . bedroom - a bit later Post coital . lying side by side . catch they breath . graham so you be totally great . fuck ! amanda yeah , this be a bitch . graham well , you must come to London all the time for work , right ? amanda London ? never . graham New York ? amanda not really . but that 's easier . do you go there often ? graham no. rarely actually . ( then ) Long distance relationship can work you know . amanda really ? I can not make one work when I live in the same house with someone . 112 graham so , this could be a good solution for you . amanda Graham , I can not see you leave the girl ... L.A. 's halfway around the world ... every time you would see I you will be go for week . can you see yourself do that very often ? graham not often ... but you be you own boss ... you can travel . amanda I be my own boss because I do not really trust anyone else . if I be not there , I nil have no business . amanda ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's say we try this . we just commit to do it . we each go back and forth and we do this for like six month . graham yes . that 's do -able . amanda and then let 's say .... we hit a wall . like ... I can not constantly get on a plane or the girl can not deai with you leave again . we start to feel the tension and we know this be not go to work ... so we start fight ' cause we do not know what else to do ... then , after a long , tearful ... at you end ..- phone call ... we say goodbye . and it be not like we be ever go to bump into each other . so , that will be it . for real . it will be ...over . then what 's leave ? two people feel totally mashed up and hurt . a long awful moment . amanda ( cont 'd ) oy ... 113 graham thank God . amanda ~- maybe we should realize that what we have have this past few week be perfect and maybe it will not get any better than this ... and maybe you like I be really only because you know it can not work . and maybe I can fantasize about how perfect you be because I can not ever really be with you ... and maybe inaybe ... maybe we be try to figure this out because it make we feel good to feel this way ... ' Cause we both know , if you live in L.A. , we would take month to get to this point so maybe the fact that I be leave in eight hour make this far more exciting than it might really be . maybe . graham you be seriously the most depress girl I ever meet . I have another scenario for you . amanda good. orub she chest which be beginning to hurt ) graham I be in love with you . do she hear he right ? graham ( cont 'd ) I apologize for the blunt delivery ... but as problematical as this fact may be ... I be in love . with you . and I be not feel this because you be leave . and not because it make I feel good to feel this way , which , by the way it do , or do , before you go off like that . I can not figure out the math of this thing , I just know I love you . ij can not believe how many time I be say it ... and I realize I come with a package deal , three for the price of one ... and my package perhaps in the light of ( more ) 114 . graham ( cont 'd ) day , may not be so wonderful or one anyone even want a part of other than I ...but ...1 I know what I want ... which be in itself a miracle and what I want be you . ( she turn to he , he wait ... ) and you speechless at this moment be not exactly the reaction one dream of . amanda I be not expect " I love you " . hold on . I be try to find the right thing to say . graham I think if the scbvious response do not immediately come to you ... then ... well ... we can just ... we should just talk about something else . like possibly what a complete ass I be . amanda 's chest tighten and hurt . graham ( cont 'd ) as I recall , you do promise I you would not fall in love with I . amanda sh-sh ... graham I guess I just be not listen . amanda ( move toward he ) I never meet a guy who talk as much as I ... you say so much more ... but could you just , for now ... be quiet . please . she kiss he deep and hard . int . SMALL japanese restaurant - L.A. - day it 's lunch time and this smail West side restaurant be pack . mile and Iris be eat at the Sushi bar . they be deep in conversation and they bedy language suggest they have become close . mile I do not know how I have never see the Lady Eve before ... Iris stanwyck be dazzle . so sure of herself . mile and sexy . tris really sexy . every movie he 's tell I to watch have a powerhouse woman in it . mile you ever think maybe he 's try to tell you something . mile cell phone ring . Iris I do not , but now that you mention it ... mile be not listen anymore . he 's stare at he cell . Iris ( cont 'd ) ~- what 's the matter . who be it ? mile nstare at the phone ) maggie . that stop Iris cold . mile ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello . hi ... I be do okay . you do not sound so ... he cover he free ear , so he can hear . Iris try not to listen , but can not help it . mile get flushed as he listen to maggie 's end of the conversation . Iris start to sink . mile ( cont 'd ) maggie ... I be tie up for a bit ... ( Iris be relieved then mile check he watch ) well , what time could you be there ? alright , I 'il meet you there as sooh as I can . he hang up , look at Iris , stunne . Iris wait . mile ( cont 'd ) she miss I . 116 . Iris ( ever the good girl ) ses . she come to she sense . mile put down he chopstick , lose in think . Iris ( cont 'd ) we should get we check . mile no , take you time . I can wait ' till you be do . you love the spicy tuna here ... mile steal a glance at he watch , look for the waitress . Iris I be fine . and if you need to go I can get this . mile lean over , quickly kiss Iris on the lip . mile you be the best . Iris ha . mile get up , take off . Iris sit alone , swallow hard . look around , anyone watch ? mile ( return , talk ) no , that 's not right . we be eat . I be not go to leave you here alone . he sit back down but so do not want toe be there . Iris mile , go .... I will see you at the writer 's Guild tonight . I mean , if you can make it still . mile I gotta get all the way to beachwood but I be gonna try to be there . anyway , I be bring the music . I mean , I want to be there . I just do not know how long this be gonna take . I be sorry . Iris it 's all good . do not worry . 117 . mile rise , kiss she on the head , exit . tris fumble for she wallet , drop a bunch of change , pick it all up , call for the waitress . sit alone . close - jasper' page Iris pick they up and carry they up the stair . int . bedroom Iris fall onto the bed , look outside , the tree be blow hard . she push the button to close the blind and the room fall into darkness . she turn on the night table lamp , begin read . the phone ring . Iris ( into phone , hopeful ) hello . ( sit up ) jasper ? I be just read you page . I have not forget , I have be busy , that 's all . how be you ? ( laugh ) gee you sound far away . ( he 's get to she } that 's not true ... stop ... I mean to answer you . you send I ... what kind of surprise ? no , T do not think I get it ... ( a little confuse ) alright . i'11 look . int . foyer Iris rush down the stair , hold she cell . tris ( into phone ) I do not see a box or anything . check the kitchen now ... ( enter kitchen ) not in here ... okay , hold on , I be gonna go check the gate . when do you send it ? Iris open the front door and stand there , right before she , be jasper , in the flesh . he hold a small gift . jasper I find you Christmas gift . 118 Iris ofloor ) you have show up at my door ! jasper yes , I have . Iris throw she arm around jasper , hugging he almost too hard . he kiss she . she hold back . Iris why be ... what be you do here ? jasper I be just go to ask you that . how long have you be go ? Iris just two week . jasper feel like forever . can I come in ? Iris yes , of course . oh my God . jasper some house ... Iris really ... what be you do here ? I be in shock . jasper my publisher want I to " take some meeting " ... Iris -- but you hate l.a.. jasper not if you be here . Iris ntry to digest this ) how 's ... Sarah ? jasper shoot she a look . almost a reprimand . jasper she 's fine . tris I never do get a chance to talk to you about that ... you engagement . I be surprised you never mention it . jasper I do not know myself until the day before . do we have to talk about it right now ? Iris no ...but ... jasper — _ what about something to drink ? int . kitchen Iris open a bottle of wine . jasper ( cont 'd ) this place suit you . Iris ( laugh ) yeah , right . jasper really ... you look different to I here . Iris dee not answer . jasper ( cont 'd ) Iris , look at I ... ( she look up at he ) I come here because I have to see you . have to . Iris jasper , I do not understand this . I mean , I be right there .. for three year . remember ? Square peg ... round hole . jasper what ? tris that 's what you say to I once . that we be not really right for each other . we be a square peg and a round hole ... 120 . jasper I do not remember that . I just know I do not like when you be go . I also never check my e-mail more , it be drive I crazy that I be not hearing from you . she can not believe this . he sound like she . he take she in he arm . jasper ( cont 'd ) I do not want to lose you . he kiss she . tris lose I ? this be too confusing ... jasper ( pull she to he ) I know . c'mere ... int . mile house - same time maggie pace , in tear . mile listen . it 's get dark outside . maggie : I screw up . do not you ever screw up mile ? no , you probably never have . I make a mistake . tit be stupid and impulsive ... he be older and ... mile look outside and see the olive tree bend and stretch in the wind . mile begins to hear Iris ' melody in he head . it fill the soundtrack . maggie ( cont 'd ) -- I wish you would just say something . I mean , how many way do I have to say it ? he be not what I think and I start think about you and hope you would forgive I ... mile look at she . she stop right before he , look very beautiful and vulnerable and open . maggie ( cont 'd ) will you mile ? will you forgive I ? Iris ' melody fade . int . Iris ' bedroom - england - 3 a.m. Graham be asleep . amanda be awake ... think about the day they be lie in the snow , kissing and laugh . she turn to Graham , he eye open . she smile faintly , apologetically . int . amanda' live room ~ L.A. — same time it 's dark outside and only a small light be on in the room . Iris and jasper lie on the sofa , entwine . Iris gaze up at he . jasper this look in you eye . this be what I be always look for . Iris I have always look at you like this . jasper no you have not . he kiss she and then slide he hand down she pants , under she panty and over she backside . jasper ( cont 'd ) obhhh ... I remember this ass . he pull she to he ... by way of she ass . she blink . Iris ummm ... jasper what 's wrong ? tris can you remove you hand from my bottom . .. please ? ( he do not ) please . ( he slip it out , she untangle ) you know what ? ( laugh at herself ) I never think I would say this , literally ~ never - but I think you be absolutely right about we . ( he look confuse ) very square peg ... very round hole . jasper you can not mean that . 122. tris the great thing be ... ( break into a smile ) I actually do . and I be about three year late in tell you this but nevertheless , some thing need to be say . jasper -- you do not treat I right . you break my heart and you act like somehow it be my fault ... my misunderstanding ... I be too in love with you to ever be mad at you so I just punish myself ... but , chbhh , I remember this ass somehow newly entitle I to say -- it 's over . this twisted toxic thing between we be finally finish . and you really can not just waltz in here , on my great Christmas holiday and tell I I be suddenly look at you the way you want I to . like T have just improve and qualified to be with you . I be miraculously do be you girl Friday . I get a life to lead , buddy ... and I do not think you be in it ... now , I be terribly sorry , but I have get to be somewhere really important and you have get to get the hell out . and anyway , do you think Sarah would appreciate we do this ? she 's a nice person . she deserve better . jasper honey , you have change . Iris I know , I think what I have get be something slightly resembling gumption . a town car sit in arthur' driveway Iris , in a dress and heel , scoot around the town car and knock on Arthur 's door . without hesitation , the door open . Arthur be stand there , ready to go , speech in hand . he wear he new suit , new glass . he pause when he see how lovely Iris look . arthur Iris , you be a knock out . 123 Iris thank you . and may I say , so be you ? arthur do I do my tie okay ? I have not wear one in so long . Iris ( fix it a little ) it 's perfect . arthur I like this Hugo boss . he cut a nice suit . I get you something . Arthur reach inside and bring out a box with a wrist corsage in it . Iris can not believe it . arthur ( cont 'd ) forgive I , last time I have a date , this be what we do . Iris ( slip it on ) it 's beautiful . arthur if it 's too corny or if it 's gonna ruin you outfit ... you do not have to wear it . Iris I like corny . I be look for corny in my life . arthur Nice line . Iris it 's all that movie ... arthur ( smile , then ) ckay , let 's do it . let 's get this embarrassment over with . int . town car - moving - night Arthur and Iris sit side by side . arthur do not feel bad for I if only a couple of dozen people be there . ( more ) 124 . arthur ( cont 'd ) I '' not exactly quentin tarantino . I do not even think people appreciate the old film anymore for the write . it 's the director they remember . plus it 's the holiday ... people be away ... Iris Arthur , you gotta shut up . the car slow down . Iris ( cont 'd ) this it ? arthur ( to Driver ) stay here . we will be out real fast . int . wga - lobby Iris help Arthur through the fairly empty lobby . a Young Film Student type approach Arthur . young man Mr. abbott ? arthur yes , sir . young man we be all ready for you . two attendant OPEN double door as Arthur take Iris ' arm and they head : into the auditorium as they enter , a pack room rise to it 's foot . a few hundred people , of all age , applaud as Arthur walk the center aisle toward the stage . Light bulb flash . Arthur tighten he grip on Iris . she place she hand on he . he reach the bottom of the stage . another attendant wait to help he up a small set of stair . the room quiet . Arthur let go of Iris . she smile at he as he new escort take he arm . Iris take a seat in the front row , a empty seat next to she . then , out of the loudspeaker , we hear arthur' theme music . upon hearing it , Arthur let go of the attendant 's arm and climb the stair alone to a round swell of applause . 125 . mile , a little out of breath , slip into the seat next to Iris , wear a coat and tie . mile the man be a rock star . irt ( stunne ) hi ... arthur ( fxom the podium ) thank you . I be absolutely overwhelm ... ( then ) -- that I could climb that stair . laughter from the audience . arthur ( cont 'd ) thank you very much for come tonight . I be honore . I come to Hollywood over sixty year ago and immediately fall in love with motion picture . and it 's a love affair that 's last a lifetime . when I first arrive there be no cineplex or multiplex . no such thing as a blockbuster . I be here b.c. . before cable , before dvd , before conglomerate own the studio , before picture have special effect team and definitely before box office result be report on the nightly news . to make a good picture , all we need be a girector , a producer , actor and a writer with a story to tell . we vocabulary be a simple one . emotion , dream , tear and laughter . angle - Iris and mile they eye on the stage . Iris he 's fantastic . mile lcok at Iris as she watch arthur. eye touch he . the warmth in she they both himself . ext . Iris 126 mile Iris . Iris ( turn to he ) yes ? mile what be you do New Year 's Eve ? Iris I will be back home New Year 's Eve . mile do you know , I have never be to England . never be to Europe . Iris no ? mile if I come over there , would you go out with I New Year 's Eve ? Iris nsmile at he ) I would love to . yeturn they eye to the stage , mile neds to Nice ! ' house - england - morning a mercede wait for amanda . she exit the house in she shearling coat , red scarf , just like she arrive . Graham stand in the doorway . amanda okay , we be not gonna make this a bigger deal than it already be . graham no we be not . amanda it 's not like we be never go to speak or e-mail ...or ... grabam no set rule . amanda none . so , I be just go to kiss you , for the millionth time and ( more ) 127 . amanda ( cont 'd ) say .... be see you . ( she kiss he ) be see you . graham nmove she hair out of she eye ) take care of yourself . amanda walk to the car , wave , get in and the car take off . Graham watch the car drive slowly away from the cottage . int . car - moving away from the house the Driver who drop amanda here two week ago be behind the wheel . driver have a good holiday , miss ? amanda yeah .... great . maybe the best ever . suddenly very hot , amanda pull she scarf off . she look out the car window . Children pass by , laugh on a sled . whoa . she 's really hot . she unbutton she coat a little . clear she throat , check she plane ticket , passport , phone . all set . then , she click open she phone , look at the photo of herself with Graham . close the phone . she rest she head on the seat ... do not feel quite right . what 's go on ? she 's a little out of breath . without know , without try , with no effort whatsoever , she eye begin to well up . amanda sit straight up , stunne . be it go to happen ? then , one small tiny little tear make its way out of she eye and roll down she cheek . trailer guy voice amanda Woods ! welcome back ! amanda scream . she try to make herself cry , just to get it all out . but all she can make be one more tear . she 's thrilled . amanda turn around ! ' urn around and go back ! pleasei !! driver forget something ? amanda yes ! 128 . ext . country road the car turn around and take off back toward the cottage . int . car amanda be so excited , she 's about to leap out of the move car . amanda can you go any faster ? driver this little lane be always tricky ... gonna take a bit ... amanda that 's okay ... amanda open the car door , rush out and run , a happy , expectant leok on she face . she get to the cottage , open the little gate , rush up the stair , open the door . amanda ( cont 'd ) Graham ? she do not see he at first . amanda ( cont 'd ) Graham ? Graham , back in the bedroom , step into view . he wipe away tear . amanda say nothing . Graham wait . amanda ( cont 'd ) ( from the live room ) iwas just think . why would I leave before New Year 's Eve ? that make no sense at ail . raham sigh quite loudly . wipe he eye on he shirt sleeve . amanda ( cont 'd ) I mean you do not exactly ask I out but you do say you love I so I be think I have get a date ... if you will have I . graham I have get the girl New Year 's Eve . amanda sound perfect ! 129 . Graham smile and as amanda rush to he , we : dissolve to : ext . graham' house ~ all lit up - night - new year eve int . graham' live room - music over olivia , in a party dress and carry a noise maker , run through the room . she be follow by she aunt Iris , also in a party dress . Iris dance a bit as she carry two glass of champagne . she deliver one glass to mile who be sit on the sofa , deep in conversation with Sophie . he smile when he see Iris . amanda dance in with a tray of hor d'oeuvre . she stop in front of Graham who twirl she . amanda then dance over to Iris who take a hor d'oeuvre and the two woman connect . amanda whisper something to Iris and Iris laugh . Graham join they and put he arm around he sister . Iris rest she head on he shoulder . feel like the making of a great party . camera pull back and away , out the window and eventually we fade to Black .