the surfer king written by Bernard Murray Jr 5/25/04 page 1 of 81 the surfer king 1 ext . early morning . - customer service kiosk 1 jaffa , a jamaican look fellow in he early 20' , arrive at Water World , carry a dusty cardboard box . there be a few worker milling about , set up the park for open . he pass eddie , a 25 - something grounds worker with down 's syndrome . jaffa Eddie ! eddie ( smile , nodd ) jaffa . they do a hand slap maneuver that they have obviously work out some time in the past . jaffa proceed up to the customer Relations kiosk , plop the box on the counter , and enter the kiosk . we see he open the box , it be full of CD 's . he pull winter cover off of a overhead area to reveal a CD player and amplifier . he start push button he 's push a thousand time , and light come on . he pull down a microphone , and click a button to see if it work . he reach into the box of CD and pull one out . we see it be sheryl crow . he get the CD , examine it , and pop it into the CD player . he once again pick the microphone and flip the switch as he push the " play " button on the CD player . his voice echoe through the park . " soak up the Sun " begin play . jaffa ( smile ) lady and gentlemen , Water World will be open in ( check he watch ) twenty - six hour and forty - three minute . gfx - open credit begin 2 ext early morning - thunder BAY 2 big mike , the park 's owner / manager - a 50 - something man who be portly and bald , and richard thompson , head lifeguard and another guard be on the east side of Thunder Bay . there be a post with a box on top of it that have a winter cover on it . the guard be stand there with a garden hose page 2 of 81 hold it so the water go into Thunder Bay . he be obviously tired , and have be stand there a long time . we look back at the massive size of the pool and get the joke . big mike and richard pull off the winter cover . the guard turn to look and the hose turn with he , get big mike wet . they object and he turn back to fill Thunder Bay . richard move the guard to a safe distance . big mike blow the dust off of the box at the top of the post , and we see it be a large push button . big mike look at richard who nod " go ahead " and then push the button . they both draw back as if something big should happen , but nothing . they look at each other and big mike motion for richard to go over to the wall housing the wave tank for the pool . richard wave ok , and big mike push the button again . when nothing happen , richard whacks the side of the tank with he close fist . suddenly a huge wave roll out . nodding he approval , big mike check off a item in he clipboard . 3 ext . early morning . - day surf up area 3 we see people work to open the park . the vail precision lawn chair drill team dress in Water World uniform be set and arrange chair in time to the music . they perform precision maneuver with the chair , as if rifle , and cross each other in a time march to the music . 4 ext . early morning . - day fun house area 4 big mike be stand under the fun House structure with a clipboard . he be talk to richard . after talk to big mike , richard shake he head affirmatively and walk off . he glance up to the two guard above , and grin . big mike be look at he clipboard . we see quickly the large water tank above be spilling water a bit , indicate it be full . the water tank spill over big mike drench he . he stand there still , angry for a moment , then think better of it shaking he head and smile , take he pen and check ok on he wet clipboard for the fun house water tank . 5 ext . early morning . - day first aid shack near funhouse 5 two guard be look down at big mike below . one guard begin motion as if guide a crane into place . the other guard have he hand poise on a large switch lever . guard one be gesture more emphatically now , close he hand to indicate " almost there " . he close he hand , and guard two pull the lever . page 3 of 81 6 ext . later that morning - day 2001 vw bug 6 we be on the road to Water World in Federal Heights , Colorado . robbie zirpollo be riding with he mother connie zirpollo . robbie ( sardonically ) yeah . this be great . I love this plan . drag I kick and scream from my happy home in California to some weird place in Colorado , and say hey , this will be fun Robbie . maybe we can go camp .... connie look , I know you be not happy about this . but it be not my idea for you father to have some kind of mid-life crisis and disappear with he secretary to Mexico with we life savings . robbie " administrative Assistant . " there 's no such thing as a secretary anymore . connie Fine . administrative Assistant . we could not afford to sit around wait any longer to see if he be come back . I be able to land a good job here . and now thanks to uncle bernie you have this job at the Water Park ... robbie ( shaking he head ) Grounds crew . what kind of job be that ? it sound like the guy who clean out the coffee pot . connie bernie say you help keep the park clean , sweep up , that sort of thing . I be sure it will not be so bad . besides , a lot of the kid who work at this park go to the same high school you will be go to . you can start the school year with some ready - make friend . robbie I have friend in oceanside . I have something to do for the summer . they pass the main Water World sign . hanging below it be a banner that say open tomorrow !. connie hanging out at the beach surfing with you friend be not my idea of something page 4 of 81 to do . this way you will make some money and meet people here . you would best get use to it . this be where we live now . we be stay . robbie all thanks to dad and he secretary . connie administrative Assistant . robbie whatever . some summer .... they have arrive at the front gate of Water World , kid be in a line lead to a check - in canopy kiosk that have a sign say employee check in . connie promise I you will give it a try .... please ? robbie ( give in to the inevitable ) I will . I promise . see you later he shut the car door and walk over to the end of the line . 7 ext . early morning . - day front gate of water world 7 there be about 40 - 50 teenager in various default street clothes , short and tee mostly . Robbie take he place in line behind a older , taller boy , alex , who seem to know almost everyone , and have make it he personal mission to greet they . alex ( back still to robbie ) ... and so she say I will have the filet and the lobster " . I have to borrow twenty buck from fitzgerald just to get out of the restaurant . two guy in front of Alex be laugh now . further down the line however , another voice pop up . doug ( wave to alex ) by the way . where be that twenty buck ? alex ( avoid ) ohhh , hey dougie . I will catch up with you later ... ( turn around to robbie as not to continue the conversation ) hey , how you doin ' ? have not see you before . page 5 of 81 alex look in he wallet , as do we . it be empty . robbie ( nodd ) I be Robbie . Robbie Zirpollo . alex I be Alex . where you workin' ? robbie I believe it 's with the Grounds Crew ? alex what 's the matter , can not swim ? robbie ( surprised ) I can swim . why ? alex well , you look old enough to be a guard . robbie almost 16 . I get my license in September . alex it 's just that most of the guy on grounds be a little young than you . most guy you age that can swim be guard . robbie well , I just move here . I guess I miss guard tryout . you be a guard then ? alex oh , no no no . I work concession ... at aokee 's surf and snack shack . it 's just as well . the guard be mostly stick up anyway . the rest of we be the one who know how to have fun . robbie can not swim , huh ? alex ( smile ) nope . robbie ( listen to speaker on post above ) what be that ? alex ( mimick he perception of surfer ) surf tune , dude ! page 6 of 81 ( back to he own voice ) you will get use to it . you will get to where you miss it . I have to buy two CD 's just to get through the winter . they be now at the front of the line . a teenage girl melissa be sit at the table with papers and a clipboard . alex ( cont 'd ) ( gesture ) ahh . and here we have the fair Melissa , time clerk extraordinaire ... melissa ( shaking she head no ) oh , Alex . be I go to have to put up with you crap for another entire summer ? alex ( look upward toward the sky ) dear Melissa . there 's nothing about we relationship that could not be fix by we spend a few moment together in the pumphouse behind Thunder Bay . melissa yeah , well from what I hear , it would be a brief few moment . robbie ( wince ) ouch . alex ( not miss a beat ) my dear , you cut I to the quick . check off my name and that of my amigo here , Mr. Robbie Zirpollo . melissa ( hand they card ) fill out this emergency card , and turn they in when you pick up you uniform .... ( point ) over there . and Alex ? alex ( to robbie ) she want I . ( turn back to melissa ) yeeee ? melissa ( finger point ) this year , let 's clock in only we own time card , shall we ? alex page 7 of 81 ( head shaking , to robbie , walk together ) some people have no sense of humor . 8 ext . morning - moment later - outside uniform build 8 robbie and alex walk up to yet another line of about 4 or 5 teens . at the front a teenage girl and a teenage guy be behind a counter and hand out uniform base on a clipboard list . as robbie and alex reach the back of the line , tiffany , a blond beauty and two other girl brush past they to the front of the line . robbie ( take aback , breathe in through he nose ) whoa .... who be that ? alex ( unimpress , put he hand on robbie 's shoulder as if to hold he back , like a horse that be rile up ) eeeaasy there , big fella . not in you lifetime . ( wistfully , glance over ) or mine . robbie so who be she ? alex miss Tiffany maxwell , daughter of Big Mike maxwell , owner and operator of this here fine water park . we see tiffany and she two friend be quickly give they uniform by the attendant , as they ignore the kid who have wait in line . alex ( cont 'd ) see , princess Tiffany and she friend pretty much have the run of the park . her boyfriend be Dan Peterson , a guy we all call cowboy , one of the lifeguard . pretty decent guy from what I can tell . but she 's a piece of work . you best strategy be to steer clear of she and she will not cause you any trouble . robbie cowboy , huh . Big guy ? alex big. guy . robbie ( take in a deep breath ) page 8 of 81 hmm . they be now at the front of the line . male uniform guy hey Alex . ( call back to female uniform person ) aokee 's . large. ( to robbie ) male uniform guy ( cont 'd ) name ? female uniform person have bring a blue Hawaiian shirt on a hanger . robbie Rob Zirpollo . uh , Robert Zirpollo male uniform guy ( look on clipboard ) Grounds ? ( look at female uniform person ) male uniform guy ( cont 'd ) ( and female uniform person , together , ominously ) Grounds . she disappear to the back . robbie ( to alex ) so what be this grounds thing , anyway ? alex let 's just say .... you be critical and indispensable to the ongoing operation ... and .... flow of thing here at the park . ( he and male uniform guy exchange a know glance ) female uniform person here you go , tiger . one grounds . medium . you have a pair of green short at home ? robbie shake he head " no " . female uniform person ( cont 'd ) buy some . tonight . wear they tomorrow along with this shirt . you need to report to the area just south of surf 's up. look for a guy wear Army pants and glass . alex I will show he . I be go in that page 9 of 81 direction . ( to robbie with feign excitement ) you get to meet the Colonel ! they walk off . as they walk off we can hear alex in the distance ... alex ( cont 'd ) ( march ) left. Left . Left right leave . 9 ext . morning - moment later - aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 9 aokee 's be a restaurant near Thunder Bay . it seat about 50 and be lavishly decorate in a Hawaiian surf and Ocean motif , with surf memorabilia , fish net , surfboard , and the like . aokee be a large 375 pound plus apparently Hawaiian man , late twenty , early thirty , wear a purple Hawaiian shirt , blue short and a white chef 's apron that say kiss the cook . we see he on a pay phone behind the counter . aokee ( to person on the line ) David ... how you do this to I ? I have full staff with you . I save you spot . I be count on you . ( listen , nod ) yes , yes .... but the gap ? what you think you do there ? be there girl in swim suit ? have you forget ? ( listen , shaking head ) tip . do you get tip ? Cash money ? ( listen some more ) alex walk up . aokee wave to he . he be obviously upset . aokee ( cont 'd ) ( resign ) well , come see we this summer , eh ? you be a good kid ... a good worker . yeah , you too . aokee hang up the phone . alex who ....? aokee David . seem to think there be future in retail . now what I do ? I be one person short . Park open tomorrow . aokee bury he head in he hand on the counter . alex ( think ) you know ... I just meet a guy that 's old page 10 of 81 enough to work here , but he 's stick in grounds . aokee ( perk up ) good guy ? alex seem like we kind of people . aokee think for a moment . he glance up towards surf 's up . it hit both he and alex at the same time ... aokee we need to get he before he get he plunger ! they take off run . 10 ext . morning - moment later - trail from aokeet to surf 's10 up aokee and alex be run together . they get about 50 foot before aokee , large man that he be , run out of breath . alex , like a boxer in training , sort of run in place , keep loose , ready for aokee to catch he wind . off they go again , get another 50 foot , and the same thing happen . aokee ( out of breath ) Alex ...... ( wheeze ) .. you get to go ahead ... ( wheeze ) ... stall ' till I get there . alex ( nodd , run in place ) ok . alex take off , and aokee run again .... 11 ext . morning - moment later - surf' up wave pool south 11 we see several roll trash can line up in a row , along with several janitorial cart fill with clean utensil and supplies . the colonel be stand , dress in army fatigue pants and a Water World golf shirt , with a green Water World baseball cap . he be wear black horn -rim glass , thick lense , and carry a clipboard . line up as if a army unit be ten grounds kid , include robbie , who be sixth furthest from the colonel . they be all young than robbie except one , eddie , whom we meet at the beginning of the film . eddie be stand tall and straight , proud to be there . he be nearest the colonel page 11 of 81 the colonel ( look up from clipboard ) well , it look like we have a good staff here . yes ... yes a good staff . it will be a excellent summer . remember as we go through training today , we park be judge by the work we do . if we do it well , the people come back . ( walk up and down the line ) we have a little tradition here on the grounds crew . Rather than have to learn a lot of name , many of which I can never hope to pronounce properly , each grounds crew member get a grounds crew nickname . you will be know by that nickname in every way except , of course , you paycheck and employee record . the colonel look over he paperwork . the colonel ( cont 'd ) let 's see , what do we have ? hmm ... yes . ok , first up be Eddie cochran . you grounds crew nickname will be ..... Eddie ! eddie smile knowingly . this have be he grounds crew nickname for the last 8 year , mostly because he would never answer to anything else , and the colonel give up try . the colonel ( cont 'd ) now crewmember , listen up . Eddie here have eight year experience on the grounds crew . why , I would like to think there be not anything , any situation that Eddie have not face . listen to he . learn from he . watch what he do . this man be the finest , most conscientious grounds crewman we have ever have . eddie be beam with pride now . the colonel pull a brand new toilet plunger from the cart nearby and hand it to eddie . eddie shoulder it as if it be a rifle . the colonel walk down the line . the colonel ( cont 'd ) let 's see ... Clark ? hmmm . you grounds crew nickname will be .... sparky . it be all robbie can do not to laugh . the colonel go on to the next kid , skeeter who be tall , skinny and goofy - look . skeeter be eye be face forward , but something catch they . his eye follow a unseen object as we begin to hear a small mosquito . finally he eye follow it until he look , cross eye at he own nose . the colonel have take note of this and be follow it too . skeeter can take no more , and brushes it off he nose as he make a face . page 12 of 81 skeeter sorry , sir . mosquito . the colonel hmmm ..... you grounds crew nickname will be ..... skeeter . the colonel step over the cart and get another new plunger and hand it to skeeter who follow eddie 's lead . next in line be a short , chubby lad , snitch . as the colonel approach he , a quick sound of pass gas be hear . the colonel be startle , and snitch make a quick finger motion indicate the culprit be skeeter , next to he . the colonel ( cont 'd ) ( look at the clipboard ) Bradley , be it ? ok , Mr. Bradley ..... you grounds crew nickname will be snitch . snitch show he dismay with a frown . the colonel have run out of new plunger already and be force to move to one of last year 's leftover , which look somewhat depress . he get one and give it to snitch , who look at it , make a face , and decide not to shoulder it . robbie be so depressed he look like he 's about to pass out . his worst fear have be realize . his summer be pass before he eye . there 's only one more person , a young 14 year - old girl , to go before robbie . the colonel address she . the colonel ( cont 'd ) melinda tally . hmmm ... you grounds crew nickname will be ... ( think ) suddenly alex burst onto the scene , and even he , at this point , be somewhat out of breath . alex hello , Colonel ! the colonel ( think , stare ) Alex , be not it ? alex yes sir , Colonel . and what a fine staff you have assemble this year . have you tell they yet about you army background ? the colonel well , no , I do not think it be .. alex page 13 of 81 ( interrupt , to the grounds kid ) the Colonel here be very modest . do you know that he reorganize the entire process of clean and sanitize a army barrack and its latrine ? the colonel well , it really be not much of a ... alex ( interrupt again ) be not much ? ( again , to grounds kid ) can you just imagine for a moment the germ and bacteria we american soldier could pick up in a unsanitise army latrine ? it 's impossible to determine just how many life have be save thanks to the effort of this one humble Army Colonel . the colonel well , I suppose when you put it that way ... alex ( to the grounds kid ) I , too , come up through the rank when at age 14 , I begin my service here at Water World learn from this great man . the colonel yes .... I remember now ..... what be you grounds nickname ...? alex not even sure I remember it myself , sir . but I remember much more . do you tell they about the film ? the colonel Film ? alex ( to the colonel ) " hygiene make you happy " ( to the grounds kid ) every enlist man in the army have see it . some by choice . all from the mind of the Colonel here ... the colonel ( to himself ) I never forget a grounds nickname .... aokee have finally make it now , but be , of course , out of breath again . the colonel ( cont 'd ) page 14 of 81 ( concerned ) aokee , good God , man ... be you ok ? aokee gesture he be fine , and do a combination of charade and Hawaiian pantomime before he finally speak . aokee Colonel .... terrible mistake ... alex get behind aokee , decide he need some help , feed he word . alex ( quietly behind aokee ) bureaucratic bumble ... aokee bureaucratic bumble .... alex lose paperwork .... aokee lose paperwork .... alex a error in the front office ... aokee error in front office .... alex spice applesauce .... aokee spice ... aokee stop , turn and glare at alex , who merely smile and shrug . the colonel good God , man , what be you try to say ? alex come around from behind aokee . alex it 's Robbie sir . he be suppose to work at aokee 's and through some crazy mix - up , he end up here . the colonel ( look at clipboard ) Zirpollo ? well this be highly irregular ... he be flipping though the papers , confuse . alex ( can not pass this up ) page 15 of 81 most annoying .... the colonel most annoying .... alex never happen before .... the colonel never happen before .... alex spaghetti marinara ... the colonel spa .... what ? ( exasperate ) well , if he be suppose to be assign to you , we will just have to let he go ... robbie have catch on and be quick to step out of line , and pick up he shirt to be ready to go . robbie ( to the colonel ) I be confuse myself , sir . I have hear I be work for some Hawaiian guy . aokee ( reassure ) I promise , we go straight to personnel , straighten the whole thing out . you will not need to worry . the colonel very well . we will just have to make - do . the colonel go back to the girl melinda he be about to nickname before the interruption , but be stare after alex , aokee and robbie as they walk off . he look at melinda . he look back at alex &amp ; company . it hit he . the colonel ( cont 'd ) ( remember ) snafu . melinda Sir ? the colonel his grounds crew nickname . I remember it now . snafu . 12 ext - day - hill area above thunder BAY 12 the entire staff of Water World be assemble for a pre open pep talk from owner big mike maxwell . he wear a Water World golf shirt , short and a crew-style marine hat . stand next to he be richard thompson , head lifeguard . the worker be sit on the hill . page 16 of 81 aokee , the colonel and other " management " type be stand off to the side . tiffany and she friend be sit up front . alex and robbie be sit together towards the back , and robbie 's grounds t-shirt be no longer in he hand , but have be replace by a fold aokeet blue Hawaiian shirt . there be a lot of noise from everyone talk . big mike ( motion to get everyone to settle down ) okay , everybody , let 's quiet down for a minute . ( they do , and he look down at he clipboard ) for that who do not know I , my name be Michael maxwell , and I ... sort of run thing around here . a chant start up , with affection ... everyone together Big Mike ! Big Mike ! Big Mike ! big mike smile , this have happen before , probably a tradition . big mike ( again motion to settle down ) okay , yeah thanks . now , I want go over a few basic thing . first of all , make sure you have all fill out you paperwork with personnel , cause nobody get pay unless they do . come to think of it , I suppose it 's better for I that you do not fill out you paperwork , then I do not have to pay you . I will make it optional . if you want to get pay , fill out you paperwork . ( look at clipboard ) let 's remember , the people who come here be we guest , and you job be to see they have a safe and fun experience here . let 's work together to keep the park clean and safe , and we will have a great summer together . now with a few word be we head lifeguard , Richard Thompson . another cheer start up , smaller this time , which alex start . smaller group Big Dick ! Big Dick Big Dick ! richard ( wince some , but not page 17 of 81 surprised , motion to settle down ) yeah , yeah , very funny , we be all very amused . okay , many of you have be in training for some time , and some of you still have a way to go ... we see a quick shot of some geeky young guard wear water wing , sharky goggle and noseplug and look less than confident ... richard ( cont 'd ) ( glance at the water wing group wistfully , almost to himself ) ... a long way to go ... he look down at he clipboard . richard ( cont 'd ) ... but I would like to take a moment to speak , mostly to the guard , but certainly everyone have a role in this . we can take everything we have learn and distill it down to two simple rule . rule number one : he pause , thoughtful for a moment , but building into a near rage for effect to impress on everyone ... richard ( cont 'd ) ( loudly , emphatically , angry at the think that anybody might ... ) do not drow ! he stop , compose himself . richard ( cont 'd ) ( almost quietly ) rule number two : again , thoughtful but building to a rage at the think that this could happen ... richard ( cont 'd ) ( loudly , emphatically ) do not let anyone else drow ! he stop again , and regains he composure . richard ( cont 'd ) ( almost quietly to the stunne crowd ) thank you . have a great summer ! there be stunne silence for a moment . they be not sure how to react . alex page 18 of 81 ( break the silence ) alright ! whoo whoo ! alex , then everyone begin applaud . robbie look at alex quizzically , alex just shrug . the meeting break up . 13 int - morning - the next day - aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 13 everyone be hurry around , get ready for open day . robbie , wear he new blue Hawaiian shirt , be cut pineapple . aokee be busy hover over everyone , and cooking chicken on the grill . alex walk in . alex ( to robbie ) hey , hey lookin ' good . Blue be you color . beat that stupid t-shirt , huh ? aokee ( unhappy , stress ) Alex ! you be late . come on , be open day ! robbie finish the pineapple and hand the tray to aokee , almost spilling it . aokee ( cont 'd ) ( to robbie and alex ) you two start set table . alex take a pile of silverware wrap in napkin , and point to robbie to grab a box of sugar packet to refill the dispenser . robbie grab it quickly , enthusiastically , but lose he grip and spill the packet on the floor . at that moment , audrey a girl in she teens who work at aokeet and be stack plastic cup on the counter , accidentally knock a stack of cup to the ground . ramon , a teenage boy who work there be behind the counter . he bend over , disappear , and we hear a crash of pot and pan . his head peer up from below the counter sheepishly . aokee turn from the grill look at all this , and have a worried look , but smile and shrug weakly . aokee ( cont 'd ) ( to alex , gesture ) Alex . come here a minute . alex come up close next to he at the grill so they can talk . aokee ( cont 'd ) ( with intensity ) Alex , look . we fall apart . I make you assistant manager this year . go assistant manage . alex page 19 of 81 ( agree ) no problem . alex pop a CD out of the rack above the sound system , and put it in the CD player , stop the standard pastoral Hawaiian music that have be play . he turn up the volume some on the amp , and go over to sarah , a teenage girl work there , and grab she grass skirt by the velcro , remove it with a velcro rip . alex ( cont 'd ) sorry , Sarah , but I need to borrow this . sarah ( surprised ) hey ! how do you know I wear short under that ? alex ( mock surprise , roll he eye ) oh , puh-leeaase . alex walk back out to the dining area , everyone be still work . alex ( cont 'd ) ( to all ) lady and gentlemen , may I have you attention , please ? everyone stop and look at alex . alex ( cont 'd ) in exactly 30 minute , hundred of drip wet customer with fistful of money smell of chlorine and suntan lotion will be walk in here . and what will they be look for ? ( as if direct a choir ) everyone together ( except robbie , who do not know any better ) the best teriyaki east of the pacific !!! alex annnnnnd ? everyone together ( again except robbie , who do not know any better ) the finest smoothies in the state !!! alex now , everyone 's a little tense , except I , of course . so to help you get in the proper frame of mind and relax , we need page 20 of 81 the right soundtrack . ( to aokee ) maestro ? aokee hit the play button on the CD player . alex ( cont 'd ) this be little tune I like to call the paradise slide . ( mouth with the song as it start ) one , two , a one two three . the music start and alex , now wear sarah 's grass skirt , launch into he version of the electric slide , Hawaiian style . everyone else get the beat and begin work to the music . aokee be use he spatulas as drum stick on the overhange kitchen tool . ramon have invert a empty pot and be beat it conga-drum style . robbie have pick up the sugar packet and alex be dance and quickly ( almost casually ) toss silverware / napkin roll to robbie as robbie catch they ( at first with some difficulty ) and put they on the table . sarah have re-stack the cup , and be juggling salt &amp ; pepper shaker , place they on the table . audrey chop onion to the beat . everyone together ( on the chorus ) Don Ho , Don Ho , Don ho. Don Ho , Don Ho , Don Ho . aokee have now take all the chicken off the grill and come out from behind the counter , dance . the other form a conga line behind he . everyone together ( cont 'd ) ( on the chorus ) Don Ho , Don Ho , Don ho. Don Ho , Don Ho , Don ho. as they go by the table they put on any miss item . they get into it more and more , aokee especially , swinging he huge , 375 pound guy hip . everyone together ( cont 'd ) ( on the chorus ) Don Ho , Don Ho , Don ho. Don Ho , Don Ho , Don ho. as the song end ( abruptly ) , aokee bump a surfboard ( part of the restaurant 's decoration ) with he hip , knock it and another one to the ground . page 21 of 81 there be a loud crash and everyone pause and look at aokee , wait to see if he get mad . aokee look down at he hip , and make a puppy - dog face like " I do not know my hip be that big .... " everyone clap , laugh . aokee take a bow . 14 int - later that day - aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 14 robbie and alex be carry bus tub load with dirty dish back toward the kitchen from the dining area . aokee be sip on a smoothie and lean back on a counter . there be only a few customer in the eat area . they set the tub down on a counter that pass to the back area . a unseen person take they into the dishwash area . aokee ( to alex and robbie ) you do good work today . here . I make you some of my special power smoothy . more customer later want dinner before park close . I can not have you fall asleep on I . aokee ( cont 'd ) ( to alex ) Alex , we be completely out of table stretcher and left-handed coffee pot . take Robbie and go find some . I think some at the first - aid station near surf 's up pool . alex ( nodd knowingly ) right . see you in a little while . they walk off carry they smoothies . 15 ext - moment later - thunder BAY concession area 15 robbie and alex be walk past Thunder Bay concession area toward the wave carry and drink they smoothies . robbie so that be a typical lunch crowd ? alex well , it 's early in the season yet . we will get busier . robbie ( incredulous ) busier ? alex ( laugh ) do not worry . you will get use to it . and tip be good , right ? page 22 of 81 robbie there 's nothing like cash money in you pocket . what 's that over there ? they be come up on the wave area . alex oh , you will find this ride interesting . 16 ext - moment later - day - the wave area 16 the walk up to the wave attraction , where kid be surfing in a high - water pressure river / sheet of water . surf music play loudly here , and kid be do all kind of trick . some rider be good , some be not , and fall quickly . we also see skeeter and snitch , the tall skinny and short chubby grounds kid we meet earlier . they be clean up around the exit area of the wave . alex ( as a rider fall ) it 's a lot harder than it look . robbie I can not imagine it 's that difficult . ( to himself ) ... no rudder on the board ... alex now this be a place of many wonder . see that guy in line over there ? we see some guy that look a little stone with unusual hair laugh and talk to each other . alex ( cont 'd ) we call they " Wave bum " . they all have season pass , and do little more than ride the wave all day long . some of they get pretty good . Alex point up to a fence , behind which some smoke appear to be drift up . alex ( cont 'd ) that 's where they hang out when they be not riding the wave . do not get too close to they . robbie no ? alex ( sniff ) contact high . robbie nod , understanding . alex point back to the wave . page 23 of 81 alex ( cont 'd ) and there , my friend , be another one of the Wave 's feature . we see a pretty girl in line to ride . alex ( cont 'd ) we call they " Wave babe " . and there 's a special secret to this ride . with that alex walk over to bob , a guy in he late teens , wear a Security golf shirt . he be stand and look off in a different direction . alex ( cont 'd ) hey , bob....can I borrow you radio a minute ? bob sure . he hand he the radio , and alex be back with robbie . alex ( into radio ) hey Frank , it 's Alex . alex wave and frank , the guard watch the wave wave back . frank vo ( hear through the radio ) yo , Alex . alex ( into radio ) listen you have a possible code 4 . ( to robbie ) means a " hottie " . alex ( cont 'd ) ( to radio ) she 's up next . a free chicken sandwich and a smoothie if you bounce up the pressure a bit . frank vo ( hear through radio ) you get it bud . but two smoothies . " volcanos " . alex ( to robbie ) he know my weak spot . ( to radio ) two volcanos and a chicken sandwich . frank vo ( hear through radio ) time to go to ludicrous speed ! page 24 of 81 we see frank push forward on a handle next to he that seem to resemble the throttle on a speedboat . the ambient noise from the wave be noticeably higher . the wave babe jump into the water with the board . skeeter and snitch be still clean near the exit . alex ( to robbie , still hold the radio ) watch , and wait .... they look intently at the wave babe , who be pretty good , even with the increase water flow . but , after a few deat move , she fall . alex look , and see what he be look for . robbie smile . alex ( cont 'd ) yess ! we look back at the wave babe , but the water be obscure we view . we then see a medium shot of skeeter and snitch . the wave babe walk past they carry a board , but we do not see below she waist , the board obscure we view . snitch see , and freeze , dumbstruck . skeeter be look down at the grate where the wave water drain . he reach down and pull something out , and turn to the wave babe walk away . skeeter ( unaffected ) Excuse I ... miss ? ( louder ) hello ... excuse I ...? finally she turn . we see she , but just a flash of she from the back , as the board cover she waist area . she be puzzle by this grounds kid . skeeter ( cont 'd ) ( hold up the bottom to she swimsuit ) be this yours ? she look down behind the board and react . she bite she lower lip , wince and nod yes . skeeter hand she she swimsuit , and she look around and back away towards a towel hang from the fence nearby . snitch be still freeze , stunne by what he 's just see , mouth wide open . skeeter wave he hand in front of snitch 's face . no reaction . he 's never see a naked girl before . we be back to alex and robbie . robbie ( look at alex ) you be right . I be interested in page 25 of 81 this . alex well , sometime bring you swimsuit . we will come back on break . I will show you how to do it . surf 's be this way . and keep a eye out for Frank over there . we owe he . robbie nod in agreement , and they walk off . 17 ext moment later - day - near surf' up pool 17 robbie and alex be walk past the surf' up wave pool . alex ( point ) the first Aid station be over there . just ask the guard . I just want to say hello to this girl I know . robbie ok . robbie walk over to the first Aid Station . doug fitzgerald , the guy we hear in line on the first day be there , he 's a guard . robbie ( cont 'd ) hey . I have be send to find some table stretcher and left-handed coffee pot . doug oh , you must be the new guy at aokee 's . robbie yeah , how would you know ? doug lucky guess . saw some at the top of River country . just ask one of the guard over there . robbie thanks . doug and hey ... tell that wienie Alex he still owe I twenty buck ! robbie ( look back and wave as he walk away ) get it . 18 ext - moment later - customer service kiosk 18 alex and robbie be walk to river country and walk past jaffa in the customer service kiosk . page 26 of 81 jaffa ( call out ) Alex ! they turn and walk over . alex jama ... I mean ... jaffa the jamaican ... what shake , it mon ? jaffa jus ' the same old this 's and that 's , mon . alex jaffa , meet Robbie Zirpollo . ( to robbie ) jaffa play the tune and talk the talk . the phone ring , and jaffa turn to answer . jaffa ( into phone ) what ? no way . ( hang up phone , to alex &amp ; robbie ) check it out ... jaffa smile and pick up a radio . jaffa ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) attention lose River guard . we have a report that some huge fat bald guy have abandon he swimsuit and be slidin ' down lose River with nothin ' on but a smile . be watchin ' for a great white whale now . 19 ext - day - top of lost river ride 19 we see two female life guard , both with a surprised look on they face . one have just reach into the water and pick it up to display a huge pair of swim trunk . both girl make a eeeew face . 20 ext - day - customer service kiosk 20 jaffa ( on PA system now , into mike ) attention please . will Mr. John Big bootay report to lose River splashdown . John big-bootay to lose River splashdown . alex ( to robbie ) he 's call for security . alex wander off a moment , look at something go on in the distance . page 27 of 81 robbie ( to jaffa ) wow. Jamaica . I think I be far from home . jaffa ( drop the accent a bit ) I will let you in on a little secret . perception be everything ...now , jamal from aurora , he 's probably over with that guy ... we see skeeter and snitch walk into the men' room , look suspiciously around . jaffa ( cont 'd ) ( back to the accent ) ... clean the rest room . but jaffa from Jamaica , he 's in customer service , wearin ' the nice shirt and play the music . perception and atmosphere . you get it ? robbie smile and nod , and wave goodbye to catch up with alex . 21 int - moment later - in men' changing / rest room 21 snitch be fill up a water balloon , while skeeter be tie a piece of fishing line to the hook on the inside of the stall door . skeeter climb up on top of the stall . snitch be tie off the water balloon and grab the other end of the fishing line , and tie it to the fill end of the balloon . he shut the stall door , toss the balloon up to skeeter , who place it strategically on the beam above the toilet . skeeter then jump down , and they head for the door . Eddie enter . we see eddie cautiously check out the restroom . he reach up over the close stall door and feel gingerly the fishing line . he smile and shake he head , and head for the door . 22 ext - moment later - approaching men' changing / rest room 22 eddie be now push he cart and make he way toward the men 's restroom . he stop to talk to two concession girl and show they a magic trick that apparently involve a deck of card , which he pull from a place on he cart . we see he hold the card so one girl can pick one . 23 ext - moment later - in front of men' changing / rest room 23 skeeter pop he head out and look around . he see Eddie in the distance about 5 minute away , and put a plastic liner in a trash can . he nod and disappear into the men' room . skeeter and snitch appear at the door , look out , and see eddie finish he card trick . he present a card for the page 28 of 81 girl to see , and the both nod encouragingly , but as they walk off , they look at each other and shrug . skeeter and snitch take off , barely contain they laughter . but eddie notice they leave . all of this have happen under the watchful though distant eye of alex . eddie go into the restroom . eddie exit the restroom and go to he cart . at this point alex and robbie walk up to he . alex hey Eddie . what have you get ? eddie Water balloon . eddie reach onto he cart and pull out a pair of scissors , eyeing they . alex you get this ? eddie yeah . rookies ! alex and robbie walk away as eddie place a " restroom close " sandwich board in front of the door . just then big mike rush up . big mike ( big hurry - potty emergency ) oh Eddie . listen , I know you be work but you hold on for just a minute . I have be so busy , and I really gotta go . eddie motion and try to find the word .... eddie but ....no .... but big mike be already in . eddies wait for it , wince , and there be a loud splash ... big mike ( o.s. ) ( echoing through the door ) yeahhhah that 's cold ! eddie just shrug and put away he scissors . 24 ext - moment later - top of river country 24 two young woman guard , katie and amy be load kid into tube and push they onto the slide . amy be a little older than katie . amy ... so then he just disappear . I have to call my dad to come pick I up . page 29 of 81 katie just shake she head in amazement . robbie and alex walk up to they . amy be out of earshot , load a kid . alex hang back a bit . robbie ( to katie ) hi . we be look for some table stretcher and left-handed coffee pot . katie what ? Amy , this guy be look for a table stretcher ? amy ( come over ) aokee 's huh ? robbie ( surprised ) uh , yes ... amy ( to robbie , see alex in the background ) they be all down at Big Mike 's last I see . ( to alex ) when you gonna tell he ? alex hi , Amy . who 's this ? amy Katie , this be Alex and ... robbie ( take with katie ) Robbie . ummm , Rob Zirpollo . amy well , anyway , Big Mike 's be where they be . robbie thanks . alex and robbie walk off . amy what a couple of loser . katie I do not know ... I think Robbie be kind of cute ... amy listen , you be new , so let I tell you how thing be . first that guy be wear blue short . that mean page 30 of 81 concession . ( use she finger to explain ) the Water World social structure be organize on three level . at the bottom be the trash rat . katie trash rat ? amy bottom feeder . Grounds kid . Babies . they clean the toilet and empty the trash . most be only 14 year old . it 's the only job young kid can do here . next up be concession . they be we " middle class " . we do not hang with they and they do not much hang with we . at the top of heap be the guard . you be a guard . girl , if you want to go out with someone , stick with you own kind . katie ( look off at robbie and alex walk away ) aw , that 's just silly . I think he 's cute . 25 ext - day bottom of river country on the way to big mike' 25 this in a area where rider splash down from riding a tube down the River country slide . robbie and alex be walk past the splashdown area . robbie what do that girl Amy mean ? alex about what ? robbie when she say , when be you go to tell he ? alex I will tell you over a hamburger at Big Mike 's . robbie and alex proceed to big mike 's out of frame . suddenly in the background we see a tube splashdown from a slide and the 7 year - old girl riding in it fall out . realizing she be no longer safely in a tube she scream and begin splash as if drown . a guard nearby blow a single tweet of she whistle . in slow motion we see four other guard throughout the area turn and react to the whistle . they begin run , baywatch style towards the scene . page 31 of 81 two guard be run and carry a backboard . they converge in another baywatch style slow - mo shot and line up along the edge of the splashdown pool . one guard in the middle have a rescue tube , and , still in slow motion , squat down slowly as if to jump in and rescue the girl . at the low end of the jump crouch , however he stop . we see he face in close - up as he say . rescue guard ( slow-motion , voice distort , to the girl ) staaaannnd uuuuuuuupppp ! the drown girl stop splash wildly , and realize she can indeed stand up . she look at all the guard line up , smile sheepishly , and walk out of the pool . 26 ext - moment later - big mike' 26 alex be stand outside of big mike 's . robbie be walk out of the restaurant . robbie ( shake he head ) aokee 's not go to be happy . nobody seem to know where this thing be ... alex ( smile ) yep. ( now laugh ) robbie what ? alex there 's no such thing as a table stretcher or a left-handed coffee pot . robbie what a dirty trick . alex ( smile ) it 's just aokee 's way of give you a tour of the park without have to be there . consider it a rookie initiation . robbie ( still mad ) humph . alex time to make it up to you . come on . 27 ext . day - back of big mike' 27 page 32 of 81 alex knock loudly on the door . a teenage boy , dave in a big mike 's uniform answer . dave Alex ! alex hey davey ...how ' bout two for two ? dave malt ? alex ( look at robbie ) chocolate . ( robbie nod ) dave disappear for moment . alex ( cont 'd ) now , if he ever show up at we back door , we owe he chicken and smoothies . robbie but ... do not we get a employee discount ? should not we go in the front ? alex well ... the discount be larger this way . robbie be get out money from he pocket , count through it . dave show up with two burger and two malt , and hand they to alex , disappear and shut the door quickly . robbie be still stare at he money . alex ( cont 'd ) come on ... let 's go eat ! they walk out of frame . 28 int - day aokeet surf and snack shack 28 alex and robbie be clean table after another busy lunch . we see that aokee be fill up a bucket , and get a scrub brush , and head out the doorway . alex oh boy . here we go . robbie what now ? alex aokee . the pigeon have be take target practice on he trophy pedestal . come on . they exit out the same doorway as aokee . page 33 of 81 29 ext - day - aokeet surf and snack shack 29 aokee be busily clean and cursing the pigeon . aokee ( speak Hawaiian ) stupid pigeon . they should all die ! alex ( to robbie ) happens every week . robbie ( to aokee ) what be this thing for anyway ? aokee someday , Robbie . someday . he keep clean . alex ( to robbie ) that stand be to display the covete surfer King trophy . aokee seem to think that one day some concession kid with more courage than brain be go to beat the lifeguard in the annual employee Olympic . robbie and what would this concession kid have to do ? alex nothing , really . just out surf the strongest guard of they all in the surfing competition . no big deal . robbie have it ever happen ? alex a guard always win the surf competition . know why ? together ( robbie and alex ) because concession kid can not swim ! aokee ( still clean ) someday . they go back into aokeet surf and snack shack . 30 int moment later - day - aokeet surf and snack shack 30 robbie be now behind the counter make smoothies . he put page 34 of 81 they up and the two kid wait take they and walk away . in walk amy and katie . katie ( to robbie ) hi there . robbie ( blink , smile ) hello . on break ? katie yeah . two Blue crushes please . robbie come up . he shake a mix container , blend it for about 5 second and pour it out into two cup . he then put in two umbrella with pineapple . amy oooh . umbrellas . I have never get umbrella before . robbie this be only for VIP guest . amy look over to katie and roll she eye . alex arrive at this point , and decide to provide a distraction . alex Amy . have you ever see the fabulous cumming and robbin 2000 - B ? amy ( shaking she head ) I do not think so . as he lead she back into the kitchen ... alex it 's incredible . it wash 2000 plate a hour .... katie ( to robbie ) so ... you be not from around here , huh ? robbie California . I just move here at the beginning of the summer . katie I will bet California 's nice . I have never be west of the mountain . page 35 of 81 robbie you would love the ocean . and the sunset be incredible . you can almost hear the sizzle as the sun drop into the ocean ... ( daydream a bit ) of course , we all know it do not drop into the ocean . katie no. ( pause ) I be surprised you be not a guard , come from the ocean and all . robbie let 's just say I miss my chance , and Alex save I from a death worse than fate . I be very nearly a trash rat . katie ( frown ) oh. good save . alex have distract amy all he could and they return from the kitchen . amy well . that be exciting . maybe next time you can show I how to scrub the grill . come on , Katie . they leave . alex ( to robbie , interested ) well ... how would you do ? robbie ( think ) mmmm . I tell she how beautiful the California sunset be . alex good job . you work fast . hey it 's time for we break . bring you swimsuit ? robbie yeah . the Wave ? alex the Wave . I love that water . robbie look confuse . alex ( cont 'd ) can not swim . it 's only three inch deep . robbie ( grab he suit and a towel ) ah ha ! let 's go . page 36 of 81 31 ext - moment later - the wave area 31 robbie and alex have they swimsuit on , and be in line to get on the wave . alex be coach robbie . alex now , just take it easy , and do not expect too much at first . when you wipe out , you ride be do . alex be up now , and he grab the board and jump in . he be pretty good , but not nearly as good as the wave bum . he do a few trick and wipe out . he get up and walk up to the line to watch robbie . alex ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) just ease into it . robbie take the board and look around . he jump full force onto the wave . it take he just a moment to get the feel of the board , and then he be all over it , make the wave bum look like rookie . spin , roll , everything that can be do he do . finally , the guard blow a whistle indicate that he time be up . alex ( cont 'd ) ( meeting he at the exit ) gee . where do you learn to do that ? robbie I be from oceanside , California . I be bear on a surfboard . they start walk back . they stop for a moment to look at Thunder Bay . just then a wave spew out , and kid on tube be scream as they always do . alex think you could ride that ? robbie ( look right into alex 's eye ) in my sleep . alex just smile . 32 int - later that day - aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 32 aokee be clean up behind the counter . alex be grin like the cat that eat the canary . aokee what you so happy about ? alex page 37 of 81 ( shaking he head ) you be not gonna believe it ... aokee listen . some guy come in today and try to buy a sandwich and pay with a phone card . today I believe anything . alex I take Robbie to the Wave today . aokee ( look around ) what ? he drow ? alex no . it turn out that he 's from oceanside . California . you know , where they always hold that surf competition ? aokee yeah . so ? alex it turn out that he place second in the state high school final for the shortboard competition . as a sophomore . aokee Robbie . ( laugh in disbelief , dismissive , then serious ) Robbie barely walk without help . alex I see it myself . you would not believe it . we hear a loud crash from the kitchen . aokee wince and gesture toward the kitchen . aokee I don ' believe it . we Robbie ? alex we Robbie . aokee ( think ) if this true .... this could be da year . alex that 's what I be think . aokee well , go get he . we need to make ready . he not just walk in and win this thing . alex you hear it . he 's in the kitchen ... page 38 of 81 alex go into the back . aokee sit at a table . Robbie come out of the kitchen wear a dishwasher apron . aokee Robbie , sit down . Alex , make up a volcano . this boy in training . robbie ( sit down , worried ) what do I spill now ? we hear the whine of a blender as alex be work on the volcano smoothie . aokee Robbie , Alex tell I you be some kind of surfer . this true ? robbie I dunno . yeah , surfing be usually how I spend my summer . aokee you know about employee Olympic ? robbie yeah . some kind of trophy . aokee surfer King trophy . very big . very nice . ( look down ) concession never win . alex arrive with the volcano smoothie . he turn a chair around and sit . they will gang up on he . robbie I dunno ... seem kind of silly to I . alex it 's a big deal . every girl want to date you . every guy want to be you . special privilege ... we all wear standard uniform . the surfer King get to be creative . you ever see the cowboy hat cowboy wear ? robbie it should not be that hard ... how good could this cowboy be ? aokee he very good . his family go to Hawaii every year , two , three week . good surfer . if you do this , you need to see pipeman . robbie page 39 of 81 pipeman ? alex he 's a myth . aokee oh , no . pipeman very real . Works here in park . low profile . you must find he and convince he to teach you the secret of the Thunder Bay wave . this not the ocean , surf boy . alex ( think ) pipeman . the banzai pipeline . I get it . some kind of legendary surf champ . where do we find he ? aokee I only see he once , maybe twice . stay behind scene . but here he be and find he you must . ( to robbie ) so . you do this ? Robbie look at they , think for a moment . CUT to : 33 int - moment later - aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 33 we see quarter go ding ding ding into the pay phone on aokee be wall . the shot widen to reveal aokee be dump quarter and robbie be hold the phone . he put it up to he ear . robbie ( into phone ) hello , grandma ? no , I be fine . listen , grandma ... I need you to send I a few of my thing ... aokee and alex be huddle around smile . 34 int - day - big mike' office 34 big mike be stand , walk around as he speak , tiffany be sit . clearly she be be scold . big mike ( angry ) .... why you would not believe the thing I have hear . just stupid thing . cut in line . demand special treatment . oh , and how about this one : ( mimick she ) princess do not carry trash . ( back to he voice ) I have often think it be a mistake to have you work here . maybe I be right . page 40 of 81 tiffany ( try to dance out of it ) oh , daddy . you know how jealous people get . big mike I would almost believe that . but I be behind the first Aid station when you say the " princess " line . this park exist because the kid here work hard . they need to be treat fairly . they need to see you be just another lifeguard . tiffany ( protest ) but I be not just another lifeguard . big mike ( mad again ) you will not even be that if this continue . if you want to keep come here every day and drive that little convertible of yours , I need to see real , concrete change in you attitude . tiffany all right . what do you expect I to do ? big mike for one thing , start mingling with " the commoner " . you would be amaze at how nice some of the people who work here be . make some friend outside that little group of yours . it 's the work of the average teenager here that put food on we table . show some gratitude . tiffany ( think a moment ) Fine . I will work it . big mike ( soften , but firm ) good . work on it . please ? tiffany ( nodd , but we do not believe she ) oh , daddy . do not worry about a thing . 35 ext morning - the next day - time shack 35 robbie and alex hook up and grab they time card . there be a banner hang that say , " employee luau tonight " , and skeeter and snitch have take a 5 gallon bucket and be use it as a stepladder to attach something . skeeter be on the bucket with a stapler in he hand . snitch hand up the hand - lettere magic marker addition , which page 41 of 81 skeeter staple on to the bottom of the banner while snitch keep a lookout . the addition say , " come get lei 'd " . they scamper off , laugh . alex ( look up at the sign ) this will be good . aokee throw a great luau . robbie I do not how much fun it will be . with aokee host , we will be work . alex there will still be time for fun . most of the work be set up . besides , we get pay , too . when be the last time you get pay to party ? with that , alex punch in , as if to punctuate the line . 36 ext - night - outside aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 36 it be dark , but the place be light up by little light everywhere , Christmas light in the fake palm tree , tiki light around aokee 's , and light lighting a stage where a band be play , what else , surf music . Buffet table line the area , and there be smoothie bar set up . big mike himself be behind the bar make smoothies , while richard be play bass in the band . aokee be run around make sure all the buffet item be full . everyone be wear leis , but the cheap plastic one , except aokee and he staff , who have real one fly in from Hawaii . aokee ( pour out four smoothies to robbie and alex ) ok . you work hard , and we fine now . you time to party . here they be . special Love smoothy . be careful ! alex ( to robbie ) this never fail . alex pick up two leis from a box behind the counter . he and Robbie walk over to amy and katie who be stand over near the buffet . alex ( cont 'd ) ( to robbie , but if front of amy and Katie ) now this will never do . robbie ( agree ) I be afraid you be right . something must page 42 of 81 be do . alex and robbie set the smoothies on a nearby table . they remove the cheap plastic leis the girl be wear . then they put on the real one they carry over . alex step back to admire he work . alex oh , yes , yes .... robbie perfect . a work of art . the girl look at each other and smile . alex and robbie grab the smoothies and hand two to the girl . amy sip hers right away . amy I do not remember anything like this on aokee 's menu . robbie they're .. alex ( interrupt ) .. special smoothies . fortunately , you know people on the inside . onstage , the band have finish a tune before the dialog begin above . now jaffa step up to the mike . jaffa we would like thank aokee and he crew for host this evening 's luau . everyone applaud , aokee wave . Alex raise a hand and wave off the accolade . robbie nod and smile as the amy and katie clap as well . jaffa ( cont 'd ) we would also like to bring aokee up to sing one of he Hawaiian specialty . again , everyone clap and cheer he on . aokee go on stage . alex you girl want to dance ? katie ( grab robbie 's hand and lead out to the dance floor ) sure . amy shrug yes and go out with alex . aokee ( onstage ) page 43 of 81 mahalo and aloha . this song be sung on my island for all young people in love ... or about to be . be call E O'Mai , or , you be mine . aokee begin sing the Hawaiian love song , " E O'Mai " . many couple be dance ; it be a slow song . alex , of course , be a goof . he dance slow , but every once in a while execute a deep dip , much to amy 's terror . eddie be off to the edge of the dance floor , watch , longingly , and kind of sway to the music . a couple of girl walk by and he do a magic trick for they . he hold both hand up , palm open to show he have nothing in he hand . he also gesture that he have no sleeve ( he be wear a tuxedo t-shirt ) . he reach behind he back and pull out a trick bouquet of flower , but they do not quite open right , and be still unfold as he hold they . eddie smile weakly , he know that be not quite how it be suppose to go . the girl appear encourage , but as they leave look at each other and giggle . we pick up robbie and katie dance . katie so. how be thing work out at aokee 's ? robbie oh , he 's great . Alex too . I think this summer be go to be a train wreck , but it 's not turn out too bad . katie well , of course this be not California ... robbie no , but it look like I will get a chance to do some surfing anyway . katie really . robbie apparently there 's some kind of surfing contest and aokee be all over I to enter . katie you mean the surfer King ? robbie you have hear of it ? katie it 's all the other girl seem to talk about . this be my first year , but page 44 of 81 apparently it 's a pretty big deal . be from oceanside , you should have a good chance . robbie we will see . it seem kind of stupid to I . a surfing contest in Colorado . ( laugh ) my friend back home would never believe it . they continue to dance . we see big mike talk to tiffany and gesture broadly . tiffany be clearly not agree with what he be say . cowboy be nowhere to be see . suddenly she throw up she hand and march over to the dance floor where eddie be stand alone , sway a bit to the music . she whisper something in he ear , and eddie' eye get real big as she lead he by the hand to the middle of the dance floor . she wrap she arm around eddie and they dance , all the while glaring at she father . eddie know a good thing when he see it , and quickly settles in , Big man on campus . tiffany be taller than he be , so he happily put he head on her shoulder . big mike look back at they , not happy with the way it happen , but satisfied . doug fitzgerald ( twenty buck doug ) be dance with a girl when alex , do some kind of fancy spin to amy , bump into he . doug ( to alex ) Alex . get my twenty buck ? alex oh , dougie . you know , I leave my wallet over in my locker . I will see you before we leave and get it to you then . doug yeah , sure . alex you know , you could always come by aokee 's and I could give it to you in trade . doug Cash money , Alex . Cash money . alex no problem . alex grab amy and swing she into another fancy move that lead they away from doug . page 45 of 81 the song end , and everybody clap . aokee bow . robbie ( to katie ) hey , listen . Alex tell I about this great spot on the other side of Thunder Bay that look down on the party , but it 's a little more quiet . want to go for a walk ? katie sure . they pick up they smoothies and walk off into the night . 37 ext moment later - night - NORTH edge of thunder BAY 37 robbie be walk on the seawall that separate the bay from the sun area , tightrope style . katie walk next to he . katie so ... what make you folk pick up from beautiful southern California and move to Colorado ? robbie not both my folk . just my Mom . katie aha ... trouble in paradise ? robbie let 's just say my father have a eye for he administrative assistant , and now they be both somewhere in Mexico . Mom get a job here , some of she family 's here , so they say " colorady be the place you outta be " . katie it could be worse . robbie well , I must admit , I have meet some very nice people . ( look down and smile ) in California , the attitude 's a little different . here , not everyone be out to prove something . seem 's like everyone just want to have fun . katie I have a theory . sometimes it snow here so hard , that it 's a challenge just to get to work or to school . everything shut down for a day or so . if you car get stick , people appear from nowhere to help pull you out and get you back on the road . most people here do not just look out for themselves . a lot of time , page 46 of 81 they be look out for you , too . 38 ext . moment later - night - customer service kiosk 38 alex and amy be inside the kiosk . alex be show she how everything work . alex all this switch feed sound throughout the park . which remind I . he pull out a CD and pop it into the CD player and press play . he see a flyswatter and begin wave it around like a sword . alex ( cont 'd ) and this be for bad little girl who do not know how to have fun . he begin swish it around , amy be giggle . alex ( cont 'd ) oops . there .... almost get you . amy be dodging and laugh . alex close in and seem like he will kiss she , but just start gum she neck , tickle she . amy lean back laugh and we see she back hit the volume knob on the amplifier . 39 ext . night - moment later grand pavilion 39 they have reach the area to the west of Thunder Bay . it be simply a concrete pad that overlook the party below . we hear " paradise be in you eye " by Michael peace , which begin with a lot of jungle sound effect . katie ( look down at the party ) you be right . this be nice . ( reacting to the jungle noise ) but not necessarily quieter . robbie just a sec . he walk away slightly and get on the radio . robbie ( cont 'd ) hey , Alex . give we break down here . turn down the sound effect . 40 ext . night - customer service kiosk 40 alex and amy be kissing ; she be up on the counter of the kiosk . alex ( interrupt , but to amy ) uh oh. sorry . hold that think . page 47 of 81 he grab the radio . alex ( cont 'd ) ( into the radio ) I be on it . he turn down the volume back to normal . he also flip a switch . they hear the tune now , and amy jump off the counter , stand there and smile . alex do a over - the- top mambo move to she and they start to slow dance . 41 ext . night - grand pavilion 41 robbie have set down the radio , and be walk back to katie now , who be sway to the music . he do not get too close to she , and actually stand off to she leave . since she have the room and be momentarily inspire , she begin a few dance move , ballet , and then ballroom style . robbie have see this sort of thing before , and instinctively , almost without think step in and become she dance partner . they proceed in a beautiful dance that almost seem rehearse . finally it occur to they both . robbie ( quizzically ) so where do you learn to dance like this ? katie ( smile ) eight year at miss vickie 's Studio of dance . what surprise I be you . robbie ( somewhat embarrassed , keep dance ) can you keep my deep , darkest secret ? katie of course . robbie ( hesitantly ) when you grow up within spitting distance of Hollywood , every mother seem to think she child be the next Harrison Ford . so when I be about 12 , my Mom start take I to all this audition for thing . katie so be you the next Harrison Ford ? robbie some day I be not even the next Robbie Zirpollo . they continue to dance . after a few moment ... page 48 of 81 katie .... and ? they stop and walk over to the railing overlook the party . robbie turn out I get this part . they be sell some dish soap or something , and they think it will be magical to have two twelve year old kid dance ballroom on this fantasy set with cloud and everything . they lock this girl and I into a dance studio with a choreographer for two week , and then they shoot the commercial . katie do not sound so terrible . you certainly learn how to dance . robbie yeah , but when it come out everyone in school see it . I could not go anywhere for six month without everyone in the room laugh they head off . katie ( touch , draw closer ) I be not laugh . they kiss , then return to dance . 42 ext . morning - the next day - outside aokeet surf &amp ; snack 42 shack - surf music bed we see alex and robbie discuss something ; form a plan . they be go to look for pipeman . alex gesture in one direction , and robbie take off . alex go in another . 43 ext . morning - moment later - day first aid shack near 43 funhouse - surf music bed alex walk up to the Guard , appear to ask a question . the guard shake he head " no " . alex walk off . 44 ext . morning - moment later - gift shop - surf music bed 44 robbie be talk to a cashier in the store . she shake she head ' no ' . Robbie walk out hurriedly . 45 ext . morning - moment later - customer service kiosk - surf45 music bed alex be talk to jaffa . jaffa gesture wildly , as if tell some big mythical story , but at the end throw up he hand as if to say , " I do not know " . page 49 of 81 46 ext . morning - moment later - somewhere at water world - 46 surf music bed we be in pitch darkness . we hear the sound of heavy scraping metal . light shine and we be look up through a manhole cover be remove . robbie bend over the hole and holler " pipeman " and peer in . he shake he head negatively and move on . 47 ext . morning - moment later - big mike be - surf music bed 47 we be at the back door to Big Mike 's . alex knock , and the same kid as before , dave , pop he head out . alex appear to ask a question , dave go back in as alex wait . dave come out again and gesture , " no one know " . alex start to leave , but turn back and ask something else . dave disappear and come back with a burger . alex shrug , and walk away unwrap and eat the burger . 48 ext . morning - moment later - back of some build 48 robbie see a door mark , " employees only " . he look down at he employee id and shrug and go in . as he enter we see he be push out by some unknown force . out the open door come " wally " the Water World mascot , who walk off . Robbie have be knock to the ground and look up , shaking he head . he get up and walk off . 49 ext . morning - moment later - back of some build - surf49 music bed now it be alex who have separately come upon the same door , not know robbie have already be there . he enter , and the door remain open . we hear girl scream and he exit quickly , follow by a volley of throw girl 's underwear , swimsuit and towel . 50 int . morning - moment later - thunder BAY pumphouse - surf50 music bed this room be creepy . it be full of loud pump and large pipe . robbie be make he way through a labyrinth of piping and gauge and the like . he peer and see a head with a red scarf , but it move out of view . surf music fade . there be a constant whine of the pump . robbie move further in and finally come across a man hold a large pipewrench , with he back to he . he be work to tame a small leak . robbie ( quietly ) hello ? no reaction . robbie ( cont 'd ) ( loudly this time ) hello ? page 50 of 81 this startles and kind of anger pipeman . pipeman hey . you be not suppose to be in here . robbie yeah , sorry . be you pipeman ? pipeman ( recover from the startle ) not on purpose . I guess some people call I pipeman . ' spose it 's better than Carl . robbie so you be real name 's Carl ? pipeman no . I just say pipeman be a better name than Carl . robbie oh. well , my name 's Robbie . I work at aokee 's . pipeman oh. ok . what the hell you doin ' down here ? robbie I need you help . pipeman that scrubsink at aokee 's leakin ' again ? gee , I know we shoudda replace ... robbie it 's not the scrub sink . I need you help . I be compete in the employee Olympic . with you advanced surfing experience , aokee think you might be able to help I . pipeman ( to himself ) everybody want to be the surfer King . ( to robbie ) what advanced surfing experience ? robbie well , you know . " pipeman " ? Hawaii 's North shore ? surfing the pipeline ? pipeman ohhh . bad news , kid . I hate to disappoint you , but this be the reason they call I pipeman . I be the plumber around here . pipeman hold up the large wrench . page 51 of 81 robbie oh , boy . see , I be from California , and I can surf , I just do not know what to expect from the wave on Thunder Bay . I ... I be just hope you could help , I really be sorry for bother you . robbie begin walk out , deject . pipeman look at he , and feel sorry for he . pipeman wait a minute , kid . I do know a little about surfing . I also know a lot about the wave here . what exactly be you look for from I ? robbie ( perk up ) I need a mentor ; you know like in karate kid . pipeman karate kid . he work at Big Mike 's do not he ? robbie no , no it 's a movie . pipeman never see it . do not know much about this mentor thing . how 's it work ? robbie generally , you , as mentor , draw on some personal religious philosophy to first intimidate , and then later inspire I . what religion be you ? pipeman ( proudly ) I be norman . robbie ah , brigham Young and all that . pipeman no , no nnnnorm - a . we follow the big fat guy on cheer rerun . robbie okay ... and you belief structure .... pipeman usually involve a lot of beer and corn nut , but I do not think that 's gonna work here . ( think ) tell you what . meet I at Thunder Bay tomorrow morning , page 52 of 81 eight a.m. , bring you board and we will work something out . robbie ( happily ) great , perfect . thanks . I will not let you down . ( walk away , mutter to himself ) what the heck be a corn - nut ? 51 ext . morning - the next day - thunder BAY 51 we see Thunder Bay look east . aokee and alex be set up lawn chair . aokee be lather on suntan lotion , and put on a large straw hat . alex put sun block cream on he nose , and they both sit on the lawn chair . they both have large smoothies . robbie appear with he surfboard , and lay it up against the east fence at Thunder Bay . pipeman arrive carry a small device in a plastic ziplock bag . robbie approach pipeman . robbie hi ! glad you could make it . ( point to pipeman 's hand ) what 's that ? pipeman this be how I trigger the wave . robbie with that ? a garage door clicker ? pipeman what do you think ? wave just happen ? this be Colorado , kid . now get you board and get in the water . Robbie get he board and jump into Thunder Bay , paddle over to the narrow side where the wave begin . pipeman go down the stair lead to near where robbie have position himself . pipeman ( cont 'd ) you sure that 's where you want to be ? robbie should be about right . be not you get in ? where 's you board ? pipeman mentor do not get wet . I look it up . ( press the clicker ) get ready . a wave come and robbie begin paddle . he miss it , page 53 of 81 splashes the water angrily and turn back to paddle to position again . aokee and alex look at each other nervously . pipeman ( cont 'd ) want to know what you do wrong ? robbie ( mad ) just gimme another wave . pipeman oakey doakey . another wave come . robbie paddle furiously and miss it again . now he 's really angry . robbie ( tersely ) okay . please . tell I what I do wrong . pipeman you be in the wrong position . the wave do not crest that soon . move ten foot further away from the back wall . robbie ( to himself ) the ocean never have a back wall . ( to pipeman ) thank you . robbie paddle over to the spot suggest by pipeman . aokee and alex be now sit on the edge of the lawn chair anxiously await the next wave . it come and robbie catch it easily and begin riding it aggressively . he have a good run and kick out at the end . aokee and alex high - five . alex and aokee ( together ) yeee -haww . they settle back into they chair to absorb some sun . 52 int . day aokeet surf and snack shack - day 52 aokee be behind the counter finish up make a smoothie . richard , head lifeguard be on the other side ; he will get the smoothie . richard ( grin ) so . I hear he 's pretty good . have not see he myself yet . aokee ( concerned , cover ) good ? good at what ? who you mean ? page 54 of 81 richard come on . you ringer from California . everyone say he 's gonna give cowboy a run for he money . aokee Robbie ? Robbie barely walk without help . we hear a loud crash from the kitchen . richard gee ! aokee ha ! aokee gesture back towards the kitchen . aokee ( cont 'd ) you surfer King . we just make a good show . you boy have nothing to worry about . richard you know I would feel a lot better if you have not take most of my money in that poker game last Friday night . aokee ( dismissive ) poker ? not a island game . I no good . richard ( nod ) right . tell you what . sight unseen even money , twenty dollar on cowboy . aokee you want to bet with I ? take my twenty dollar , just like that ? humph . not worth the trouble , twenty dollar . now , maybe a hundred ... richard a hundred buck ... another crash from the kitchen , this time pot &amp ; pan . aokee ( to kitchen ) Robbie ! richard ok , a hundred buck . they slap hand to seal the deal . richard leave , grin and shaking he head . aokee ( to kitchen ) page 55 of 81 Robbie ? that you ? come out here . robbie ( enter from kitchen ) sorry , dude , that tray be way off balance . aokee Robbie , we secret get out . you practice too good . robbie ( happy ) I be really get the hang of that wave . aokee fall more . make good show . robbie ( think ) I will try to remember to look and see who 's watch . aokee ( pour the rest of richard 's smoothie ) good . here , have a smoothie . you too skinny to surf good . robbie smile and take the smoothie back to the kitchen . 53 ext early morning . - thunder BAY 53 robbie and pipeman be in the middle of a practice session . pipeman be at the side , robbie be in the water on he board . pipeman ( gesture ) ok , now this time , get up on the board more quickly . this be a wave pool and this wave dissipate quickly . you only have a little time to show you stuff . robbie how will the judge work ? pipeman you get a possible ten point . Three for you surfing , three for you style and four for the judge 's overall impression of you ride . no one 's ever get a ten ... I be not really sure why . robbie you have see the competition . what do everybody do ? pipeman everybody just surf , man and try not to fall . the big reason cowboy 's do so page 56 of 81 well be he go to Hawaii for a couple week every year . but there he 's mostly a longboarder . you job be to figure out how to make the most outta this little wave . robbie ok . I be ready . the wave come and robbie catch it and surf it hard , kick up high at the end . 54 ext . morning - moment later - hill above thunder BAY 54 we see cowboy and tiffany stand overlook Thunder Bay . cowboy have binocular and be look through they . cowboy he 's pretty good , I will give he that . tiffany ( concerned ) how good ? cowboy if I have a off day , he could win . tiffany ( really concerned ) that 's terrible . you be the surfer King . cowboy well , some day you get the wave , and some day the wave get you . tiffany this can not happen . what be we gonna do ? cowboy I do not know what you be go to do , but as I for I , I be gonna schedule some practice time of my own . tiffany this may take a lot more than extra practice . cowboy well , I do not know what else you expect . I will go out and do my best . if that 's not enough , it 's not enough . tiffany grab the binocular and stare down at Thunder Bay . we see gear turn in she head . 55 ext . morning - the next day - customer service kiosk 55 robbie and Alex be walk by . jaffa see they . jaffa page 57 of 81 hey , surfer boy ! I get fifty buck at three to one ! do not let I down , mon . robbie ( to jaffa ) hey jaffa . no worry . ( to alex , shocked ) people be betting on I ? alex just a little friendly pool . no big deal . help make this more interesting . concession never have a chance before ... robbie I have see this cowboy practice . his style be more longboard , and this be a shortboard wave , but he 's still pretty good . I could lose you know . two concession girl be walk by they . concession girl ( together ) hi Robbie ! robbie how ya doin ' ( to Alex after they have go by ) see . how come everyone know I by sight now ? alex ah , you be the next big thing . you will survive it . the employee Olympic be only a week away . what happen be we have this big open ceremony where each team choose a theme and we be judge on we spirit . then different team compete in contest that test they Water World skill . the next morning it all end with the surf contest . you ready ? another group of concession girl call robbie from one of the snack bar . he wave . robbie I suppose . I have be work out a strategy to use if cowboy have a real good day . it 's risky ... just then they both nearly run headlong into tiffany . tiffany well , hello Robbie . robbie ( surprised ) you know I ? page 58 of 81 tiffany of course I know you . it 's my father 's park , I try get to know everyone . alex ( interrupt , eager ) I be Alex ! tiffany yes , I be sure you be . ( ignore alex , back to Robbie ) it 's be a while since I have be to aokee 's . do you suppose if I come down in a little while you could make some of that special chicken , what be it ? robbie the best teriyaki east of the Pacific . tiffany yes ... and one that smoothies I hear so much about ? robbie ( stunne ) well , sure . I will be work all afternoon . tiffany it 's a date then . see you later ! she walk off . robbie just stand there . alex start walk , then come back . finally alex push he on the shoulder . alex come on , we gotta get back . robbie ( still shocked ) yes . yes we do . 56 int . day aokeet surf and snack shack 56 aokee be wiping the counter alone . he turn toward the kitchen ... aokee Alex ! we need more large smoothie cup out here ! aokee continue clean up . alex show up with a load of cup , aokee take they and start place then . aokee ( cont 'd ) ( to alex ) look at that . we see in a far corner of aokee 's tiffany and robbie in a page 59 of 81 animated , engage conversation . aokee ( cont 'd ) second time this week . we boy Big man on campus , huh ? alex Big something . I hope he know how to work without a net . aokee well . we all grow up sometime . he not drop a tray of dish in day . something go right . you think he ready ? alex I guess we will both find out on Sunday . I sure hope so . we see tiffany and robbie again , and tiffany be laugh loudly at some joke robbie have make . 57 ext near sunset - time shack 57 robbie , alex , amy and katie be clocking out for the day . robbie clock out first . tiffany drive up in she convertible . tiffany ( wave he over ) Robbie ! robbie go over to talk to she . we see he go around to the passenger side . robbie ( shouting ) Alex ! I will not need a ride tonight after all . tiff 's take I home ! robbie jump in and they drive away . alex , amy and katie be still stand on the porch of the time shack , shocked at what they have see . alex ( disbelief ) tiff ? amy ( gross out ) tiff ? katie ( forlorn , stunne ) tiff . we see robbie and tiffany drive out the gate . we see katie walk slowly out of the park alone . as she be walk , we flash back to scene of katie and page 60 of 81 robbie together , dance and laugh . this time the dance move to the song of allison krause 's " New favorite " . we take a final look at katie with the set sun at she back and see she be cry . 58 ext . early morning . - surf' up wave pool east side 58 we see the rise sun behind aokee 's head as he raise a conch shell and blow it like a horn . he be dress like a Hawaiian prince . as the shot widen it reveal six male and two female dress in Hawaiian native garb . robbie and alex be among several drummer with bamboos stick in they hand that provide percussion for the Hawaiian war dance . aokee aie , noka moka kei kai ke alo . the drum begin and the male dancer , carry spear begin the Hawaiian war dance . the drummer sing the Hawaiian folk tune " no ka moku kiakahi ke aloha " . there be about 100 concession kid in regular uniform sit cross - legge behind they , clap the beat in unison . the male dancers circle each other in time to the beat , gesture a story the seem to involve some invade army . the war dance progress until the invade warrior be defeat and the folk song end . at the end , the kid sit behind raise they hand and shout . concession girl and boy concession ! concession ! concession ! look to the south side of the pool , we see about 50 grounds kid sit in row . in we foreground there be six large trash can , with toilet plunger arrange next to they , 2 each . to we leave be a line of six grounds kid in army fatigue carry broom as if rifle . the lead kid shout : lead marcher company ! forward , march . the drill team march into full view . the grounds kid behind clap the march beat . the marcher stop in front of the line of trash can . lead marcher ( cont 'd ) company ! halt ! they do . lead marcher ( cont 'd ) present arm ! page 61 of 81 the broom come off they shoulder and be hold forward . lead marcher ( cont 'd ) company ! marcher yes sir . lead marcher order arm . they begin a routine practice with broom , in a cadence , clapped by the grounds kid behind they . lead marcher ( cont 'd ) what do you do if it 's wet and not yours ? marcher ( in cadence ) do not touch it ! do not touch it ! lead marcher how do you deal with a full can of trash ? marcher we empty ! we empty ! lead marcher sound off ! marcher trash rat ! lead marcher again ! marcher trash rat ! lead marcher sound off , trash rat . marcher trash rat ! trash rat ! they stop . they broom be raise over they head . lead marcher company ! broom Ho ! they allow they broom to fall to they right side and march to the trash can . they pull out bright blue ski mask , a la blue man group , and pick up the toilet plunger . the lead marcher hold he plunger high and shout . lead marcher ( cont 'd ) company ! begin ! he count a four beat rhythm and they begin a blue man / stomp like drum routine with the trash can . page 62 of 81 two grounds kid in regular grounds uniform approach hold steel trash can lid by the handle ( with glove ) . this become drum as well as two of the drummer switch from trash can to can lid use the stick side of the toilet plunger as the drumstick . a competition erupt from the leave and right side of the line as they each set a beat and then the other match . finally , a show of unity as both side join back into the beat for a end flourish . they pick up they broom and turn they attention to the kid behind they . they begin to march in place and the seat grounds kid clap for the tempo . lead marcher ( cont 'd ) ( to the seat ground kide ) what do you do when the table 's a mess ? ground kide ( together ) we wipe it ! we wipe it ! lead marcher what do you do when a toilet 's stop up ? ground kide we plunge it ! we plunge it ! lead marcher sound off ! ground kide trash rat ! lead marcher sound off ! ground kide trash rat ! lead marcher sound off trash rat ! ground kide trash rat ! trash rat ! they clap and cheer , and settle back down to sit . all be quiet now . we see concession kid sit , grounds kid sit and we look to the west side of the pool and see lifeguard sit . everyone be look around . suddenly two lifeguard dress as Roman Soldiers appear with horn . they bellow a Roman call to action , and two Roman drummer lead a column of other lifeguard . page 63 of 81 first we see female guard dress in togas filing in . behind they be six gladiator with sword and shield , march . they be follow by one female lifeguard with a basket of rise petal . she be throw they into the path of the next group to enter . next we see six more guard dress as slave carry cowboy , who be sit up on a first Aid backboard . he be wear laurel leave and a toga , he be obviously Cesar . on the backboard be also the surfer king trophy . they all approach the area in front of the seat guard , and rearrange themselves so that cowboy have a good view of the gladiator . the drummer count a cadence that set the pace for a simulate battle between the gladiator . the simulate battle rage until three of the gladiator be on they knee before the three victorious gladiator . the victorious gladiator hold they sword over the fall one , and look to cowboy for a yea or nay . cowboy generously wave and make a thumb up signal , and the sword be put away . the seat lifeguard all raise they fist and shout . lifeguard ( together ) lifeguards ! lifeguards ! lifeguards ! the guard hold cowboy set he down in front of a elevate platform that have a microphone .. cowboy pick up the surfer king trophy and walk to the platform . he set the trophy on a table next to the microphone , arrange it carefully . we see now there be a large banner hang at the back of the wave pool that say " water world welcomes employee olympian " . cowboy move to the microphone and raise he arm in a regal manner and speak . cowboy ( to all ) let the game ... begin ! the seat crowd now stand and cheer loudly . we see a group of three people , two male and one female , adult we will later identify as judge . they nod approvingly and write something down on they clipboard . we see big mike near they , smile broadly . 59 ext . later that day - surf' up wave pool east side 59 we see that the lounge chair have be remove and the area be clear . there be scattered squash up piece of white paper lie about . page 64 of 81 we look to the south and see that there be three boy / girl team with one of they leg tie together , like a three legge race . the rub here be one team member have the dustpan and the other team member have the broom . a judge triggers a starter pistol and they be off . the lifeguard team fall almost immediately , and the grounds team take a early lead over the concession team , who be try to figure the dustpan / broom operation out . the two grounds people work tightly together and quickly advance . the lifeguard have get back up and be hobbling up to they first piece of trash . concession have figure out the dustpan , but be still well behind the grounds kid . finally , the grounds kid win , with concession up second , and lifeguard trail in third . the judge note the finish on they clipboard . 60 ext . later that day - thunder BAY 60 we see three male participant stand in the shallow end of Thunder Bay , one red suit ( lifeguard ) one blue suit ( concession ) and one green suit ( grounds ) a judge on the rise to the west of Thunder Bay blow a air horn to start the race . they all rush into the bay and begin swim furiously . the guard take the lead quickly , follow not far behind by the grounds kid . the concession kid be work hard and splash a lot but not get very far . as the guard reach the back wall , he do a underwater racing turn and swim back toward the point where they start . right behind he , the smaller grounds kid do the same thing . as they be return , they pass the concession kid , who still be splash a lot but not go fast . after they pass he he stop , as he be tired out . momentarily he can not even tread water any more , and a guard watch from the sideline jump in and pull he out . the swim guard have beat the grounds kid , the concession kid never finish . 61 ext later that day - surf' up wave pool south side 61 there be three line set up with several participant . it be a relay race , with the baton replace by a tray full of drink in paper cup , water . the color indicate again concession , guard and grounds . the race be already in full swing , with concession in the lead . the last group of relayer be now get they trays , and concession be way ahead . page 65 of 81 everyone be cheer they team on . the final pass be make to sarah who work for aokee 's . she take the tray and move gracefully to the final stop . there be a small table on which the drink must be place . she be clearly go to win when she suddenly stop . all concession kid be shocked and plead she to go on . she do a nifty and graceful around the back maneuver with the tray , proceed to the table , and set down the drink , tipping the tray sideways to show no water have be spill . the judge scribble furiously . 62 ext . later that day - aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 62 Three picnic table be set up in front of aokee 's . we dolly past each one to see that they be cluttere indentically with what appear to be the leftover from lunch for four . behind each table be a team of two guard , concession and grounds kid . a judge blow a whistle and we begin by look at the lifeguard team . it be a boy and a girl and the girl be not too keen on this . they bring a trash can with they and begin gingerly clear the table , act as if they be afraid to get they hand dirty . we dolly leave to see the concession team a little ahead of the guard team . we dolly further leave to reveal a grounds kid in a full rain suit with a face shield . a tremendous force of water be clear the table into the trash can which the rain-suited grounds kid be hold at it 's end . we dolly further leave to see eddie in full army fatigue with safety goggle on and wear the biggest super - soaker water gun in the history of man . the table be quickly clear , and at the same time wash . eddie hold up the business end of the Super - soaker gun and blow imaginary smoke from it 's barrel , like a old western gunfighter . the judge take note . 63 ext . later that day - surf' up wave pool 63 the three different team be gather in group wait for the next challenge . one of each team be in full sweat , color coordinate by team . alex be the one in the sweat for concession . slowly the sweat people walk into the pool about waist deep and lay page 66 of 81 down . the grounds kid be the littlest guy of all . a judge blow a whistle and four member of each team run into the water and drag they now soak sweat suite teammate out of the water . they lie they down on a clear area and begin cpr . the guard have a nifty little plastic device that let they blow air into the mouth of they victim , and they roll he quickly on he side to clear water and back to begin cpr . they be fast and efficient , and clearly expertly train . we move leave to see the grounds kid , knowledgeable but inexperienced . one girl be use she hand to provide a seal over the mouth of she " victim " and another be clumsily pump he chest while the other try to keep a count while read some kind of instruction card .. we move again to see the concession kid , who be in trouble . alex be lie there die , and they be argue about who have to breathe into he mouth . they form a circle over he , point and argue . finally they all just walk off and alex be still lie on the ground , eye roll back and twitching convulsively in a hilarious death scene . the judge take they note . 64 ext later that day - in front of the canning company 64 once again three team represent the three compete faction . large stainless steel pot be bubbling on three propane cooking stand in front of the concession . the team each have three member in cooking apron , again , color code . one from each team be stir the team 's chili while the other watch the judge anxiously . line be form in front of each pot , with people in line each carry a paper chili bowl , but hold back , defer to the judge . the judge be each carry three styro cup in which to receive the chili . they each get a portion from the guard team and take a sip . they smile politely to the cook , but turn around and spit the chili back into the cup as delicately as possible , almost as if throw up . a concession kid be there with a tray of water , which they quickly take advantage of . they move on to the grounds team . they get they portion and taste the chili and nod , not bad . they take another sip of water to clear they palate and move on to the concession team . the portion be proudly scoop . they take a taste , smile and take some more . they huddle for page 67 of 81 a moment and then place a blue ribbon on the concession pot . the line quickly rearrange and merge themselves so that everyone be in line for the concession pot . 65 ext later that day - surf' up wave pool east side 65 a obstacle course have be set up , and the event provide a background to the dialogue that follow . aokee have some papers , and be talk to alex and robbie . aokee ( look through the papers ) this be not good . ( look at alex and robbie ) it 's the same as every year . pretty much a dead heat go into the surf championship tomorrow morning . alex I can not believe that guy screw up the cpr . robbie hard to blame they . no one tell they they have to put they mouth on yours until the last minute . yuck . alex bunch of baby . aokee ( to robbie ) it 's go to be up to you . we slip a little . you have to make up . that trophy need a new home . they look over at the obstacle course where a tiny grounds kid be jump up and down and raise he arm rocky - style . aokee ( cont 'd ) you need to make up . you ready ? tomorrow morning last event . you we last hope . robbie just look at both of they nod and sigh heavily as the other grounds kid surround we winner in the background . aokee and alex walk off . suddenly tiffany appear . tiffany hi Robbie . robbie ( shy but still very much smitten ) oh. hey . tiffany how 's you team do ? robbie uh. ok , I guess . kind of a tie . page 68 of 81 tiffany well , I think you be go to take care of that tomorrow morning . in fact , I have plan a little celebration in advance . we be go to this incredible party up in the foothills at some friend of mine . robbie ( intrigue ) Party , huh ? that sound like fun . I have to work until nine tonight . tiffany that 's perfect . I will come back here and pick you up . she start to walk off . tiffany ( cont 'd ) oh , and Robbie ... call you mom and tell she you be spend the night at Alex 's or something . it 's go to be a very special night . robbie ( hypnotise ) k ... she walk away . robbie stand there a moment before waking up and leave also . 66 int . evening - aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 66 it be dark . we see alex and aokee clean up from the day 's food service . alex be wiping down the smoothie area , aokee be sweeping on the other side of the counter . alex ( voice somewhat hushed ) I be tell you we need to talk he . something 's go on . aokee ( shaking he head no ) Robbie know the right thing to do . he 's a good boy . alex so how about this ? he tell I I have get to cover for he if he mother call . he tell she he 's spend the night at my house . aokee he say that ? alex yes . Tiffany 's get something up she sleeve and Robbie 's too mess up to page 69 of 81 notice . aokee ( reflective ) spend the night at you house . this very bad . very bad . aokee ( cont 'd ) he should be do with the dish by now . tell he we want to talk . alex disappear back into the kitchen . aokee go to a empty table under the one light on in the dining area and sit down . alex come back and robbie follow . robbie hey . I be do with the pot and pan . it 's almost nine . can I take off now ? aokee Robbie , please , sit . robbie sit down . so do alex . Robbie look at both and get suspicious . robbie everything ok ? aokee that 's what we gonna ask you . what you plan tonight ? robbie well , Tiffany invite I to a little party up in the mountain . aokee Robbie , you athlete . Big day tomorrow . you need sleep , not party . robbie it 's no big deal . I will be fine . aokee be big deal . Robbie . you good boy , smart , everybody like you , but .... robbie but ... aokee face it . only one reason Tiffany interested in you . she want to make you so tired and so crazy you lose tomorrow . robbie ( disbelief ) aw , come on ... page 70 of 81 alex Robbie . she 's still go out with cowboy . I see they together at the movie two night ago . robbie maybe she 's just let he down easy . alex Robbie ... thing ... thing be not always what they seem to be . robbie like what ? aokee in this case , she act like she like you when really she want cowboy to win . robbie naw . you guy be nut . she 's not like that . alex she be like that . robbie look , I know what to believe and what not to . I be not that easily fool . alex aokee ? aokee ( shaking he head ) go ahead . tell he . I trust he . alex ok . take aokee for instance . Gentle , genial Hawaiian guy , right ? robbie sure . he 's great . I love work here . aokee , you have be real good to I ... alex then let I introduce you properly . Robbie Zirpollo , meet manuel ramirez . aokee be head be down in he hand . Robbie look stunne . alex ( cont 'd ) manuel 's family snuck across the border ten year ago through juarez , Mexico . aokee ( accent go ) my father refuse to work for a drug lord who run we town . they try to kill page 71 of 81 he . we barely get out with we life . robbie aokee ? aokee ( accent now mexican ) a name I pick up read a obituary in the paper . I send away to Hawaii and get he birth record and social security number . this way , I never have to worry about immigration . I spend week watch tape of Hawaii five -o just to get the accent right . " Book them danno " . huh . what 's that all about ? robbie ( to Alex ) and you know ? alex nod yes . aokee I burnt my hand on the grill one day and start swear in Spanish ... alex ( interrupt ) and I say , boy , you speak Spanish like a native .... uh oh . it 's be we little secret . now it 's you secret , too . robbie ( look at he watch ) I need to think about all this . alex ( nodd ) you do . aokee sleep tonight . sleep well . robbie ( get up , daze ) right. goodnight . robbie leave . alex and aokee just sit , look at each other . 67 ext . early morning . - thunder BAY 67 hundred of people be gather on bleacher to watch the surfing competition . a large highway construction type signboard have be erect and say " Grounds 93 " , " concession 93 " and " lifeguards 94 " . it be almost a festival atmosphere . the judge be stand page 72 of 81 in a group , confer , near a table that have the control for the sign . the sign can be view easily from the bleacher . we look over to the front of aokee 's and see aokee and alex stand outside the restaurant . 68 ext . early morning . - moment later - aokeet surf &amp ; snack 68 shack aokee ( to Alex ) have you see he ? alex not yet . they be look to the north towards the crowd , but robbie appear behind they . robbie ( look in the same direction ) what you lookin ' at ? aokee we look for you . how you sleep ? robbie I sleep fine . ( pause as aokee and alex wait ) I decide I be not my father . I do not run out on the people I care about just because some blond shake she ta-ta 's at I . aokee ( relieved ) we go then . robbie pick up he board , and they begin walk toward the bleacher . alex stop and turn suddenly . alex she shook she ta-tas ? no one say anything about shaking ta-tas . ( reflectively ) this put a whole new light on thing ! he be in robbie 's way . robbie push he with he board . robbie get go ! 69 ext . early morning - thunder BAY 69 robbie , cowboy and melinda from grounds , who we meet earlier and be con into the contest because she say she surf once on vacation , be all stand in front of the judge . one judge explain the rule . page 73 of 81 head judge ( look down at clipboard ) alright , here 's the deal . you get three try ; three heat . we judge each run and only you high score count . if you fall you get no score for the run . you score will be add to the total for you team , and the winner get the surfer King Trophy . any question ? they all shake they head no . head judge ( cont 'd ) then let 's begin . Grounds be up first . melinda grab she board and begin paddle out . the wave come and it 's all she can do to stay on she board . she struggle and fall at the end . she will clearly not be a factor . the big screen show a 0 in a column after the grounds score . we look back to the bleacher to polite applause , but the colonel and the grounds kid be clearly disappointed . cowboy be out there now , the wave come and he catch it easily . he ride the wave gracefully and well , and kick out at the end . the big screen show a 8 in the lifeguard row . the lifeguard and richard be cheer now . robbie be next . he catch the wave and ride it more aggressively than cowboy , but nearly fall at the end of he run . the big screen show a 8 . the concession kid and aokee be very enthusiastic . they can see they have a chance with robbie . pipeman be watch from a far corner . melinda begin she second run . she be a little more confident this time , but still seem barely able to stand and ride the wave . more polite applause , and the big screen show a 5 . cowboy catch he wave , and try to imitate robbie be more aggressive style , but fall midway through the run . we hear a large gasp from the crowd as this happen . the crowd applaud politely , and the guard be supportive but disappointed . we see the judge confer and the big screen show a 0 . robbie get he wave , and surf it aggressively again , this time not nearly fall at all . the judge nod approvingly and confer . the big screen show a 9 . the crowd go wild , especially the concession kid . melinda begin she final run . she do better than the past two , but not significantly . the judge confer and the screen show a 5 . the ground kid be very disappointed , they know they be out of it now . the colonel shake melinda be hand and thanks she for she effort . page 74 of 81 cowboy get he wave , and have clearly decide to go back to he original style ; he ride the wave gracefully , but take no chance . he kick out at the end with a wave and a smile . the guard applaud , hope to make it seem better than it be , and the judge confer and the screen show a 8 . robbie snag he wave and ride it aggressively again , but lose he balance momentarily . it cost he ; the judge confer and the screen show a 7 . the concession kid applaud , and the point total show " Grounds 98 " , " concession 102 " and " lifeguards 102 " . everyone be confuse , there have never be a tie before . the judge be flipping through papers , and big mike step up to the microphone . big mike ( clear he throat , flustered ) it look like we have a tie . this have never happen before , but I seem to remember we provide for this possibility in the rule . hopefully we judge can help we figure out what to do ! the head judge be read to the other judge out loud , slap he hand on one of the papers and come up to the mike . head judge reading from the rule , " ... in the event of a tie at the end of three heat in the surf competition , the team who be tie will participate in a sudden - death surf off . additional heat will be run until a winner can be declare . " ( look up at the crowd ) the " sudden death " heat will begin in five minute . everybody cheer ... they be go to see some more great surfing . the judge signal cowboy and robbie to come over . the head judge take a quarter out of he pocket and point to cowboy to call it . it land and the judge look at it . he point to robbie . head judge ( cont 'd ) you want to go first or second ? robbie second . head judge be ready in five minute . 70 ext - moment later - aokeet surf &amp ; snack shack 70 page 75 of 81 robbie , alex , aokee and pipeman have gather in front of aokee 's to strategize . aokee so what you do ? wait for he to go crazy and fall ? robbie do not want to win with he fall . pipeman you could always go out and do you very best , take a lot of chance and maybe win this thing on merit . alex ( dismissive ) do not be silly . that only work in the movie . robbie ( shake he head ) actually , that 's exactly what I be think . it 's the reason we be in a tie . I have be too conservative . I have get to do everything I can , or just forget about it . it 's all or nothing . ( pause ) we gotta pull the fin . aokee pull da fin ? pipeman you think you can hold it ? robbie ( explain ) one time , this tourist from Japan on the beach at La Jolla offer I a hundred buck to do a full spin at the top of the wave , and then slide down and cut back and do a full back flip . I pull it off . a friend of mine have a trick board with just a single fin and foot pocket . pipeman we gotta pull the fin . what do we do about the foot pocket ? robbie you get duct tape ? pipeman reach into he tool belt and pull out a roll . pipeman what kind of plumber would I be if I do not have duct tape ? Water World page 76 of 81 platinum ! where do you want they ? they place the board on a table . robbie pull off two small piece of tape and place they on the board . robbie here and here . pipeman get he screw gun out of he tool belt and begin remove the two outer fin of the board . he then begin looping duct tap around the board to create two foot pocket . this provide a background to the dialog below . aokee so , help I understand . what you do now ? robbie pipeman be take the extra fin off my board . I only need one to make a deep cut back . he be also put some pocket to slip my foot into so when I flip upside down , I do not lose the board . alex flip upside down ? robbie a back flip . you guy see it on snowboarder here all the time , I be sure . alex oh yeah , I be sure I do that last winter . but not on purpose ! dude . you be either gonna win this thing or you be gonna die . aokee ( quickly , eagerly ) it would be better if you win . robbie yeah , well , a tie be like kissing you sister . alex ( mock anger ) you stay away from my sister . we hear a air horn blast . they be ready to start . pipeman ready ! robbie ( to pipeman ) I will need the biggest wave you can give I ... pipeman ( imitate Mr. Scott on Star page 77 of 81 Trek ) I will give 'er all she 's get , cap and ! he hand Robbie the board . alex head back to the bleacher area , pipeman go to the pumphouse in back of Thunder Bay . aokee hang back with robbie and speak to he alone . aokee ( drop he Hawaiian accent ) Robbie . when you do this , do this mostly for Robbie Zirpollo . but do it just a little bit for manny ramirez , eh ? aokee smile and pat he on the back . Robbie nod . they head for the bay . 71 ext . morning - moment later - thunder BAY 71 cowboy be in the water paddle out to get he wave . it come and he have apparently decide to stay with what have get he this far ; a conservative style that keep he look good without fall . his ride be similar to the last one , but even more graceful and lyrical and he get a 9 . alex ( to robbie ) look like he 's wait for you to make a mistake . you sure you know what you be do ? robbie I be just make this up as I go along . alex Works for I ! go get them . robbie appear on the seawall hold he board and look out first at the bay , then at the crowd . his mom , connie wave , and he smile weakly . he see katie and she look hopeful . she have not give up on he completely . he smile at she and get into the water . he begin paddle . it seem to take forever for he to get out to the spot where he catch the wave , but he finally arrive . he sit there for a moment , collect himself , then raise he hand to signal he be ready . the concession kide have start to chant , robbie ! robbie ! the guard be anxious , but even they can not help move to the cadence of the chant . the wave come and he catch it quickly , and slip he foot into the duct tape pocket . he miss one pocket at first , then get it in . he ride it carefully and at the right moment slide up to page 78 of 81 the top and execute a full 360 degree turn out of the water . on landing back on the downside of the wave , he slide down it quickly , and then turn around with a deep cut and head straight into the wave . at the top he bounce and do a complete back flip in slow motion . we see the crowd also in slow motion . aokee be cover he eye , he can not watch . alex 's face be contort with disbelief . various face in the crowd be in open-mouthed disbelief . the judge be stare intently , focuss so as not to miss anything . robbie land the flip , and ride the rest of the wave . he wave to the crowd , and kick off , exhaust . the place go nut . no one here have ever see anything like this before . aokee and alex run into the water and help he out . people be still cheer . cowboy know he 's in trouble . the judge confer only momentarily and the score 10 appear , and the word concession start flash along with the word winner . cowboy nod in agreement . tiffany say something to he , and he appear angry . we can only hear part of he response , something like : cowboy ( disbelief ) you do what ? aokee and alex lead he up to the grandstand . cowboy also make he way up there , and we see he talk to big mike . big mike nod in agreement and cowboy go to the mike as the crowd settles down . cowboy ( cont 'd ) as last year 's surfer King , it 's my privilege to present this year 's trophy to the most amazing surfer on the water today . Robbie ! congratulation . cowboy shake robbie 's hand , and robbie speak at the mike . robbie ( hold trophy ) I just want to thank aokee , Alex and Katie for all they support . we see katie clap , cry . aokee and alex be clap and smile . robbie ( cont 'd ) and I have just one thing to say to everyone in concession . we did it ! robbie hold the trophy high as everyone cheer . page 79 of 81 fade to black . 72 ext . early evening surf wave pool 72 Grounds kid be stack chair in preparation for final close . tarps be be throw over everything and tie down . awning be be take down . chair and table be be move . we see jaffa pack up he CD 's into that cardboard box . he also snap the winter cover for the sound equipment into place . 73 ext . moment later - evening time out shack 73 a banner hang over the time shack , " thanks for another great year " . alex , robbie , katie and amy be clocking out for the final time this summer . they all stop and look around one final time . suddenly tiffany drive up in she convertible . tiffany another summer go . how about it Robbie ? you gonna guard next year ? they could use you help . they all walk closer to she car . robbie I do not know ... we have a pretty good time at aokee 's . tiffany you know , that 's what I hear . maybe I should work there next summer . alex , robbie , katie and amy all say this line pretty much at the same time . robbie you would not like it ... alex that 's a bad idea ... katie and you be such a good guard ... amy you would be miserable ... tiffany maybe you be right . see you around ... eddie appear out of the time shack wear he tuxedo t shirt . page 80 of 81 eddie ( almost sing ) Tiffany ! he walk up to she driver 's side . tiffany ( feel charitable , warmly ) hello , Eddie . eddie show there be nothing in he hand , then reach into the car and from behind tiffany 's ear pull a plastic Easter Egg out . he hand it to she , and she open it . a beautiful butterfly fly out and away . she be momentarily entrance . tiffany ( cont 'd ) you know , that 's one of the most beautiful thing I have ever see . ( pause , think , what the heck ) hop in Eddie , let I give you a ride home . eddie wave he hand for her to scoot over so he can drive . she be surprised , but do , almost reflexively . he get in and he look at alex , robbie , katie and amy grin broadly as he pull away . alex , robbie , katie and amy just watch in stunne silence as eddie and tiffany drive off . alex ( collect himself ) well . just another summer at Water World . the group begin walk toward the exit gate , as we go wide and helicopter upward . they get smaller and smaller in the shot as we hear the conversation continue . robbie you know Katie , I really be sorry I be such a jerk this summer . katie we will be go to the same high school . you will have plenty of chance to make it up to I . let 's see , there 's homecome , the Christmas dance , valentine Day ... and of course , the prom ... robbie Alex ? alex yeah ? robbie I be gonna need to borrow twenty buck . page 81 of 81 alex yep . we helicopter up for a final shot over the whole park . the end