" the '' treasure of the sierra madre '' screenplay by : ROBERT rossen from the novel by : B. traven first temporary white January 1 , 0997 ~ for educational purpose only - je ) L , cast 's dobb ---- eoward --~- curtin ---- copy = ---- locate mexicg -~ 1920 fade in . closeup lottery lis ? showing the win number draw in the rican nation - al lo 5 , 1024 , camdra pull bacx to _ thclude do S. he ig siovly tear a lottery * tickes * into bit . camera dolly ahead of '' he as he turn away from the list . the tribe of bootblacis thet people the street do not pester dobb . he be too ob= - viously on pas upper . eis clothes aro rag and dirty and he shoe break . he hes not hed a haircut in montis anc . tore be several dor grow of beard on he face . he stop of pass America : dobb : can vou spare a dime , brother ? '' os ' Tre arerican growl , move on . dobb surn , look after the dencrt figure . the amer fean flip 2 cigar - ette away . dodd ! eye follow its flight . close : the burning ot '' in the gutter . er 9 atte . one of the swarm of oot to debdb oull vais belt in a no continue on up the street . can : D. something debb see out of scune cause increase nis pace . he ' catch up with a anmericer be @ress in a white suit . dobb : brother , can you spure a dime ? 's pocket , sake out a@ toston ino be so snpprise by this act doesn 's 's even say thanks . for roote look at the coin so he hand around it , malce . n he pocket , he cut across ith he to a tobacco stand £ cigarest , then ! aowall resteau - runte - : White suit fi and give it of generosity several monent in he palm . a fist . put pp wae yee dissome abe = dobb at a table . he have just finisn eat . th proprictor be serve he with coffee . — . dobb : fow much ? proprietor : : trionte contavo . dobb pay with a toston . then he take a black paper - od cigarett out of though newly purchase pack , light up end site vack to smoke ond enjoy he coffco , a little boy , barefoct , in rag cotton pants ana a tear . shirt , enter through the open door of the restaurant drané - . ishing lottery ticket . : : , . boy : . michoacan State lottery , senor . dobb : beat it . I be not buy ony lottery tickess . go on , beat it . : . . boy : : four thousand peso the big prizo '' ( he pull ut dosbv ! . coat siecve ) dobb : '' you Little bagga >. oy : be only four psso , a sure winner . . donbs : I have not get four peso . boy : ' buy a guarter of a ticket for one peso silver . tne boy pull at he pant loge ys ( not move ) then one tenth of 4 for forty centavoss tieke , sanor , ~ prnsemanne niet 4 ( cont . ) se dobb throw the water into the boy 's faca . not bor leugh , wipe the . waver off with he sleeve . tne pram prictor comc back with the cnenge . dobb tip hin cinco centavo . Tho proprietor go back behind he counter . . : we : boy : '' - ( eyo on though change ) senor ougnt to buy one swontioth . one twentieth cost you only twanty contavo , loo’ , senor , add the figure up you get thirteon . what better number could you 's suy ? it '' a suro winner , on dobb weigh the coin in he hend . dosss : how soon be 's the a@rawin g ? boy : only threo wook off . dosb : Ali vicht . give I the tvon go I do not hava to look at you ugly fsco any longer . Tre litvle merchant tear off sheet , hand it to dobr in ¢xenan boy 2 excelente , sonore ( bite on coin to seo if it 's good ) . uclas gracias , senor . core o£ next time . I alvay heve the winner , all the lucky number , buena suerte , good luckt off he nop , like a_young reboit , after another pro pecsive customer . doob finish coffee , push back nis cheir end rise . - he let jis belt cut threo notchese : wh : ext . re camera 1 gtreat to the pis devm on ene of th ench beside an~ out bis cimarotbe , put a not n 2 old . a boot ( cont inutd ) ok . 5 ( cont . ) . : dorb : '' ( to he companion on the bench ) cigarette ? ( he extend she pack ) : the man take one . dobb give he a lign with he own e . - . curtin : thanks . curtin teke o.lieng drag , inhele deepir , then blow smoke out of he mouth snd noso . he look to the in he late twenty -- adout ten year young than dobos . Fe have a strong , hard - bitten face with a slightly crooxea nose . lio donb , he could uso a haireut , . dobb : '' hote . curtin : yeah dobb : m sone tovn tanpico . curti : iop . ore off my foot soon doab : 1b omy way up El higo last week . n a@ camp where any work 's to bo have . I tricd 'en all . you be toll be clos g eee Moro company ovm all the time . guy e noe I have tmov work stendy for " the pest 's be come back from tne y Way ? = do not sav viorld need oll .... a man ine vhite 's follow the bench . dobb ? eye ow 5 ( sont .1 ) 66 _. prise into speechlessnesse - Ho look un from the coin '' dn he palm to the white suite man on the wire boot - 4 the scisso sa. . : dobb : . ir iwas '' mex I would buy of can ef shac polish and go into business . they would never let a gringo . you can sit on . '' a bench threo - quartor starve . you _ean beg from another gringo . you con '' ' oven commis burglery . but try shin - ing shoe in the strcet or solling . -= lemonade out of a bucket and you bash '' kes sottle . yould never get another '' job from awhite mane : eo . ' cirting . '' '' ' youn , and the native would hound end . pester you to death - ~ oo ' dobb : * : -. met . ( gatting to he foot not ' it 's a hell of 2 country to ba break in . ue my sd - curtin : . tell I the country thet be not . * dobb turn away prom the bench . close shot ind stand se suit be read & paper wo 's enter scene . the man in though get a shine - dobb : brother , can you spare a dive ? '' White suit take a toston . out of he pocket , give it to dobss . for the second tino this aay , dobb be sur ~ dlack stand . the latter 's foce ig hide by the news ~ paper . dobb thrust the coin into he pants pocket , turn on :his heel end march ofte . - : t ext . OPEN - AIR barber shop | close shot dobb . laying aside he razor , the barber in barber chair ndle end dobb ! position change from hori - oa + t push a hea zontal to Ho hold no . 4 mirroy be put into dodd ! mand various angle , study tno effoct cl } kr a be a 3 of 2 orb a -. 's on the . bac eli 8 ) ( coreeined ) 7 ( cont . ) : . dbarbsr : . : algo on el polo , senor ? pura qua quede bonito so ( not show dobt : . a pottle ) . mo -- dobss : Te : . ct guanto vale ? St ep , barber ? . quince centavo . . - dobb frown sligtsls , vebating msolf whether to :° in@ulgea in this oxtravegance . diuy bonita aroma . _. , dobb : olay . . oo be douss he head libera ir . dobsn usc | the hand egein , rosult bo much to hh 's like '' ad goin 's . && ° @ finei ris ppl 3 isse vi ! be customer nostril , the oaroc . eo prom a> dooh ! neck , 3 air % iv parsor he one contin to himsclf wate the ' ba : ge , end mas that he coive a 7 imurossion , for a be nore thea . liberal wa t come tc tipping . barper : gracias , senor . como again . dobb issuss menner be rat ? San though ch $ be ' bente as he wa apposrance . his sho glance ocldsr . eo 4t to fall on a pe al whose swarchine nnot ba hide '' or povaer on she face iening dobb ! lock , show interest , su pnde as sho give . nin the once - ove ryoond soe n cf he clothes . dobdh turn _ not girl go into a & sign in to waten per tworst cory hou '' Spanish for ee tossos the . toston in he . turn it to ris p down though strect , 2 man ina white euit go directly up to a Te 7 ( sontel ) . bob : to tha white suit ) can you spare a dime , mister ? . wnite suit reacre in he pocket , trkes out a tostone dohos reach for it . but White suit kaep the pleco botwoen he tingers . : white suit : listen , yous such inpudence never come my way as long as I cen - - ronombor . : dobh ' stant uttorly perplex while the stranger continuo . : oo . . white suit : . early this afternoon I give you a . toston , when I be have my shoe polished I give you anothar toston now , once again . do I a favor , will you ? go occasionally to soma= - cody olse . this be beginning to -. ges tirasome dobe : C Excuse I , mister . I never . roalize 's that it be you all the time . I nsver lock at you Pace ; only you mand and at the money you give I . seg parden , mister . I premise you I will not put the bite on you egeine e white suit G last you get ~ n < 3 wd og ° x 3 a ct gt '' cr ° a ct ° os ~~ / dcbr : sure , mister -- never egain will I -~ _ white surt : . _ just to make sure you will not forget ~ ' you promise , hore 's another toston ' sc you will eat tor-crrow . dobb '' ( take it ) thanks , mister , trankss ~ / writd suit : / but understand - for now on you be to try you best to mako you Way in life without my assistance . {cor be. , 7 ( cont .2 ) ( and the gentleman go he war . dovos clink the two ~ - goston tesether thoughtfully , then.turn on he heol ond start rapidly up the street ho just come town 8 . |. ext . waterfront , opposite ferry landeig dusk 2h dolly with dobb as ho walk slowly along , he . re a cantina , , nny aucic of a plarsr-piane . the & tyvo sailor come out . . cal cr + listen to the $ 1 swinging door cron .. . - : brothar , can you sparcecsee ? taey push past he and cre go . Ho be about to start on when the deer open 2 second timo and a man , very tall and bulky , appear . - 0 - : . dobas : cen you spare a dine , brothor ? . . mc cormic 's ( of ( anterrupse ) - I we not give you a red cont , but if to seme money I will sc cormick ; ob for yeu if % go . +. ho cornick : the ferrr 's make cff and ono of my mon aasn 's show up . = do not know — whatt hanpen to nim . hel probably filthy drunk in some cive . : . po bss : what 's the pay ? . { , . : : do. '' ( continued ) a ) 8 ( con . ) : : : mc ccrhick : eient nuck , amerieen , aday . grub go off on you expense ... Weil , do not just stand there . hake up you mind . you kave to cemo the way you ava . no time to get you clothes or anythin tac ferry do not wait . , : : . dobb : ss - I be you man . so , . the huge fellow take dobos by the arm . camera pan a : ho hurry he acrvess the stroet toward the ferry lanc - ing . . : a 7 , . : - '' about a dozen ish stand in the semi-darimess . eccormick and dobh enter scene , mecormick start count headg . sebc rocegnize one of the gang as the man with whom ho hee conversation cn the bench during the morning dobe 's to hollo . * : oxay , fou guy , get asoardsy they move to obey i * dissolve to : ext . a clearing in ti jungle ' about fifty man ere at work rigsing & camp , amongst then dobb and curtin , they be engage in the eroc~ tion of a dorrick . dohe , one leg snake- fashion arour & cable , grab the heavy board that be swing up and volt they , curtin help the bring the board into position . sweat ia pour off then . from time to time thoy groan over they exertion . over -scenn 2 veice : " goma and get be . " doht and curtin pull selve up , straddle a wooden girdor and wipe the out of they cyos . ghoen , hank over hand , they gi down the esble . thay start over to whore a lin of I be formin necormick fell into etep with then . cre wnat 's the matter ? can 's you two take it ? ( 66822 go 10 ( cont ) Little groaun of mony 10 , dobe : must be a hundred end thirty shade and there be not eny shade up on the dorrick . what the devil . | t figure rou 'tre a couple of aire in you own private steambath . the sooner velre throu rt 1 the sooner we will bo back in town drink cold beer . {he lower he voice . confidentially if we finish within two week I be go to give reu fellow a bonus . dobb : : it 's ceme the we , work sixtoen , eignteen hour a day like we do . hc CO . rulck : now do not start cry fer you ' mother . whaat do you want ? I be pay ten salerios and a bonus . not see yet , Pat . wast would you ef nith none y be anyviay excent Zarnolo lese ite you will set pay as will step off the ferry ...ee . dissolve to : li. ext , waterfront ferry will . 1l ( cont . ) UNC cormice : he egont be suppose the be here ith it . I do n's know what coulda havo happen . thing to worry about , though . I will go over to the office and pick it up myself . : fpull dobh aside = lower he vcice ) suppose I meet you two in about on hour at thet cantina right off the Plaza , any objection to we go along with . '' you ? . . , mccormick : oo ( suddenly angry ) wnat 's the mattor , dent you trust I ? do you taink I would run out on you ? dobas : . no , Pat , I do not think you would do a thing like . thas , but I haventt get & cent , oven the buy mo ea iss or one glass of beor , no cormich : = . . take somo money out of he pock ) eere 's ten pose . that ought to hole vou for a hour , ( not take he watea ous ) it 's a quarter to two . till be at thet cantino no later than three eofclosk , . eo turn and '' further objeci o¢s abruptly off before there can de any lons '' . : oo clock over cantina bar it say 5:30 , bartender be vgice : {over scene Pat mccormick , si. timo to tine . Ho come i here Ho soc he latel . camera pull bach to include dobb , guertin , the bar tender and@ one othor customer , : , 12 ° ( cont . ) age man y gun ) pav hea. at % Pat - mecormic . . dobb : he be suppose to meet we here , . , customer : dee ha owe you any money ? dobb nod . custoier : fow long you gey oeen around * pampice anyway ? curtin ond dobos cock they hoadsa et the other mane scowl appear on they face . . . oan : dowbs : ourtali : eow do sou moan ? dumb guy like you mon the tine come for he to pay off , he take & powder . . ( not throw back he need and laugh ) curtin and dovss scowl at each other . then they lock at they poor . curtain murmur something under nis preath that be prooably unprintable ; then : curtin + how mach we get Left cut of though a 2 we , nobnsie ? . he pocket ; count it . ry dobb tale money out of D oo St este six - piftyy , 12 ( cont 1 ) 13s ! -sit , half undress , on they cot . curtin : . ( mutter again ) : : not ever enough for cne bod . '' dobis . I know a joint be we can get cot —.. for fifty centavo a night . it 's full of rat end scorpion end cock= roach , but oesger can not bo choosor , - dissolve ' to : — SE int . oso negro slesping quarter camera dolliz ahead of dobb end curtin as they move down the narrow aisle between two row of cot on which mon be sit or lie . ' we ovsrhear scrap of con ~ versation . first nan : . I be in on half a dozen oil doom . be 's always the samo story . one day the price vor barrol gee dewn two bit . nobody ynews why . it just dee . and though next dev it 's down another tuo bit . and so on until , after = couple of week , job that be a dime a . gozén be not the bo have , sna the street be full cf guy push cach cther for a meal . dobb and curtin nave find they cot by this time and heave bogun the undress . another conversation be tating piaco in the far cornor of the room betweon throe Americans . one , a clderly fellow whese hair be begin - ning to snow whito , be lie on he : cote tne other two , . howard : ss ( the old man ) : gold in Mexico ? sure there be . mot ten day from here by rail and pack train , a mountain 's wait - for the right guy to cone along , discover she treasure and thon tictle she until she let himhave it . the question be - ou the right gure ..? Real bonanzas and far between and thoy take nding . answer ' you ? ayl gold ; buck per cunce ? ( continued ) hae 15 ( sont . ) oon because dobos end curtin , undress , listen to the old mony eqward : a thousand mon , say , go scarching . | for gold . aftor six month one af tem ts lucky - one gut of the theu~ sand . his find vepresont not aly > he own ledor but thet of though nire hundred ninety - nine other to teot . " six thousand month or iity yedra of : serabdbling ovor n ntnin , go hungry and thirsty , 4n ounce of gold , mister , be worth . the human lcbor '' waat it be beacause cof at wont into tha -find ond the get of be , never thought of it just like thet ... : howard : there 's no other oxni in itself , gold be not goo thing much soxcept to mato ond gold sesth . go they aro silen fer '' while think 2 as the old m eigerctto snd lich resumoss - ( he hes look in when you go cut you tell yourselz '' > " inql be satisfied with suenty - pive thousand handsome smacker worth of it , so help I Lord and cress my heart . " Fine reosolugion . '' after * month of 's . ..° grew she 5 ing nothin , oy thousand a not fteen , until finally you & I pind just five thousan and iii y flve theusand 's a helluva lot , - : : , ( contented ) 135 ( cont .1 ) - here in tne oso negro it seem like a lote but i’ sohl you , if you be to make a real find , you could not be drag awaye dodd and curtin havo stop undress to listen to ynet the old man be sayin . equard : , , 7 iot oven the thrent of miserable death would ston yeu from t add ten thousand more . and you would reach twenty - five , you would want the make it fifty , and at fitty , a hundred - ond so on . like at roulotte _ eee just one more turn . always oe ci more you lese you senso of value '' and you character change entirely . you 's soul stor deing the same as it be vefcre : poBas : 9 the restrain hinsolf ) e like that with I . io . . 1g take only as much as - : ges , oven if there be million buck werth ly - no the be pick up . '' el eter loox ct ain amining co , the so . he oye & not be interrupt . howard : I have dig in Alaska , and in Canada and coloraio . I wag in the crowd in british honduras , where I make my beat fare back here ond almost encugan over to cure mo of a fever I would catch . I have ' dig in California an@ Australia ..¢ we all over this world practically , and : I kmow want selé dee to mon 's soul . second . fan you talk like vou strike rich 7 somo time cr other , how avout it , pop , do you ? : ( continued } .@ontt you kid far-away look come heck in Howard 's eye , and h second mak : taen how come vou 'rs sivting here i this jeint ~ scwnwand out er ? nm ward ? .. '' gold , my young man . ' that 's what it make cr we . nover know a prospactc >- that die rich . if he make a . fortune , he 's sure to blow it in try to find enother . I ci not no . excoption to that rule . oo. : ( not shake nimsel ? though to. throw off past menory ) . to sure , I be a old gnaw bone now retke no the spirit be go - I be all ses to shoulder a pi ekaxe & shovol agein ony cime somecody 's willing to share expen nsese tia nether ge all oy nyseit . gnatis the bost way ees gcing it tome or eourse , youtve goz have have '' the stone fer lonel incas . lot of guy so nmucty with it ef 's ius xine ae . ass without que 2 ar accuse ench of of pp lms y wand su or say . 4s the neblo brot noca - ww 412 rest , tet ween the pile pogin to.grow , that 's waen the trouble stare , . curtin : he , new , I woulda’ : mind a Little of that kind of trouble . firs ? man ? Mo neither , brother doess : think ttid go to sleep and grean 's of gold vetting bigger can 14 . bxt , plaza close shot curtin and dobb af they meet . it ls obvious by , on the bench whore first % no luck ass com they way . they appearance tha . dobb : . do you believe what that old man . oo , who be go all ths talk in . the oso negro the othar night say . -- about gold change a man 's soul Te so 's he be not the same person he : be before find 1 % ? curtin : ( after of moment , thougntfully ) guess that depend on the man . dosb : exactly what I say . gold do not carry any curse with it , it all depend on whether or not the guy who find it be a rignt guy . curtin 's eye be catch esrid hold by somsthing out of scznz . ha be no longer listen to doob , dobb : ( continue ) - the way I see it , gold can be as much of a dloss a3 4 curse . curlin : - eey , dobdbdsiol donbs : - yeah ? curtin : look at vhot come out of the Hotel bristoleovsis that Pat mccormick or be i.seaing thing ? dobb : it 's hint CUT to include mccormick as ha stroll in the direc~ tion of the Plaza . < a kexican dame by he side be -- flash 6 low - cut gress , a silk parasol and consider — able phony jewelry . : . curtin let 's get he . let 's get nim hard , . . mecormick stop in he track as the two rush toward nin . - - . . ( co his extrema two man prom das8 '' " 18 % mccormick : helic , boy '' go a grink ? ow be you ? dlity have the effect of keep '' affab > 28 sailing rigat into he , he addrass the rccormick : perdoni snlucksy dear , mis vida , I have get som business to attend to witn shesa two gentleman , you go back into the hotel and wait , z wontt be long . . he steer ner back toward the notsl . | . hgcormeck : unos minuto nomas , chiquita , she disappear into tas lobby , he face dobb end curtin . the drink tvo drandisse mccormech : let 's nave a drini . tit on meas dobb : - oxaye mccormt ( $o tag bartendex ) Three shot of rye . . gurpin : os : bake mine brandy , 3 stare dosb : uecor 's hich Rye be good enough for I - sy be pus down before 's them kccormick : - _ well , boy , I suppose you be win - vhat money thatls fact be navantt t'11 take you bow tnac , itill go thron , by londey ( ce . ~o 14 ( cont . 1 ) '' have nccoratc : ang we can set cause Friday . hava you dboy vith my again ( cont ) . well , _ here 's mud in you eye , they all drink , he reacnss for tha bottle , in curtin on mick swing mecor : mole . to balance , let 's say , tha mic curlin : we want what 's come to we , and wea want it rignt here and now , : mccormick : do not I just get through cern : your ~ _ curtin : be better com across , Pat . hcocormick : tell you wast I will do , boy --- of next weck . urtin : mge do . hora and nov. een you owe we om = swoar you vor ? out of ner . tno carrion . dobb : if youlve get any idea adcud get - ting we liquom6 éé up --- : mccormick : g you to ' nave a the mead with it , cuz 33 at dodd , dodd auch be stare atver i tha capti ~ youtli heave to 3 . iad to bms ch hoe oe a 40 ) aun I will give you twonty - pive peroont .enm - on , I reckon i can make iv tnirty . sdi9 ty 14 ( cont ,.2 ) vorn of hunger , loser , sus sinally the huge '' collapse and goss down , nov to get up again . be both 's on snut and he face be & missharen 3 '' + mccormick : : ( begging ) . Im lick ... I be lick . 72 give we we money . . - dobb : yean , giva we we money . - hey rain kick on he whilo he fecl olindly for he - pack pocket , produce he wallet , : hccornick . I cantt sa@ese . . . dobb take monoy from though wallet , count ow come to hinself and curtin , then he throw to the bartende > , . > tosb : . ( to the bartorder ) for the uss of you cantin . to sup } como on , let 's beat it betera though law arrive , shey stumole out through the rear goor . lap dissolve £ 0 : 15 , water fountain mon in the water . . you ymow something , curt ? curtin : . my wonat ? . * : around we wer ge - on the guy for fraignt cara and - 15 ( cont . ) 7 ? ) camera pull back to close shc2 of dobb and curtin , ~ . . . | curtin : - . : , a that 's right , get any idea ? ~ lol , I . . : 7 - pdos23 : a - yeah . that ol@ man in the oso ' " - negro start mo thinicinge = , : : curtin : es of + J what about ? : yo : dobb : ts Way not try gole digging for a : enango . it 's no riskier than to oe wait round here for anothor ~ od ty - break , 4nd this be though country : . mn . vinero the nugget of gold aro uo ' , just ory to you to take they yo , . . /. out of the Ground ani make they : be , ' . shing in coin and on tre for 2s and neck of swell dame . . in = . ema tas ou . tompicss 3 the old man would know . dobb : tne sooner we leave vhe botter . 's vine weltra on we way ithli be : like invest we moncy . that : * '' 9 ole man could give . we some nointer : het too old to vake Co. . 's , of course , wold have carry he on we back , : vy you can not + a old guy . tf how cough th il asout somo of that st ere ( conbinzd ) — _ — — — ee . oso negro do0 bss , curtin and the cld a little . boy , barefoot and raggec , be move € aislo by though 's row of cot , ( coat . ) whaas goié look like '' in the grounc . itve only scen it in shop window and in pocspist mouth , do you krow anything about prospect ? dobb ; not much , come right down to it , - we might have real use for an’ ex - perience guy like that old timer . dobb maybe youtre right . lett go hunt he up rignt awey . SI son . to : serl kan be . in £a huddle at ward ox pipol on the sack of a magezine ) I have get three nuner american bu ready casn hore in the dank . apve of they Tim all set to invest , tts the last money it have in worlé . after itt go itm finishseé up . but , if you dontt take a risk you cantt n Z much dough heve you ' guy ° ' buck and lottery buy a ticket for i ional w= one hundred < -- 4 % big prize , 17 . ad» i at debd , then he pive hnunére duck --- enougn to buy tool and weapon anc moe most essential provision . dobb : weapon ? what do we need weapon Tor howard : tt hardly 2 beast one thing . wetll kill we own . and bandit be another ... we ought to have anywey six hundred buck between we . dobb : tnaat much , eh ? . * howard = . cantt you dig up any more ? . dosb :, not 2 red cent . n@. oso negro another angle féw foot avay from the three man the bey sell y y S ottery ticket stop in he track anc stare push 5 th porwarg.e £ boy : give I my money , senore - -- ven percont Zor have sole you the prize-winn ticket . dobe = ( misunderstanding get avey fron I , boy : - please , senor -- it be the custom . whoever draw the luclqr number always giv ent to the. seller of v. ; rf you do not é0 it you will have bad luck for the rest of you life . . ( he take hold of bob 's coat ) dobb : I tell you T do not want any lottery ticket , . . ( 's uddoniy hearing though kid ) what ? vinowt that -- 2 ? of inter ( continued } | '' lt ( conte ) . re say you a win tickes from t a memory flash tarox 4 doob ! mind . ea isan for - ward , peer into the boy 'l face , then he begin to ig . and claw in he sch pocket ... he produce a ke lostery tickat , unfoidc it and held it tovarc t boy . dobb ; . - here «- be this what you mean ? : boy ° oo ( in svanish ) tio sl , senor , sicee dobb : you sey it 's a winner ? no boy : ( in Spanish ) Si , senor -- 4 two hunére peso prize . + por and nol for dobos to see ) dare - seven ~ two - one» dobx ( snout ) my aunber ! curdin : sura eno . dobss : . just that fat , rich , prin two hundred peso 's though sugar pana like . ome , sweet tle smacke pos . ( not take a dilt out of he : pocket ) fore 's you present , soany boy , with my oless . boy : ( alk smile nov ) mucho gracias , senor . ( not exit on the run ) ( con tinued} ( yy 18 . 5/20/47 25 . closer dobb 4 currin dobb : {extends he hand to curtin you want to shee the hand that pought this ticket ? . curtin take dobb by the hand . . curtin : i congratulation . ' dobb : so ( pump curtin 's hand ) congratulation yourself . you stand to profit by this same as I do . : curtin : eow go you mae that out ? : deab2s : nen say have need a thatts how much oo rarr ie curlin : Way should you be pp dobss > this be a all or nothing propo ~ - . ef we wane & find wall pe lignt we cigar with hundred doliar bilis . and if we nit , the difference between what I be put up and you be put up be not to keep mo from veing right eve twas nalf a hour ago , = a osnch with the seav of 's > santse . ( once more he nolas hand out ) ne eee dartnarve so pus ter end ag > ) . 19 . 20 . _@raw on the map -- fade in an set . long 2 the erid mountain of durango . calera euil back to : ind , day coach ' crowded with Indians and mestizos . caidra move up the aisle to a close shot of dobb , toward and curtin . dobb be asleep . Howard cnd curtin be pecring es a map the 616 man be hold on nis knce foward be nos and dot over small soction , . howard : t welll buy we bueros at perla and -) . head Northeast away from the rail . _ Road . it 's no use look anywhora noarby & railrosc or any kind of a road st all , because construction engineer make it thoir business to examine every dit ground around tha road while thoy be building ' thom . we have to go where theral no rileewanere you can ba sositive no surveyor o> anybody who know anysh about prospect have ever be before , dost placas era that wi 's on salary woulénit '' sc he wouldnt tain it be while to risk he nido , all of a surden thé brake of the train aro apply , so violently % people be flung out of thoir seat . scarcely have they picksd thonssivos up vhan 3 : kmocksd dom a nm . he car wheel sevoam on rail . Tho train stop cnd a babble of voice begin , a voice : que pasa rh ? '' parece dus cnoc el trone over scene come the SOUND of scattercd firing , : vorcn : 7 ... no es choque . Son bandidos , est n agaltando cl tron , : 4a numor of though woman and som of though man begin to pray . Howard inake a grab for he gun and dobb and gurtin follow suit . . howard : ( show ts ) Zonens2 al piso , pronto . do - barry , drdonto . . ( eouct cois 20 ( cont . ) ' 21 . '' Tho three partnor fire . steed : and now th qne native - pullot best through its window . . long shop ext . traiv shoot ‘erough window Tho area be strewn with boulder , and from dbohind thos nearby 's though track little nuff of smolss aro rise . th partror firo they ravolvor whenever thoy see & som - brero 's . all at once the bandit aro up , racing tovard the trai ly through the train window and several of the bandit go gown . f# pow rea the coach and be kill ov wounded vhnilo try to en shat the attack will be a failure be apparcnt clmost a soon as it segins , hsefore shoy have cover he the or so tance moss of the bandit be hugging tne grour pet 2 ing cover . 1. mon coe we ceach be ci and gallon along hundred yard or nim done , presontz govt vo yroir sericusly hurt , at aro insneeuwseé and '' ganger shrous the passenger and zt one family . slap gach other 's back . a bottle of moscal make the round . everybody be talk at once . . doeb : I get this of tom , you can erodit mo with throo . ~ | : ( to curtin ) . : '' how many do you get ? curtin : 4 couple I guass . dobz : I be one up om you , curtin to Howard bot you didatt get aid , pon . _ T gos or shoot , on ? CD co 23 . 21 ( cont , ) . bobas : ( cond . ) ( ho point to a groove on the sido of though window from wnich ha be fire ) eoy , look ! ons hit vight by ny . ear not two inchos away , Close . curtin : : ' the bullet be suro come thick and fast . for a wninuto it be like & swarm of bee in this coach . : dobe : that bandit in the gold hat though rodeo he horse along side though train --. I ha&é my sight on he nico as you ploase , bus the train give a jolt and I missoc ; dammit . suro wish ita get he . £ passenger come evoryono con hoer heac of the train a by og oo '' if of haa oe g3 a,0 4 Soldiers on though roar , and they be hot inany passenger Howard ha a the map up from the floor and sas com with it , ss mge it across he knee , out com eowsard : ( as though nothing of momont have heppencd ) here 's whero wotr bound for --- she about , i eantt make ous provorly on this man wy swamp , desert om whe the maker of the map themselves dont know for suze , one on the svot all we hava to do be wise we eyo and look round we . yeoh , and slow we nose . believe it or not , I unew a fellor once could smell gold liko a jackass can cmoil a , 22.6 , ARD , curdein , int . general spos staple groce oman lining tao aus a7 hang from ac S though open doo of of y partnor . Howard , he mp out , be lean convorse ' in spanisa with the storokcopar , a ly man with gray hair and bronze faco . a little way off , try to fcllow what be bo dobos roam arourd though steve try on article . , storekeeper : |. oo a cinco dias hay un rio . . 2 liuy cauduloso on el verdno , . . : pero soco en ol inviernd - - . howara draw the river on tha map . : storeiesper 7 '' continue : alld hay montana muy elta , quo las nuoss . torrano poligrcso . que aorirss paso @ machoto y . poptilo y insoctes aso pi sal . tambien hay tigros muy qua pucdon errastrar a un burro y baste subirio a un ardol . sete from the stock --- 48 pe aly boot , over so though counser 3 roolton to ive day from hore thore ? 's a river t's dry in the winte Beyond . mat river the coi 's very wild and a zitsus '' rise above of ' cloud end '' we way througa ro full of doadly thé valley with insoct and huge snake , and forocicus tiger so big and strong thoy can clinb : : tree with burre in thair mouth ooe a boy onter . : .. wate ( contin good .eok talas avout causa it mean havo sow loot go , be few oucsicor 3tw '' 46 to . ( songintels meee 22 ( cont ) ~ : bot : : : os ( agui esta wi npimo con uno ma mo . bunz . 's quiorcn vorio ? howard : Te _ ( to dodd ena curtin -. taerat som burros nutsicoa lor we to s00 . : : . pan with they to though door , boyond which 'a nuxbor of - - purros be standing : : : dissolvs to : 23 , ext , mountain ~ lgng sho ? of though throo mon ant they purroseeneetiny move speck _in though distancos eta dissolve 20 : 24 , mo , shop . no wed clinring a steep ? slope '' lo be old man procood as though unwoary , 732d to moasur g§ out ondlo vnol accuste : he lag . 25 . dobb and cu garincss . doss they aro half fall , cantocn , opon iv . '' mouthiul of wave dobb ; . any gold in that wilh itv . . dobb : ss ly million a illton of year , " ~ :~ viontt 266 % . ctt we hurry . a couple of ovo op less : si not soiling to malo mich sfore ~ ' curd , romorber you say back in si. 25 ( cont . ) ( 7 '' ourein : ( cont . ) ~ : . tampico about acving to carry tao , .. old man on gur oack - not dobb : - that 's when I take he of > a ordinary human coo and not tha son of a goat . look at hin olizh , '' will you ? : 26 . . long shot move unvearyingly up though stoop slope . 7s we ue '' currie : ( grin ) want got mo be how no can go al2 day long under this water . dose . hot par goat I toll you , ( ce curtin : no water . iow he gocs gow con ono knoo to exam more closoly . 7 a dobb : | lt loox} ieok how be glitter ... — - . curtin knosl cow deside hime curtin : ( grawing in he : broatn ) - youn. . . . dobb : _. . ret 's yollow boo eee allo have eee teeseekixe gold . ( Cox : ( 26 ( cont ... ) 27 , dodb reach on though ground dobb : be 's all aroundess ( ho pour 's ' seme water onto a rock . - it in this rock . look , '' curtin , here 's a vein of . ' thoy area fairly prancing with oxeitomon now . . curtin : ( cup he hand , call ) Howard ! Howard , com baci here } ye 'vo find somothing . '' os close shop howaud & mour the sound of shoir volod . without when he CUT sach 25 : curtin and dos3 . snine vnat . + wetve st '' opazy , and prom oho wove strike . it rich . curtin : look likxo it . doob be splash moro wator out of he and oxclaim : , ye dobb . mayoo wolve fow eall it -- a mothor 108 high above tha other on 2 mountain , ee turn cv reine gold 8 lik . + be or I be ' look of thing canteon a wee 28 ( cont . ) ilowardé com2 crovting up . dodd sotze he by the / arm , . look , Howard , the ground ~- it 's full cof gold , and it 's in vein in though rock . Howard doos not even ovené over , '' hey wait for hin speak , tuli of oxpactancy . - no toward : - " ( finally ) . this hers stuff would not pay you a dinner for 's truck load , unless you could dim it rignt in front of . _- &@ building undor construction , it '' ;° - ain be good for anytnue but mixing with cement . there 's a long silonce , it aintt gold ? . -cnougn gold vo pay usa wagy '' . pore ish . Howard inssoct tha rack on & couple of nivcne . mo . howard : ocontinue ime you wiko it mich fov I bofore you go shing water arount , Water 's ; 8 it can be oven ous than solde cut & darro across . low dissolvs to tos 28 , 6/3/47 see right SMALL canpe Howard ne cook hardtack in the skillet and be eat . over scens the yip -yipod of coyoue halt waile a wollt give out with he long - drevn , mournful howl . howard : | hey , you feller , ; now about eat ' but net the of the ' inert cody tie with they back to the fire snow any sign of life ? Howard shake curtin by the shoulcer : . . h howard : how about eat $ : curtin do not want to ser rent to sléepe agein , o16 wipe he tou en . more lonely nee coyotes . 22in and three in the lead . they a> ine of country nove cattus . a wind up he hand , bes sguint at the ho > sake che pack off th urtin com upy 292 304 at least a cigarette . but v for breath . they eya have that then . : . 6/2 / : ST e4a6 . howard : Big wind from the North this : time of year . when they blow . hard enouga this desert country stand rignt up on its hind leg . he pull he bandana up so it cover he nosa ane mouth . dobos and curtin do likewise . the figure of man and beast become v4 , gue shape behind the wtain . or f1yin6 sané , then they ere ooscure tirely . long seot wild , desolate country ; , first we see no sign of life whatever , but presently there 's a movement end a stir in the thick uncerorush . mo . shot of the three % over which the no of ete try to open a ftreil *% they heavy y lozé , mar be shove wear and tear : wo ! I oo oo a & og ts es urpose .. ei 's muscle , be , weariness , ger oe erving to : diss tress , Howard lower bt it be a signal for curtin and dobt to 's i ning to the gro une . ara seize the moment to . '' bal a out making end ro he other tro simply lie nasp animal . dumbness to . . ( continued ) 31 ( yont . ) -n : ce ( ligh nis cigarette ) ~ reckon the only a few hundred . varc mor 0 be heavy sturl . . - '' protty soon v ught to ba gattius up to where rock amd nothing else . '' : two or three drag finish the cigarotte . ' Howard grind . 4 b out , then raise he machete . . hear the ring of the stocl as the blade 5 so , curtin try clindiy to imitato tna old man . Ho strike twice , fcabdly . there be a SOUND from dobos . he look around . bodd be cry , acéing tear to the mixture of svcat end ' plood that get into he eyo and roll off he chin . ee - tvs . bilasepy 32 . a eigh rocky flace far delow which flow a unending sea or brush . ( x you want to itm think ? : Tim tninice to give up -- . heave tha vhole outfit -- everything . S 40 osck to civilization . first closet when thunder my , what groat pro - two shoe clerk read - gole . or soush o. . tae rockics dobb : ( howling ) . . shut you trap . he pick up a rock , wave . begin to gance & goatisr es sh ( continu '' t'l2 smash you 32 ( go . ) wee my ( dance ! tarow it , bat savow if , go enesad , just do it . youta never leave this : wilderness if you dic . withouw I lo syou two _woulé gic hore . -+ + more : - biserebie than sict ratse dobb take a step forward , dut curtin restrain hin . no : gurtin : : : leave the old wen aione ~r cantt '' you soe hot , nut . not - eqwar : soot nut , oh ? : : oo : ( ie jough in a satenicsl a a way , kick & rook in he - dance . nut eam i. tah just tell thing , my @ fine oedfoll you 'roa so & there 's nou _ compare you not youtre & . taan the dunoest jackass looic at . ugcn other t do ya ever seo anything tike yourselves ror + q gust ope bo hotard + why you two arc so duro you aantt soe the rich youtre . trecd of * with you ow foot . thoy do not ges ava 's ucan right evay . Ho icick @ scone thea pick it up , throw Zz up , catch it , all . in the cour for nis dodpe and curtin Los et oacn obner , i mth : nal od , they knee , star be not ( corbeisve ) : 37s 32 ( cont .2 ) . . canera 3 U have poav , wear in its majesty rown of . a not ' dissolve tc : ee 35 - insert : of a Pan . ° the water turn in it . camera pull back to show E , ward pan dirt . they be near the cress of the mountetn now , at the piace Howard point to in the provious sceno , doob and curtin look on at what Howard be . do , they fece sober and intent . 0 ; so that 's the war e. not much gi plain sand : . howard : gola be not stone in a viver dede be go not call out to be pick up you get to imow now go recog : and the find saint ae long 2 you get 3 ko tickie be suensy ow curd % somo twenty coll a ounce } Tho old nex nod . . . doo358 : ow many ton will will edle to _ hencle a stack ? that depend vie bevter or two away we camo a nite & tes p manwaeeeet 33 ( cont .) 38 . howard : in case anybody happen by we can tell ‘em we be hunter and get away with it maybe ... we will cut bush and pile ‘em around the mine itself so it can not be spot from below dobb : I would sure hate to play poker with you , old - timer . howard : every so often one of we will have to go to the nearest village after provision . whoever go first ought to go all the time . that way they will figure only one man 's up here . if they _ find out there 's more than one they be liable to get suspicious . hunters usually work alone . curtin : would not it be a lot easier to file a claim ? howard : easier , maybe , but not very profitable . it would not be no time till a emissary from one of the big mining company turn up with a paper in hand show we have not any right to be here . { squatte there , he pick up some of the dirt , sift it through he finger . then he grin at dobb and curtin . ) how do it feel , you feller , to be man of property ...? fade out ' chino . . - ls der vwheil . a construction dosign to draw by moan of can and case , reise to a upper t from whence upon open a loci , the water be to back down a woodon sluice to the original tonk power thet turn though whecl be a burro . tha final nail have just boon drive and the moment ass errive ven the handiwork of though three partner be to be test . Howard harnass the burro to the wheol and kicit iu be though refr , sotting the wheel and system of tin can enc box into motion . curtin clizba to the upyor tank , acing himself accord to the speed of tha crude ac - — ] + ( pump eovara !s herd ) . hy het 's off to you . from now on | it 's you show , olé timor whet ~ at ever you say gee far as I be con - . : corn . . . . I sure hed so : about prospacyl ail it up end put carriea it to ( he laug we might burn ey the rocx and a 3 3 £ p eg ra} of I oo uv @q 6 fu ' of G ° fi a a can itd hate to happen to you be learn . pratsy soon I '' will not do bole to toll you anye - youthl '' now be all . 40 . 35 a ( cont . ) } . if there be any ireny in Howard 's voice it oscape dobnbdse . : : - howard : : to curtin ) tank full yet ? .- S curtin : right to the ton . howard : then opon up though sluice gata . : - curtin : he obey ena the water start run down the sluice . - follow howerdé '!s lead , deb cogin to wash the sant , > stry he bast to imitate the action of though old man . '' honard : like this --- do it . dose : b46 . individual closeup of the phrde mer - as they separate the sand from the gold . a a ° tiny flaxt cf gold ~ as the sand be wash avaye '' dissolve to : >» glitter a nexicen - es though procece of the cey' work be camera pull back to ae clcs3 sxc meget . wow three hat . '' of tes Howard neasuros dust onto the scalas curtin '. how much do you pigare lo . eoward : coa Close on to fiva thous worth . : dobss : whe n're wea go to 's - ing it ? . foward look at hin koenly . : . eoward = any timo you say + curtlii why divide it at ail . any point we be ail ble tos other , . not weit until we ges stuff , then just civid along enc ie git man b do resyonsiole own goods . souard = howard : I reckon T 'a rat : msy , ton. i revea't - 2 rosponsibility of guard . any too wolle ' treasure 1 . 5 ) " lnobody you ? how come ? they tno time core . the way suit ae you taller ela : . it be now . and co liar tart @ivid - I do not seo go back sae p for the '' the money ? 19 F have it that : tiko ding you the nase trust 37 ( cont . curtin gringe howard : I seid the most trustworthy . 4s _ , . , for be though t honest , no ono . can séy 's . . wt dobb : I do not get you . well , levt 1. no straight ain though face . oso you be charge '' with texing caro of though goods . £ 11 ' pight , I be somewhere dcop in the '' prush one day got timoer and ~ curtin here be on nis way to the village for provision . thatida be you big chance to pack up and woo ' leave we in though cold - a WD bbs : _ only a guy that 's 2 thicf at neart would think mo likoly to cdo e@ thi like that ! : - : no 1g 1 2 rs we 3 o '' poally : von to run hal +. of yous ' land string ' thacis why £ trustworthy we ory loox at it youlre right . x would bo dotter to cut the prom cced threo 3 te! 4 relicve pility you gon ( qonptnv=ed ) | 37 ( sont . 2 ) '' on 38 . y 59 - 40 , of 41 . '' full sko ? '' crere & toward = swoll by I . siter wotve get moro than a couple hundred ouncss it will be '' nuisanco t+ carry it around in littlo bag hang from we nock , so each of we will have to hide he snare of the treasure from though other two . and have dono '' he will have to bo forever on the watch in case he hide place be discover , a soe to dobb ; . waat a dirty filthy mind you hove . De " roward : : I '' ol kot ‘airty , baby , ko , not dirty . . only I kmow nat sort a2 idoas a D even supposediy decent poople . con get in they head whon '' gold 'ts at stak t lo '' _ dissglva & ee sc of the 5 tin over dodos ' ? head . dobb ! pick biting intc the rock over scene we hear dosba !. veice . dobb ? voice : ° fp ho grunt ) . whewl hots. gocgz -.-hote crack ib cz it lengthen by naif a inch . ~ es curtin érive he burro up though trail . ee be neul - ing water for tne van he unload though ourro , the water into the t , thon strrt back down the . trail . : : co , i. 43 . int . tunnel : dobb ' swinging he pick . ce '' orack in ceiling . se '' ts 4s twice 2s ion now as be foro , and with cach lor from the pick it get waece . ' 45 . curtin , . _ + a treil . , he teke a Ze . '' start nis burro down '' * stridos , hesitates , '' pack up toward the tunncl - '' on at the mouth of though tunacl he ecll to tr ofd ; man . — " currin : not mo t>2 spoll you ? - .. eoy , Howard , gard 3 . . peoy - . Tim thanks , not just get my second wine , : ( not turn around ; wi & movel he wipe th grimo out of he eye ) mm - gurtin move on to the next tunn sale there have be & of cave - in . tne ceil ing be nansing so low at the oponin ; shat there be nve cnuuga room for a body to pass curtin do not take tine <o yer2 for Howard but sterss claw rubole esicoe , he hos make a big cnoug open he wrigglos into the v mele 456 np . tunnel : dobos be hyi out '' the ts a i unconscious man lest he suceecd . 46 ( cont . ) : a '' . : : curtin : '' . a ( shouting ) . howardi Howard . mo : howard voice : _ yes ? . ' Tho ring of Howard 's pick against the stone stop . . corein : _ Cone quick . eowardd - ge old man come on the run . one look at dodb ! : tumnel tell he what have ho oppone . eo immediately g.e to work on dovbse howard : ( presently ) ee 's come around . . eis eyelid fli _thon open . dodd groan , mite till you howard 's funnel cave in on yous . doss = romember ) wee hess lt toll you I hear the arp play sure enough . ( ho sit up now , test he arm and leg ) ' , a , hboward : . lot . no prokene fee = : ' dobb : guess I be almost food as new . who pull I out ? . hovard= curtin do . ew howerdt voice ensver noliowly from inside the tunnel . 45 . 46 ( cont . ) '' thora be though SOUND of fall rudolo ena she ' three mon turn in time to suc though tunnel sealod off fer good . dobos shiver , shen ho streteass out he hort to curtin . oo poss : I owe you ny life , partner have : '' forget ite : 47 . | right ts a '' Howard be measure out the yellox ' sand into '' thro . equel ' part . cur and dobb follow he every mave .- prosonsiy it be divide . . .. - '' be and leave the circle of os $ b? 59 off int» the dark . the he. llgh begina to aley soitly - curse : - - shs what be '' go with '' . , you har old timer , when you ge ack and -- ea3hn in ? I be get siong oh , iocan still - oné when it comes.to a nerd ' ' aayz 's sork , but t eti not the - man iw once , end next year , see sas next month , next week , by . thunder , I wontt be the man I en todey . reeotcon [ ' 1 ) find - I some quict place t9 settio '' mesy > a@wne buy @ business reyoee ss a ( sg grocery or & har a store , _rand spend the bettor per ‘of , ny bimo rond the conic strip - and 2 adventure storey . one .< thing 's for sureeee L be not go to g» prospect again and ato uy timo end meney ~ try to | find another e534 wis aooub ytarsell ? ay be you plan , if any ? 3 " ( conrrmuzD ) SE agcon ge ) '' : : on + aq ) se . , I figure on ou al : . ' grow rruit ~ paachash maysa , ~ oy I howard : ~ note oi 7s ) howtd you happen to settle on : : peach ? '' 7 '' curtin : one sumner when I be a ide I . : work as a picker in a peach ' . will harvest in though sen joaquin Valley . '' it sura be something , Zundrad oo of people -- old and young -- whole . .- | family work together . after '. - the day 's work we uge $ 9 build ~ 's big bonfire and sit around 'o n and sing to guitar music , till =. -.- : vo , morning soretime . you would go to . a - sleap , wake up and sing and go to sleop again ' '' wonderlul z everybody hed a dobb '' coma 's yack into the light of though cam = . . : curtin : 7 rae so { ( coneinue ) . eee Zvar sing , I 'vo have a hank '' ' ing to have @ frulc grower . must be ex wasen you own tree cut on loaf , coma inte blossom and bear seeaton the fruit 's get big ané xin on ths dough , ready for pick ... dobr : vot what 's ell that about ? . ward : we . watve be tell each other what oo .' °, we aim to do when we get back . - dobb ; I now , I get it ell figure ous wnat I be go to do . a curtin : - tell we , dovddsia . ue dobb : pirst off I be go to the turkish . bath and sweat a soak till I get '' 's , : ell though grime ont of my pore . - ~ . taen ting >ogi and ! vo co cn , i'n gel cause be shave '' have fom dove mar out of ever . {corn een bl die } 47 ( contel ) dosb : ( cont . ) tle on the shelf . go to a haverdasher 's end buy rand new gucaesa gozen of every - thine . ané@ then itm go tos woll cafo~ - and if a ything be not just right , and maybe ir it be , - I be go to raise hell , pawl the ' waiter out , end have he take it deck ene mo ( he sm lle '' thoroughly '' - enjoy this ima ginery . scane et table ) . ' curtin : . wnat !s next on the progr vam ? . lobss :. jet waat yroula daeeea dame . curtin : . only one ? ~ '' po bbg : =e “e thattil ell céenand on how good sho be . mayda ona ~ maybe halt a dozen . . CUR Dark o> light ? g shot kind eyou knowsee - . if I wero you boy Zz wouldan *. talk or even thi ' eintt too good z doess : guess you be right , see % prospact be . so far off . howard : you lmow what 's . we ought to put some ki of limit on cur take . agree ostveen ourselves seat whon ( continued ) 47 ( conte2 ) '' howard : ( conse ) - , we get - exactly so much we pull . up stake ena beas ite : ouatt . waat do you think the remit | - ougn to be ? a howard : . oh , say twonty - 2i have thousand - @ollar worth cpiecee dobss : | twenty - five thousand ? small povesacss '' onatt '' curtin : - eow muck do you say ? : do33 :. ifty thousand anyway . soventy= five 's more cg ite - _ howard : ao take enother year at jeaste .s vein hold ous , which would not " lxely . o08 88 : or less when nis to bea madde . . ARD ? tronty-fivo 's pu emty far as Im concernsd «| . ore to onough to - last ook I out my lite Tim o5 ~ 5 ow . seg | . bobb : '' . , . sure , you be old . but itm still . '' younge I need couga and plenty ~ pit : '' 7 Los . curtin : - . twenty - five thousand in one . piece fg ' more and I ever expect . to get ny shend . ore : : : a ( continged ) lo. 80 , , 47 ( conte3 ) '' dobb : - hog be 3 Way , I would bo within my - rights if I gomand half egain : what you gete oo = curtin : 9 °° -- - how como ? : . dobz : " there 's no gonz . | be thore , I put up though lion 's suar of the cash ? | curtin : ... $ 0 , you do , dodosie -- and I a ' alvay mean to pay you backe * pob3 : . ee ( sointedly ) : in civilized place the viggost . investor always get though biggest return : : eovward : '' x that tg one thing in favor of the 1a36 to 30h suck '' out tle be id . next a hor , a cone if tidte , want ce tali nove ! '' and 3 st sit back ngs oasy and let you and ic of a bol watle - the old man telk , curtin‘usos the scale 's so : woign | ous 2 ' porth on of he duste : . eoward : . oo . ( continue ) ~ . eotd@ stand to roaiize a tidy sum eye on nis invastmont without so much as turn he hand over . if any - body 's $ 0 pot mora , I reckon oust to be tha one of ous Works ( cox ? rive ) £ 7 ( con .4 ) . throes mon shake hand curtin : ( give the dust to dobb ) theres you be , dodosio . what I ovo you with interest . dobss : ( he take the dust , woigh it in - he hand , then , with 2 sudden gos -- ture , fling it away 50 - that it fall , a little shower , into the fire ) I just do not like bo tell T a hog , thet 's all . . * eoward : ( adéress dodvb ) tm other thing eside , thero 's a lot |_ - + L of truth in whet you be say about bo young than mo and oelolote '' nood more douga willing to make it forty thousand aplocge I be - dovate ) make it forty thousand or six month '' howard : suit mo . okay , dobos ? , dobb : ( sourly ) . okay . howard : let 's shake on it thon . lemnly . th '' .0 7 by p ro} ° of on curtin get be goods . dissolve to : 52 . 48 . wight int . tent close seot on dobb ' . sleep , a bar of moonlight . across he face , over scene the scream of a tiger . he stir , turn over . the scream be repeat . dovos cpon nis eyose . thon he sit up , lean om a albove 496 howard blanket thoy're empty . awera pull back to full shot int - esriior tee be in he blanket gound asleene dobb frownse tor a moment dobos sit all the way up , throw back he wot , reach for he shoe and put they on . then , viexing up he rovolver , he movos mlo my 3 gizontly out of the ton and head seross the cause psiteae - Ho 's go perhaps 2 dozen sten when no hear howard come . he draw back into $ not shadow . when heward be searcoly three foct away , dobb step out , . suddenly confront hime . . dobb : . oe that you , Howard ? ; ( ss rovard ! you 6xg I like have ite arouse I go to os be ail rights — . : dobe : . . ( grunt skeptic - ee os elly , then : } sos : . howard : | . , whet 's the matter , bobpsie ?. dobe : : ae ' suro the burros '' we . _ howard : help yourself . ~ be walk evay in though direction of she s2e 1 53 . | as Howard ' enter . curtin stir curtin : se {to Howard , 3 reoptty ) , . what 's up ? lo mo ta howard : . _ nothing 's ude .t . : cartin see thet dobb ! blam ket aro ' anpty . / ee . , : curtin : -. can " mneret dovos ? : - * , _ eowapd : to ae ' poke ground ' in though dark out to . " thoros not _ dobb - rs ' coe . taxing sack of place -- & mole the sack aloude precious dust out of he hide moot a roc . Ho be count Ho give deck int . tent . , a Howard have get back in he blankdt . mist curtin : | loos ( continue ) ita go to have a lonk -sde + ext , tot camera pan troo , eo begin can nee ! . : 54. 540 not . tent . . eg dobos onter . he start to take he shoos off then notice curtin 's aosencGe | -- - dobb ; ( sherply ) where 's curtin ? howard : | out there some place . Ho say . something abous have @ look-soee again dood ! brow become furrow with suspicion . [ Te put he shoe back on , got up and be about to lceve the tent when curtin enter . he ' and dodd survey each other wordiessly . howard : - it 's come around to mo again , out ivon 's take my turn if you guy will quit . worry adout you goods and + wa get work to do tomorrowe dobos grunt , tu into the tente curtin drop gown on he blanketse issolve to : 55 a ext . the mind dobb a at the sluico , ard ane talk to himself .. . sodss : you can not catch mo sleaping : Don 's you ever believe that : it not so dumo . tne day you try to put anything over on mo will the a costly ) one for both of you at the over sceye 5s ! talk . .. " D of hoof on rock , dodd stop r4 pull back to show curtin drive two . dobvdos keep he face avert and cur - tin pass without any word be exchange . as tha . SOUND of the hoof fade , dobb restme he monologue . dobb : : * . any more lip out . of you and Thi pull off and lot you havo ite if you mow tis geod Tor you , you _wonlt monkoy around with frod cy» . dovd > '' - a 5s , 57 . you ui + at a turn of the trail . hoe come upon the old man repair a tool . . curtin : you ougnt to get a load or dobbsie . . : . het talk away to himsol ? a milo a minute : koward : ( shaking he hoad ) - ° semethe 's eat he . I do not lnow what . hot spolling for troudlo . lode curtin grunt , procasd on dovm though trail .:. dobb dobss : gaimiol king Howard ! s* voice ) on provist ore 9 dobbdsios % you to though villegeo . . ( thon as dodd again ) of '' + a nat fond wand think no be orésring howard voice ( gvzr scone ) what 's that , dodosia ? doob look up in surprise . cane pull . bacy to a closs sz0t of Howard anc dobos : dobe : . ' nothing . - foward : better look out . tit a bad sig . when a guy start talk to himsel ?... dobss : ( angrily } '' who olss havo T get to talk - to ?.. cortainly not you or curtine . Fine partner , i. must saye . howard : g up you nose ? the . ( continued ) on yd ) 57 ( conte ) co eouias rd : ( conte ) blow it out . it will co you goad . do33 + ( shout suddenly ) we the do not get tha ide you two be 4 ea put anything ovor on mu . : howard : '' tako it easy , dobhsio . toe ( still louder ) . . I know what you game ise . . howard : the thon you imow moro than 's I dow ~ a : dobis : : ( railing ) Way a I clect to go to the village for provision ~- why I insteaca of you or gurtin ? do not think i don soe through that . I know youtve = snrown . together against moe Tho twoday I would be go would jo you plenty of time to . discover where my dust be , wonldnt 1£ ? frowar £ you have fear along that lind , ly 's you take you dus along with you ? bosas : and run the risk of have ae take ' from I by bandit . cot '' koward : ~~ if you wear to run into dan rdit , youtd - be out of luck anyway . thoy 'a lil vyou for the shoss on you feat . dobss : so thatts it . evory 1g be cloa > inow . youlre hope bandit ' 1l get mee that would save you a lot of '' troudio , woulé not i¢ ? Ana you conscionce would not bothor you oithort : ° howard : okay , dobb , you just forget about goinc.e curtin op [ tly geo . ? dobb turn on he hoel , stalk off . dose : 5 ll not sv. 58 . '' pan shot of curtin somoth he see out of sceno causos hin to stop . - 59 . -a gila monster curtin pick up a rock , but bofore he can hoave 1 % the big , yollow and black lizard have dissnvearsd under 4 boulder , curtin drop the rock , pick up a picce of timber , run one end undornoath though rock make a lever . Ho leam he weight on the ond of though tinbar . dobb ? voice : - : ( over scene ) : I 's just liko I think . . curtin turn . camera pull back to shay dodo3 cover - — - ing curtin with he gun . : , curtin : what 's though idea ? . dobb : put you hand un . curtin oboy . lobo take curtin 's gun away from t pull off and I get a good mis Z ga baliy aliko . - pump you uD , 3 : 1 , dub would you mind whe it 's all about ? dobb : * it wontt ges you any whera playin ? . aus» woll , I will be you aust be + Howard come up . - curtin : yoled@ accidéan lly seom3 liko T on dooas ! tr ( concinged} 59 ( cont . ) dobss : ( snoré ) . accidentally } vinat wear you try - ing to pry up that rock for ? tell I thats curtin : I see a gila monster crewl under it . | yous . a story por when you nood on . on _ curtin : ; —_ okey . itma liar . snore be not any . -.. gila monster unéer thero . let 's seo _ you , stick you hand in ané& get you goods out . go-ahead . : dobb : sure twill . but dont you meko a move or I 'll . T . do not worry . I will 's . tem. iwant to £ 80 pouldor . ne dobb go cown on . then berd for - start to pus bis curdin : not in and get you gocdss welll shinkk youfre plein will , bovard ? | reach be if you do not yaliow , win ? dobb snoak nis nend forveré toward the open pas noath tne rock . urein : do thay Howard , of you - gil moaster > ral ? at vtho noo and will hang on till sun - by thas timo the vic~ ' cara anymore bacausa that rie - Howard ? '' ove 5 ° ( cont .1 ) curtin : ( conte ) . you treasure ? tt could not be you 'rs : .. ' sear to , coxid it , aftor the way you : shot off you mouth . snow we you be not . yellow , dobosio . I se to think my partner have a yollow stronk up he ' pact : dobas : a {sveat show on he face a : - the swaat of foar . Ho oo soring to he foot , aim . = wildly at curtin , shouting : ) : : ' I '11 kill you , you dirty , thievinge .. . . but bofore ha can pull the trigger Howard have lmock up he arm . thon both . mon close in on he curtin - get the gun away fron he .. . " curtin : loe okey , Howard , I get he cover . ae dovos , snow : ap ad move out of you , and il blow you to kingdom - como . hey , Howard , turn that rock ever , wili yous eoward otey . losn he woight on ona end of though timber until the rock : roll over . the camera move into a closeup of a sila monster , its body arched , hiss , atop dobbsi bpissug of over sosns of a shot . he slug boro through tha lizard its body riso , its tail chrochoge so oe 60 . closaup dopss he faco be white , he oye be stare a . 1 _ cul back to 61 . closeup the gila monster lie belly up on dodb ! ' treasure '' his arm claw at though aire slow dissolve : 62 , a typical durango village a scatter of adoda goneral storo . hnter burvo , curtin soo th squerd . Tho tounsneod fas ny z 1a 5 sonouninge be goin make a circle around a ( cont ) . dozen federale wo , astizo , ket such as fron the odga of opan a . billfold , take out money and a of cardboard , the hold up though cardboa to soo . all the talk be in sranish so lmow for sura what 's happoninge - lisutenant : ees : nopen billfold ) we ant no hey ninguna cuda , ustode son , - despue dol asnlto 2l tron les guimo la piste kiron , que . ss prueba , le carter & con ol polotoe La misma focha . ya vordn - . lo que los va 2 pasar por dandcidose ee curtin tie he buvros to thy hitching post outside though g enoral store , than addross the storekeepor who stand in he doorway waten the procooding in tno | squarde - . tl he es : porekespe re os ( eee han ostado toniente ome , pobad curtin shake nis head unable , to understand . . . , storexreper : _( eontinut no esc par ye tien tas sand tomsndo toaquila como sgua , escandalizendo y sombrando ol miedo por todas partos . over scene another voice SD prise for though word ara enel accente ss tes : qhe lientor va & aval ticket in a 's purse tha bk low hed on he . Tho ticket kas Gate of the agua caliente train _ 635 . 64 . 61 . mo , shot cody in.f.g . he 'is edout thirty - five , tall , but not husky . his manner , well - breed , out cecisive . cody : ( continue ) between then they have a diamong " ping , two pearl earring , and quite a lot of money . it seem they have - be here in this village several gay drink and shoot off they cannon so that the villager be afreid to stick they nose out of they hut . . the lieutenent now address a small boy upon whom the honor of hold though Lieutenant 's horse have be be - stow . the doy point . the meutenant motion with he head for though two bandit to move along in the direction the boy point . then he mount ane follow . the federale and townspeople core up the rear ae curtin : coat tle - what ?ll they do with they now ? " . , where be they take they ? - cody : to the cenetery . curtin : 9 0 m on. ' . .- . ( he enter the store ) int . store . . woe tae storekeeper go around behind he counter . : " copy : : not be ( who have rollow 7 . . curtin in ) . the federale be very efficient in of they way . it may not be we american _way , they aren 's fingerprint oxpert , - 2 " . that be , bus they can follow any trail , - -. ené against they no hideout 's any use -. . they know all the trick of the banditss : you 's can tet you svoe soul that they will run down every lest one of that group that attecke@ the train it will take . time -- month -- maybe -- but theytll do ate , - _ ( continued ) 62 . 64 ( cont . ) . : curtin do not want to prolong though conversation which may lead to cuestion he do not wish to answor . at though seme time he do not want to awaken , by he reticence , tne other man 's curiosity . - he namemm ! politely , turn to the storckecper and 's degin to point out various article on the shelf -- salt , coffeo , corn meal , soap , etc . a | copy : . not many Americans . fet around this wey . you be the first I have '' - ' : dumped into for a long time . - with ' curtin : ' that so . . se cody . - iighty rovgh country hereabout . ~o not curtin : ae yep . . Cate cody : - a cal my name 's cody . I be from Texas I . he puss ous he , hand ) _ curtin : . ( shake hand ) gurtin . : cody : what 's you gine ? '' qurting | I be a hunter . co dz : professional ? — . . : curtin : yep . ey a . . . oe cody : what ell do you hunt ? oe curtin : voce . : on , tiger cat -- anything with =... a hide of commorcial value . : ? ( continued ) ) of 64 ( coat .1 ) . cod eow long would you s2y 4 % 5 v a - thase mountain ? would be in few month . cody :. see anything that look like pay-dirt ? . curtin , snake nis head " no " . _ cody : ( contine ) I have get a ice there 's truck - load of the real goocs up in that mounteinse . curtin : - well , I know though whole lancscape around , and if there be 2 single grain of gold you con pet I would sure see it . no , there 's novaing go . here for goic . = can lock to 4 liston , en es away and tell you nill five mis whether it '' tes a ounce or a you nave not find at itll come as z a pus you nosa a trere 's indication in this valley , lot of indication , and voex i. find thes 's py trace so m the ridge up there 3 Z ? u u they come pr wasn down by the tropicai reinsy curtin : os nou do not say so - rs = cody : yes , I say so -- - / over scene the SOUND of a volley . | - som bot when lt co zy hnend anc {cont curtine sos 64 ( cont . 2 ) copy : ( con . ) ah tell tem to dig a '' when they 'vo aug deep enough they toll 'cm to - put they shovel céovn and have a cigarette and say they prayer . and in another five minute they be be cover ovor with the earth they dig out . : through though open doorway the federale , lead . by they Lieutenant , can De see depart ing on horseback , yeo , you get to hand it to jon all right . the storekeeper count on he finger , then tell curtin : curtin the amoun owed , curtin pay he , carry 65 . ext . store the sack and tin ou t of the store . es cuntin goos about load up ) the burros . goay - come out of the store . cody : iomeant what I say about go alone you . that be my c wto + anc veady 40 start I cone taenks go it by myself . good luck . mie . I be ail pack up £ you 'l2 les ith you back go you camperee curtin : just the same , but i prefer he. ( he tighton the’ - hitches on the - purros , untios :. =) 47 though lead rope , : and start off , :° | to withous look . : oo : back he all ? ) voor 66 . | pan shot curtin as he pass th dirt into the .. oa e tovmsman be throwin dissclye . to : 67. 68. 69 . 70 . _three remain in motion for ait 65 .° long shot desert plain that lead up to the mountain . Far in the cistance six move speck , three widely sopsrate from three . dissolve to : close shot curtin and eis burros curtin turn around , frown . eelow he and some . distance behind another man with pack animal be follow in mis track . curtin proceed another dozen yard then stor , the frown become a scowl . lons shot tne first three dot be not move . the socond 3 - then they also stop . after a brief period tna first three start again , then sure onougn , the second threo also start . . dissolve 70 : mo , shot curtin as he turn into a rocky defile . he advance somo @ozen yaré then pull : burros into a draw , tie they to 2 sapling and turn pack to the entrance of the defile . e@ take 2 position benind a rock , presently the SOUND of hoof can be hear , thon * cody 's figure , beat nis two mule , cone into . scexe . curtin take out he revolver , twirl the chamber to sce that it 's work smoothly , then ho wait for cody to como abreast . when that occur he step out from behind the rock a . * curtin : . . : what 's the idea you follow mee do not make I sore , you mug , or you may get hurt , I do not go put into you business , and you better not into mine . eelieve I , mug , I coulg take care of you any day of the week if you be - ce you sizc , so if you know 's " nealthy for you , you dotter of and quit fall G mce £ ( continued ) 70 ( cont . ) . 71 . cody : 66 - I do not mean to . bothor you . TI only go to bo in the company of on american for a chango and sit for a few nignt by a fire end smoke and talk . curtin : well , I 'do not want to * alk , sec ... and I have hear all the talk out of you ' I want to , so turn : around and start the other Ways . see he neans business , cody obey . curtin go pack to he ourros , wait until the footfalls of win burros and start on . ths canpsite howard , dobss and curtin nigh ? -- , cody ! 's mule can no longer be hoard , then untlos he -pegaonve 70 : round the car maf ire - supper be cooking . curtin : to ee : dab he nui whenever I reaehe and look back 2 could see be come not along . I as ! motter of time 's - up here dobb : it move we tell hin straignt to beat it . and if '' he don 2 dnign pone not guess until oft ol be then to vry we fill nis belly up with : plum ' too nard for hin to digest . howard : ~ that would va foolish , he would si for on hour play the inn and then 's ge and report we t official . once they wero couldn 's t stay any longer . nts sako eur goods wit t be ound '. ocent . of tno here we Ana we nm we ( continued ) 71 ( cont . ) . dobz : ( > all rign . then shore 's nothing so elso to do bub pull the trigger ~ : the minuto hoe appear . . Howard stir a pot that be on the fire , howard : . it 's no crime to visit this mountain . Ho may bo 2 guy that , just. like to °°. | : '' 7. poam around , wo can not shoot he for : . .. that , and besides if wae be of shoot 7 . hin 4t might come out . loa , dobb : . we do not have to shoot hin necessarily . '' we could push he off a rock end clein 4 '' be a accidont . . . . oward - no just who 's noine to do the push a you , doobie ? ie . a os dobb , 2 os ! : : we coulda play odd moneee >. have ic . . * bowardy ss > mo , brothor , count I out ! 2 - . ( ' doss : . you 'tro sure to be ' trail you , be . you ? a i curtin absolutely . how coma ? curtin meke a gesture with one hand and glance toward a open in the bush where the path load . i . curtin : . . because there he be . Howard and dobb aro so bowilder that for a few second they cannot bring themselves to look around . . '' dobb : whera ? ' . curtin noé toward the path . Howard end dobdy fin . we , turn around and thero in the deep shadow of though for ° ing nignt , uncertainly light by the flicker fire , band the stranger betwoen he two mule . - ( con ma ' pocket , he look he up and cor cody :. ( finally after a long silence ) hallo .. presontly dobos rise . with long slow stride re cross to the stranger . thon , hand in he pants dobb ; not come over to the firc . - . . : cody : a tnank you , friond . - he come close to the fire , start toke the pack off he mule . none of the other offer to hoip hin . dobb drop down by the fire. 's ovarad take the pot of potato from the fir , sake it , and test though potato with a imife to soe whothor they be cockoc enougn , urtin get up and boring more wood , then put on the coffee can . dodhb simply lie sprawle of a out watch every move cody make . fne silane of = '' . . becomas interminaole . : ( sudé . I know cuite , '' you 2 ellow , thas I be not ad around here . '' ( no on no . he add 3 to cur but even afte on the trail be resist the cesir ane jew with dobb : - : then way doatt you go waero shere aro amorican that night want the . talx to yor . durango isnt so far arf , all tno 4 merican club you could hopa for be there , '' ' cody : / : itm not efter that , itva get other - thing on my minc -~ more important . . dobb : so have we . and do not you make any mistave , ov ggost worry right now be you ence he wet no use for yo wg a you for a coo '' or & wa 'ro pull up , so vacancy stand ! Zo haven 's madc 71 ( cont . 2 ) '' ty . . dose : ( cont . ) 7g . clear , let I tell you I think youtil be do yourself a big favor if you sadcle up ir 's thing in the morning and go vere you come from and take we dless — ing with you . . the nowcomer remain silent . hoe watch the three partner deal the moat and potato out on the plate and fall to eat . : . : curtin : °° 7 ) os , a . . ( over he half . : ~ '' emotiod piata ) . . -- . '. help yourself , partner , to a‘plate and spoon and imife and fork , . dobss : . sure , welra no miser . we dontt let guy starve to death lp * yourself , to & you be walcoue , but beginning vrow loolt out no trespasp around here . you ' know -- dog ! gst I . 5 tom ) dobb give curtin.a long wink , then : dose : ( cont . ) I get five fox and a iion while | . '' you wora away the village . | . '. '' good hide ? . se I for bi no in , dut after , it wouldntt take one wadic for a real runter to clean up all around for les in each cirection , peet instantly , he rignt hand he oo the rovolver that be hovore aro stick inside he eoward :' vv : : ( sharply ) youtre right . hunt hers . ( comrinued ) 71 '' ( conte 53 ) 's dovos ! '' good ground for something elso . howard : ( cont. ) mado up we mind to leave this Ground inside a wook and look for scemething bettor . yep , stranger , you 'ro dcad right . this here 's awful poor ground . ' it take we sone time to find it out . ° cody : . '' poor ground , you say ? dovend ton what youtro hunt for por game , yose but bts vory * | howard : and what might that . be ? cody : gold . hand close around he rovolver but . shoot hin a fierce look howard : . gold , do you say . he - ha --— thetis b® good onee curtin : I tell you at the village , mister cee th ore no gold nereabous ss howard : * ( laugn ) '' my voy , if there be one singlo ounce , I would - havo see it . believe 's I ' I would , cody : , if you haventt find any g0ld hero then good night , sir . ' you eventt as smart as you appoar to ba . this last serve to confound though partner . clear he throat , then he nodse guess till bh eqward : mayb oo . mayoo you 'ro right . who knovse about gold . give I a idea itll sleey over lis ( he stretch ) t the have , mo dat | 70 . - kovard - yo novor have a think . .. hoverd aw 71 ( cont . 4 ) . curtin : , - . . I too . . : ( ho get up ) until tomorrow , mistere cody doesn 's ansvere we , curtin : gtnight . cody waistlos . in a few momont he two pack mule : come hobbliag up . he give each & nandful of corn waien he tax from he peck , thon after patting they nocis , ho kick they lightly end thoy return ° to the shadovse go a little way off from the fire , cody spreed ii planket and lie down to sloeve only thon do dobb leave the campfire end enter ? she tente . : 72 , int . tent the other two be already stretch oute - pind oute loos can be mighty deceive - '' : acward = . Fe 's ghore 's no deny thate .:- : . / dobb : . lo . _ itm of the opinion have ought . to > ue ' get rid of hin -~ sho quick waye . how abow I start a auarrol '' with he . make he boil over - and tnen as ' soon as he are , : all of we dlast avey at hime curtin : corse that ge not sound 400 protty , 2 0 . the way you put it . ( continted ) '' o~ 72 ( conte ) . howard : anythingt possiblo . dobb : ( excitedly ) . '' woll then ? et / howard ? = ° can , gall you what . you guy 6 to sloepe till be ywetch~dog Tor 'a couple of hourse then you and 's curtin can have you turnse : dobss : pp ge okey . be you gun randy ? — howard 's yepo : ( he hend be tranquilly fold eeross he chest ) ° . dodd crawl into he blanket . over scene the voice '' of the coyote yip -ylop . - soe tt 73_.. clossup | dobd . as he go +o sloeD , vezin to snorce 74 . closzup howard tnie be all hot be wait for ; hearing dobos snore he close he eye and fall asleepe : 0 ° ) pessolve tos '' 15.6 early : morwing - the praying of a jackass & rens dobb . he look at curtin and Howard , scos thoy be both asleep , then 4 tent . tne stranger be by the ( continued ) 75 ( conte ) , , on dobb + , . nignore the groet ) , . wheretd you get one water ' to : : . make coffee ? oe - ad : _ cody : I just take lt fron the buckote . dobas : . toe oh you aid , do yous woll , that co wator be not carry up here wee so 's you could meke cok loo , seee _ ye ' com ' itm sorry . TI aiantt know ' vator be so hard to gete dob3 : | woll you know lt noivo : copy . ° I will .go flil though bucket up for _ foue ( - : . curtin , foliove oy howard cone '' oub of the > tent obsorve dobos ! se ! igerent attitude : : : curtin : whasis upe dobb : this mug hes bo steal we water '' ( to cody ) toe es ' tet I catch you at it once agal . and t!1l let tt out of you in little round hole . copy : . ' 4 thet verhep I be among : I thoug +. givilige mon wno youleantt bommudee ls ime a little fresh vetere : pop : = we . who eintt civilizod ? a answer he plant nis fist in fh such forco that cody crop ally by a heavy club . thon dovd ho =iro as do cur réin and Howard . n ko do z ho nook . be ce os ( continued ) C 75 ( cont , 2 ) , 's thread , tal gor : I could easily do tha same to who would come ow time I too k it . you , and it be not settle < on top . thanks for you kind attontion . the stranger 's word and he manner of g and make he feel barrass dobb avioardly . . . if iwas you , | bp and go while the go but I mean to stay rf tozo - how 's that ? the beush and howard : mister , i!d co dy : cody : a '' , oe the . che mountain be frao , earont they ? thet hold for vight , icward dobb and curgin : the ) yot this saddle a good , - ght hore , . - friend , to whoever ts first on the spote cody : : 2d for gold miner , unless , course , Claim . . I take + registore yours , curtin : who say we have a claim & whatever you se morrow I star unseon and unt neard , ano silent group '' cs murdor real as if mado h be upon Problem of comzare now make realize ao a copy : the pregenc be amongst 2 flosh and bone , coripanion in thet oone cody be ision each of thé partner rust a1 beging y or dont to dig for bole hero . os a '' mot of my they have register they 2 % you guy havent oo register ? say , tow 0 join the now thome ' solia a all - they thou , vomidst . 9 ‘insignificant '' cody , fully to most-délicato to talk , ( cont=nued peak en= ashamed . Ho shirt ts a '' shit ) 75.6 : '' 75 ( conte 2 ) , : . cody : . '' oh , I know quite well you can : co bump mo off any minute you wish , . . : '' . dut that 's a risk worth run , I se consider the : stake . let 's : a ley all we card on the tablo . - oye as I see it , you follow ' nevo — soe " as " get to do one of three thing : - lon . kili I ; run I off ; or take mo Fe in with you as a partner , lct 's ~ - oot consider the first . another guy might show up tomorrow , or maybo a dozen gur . - if you start -. : bump peovle off , ‘how far be sop : you prepare to go " a8 th it ? ask . . wget . yourselves that . also , dont Te forget that the one actually to ~ : : + do tha bunp off vould forever be in 's the pvowor of the other two ese though only safo way would . a. .bo for.all three of you to pul . not vl " . ls you eanon and bang away at have se '' jao . thet same ingtant like 2 fire . a squade ( he indicate : . dobb ) hetd be all for thet I be sure , . bus you tivo have not the loox ~ '' sof bear ox rocubLone rs . | hovard : we wouldn' stop at anything in protect we interest '' . a cody '' I claim kill mo font tee oo but of course , thatts for you — .. ' - to decidee fis for choice number two , if you ' chase mo off I misht very well inform on youe to howard : . weta get you if you do thate wa would go all the way to China : '' to get youe there would be no ouartor oo oo * copy : the novortheless , you would still cone off loser . ts Howard nod , then : : '' ( core ted ) 764 4 75 ( cont .@ ) a t howard : on would not the knewledge that we would follow you till doom 's Day make you 's think twice before inform on we ? . cory : : Ifa thinktwice all right . but thet doesn 's say I weuld not turn you ine . oe , twonty - livo percent of tne value of : ce J : tyour find be the reward T 'a get pay and . thas would ho mighty tempting -- mignty * tempting . . .° curtin : , oo . '' that 's a pretty strong argument in favor . of cur do number ene , mister . . cody : . ' I do not deny its but let 's sea what numvor three have to offer . if you . take mo in as ea partner you don 's ' . stand so lese anytaing . I will not , : _— ask 3 of share in &% you have make so C : : ' for...ontz in the profit to come . . woll , what do you say ? the three partner sit silen ly Zor several merienss thens - : 2 bowand : would vou minute stranger , lett : . : . we throe '' ehre be this out alone oe : smong , ourselves + : 'at e for cony : . not at ell . ge ahead . tf havo to . oo . look after my mule anyway . oe the camera pan coey bwv '' 76 . close sho ? of the 7 water he ete dobss + ( when the strenger ig ( : : out of earshot where dea he pect off push oy he way in he 4 we have do . UT 76 ( cont . ) '' uc , lot dobb : ( cont . ) , Cole ' int it . waeove > olso happen . elong~ - aro trey to bo invite in the '' ' teo . be is @ come ono cone alk ' oo : proposition ? | co , : . - : howard + ~ . send aim away be out of the . wee 's question , all right . either wa : ts ay to bump he 2 ? or make he of partner . . dobb : ' do the mug in I would say . '' he himself tell we though way . atl throe of we ' det he nave it so there will not be any question cf its bo hele over enyoody 's head in timo to come . 77 , - .. ned . shop gory . a '' , . something out op sciye . . move across a high rock . makos he slow he pace and finally stop . 786 . 79 ... close -up . cody ~watent D , curpix 'g0 , ) . camp . dose , how ! iard ? at 's you feeling in the '' gurtin ? . curtin : ' I be all for provect we .- interostg we what do we gain by pun 8h cf B , so far . S ) as q 15 aok ' to io 'va make go | of story . | . ( continued ) t we ~ 80 ( con . ) . : : 2 doub3 : of . : . Fred c. devo sintt a guy who : y ' like be take caventage of . howard : | ' I do not mind be take some ae ' advantage of so long as it nett be not monoy out of my ppockst , . what the dovil ... we can throw . - &ll the @irty jon at alg .. e cody' vorc : . ( over scene ) come up horei coma quick ? the : partner look eround in surprise , . cony's voice : Cone on . hurry } the threo start run in though direction of the rook . at 2 . wt but before '' ey've gene ebout a dozon yord , dobdda stop suddenly . . . cs _ Le ' : : dobb : wait . not he 's up to some - ~ I z hewlike roll you , curtin , hol pullin o04 dobb tale he rovolver out , stert up toward the rock , move slowly . ble cony I rocl he call again . howerd be first to appcar on top of cody ; oe ( point ) . - look ! . >) Howard scuint he eyass four td 6. - bl ( cont . ) . . curtin ig next , follow cfter en interval by dobb a howarn : ( cont . ) must bo soldicr . dobb turn en cody , drav he ' gun and cock ' the hammor with he thumb . oe : . . dobb : so that 's you stinking g ganc , sas ite all rignt --- tako whet 's '' < eoming to vous : os a ( no point the gun _ to ceay 's chest ) [ know you be a informer . = know ib all the tine . if you mow a prayer , you rot , '' _ say it now and make it ' sneappye : cody : - _ : ( in a quiet voice ) - _ you be wrong , partner this '' moan all we funeral , 9 : own include . . '' curtin : - ' : wnest that ? se + : =tmy oa ° / Lora be : . soldicrse : shey cree a ? they arent efter gold but ov , . gun and ammunition ... the oe ' villager must have tell then - a '' about she nmoricen hunter up = 0 0 . _ here 2 curtin : they do not look like soldaior to . ~me either , bub just what ho say - c> a bune of airsy , reggea bandit . howard ? ' Te we be in a hole , I tell you . with . t soldier we would as least have a chance to oxplain before a official . but th banlitsess . . ne + . bs 5 I still think you be a , inforrier ese ' { contieved} gl ( cont - 1 ) . : 80 , . -curtin :* ~ - shut up , dobb . leave hin alenc . , .. we have gos the think and work fast nows : .. dobb : ( on he single track ) . eeenof a informer for the govern - 2 ment - - en inforner for the banditse . - cony : . wreng again , prosher . and if you do not lay off I you may find you - . self shert ono full grow non . Inside a hour or so you be go to need not only every man nere wut every hand . and . every gun howard ? : . we botter stert think ebout a a way to defend ourselves . we night . try hide in though rock but shen we would lese though burre and we whole outfit so I guess the best thing be to make a fight of ite + , ( not point at a ravine ; narrow and not very deep , thas lies vetweon the rock on which thoy stand and the cand : saat ravine be a goon nesural treneas : . Te will mate we stani there thoy cantt attack from the rear and they can not flank we . they will have to pass over the cnanp site and da get some good shot cb theme cody , you seer to have gocd cyos - -- you stay up hore - on this look - out fer the tine voing and watch they movement . - you , . curtin , round up the ourros and herd then into. that thicket ever theroe .- '' dodd , let 's you and I wrap up all be we ocelongings and dump fem into ( the trenche .. : of they hasten to the task of proparing for the asseult that lis to come fe . dobb fill bucket with yaser ond carry they to though tronche .. ' ws 2d 85 . '' 84 . 1 . b5e 86 . 87 .. 88. 89 . , copy " howard - cody long shot »- blndit '' as he calis : curtin got che purre . on though rock , . watch the approach | of 8 the ' bandit . ~ : copy : '' ( own scene ) - '' . ' taoytro burn | onto though . trait up hore : have " '' howard : | * ( eatis ) - . how many of thon aro , thore ? a . riding the trail that leed to though campy | - ' closeup cody -- : cody : .. : ' sixtoon of : ere a! ' close shot '' howard he cull to cody . Cone en dow , yelre avout as roedy por ( continued ) ea tee 89 ( cont . ) howard : ( cont. ) as have over will be , so will might as well heave goneth to cat . taey '! 1l bo the deat port of a hour got hore . he start lay a fire . the partner , cody include , gather azround . . . . . cody : / one of ' ten 's woar a hat paint gold . it reflect the sunlight . : curtin : a & hat paint gold . - eoar that , dobb , '' Howard ! romonber the osandit in the . gold nat ? . : dobb : sure , on the traint L take partner ? rigat . a , copy : no objoction . '' oo dobb : sure . . howard ? I will take the leave center . you , cody , take the right . dobd , '' . you station be the leave corner , . and cuitin , you take the right corner . he leave corner be the most impertunt . a guy could hrouch that crack in the speak tk rock ovor thero . ( conpineed } ‘of the camp , there seem to be very little be _ next ... '' ' two of the man besin to build a fire , - one oxplore 90 . ( cont . ) ' the other , come up + different type anc celidver , all be in rag ané be unwasnead and unsnaven . a few have boot , half ripscd open and with tear sole , some wear leather nant lila rancheros , they gismount . too of the bandit venture forwaré into the campsitc , they observe wher though tent have be pitch and they point to the ronnant of tno fire . they call to tna other who come rorvard and begin walk around the place , peer behind bush and rock . . a discussion commence in each man kas he own opinion and talk loude ad liss : . of hace poco acamparon agui . '' 0 ° second : wmire muchachos , vengan aqui . tetrd no vauseno , equi nos omdotclian . . FOURTH man : Los gue estabon acui va se os .. fueron esta `s un magnifice eo ! escondita , : mo , first 2 : howard : : ~ ( to curtin in a whisper ) oover be hers be go . to go back ga’ che 2 go to ster up hare as 2 headquarters : . of aia village in the valley . . cunzie : stout pour it into vhem ing off as isany 4s will can be avey last . . I howard : hole you horse , . Tor wood leave though other and come straight across the caup toward dobos ! station . he be look at a growch of sapling so that he be hardly awoy from dodt before he ss hin . for be jaw hang in surprise , then not turim around a y . '' " . bandi '' : : miren sucnachos , vengan todo , pronto ... urna pajarita echada én su nido , que cosa mas bonite . hurry toward he . when ross the camp dobb shout . dobb ; lk stop or I shoot . prenrmer yee oe gc ( cont .1 ) pirst bandit : ya , ya , ost oueno . espere - no tira , homore - he walk backwards , make no attempt to reach for the heavy revolver at he side . Tho bandit nold a repic - fire consultation , speak in lower tone so ' that the nen in the trench camnet make out 2 word . then gold hat stop forward , thurb close togethor in front of he bel to indicate that ho avo not moan to go for he weapon : . ' gol : uat : oiga , , sonore listen , we be 10 . panait , you ere mistelen . we. be fodorale ; you know , the mount polico . woe be look for the bandit to catch they . Tho one who pobve the train you know , - dobb : . . all right . if you 'ro though police , whet arc you badge ? coe gold hat : : badge ? we get no badge . be do not need va tdo not have . to snow yuu any sbiaiang badge . . four or five 2 for the other ecder . dobd yell . dobe + : you votter not come any closer it you want to keep you health . gold hat : no sca malo , hombre . we dontt want '' to do you any harm . no harm at all . why cantt you de a little more polite . : viell . givo we you gun end léeve you in peaco - sure will wilh . dosb = TI need my gun myself . gold hat : phrow that old iron over hore and - yelll pick it up and go on ow waye dobb : u better 50 withrut my gume -- and go quick before I lose my tempore , nothing doing ( continued ) 90 b5e . ( cont . 2 ) dobos wave he gun over the rim of the troncz . Tho bandit retreat a few step and then hold council agein . howard : they will be play some kind of : a trick now . : : - sure onougn - gold eat , the lcecer , and enother stand u_ move tiverd devo . the second bandit have a gold watch | . dangle by e chain in he outstretch hand . Ho be slightly im cavenco of gold het . . - 2 gold eat : soe look here , amiga , you get though . ' wreng idce . 2 dontt want to hevo you gun for anthinge I want to . _ buy it . hore I aavo a genuine go waben with genuine gold enein make .: | : . in you own country . that watch and | cnain be worth at least two hundred - 7. peso . till exchange 4t for you gune oo go2 @ business it be for you . you - ~ '' better take ite ee Tho ‘other bandit sving the watch on its chain around he neade cbs . dobb : .: you keop you watche I 'hly keop --... my fan . not gold hat : oh you will . veutll keep 15 , one wie will not get it . I will snow you , foueesevee . : thore ise shot . the bandit with the wetch throw up both hand sv thet the waten and though rovoiver fly . through though aire | : : the . bandit : — ( in Spanish estoy herido . I be hit greobing at he side ho felis and begin crewling back to the other , . . : oo the os hovard : soe be poolt - hole over the sight or ho fire tm shot . 1 92 . bandit all of the bandit , ineludce golda het , losk in the ~ : direction from which though shot camoe it wasatt doob who have fire . at the aovesite corner of tro tronen .o faint cloud »f bluc si ke still hang in the air . tao bandit all move baclovard toward tae bushos . 93 . - hed . long shor ~ bandit - , . thoy eat squatting 27 ' heir hocl , have smother cis - cussion . suddonly gola het get up , laugh . . ect |. gold eat : be : so ce '' ( ha call to dobb ) ae hey , sonor . '' ou thore . 's you cannge play such trick 0 US , vig know that you hed yur rifle over thormme - -+ end that by moan 97f a long string you pull though trigger from where fou ero. will d> the sano when hunt duck at though lake . do not try this on tse . with a rapid move all though man have they gur ud . '' ) be cold bap : ( con . ) .¢ ang now wat of you dirty hole . ey st any longer come . . vyeneno or wolll drag you out like a reboit . and when we get yuu aut be will tear open you mouth t+ you ear . Tho man drop t the groune and , gun in hené , start rawling toward though trench . rerdly havo they acvance six foct whon whore aro sour shop from the transh , cas n ' from a ait gun . all tho. bandit ture be no witnaeut get up on crawl back into though ou be shout in Spanish back and forth between they . pody of tw of the bandit romain wacre they poll in the area between , the tronen and the campsite . go 6 xowaios eo oe thathil bee ton for a while . ' wetve : ts win a tree ns oe phis I figure . . posit a and gv = y 4 good vw ey oy . a a ) . cody : . do you think welvo beat thom off for god ? . ( coxpinuzd ) 7 93 ( cont . ) ' he lonve '' dobb . | 87 . howard : : eerdly . now that they know thet tnere 's at least four gun here , they will be more determine % than before . : copy : mce what a2 you supposo they will pell next ? we : howard : they will probably attack just before morning cody anc move beck past he own stetion to - : obb : * : os we get tem on the run ove S about we attack ? eoward : i mo ' nope . it 's better not to give agey we numoor . for all they know there 's a dozcn of use we be pretty safe hero in this if we prey to the Lord could not de better . the mo wo - of instance . it will bo full . Tre camp site will be flood with sat oven & cat co for cross without we see . eld bettor change sur stati on for the night ond stay in tw. group . cody and I will take the right section and you mo curtin the loft so 's one can nap ane the other wetche as suen 2s : ting start to happen , you just kick ~ . the sleoping guy . in the rib and ho !ll be upe I be positive there will not be eny move on the »tho be side for the next six hour . I will de difforent around four in the morning . why do not | you taze you sweet shun myer now ? 's . - te ssolv 70 ? ( continued ) 2 94 ( cont . ) 95 . 96 , - pandit keep on '' - cody : ( in. a hushed vic ) I think thoy 'ro come . toward move quickly to dobb ! end curtin 's post . thoy aro both aweo . . . tate how , . a my hold you fira till four mon to , . roach though middle of though camp . ss : — aon shoot to kill , | : oo. 's " Ho go back to he post .' . : se 7 mo . long shot on camp as the bandit move over though ground . four shot ring aute more be croan . and cry of Holt hother . Tho ming . Ono of the pandit upright and charge tee trench . eo have a revolver in ono hand , '' machoto in th other '' Ho reach tao % rend whoro coay be before & fall . none of the oth get so ciose > the trancna . tnoir rocaption be too tae night avtteck_is '' fe duro . once asain they erawi back on tnoir belly toward the bushcse . bs} howard : no look like we win that : cody , at he post , do not answore howard : -- . . : hey , cody. oo . . Ho turn t> he . cody be dead , a bullet through he nce - dish lvs to : at there post . : oo : morning all m2 ) include cody , toward whose body the other look somberly now and again . over scene the soukd ef wood bo chop . ~ . a .. : . dobb : 2d L wonder what dirty business they be etching right now . °° : . . eoward : I grt a protty grod idce ( conrinuzd} 96 ( cont - ) do eow . - they be make barricade that move . _it 's a vld indian trick . tyey crawl along push the barricade befor [ 0 they . you cantt sao where to shoot . -: + brothor , {td bo willing to trade we 4 gold mine right now for threo or four 2 hand grenade . if that 's what they be avo ) * s+ : up to , and I be dosd sure it be , will - - " - paventt a chinaman 's chanco . - : dobbl 50 all will can do be soll we life at - the high prico possible . I mean . to take as many of tom as I can to hell with mo . have yo , bohard : / do not forget to seve ono last bullet for yourself . God furbid any ofus .- fall alive into though land of that . ' yo wounded . if you . can ' S shaot you - - - soeit , try to stas yoursai ? to ceath . '' eaybo if sod and we gun otte . dcbe = . . '' hot a caance , peoy bey . . thoy would tor - - ture we just the seme = to find aut if there be not ure than will a / fore theme , thon thoy would kill we just the samo . thay do not imow what mercy ase : vee , eoward : .. ' Joe for 0 know why ? because they have never bom , not * show @ Ze we people in the stctes have live in poverty under all sort or '' ' tyreanny for hundred .f yoar they 'a havo breed . a rece of bandit too , cvory pit as ervel and bloodthirsty . como . ' pight covn to it will arc bendit of a kine . what right have we get to go loot the 2 adout as much right es the for sn companics - thas take thoir oil without pay for stee. ond they silver and thoir copper . '' over scexe doyond the cempsite & voice call : 86 ( cont .1 ) 976 a -. . sometze 's hapgen ell " right . 90 . that 's up I wonder . - over scene the voico of the bandit mingle in rise '' , excitement . Tho SOUND of the chopping leave off . curtin : 7. over scene tee SOUND of though bandit sadd@le shoir horsc and mount . curtin start to climb out of the trench . ; : . . . dubb : os wait , ; , pal , this mey only be e trick : to lure we out and get we . : . 's howard > " . _ * zi do not think so . they aro not good enougn actor for this to bo a trick . _ curtin , not heed dovb ' warning , loavo though trench and climb vip to the high pleec where cody first sew ~ though bandit . . long sect in the far distance a march squsdron of eavelzy . curtin : ( call ) . hoy , partner , up here . here 's a sigat if there ever be ona . dodd and howerd climd rapidly up to curtin . Soldiers , look at tom . I could kiss every ont of they , . . . - + curtin : . , they must have get it from the villager . that bandit hed go up this mountein to rob the gringo nunter of hia gun sion . mo provi , its be for ( continved ) 97 ( cont . ) 98 . long shot _ because thoytre old fightor who know - ole howard : x all the trick , that 's why . with we '' at they back and the soldier fece thom they would a't have a chance . thoir only hopo be to get out of this cenyon before though soldior ontor . dobb : : : anyway they be do we a bis favor .by - leave in such a dovilish hurry . it . > - wouldalt havo beon too healthy for we . to heave soldier up here . they could . bo a roal nuisanco to we folla if . thoy start -asice question and nose around , . the dsandit _riding hard . tuey reach though mouth of the canyon , turn to - tha right . they ere catch sight of oy though column of eaya . '' too bad they aia not arrive before : - what 's -his - name get hise - be . except wnat ? ry which go0s into a gallop . dobe : go get the sic 'om tige ! chew tom into pit and do not spit tem out -- swallow ' om ..s. be I haspy , be i. folier , toll you the truth ~ I be already chow dirt . curtin : howard ¢- rockon we could not have hold out the night without he essistance . ~ id say proviconce have send he - . to we excopt ..- pobss : howard ; - . 7 why should providence put - 2 smallor value on he life than on one of ours ? curtin : - . I wonder wero ho be and if het get any folk ? . ~ ( contlnuged ) 98 ( conte ) : a 101 . 102 . '' close shot of the dead cody | dobb : supposin ' 's he hase curtin : * wo ought to notify hae howard : . lot 's teke a look at he belonging . Howard shakos himself out of he thought . the threo start sack down from the high plece .. oo lie faco down in though same deronsive position ho hala when alivo- Howard 's hand come tntoscene and tura hin over . they fod in cody 's pooket , bring out & wallet and some lettor . close shot of the teree as Howard open vhe wollote , hoyiard : oo ( cxemine tno content } e munérod doller . namoct coér . this hara évivert be igsucd in Dallas , toxas - J ttist4oq oe he Old 38 icenso eattort from Dallas soo , so the must , bo nis home {ho take @ snapshos ous of who wallet ) ~- ree protty , be not she . z ~ I reckon . dobb + lot mo sete : snapshot ik dobb ! han '' es Young woman to a tonder , smile face . scens thera be sumething goout the way dobos be lonk at the picture that curtin aocsn ( continued ) 93. 102 ( cont . ) : dos3 : not bad , not bac . curtin reach out end take though snapsnot from dobb ! hand . Howard have romovod tha lottor from the envolopo ana be scen it . howard ( read ) doar Jim : you lctter just arrive . it be sucn a polief to get word after so many month of silence . I realizo , of course , that thorc be not any mail : ~ box that '' ean drop a lettor in : _ ' out there in the wild , but that coe not ' - J. '* keep mo fram worry nbout ym . litto _ Jimmy be fine , bub _he miss he daddy elmost es much cd I ane he koops ask , hon 's daddy come homo ? " you say if you do not make a real find this t ino . | you will never go agcine I can not begti a . $ 9 tell you how my hoart rojoice at that word if you really moan they . now ' L fcel free to tell you . I 'vo nevor ought any material treasure , no metcor how great , be worth the. pain of that long separation . . . Tho coun especially lovely this yoare non a perfect spring --- warm rein , roste the fruit trocs be all ie upper orenard look '' lower like ofter a snov storm . everybody look forward to big eron . 1 do hope you ere back for the . harvest . : of course , I be hope that you will es last strike it rich . it be high» time for luck to start smile upon you , but just in case she doos not nemember wotve ealroady find lifo 's : rea , troasurce : oo to : forever yours ; 7 of helen ok he hold out the lettor for the other to read : - 94 .-.- do ios . insert -- postscript be no a enila ! 's sorevl , dig qotter and Little letter and . thing that ere dike letter but ere not . , thon of - hioroglypaic '' Jimmy 2 . cet moe a 104 . scene : '' + qgurtin gkve ben tock the snapshot . Howard put it _ into the wallos and he put though we yes and though lettor pack into nis pocket . non he pick up & spade from though pile of oquipmen at though botsom of the trench . he. climb out of though sronen , stenas lock around for 2 moment , select & propor site , thon ho start digging 9 gravee ... 95 . 105 campfire the old man be measure out the gold into three part as we have see he do before . howard ; only seven penny - weight thirteen grain . dobb : less than we do yesterday . howard : if you want my opinion it 's go to keep get less from now on . we have take about all the gold this here mountain have . dobb : how much do you figure we have make to date ? howard ( wet the end of he lead pencil , figure on a piece of paper ) not as much as we be aim to collect -- not forty thousand -- not that much . curtin : I be willing to lower my hindsight . howard we get upwards of thirty - five thousand apiece - ~ and we ought to be plenty thankful . dobb ; sure~ - let 's call it quit and pack up and leave . howard it 's go to be a lot harder trip go back than it be come . the burros ' load be heavier and accident will be more likely to happen on the trail . there 's always the danger of bandit , of course , but add to that there 's another hazard that be not there before -- the federale . if we be to meet up with they they might get kind of curious about what we be carry in we pack . oh , we get the goods ( continued ) J. 105 . { ( cont , ) 106 . all right , but really ours unt counter ay though he I feeer figure it 's i . we pass it .over the ( con , ) bani . I ' curtin : '' woot . '' we be mighty lucky so far . harat '' hope we luck '' " T do not want to pack in shapo . hold . dobb ;. . _ yeah , here 's hope . sooner . we leava vthe better , as far as I be concerned , keop that deme wad the ing , whoever sno be . ' tel take + we another | week to break - ~ . down though mine ané put though mounteal se ob3 : D do what to tha mountal . . : howard : . make 'er appear we come . D ( mystifie I do not gev it . like she aie before 's cu5 : ° * @ ) + we have wounded this mountain end itt we duty to clos 6 she wound , it ! '' ithe loast we can do out of grati tude '' . for all the weal iz you guy win ! _ alone . oy cc -( laugn ) " you talk about tr '' be a real person full shot ext . it or rather whet be onc the have be carry out '' same as before the thry gold , the water sy be ofiro , ' the curros stan mon load they up , th shoe 's givo US , t help not zis '' do - it ortin Fe ro co he mountain lik xl eee . dissclve to : wlinc , Howard 's wish the place lock almost though en cas to take the wountein 's wheel , vat and sluice -- @ patiently while though three ( cg 106 . ( cont . ) 107 . tac other nod , - 7 . . howard : . well , I reckon that 's about every - thing . go get you goods , boy , and . I will get mine end will ' tll be off . each man gocs to the hide place of he gole , get it out and , staggering undor its woight , bring it back to where tne burre be . they go about load on the . sack and cover they with hide . - howard : I reckon each man 's burre with he goods better be he own responsibility ... 1 dobb : lett get go . taey start , curtin in the lead , across the campsite avem come to though spot where . cody be bury , curtain ' slow down but dce not stop . thon thoy reach the . open in the brush where the trail begin howerd tern end look tack howard : ( wave ) Goodbye , mountain , and thanks . dobss : ( imitate Howard 's gesture ) yoeh , thanks , mountain . curtin :. = ( wave at the mountain ) thanks . dissolve to : tt flat mesgquite - litter kind of desert rid astelane full of gully . and ledge occ giant cactus stand sentincl .. wa no istort the air v the ° wscepe swim constantly pefore the c they move at a slow pace % thoss of the heavily - ns the lead burro who Howard look qut load b somethin snic sud of scdne . ue ai . oo wo aw 108 , 98 , a rattlesnake coiled a few yard anscad . , feoware leacé he burzo of to the right , give + make a wide enough berth . Ho make no move to cestroy the snake : nor éo the other who ' sinply follow in howar nat step . dobb ; fcall to the snake . ote over he shoulder ) . ooo ' , : - @his be you domain , no argument , co , 's b drothor . lie be trespasp . wo . do not like bo hera any more than you like have we . you just tell we a short vey out and wotll take it , . mo . ' dissolve , 02° maT. ors wild . . twilight the three partne rs ar eround of cazofire prepare thoir evening moal . novble burros be graze near by . ‘ho bag of gold be in three saperate stack . Tho food be on the fire aad dodd and curtin ara 's stretchad out do nothing bayond listen to Howard 's harmonica . there be somotn lonely and haunt about its music . curta : I be inking about she - cocy't widow , ~ and the kid . you know whet eee ? weta ougntta give tom a fourth just as if hetd be partner with we from the start . dobb : {his jaw drop , theh : ) you mean a fourt th of all we goods ? L curtin : 7 yooh , th rat 's rigt ge - dobb ; er aro you erazy ? . oo . : curgin : ct if it have not bo for cody we . would not have wack away trom that . mountein , ask Howard . . howard : yep , the buzzard would have get Pat on we al rie * 109 . ( go . ) ° . : ~ . Lee dobe : : it might just as woll 'vea Deer one of we . that it wasn !' be we good ' juck ané he oad . . curtin : '' whatever you guy do itm ' go to give a fourth . - # lbd ; whot tne devil - I get more then I - ' moed anyhow , hclt : wast I get be - enough to last I oube & fourth -- - . , sure . . '' oe : dobb : : you guy must have both be ' bear , at . rovival meoting . - oe : eoward have lower he normonica . now , head cocked in en attitude of lisi he sit stare into the surround ou : . dcnb ; . ( efter a brisf silence , waisper ) . natt up ? . Howard the 28 '' bis revolver , twirl the chamber , then e piro into th shadow . hs motion then eld as once " move away to the to 2 shey €o it four indian ape gppearance . Ono Spanish . . first indian : buone noches , senorc . podemo sonsernos cerca lumbro ? coscensar poquite . favor ? hovard : 9 7 . ot , qo the Indians ) meet . , > con mucke gusto , como no , amigo . quicren tomar cafe con nose sros ? thdia ; ' . Si , vnchas rcrecias , sonore . o * ( continued ) 100 109 . ( cont .1 ) ' 2 : : egwapd : . . ( to dobb and curtin ) . waatover they want they mean no harm . he gesturos and curtin offer they a cup . the Indians help themselves , all drink out of . though same cup . dobb produce he todacco vouch , thais they also cv . * accept , each take a pinch of tobacco and roll it '' .. dn corn leave which thoy carry on thon . in roturn ' ; they offer the partner tobacco of they ovwm . : : dobb ; : wo give thom tobacco ane thay give we tobacco . i do not get it . why not cvuryvody smoke he own ? - hoeard : 2 '. take some aud thank they . et dobb and curtin obey , say numchas gracias . '' theytra after something , it will take | : ' '' thom a @ to come to the point . : : of say what you want right off the ~ , bat isntt considerce polite among : incian . : : 1g which the Indians drink they coffau and ss cigarcttes . each time they raiso - th 2 abt the white man . finally , thos hem begin : . indian : pue vora usted senor . wi nijito se cayo al agua y lo sacanos tan pronto como pudir.os . to sc musva , no nada y - no guicra rovivir , pero yo cmos que no esta muerto , necesitemos ayuda , pon favor , oe to cuasndo sucedio no jito ? i - indian : : ss '' esta tarde , scnor. mee tt koward : . ito the partner ) eis little boy foll into the water . sy fished he out but he will not come Ho isntt dead , ne just will not ( conti oe 109 . ( cont .2 ) ae . '. mount , then lead though way thoy run off on foot . mind . ldobe rut , a palm mat be spread over a-tablo upon '' pour into ita 101 . Howard get to nis foot . ° howard : : so I will go and have a look et thea boy '' |. and get back here as soon as I can , ~ , «| before morning probably . aten '' oo : after my goods while I 'm. go .:. : . : moe ( he. turn again to . . mo + : '. though Indians : . ' buono , amizo2 , yo voy con ustedas . | - - | no so si podre ayudar , paro hare ft ' - tedo posibl , vemonss . '' the . Indians all cot up , politely take leave of dobb . and curtin , ' they lead Howard to the horse which he boy liss movionless , whe roox be ero. both wen and wor * eoward enter behind the father , stané aside meke a par the tedle . stands ov a silently for a , try to decido what the troaat - mont should be . 's raisas the child 's evelic , thon , t un for a heavt - voat . he : ion . this trvat - mont : Indians wno losi et vach other a lalo approvingly . - . taxoien un oespejo y un poco tequile {to four Indians ) ustede frotando mucho ' mano 7 pie , pronto . - vwhilo this thing aro ing produce , Howard instruct : four of tae T 2 '' i to pub the boy' han & poot so that thé blood be somt toward the heart , when the hot towel be roady he placo th on the boy 's belly , after waich not force opui : the boy 's mouth and spocnful of tequila . fresently he ain for the heartbeat , his ore light up . . Tet + boy 's mouth , sure enou , ko hold it to show a faint mist . a murmur run through ths > Howard gous on with the artificicl rospirat : arver a Little wh = avd . while the boy cough . Tho murmur be repe a _— ( content bs y 2 '' 110 . { ( cont .. ) 111 , boy and et eoward in awe . it be hardiy a murmur - it be rather that slight sound which accomponiss e quick insake of breath . tac on looker believe tiuy arc seo & miracle porform . '' shout or any other sign of jubilation woulé bo un - soomly . ' they act we if thoy be under a spell . a now the boy open he eye . no single word be uttere by anyono present . prey simply look at the awakencd Howard help the little boy to sit up . 's he child look around he , wonderingly , at all the faco , he eye finally rest on the strange pearde face of th : 'o White mon . than he south pucker up and ha berin exeupt for the erving of the child , therd be to cry . a not even the sauffle ‘of no other soune in the 7 _. feat . - Howard put he hand briefly on the Little boy 's . read then turn to go . : set - : 7 howard : | . . buenas nochos . a so , , no answer be moude . again the way be cloar for he . the eye of the Indians turn with he as he pass , ~ and thoy exe full of ewe . '' . ' " prssonv ee go : day ext . mountain . 25 {2d there burros pull seot of the plat move along the trail . howard 's ration dia it and some Boy scout trick . '' I think it oe be more shock than grown . eo have not swetlow much water . mayda he be 5 24 when diving . ~ over sceue from 's distance , though scund of a voice -- & '' ee thet e es ment voice in '' long draw out call . now whatl curtin : . ‘ye get somsthing on we heel . look in the directio : of the call they soo a of horseman come tut view . again they reach for they weapon and make roady to dufend themselves , but whon they pursuer arrive thoy be ths Indians of the night before , the partner put they weapon _ ( contentesy CO sa sao off bis debt to mo for save ll ( conte ) es '' aside and grect then . as bofore , it ia the father of the little poy who do the tallcing . : '' a , imdian : * ocsr 7 4 porgue se van ten pronto , senore ? . . howard : — ~ tonemo negocios importante en durangoe : ms + indian : .- : pero genore , no se vayan tan pronto . cueromos guo esten . con nosotros aungue sea una semanase . . eovard '' . : * muchas gracias por le invitactone ~~ pero nocositamo estar on durango on una semanae '' : india . ' pero senor , usted salvo ja vida oo . ami nijiso . Si lo gejo que se . .. vaya sin mostrarle gratitud no - . os tenare pordon do dioge cy _° dobb : howard > . het have return llese and be . went to pay 's ; im to -his guest . . he sont lifo , by feast ane honore we . otherwise * - he belicve he will ourn in hede . los dobb _ ( leugh ) b tell hin to forges it . lo ) owe you a thing . oa howard : I ( to the iniian ) - coe Le mi mayor recomponsa tuo el : . . gusto auc senti cuando ol | : : nino aorio los oja . mee ( continued ) i q mo : * . indian : pero senor , tongo cue pagaric mis deuda . Si no so mo enojarian todo loa Santos del cielo . venga por favor , 212 ( cont . 1 ) + howard = : ( to he partner oot who be laugh oe cee ne at hin ) : _ " @his be no laugh matter . I be * afraid het daterminod to show '' ‘hig gratitude even if it mean teking we back to the villago as prisonorse : . : dobss : * ( cut in ) . 's saba , homoro . iio poder quedar .s no . no. imposiblo , ; sabe ? ~ dobb push ' shrough the Indians , rougnly .. qhey et he pass , dut form a detorminee circle aroun é Howard . . see ixpiat : |. . : ( to dobb ) .~ a usted of i . . ~ ts ) . ° , ( anxiety show : plainly on he face ) ipa it make no great difference what you two do , bub it havo to come . - : dobb : so it 's like thet . taney only want yous we : howard '' ~ look lika ite dobe : . oxay . gowith tom . stay a dov os day , then follev we to durangyoe vetll meet you thoro , . howard : - wnat about my pack ? — — ' : / ( contiiiz } tld 111 ( cont .2 ) + : : . . * curtin : take they along with you . ~ : . ' dobb : Im against that . if they be to - discover what 's in they they might forget you be they nonore guest and nop you or even kill you . in - any case , word . would get out and then - '' no trail vould be sefe for you to ° travel alone , _ howard : . ( at a loss ) : '' 0 all right . whettll I do -= spill my goods out right here on the ground ? curtin : I oe wetll take jem with we if you want . + we to and wait for you ain durango . if you be hold up longer than a week . or so we might go on to the port and deposit you goods at a bank there , - howard : | ( after 2 pause ) ~ I reckon shat ! 's about the only solution there 1s . . curtin take out a piece of paper and @ pencil , : curtin «= .° sol tf we do not meet at durango you - . goods ! il be devosite in the ' banke 7 ing company , i wetil tell the. manager ' you hold this receip . vetll leave - we signaturé with hin to identify ' you . here 's a receipt . okay ? - '' howard : okey , mayoe after I have stay . with rno tem a isthe while this fellow will - - let I have & horse to ride to durango , I may get there only a day or .tvo be -~ hind you . : . to curtin give he the recoipt . '' ss . 7 gurein : ts thattil - be fine , good luck , ol man . hoe , _ pirst curtin , then dedb shake hand with Howard , ~ ~° ( continued ) 121 ( cont .3 ) awe doet : yeah , all the luck in the vorld . wetll sure foel lone some without you , but like uy - hurry up and join use Sunday school teacher say , . - ; . ye have to swallow ¢isappoint= '' oc . ment in this sad lifo , " curtin : dobb 's : . dontt go get mix up with '' any of that indian dame . pretty smart some of . tom be . look ous @ squew do not marry . yous he slap Howard 's back . howard : ( try to joke ) maybe I will do just that . pick mo out a good- look squaw che parry she , they be easy to feed ' ané gress and ontertein , - and they do not nag at you oither , so long , partner , * see you in durango . 's he turn avay 90 eye . the indian i ride , after the old up behind he in the sacdal stert pack toward the villag ' % see the rt 's dobb and curtain : ( together ) : dobb and curtin turn to the durros ' and star once more on its way , '' coos : 112 ... ext . ths villac as the trooo occasion for be await turn frou 's som great glory of they v diss of Indians enter with Howard , tin he '' n horse hovard lis to the inctan get no joyfully , they % the train olve tos té 's a grea celebration , Young éné old people they choer h tory in as though hencs of woret & 2 . ( con no hed be - pr tne srount tinued ) 112 ( conte ) . : be the cue for the fiesta to begin hoe be in the center .of everything , iv be to he though musician pley and the singor sing ; for nin the dancer dance . + 113. lot . dissolve to : ountain a high steep pass - dobb and curtin , they breath come in agonizing gasp , struggle up the trail , beat though purros , push then on , snoulder to quarter , svory fow yard they havo to vhalt to give they pound hnoart a rest , = . dobb : ( raise the water pottle to drink be not i¢ always he burros that | yvont4 - mersn-inckine - and stray off - and smash they pack ageinst - the- - treesmand - poelese I wish they ! d | vreale - off though trail and drop down . coe 'a few thousand feat of gorge ana ~ _cpeseetheizrebon , what vas in you head when you offer to carry he gocé ? as ig he could not manage if , he know what he be go whon a3 turnec then over to we . mighty cute of hin , be not it , : manage of | curtin : ywantt the uso of railing ageinss the old man , it will not co any goods ~ save you breath for that next piece - of trail . dobe : iim stop here for the night . if you want to go on itis okay dy I , only take she old ment purros with you , . they ain 's my rosponsibility . curtin : . ( look at the sun ) ttge still early .- wo might make - . four or five mile nore before derkc . '' / dobb : no one 's order you to carp she you can go twenty mile mora for I care . - ve 115 ( cont . ) , curtin : ( lose he tomper ) order mo ? you ? though 's order who to do anything . you talk like you be boss of this outrit , dobb : oe uote maybe you be , let 's hoar you say it .- 4 oe ‘he look as though he woro . ts . yeady to spring upon curtin ) curtin : Le . _° okay , if this be as far as you can 60 _ . ye - : : dobb : so _ . '' whe say it be ? . rno pate ( he advance a stop on > a a : : curtin ; he face be dark : and wieckod look in he . anger ) dontt make I laugh , I can go four time as far as a mug like yous it ' dontt wen to go any further that 's all , I could tut I do not want to , see , mat . : . curtin : ' whatts though good of holler , we be stsrcvoc on oil - lize it or not , will get to for all right , letis camp hore , 1 that wes my he bogin to unload the burr stand next to he . curtin come close ané give he @ hand as che joo . dissolve tos 114 . night ~ dobe and curtin by the campfire curtin : I wonéer what the old mant do now ? dobb : . ' finish a moal of roast turkey and a pottie of tequila most probably . curtin : pais be the first day volve nec to handle everything withous he holp , ' once we gov the hang of it , 43721 bo lot caster . + ( continuzs ) cc 114 ( cont . ) '' dobe : . how far from the railroad do you i . will ero ? curtin : not so far as ths crow fly , 's dobe : but we be not crow , curtin : : I figure woe can make though high pass in two day more . thon it will de three or four day before we get to the railroad , . that 's figure no hard luck on the trail . : curtin put mor wood on the fire . '' dobb sit stare +o space , all at once he laughse dodd laugh again , louder this tine '' for he , aid he ? wotli show hin} _ curtin : aan ( look around o% dobb ) . whatts the joke ? : : curtin : yont you lot I in on it , dobdsio ? . dobss : bo in on it ? sure tf will , . surce . ( to koep on jaughing ) '' curtin : well , go anoad , spill it , 's what 's so funny ? , ott dobe : tr just come to mo what a bone - hoad play that olG jackass make . when ho put he pack in we keep , . curtin : how do you mean ? dobe : ss figure to lot we do he sweat : ( he laugh again ) | : cummin : 0 ywoat ave you get ab ? doss = : man , can not you soe . ztet all ours now , we do not go pack to tne . port , savvy . not at alle — '' ( coneinde } 1214 ( cont .1 ) curtin ( unabla to beliove : he oar ) I do not follow you , dodbsic . . dodss : . ' 4 . do not be such a sep , where would you grow up ? all right , to make it plain to _dumbehoad like you -- wwe tako all tha goods and go straight up north loawing . the old jackass flat . . . curtin : you be not serious be you ? you canis really mean whet you 'ra say ? / . doess 5 _* ' I nover say anysh I conte mean curtin put another stick of wood on the fire than ha - goze up at the claar night sky . . curtin : ( Zinally ) 4s long as I can stand on my '' two log . you will not take a single grain irom the old mon 's goods , you understand ? ( emartily : >evo , suro I do . for sea very nly what you moan . you want to cak for yoursolf and cut mo out prt we ie no , dobos. ita on gho lovel . with '' old man exactly es I would oo on though ~ hovel with you Li you worent hore '' bonbs : . ( take up nis pouch and : oe 7 start fill he pine ) - ' mayoo I dontt nood you at all , ake it alono . T aonté need no out . side help , buddy ~ ( he laugh ) Te . . . . curtin : °° ( look hin over _ from head to foot ) * - I sign that receipt , '' pos bs : - so do I , what of it . I have signoé many receipt in my lifo . curpin : a I guess I 'vo sign thing , too , I forgoy about before though ink wo ory , ( * the 114 ( cont .2 ) . . curtin : ( cont . } put this caso be ¢ifferent . the old man work lie a slave for what he get . be _°. be herder on he olé as ho 's be thon it + be onus , I do not respect many thing _ain life , out ono thing I do respoct s- | '' a wont right to what hol work anc : - slavod for honestly . : oa : er : dobss = 9 ° geb off you soapeox , will you . you '' '' . only succeed in sounding funny out hero - in though wildernoss .. anyway , I lmow you . '' for what you aro , I 'vo always have my * suspicion about you , now I imow I !ve ' boon right , . . os : curtin : '' : what suspicion be you talk agout ? dobss : - . soe you can not hido anything from mar , brother I see right through you . for somo tira : you have have it in you mind to bump I off at though first gooG onportunity and bury ro somownaro out here in tno bush like a dog sol you cculg meko off nos only with the old man 's goods but with mine in though bar ~ gain , : curtin smoke ais head in a daze way , his pip crap dose : . ( continue ) : when you roach though port safely you will laugh like the devil , will not you , to think how duno though old man and I wero not to guess what be droy wise to you , dbabo , curtin look into dobn 's oyo , at once fascinate enc terrificd by though malignancy he seas , Ho trio to pull he eyo away from dobas - cannot , of cover he agita~ ' ion he bond down to pick up he pipo . dobdos , '' mis= take this for nostilo , draw he gun , '' of . dobb : - 7 another move , brother , and I pull the triggor , gat you hand up , ~° 7 . + ( shouting ) ° : tg .- up , up ! . a . curtin raise he '' hand , dobss : Higher . curtin oboy , dobd smilo , satisficd , nod he boad .. not ( continued ) '' lice 114 ( go .3 ) dobb : be I right or be t? you and you sunéay school talk protect other | pooplot goods , yous ( yoll suddenly ) stand up and take it like & mane . curtin riso slowly , he hand still in the aire | _ + debdb roach for curgin 's gun . as ho do so . - he own gun go cli . '' for a fraction of a second ° . ho be surpriscd , curtin , instinctively sonsing : he opporsunity , land dond a hard blow on the ' jaw , knock he to the ground . he throw bine self upon doob quickly ond disarm hime thon. ha " _. spring up ond step a fow pace pack . + . - curtin : ( two gun point . at dooos} ) .. the card aro deal though other way - now , dooddsio . do bs : so I soe . : , curtis ( calmly ) listen to I . youtro ell wrong . . ns do I ovor intend you any harm , _ like + for you and yours 14 for the old man . kot for 2 to rob you or '' dosis : = '' if you really moan what you say then hand over wy cannon , 's -. curtin wave the gun in he hend , 's thon break 1t opon and empty Zhe cartriage out . he throw it un in the air , catchos 4 % cowboy fashion , then hold 3 % out toward dobb . - doob look at it sneeringly . dobb : hy pal . . he spit , thon retire to he former place by the fire , . a long silonce follow , break only by curtin . curtin : * woulént + it be better , though way thing stard , .to separata tom morroye= - or this very night ? , . dobl = os that would suit you fino , worldantt it . ( continued ) gu 114 ( cont .4 ) curtin : ( perplex ) why I more than you ? dobb : “ee so you could foll on mo from be= . a hind , sneak up and shoot I a n' the back , noo ' curtin : ' i'l go ahoad . ts dobr : . : " fna wait for no on the trail one - ambush I ? my pal , vo : curtin : _ why should not I do it horo end now . '' _ 4 for imoant to kill you . y dobb : ea '' till toll you why . you be yollos , you : don !s caro pull though trigger whilo it look at you in the eye that 's why . : wt cuatin : if you hat , I can not sec any way ous io you up every nighte dobb : oe ( sneering ) . coma on and try to tie 10 " ude : curtin and dobb sit look at each other , eoth mon be oxhoust after the hardship of the day . curtin know he be in for a night of horror . uo can not afford to go to sicoa oven 4 for dodd goas for ‘how be he to know if dobb be roally aslocp . or , on the othor hend , if dobb be not feign , what be to keop he from waking upe '' curtin yarn . dobb : ft . _ ( laugh ) : . t3711 maxo you a bot . ' throo time thirty -five , be a kundrod and divo . I vet you a hundred and fivo thour sand dollar you go to sleep bozora ido . mo Ho laugh again . : dissolve fo : 115 116 ext . the trail day the pack train on the move , dobb in the lead . curtin walk like a man in a trance , stumbling every so often out of exhaustion bring on by the sleepless night . now he eye be actually close . he be hold on to one of the burros ' pack , let the animal guide he step . observe this , dobb halt and stand aside on the trail let the train pass . some instinct cause curtin to open he eye just before come abreast of dobb . curtin : ( reach for he gun ) get up there ahead of the train . grinning , dobb obey . dissolve to : campfire off the trail as on the night before , the two man sit a few foot apart , face each other . curtin 's eye finally begin to blink . he get up , walk back and forth . dobb never stop look at he . presently curtin sit down again . it be not long before he head drop forward . dobb start to crawl over to he . curtin jerk awake and draw he gun . dobb laugh . dobb : a bear night watchman . I have to hand it to you . you should try for a job at a bank . dobb stretch out full length , lie on he side , look at curtin . curtin 's eye start blink again . each time he open they it be a great effort . it be as think heavy weight be attach to each lid . finally they remain close . not that curtin be asleep -- it be simply that he eye need a few second ' rest . he be determine not to go to sleep -- determine . both fist be clench with the effort . even after he head have drop forward on he chest the knuckle show white . when curtin 's breathe be deep and regular , dobb get up , go over to he , and relieve he of he gun . then he kick curtin in the rib . dobb : the card be deal once more -- another way , and this be the last time . no more shuffle . ( continued ) 126 ( cont , ) . 115 . - curtin : ae. {tries to rise ; mumoLos ) what card do you moan ? tay whoro you aro . finish thing up right now . dobb : I be go to . no more order from you such as I have to swallow today . get mo ? curtin : ( he ls too sleopy to " - comprenend ai1 that be - go on about he ; voice thick ) '' you mean you be go to murder I ? - dodd kick hin again to arouso he , . noy orothor , not murder . mistake . my 1i fe ' oho lo ox yeah ? answer £ you want til Tel - and make goods -= hetll be dobb : you itm do it to save waich youtd , be teking . st instant I stop at you . '' curtin : get the old man . hothi 's with you . just walt and see . - dobb : iil he ? well , I get the or that when the time come . to know what i!11l tell he ? 1 he you tie I to 2 tree you getaway with all the yours , mine and he . then dook for jouy not 's for I , ~ ee lanais as if this be the bost joke hetd over hear , curtin , fi though sleopiness ont kick he again , up now , and march whero I today I have to march to you musice ~ of he system , but fail . dobe : . toll you . now you be to march to mine , ' Whore to curtin : ( lurchos upright ) eee march ? * ( continued ) - ving to keep awake , try to sheko dobb ~ 116 , 116 ( cont .1 ) ' ~ dobb : to you funcreal , ° curtin move in a droam . dobb grab he brutally - by the collar , push he ahead into though brush , dobss : ~ koep go . , . : curtin : foot it - please , let I havo just another , " hourt sloop . itm all in . tz can not / of march any longer . and lect the. burros . '' + 2 have another hour too . Tho poor . . boast -- they be ell ovor- work and " .° they back arc soro , . ( he fall ) . dobb :. : : ( ehele curtin ) : get up . keep go . youtll have ° time enough to sleep in a minute , ' with dobb close behin they aro far enough in '' ws he pistol and shoot , ing and kick , '' to suit dobb , he dar curtin go dom like a fell tree . dovb stand over he for a few second , pistol in hend , ' then he pond down and listen oriofly . hear no sigh and no moen ; ise od , outting he pistol back in the holster , return to though campfire vhere he sit and stare . into the flan presontly he turn he faco . around toward the bush whore curtin be , it 's as : though he expsct curtin to appuar ovt of the carkn dodb : {to ninseif ) : mayoo I do not bump he off . maybe . ho only staggore and drop 's to , the ground without be hit , 's fis eye turn vack to the fire whoro they remain . stare . suddenly he jump up , take a thick picce : of burn wood out of she fire to uso ag a sorch and rush back into the bush . . : curtin be lie motionless in the samo snot where . dood have - loft he , debsb lean ever , go to put he hand against the breast of 's victim , then jerk he hend avey , ne hold she vurning stick noo» curtin 's e , move lt ang forth , but thero be - not oven flicker of en eyelash , . ( coutinue ) 136 ( cont .2 ) : . dobos straighten up and turn away again , but before he goas ten foct he mull ous he gen , square around and let curtin nave another shot to make absolutely aure , have fircd tha gun , ho look at ite gee dobas= not . : {to himself ) .. lieeaa look batter this way . ‘( he throw though gun | r+ toward where curtin -.' tye ; mutter } mo : tele he anyhow , : ( thon he go back to the fire and ro - sume he former position ; he shiver , then : ) '' co this fire do not give any roal heat . I 'a ought to 'vo bring more stick : dn before dark , I will not go back ny : a . into the bush now snc get then , . . a - oe ( he got he blanket , ae : : . and roll up in it } oo '' they win 's find hin . I will éig 'ot hole first thing in the mor ning . Ho close he ove .. suddenly ' they aze oper and ha be . sit up , stare into tha surround ding bush ; then , he haven co himseir . , dobe : conse c , conssienco . waata ' thing . if you bclievo you have get 2 comecione , it will paster you to death . but de you do not poliove you have get one , what can it do . to tes we you ? hake mo sick so much talk - and fussing abous nonsense , - : eee I to go to sloop . - - - he close he eyo , but not for vong . after a few second they be open again and 1 he 3 stare into the fire , . 117 . mcrning of dobb be just fan be not oas y who 3 . commas se - 117 ( cont , ) : . ' shirt be drench with swea$ and nis impationce amount ; to rage . io iick on of the boast savagoly when a pack slip , es though it be though burro 's fault , by the time the sack train be poady to start , the sun be high in though heaven . but thore be one mor tasie aweit - ing dobb , tie have leave a spade on though ground in ansi- cipation of it . tis pick up the spade and start into '' though bush , tut he only goas a stop or two belora 's stoponir . . - dobe : — Fe of might be potter to leave hir where ‘ho be . ai not very likely anybody '' would happen on he in thera , if '' < they do they would just as like to fine '' . " a grave as a body . bandit wouldn !¢ . rave bury hin . ina weelt time the tiger ané wild pig and the mote ' buzzard and the ant will have . tot do away with he entiraly , .. . hile ho 1s stand thus , irresolutoly argue with - himsel ? , there be .a cry from not far gistart ; shriil as as woman 's scroam , it cut into dodd like a imife . his hand start tremble and ho tottor in he track , on ; dobb : ' what 's get into I ? that , 1 . at mn be only a tise , hg sta ns aeg ve cushy , ee pull himself together and , in a attemst to st off he foar , sake another step forware i again ho feltor , . dobb : yo. . do not '' thing y and try and reach though ratircad soon as possible , bo loaf the bush , coe back to the burros , shout at they , the train be onca siore on its way . Bus immedi - ately trouble bogin . a burro go out of hig wey to scrap against a rock , the pack shifis on he pack so that its weigh be ell on one side of the aninal , who 's ss staggor , then fall , dobsb3 must umhitch the burro , +. get he cack on he foct and do the whole job of pacic - . ing he up ovor arain . ' indie ho be about shis , though other animal scatter , at last he succaed in round thom up and get thom all onto the trail again . but he difficultics have . only start . ' when hoe march at the head of the tr the animal in the rosr scray off and when be at it rear , the leador eit : btod or goos off the trail , Ho ras to run up and cow she train like a dog keon a flock of snoop togothar . - Bus prosontly , strenuous effort the . l19 .- 117 { cont .« 1 ) '' 2 . animal aro all in single file and go in tha right '' direction . oo 7 dobb : - cos '' ( rosume the argu - . se 2s ment with hinself ) ' better not to bury he . I do '' pight . yeah , the chance of '' - anybody happen on he insido |. a woekis a no ty slim onopee be and there will not be much of anything leave of he by thon . only he - elothosaee what I should have go | _mayba , . .undressad he and bury so '' wis clothes and leave he for tha 's ... : wild pig ard the ant and , the - - : : puzzardseve . oo for set ' he stop suddenly . a appal expression cone over he face .. no . . doess : : eeee buzzard ! they ! il be soon cirelin overhead , sverybocy do : avound 'l1l lmow somothing 's coad ... c cs '' . + |. something bigger 'o a coyote . : ( no loo !s up at the sky . thor groune wit 4h rel ef ) they be not spot hin you . luexy on = : por ns , oot mo time in gost the animel turn on che trail : neudod a toward last night 's campsite . upon resching it ho tias a rone around the nock of aach burro , fas ten it to though yurro ahead , then ho tics though load burr to a fie take the spade out of one of the pack and move quict kly to though task ocfore hin . reaching , the busi he hesitates again briefiy , then plunge ahead . camera dolly ahoad of dovss as not pushos he way through , disrogard the bramole which tear he faco ané hand when he ' gate to th place , curtin 's body be not thor 6 . dobb cannot to - ilove he '' eyc . = pub they , then look again .. he be so 2 . dobb : : versus be this be the place right nore . : ' I lmow it be , . . - novortholess , bo begin to look around , '' erawle shrourt though underbrush , rcace open the poliage , peor mye pt deat and vignt a pocome more excited every socondé , ~- y : dgbl : Fe could not have fly away i y his nervousnogs tha point of hysteria . urey ome * 117 ( cont . 2 ) | 118. , dobb ! mind delve gropingly into the problem . . . 220 . dobb : . : fcall ) . : . curtin . where be you ? curtin . his voice como touncing back at he from a canyon wall ~~~ " curtin . Whore be ? curtin . " the echo cause he a moment of roal terror . dobe ; 7 : ( to himself ) oe I gotta get hold of myself . *.’ must not lose my head . one - thing , certain , he be not here . . he come up with a solution , : , * dobb : to sa I / get it . Tho tigor , it @ragse =~ he off , that 's what , to its lair , very soon not even & hone ' will be leave to tell the tale done as if by order . : . the camera pan with he , leugh delightedly , as he - stert out of ' the bush on back toward the campsite , pack animal ag dobb come up . miraculously no accident have noceur in he absence . thoy.are all in line wait for though kiex that will set thom into motion , this doob doliver , . dobb : 7 , : _ curtin didntt ery when I shot he . " 2 " not a sound out of he . ' I just ~ , aropped like 4 tree fall . co ‘( after a momsnt ) " funny the way he leg and arm be twisted around . I could have laugh right out . ( né chuckle ) *. just to think , one slug and . finish . '' a whole life . : . ( he chuckle . again ; after & monion ) . ' Tiger get he ell right , take he up in ais jaw and carry he off , must have ocen 2 big tiger -- @ - poyal tigor . they can jump over a - fonee with a cov in they mouth , foe ( suddenly ) . - ' mis gun - -- it be not there oitnor , : ( compuwed ) de | 116 ( cont . ) ... ° . , dobb : ( cont . ) '' so . _ no tiger would have take that gun avayess . oo . haybde not crawl around in though bush . tf ho ronch & villaga . - 's + nearest _ village be twonty mite . take he . two day anyweye that 's all though start I nood --+ | vamo ! vamost - prontol '' <. dissolve . 203 ° - / '' nie . ext . nightfall deep in the BUSH . a indian charcoal burner be tonding he fire . a SOUND '' '' that be different from the othor noise of the wilder - ness , cause hin to pause in he work and listen . - locate the sound , he pick a burn brand from the fire , roach for fis machotte and with cautious movo - mont , go06s to invastigate . tha indinn push aside a hoavy bougn , reve ing , in the flickoring transient light of he torch , the rigure of curtin , all in rag and with a bloody hora . curtin look at the indian but dog . not saan to sege he keops on crawl forward , e after soveral moment , '' no indian recover from he ~ .. dnitiar powildernon anc calis for help . . ° : india : hidalgo , ven pronto equi . : von a ayudermde . then ho go to the aia of curtin , indian : a - pero que le paso , sonor ? lo ataco un tigre , of que ? fie raise curtint pody , get a arm ovor he shoulde , support hin out of sho thickes . a second indian . appear from though bush on the opposite sido of the char ~ coal fire . Ho also be dumbfounded at the bloody spectacle the white man makade : lo first indian : ' mire a oaste pobre hombre , parece extranjero_y quo lo ataco un tigra . ayudeme vievarlo a la rancheria , andale . : . . thoy carry cursin to the fire , tower he to the ground , thon hurricdly set abo cutsing sapling +o mako & littor , as they aro qifting curtin : onto the litter - dissolve to : G 120 . 1213 ext . trail mo . shot , pack trazn day : a desperate pace , kick - dobb be drive though ani ing thom clong and boatin with sma flat side of he machotto . Tho inevitaoie finally napponse one of the poor boast 005 down and cannot risa dospita though plow dodd rain upon ise even after nis pack be ro - move , he will not get up . , the other burros ara too heavily load to tee on tha extra woight of whet be in . though fall ' purrot pack , so averything 4n excess of though sack of gold , a tew hide , and of little wator , must be discard . oa eo fee . dobb : so zt can not bo moro than threa day from the railvoad track , one . wator skin ought to soe mo through . '' he goos to work roarranging the pack . . +7 dish lve . 20 : 2 , adobe hue howard she old man have obviously doar y. fot indian girl of fitveen ench at he , keep orf the of toquilia basiae nim on one ensconce on & harmo load the lize or R 7 gixtecn wava a ie fly . tere be 4 CO box , '' without over 070 : 3 he oye , Howard tool lor it , find it , and rei be to he lip thereby vinsi : 's 3 2 > one noe a . down tha last of & posse chickon , over scs - = shi howerdt host appege . gursin in the bush sl scnor es un gran Doctor . sou of hcotaeat . with the indian wao a point at hoy , a toward : ( still not open he eye ) co que dice , amigo ? : : hos ?: , a oiga , senor Doctor . este hombre gs a3 un poblado lejano y tiene algo de inversos que convarld.e | . Tho indian squat down in though sand beside Howard 's hamnock whila the host continuo - though atte = , ; hose , . tasaro , aqui , 05 car yor.gr > andeaba - . tradajanio cuanco oo cigo on in melezae crovo quo sorta un tigro pore al fi se y jarse vié que era un homore cue have arrastrab , cusierta da songre casi miertoe 125 , . 121 ( ( cont . ) ' hoard : ting up with hombre 2 . indian : o. ei be tiono el pelo castano yojos . meet .a@zule . es muy alto y parcce — - oxbranjoro.e . . . most : creo es uno de sus companero , wg indian : : '' esta muy malo . perdi¢ 's mucha -- - gangre . Si usted mo acompana - > " pronto puede que le salve la vida . . howard : mio prestan un caballo ? host : seguro , y haste vemo con ustad , camera pan with kowerd and he host on thoir way to the corral , Tho host call : : : . . nosst : . vamo todo a Zapupa , '' donde est herido el amigo del gran doctor . they're on . the horse in no time at all , and riding off agallop . : et . : -dissolve to : 222 , ext , wild and rocky wasteland not oo dobb get down on he hand and imeo study the mapa his face be haggard ; the cheekbone be more prominent '' ' shan before and there be a frighten , haunt look in - he eye . . . . of dobb : ae I do not get it . St ( he look around he ) wherot the Rio de 1a seucolla ? . accord to this map ' I be sit on its bank with my foot in though water , . _ ( continued ) c '' 2 N 122 ( cont . ) Ho take the canteon off ono of the burros , weigh it in jais hand and drink sparingly . after he have scrowod the cap on again and hang though canseen back in placa he lcok around . a litter of crush ane daadvood ara pilad up on either side of a narrow wind gully . dodss frown .. his mind be dull and to be slow to comprohond the mean ~ _ ing of what ho sag . when ha do he grunt , thon whinos slightly 1lika someone whot pean hit a hard blow in though stomach ... : a : , ' dobb : . . I : this be the saucolle ! .... all . woo dry up . Tho rivor that do not - fost - have any water in it in theo wintor .. up the map with . troxbling hand , '' stare at it .. a - . dobb : . lo. : - porty mile to porla . - the et we ( ho turn back to tha : : .. , ° ganteen , woigh 1 % a : again in he hand ; give it a circle motion ) jo ®ho next instant not i jeick the du>ros ' savagely and shouting at tha top of - 8 icich for he lung . pobss : : . gos on , damn you , . vanost - diss lve 20 : 123 . howard examine curtin , wash he wound , pour tequilla in he , . curtint 's condition be greatly improvec , ( smoking a cigarette . : ' as ho talk ) icama to in tha middle of the night , my gun .was bosice mo on the ground , Ho musttve loft it there to make 1t look like suicide , tnero wear four ompty sholis in it -- only one live wnillot .. I figurad hota come back again in the morning to sco if t still nad a fiiekar of lifo . tf think of wait for he a lot he heave it , cut thora be a good chance , in my con ition , I mignt miss , so = decide to erawl avay like a poisonad goge - : ( concietss ee be ) 123 ( cont . ) ) howard : fako it oasy , som . youtro talk . too much . . curtin : do not you worry about I . I ?ll pull out of this if only to get ' that guy howard : toe . 80 it anpaar we fine tte . dobb have make off with the whole train and be _ on he way north . of , curtin growl . _ howard : ( continue ) well , I rockon we cantt blame hin $ 00 much . curtin : what do you mean by that ? howard : . TI moan hot not 4 real killer as killer go . 1 think ‘ho 's as honost as the noxt 's Zellow - -- 0r almost . the mistake be in leave you two elonoe in though depth of the wilder - ness with moreno hundrod thousand botwoon you . thavls 4 mighty 625 temptation , veliove mo , partnor curtin : o he shot mo down in cold blood and after I be down , shot mo & seconde time to make absolutoly suro . toward : . tr I wear still . young and I have peon - blono with you or he out thora ; i'd . havo be tempt too . maybe I : . youléntt have fall , but I reckon : I 'dtvye be sua anongh tempt . '' -* ( hat put on tha . jast bandage ) — there . youtro almost as food as now , now to go and find that thief and get we goods back . ( no turn to the + indien ) -.° '' Si no liego & durango para manana nocho pordera todas rie fortuna . '' prostoma un caballo . so lo devolvard.e |. . * ( conpinued ) 123 ( conte ) indian : un cavallo ? seguro que sie - '' vamos ir con ustod para qua - no le pase algo como a ou companarde a < howard cs ( to curtin ) ~ " wot only be they give mo a horse _ but they aro come along to koep I from eng harm : curtin , sit up , reach for he clothas . + roward you be not coming " . curtin : who say 50 ? hovard : we! 11 hava somo hard riding to do 's and you woulé not be up to 's ite you 'ro too woake curtin : - you arent + leave be vohinc , s000 " ( ho got to he foet , stand svieve in he ywoauness ) howard : - - take at yousesgc. woak as B new " . _. bear kitton . do not worrye '' oo - do all in my powolese et curtin : . will ( interrupt ) . - : I be go . *% howard : '' . ( look hin up : and dow , then : ) -- . I reckon you be go . - may ye start out of the room ; curtin followse - dissolve to : ~ 125 . close shot bong shot pack train he trail hes turn into a dirt road cover with fine duss . a plume of dust set up by povk and the animal hang in the air . : . : - dobb at the head of the train Tre dust riso each tine ha put a foot down . he be the same color all over -- face ; clothes , handas < - the pale gray of the road . only he eye be dif - _ . oe ferant , appear @arker by contrast . every so often a burro brayse . dobb be move 's in a nightmare at time the land - scape revolve as thourh he be the center of a great turn wheel . every so often the ground he be - walk on rush up at he ané deal he a vicious blow in the face , ' whenever this hapven . he must spit ' and blow to get rid of the dust that gat into he mouth and nose . now and then he mumble incoherently e-his dry and thicken tongue and swollen lip ere incapable of form the sound that make word . he 3 $ almost to the place refore he know :. a clump of tree by a pool of ' rackish water , at first he think it be a trick of he mis g-- somathing conjure up out of he suffer . he russ he forehead with the back '' of he hand thon , move slowly , he leave the road and pass into the cool shade . the burros be te- fore he to the water , they leg spread wide end they muzzle stomerge . pobo get down on he knee and drink beside thom . he splashes the water over himself . it 's as though it have miraculcus power . he laugh wita deligat . tt be only a Little time before the madness goea out of he mey , dobos address nis reflection in the water dobe : make it . . I made.it. the reflection of another face show in the pool above dobos ' . the ugly , grin face of & man wear a palm leaf hat paint gold . dobos turn slowly around and get to he foot . behind gold hat two other be stand and they too be grin . gold hat : | os tiene un cigarro , hombre ? hava you get a cigarette ? doer : nattempt noncna lance ) yo I have not , but itve for a few pinch of tobacca if chat will do . : ( conpinged ) - cs lede 125 ( cont . ) . - we ' gold hat : . soo ( '' : _ and paper to roll it in ? ™~ oo : . , dobb : - - ifve get a bit of newspaper . ( he telcos a piece out of ris pocket and hand it together with he tobacco pouchk to gold hat ) .. . >» gold tat : ten . match . he ot ( it 's on order ) - 's depb hand he a box of match . + gola hat light - : _ up , then : : . . a . gold hat : - ' ;. go to durango ? . * dobrst to - yes , that 's where Tim heaéed I be go to sell ny purros , I need '' bo money . I have not get a red cent , . : _ dodd think no be be very clevor in ansvoer ( > . thus . . to : " gord hat : | @ heed money too . sack he todacco pouch . doob oo ang pill he pipa . he tax plenty of time , he be try to appear in no way worried or afraid . a : : gold tat ont pon ba : *- . ~ I could use a good mule ' drivore - ~ or two oy three . : a '' gord hat : . ( laugh } bn 's could ' you ? _ whenever gold hat laugh the othor vo do also , even though they do not undoratand English . - mo , . . : . gord hat : _ , how much 2s the pay ? 0 I . . . tlosns + . . bwo peso aplecce of cowse it cantt ' pay in advanco . - t!11 pay you waen have ate get to town and I get somo cash . . - gold hat : . surceseee aro you alone ? : . , nconti Te 125 ( contel ) - . . . dobb hesitates , then : - lo. . be mf . dgbbs : --. ohno , itm not alone . tro of my - friené be come on horseback . - ' they will be here any minute now . . '' gold fat : that 's funny .... 4 man all by he - - self in bandit country with a string .. of burros , nis friend behind he . — - on horsebde . nck . oan ( not addressos he two * companion in Spanish ) Pablo , asomate al camino yo o- -' _ve si vionen.do jinete . : | the second bandit get up slowly , go over to '' the '' road ane look tovard the mountain , - . ... = _.. oe : : second bandit : ~ han de ostaz mas lojos de lo - que cl cree . ni 1. siautera el oe polvyo se diviss eas gold hat : : to dobb ) moo . you friend m mus® have very far . behing you . Pablo can not sce any dust even from they horse , what 9° . - have you get in the pack ? {he walk over to the purre and with he fist pusn and pox the pack ) seema to I like hide . : , doeb : : - it be hide . youtre right . : we : gold eat : - ought to bring quite a lot of money : one dobb go to one of the ' vurros , tighten the 's trap , ' thon he turn to cnother and@ vush against its pack .£o. see if it 's still hold fast . pinaliy he tighnt ~ en he ovn belt , pull pants hivher up , this : to indicate he be ready to male off , .. dobb . I guess I will have to ' peat it nowe .. ° - mow about it ? do you want to come along with I and help with the burros ? ( coxt tisued ) t ~ . . 150 . 125 ( cont .2 ) - . , . . instead of answer , gold fat wink at he companion . dobb see the wink , . his breath stop for a second , , then he kick the lead burro , start the train to - ward the road , tne three bandit edze in among the remain burros and tale they py they halter . . dobb : oo : ( shout ) . daeg get away from my burrose -; : gold eat : : _ - . 7 we can sail shose yurros for just oe as good a price as you would get . pom : get away from that burros I tell you . ( he drav he gun ) jost gold eat : ' you can not frighten even a sick louse . with that . ue ( not point at the gun ) . you can only soot one and no wont — / _mind much because though federalos be after he anyways . so vhat with you gun - - we take that chance . dobb : . . get back there from my buPros . without wait for the tondaiss to avey he aim at gold hat an@ poll tie trigger but the gun elick cold . ..tvico. , . car vine c time . doosb stare ct tne gun in arazem 5s . of do the threo pandit , while dobb be peuomber about the gus , one of thom bend slowly down , pick up a heavy stone , dohb look around fran ally for another mean of defenso or escape . ii glonce poll upon the machete that be tie to the side of one of the burros , he '' leep for it and grasp its baft but as he goos to pull it ont of its scabbard the stone erash against he forehead . . dobb fall ... before he can risc gold hot have the machote . gold hat spring at the fall dobb , the machete upraise ... the reet we see rie. flocted in the brackish water of the dool : the strok af the machete , thon the figure of the three bandit '' stand , eye downward , loot at something on the ground , the vater in tne pool begin to darken gol hat look up from the ground to the machete in he hand , tie touthes he thivm and forefinger to the tip or hig tongue , then ho test the cut edge of the ' blade . too water of the pool be grow darker and darker . . in the excitement over stripping the body , the band forget about 's the burros fho , pay no heed to what have haspen , march off toware bown . gold nat stra ee enaaas ammma the pool admire himself in oc 2 v a 131 . 125 ( cont .3 ) . 1266 much need rest . dobbe !? pants , hold up by dobb ! belt . the other two be have a argement , hash hes a shoo in he mand second pandit : : ; _ dome ese sapato , sinverguenzle oe . . _ es mio . yo lo vi primero . - . third dandit : : wer a mis no I importa quien lo ‘vio do : primero . yo fut el que le dio 7 el piedrazo que lo tumbo . a tl : a no the toca nada . 7 . ° cold hat : : silencio , ledrone habdladore . | - . vale mas quo se callen porque se 7 '' wsare cl machete por sogunicte ses os y por texenor vez sambien . . . + . ( look around he see that the burre have go : off ; he begin to roar ) Dee donde estan lon durtrodedscee : ya se fueron al demonio . andenle a trerios , vandidos inutile . Si llega uno al pueblo nos netera en un cochino iio . : nre burros ction of though village , where nee food await thom and ss be lengthen now and the evening '' ying in . ' when the three bandit finally catch up to the burros the sun have move briskly in they know from pas oo disappear behind the rim of the mountain to the west and night be beginning to fall . they drive though paci train off the road into a thicket of mesauip and get busy . he burros arc unl oad and the vack aro open up . what thoy ' cover be a great cisappoint - ment to thon , GOD fat : =. the ' estas plole no sirve ustan llenas de acujoros . a dada & *n desgracias Si hos dan viento peso por tndas sera muchos nas find 2 number of bag make of loth look at them he scratch ( corr pitue ) 1 t for 126 ( cont . ) * of } mt , . second dandit : ~ : ~ quo gomonios seran estos ? ‘> . sot * hiraee .s ) - a the ( he pour the content of one out onto though ground ) uuuh ..2 05 arena wee . pura : myona coshina eseceeeserscesece = oo '' para que diablos andaba cargando today osta arana ? : . . ( he open one bag after another , spilling the stufft out ) - gold hat , take up a handful of it , look at it elose - '. ly and then tossoa the stuff into though air . ha shake - he hoad , make a circle ber ture with he Zorefinger sit he temple a : : 127 . -. closeup | te 2 yrelom sand : spill on the ground , the wind plow : . 3 co '' ' dissolve les , . ext . trail howard , curtin and thdtans | nigh ? ~ a , all ox hormeback - . two Indians riding ahead of the other rein in . 's when Howard and gurtin come up to they tney eiscaver , ing on the trail , a dead burro and the equinnent dobos discard . they exchenge a. significant look , thon :. . . + mo 7 . - - cure : . cs. iy shoulder sing some , but _ iim olkaye -. . . '' thoy ride on . '' dissolve . 20 : to ee howard : pos ; a " how be you hold up ? pe i i 129 , ° ext . plaza vileage '' early more tg the three bandit appear with thelr pack train . gold : . eat hail a indian youth crossing 's the plaza and gocs ' wp to hin . it be the same boy who , long month borore whon the sartmor be just start out , come into the general store to toll thom there wear some burros outside for they to look at . G old hag : oye muchachos pabe 3 quien quiera comprar uno burros : panne 129 ( cont - ) '' 130 . 151 . 132 . - 135 . close up '' close up the belt with the silver buckle . - a . 153. he walk around the burros inspect the brand , then casually he look at the niga boot which ths second bandit be wear . . : a . . the high boot . a. indian . a ae look . at they . now he gaze shift to gold eat . indian . youth : ( when he be through with he inspection ) pue puede que mis tio se los cormpze , si los vende barato . - ( he wave for they to follow he ) vengan a la tienda de mis tio . camera pan as they proceed across the plaza to the general store , tao youth hail the storexpeper who come out . youth : oiga tio , estos homore quieren vender estos burros . . . ' the storekeeper approach the three stranger with — dignity . . : gold eat : . . . ( with a flourish ) . : Son magnificos burros , senor . Le garantizo que no los encontrara mejore on ninguna parte , - the storekeeper examine they with the utmost care , and while do so he discreetly note the attire of the three mesitsos . camera cut from the boot to the unclo 's sharp eye , then to the trousers on gold Mat . camera move up to a Close up of the belt . buckle . storexeeper : y cuanto pido por estos purros ? ( continued ) 134 . 133 ( cont . ) . . _ gold hat . ( in Spanish ; smile eraftily , narrow he eye , try to ive the imoression that he be a sly old horse tracer well tt acquainted with all . : the trick ) doce peso cada uno es + +e una ganga , entre caballeros . 's storezesper : oe . pue yo no puude congrarlo ; ste ' todo , pero ya vera . angel , - [ lama a la gente cel pusble , pronto . ) usted podra venéerlo al mejor '' precio . Asi los ira bien a todo . ( angel get up and . leave the group ) mientras tanto pueden descansar '' ( he calis into the house } . Zeferina , trainos agua y uno cigarrillos . ' gold hat and he companion squat down on they heel . a young girl bring out & pitcher of water , tobacco and papers . . while they be roll they cigerette the villager begin to arrive . océly enough they all wear firearm or be carry macnete . oosorve this , the three companion glance ? waly at each other . wot wutil the circie be complete and the three companion sur - round do the storekesper spealt . : - stcrekee per ; . amigo , aqui estan tre individuo que vienen del valle 4 vender sus purros .. : : the three so introduce riso and greet the villager . , ce : bandit : of - buenas tarde , scnore . : 2 . storeaee per + - ( suddenly to gold hat ) -' tienen fierro estos burros ? ( continued ) 135 . 133 ( con .21 ) . gold haz : naturalmente que todo tienon fierro . _ he look around the burros to read ths prand , but the villager be stand ina way that cover they up . ; a / storekeeper : ~ a ( quietly ) . 7 a ver e+ . como es ? : goed hag : ( uncomfortably ) . , El fierro ? ... pue €s eess . oy bueno , usted sabe e.eeo 's o8 be oun pueda »o +. con una raya , asl ( he make a sign ~ with he finger ) storexeeper : note ( to one of the villager ) a ver si es cierto . : fod - villager : . no compadre , nunca . the villager leugh a3 though gold ret nad get off a very good joke . 7 - gold eat : ' valgamo , que momorit@essrs sore el ealor .... quise decir .. es una cruz con un circulo '' ( not also make this sign oy _ in the air with nis finger ) °° a storexesper :. : ' a vor sive cierto , amigo : * a - ce villager : no compadre , meno . . ( contimven ) - _ 133 ( cont . 2 ) 136 . this time there be louder laughter ana more 's of it . gold hat look around at he partner . his mouth be open and the sweat be pour off he . . storexebper : : ( take a step forward ) usted no sabe el fierro porque . '' no son suy . Son de tre americano . y como se hizo de esa botas y los - pantalone ? - " gola hat reach back to he holster to pull he gun lop rather the gun that hed once be dobdtb !. to he surprise he find though holster empty . tne weapon be . in the hand of the villager stand benind hin . again there be : laughter and general morriment , gold hat : mae ( swing both fist and look — . at tha mon around he as if ~ | he wear threaten tham all ) - esto os demasiado , puc de que so trase ? ni que fueramo bandidos , storekesper : pue precisamente , eso debon ser . a poco no son los bandidos quo asaltaron el tren , fueron capturados y dospue se escaparon ? the thres do nos wait for the next sentence . with one jump they oreak through the circle of villager . they do not get very far . the villager be after they instantly and tne three companion be ceught pefore they roach the line of adobe house on the other side of the plaza . tha villager start tie they up . be will 2 '' storekeeper : esto compote a las autoridade '' militer . a ver , angel , have a : avisar a 1a guarnicion , inmediatamente , * '' ' dissolve 70 : 135 . - 137 . ext . the dusty road outside . - the villag ‘he camera pan with Howard and curtin and they indian escort . over scens the SOUND of a volley oeing fire . the troop of rider rein they horse in and listen . . curtin : shoot . '' _ oo howard : - a yen -~ 2 volley . execution 's ~ + probably . : - oot . . indian : Si , son los rifle do los federale . . they ride on , spurring they horse into a gallop . camera pan they into she village . - the plaza be desert . they ride to though other end of the plaza - and take a dirt road lead up to higher ground ' where a crowd nis collect . . graveyard Men end boy be snovel dirt into three grave . that gatharec look uD at the approach of curtin , eoward and tne Indians . a voice hail they . voice : . ( over scene ) lo ah .. senore amoricano es - . _ cuanto gusto de volver a vorlo . bien . : it be the storekeeper , who come forward with out - - stretched hand . Howard end curtin dismount and groet hin , i storekeeper : '' siento tenerle muy mala noticias . cerce do aqui le vaso algo terrible tae '' a su companero . lo asaltaron tre - bandidos y lo asesinaron para robarle le ropa , los burros y su carga . ( continued ) yy 138. 135 ( cont.} 136 . 137 . curtin : a , what 's he say ? ae . / howard : oo dobb be dead . murdored by bandit . : : storekeeper : ce Sin ombargo , sus cosa estan on lugar seguro ; las piele estan | .* en mis tienda y los burros en el . ' corral , aunque esto.os poco consuélo '' ' por la perdida de su companero . . cee howard : ( to curtin ) it soen oll we goods ero sefe in he store but ho reclizcs , of course , that that be poor consolation for the loss of over dear orother . storexesper : ' favor do paser a mis tienda . ' Ho lead the way and they follow , curtin end Howard exchange a long look . the young man raise he rignt hané . Howard see that the finger be cross . the general storz as ‘ho come into view , follow by curtin and Howard . on reach the doorway the storelkoeper wave then inside . interior - store in one corner there be & pile of saddle , hide , : canvas covering , a empty canteen , and several length of rope . . storekeeper : creo que no les faltara nada . Howard and curtin go to the corner , and start burrow in the pile . ' ihen they do not immediately fine what ~ they be look for they begin to fling thing holtor - sxelter in the search . i ( continued ) 139 . 137 ( cont . ) . : . curtin : ( finally ) : not hore vesseee - eenot hore . oo howard : _ keep you shirt on . , he turn to the storekeeper . : howard : . - sabo algo sobre uno costalito , como aslseeee ? . ' ( not show with he hand ) eesee y muy posado ?. the ol@ man shake he heed slowly . storekeeper : no. do eso no so nada . the youth who originelly encountore the bendit in - though plaze and lead thom so the storokeever step forward from the group in the doorway . . angel : | . dice usted , uno costalito de lone ? oo . howard : Si , si , donde estan ? . : angel : pue no so , no los vi , yo solo se lo que dijeron los bandidos . : curin : : ( to Howard ) . what 's he say ? howeré ignore the question . | . oe 2 : * ( continued ) 157 ( cont .1 ) . 140 . angel : '' | dijeron gue habia uno costalito ' go arenita que creyeron quo eran pare que pesarsn mas las piele cuando las vendieran curtin : ( wild ) waat do he say ? tell mo !. howard : ( to curtin ) _- the bandit think they wero ' bag of sand hidderr in among the hido to make they weigh more when we dcariy dolove brother go to soll thom in durango . curtin : ( show ing ) but where be they eee where ? howard : . do not you understand ? thoy pour we goods out on the . ground . all of fne wine have carry it avey -- all of it to the Tour corner of Mexico . ( he being to laugh ) storexseper : todo esta alli , verdad ? solo falta la arena ? howard : ( laughin ) '' sl .2ee. so 1 0 falta le arena what 's that ? curtin : howard : he want to lmow if everything . @lse be not there , and I tolé he . yes , only the sand be go , . Howard let out 's h ea roar of homeric laughtor that though Indians be startle oy at , bus after a moment , suppose that he in with he end 1 ed by sonpthing , they pall ( continued ) 137 ( cont .2 ) _ - . 141. hovard : laush , curtin , old boy , tis 3 great joke play on we by the bord or fate or by naturas -- which ever you prefer , bub whoever or whatever play it , certainly have a sonso of humor . the gold have go back to where will get it , laugn , my boy , leugh . '' it 's worth ten month of labor sc - '' and suffer - ~- this joke be . : ' 211 laugh , Howard stroll out the door . ' after a monent curtin move after he . - . curtin : well , what now ? howard : fer as I be cenecorn I be fix : for life --- as.o ne@icine man . t'il havo three meal a day , five if I wart tem end a roof ovcr my hesd , and every new anc thon a grin vo warm I up . I will be worshipped and feed and trsate like a high priest - . for toll neople thing they want to near . a good modicino man be porn , not make . come visit I some time , my boy ; even you ww 11 take off you het on you see how respocteda I be there . only the day beforo yes — terdsy they waute to make I they - legislature - the whole legislature , T do not iknow what they mean by that put it must be though great nonor - they can costow . yeo , I be take care of for the rest of my natural life . how about you now ? what do you aim to do ? . curtin roll 'a cigarette , stand look off into sp2c@e . curtin : I dunno , wish I do . howard : ( slap he on though back ) Buck up . you 'ro young --- in year anywey . you get plenty of timo to mao throe or four fortune for yoursolr . ( continued ) ~ 137 ( cont .3 ) - - curtin : J the worst be not so bad when . ~ : it finally hapsen . not nearly as bad ' as you figure it will be '' peforo itt happen . eo ( ho draw on he : cigarette ) ~ . iim no worse off than I be in t tampico , al1 'I be out be a couple hundreé buch , come right gown to it . not very much comparod to . whet dobbaio lose . a ( nod ) _. - foo bad avout Mrs , cody --- I be sor= ry about we not be abla to do like we plan . . roward : there 's no place you be especially ses on go to be there ? ' : : curtin : : oo it 's ell the same to I where I go . . howard : : a . tell you what . you can keep zy . i . share of what the burros and hidestil oring if you use the money the buy & tickes to Dallas . see hor in porson and ing she what happen woulgé bo a let better than write e lotsor ... besides , it 's July and there might bo a job for you in though fruit hnarvest , . well , what do you say ? the idea appeais to curtin . curtin : I '2 ] do it . . howare take the wallet and letter out of he vocket givo they to curti tr y ' as with i : % tin . then , Howard shake hand with he briefly . : -. howard : well , good luck . curtin : . samo to you , old man . '' they stend for rl think of somet ) thing have ocon and turn to hia horse . indian compa : ms also hand join , each try to just about ever ww 137 ( cont .4 ) . 143 , curtin watch they ride away . onco Howard turn and wave at hin . curtin wave back , '' howard and the ikdian walk they horse along the dusty road outside tha village . semethe blow along though road catch he : eye and ho bend down from the sadéle and pick 1 % ua , it be a canvas sack , tear and empty : Howard look at it - briefly , then throw it away . the camera follows 4t as the wind pic it up and csrries at off . . overscexe the SOUND of a harmonica fade out . 13 if