" the italian job " screenplay by donna power and Wayne power base on the 1969 screenplay by Troy Kennedy -martin December 21 , 2001 fade in : ext . the port of genoa , italy - night forklift rumble . worker wipe frame . all the bustle and cacophony of a major seaport . we find ourselves focus on one large crate . with the grinding of gear , a crane lift it off the dock and carry it onto a ship . int . HOTEL room - same time through night-vision binocular , charlie croker , 28 , watch the mysterious crate . Charlie be young to run he own crew but he 's a bear leader . charlie lyle ? swish pan to : lyle , 21 , brilliant and punctilious , finger the keyboard of he strap - on supercharged laptop . lyle I have get the orbital data and sv clock correction for each satellite that get the signal . that will make my read as solid as the precise position service that only the d.o.d. can use . we be talkin ' 100 meter horizontal accuracy , 156 meter vertical accuracy , .340 nanosecond time accuracy . swish pan to : steve , 30 , bearded . Steve have a arrogant confidence mix with the hint of a smile . steve why can not he talk like a person ? charlie ... because he 's not . lyle I do need one more thing , Charlie . charlie what 's that ? lyle someone to turn the goddamn home device on . no signal , no score . charlie ( to Steve ) where be the italian ? steve patience . int . humvee ( moving ) - same time the driver be handsome rob , 30 . Riding shotgun be half - ear , 35 , immerse in a book : Albert Einstein creator &amp ; rebel . half - ear be a large black man with a Southern accent and a hearing aid . handsome rob what 's that shit ? half -ear a book . it 's call read . you should try it some time . handsome Rob hold up three finger . handsome rob you wanna read something . read between the line . half -ear well here 's something even you can relate to . Albert get a lotta trim . that genius thing be a babe magnet . handsome rob lemme see that book . int . HOTEL jewelry shop - same time the final member of the crew , JOHN bridger , 5as , be a tasteful man buy a very tasteful , and very expensive , diamond necklace . the saleswoman wrap it up as he dial a number on he cell phone . stella ( v.o. ) hello ? JOHN bridger hi , sweetie . int . stella's condo - philadelphia - intercut stella bridger , 27 , crushingly attractive , have just step out of the shower , hair still wet , body wrap in a towel . stella daddy . how be you ? JOHN bridger I be send you something . stella really ? do it smell nice ? JOHN bridger no . but it 's sparkly . stella do it come with a receipt ? JOHN bridger I be have it send to you from the store . stella ( toweling she hair ) why not bring it by yourself ? we could have dinner . he leave the store and head for the HOTEL elevator . JOHN bridger be a long trip . I be in genoa . she do not like the sound of that . stella let I guess . check out the birthplace of Christopher Columbus . JOHN bridger something like that . stella with you parole officer 's approval . he step into the elevator . ride up . JOHN bridger I think I have pay my p.o. my last visit . I like the guy , but we never really connect . stella what be you into , dad ? do not break my heart . you tell I you be through . JOHN bridger after this , I swear to you , I be . stella you promise I . daddy , do not do this . the elevator door open , bridger step out and start down the hall . JOHN bridger everything 's go to be fine . I have get to go now . I love you . bye . he click off then use he card key to step into the -- int . HOTEL room - continuous he eye Charlie , who look pretty tense . JOHN bridger italian ? charlie not yet . steve do not worry , they will come through . you can trust this guy . JOHN bridger I trust everyone . it 's the devil inside they that I do not trust . ( then , to Charlie ) get a sec ? charlie my office . int . HOTEL bathroom - night they step inside , Charlie close the door . JOHN bridger how you feel , boss ? charlie Fine . I be fine , fine . bridger seem amused by that answer . JOHN bridger you know what fine , stand for , do not you ? fucked -up , insecure , neurotic , and emotional . charlie you have become quite the philosopher since you quit drink . JOHN bridger you do not like I sober ? charlie no , I be glad . make you a better thief . bridger pull out a fine cigar , still in its wrapper , hand it to Charlie . JOHN bridger for after the haul . charlie hope I get to fire it up . if Steve 's italian be a no-show , it 's three month prep down the shitter and I have drag you out of retirement for nothing . JOHN bridger this be kinda nice . you be the boss with all the worry , I just along for the ride . charlie ai not you sweet ... from the other side of the door , they hear -- steve ( o.s. ) Charlie ! int . HOTEL room - night Charlie take the binocular from Steve . he sees two italian custom inspector climb onboard the ship . charlie you italian . steve yup . Dixie cup . charlie Dixie cup ? steve I toss them away if there 's a problem down the road . ext . ship - night in italian , the inspector quiz the nervous captain about the mysterious crate . one Inspector take a crowbar and yank out several strip of plywood , revealing unmark cardboard box inside . the other Inspector pull out one of the box and tear it open . it be fill with tomato . he take a bite out of one . nod . everything seem to be order . the Captain look relieved . the inspector close the cardboard box but ... watch carefully now , because as he do this , he hit a power button on a small homing device and stuff it in with the tomato ... int . HOTEL room - same time on lyle 's computer screen , a pulsate dot appear , beeping , send out precise longitude and latitude . lyle for that about to rock , we salute you . Charlie dial he cell phone . int . humvee ( moving ) - intercut handsome Rob answer . handsome rob yeah . charlie let 's get rich . handsome Rob pull over . they be at the port . they can see the mysterious crate be lower into the ship 's hold . half - ear climb out , take a large duffel bag with he . CUT to : ext . ship ( docked ) - later , night the Captain be do he final check before launch . our camera drop to -- beneath the water where we find half - ear , in scuba gear , apply nitramon explosive primer to the hull of the ship . int . humvee ( moving ) - night plow through thick brush that break out onto a secluded beach . handsome Rob be still behind the wheel but now Steve be in the passenger seat . lyle , in the back , be still on the laptop , leg fidget like a drummer on meth . pop go he bubble gum . handsome rob can you chill out back there ? you would make a hummingbird nervous . ext . underneath the ship - night half - ear finish up . speak into the headset inside he gear . half -ear I be do . over . lyle ( v.o. ) copy that . enjoy the ride , cowboy . half - ear grab onto the bottom rung of a ladder that be bolt to the side of the ship as it launch off the dock and into deeper water . CUT to : two bright circle in a sea of darkness come closer ... become clearer ... it 's Charlie and John bridger , in scuba gear , riding torpedo - shape dive propulsion vehicle ( dpvs ) that pull they through the deep blue sea at a good 5 m.p.h . both dpvs drag equipment bag . a Global Satellite position device be mount on the handlebar of Charlie 's dpv , be feed information via lyle 's laptop . a circle pulsate on the monitor , a beacon to the crate in the ship . ext . under the boat - night half - ear still cling to the ladder . it 's a wild ride . through the headset inside he gear , he hear : lyle ( v.o. ) get ready . 3 . 2 . 1 . drop. half - ear let go of the ladder . the ship 's propeller speed by just above he head . whoosh . he remove a radio-controlled detonator . Hit the button . ext . ship - on the CUT the hull of the boat explode . int . ship' hold a very neat hole on the bottom of the boat beneath the crate be open . Water rush in and the crate fall right through the cavity , vanish . underwater the huge , heavy crate drop down ... down ... hit the bottom . on the ship Chaos rule . she 's take on water fast . no way to save she . the captain order the dinghy lower into the water . int . humvee - night park in the sand at the top of the bay . Steve look out to the bay through infrared binocular . the ship be go down . the crew on the dingy head back to the port , which be in the opposite direction of this beach . ext . the bottom of the sea - night the dpvs be now attach by a tether to a underwater lift bag that be use to move heavy load through water . the crate be surround by we three diver - bandit . use crowbar they pull apart the plywood . the cardboard box of tomato dump out , tomato spilling everywhere . and now we see what be hide between the box ... a large safe . they move like clock - work . half - ear aim a underwater light at the dial . Charlie drill a small hole near the dial . John peer inside a horoscope and line up the three wheel of the combination lock ... until the door pop open . as they stare at what 's inside , they speak into they headsets , hear by all . charlie sweet Jesus . JOHN bridger " that for which all virtue be sell . and almost every vice -- gold . " and now we see the content of the safe : 160 glisten gold brick . make in Singapore , they weigh 25 pound and each one be decorate with the face of a exotic balinese girl . we be talk thirty million dollar worth of gold . int . humvee ( parked ) - night they holler and high - five and it 's just a great moment to be alive . Steve take another peek through he infrared binocular and see -- the last vestige of the ship hang above the waterline , then disappear . ext . underwater - a little later the gold be now stack and secure on the lift bag . they attach a underwater parachute to the bag and hook a hose from a air tank into press of a pressure release valve which cause the parachute to inflate . look like a hot -air balloon underwater , the whole thing float up about fifteen foot . half - ear hold onto its side , go along for the ride . then Charlie and John bridger speed off on the dpvs which be tethere to the inflatable bag . as they glide through the water towards the secluded beach , we ... CUT to : ext . mountainous road - first light of dawn the humvee climb into the mountain range of the alp . int . humvee ( moving ) the gold be in three crate in the cargo bay . handsome Rob and Steve be still up front . the other be in the back seat , the diver out of they scuba gear . they be pour champagne into paper cup ; except for bridger who abstain . he hold up he empty cup . JOHN bridger my name be John and I be a very rich alcoholic . and I be go to live my life one very rich day at a time . the crew alright , John ! they laugh and pound they fist against the roof of the humvee . Charlie pull out the cigar bridger give he . as bridger light it for he -- JOHN bridger you plan this one down to a t , kid . it 's a gift . you see the big picture , make contingency , cover the angle ... hear this , Steve look a little jealous . JOHN bridger shit , you make thirty million dollar in gold drop out of sight without hold a gun . who else could have pull that off ? charlie you could have . I have big shoe to fill . JOHN bridger fill the shoe but do not follow the footprint . charlie what be you talk about ? you have live the life . JOHN bridger my life 's be nothing but fake id , fake business card and divorce papers . this be the only thing that 's real . bridger show he a photograph of stella that he keep in he wallet . charlie stella 's a beautiful girl . JOHN bridger she 's amazing . and I spend half she childhood in prison . this be a once in a lifetime haul , Charlie . bring down the curtain after this one . make a new life . find someone amazing and be there for she . as the advice escape bridger 's mouth -- ext . mountainous road a Jeep thunder out of a hide place in the tree and block the road . the humvee brake to avoid run into it . handsome rob shit . click . that 's the sound of a gun cock as it 's press against handsome Rob 's temple . steve anyone act stupid and he brain go on the windshield . they see the two italian inspector jump out of the Jeep , AK - 47 levele at the crew . Steve have double - cross they . on the crew : shocked would be a good place to start . charlie what the hell do you think you be do ? steve sorry Charlie . but I want the box of cracker Jack all to myself . the italian pull the crate of gold out of the back of the humvee . charlie you be not think this through . it 's a stupid move . steve think so ? well you be the brilliant one . the master planner . be not that so , John ? Steve climb out of the humvee , gun still on handsome Rob , the AK - 47 aim at the other . steve you bet on the wrong horse . JOHN bridger we will hunt you down . you be gonna regret this . ext . humvee safely outside , Steve turn he gun on bridger . steve no regret , Dixie cup . boom . he shoot bridger in the head . just like that . the italian follow suit , AK -47 scream out burst of full automatic fire at the crew . int . humvee they duck for cover as the vehicle be riddled with gunfire . Glass shatter . bullet ricochet . they be in the epicenter of hell . handsome Rob jerk the steering wheel and stomp the gas . driving blind . ext . mountainous road the humvee hit the side of the Jeep , grind alongside it , metal tear against metal . the humvee 's right side tire precariously hover by the cliff and the raging water below . the gunner keep firing . bullet rip into the humvee 's tire . ext . humvee it almost escape , but it can not make it on shred rubber . it careen off the road and -- series of shot the humvee plummet through the air and plunge into the raging river . int . humvee Water cascade in through the open window . they be throw around as the humvee ride the rapid . wham . the passenger door cave in as the humvee ram into a large rock then be sweep further downstream . through the foam and spray , Charlie look over to bridger . he 's dead . the torrent roar . only they chest and head be above water . and that 's not all . there 's a waterfall ahead . ext . waterfall the humvee be palm in its deadly embrace and hurl over . it cartwheel into the pool below , send up a huge geyser of water . it sink out of sight . ext . mountainous road - same time the crate of gold be now inside the italian ' Jeep . Steve climb in , leave the crew for dead . underwater - same time the humvee strike the surface bottom with a ominous thud . ext . mountainous road - dawn the Jeep jerk to a stop . a door open and the body of the two italian , shot dead , be dumped out into the mud . Steve be alone now . just he and the million in gold . int . humvee - same time the water entomb they . blood from bridger 's fatal gunshot mist the water red . they manage to get the door open . they start to swim out but Charlie will not go without bridger . he grab he friend 's body and pull it up with he . ext . river - sunrise they drag themselves ashore , handsome Rob help Charlie pull bridger 's corpse . Charlie be shocked , torment , grieve , and angry beyond description . against the rocky embankment , he hold bridger . not want to ever let go . charlie ( v.o. ) if you would have tell I that I would spend the next three year search for Steve bandell , I would have say that be nothing . Cause I would have spend a lifetime look for that bastard if I have to . dissolve to : int . office - day someone's Pov . a top of the line safe . the only light in the office be the beam of a penlight on the dial . glove hand spin the dial , feel for " contact point " , area on the dial where a slight resistance can be feel -- if you have the touch . new angle . a woman hold the penlight in she tooth while try to crack the safe . it 's stella bridger , now 30 . superimpose : Three year later Philadelphia she manipulate the dial . click . she grab the safe 's lever and swing the heavy steel door open , she face a mixture of pride and relief . but before we see what 's inside -- light turn on . two cop lurk at the doorway . first cop you always work in the dark ? stella buzz of the fluorescent throw I off . she 's all yours . the cop come closer and only now do we realize that they be on the same team . second cop damn . Chris perley could not crack it . neither could Michael hoyt . stella now you know who to call first . first cop you be expensive , stella . that guy cut we a break on subpoena job . goodwill , community service ... stella well I do it for the money . I will send you the bill . second cop do not you want to see what 's inside ? stella I never look . bye , guy . and as she walk off , they do look -- at she . ext . STREET - day a car rise into frame on a bustling street : a 1960 Mini Cooper S. , a worldwide motor icon . its shape crouch low to the ground and its tiny 10 - inch wheel - at - each - corner give it the legendary Mini look . if when you see its headlight and classic grille it do not bring a smile to you face , then you have get no automobile soul . int . mini ( cruising ) - day stella take on the road like someone who love to be behind the wheel of a car that claim victory in the monte Carlo rally three time . she pass a minivan , a breeze with the Mini 's quick , go-kart - like handle . she search for a parking space on a street line with suv . see a spot , it 's not really a space , just a gap between two gas guzzler , there 's no way any car could squeeze in . brake . shift . hard turn . she parallel park the Mini with ease . she 's right in front of -- her shop antique key and lock dominate the storefront window with the name of the shop stencile across the glass : bridger lock and safe company . stella hop out of the Mini . with a poise walk she head inside . int . shop - day it be fill with old cast- iron safe she have rebuilt along with some new model . stella 's receptionist greet she . receptionist how long ? stella four minute , forty - three second . High -five . receptionist you be the man . stella so what 's on the line -up ? receptionist 2:00 . Home safe in fairmount Park . owner die and the wife never know the combination . and Todd milliken call . he have a prototype combination lock he want you to test out tomorrow morning . say he add two false contact point on the tumbler . stella tell he if I do not have it open in six minute flat , breakfast be on I . receptionist and there 's a Charlie croker in you office . he say you two know each other . ( a aside ) and he look pretty fine for a white boy . without a response , stella head over to -- her OPEN office door and see he fiddling with she collection of safe door that line the shelf . stella Charlie croker . he turn around . smile . charm . charlie hi , stella . she step inside . stella refresh my memory . after you come to see I and tell I what happen to my father , I tell you I never want to see you again , do not I ? charlie yeah . you do . stella so I be a little confuse . charlie I find he . at first it seem that Charlie 's word have no effect on she , but then he notice that she hand be tremble . charlie I can tell you where he be . stella I do not want to know . charlie be you sure ? she do not answer . charlie he 's in Los Angeles . she do not respond . do not ask he to go on , do not ask he not to . so he go on ... charlie the gold brick he steal from we be mint in Singapore and decorate with the face of a balinese girl . I have have my tentacles out and get a call from a friend of mine and you father 's , Philly Steak . stella remember he . stella when I be little he would play poker at the house and drop quarter under the table for I to find . charlie he get word from a L.A. connection name skinny Pete that a gold dealer have be buy brick with the balinese girl on they , three or four at a time . stella you ever hear the expression , cut to the chase ? charlie I track Steve down to a address in the Hollywood Hills . he 's change he last name to frezelli . and get this : he have a worthington 1000 install in the house before he even move in . we both know that you do not install a worthington 1000 unless you have something precious to guard . stella precious or not , I do not deal with ill-gotten goods . charlie we boost that gold from a terrorist group that be about to trade it for bio-weapon . now that do not exactly make we Robin Hood , but maybe in we own little way we be do a good deed . Problem be , no one in my crew can handle that safe . and I need someone I can trust . stella and you think that 's I ? have not you hear that I work for the other side ? charlie what I hear be that you have you father 's touch . and he be the only safecracker I know who could open a worthington 1000 . stella I be not a safecracker . I be a professional safe and vault technician . charlie you be John bridger 's daughter . and this be we chance to set thing right . that set she off . stella we chance ? who do you think you be come in here ? stealing the gold be not go to bring my father back to life . charlie no , it will not . stella then get out . ext . STREET '' day Charlie come out of she shop and start down the sidewalk . suddenly , handsome Rob appear out of the crowd and be walk next to he . handsome rob how would it go with the chick ? charlie I be work on it . handsome rob I do not want she on the crew , Charlie . charlie gotta have she . important piece of the puzzle . handsome rob there have to be someone else . what about Bill huchin ? charlie do ten long at levinworth . handsome rob Red o'reilly ? charlie chemo . handsome rob Martin hernandez ? charlie found Jesus . handsome Rob stop Charlie . handsome rob I do not want a civilian to screw this up . charlie she have the skill . and the motivation . handsome rob exactly . she 's emotional . you know what happen when emotion get into it . charlie it 's emotional for all of we at this point . do not kid yourself . int . expensive restaurant / bar - night richard worth have he back to the bar . he 's a blue blood trial lawyer with a ego that have more horsepower than a Ferrari . richard it 's all in my patent sideways glance . like this ... he give a sideways glance to stella ; it 's they first date . richard I hit each woman on the jury with one of this . we make contact . and I know exactly what they be do . undress I with they eye . stella I see ... what a nightmare . someone bump into stella , a mumble , " Excuse I . " nightmare continue ... richard the case be all but win . that 's why in jury selection I choose as many woman as possible . except lesbian , of course . I can tell in sixty second if they be a lesbian . want to know how I know ? stella if they do not undress you with they eye ? richard precisely . like that waitress right there . see ? she 's look at I right below my belt . definitely not a lesbian . a waitress be indeed look below Richard 's belt . but stella notice that she be only look because Richard 's zipper be all the way down . she smile . stella you fly . richard I be fly . and I be da bomb . just wait until later tonight . suddenly a busboy stumble and a tray of drink fall , soaking Richard 's suit in red wine . busboy oh , man . I be sorry . richard you should be . moron . what the hell 's wrong with you ? busboy it be a accident . I be very sorry . richard where 's the manager ? Richard Worth be not pay to have he suit clean . damn. ( to stella ) I be go to ... I do not believe this . he start off to the bathroom and as soon as the space he be occupy empty , Charlie fill it . charlie I think you date 's go pretty well , what do you think ? she shoot he a look that could reverse global warming . stella what be you do here ? charlie what do you mean ? I come here all the time . stella I do not think so . charlie sure . lawyer , judge , my kind of crowd . see that gentleman there , he sentence I to 90 day in county once . we need to talk . stella no , you need to listen . I want you to leave . get it ? charlie hey , I pay valet parking price to get in here , not to mention a twenty spot to the busboy to spill that drink on mister Zipper . stella you -- I do not believe this . you pay someone to spill that drink ? charlie actually , you pay for it . Charlie return she wallet . charlie do not notice it be I who bump into you earlier , do you ? anyway , I be hope we could get to know each other a little better before we leave for Los Angeles . I already book you flight . stella you truly be a fatuous , odious man . charlie I have no idea what you just say , but I like the sound of it . stella well maybe you will understand this . hit the road , Jack -- charlie Charlie -- stella or you will be sorry , Charlie , cause I will kick you in the nut so hard that you voice will be as high as my heel . she mean it , too . charlie I be beginning to worry about this whole relationship . stella I will let you in on a secret . you can not have a relationship with a pickpocket , gold robber , or any kind of thief . Charlie look away , let she have she point . this whole thing be get pretty heat so when he turn back to she , he use a whole new approach . his emotion be genuine . charlie John be not just a man I crewe up with , he be my friend , he be the close thing to a father I ever have . I wish to God I could bring he back . but all I can do be go after this guy , the guy that kill he , and hit he where he life . she feel the honesty in he word but before she can reply , they be interrupt by -- richard everything alright , stella ? he 's back , red wine splotched on he suit . stella fine. Richard . Charlie . Charlie be just say goodbye . but for now , Charlie be just stare at Richard , boring into to he ... richard can I help you with something ? charlie oh , sorry . I be just undress you with my eye . and with that , Charlie go . stella can not help but smile . ext . stella's condo - night she come home , have shed she date . int . stella's bedroom - night she go through a drawer and pull out a package she have not look at for year . she open it . Inside be the beautiful necklace that she father buy she in Italy . it bring tear to she eye . int . charlie' bedroom - night he lie in bed , can not sleep . his phone ring . he pick up . charlie hello . int . stella's bedroom - intercut she 's on the other end of the line . stella I be in this for one thing , Charlie , and one thing only . I want to see the look on he face when he gold be go . he take my father from I , I be take this ; it 's the best I can do . CUT to : ext . street - day stella 's Mini pass , weave , tuck in between car . she drive like a madman . int . mini ( speed ) Charlie feel like he 's inside a video game . charlie I see drive defensively be you motto . stella do not worry . Jack Daniels never let I down . she slap the dashboard of she car . charlie by the way you drive , I be not surprised you name you car after a bottle of whiskey . Left . stella Jack Daniels be chief engineer of the Mini . and I drive it exactly the way it be mean to be drive . she whip down the avenue . charlie another leave . she hang a leave . stella we be go in circle . who 's tailing you this week ? charlie the possibility be endless . ext . stadium parking lot - day the Mini park in the middle of the huge , empty lot that surround Veteran field , home of the Philadelphia philly . int . mini she look around ... stella where be they ? charlie we be a little early . I do not expect we to get here quite that fast . there ... a vespa pull into the lot , head they way . it 's lyle . Charlie start the introduction . charlie that 's lyle . gearhead . he 's who really invent napster ... quick CUT to : int . dorm room - northeastern university - 1999 - night below a metallica poster , lyle have fall asleep on he desk . his roommate , napster creator shawn fanning , recognizable in he trademark baseball cap , sneak a peek at lyle 's computer . charlie ( v.o. ) at least that 's how lyle tell it . CUT back to : int . mini - day and now they see a monster pick - up truck bounce into the lot , music thumping from its Alpine at ear-bleed level . charlie half - ear . explosive . he lose fifty percent of he hearing in the fifth grade . quick CUT to : int . grammar school bathroom - 1990 - day a 10 year old boy stand in front of a toilet in the stall . boom ! Water geyser out of the bowl and soak he . charlie ( v.o. ) one m - 80 in the toilet bowl too many . some kid in the bathroom see the whole thing . kid that be rad ! half -ear wha ' ? CUT back to : int . mini - day and now a rumbling in the distance . stella look . see a car streaking they way , almost like a mirage in the heat wave come off the pavement . closer . faster . a classic mustang . its engine rumble like a jackhammer . it 's have some serious custom work do to it . charlie handsome Rob . Premier wheel man . he once drive all the way to L.A. just so he could set the record for longest freeway chase . quick CUT to : ext . L.A. freeway - 1999 - day handsome Rob 's behind the wheel , flick a cigarette butt out he open window -- we watch it hit the pavement , ash spark , and then behind the fall butt we see that every lane of the 405 be fill with cop car in pursuit . charlie ( v.o. ) smashed the mark by twelve minute . we now see handsome Rob through the lens of a tv news helicopter camera . charlie ( v.o. ) he get a hundred and ten love letter send to he jail cell from woman who see he on tv . CUT back to : int . mini - day as the car converge in the parking lot ... stella and what about you ? charlie I have be a thief since I have baby tooth . quick CUT to : int . grammar school playground - day seven year old charlie be shove against a chain link fence by a sixth grade bully . bully cough it up , Charlie ! Charlie hand the bully a dollar bill . the bully put it in a wallet that be over - stuff with cash and saunter off , laugh it up with he bully pal . Charlie turn to he 2nd grade classmate who sport a fresh black eye . classmate so much for lunch . seven year old charlie you need a dollar ? classmate I think he take you last one . seven year old charlie he do . Charlie hold up the over-stuffed wallet that he pickpockete from the bully . seven year old charlie but I get lot more now . CUT back to : ext . parking lot - day Doors open simultaneously . everyone out . the crew eye stella . Charlie get right down to business . charlie this be stella . she 's work with we on this one . id ? handsome Rob hand out fake driver 's license . lyle ( read he ) melvin lisp ? could I -- just once -- have a cool name ? half -ear ( also complain ) 220 pound ? try 180 . handsome rob try ' deal a meal ' . lyle I do not even have a cool nickname . charlie enough of this sewing - circle shit . phone . half - ear hand out new cell phone to everyone and take they old phone . half -ear Philly Steak say this be clean as a whistle . he also get we four dozen internal chip with different number . Change out the chip twice a day . as Charlie hand out airline ticket -- charlie we travel to L.A. separately . lyle you still have not tell we the most important thing . what exactly be the job , Charlie ? and who exactly be she ? lyle and half - ear have be keep in the dark until now . charlie this be stella bridger . and we be finish the job that we start in Italy . they be a little stunne at first . half -ear Holy shit . it 's about time . CUT to : montage - lax - night the crew deplane from five different airplane , different air carrier . they disperse in separate vehicle . see Charlie at avis , rent a car . see handsome Rob rent a u-haul panel truck . see stella on a hotel shuttle bus . see half - ear on the underground Metro Rail , take the Red line . see lyle in a taxi , head south on figueroa Street . he notice a young woman hitchhiking . for a moment , they eye connect . she be a beautiful waif and the feel sweep through lyle : if only ... but the taxi pass by . Charlie check into shutter , with its victorian beach house feel and oceanfront view . stella 's at the Peninsula in beverly Hills with its opulent lobby . handsome Rob 's at the Standard , with its kitschy decor and ironic style . he stare at a huge empty aquarium behind the front desk where a performance artist writhes and a dj spin out rhythmic throbs . very l.a . half - ear 's at the new Renaissance Hollywood Hotel adjacent to the dramatic Babylon Gate and the kodak theatre . and lyle 's at the downtown bonaventure , riding up the glass elevator . perfect gearhead hotel . ext . shutter HOTEL - balcony - sunset the five of they sit in chair on the balcony of he hotel room . there 's a sweeping view of the Pacific . charlie we need a in to get a video blueprint of the interior . we be not go into this place blind . half - ear , you take the first surveillance shift . who go in , who go out , level of security , you know the drill . half -ear you get it . charlie I also want audio surveillance on he phone . lyle I will hack into the phone company 's central office remote observance monitoring system and fool it into think there 's a legal tap on the line . reroute the digital copy of he call to we own listen post . charlie how long ? lyle I will burn through the night , have it up and run before morning . charlie ( to handsome Rob ) we need to know how long to get from the house to Union Station downtown . handsome rob no problemo . charlie stella . how much time will you need with the safe ? stella I will have it open in five minute flat . handsome rob it 's not the same as open a safe for the cop . you heart will be pound in you ear . perspiration on you fingertip . it 's a whole different ball game . stella you get I to the safe , I will open it . out over the ocean , the sun be in its death throes , bruise the sky a coiling purple and orange . ext . steve's house - morning nestled at the end of a cul - de-sac on oporto drive in the Hollywood Hills . chrome . Glass . carve wood . ext . maravilla drive - morning the u- haul panel truck be park on the side of the road that overlook oporto drive and Steve 's house . int . u- haul - morning it 's be convert into they surveillance vehicle , the back outfit with monitor and surveillance equipment . half - ear peer through binocular and say he note into a micro-cassette recorder . his binocular focus in on the fence that surround the perimeter of the property . half -ear ( into recorder ) we have get a anti-scale fence . harden , electroplate steel . hacksaw will not work . we will need nitramon . the binocular swish pan to a guard booth where a guard keep a eye on the gate . half -ear armed guard . 9 mm semi-automatic in the holster . Security booth be accessible and ideal for a triple charge chemical grenade . the binocular swish pan to four rottweiler prowling the grounds . half -ear shit. dog . why do black man hate dog ? I will tell you why , Charlie . because dog be racist . that 's a natural fact . someone else deal with them . ext . 101 freeway - day a sea of car , gridlock in L.A. cramme in the middle of the traffic meltdown be handsome Rob 's rental car . int . rental car ( crawling ) timing out the getaway route . he 's get a Thomas guide on the passenger seat and a stopwatch tick away but he 's go nowhere fast . he futilely lean on the car horn . int . u- haul - day lyle 's surveillance shift . he take digital photo with a telephoto camera . zoom in on a security pad on the front door . lyle ( into micro cassette player ) advent Home Navigator hybrid system . monitor 132 point for intrusion , fire , and environmental hazard . best way around it be to get a back door password , trip the alarm during the heist , then call it in as a false alarm . CUT to : int . steve's house - office - day a hand turn the dial to a worthington 1000 vault . the vault open and voila : stack and stack of gold brick . ext . steve's house - day the same hand clutches a very heavy duffle bag . our view boom up to see Steve , three year older than when we last see he , he beard shave away . int . u- haul - same time through he digital camera lens , lyle watch Steve walk towards he car : a Ferrari 550 barchetta pininfarina . it 's the first time he 's see Steve in three year . lyle ( into micro cassette recorder ) 15:25 . there he be . he 's gain 15 to 20 pound live off we money . and handsome Rob , you be go to be piss when you see he wheel . lyle watch the security guard hit a switch in the guard booth . the gate rise like the blade of a guillotine in reverse . the Ferrari zoom away . ext . figueroa STREET - day another route . handsome Rob 's rental car be in the leave turn lane wait for the light to change . int . rental car the light finally be a green arrow but the lady in front of handsome Rob be so preoccupy with apply she make - up that she do not go until he honk but by then it 's too late as she make it through the light but he do not . he check he stopwatch . simmer . ext . peninsula HOTEL - pool side - day in a bikini , stella lie on a lounge chair under a cabana , read a copy of vogue magazine . but as we take a closer look , we see that she 's really read the owner 's manual for the worthington 1000 safe which she 's insert in the fold of vogue . int . u- haul - day Charlie 's shift . he see a latina housekeeper get into she car . charlie ( into micro cassette recorder ) housekeeper leave at 17:30 . ext . coin &amp ; bullion store - evening Steve bang a fist against the steel security door that cover the close store . the steel door rise up and a ukrainian name yevhen unlock another door . he be the gold dealer that Philly Steak tell Charlie about . yevhen you be right on time . int . coin &amp ; bullion store - evening yevhen be 50 and like many in the gold trade , there be not a conspiracy theory that he do not embrace . as they make they way to a back room , he keep he mouth in overdrive -- yevhen all that poor bastard out there put they life savings in bank and s&amp ; ls and mutual fund . what do they think -- that when the collapse come they can depend on the government ? I do not think so . Steve motion to a security camera that loom down on they . steve be the camera off ? yevhen of course . just like you say . I never tape you , you can see for yourself . Steve see the red light be off . he lay the duffel bag on a table , unzip it , pull out three 25 pound gold brick with the face of a balinese girl stamp on each one . as yevhen inspect they -- yevhen government be nothing more than puppet on the string of the trilateral Commission with they twisted god . yevhen retrieve a briefcase , open it , present Steve with stack of Ben franklin : $ 100,000 worth . as Steve inspect the cash -- yevhen I mean , it 's so obvious that in a world where nafta can overturn the Supreme Court , not to mention Microsoft 's nefarious financial machination , this , be we only refuge ; gold . Steve close the briefcase . yevhen plus a little walk around money . ext . 7th STREET - night a fender bender in the middle of a intersection have traffic back up for mile . int . rental car handsome Rob check the latest time on the stopwatch . int . u- haul - night through night-vision binocular Charlie see a ( different ) security guard open the gate as Steve return . he watch Steve go inside he house . through the window , he see he use a remote to turn on a tv . ext . 101 freeway - the next day a freeway sign say : union station 1/2 mile int . rental car handsome rob can see the exit up ahead , but traffic be so back up and go nowhere that it feel like it 's a hundred mile away . and it 's not even rush hour . just life in l.a . idling on the freeway , he look at the driver in the car beside he . he see a businesswoman read the Wall Street Journal . see a man with he finger deep , deep up he nose . handsome rob where 's a grenade launcher when you need one ? ext . yamashiro restaurant - day we crew walk along the pathway of japanese garden that wind along outside the restaurant . it 's a breathtaking view from high in the Hollywood Hills . some tourist take in the vista . handsome rob do not matter what time it be . it 's either bad traffic , peak traffic , or slit-your-wrists traffic . half -ear you gotta ride the metro-rail , man . handsome rob I be sure it 's ideal for carry a ton of gold , genius . charlie what 's you guesstimate ? handsome rob if we have all green light , fourteen minute . but in the twenty time I have do it , the average be thirty - two minute , with a top time of fifty minute . charlie then we will travel like rockefeller . they do not know where Charlie be go with this , but they have be around he long enough to know it 's go somewhere . charlie when car first start catch on , worker on tall ladder would use this swiveling color board for traffic signal . now whenever rockefeller would take the drive from he mansion to he office on Wall Street , the worker would make sure that he get green board all the way . handsome rob how do we get all green light ? charlie lyle ? lyle let I see what I can do . half -ear do you know that the first traffic signal to be patent be invent by a black man name garrett Morgan ? ( to Charlie ) you be not the only one who watch the History Channel . handsome rob we still need a in to get the video blueprint . lyle carpet cleaner ? gutter cleaner ? flower delivery ? charlie we will never get by the guard unless they be certain it 's legit . I be think cable tv . we cut he cable , he call the cable company . we show up . send a cable technician into the house with a pinhole video camera while we get a feed through a rf antenna . handsome rob who play cable technician ? Steve think we be all dead . but stella know that 's not exactly true . he do not think stella be dead ; he do not know she at all . stella if you be all dead , I guess I be the man for the job . charlie be you up for it ? stella in for a penny , in for a pound . ext . adelphia cable - parking lot - evening service truck pull into the lot . technician be get out , finish they shift . int . rental car ( parked nearby ) handsome Rob behind the wheel . lyle shotgun , aim he digital camera at the exite worker . lyle I be tell you . he claim he name it napster because he hair be so nappy underneath that cap of he . but I know the real reason . it 's because I be napping when he steal the idea from I . I should have be on the cover of wire magazine . handsome rob would you clam up . you would give a woodpecker a headache . lyle I be the napster . handsome rob okay . you be the napster . head up : cable chick . they see a female service tech get out of she work truck . lyle zoom he camera lens in on she adelphia cable work shirt . it have becky sewn in above she right breast . lyle Becky . Nice name . I wonder what she call the other one . handsome rob and it 's such a mystery why you do not have a girlfriend . lyle I have a girlfriend . unfortunately even though the relationship cease in a objective reality , it 's still go on in my mind . ( tapping he head ) that woman 's live in here rent - free for four year . lyle take a few more picture of Becky . lyle okay . all we need now be a work shirt like this one and a service truck like that one . you think stella will be able to pull it off ? handsome rob I have my doubt , but there 's no talk to Charlie . lyle maybe he 's be insert he hard drive into she software . Cloud the judgment . handsome rob he know better than to mix business with pleasure . ( get out of the car ) only I be allow to do that . lyle where you go ? handsome rob to get a work shirt and a service truck . lyle watch he stroll over to Becky and strike up a conversation in the parking lot . lyle can not hear what 's be say , but Becky smile , and lest we forget , he name be handsome Rob for a reason . int . becky's apartment - night our camera follows a trail of clothes , hastily litter , that lead to the cable chick 's bed . lit candle be on the bedside table . the couple be asleep under a tangle of sheet . handsome Rob have clearly mix business with pleasure . his eye flash open . he slip out of bed . pull on he pants . reaches into she pants and remove she key chain . he select the key to she service truck and do a old trick : he blow out one of the candle and press the key against the warm wax , make a clear impression of the key 's ridge . he return the key chain . take a couple more step , past she panty , past she bra and . he snag she work shirt . then he 's go . int . handsome rob' HOTEL room - night use locksmith equipment , he cut a key that match the impression on the candle wax . ext . adelphia cable parking lot - dawn stella , wear Becky 's work shirt , arrive before any other worker . use the key handsome Rob make , she unlock the door to the cable truck and get in . ext . nearby STREET - morning the cable truck pull over . Charlie and lyle climb into the back where they can not be see . ext . oporto drive - morning the cable repair truck pull over , parking down the street from Steve 's house . Charlie get out . he quickly use a crowbar to lift up a sidewalk cement grate that say cable on it . Inside be cable wire that feed the street . he crouch over and use plier to disconnect one of the cable . int . steve's house - morning he drift into the kitchen for a cup of coffee . he hit the remote control for a tv . it turn on but there 's nothing but snow . he go into the live room and check out the plasma tv . the cable 's not work in here , either . he hit a intercom button on he telephone . int . guard house - intercut a security guard answer the intercom . security guard what can I do for you , mister frezelli ? steve the cable 's out . see if you can get someone over here to fix it '. security guard yes , sir . he find the number and dial . int . cable truck ( parked ) - morning lyle monitor a digital copy of the security guard 's call that 's be route to he laptop . then he take off he headphone and tell Charlie and stella : lyle whoa . I have never hear the muzak version of purple haze before . charlie when 's the appointment ? lyle Thursday between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. Charlie dial a number on he cell phone . int . guard house - intercut the security guard answer the phone . security guard hello . charlie yes , I be call from adelphia cable . I understand you service be out and a appointment be set up for Thursday . security guard yes . charlie well we have a technician work in you area who finish with a appointment earlier than expect . will someone be there for the next hour ? security guard sure . that would be great . charlie we technician will see you then . have a nice day . security guard you too . Charlie hang up . charlie let 's check the camera . lyle stella , you be go patriotic today . lyle put a american flag pin on she work shirt . then he hit key on he laptop and a image pop up on he monitor via a rf antenna : the Pov of the pin . charlie he 's get cable line in the kitchen , live room , bedroom and a cable modem on the computer in the office . try to get a 360 look at each room . and walk slowly or the image will streak . lyle hand she some papers . lyle I print this up to look like paperwork from adelphia . when you be do , ask he to sign and date the bottom . stella look very tense . charlie how you do ? stella Fine . I be fine . Charlie seem amused by that answer . charlie you know what fine , stand for ? fucked - up , insecure -- stella join in with he ... stella &amp ; charlie neurotic and emotional . they look at each other a moment ... and smile . int . rental car ( moving ) - day while the other deal with the cable , handsome Rob and half - ear drive down sunset . half -ear here 's we spot . they pull up in front of a strip joint . handsome rob Girls girl girl . half - ear pull a switchblade out of he boot and put it in the glove compartment . handsome Rob give he a question look . half -ear Philly Steak say we would be frisk . int . strip club - day outside the doorway of a back room they be frisk by a burly man . he 's very thorough , digging hard into they crotch . handsome rob ( scowl ) y'got a great job . burly man pay the rent , asshole . you get a problem , talk to skinny Pete . he open the door to the -- int . back room where we meet skinny pete , who be the fattest man you've ever see . he take up a entire couch in the rear of the room . his catcher 's - mitt-size hand motion they to come closer . skinny pete Philly Steak send you ? his voice be raspy , it 's like a climb - ten-floor - effort just for this guy to get out the word . half -ear that 's right . skinny pete so be I right - on about the gold brick or what ? half -ear that 's really not what I be here to talk about . Philly Steak say you could get we some supplies . the fattest man you have ever see attempt a nod , triple - chin collide like a train wreck . skinny pete what do you need ? half -ear a four inch can of nitramon . nitramon primer . detonate cord . two triple charge chemical grenade . launcher . skinny pete nine p.m . handsome rob should we hang here ? check out the dancer ? skinny pete nothing 's go down here . I do not shit in my own yard , do you ? handsome rob no , but I take a whizz off the deck sometimes . with he distend belly and burst shirt , he eye glaze with repletion , skinny Pete write down a address . skinny pete five thousand dollar . and do not be late . CUT to : int . security guard booth - day look at a monitor , one of Steve 's security guard see the adelphia repair truck pull up to the gate . he hit a button and the gate rise , beckone it inside . int . cable truck ( moving ) stella head up the driveway , apprehension paint on she feature . lyle be hide in the back . she park next to the Ferrari and find herself surround by the four rottweiler . they snarl and flash they tooth outside she door until a shrill whistle yank they attention to -- ext . steve's house where Steve have just step out the front door . the dog immediately back off . stella get out of the truck as Steve walk over , smile at she . she come face to face with the man who kill she father . steve it 's all right . they will not bother you now . she 's not sure she 's go to be able to speak or pull this off . stella it 's okay . I be use to run into all sort of dog on my job . he hold out a hand . steve I be Steve . stella Becky . she shake he hand . she hate this , feel he skin touch hers , but she can not betray she feeling . he stand there a moment . stella you want to show I the problem ? steve yeah . course . this way . int . steve's house - same time she enter , move she body to give the pinhole camera a full sweep of the entryway . stella I would like to check the cable modem first . int . back of the cable repair truck - same time lyle watch stella and Steve on he laptop via the pinhole camera and hear they talk through he headphone . int . hallway - intercut Steve lead stella down the marble hall ... steve I will show you . they step into the -- office she turn she body so the mini-len can stare at the gleam black worthington 1000 safe . then she go up to he desk and pretend to work on the cable line that feed into he computer . he stare at she as she bend down ... steve the cable guy who hook this up weigh about 300 pound , do not wear any underwear , and he pants sling a little too low if you know what I mean . she try she best to ignore he flirtatious stare and he word . stella there we go . now onto the tvs . int . back of the cable truck - day lyle see a perfect view of the main hallway as stella walk down it . int . live room - day he escort she inside . she work on the cable connection to the plasma tv . finishes . steve be it fix ? stella turn it on and see . ext . oporto drive - same time back at the spot where Charlie disconnect the cable . wearing a headset with a mic , he get the word from lyle -- lyle ( v.o. ) now . Charlie reconnect the cable just as -- int . live room Steve turn on the tv and the picture be -- steve perfect . stella then it look like you be all set . Steve stare at she a moment . steve have we meet before ? she 's hope to get out as quickly as she can . stella I do not think so . sign here , please . she hand he the paperwork and a pen . he sign it . stella date . steve you read my mind . stella oh , no . I mean that I need you to put the date by you signature . it 's the 26th . steve I know what you mean . ( he smile ) this might seem a little sudden , but ... would you like to have dinner with I ? stella I do not think that would be a very good idea . steve why ? be there some kind of cable - rule against dating customer ? stella no , it 's my rule . I do not accept date from man I have just meet . I have only know you five minute . steve then I guess I will have to sabotage my cable over and over again until you get to know I better . he 's be charming , and she have to act like he be be charming , but she really want to throw - up . steve look , I be just talk about dinner . Friday night . it 's no big deal . if you do not like I , you never have to see I again . you know I be not go to stop until you say yes . CUT to : int . cable truck ( moving ) - day stella drive in heavy traffic down sunset . Charlie and lyle be in the back . charlie I know it be tough in there . stella he touch my hand . and he come - on to I . that slimy , disgusting man come onto I and I have to pretend that I like it . stella keep she eye forward , on the road , so Charlie and lyle can not see she face . but Charlie catch she reflection in the rearview mirror and watch a tear glide down she cheek . she wipe it away . stella you do know what this mean ... I have create we window of opportunity . charlie I know . when Steve leave Friday night , we go in . by the time he realize you have stand he up , we will be long go with the gold . CUT to : ext . housing project - night a different world . a different vibe . that feel in the gut : you do not belong here . int . rental car ( moving ) handsome Rob drive , half - ear in the passenger seat . half -ear skinny Pete . handsome rob the guy make jabba the Hut look like a spokesman for the Subway Sandwiches ' diet . they pull over in front of the apartment building that Pete send they to . half -ear what do you think ? handsome rob I be try not to . ext . apartment build - night half - ear hit the buzzer for the apartment number on the paper from the fat man . the door to the building buzze in response and they go inside . int . apartment build - night climb stair . from behind close door : tvs , cry baby , violent yell . they start down a hallway . ahead of they a door open and a suitcase be put in front of the doorway . the door close . they do not even get a glance at whomever be inside . they go to the suitcase . half - ear click open the lock for just a peek . he see the goods . handsome Rob start to slide a envelope of cash under the door frame . its suck out of he hand by someone on the other side of the door and disappear . ext . apartment build - night half - ear carefully deposit the suitcase into the trunk of the rental car . handsome Rob close the trunk . half -ear drive slow . we crash and we be a crater . they get into the car . int . rental car handsome Rob key the ignition . the beam of he headlight illuminate two homeboy . two more step out of the shadow , one right up to the passenger 's door window . that one tap a 9 mm against the glass . half - ear lower the window . the homeboy pat one hand against the faux - leather inside of the door , he other hand clutches the weapon . homeboy what would you put in the trunk ? half -ear suitcase . the homeboy , bugging on crank , be not one to be fuck with . homeboy just gimme the key before I pop a cap in you head . handsome Rob take the trunk key off the chain and pass it over to half -ear ... who nervously drop it onto the carpete floor . homeboy hurry up ! half - ear reach down for the key ... but in the flash of a eye ... move so fast it almost do not register ... we see he yank he switchblade from he boot , unleash its blade , and stab it down into the homeboy 's hand . the knife go through he hand and lodge into the faux - leather interior of the door . the homeboy suffer as half - ear whacks the gun out of he other hand -- while handsome Rob key the ignition and gun it . the other homeboy be already popping off shot at the car with semi-automatic handgun . half - ear hit the deck . Glass shatter . int . trunk of the car bullet slam into the trunk , illuminate the darkness with streak of light from the bullet hole . they barely miss the suitcase fill with explosive . ext . rental car ( moving ) the homeboy be still attach to the car door by the knife . his leg scurry to keep up with the move vehicle but it 's go too fast so pretty soon he 's be drag . bullet whiz by he . he cry out in agony until half - ear have the time to yank out the knife and the homeboy roll away on the pavement . the car make a sharp right at the next block and pull over . the u- haul be wait for they . they get out of the rental car and open its trunk . half - ear see the bullet hole that surround the suitcase . a inch closer and they would have be a crater . half -ear Christ . int . u- haul - night they get in with the suitcase . Charlie be behind the wheel , he 's be wait for they . he hit the gas . they take off , leave the shot - up rental car behind . charlie look like that go without a hitch . CUT to : int . charlie' HOTEL room - day a edit loop of the exterior and interior of Steve 's house play on lyle 's laptop . the crew be huddle around . charlie lyle , what 's the distance from the front door to the vault ? lyle do not answer . charlie lyle ? handsome Rob lean over to Charlie . handsome rob he only answer to the napster now . charlie I be not call you the napster . lyle you call he half - ear . half -ear that be not my idea . lyle and he , handsome Rob . charlie that 's only cause he be handsome Rob . lyle and I be the napster . charlie how far ? ( sigh , give in ) the napster . lyle five hundred yard . charlie so here 's the riddle . how do we get over a ton of gold from the vault to the getaway car ? stella how wide be the hallway ? the video that stella get of the hallway play on the laptop . lyle calculate : lyle only six foot . our view push in fast on stella . quick CUT to : mini cooper ( moving ) - day she 's drive . pure concentration . then : tire spin over a marble floor . then : the sideview mirror scraping wallpaper . then : the thin car be like a missile fire right down steve's hallway , a hair-raise fit . CUT back to : int . charlie' HOTEL room - day her idea bring a smile to she face . stella Jack Daniels , straight up . charlie minis ? stella we could rumble right up the front step , bring the getaway car right to the vault , and then straight to Union Station . handsome Rob like it . handsome rob we will need three to hold the gold . ext . car rental company - day park in the lot be shimmer supercharge Mini cooper , a new model that still capture the legendary Mini look and feel . half - ear climb in one Mini . lyle into another . int . car rental company - same time in the background , a large window overlook the lot . handsome Rob fill out the paperwork on the Mini he 's rent while flirt with a petite counter babe . handsome rob I would say you be a maserati 250 S. just 4 cylinder but can go 0 to 60 in 4.2 . counter babe as long as it 's a convertible -- I always like to have my top down . at the same time , in the background , we see lyle and half - ear 's Mini pull out of they parking space and back right into each other . just a little bumper hit . counter babe do you know they ? they get out of they car and start yell at each other . handsome rob never see them before in my life . CUT to : ext . yevhen' coin &amp ; bullion store - night Steve bang a fist against the steel security door that cover the close store . the steel door rise up and once again yevhen unlock another door . yevhen you be early . steve and I be in a hurry , okay ? int . yevhen' coin &amp ; bullion store - night it do not seem to matter if Steve 's in a hurry or not , yevhen still run at the mouth while head into the back room . yevhen of course the Florida vote rigging be a CIA and mob operation . steve ( with total disinterest ) that a fact ? yevhen you want fact ? fact : CIA official be allow free -- and illegal -- access to official election material . Steve put he duffel bag down on the table . it thud . once again , he pull out three gold brick that each weigh 25 pound . yevhen now give the sordid history in Miami of joint venture between Central Intelligence and the mob , which lead to the unsuccessful attempt to kill fidel castro and the successful assassination of you President John f. Kennedy , this conjunction raise numerous red flag . steve and I would love to hear more about it , but like I say ... yevhen do not worry , we will have you out in no time . the cash be on its way . Steve cock he head , as if he could not have hear right . steve on its way ? yevhen my cousin be bring it over . steve you cousin ? yevhen yes. cousin mashkov . steve he 's on he way ? yevhen do not worry , he will be here any minute . Steve look up to the security camera . steve the tape 's off ? yevhen of course . believe I , he do not want to be on video , either . steve yevhen . do not I tell you , many time , that I never want to meet with anyone but you ? yevhen sweat a bit . yevhen I know . but it 's he cash . he use I to launder money . I be just a middleman . steve and a middleman be suppose to stay in the middle . yevhen but you be early . please . do not worry . it will be fine . my cousin 's a cool guy . like I be . steve what you be , be a Dixie cup . yevhen smile quizzically , not sure if he 's be compliment or insulted . yevhen Dixie cup ? before the word be out of yevhen 's mouth , Steve grab one of the 25 pound gold brick and slap it across yevhen 's face , shatter he jaw . yevhen 's fall to the floor and Steve lift the brick again and ram it down onto he head with a ugly thud . and again . and again . he then take the gold brick -- slather in blood -- and place it back in he duffle bag . CUT to : int . yevhen' coin &amp ; bullion store - ten minute later yevhen 's ukrainian cousin , mashkov , stare down at the corpse . Steve be long go . mashkov kneel down by the body and start sobbing . int . house - night mashkov walk through a live room , past some lighting equipment and a video camera and we get just enough of a look to realize that a porno be be shot here but he could not care less as he make he way into the kitchen where -- his boss , danya , 60 , the owner of this house , be eat a bowl of frosted flake at the kitchen table . they speak in a colloquial ukrainian tongue that we subtitle . mashkov my cousin yevhen be beat to death . danya by who ? mashkov that 's what I be go to find out . they stop talk for a moment as one of the " actress " come in , plop herself down next to danya and pour herself a bowl of cereal . she put she hand on danya 's leg . she 's young and it 's a disturbing image and we recognize her : she 's the hitchhiker who lyle pass in the taxi ride down figueroa Street when he first arrive in l.a . danya go back to speak subtitled ukrainian . danya and what will you do when you find this piece of shit who kill you cousin ? mashkov I will hack off he limb and bury he while he 's still alive . danya okay . but now we should stop talk ukrainian , it 's rude to my girl . ( switch to accented english ) how be you tonight , Karen ? karen hungry . danya then eat you frosted flake . karen ( like tony the Tiger ) they be grrrreat ! danya laugh pleasantly . danya such a perfect girl . but as she eat she cereal , we see a troubled , sad look on she face . int . rented warehouse - day the three minis be park inside : one red , one white , one blue . handsome Rob and stella be do custom work under the hood . lyle be wear the strap - on laptop and type away . half - ear squeeze silver haliburton suitcase into the minis ' trunk as Charlie enter -- charlie how be we matchbox car ? handsome rob souped . stella do not let they size fool you . this be rally car back in the day . 135 mph , 155 horsepower -- lyle do I get to drive one ? handsome rob no . lyle why not ? handsome rob because you can not navigate you way out of a parking lot . here 's you ride . he pull a blanket off a vespa . lyle point at half - ear . lyle but he run into I . handsome rob he 's not drive either . ( to stella ) you ever get a speed ticket ? stella let 's put it this way : I can only get insurance through company that advertise on tv at 3:00 in the morning . handsome rob you drive . I drive . Charlie drive . charlie I get we spot for three car on a car carrier and five first class seat . train 59 from Union Station to New Orleans . half -ear that 's n'or'lin , yankee . charlie what 's the word on rockefeller ? lyle the traffic Control Center be on the top floor of a building on Olympic and Grand . they get they data from pavement loop detector and video image vehicle detector . that info be fuse together by specially design algorithm to predict traffic condition and control the traffic light . so all I have to do now be change the data by create my own algorithm . charlie what can I do to help ? lyle I need to hard - wire into the mainframe . ext . traffic control CENTER - night house in a tower building on the corner of Olympic and Grand in the heart of downtown L.A. our view rise up to the rooftop , where we find Charlie and lyle . our view move in closer on Charlie , who adroitly pick the lock to a access door and they climb down a short set of step into the int . maintenance room - continuous shot from a equipment bag , Charlie pull out a silent power drill and use it to remove a access panel from the ac vent . int . AIR -conditioning vent - night Charlie lead , crawl through this tight space , he path illuminate by the thin beam of a penlight . int . traffic control room - night a high - tech set with a half - dozen worker oversee the large traffic information monitor that display multiple image . our camera push in on the wall of monitor and then blackness as our view cross to the -- other side of the wall where the 70 " tall mainframe computer be house and run . we see that the ac vent to this room be now open since Charlie and lyle have already snuck inside . they move fast . Charlie remove the rear panel of the mainframe while lyle adeptly hard - wire he laptop into the computer . the laptop 's screen light up . Charlie fit two false panel where the rear panel of the mainframe use to be . lyle pull a innocent look filing box out of he equipment bag . he place the box on a nearby shelf where it enjoy line - of- sight to the false panel . he punch a key on he laptop and the false panel and the filing box quietly click into action , communicate with he laptop via infrared . his laptop now show a guiltwork of thumbnail view from the traffic information monitor . type command , lyle be clearly operate on a higher bandwidth than the rest we . lyle b4 X ttratio , where bi be Fisher 's linear discriminant function coefficient , spdrat be the speed ratio , and ttratio be the travel time ratio . charlie I have no idea what you be do . just do it fast . there . he hit the enter button . lyle we own this place . CUT to : int . the pantry restaurant - downtown l.a . - day they motto : " never close . never without a customer ! " the place have the same decor as it do 75 year ago . it 's also a spot where everyone mind they own business . one of the old time waiter lead our camera to a table in the back where mashkov sit across from a lapd homicide detective . he slide over a envelope of cash and a photograph of Karen . mashkov $ 2000 . and this be the new girl . Fresh off the bus . one of danya 's guy pick she up hitchhike downtown . the detective check out the photo . detective that tit would make dracula rise from he coffin at high - noon . mashkov they be all yours Saturday . you can do whatever you want to she . her name be Karen ... detective you be too generous . mashkov I need a fast answer . detective and I be the Shell answer man . a guy who work the counter at you cousin 's shop tell I that someone name skinny Pete have be ask around about gold brick with the face of a balinese girl on they . same gold brick you cousin be buy . mashkov you talk to this skinny Pete ? detective I think you would want a shot at he first . CUT to : int . rented warehouse - day handsome Rob do some final tune - up on the minis . half - ear load a triple charge chemical grenade into a launcher . Charlie step into the u-haul which be park in here ... int . u-haul lyle be fix glitches on he computer program . stella be do she nail . Charlie look at she . stella you want the safe crack , do not you ? charlie yeah . stella then I have to have perfect nail . Square tip have a more even surface area . better grip , no slip . charlie be you make this shit up ? stella I just let you in on a valuable trade secret . lyle Charlie . charlie yeah ? lyle Steve call to confirm a 7:30 reservation at ago 's . and as for you getaway , not even rockefeller have it so good . CUT to : int . steve's bedroom - night he 's get dress for he date . we can tell by the way he preens in front of the three sided full length mirror , adorn himself in the most expensive fashion , that he be a vain and arrogant man . ext . rented warehouse - night the three minis pull out of the warehouse and head off down the road . the u- haul follow . int . charlie' mini ( moving ) - night lead the pack . he wear a headset and mic . charlie Radio check . int . handsome rob' mini ( moving ) - night he drive , half - ear in the passenger seat . handsome rob get cha , boss . int . stella's mini ( moving ) - night she follow behind handsome Rob 's Mini . stella loud and clear . int . u-haul ( moving ) - night lyle drive . his vespa be park in the cargo bay with he equipment . lyle check . CUT to : ext . steve's driveway - night look sharp , Steve get into he Ferrari . ext . oporto drive - night the u-haul be idling on the side of the street about a mile down from Steve 's house . the vespa be park behind it . from up ahead , we see the Ferrari cruise down the wind road . as it pass by . int . u-haul lyle speak into he headset : lyle for that about to rock , we salute you . ext . oporto drive - night from side street , the minis converge on the road and head up towards Steve 's house . int . charlie' mini ( moving ) - night he can feel the adrenaline already start to course through be body . charlie this be it , guy . moment of truth . he take a sharp curve ... and the moment that Steve 's house should come into view ... he hit the brake , he expression turn to complete surprise . he Pov the neighbor across the street from Steve be have the biggest party in town . the road be fill with park car and arrive guest . ai not no way they be blow the gate , launching chemical grenade or in any way robbing Steve 's house in the midst of this . charlie' face as he take this in , there 's a knock on the window . he turn . see a uniform valet . roll down the window . valet be you hear for the baxter party , sir ? ext . oporto drive - night we see the three minis pull tight u-turn and head back the way they come . int . charlie' mini ( moving ) - night he slap he hand against the steering wheel , fume . charlie shit. stella ? int . stella's mini ( moving ) - intercut she already know what he 's go to say . stella I know . I have get a date tonight . charlie you will have to fake it . laugh at he joke . you need he to ask you out again . CUT to : int . ago restaurant - night a posh restaurant . as our camera find stella and Steve , she be laugh at something he say , fake she way through the date . they be sit at a intimate table . stella you really make laugh . he take the lie like the compliment she want he to think it be . steve so here 's what I have line up for after dinner . we will go to Club deep . the Ferrari always get I to the front of the line . we will do a little dance ... stella not tonight . I do not want to be out late . steve why the curfew ? stella let 's just say I have make some wrong call in the past . I like to take thing slow , cautious . next time ... steve I understand . you have nothing to worry about . you can trust I . stella I trust everyone . it 's the devil inside they that I do not trust . that say strike Steve . steve that 's a interesting say . stella what ? he look at she closely , really closely . steve there 's only person I have ever hear say that . use to say it all the time . this worry she . because of course , she use to hear it from she father . stella who be that ? under the table , he grab she by the wrist , squeeze it like a vise . steve a man name John bridger . where do you pick up that phrase ? stella ow . I do not remember . you be hurt I . steve John bridger be a thief . and he have a daughter . about you age . he tell I that she take over a safe and lock company that he use as a front . stella let go of my wrist . what be wrong with you ? it 's just a say . Steve 's voice be calm , so at ease that watch they you would think this be pleasant dinner conversation . steve no wonder I like you right away . just like I like you old man , right up until the moment I shot he in the head . now tell I who you be work with and tell I the plan . do it now or we will go for a ride and I will break every bone in you body . stella intentionally knock over a glass of wine . it shatter on the floor . a emergency signal ... Charlie , half - ear , handsome Rob and lyle appear around the table . Steve be shocked to see the man he leave for dead three year ago stand before he , very much alive . they pull up chair from another table , encircle he for a tense and point talk . charlie something wrong , Steve ? you look like you want to call ghostbuster . half - ear furtively slide the switchblade out of he boot . half -ear she 's come with we . you get a problem with that ? steve Fine by I . but it 's you that have the problem . lyle how do you figure ? steve you have just blow the one thing you have go in you favor , the element of surprise . and I be surprised . ( he laugh unpleasantly ) Jesus Christ when I see all you guy come out of the woodwork . for a minute I think maybe you be ghost . but you be screw now . ( a arrogant sneer a half - ear ) do you figure out how to take care of my security guard ? I will hire five more . ( at lyle ) you know how to bypass my alarm system ? I will have a new one install tomorrow . ( at handsome Rob ) do it tear you up inside see what car I drive ? I will buy a match one in red . ( at stella ) you think you can crack my safe ? you will end up the same way as you dad . ( then to Charlie , all smile ) look like good time Charlie 's get the blue . charlie you can wear that shit -eate grin on you face , but I know under that versace shirt you be in a cold sweat . and you be not go to sleep a minute tonight . Cause you think you would get away with it free and clear . you think you would get rid of we . you be the one who 's screw . right to the wall . steve give it you best shot . I will outsmart you every step of the way . and this time , I will bury you myself . charlie ( take the challenge ) get more guard . Change the alarm . buy a dozen ferraris . we will still be here . sleep tight . Charlie grab a bread stick off the table and go . the other follow . CUT to : int . strip club - back room - night the door burst open as the burly man we meet earlier be drag inside at gunpoint . five ukrainian armed with mac - 11 machine pistol storm the room where skinny Pete work . mashkov walk behind the posse . he carry a duffel bag . he take in the sight of the fattest man he 's ever see . mashkov ( in accented English ) do you know who I be ? skinny pete you work for danya . mashkov yes . and you be gonna be straight with I and everything 's gonna be okay . you fuck with I , I will be ruthless . skinny pete I understand . mashkov I do not want you to understand . I want you to overstand . skinny pete overstand ... okay . mashkov because if you do not overstand , I will use this . mashkov nonchalantly open the duffel bag and pull out a short - handle ax . skinny Pete see dry blood on the blade . mashkov someone be ask about gold bar with a balinese girl 's face on they . I want the name of this man . CUT to : ext . shutter be on the beach - morning the sun shine over the ocean and the hotel . int . charlie' HOTEL room the crew be gather . lyle , monitoring digital surveillance on he laptop , take off he headphone . lyle well we scared he alright . he 's fly the coop . his security guard call brink 's armore car service to confirm a 5 p.m. pick up at he house , then jetclub to confirm a md11 cargo plane depart from the Imperial Terminal at lax at 8 p.m . charlie confirm ? how would we miss the first call ? lyle they must have be cellular . the cargo plane be be charter to Mexico City . handsome rob only place with worse smog and traffic than L.A. stella once the charter 's in the air , he could change the flight path to anywhere . and good - bye gold . charlie not so fast . this be good news for we . handsome rob good news ? charlie sometimes when you be up to you ass in alligator you forget that you start off try to drain the swamp . handsome rob meaning what the fuck ? charlie we have be try to get to the gold in the safe . now the safe be come to we . we will boost it in transit . he might as well have say they will steal the Holy grail before sunrise . handsome rob Charlie . he could take a dozen different route to the airport and we have no idea which one . we can not take out a armored truck during rush hour . charlie we be already set to do it . napster : how would you like to create the biggest traffic jam in the history of Los Angeles ? lyle keep talk . charlie you gridlock every route except the one we choose . Force the truck to go exactly where we want it to go . handsome rob but where do we want it ? we can not shoot it out with armed guard in a brink 's . we would lose . and even if we pull it off , the cop would be all over we , chase we all the way to Union Station . we be outman and outgun . charlie but not outsmart . Charlie hum with focus energy . there 's a term for it in horse racing . when a thoroughbre be at peak condition , and twitching with eagerness to run , he be " on the muscle . " that describe Charlie right now . charlie we will do it like the italian job . we will make thirty million in gold drop out of sight . they be interrupt by Charlie 's cell phone ringing . this throw they all off . charlie who else have this number ? half -ear no one but we . it 's still ringing . Charlie decide to answer it . charlie hello ? int . office - philadelphia - intercut meet PHILLY steak . or at least meet the back of he neck . because that 's where he have a tatoo that say PHILLY steak . PHILLY steak why would you do it ? charlie ( inform the crew ) Philly steak. ( then into phone ) do what ? our camera track around to Philly Steak 's face which be weathered and as leathery as a football . a old school crook . PHILLY steak yevhen . the ukrainian gold , dealer . you do not , have to clip he , for Christ 's sake . charlie clip he ? PHILLY steak listen to I . you have gotta get out of L.A. now . charlie what be you talk about ? we do not clip anybody . PHILLY steak well skinny Pete just call I . yevhen 's cousin be under the distinct impression that you do . charlie why do he think that ? PHILLY steak because you want , to know about the gold with the balinese girl . plus I guess Pete be under duress . this ukrainian think he 's Paul Fucking bunyan . charlie do you know how to get in touch with he ? PHILLY steak yeah but ... charlie maybe there 's a way we can play this to we advantage . PHILLY steak be you out of you mind ? listen to I , Charlie . get out of L.A. now . Cause if there 's one thing I know , it 's that you never mess with mother nature , mother - in - law , or mother - fuck ukrainian . int . safe house - morning speak of -- five ukrainian lock and load they mac - 11 machine pistol plus a m4 carbine with a 40 mm grenade launcher mount beneath the barrel . mashkov enter the room and tell the other in subtitled ukrainian . mashkov he 's go to be on train 59 for New Orleans . ukrainian you sure you source be good ? mashkov I be sure . CUT to : int . danya' house - morning the home where the porno be make . Karen , wear a backpack stuff with she only belonging , creep into the kitchen with two 3 / 4 " videotape in hand . she set they down on the counter . they say master tape on the label . she open the microwave oven . put the tape inside . set the timer for 60 minute at the high level and press the start button . as the videotape start to cook , we watch Karen flee out the door . CUT to : ext . hollywood at highland - day the u- haul be park on the side of the noisy , congest boulevard . a large metal sheet be now mount on the side of the panel truck . high angle . park behind the u-haul be two of the minis and lyle 's vespa . we see traffic flow through the busy intersection next to the vehicle . then we boom down , really fast , right into the black pavement and -- through the darkness and out the other side , so we be now underground in the middle of the -- metro rail tunnel where half - ear be at work , mount nitramon primer to the tunnel wall , Charlie assist . they both wear orange jumpsuit , plus headsets and micu . half -ear do you know Einstein 's 7th grade teacher tell he he be a moron who would never amount to anything ? same as mine . charlie still hope for that Nobel Prize . half -ear not I , man . but I do get my college diploma . charlie no shit . I think you drop out of high school . half -ear get my ged after Italy then just keep go . charlie how would you manage that , all the job we have be pull ? half -ear quit go to strip club . go to night school instead . City college be all . charlie good for you . that 's a real feather in you cap . half -ear I do not want to say anything to the guy . there 's a rumbling SOUND in the distance . charlie secret 's safe with I . the rumbling grow unbearable as a Metro roar closer , headlight gobble up the dark tunnel . they press themselves into a crevice in the wall . with a roar and a gust of wind , the Metro howl by . it make they jaw clatter . int . u-haul ( parked ) - day stella 's in the cargo area with lyle who 's work he laptop . it 's monitor display a string of computer code . he hear over he headset : charlie ( v.o. ) napster . how go it up there ? over . lyle work on the Metro Rail system . almost ready . ext . maravilla drive - same time handsome Rob 's Mini be park on the side of the wind road . use binocular , he look down onto oporto drive at Steve 's house . into he headset : handsome rob everything 's quiet here . over . int . metro rail tunnel - day the nitramon be apply . half - ear close he eye . Charlie observe he a moment . charlie you okay ? half -ear ah huh . just need a moment 's meditation . charlie now ? half -ear I be about to insert a wire into a detonator tube and if the wire touch the side of tube , we will be blow to Kingdom come . best to be at one with yourself . charlie take all the time you need . another moment , then half - ear set to work . Charlie hold a mini-flashlight , illuminate the intricate detonator . very carefully , he insert a wire into a tube . remember , the wire must not touch the side . the wire be half - way in when a large spider drop onto he hand . frozen , he ponder this . Charlie see the spider , do not know what to do . half - ear study the spider ... then he close he eye just a moment ... relax ... breathes in , breathes out ... and then -- he lean forward , open he mouth and clamp he lip over the spider , come back up . finishes insert the wire . job do , he calmly open he mouth . the spider put a hairy leg out and delicately explore he cheek . half - ear pluck it off just as delicately , deposit the spider on the wall . Charlie just shake he head in disbelief . half -ear my work here be do . ext . oporto drive - day a brink 's truck climb the road towards Steve 's house , flanke by two BMW k1200 lta motorcycle . ext . maravilla drive - same time through binocular , handsome Rob be still keep a eye on Steve 's house from the higher vantage point . he Pov the front gate rise . the brink 's truck and motorcycle be let inside and head up the driveway . but then he see a second armore truck drive up , also guard by two motorcycle . and a third brink 's follow by motorcycle turn into the driveway . ext . steve's house it 's a convoy of match armored truck ... ext . maravilla drive - day witness the twist of event through he binocular . he speak into he headset mic -- handsome rob problemo . int . u- haul - intercut the rest of the crew be now all in the U -haul . lyle 's man the laptop . charlie what be it ? handsome rob he 's bring in three identical armored truck . charlie shit. decoy . it 's like a shell game on wheel . lyle how can I reroute the truck if I do not know which truck to reroute ? ext . steve's house - ( time CUT ) - day the caravan of armored truck and motorcycle now head down the driveway . the Ferrari follow behind . ext . maravilla drive - day handsome Rob see the vehicle head east on oporto . he report into he mike : handsome rob Three brink 's truck be leave with motorcycle escort , plus Steve in he Ferrari . int . u-haul madden frustration . lyle how're we go to figure out which truck have the gold ? Charlie be just as frustrated ... but in a tight spot he always come up with a idea . charlie you can monitor the traffic video camera from you laptop , right ? lyle yeah . charlie where 's the first camera the truck will go past ? lyle hit a command key and we now see the intersection of woodrow Wilson drive and cahuenga where vehicle be drive under the traffic signal that a traffic video camera be mount to . lyle cahuenga boulevard . they all have to cross that . charlie the weight of the gold will lower the suspension on the truck . ext . cahuenga boulevard - day the first armored truck make its way through the green light . int . u-haul lyle hit the keyboard and line of measurement appear across the image of the brink 's truck . he strike another key , momentarily freezing the image . he make a visual check of the top of the armored truck against the cahuenga boulevard street sign . lyle line up with the top of the sign . next ... he unfreeze the first image just in time to check out the next armored truck in line . freeze . the top of this truck also line up perfectly with the top of the street sign . lyle first two be the same . ext . cahuenga boulevard - same time the third brink 's truck make its way through the intersection , the Ferrari behind it . int . u- haul - same time the third brink 's come into the monitor 's view . freeze . the top of the truck be below the top of the street sign . lyle that 's we truck ! license plate awp82092 . ext . cahuenga - same time we see the truck with the California plate awp82092 . our view rise up until we be look at a aerial view as the three armored truck and they motorcycle fan out in three different direction , with the Ferrari go in a fourth direction . ext . hollywood at highland - day handsome Rob pull up in he Mini and park behind the other minis . int . u- haul - same time Charlie give the command . charlie gridlock time . lyle execute , hit a series of key and -- int . mainframe computer room - same time inconspicuous on a shelf , the dummy file box click into action . in response , the false panel on the mainframe hum to life and in the adjacent -- traffic control CENTER the mosaic of traffic screen spiral into darkness . the worker can not believe it . they start hit they keyboard try to get the system up and run again . but it 's useless since -- int . u-haul lyle control the system now . a single mouse click load he new algorithm into the computer and -- series of rapid - FIRE shot all the traffic signal in Hollywood turn green simultaneously . ext . intersection see car collide into each other . see a domino line of rear - end crash . a motorcycle tumble over . int . traffic control CENTER the stymy worker watch helplessly . int . u-haul lyle quickly type out some word and int . traffic control CENTER the worker see the word form on the giant screen : you'll never shut down the real napster ! ext . more intersection the traffic light turn red simultaneously . then all turn GREEN . then red again . it 's demolition derby time . Daisy - chain of wreck . Cars spin like hockey puck . total traffic meltdown . int . knx - am 1070 traffic helicopter - day sweep over a panoramic view of the great traffic jam in L.A. 's history be traffic anchor christina griego . she report what she see : christina griego this be Christina griego with you drive-home traffic report on knx . I be look down on Hollywood boulevard and this be definitely a cig alert . int . ferrari they be block in solid ahead and behind . steve what the hell ? he turn on the radio as -- int . u-haul lyle 's finger dance across the keyboard . lyle open up a space on North highland . int . gold truck stuck in the middle of it . the driver and guard , both armed , be as confuse as everyone else . guard get we out of here . driver I be try . he see a way out , a sudden open on North . highland . int . u-haul via a traffic video camera , lyle see on he laptop the gold truck , follow by two motorcycle , make the turn onto North highland . lyle he 's take it ... lyle hit more key . lyle I now command you to turn leave . ext . gold truck it come to the next intersection . every light be stick on red -- except the leave turn only signal which be green . no choice . the truck take it . int . u-haul he 's strike key , a orchestral conductor , the crew he audience . lyle I have get it on Hollywood boulevard . time to slow down . ext . hollywood boulevard signal turn green , but only for three second , long enough for one car to gun through it at a time . at the same time , we see Charlie get out of the u- haul and climb into the first Mini . stella get into the second mini. half - ear join handsome Rob in the third . int . ferrari - day Steve get the scoop over the radio . he can not believe it . christina griego ( v.o. ) accord to the police , the computer at the traffic Control Center be down . Steve know who do that . steve sonovabitch . int . charlie' mini - day through he rearview mirror , Charlie eye the gold truck creep closer . charlie gentlemen , start you engine . three shot start they engine - with soupe - up , throaty roar : Charlie ; handsome Rob ; stella . charlie give we the flag when you be ready . int . u-haul lyle have hack into the Metro Rail 's Control system . start he magic . lyle shut down the rail as we speak . int . metro rail tunnel - several shot a Metro be speed through the Blue line tunnel . suddenly it lose power and come to a inglorious stop . another Metro stop on the Red line . Inside a Metro on the westside corridor as it stop ; confuse passenger stare out the glass . int . u-haul his laptop show a group of still circle that represent the stall metros . lyle tunnel 's clear . go ! ext . walk of fame the three minis jump the curb and drive right over the star - line sidewalk ... pedestrian throw themselves out of they path ... the car run over Marilyn Monroe 's star and the flower and candle leave by fan ... they make a sharp turn down the cement stair that lead to the Metro Rail platform . at the same time -- ext . hollywood boulevard the creep gold truck be just about alongside the park U - haul . int . u-haul through he sideview mirror , lyle eye the progress of the gold truck . he give the word : lyle come into position ... int . metro rail station the minis roughly bounce down the second flight of stair . the side of the car scrape against the metal handrail . tourist , worker , all scamper away . int . u-haul the gold truck get closer . lyle five ... four ... int . metro rail station the minis land on the platform where everyone be wait for the next Metro . head turn at the sight of this half - car streaking by . int . u-haul the gold truck be almost alongside the u-haul . lyle Three ... int . metro rail station Charlie 's Mini fly off the platform and land on the rail line . the car 's shock take the hit . the other minis follow suit , off the platform , onto the rail . lyle ( v.o. ) two ... one ... the minis drive past the spot where they put the nitramon explosive . lyle ( v.o. ) do it . int . stella's mini she brake to a stop and brace herself as -- int . handsome rob' mini half - ear pull out he hearing aid , hit the remote to a detonator and -- ext . hollywood &amp ; highland the section of pavement that the gold truck sit on split apart . the road surface drop away . smoke billow up as the brink truck fall ... int . metro rail tunnel suddenly the street , the armored truck and daylight come crash down at we in a cloud of smoke and debris . the truck 's windshield implode . the minis come to a stop . half - ear jump out . aim the grenade launcher . fire . int . gold truck the triple charge chemical grenade sail in through the windshield and explode , knock out the guard . the driver slump against the steering wheel , the horn blaring under he weight . at the same time : int . u- haul - on the CUT lyle hit a button on a remote control and -- ext . u-haul clamp unlock , release the heavy steel sheet from the side of the U - haul . it slam down , neatly cover the gape hole in the road like a huge manhole cover . ext . hollywood &amp ; highland the motorcycle follow the brink 's come to a sudden stop . the motorcycle guard watch the smoke clear . the armored truck have vanish ! vaporize in the gridlock ! go ! pandemonium . people scatter . a man jump out of he BMW and sprint away from the explosion . lyle get out of the u-haul and run to he getaway vehicle : the vespa . he 's about to hop on , but something stop he ... the sight of the vacant , shimmer , 2002 BMW 750 il park just ahead , key dangle from the ignition . at the same time , the motorcycle guard climb off they bike . draw semi-automatic handgun . result : more madness bystander flee . the BMW tear out of there , lyle behind the wheel . int . metro rail tunnel - day the rear door to the brink 's be open . we crew see the worthington 1000 inside . charlie Nice work . half -ear well like Einstein almost say : genius be ten percent inspiration , ninety percent detonation . charlie let 's get we gold . stella go up to the impose safe . give it a look of momentary respect , then set to work ... int . knx - am 1070 traffic helicopter - day Christina griego tell she radio audience : christina griego I have see earthquake , mudslide , fire , riot , but this ... let I try to paint a picture for we listener . int . ferrari hear the news over the radio . christina griego ( v.o. ) there 's be some kind of a explosion and a brink 's truck have just drop down into the Metro Rail Blue line . Steve slam the car into gear and jump the sidewalk , pass the gridlock . he holler into a walkie- talkie -- steve the truck 's in the Metro Rail . where do the Blue line go back above ground ? ext . street - series of shot the motorcycle guard who be escort the decoy truck hear Steve over they walkie-talky . with squeal of rubber , they turn around as one of the guard answer -- motorcycle guard it come out at flower &amp ; pico . at the same time -- int . metro rail tunnel - day stella work the dial , feel for contact point . and -- ext . hollywood &amp ; highland - day the two motorcycle guard fervently try to lift off the steel sheet that drop down from the U - haul . int . metro rail tunnel - day they see daylight start to stream in from above as the steel sheet slide a little . charlie stella ? stella shhh ... we hear stella 's heart pound in she ear . see the perspiration on she fingertip . stella you know when you say this would not be the same as open a safe for the cop ? handsome rob yeah . stella do you have to be right ? ext . hollywood &amp ; highland - day the motorcycle guard strain , manage to shift the steel sheet enough so they can see the armored truck below . int . metro rail tunnel - day close shot on stella 's eye , pure concentration . close shot on each number on the dial . finally : click . she grab the safe 's lever and swing the sturdy steel door open . she instinctively look away . charlie do not you want to see what 's inside ? stella I never look . charlie trust I . you wanna look . so she do . Inside be a mountain of gold brick ... ext . hollywood &amp ; highland - moment later the motorcycle guard heave , strain , finally get the steel plate off . but it 's too late as -- int . minis - series of shot engine rev . exhaust jet . hand slam stick -shift . int . metro rail tunnel the car streak off deeper into the Metro Rail tunnel , headlight bounce off the wall . int . charlie' mini ( moving ) - day it 's a rush cruise down the tunnel . take the Blue line . lead the pack . but they be not home free yet . ext . 101 freeway - day rush hour gridlock -- no problem . the Ferrari 's 12 cylinder massive 210 hp engine bellow as it hit 120 m.p.h. in the breakdown lane . a highway patrol car start chase after it , siren wail . int . ferrari ( hauling ass ) - day merging onto the 110 South , Steve see the patrol car in hot pursuit . he shift into sixth and suddenly this car be a rocket blast off , do a 1 / 4 mile in 1.3 second , leave the patrol car far behind . at the same time -- int . safe house - garage mashkov and the other heavily armed ukrainian climb into a suv . the garage door open and the vehicle charge out of there . and at the same time -- int . metro rail tunnel the three minis speed by underneath our camera in streak of red , white , and blue . int . charlie' mini ( moving ) he spot the proverbial daylight at the end of the tunnel . ext . flower &amp ; pico - day where the Blue line rise up to ground level . the minis thunder into the daylight , past the above ground platform , just as two motorcycle come fly around the corner after they . picture this : two guard on each motorcycle with each man seat behind the driver hold AK - 47 in each hand , give they the appearance of have submachine gun grow out of they shoulder . finger go flat against the AK - 47 triggers . blow shot after shot at the minis . bam-bam -bam . int . charlie' mini in the tooth of gunfire . bullet explode through the back window in a cacophony of crashing glass . a shot wing he door . pop ! into headset : charlie Split up ! ext . flower &amp ; pico they head off in different direction through congest downtown rush hour traffic . one motorcycle take off after Charlie 's Mini . the other go after handsome Rob 's Mini . so stella 's free and clear except that Steve 's Ferrari be barrel down pico and come after she . int . lapd helicopter ( flying ) a lapd pilot swoops in , bark out instruction to police car converge on the scene . ext . charlie' mini turn onto exposition , the motorcycle in pursuit , the chopper overhead . his red Mini jump a curve , now on a wide sidewalk , accelerate full throttle for the horizon while pedestrian flatten themselves against a high - rise in fear . int . charlie' mini he see someone give he the finger . mutter : charlie if you do not like how I be drive , get off the damn sidewalk . meanwhile : int . handsome rob' mini he 's get the other motorcycle on he tail , relentless gunfire dogging he every move . he shift smooth as silk , squeezing between a car he 's pass and a oncoming car in the other lane . half - ear be try he best to remain calm but Jesus , that be close . suddenly , handsome Rob veer off the road and wham . he take down a chain link fence and be now in the parking lot of the : ext . convention CENTER his white Mini catapult across the asphalt , the motorcycle still right behind . int . handsome rob' mini up ahead , he eye the open door entrance to the Convention Center . stomp the gas . half -ear what be you do ? the turbine howl . half -ear what -- be -- you -- do ? ext . convention CENTER the Mini squeeze through the doorway and into the -- int . convention CENTER it 's the STAR trek grand slam 2002 convention in full swing . display table be line up in the cavernous hall and the Mini snake through the maze and the trekky as -- the motorcycle follow right behind and the chase be really on now . thuda thud thuda , the Mini 's wheel climb a flight of step . wave of people flee the path of the little car and -- thud , thuda , thud , the motorcycle follow right behind . the Mini zip down the wide concourse Hall -- travel underneath banner of Star Trek character that hang from the ceiling -- the motorcycle keep up , tire tear into the carpete . int . handsome rob' mini he shift , swerve , avoid people , obstacle . half -ear go that way ! handsome Rob turn , take they down the -- west hall that stretch out toward the staples Center . whiz . the Mini go by . whiz . the motorcycle go by . then -- the Mini steamrolls through the exit door and -- ext . convention CENTER / staples CENTER it bound down outdoor step and ramp onto the outside entrance to the staples Center , fitting snugly between cement pillar that be design to keep regular-sized car out . int . staples CENTER - day the Mini bulldoze through glass door . across the lobby . down a aisle that lead right to -- CENTER court where our L.A. laker be in the midst of practice . the minis do look like matchbox car next to this tower player . the car 's tire leave a streak of rubber on the parquet floor . the team clear a path . the car be off the court before they know it . but now the player see the motorcycle come down the aisle . see the gun . see security guard run after it . kobe bryant pick up a basketball . the motorcycle charge across center court . kobe aim ... hurl the ball . it ram into the motorcycle 's handlebar . the bike spin out of control and into a nasty fall , spitting off the rider while -- ext . staples CENTER the Mini crash out the opposite side of the arena and glide right through the L.A. Sports arch of Fame before escape onto figueroa . meanwhile : ext . south alameda - day the Ferrari be eat up the pavement as it hound after stella . two police car be roaring after they both . int . stella's mini she slap the gear into action , maneuver tight turn around the car in she path , just like she do at home with Jack Daniels . ext . south alameda a cop car try to pass the same car as the Ferrari but smashes into a oncoming vehicle . as it spin like a corkscrew -- ext . ferrari the rear tire spin smoke and it launch like a missile after the Mini . int . stella's mini she keep flooring it ... the gauge rise ... the customize engine scream ... but the Ferrari , like a unstoppable force , hang menacingly in she rearview mirror . i/e ferrari Steve ram into the rear bumper of the blue Mini . the bumper tear off , roll across the pavement . the Ferrari be about to make another charge . int . stella's mini she yank the wheel leave to avoid the hit . suddenly find herself in the path of a arrowhead water truck . she yank the wheel right to avoid a collision . int . arrowhead water truck the truck driver hit the brake , over compensate as he turn away from the Mini and -- ext . south alameda the truck fall over onto its side , send that big jug all over the road , water explode into the air and -- the Ferrari crash through the jug , one roll up the hood and over the windshield , dousing it like a car wash . the lane be block by the wreck . Steve make a right turn . the police cruiser hit the brake but not fast enough . it slam into the water truck . ext . 5 th STREET Steve turn onto a one - way street and he 's go the wrong way . a Jeep wrangler almost run into he head - on but both car stop just in time . the driver of wrangler , a muscular fire plug of a guy , jump out , furious . furious driver what 's wrong with you , you stupid - ass , son of a bitch , dickhead ... as more invective be hurl , Steve get out of the Ferrari and walk towards the furious driver . furious driver what ? you want a piece of I ? c'mon , dumbshit . bring it on . I will be pull peanut out of you asshole -- bang . Steve shoot the guy 's foot . furious driver shit ! shit ! you shot I in the foot ! while the furious driver hop on one leg , Steve get into the wrangler and take off , abandon the Ferrari . at the same time -- int . BMW 750 IL ( moving ) - sunset lyle 's coast down exposition boulevard towards Union Station . clear sailing for he . he see a young woman thumbing for a ride . it 's Karen . and he recognize she : she be hitchhike when he first arrive in l.a . he pull over . to lyle , she might be a angel in the empyrean if she be not , so completely , a woman . lyle where be you go ? karen away . lyle how about far , far away ? karen the farther the better . ext . figueroa &amp ; olympic - day Charlie 's still have a helluva time get rid of the motorcycle . it scream like a banshee as it streak up alongside the Mini . Charlie suddenly see a AK - 47 point right at he . int . charlie' mini he jerk the steering wheel and swerve off the street , drive through the parking lot of the historic Hotel figueroa . with the motorcycle dogging he heel , he look up at the building . it have three tower that rise up 12 storey , with a giant mural of Albert Einstein cover one of the tower ( it 's a ad for Apple Computers : think different . ) suddenly the lapd helicopter swoops down towards the parking lot , shatter the air , blow up dirt and discard newspaper in a rush of turbo-wash , try to box in the Mini . int . charlie' mini he 's get no place else to go ... int . HOTEL figueroa the Mini squeeze through the entrance and into the lobby with its exotic moroccan decor . horrify guest catapult out of the way . the Mini drive past wooden statue , pot palm tree . the motorcycle follow the car as it streak towards the elevator . Charlie look back , see the motorcycle . the elevator door open . some tourist step off . charlie go up ? int . elevator the Mini dart right in , not a inch to spare . Charlie reach out the window , press the button for roof . he see the motorcycle charge after he , burn rubber across the beautiful tile floor . closer , closer . the door close just in time . a second elevator open , the motorcycle zoom inside , people scream at the sight of the gun . ext . rooftop - day the door open , ping , and the Mini reverse out , spin . looking down onto the building 's rooftop , we see that it be shape like a capitol E , three tower connect by a narrow strip . each tower have its own elevator . int . charlie' mini he want to drive across the rooftop strip but there 's a big problem : the giant sign that exclaim HOTEL figueroa in red and white neon light block so much of the strip that even the Mini could not squeeze through . in he rearview , he see the second elevator door open and out come the motorcycle . he 's trap up here . but he 's not about to abandon ship . ext . rooftop so he floor it , slap the gear , hurtle to the edge of the first tower and in -- eye - popping cgi slow motion shot his car hurl into the wide blue empty space ... the ground deliriously distant ... spirale through the air like a football ... next tower - rooftop the Mini land right - side - up with a thud . Charlie , rattle , look over he shoulder and see the lapd helicopter rise over the rooftop , turbine scream . and here come the motorcycle . Flying from one section of the rooftop to the next . it land and the driver revs it forward -- i/e charlie' mini he speed toward the edge of the roof and launch off towards the third tower some twenty foot away . land . keeps go to the last elevator , skid to a stop . he reach out , punch the call button . then look over he shoulder to witness -- the motorcycle go full throttle to make the final rooftop to rooftop jump . but its front wheel hit the edge slightly off-kilter ... it soar but with a slight downward trajectory ... towards a large window on the top floor ... then lower ... and the look on the driver 's face say it all as ... the front wheel of the motorcycle smack into the side of the building , just below the window . the guard be flung off the bike and they body crash through the window as -- a hunk of explode metal imbed itself in the side of the lapd chopper and -- int . HOTEL figueroa the guard land in the tangier suite in a hailstorm of glass shard . I /e. lapd helicopter smoke billow out where the hunk of metal hit . the pilot keep it under control but it 's time to go . with a whining throb , the injure chopper bank away . int . HOTEL figueroa lobby - day ping . the elevator door open . Charlie 's Mini shoot out then skid out the lobby 's exit . he make it . CUT to : int . stella's mini ( speed ) - day she check the rearview mirror . no sign of the Ferrari . just a Jeep wrangler back there . stella look relieved . feel like she 's home free . CUT to : ext . union station - sunset stella 's Mini pull up to the ramp of the enclose car carrier at the end of amtrak train 59 , bound for New Orleans . she can see the other two minis be already inside . she get out and hand the cargo loader a ticket . ext . union station - night the " all aboard " announcement go out over the PA system . then the superliner train pull out of the station , quickly pick up speed . int . first CLASS car - night the outside streak by through the window . it 's a happy crew . Champagne be pour . Charlie hold up he glass and get they attention . charlie I want to make a toast . Cause there 's somebody miss here today , and we all know who it be . they all raise they glass . charlie to John bridger . the most brilliant master planner of they all . we wish he be with we . we pan across they face . it 's be a three year odyssey for they . they get the gold , but they lose someone they love . all of they to John . clink . int . car carrier - night our camera move past the three minis park inside ... and stop at the last car in the carrier -- the Jeep wrangler . its rear hatch rise and Steve creep out . look around . it 's safe . he walk over to stella 's Mini . pop open the trunk revealing a silver haliburton suitcase . he unzip the case . it 's fill with stack and stack of gold brick , the exotic face of a balinese girl on each one . Steve pull out a brick , embrace it . he know he gold . this brick be real . but as he have a moment with he gold , behind he , the trunk of the other two minis rise in unison . then mashkov rise out of the trunk of the white Mini . another ukrainian rise out of the trunk of the blue Mini . four more ukrainian slide out from underneath the minis . they cock they m-ll . click click click click click click . Steve hear the sound from behind he . he turn around to see the weapon point at he . mashkov take out you gun and drop it on the floor . Steve have no choice . steve who be you ? mashkov you know my cousin . yevhen . steve I never know anyone name yevhen . mashkov get in the trunk . not that trunk , this one . that gold be for we . a gift from some old friend of yours . they say to tell you that they do not mind share the box of cracker Jack , as long as you do not get any . not even the toy surprise . the ukrainian force Steve into the trunk of the white Mini . and for the first time , he 's scared . look up at mashkov , he beg . steve please . do not shoot I . please ... mashkov do not worry . that be not the deal . I be not go to shoot you . steve thank you . thank god. mashkov ( to the other ) he really think I be go to shoot he . the ukrainian laugh . Steve try to laugh . mashkov no. no. I be not go to shoot you . I be go to hack off you limb and bury you while you be still alive . and with that , he close the trunk . thud . like the lid of a coffin . and for Steve , the world fall into blackness . int . first CLASS car - same time underneath the crew 's seat , we see the other two silver haliburton suitcase fill with the rest of the gold . we boom up to we five thief ... charlie New id . handsome Rob pass out new fake driver 's license for when they arrive in New Orleans . lyle ( be : he fake license ) Simon quackenbush ? could I -- just once -- have a cool name ? half -ear ( also complain ) 250_pound ? they be interrupt by the ring of Charlie 's phone . he answer . charlie do you get what you want ? int . car carrier - intercut mashkov be on the other end of the line . mashkov I be happy . during this , lyle type command into he laptop that be connect to a phone jack in the car . charlie it be good do business with you . lyle hit a final command and -- int . engineer room - same time signal box receive the command and -- ext . car carrier - same time the coupler between the car carrier and the rest of the train be electronically disengage . this cause the train to separate from the car carrier . the train speed on without it at 100 mile per hour . the car carrier slowly come to a stop in the middle of nowhere . CUT to : int . dine car - night the dining car feature crisp white linen and extend window for scenic dining . lyle walk over to a table where Karen be wait for he . she look resplendent . lyle be this seat take ? karen it be now . he sit . and as our camera hold on lyle , ready to embark on a new life , we -- CUT to : the cover of wired magazine it fill the screen . and beneath a photograph of lyle himself , we read the headline : will the real napster please stand up how the laptop fugitive pull it off CUT to : int . parlour car - night and as our camera find half - ear , check out the book in the library , feel like the wealthy man he be , we -- CUT to : the cover of philadelphia CITY college's alumni news and beneath a graduation photo of half - ear in he cap and gown , we read the headline : " he be one of m's best student " Professor relive memories of erudite fugitive CUT to : int . lounge car - night and as our camera find handsome Rob , who 's already catch the eye of a woman at the bar , we -- CUT to : the cover of the adelphia cable insider newsletter and beneath a photo of Becky the cable chick , we read the headline : " he take the shirt off my back and i'd give it to he again ! " fed say technician admit to encounter with ' handsome ' thief CUT to : int . first CLASS car - night Charlie and stella drink from glass of champagne . charlie we do it . stella we sure do . charlie there 's something I have be meaning to ask you , stella . but I have just be so busy lately , what with the explosion , car chase , ukrainian and all . stella it have be a hectic day . charlie it 's about that thing you say to I back in Philadelphia . stella that thing ? charlie you say that you can not have a relationship with a pickpocket , gold robber , or any kind of thief . stella oh ... that thing . charlie do you still believe that ? stella yeah . I do . charlie well I be wonder ... what about a retire pickpocket , gold robber , thief ? stella now that 's a entirely different question . and as a enigmatic smile settles across she face , we -- CUT to : the cover of conde mast TRAVEL magazine and beneath a photo of sunbather on a glorious beach , we read the headline : live the good life on the pink sand of bermuda and our view slowly push in closer on the magazine cover ... closer on the line of sunbather ... panning across they face -- and you would never notice unless you be really , really , look for they ... be it they ?... closer on the pixel ... and yes , it sure be ... Charlie &amp ; stella in lounge chair , live the good life . fade out : the end