" four feather " -- by Michael schiffer , revise by hossein amini - 3rd draft < !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> four feather screenplay by Michael schiffer revise by hossein amini base on the book by a.e. mason ext . training ground / westminster barrack / london - Day . through a veil of dust we see two line of uniform cavalry , stretch out across the parade ground . there 's a tense silence except for the occasional flourish of hoof . a horseman step out of each line . lieutenant harry feversham and JOHN durrance face each other across the wide expanse . already we feel the keen sense of competition between they . durrance raise he sabre first . his horse set off at a slow trot . his troops follow in perfect time . harry wait a moment , then raise he own sword . a sea of sabre rise up in response . the two line approach each other at a steady canter . a smile of anticipation light up durrance 's face . he 's a bear soldier , enjoy himself . harry look more nervous . he 's not as easy as durrance in the saddle . it 's a skill he 's acquire over the year rather than be bear to . durrance seem to sense Harry 's doubt . with a loud whoop he kick he horse into a gallop and point he sabre forward . his troops echo he war cry and descend on the oppose line at speed . harry check he troops and respond . the two line bear down on each other , hoof thunder , sabre point . durrance charge recklessly . his eye be fix on Harry all the time . harry hold he gaze , but do not look as sure of himself . he 's think too much , try too hard . his horse sense it and slow a fraction . the troops behind he lose they cohesion as they draw level . durrance see the momentary lapse and wave he man on at full tilt . they pass through harry 's troops in a perfect line , panic they mount , cheer triumphantly . harry 's formation lose its shape . there 's no doubt who 's win the drill . durrance wheel he horse around and grin at harry through the cloud of dust . credit roll . int . change room / westminster barracks - day . move through cloud of steam we see the cavalry officer wash themselves in wooden bathtub . there 's a din of voice , soldier re-living the day 's drill , that on durrance 's side still crow over they victory . durrance walk with he arm around harry . with they be another friend , lieutenant trench , a squat bull of a man . durrance ... how many do that make it Harry ? harry it 's not something I count . durrance how many trench ? harry trench can not count . trench grab harry in a neck hold . he let go as he spot another friend of theirs , lieutenant castelton , sit in a bathtub , stare out . trench sneak up on castelton , and duck he head under the water . castelton come up , spluttering . he reach for a bar of soap and hurl it after trench . castelton ... idiot . int . willoughby 's room / barrack - day . a fifth friend , lieutenant willoughby , stare at himself in the mirror . his hair like he uniform be perfect . there 's a loud knock on he door . trench o/ 's ... miss willoughby , miss willoughby we be wait . willoughby finally stop preen himself as he hear he friend pick the lock . he get up reluctantly , take one last look at he reflection in the mirror . ext . barrack gate / london STREET - day . the officer pour out of the barrack gate in full regimental unifom , a sea of gleam red . we pick out harry , durrance , trench , willoughby , and castelton , laugh amongst themselves , take turn to tease each other , inseperable . int . carriage / hansom cab / london street - day . the friend share a flask of whisky as they sit in the back of the carriage . willoughby pass it on without take a sip . harry who be you plan to impress tonight ? trench ( grinning ) Anna what 's -her -name . durrance Anna what 's -her - name 's father more like . do not think we be go to take you any more seriously when you be promote . willoughby ( quietly confident ) we will see about that . a chorus of mock ' oooh ' from the other . trench notice castleton stare out of the window . trench what 's so interesting about a London street ? castelton ( reflecting ) ask I that when we be in bombay . trench roll he eye and turn to durrance . trench be ethne go to be there ? we catch a hint of shyness in durrance at the mention of ethne 's name . durrance I think so . harry watch durrance , a little uncomfortably , as if he 's hold something back . ext . party / india office building / london - night . carriage line the entrance to the India Office . indian valet in turban and robe escort the guest to the entrance , hold umbrella over they . the five friend crowd under a single umbrella . willoughby make sure he 's in the middle , he do not want to get he uniform wet . trench nudge he into the rain . int . the durbar court / party / india office - night . Palm tree and fountain dominate the room . the lady be dress in ballgown , the officer in regimental colour . the full pomp and ceremony of Empire be on display . harry , durrance , willoughby , castelton and trench have gather by the bar , a little overaw by the occasion . trench ( admire the pass woman ) I be go to ask someone to dance . willoughby ( admire the pass Generals ) you say that ten minute ago . trench I be wait for castelton . castelton stare at the aristocratic women , paralyse with shyness . trench ( pour he another drink ) ... just look dreamy . I will do the talk . durrance smile as he listen to they . he turn to harry . durrance can you see ethne ? harry not yet . harry seem uneasy again . we sense there 's something on he mind , something he want to tell durrance . durrance do not pick up on it . he finish he whisky and look back into the throng . willoughby Harry , you father ... harry look away from durrance . he see he father , general feversham , shaking hand with some colleague across the room . int . seating area / durbar court / india office - night . general feversham be deep in conversation with he friend , colonel sutch , a fellow veteran of the crimean war . harry move discreetly into they field of vision . general feversham ( his face lighting up ) Harry ... immediately we feel the bond between father and son . harry ( greeting Colonel sutch ) how be you Colonel ? colonel sutch Fine Harry . relieved to see a few familiar face . when be you boy shipping out ? harry next month . colonel sutch you father and I serve in bombay . there be worse place they could have send you . harry yes Sir . harry smile politely . sutch be sensitive enough to see that he mind be on other thing . he let father and son talk . general feversham be ethne here ? harry not yet . they both smile , as if they share a secret . general feversham reach out and straighten he son 's collar , try to make he look as presentable as possible . int . dance area / the durbar court / india office - night . trench and castelton be dance with two girl : trench waltzing boisterously , castelton take it all very seriously . int . another area / durbar court / india office - night . willoughby have find a place amongst a group of senior officer . he stand next to colonel hamilton , the Commander of they regiment . colonel hamilton ... if I have a choice we would be on we way to the Sudan . deal with this dervish uprising once and for all . 2nd colonel you prefer a tour in the Sudan to India willoughby ? willoughby I do not know about that Sir , but I agree with Colonel Hamilton , we be go to have to fight the mahdi sooner or later . willoughby trail off , leave colonel hamilton to continue . int . bar area / the durbar court / india office - night . durrance downs another whisky . he look less sure of himself in this social whirl than he do in the barrack . a few women cast admire glance in he direction but he do not notice they . his eye keep search the crowd for ethne . int . seating area / durbar court / india office - night . harry gaze through the crowd at durrance . durrance catch he stare and raise a glass . the two friend smile at each other . int . stairway / india office - night . a group of late arrival hurry up the stair towards the party . ethne eustace , be several step ahead of she father dermod , and she friend , caroline adair , a young widow in she 30' . int . entrance / durbar court / india office - night . ethne 's eye search the crowd as soon as she walk through . she stop as she see durrance at the bar . her eye stay on he a moment , but it 's only to see if Harry 's nearby . when she realise he be not she look away . finally she see he , stand with general feversham and colonel sutch . she take she father dermod 's hand , and lead he in they direction . int . bar area / the durbar court / india office - night . castelton and trench be back at the bar , argue . castelton you sole purpose in life be to annoy I . trench she could not see I . castelton I could see you . I can see you everywhere I look . pull that stupid face at I . willoughby now lady . durrance join in the laughter but he seem distract . he take another gulp of whisky and look around the crowd . his eye stop as he see ethne . a smile light up he face , but it 's short live . across the courtyard harry appear , greeting ethne . they hand touch briefly . the noise fade in durrance 's head . he stare in silence . harry shake dermod 's hand warmly . dermod slap he on the back , as if he 's congratulate he . durrance 's eye take in the smallest detail now . even though he can not hear a word , the scene before he reveal itself more and more clearly . colonel sutch raise he glass . general feversham , dermod , and caroline adair respond . harry and ethne move closer , a little coyly , as if the toast be for they . durrance look pale . we feel the disappointment in he eye as he realise what 's happen . harry 's arm move around ethne 's waist , a libery that can only mean they be engage . int . fountain area / durbar court / india office - night . harry and ethne glance at each other tenderly . ethne do you tell they ? harry I be wait for you . ethne not even Jack ? harry not even Jack . the two of they look towards durrance for the first time . int . bar area / the durbar court / india office - night . durrance look up as ethne and harry make they way through the crowd . he gather himself , and walk towards they , conceal he feeling : durrance congratulation . harry how do you know ? durrance nothing escape I Harry ... ( kiss ethne on both cheek ) I be delighted for you both . ethne Harry want to tell you before anyone else . it 's my fault . I ask he to wait . durrance I will still blame he . harry ( relieved that he friend 's take it so well ) you be the one who introduce we . durrance do I ? I will be more careful next time . durrance take harry in he arm , slapping he on the back . willoughby , trench , and castleton appear behind they , realise something 's up . durrance turn to they , beam : durrance Three guess for trench , one for everyone else . the friend let out a cheer as they realise what 's happen . they crowd harry and ethne , congratulate they . int . dance area / the durbar court / india office - night . trench sweep harry and ethne towards the dancefloor . trench ( as if they have to dance in public as a punishment ) ... over there . where we can see you . and remember you be not marry yet . harry take ethne in he arm . harry ( smiling ironically ) alone at last . trench clap loudly as they dance . castleton look embarrassed by he friend . behind they willoughby congratulate dermod and general feversham . int . bar area / the durbar court / india office - night . durrance watch the celebration from the bar . he 's smile to himself , but it 's the glaze smile of someone who 's force himself to be happy . a quiet voice interrupt he : caroline o/ wonderful news be not it ? durrance turn around to see caroline , ethne 's friend , gaze at he . durrance ( smiling automatically ) yes it be . caroline have Harry tell you ? durrance I know it be just a matter of time . ( change the conversation ) what can I get you to drink ? caroline nothing thank you . durrance ( nervous under she gaze ) I would ask you to dance , only I be not sure how steady I be on my foot . caroline ( with the quiet confidence of a older woman ) I would love to dance . durrance grin sheepishly , at a loss , as he be with most woman . int . dance area / the durbar court / india office - night . the waltz be in full swing . all the friend be out on the dance floor . trench spin he girl around energetically , exchange glance with other woman as they pass . castelton stare into he partner 's eye , already in love . willoughby dance with a elderly woman , probably some General 's wife . durrance waltze with caroline , avoid she meaningful glance , look over she shoulder for Harry and ethne . ext . party / india office building / london - night . the rain pour in torrent . harry and ethne stand in the shadow of the building . Harry try to kiss she and hold a umbrella over she at the same time . ethne what if I hold the umbrella ? harry I would have to kneel . ethne nothing wrong with that . harry hand she the umbrella , bend under it . ethne ( with irony as he kiss she more and more passionately ) you be very distant tonight . harr y I be lock in a barrack room all day . ethne what be you go to do in India ? harr y take you with I . ethne a hindu wedding ? harry why not . ethne not on you life . she walk away with the umbrella , leave he expose in the rain . ethne I want the full work . the Church near my home . a long speech from you . a entire regiment crossing sword . harry ( drenched ) done . ethne I do not believe you . harry make a rush and grab she , enevelop she in he arm . ethne you be soaking wet . harry whose fault be that . ethne squirm but lose herself in he embrace . as they start to kiss they be suddenly interrupt by trench 's bray voice in the distance . trench o/ 's ( a regimental song ) goodnight , lady ... goodnight , lady ... goodnight , lady , we hate to see you go ... harry shake he head in despair . trench , castelton , willoughby and durrance together o/ 's merrily we roll along , roll along , roll along ... merrily we roll along , until the morning come ... ethne smile . ethne duty call . harry feel the quiet regret in she voice . harry we have two day leave before we sail . once I tell they we be engage I be sure they will give I more . ethne as long as you promise to make I miserable . argue with I all the time so I do not miss you a bit . her lightness be force . harr y you will be fine . ethne you do not have to reassure I . I be a soldier 's daughter . everything under control . harry I have never kiss a stiff upper lip before . trench 's voice bellow out again as they kiss : trench o/ 's goodnight , ethne 's ... goodnight , Harry 's ... goodnight , goodnight , goodnight ... harrry and ethne ignore he , the rain fall all around they . int . regimental hall / westminster barracks - night . the regimental song turn into a deafen roar . all around the mess hall , officer be laugh and bang on table . harry and durrance stand on wobbly stool , down pint of beer . as soon as they glass be empty they set off down the hall at a sprint . it 's a obstacle course . the two friend duck under two long table , and crawl on they belly , towards two more glass . trench and castelton be busy lay bet on who will win . durrance and harry step over a bridge of chair . they have to find a pint of beer hide under one of they . durrance find he first . trench look at castelton smugly , convinced he 's go to win . harry and durrance step - walk over two long bench . durrance fall off . harry overtake he . he throw he head back and finish off another pint . castelton stand up , cheer . harry and durrance be level as they reach the last glass . as they start to drink harry stop , spluttering . harry this be not beer , it 's whisky . trench down in one ! harry drink again , but he 's fall behind . the pint of whisky disappear down durrance 's throat . grinning , he make he way towards the finish line . harry pour the whisky over he head , concede defeat . ext . training ground / westminster barrack / london - Day . a obstacle course of a different kind . the cavalry be training , gallop at full tilt , harry and durrance bring up the front . at the sound of a bugle , they dismount they horse , and sprint towards a row of bayonet . they snatch up the weapon and charge a row of dummy . drill instructor ... in. out . on guard ... the blade tear into the dummy , expose soft leave and hard wood . drill instructor ... hold the line ... and charge ... the officer charge towards a second set of target . teeth bare , they drive they bayonet into the stuff dummy . castelton 's blade stick in a chunk of wood . drill instructor ... in and out , castelton , in and out ... castelton pull in frustation . he can not get the bayonet loose . drill instructor ... they be come at you boy . rip it out or they will stick you first . castelton put he foot on the dummy 's head and try to wrench the blade free . even though it 's only a training exercise , he panic be real . trench slow down as he watch he friend struggle in vain . drill instructor ... move on trench . castelton 's dead . enemy spear through he throat . the officer continue , bayonet thrust forward , leave the struggle castelton behind . ext . stable / training ground / westminster barrack - day . the man be wash up after exercise , dousing themselves with cold water . everyone 's teasing castelton , except for trench . for once he keep quiet , know how hard he friend 's take it . a seargent-major enter and salute . sergeant-major gentlemen ... fifteen minute , in the briefing room . as he leave , the men look at each other curiously . int . briefing room / westminster barrack - day . the officer be assemble . harry , durrance , trench , willoughby , and castelton , take they place on the wooden bench . as he sit harry notice a map of Africa behind Colonel Hamilton . colonel hamilton ... gentlemen ... ( when the room settles down ) the 1st battalion grenadier Guards have be order to forego they posting to India ... ( off murmur of surprise ) ... we ship out in three day , to establish a forward garrison in the Sudan ... there 's a buzz of excitement . colonel hamilton can hardly contain he smile . he turn to general holmby : colonel hamilton ... General holmby , sir. general holmby , a severe look military man , stand and face the officer . they eye be light - up with anticipation , all except Harry , who stare ahead , slowly turn inward . general holmby ... I would like to apologise for not give you man more notice . I know many of you will find it hard to see you family now . unfortunately we have no alternative ... he turn to the map and point out the sudanese desert . general holmby ... Three day ago , a army of egyptian reserve lead by General hick , be ambush at tashgil by the mahdi 's force . upoun attack the egyptian fle , leave General hick and the british officer with he , to fight a heroic , but in the end hopeless rearguard action . all of they die , sword in hand ... harry stare out silently , he whole world turn upside down . general holmby ... I hesitate to call this a mission of vengeance , but the honour of we country be at stake . this government have finally see fit to send its own troops to war ... there 's loud cheer from the man now , regimental pride and bravado cover any trace of nerve . ext . courtyard / westinster barrack - sunset . the officer pour out into the courtyard , still exhilirate by the think of see war . we hear trench 's voice rise above the other . trench ... I wish I have more than one life to give for my country . two would make I feel a lot safer . harry laugh with the other , hide he mount anxiety . int . harry and durrance 's room / barracks - night . laughter filter into Harry and durrance 's room . the two of they lie in they bed , watch the ember die out in the fireplace . durrance ( gazing up at the ceiling where the noise be come from ) ... I listen to they laugh , and I can not help wonder which one will not be come back . the worse part be I think I even know who they be . harry be I one ? durrance of course not Harry . you be one of the lucky one . always have be . harry pick up the reference to ethne but do not say anything . more laughter filter through . harry stare out in the darkness , torment . durrance what be you think ? harry ( hesitate ) I be wonder what a godforesaken desert in the middle of nowhere have to do with she majesty the Queen . durrance ask willoughby . he 's on the Colonel 's staff . harry I know what he will say : ' it 's not for we to question . ' ( a beat ) do you ever ask yourself why you be go ? durrance not for the Queen . I hardly know she . ( he smile softly ) nor for the regiment . there be not much of a military tradition in my family ... ( a beat ) I suppose I be go because you be go . you , and trench , and castelton , and willoughby ... ( a big grin ) not much of a reason I know , but it reassure I . harry smile , but durrance 's word only make he feel more ashamed of the fear he feel inside . harry be there anything that frighten you , Jack ? durrance I be frighten of not come back in one piece . much more than die . I would not know what to do with myself in a wheel chair . and I could not stand to be pity . he put the think out of he head and grin . durrance there 's a Church near we house . next to the pub . every night at ten the drunk spill out , shouting at the top of they voice . that 's where I want to be bury . where I can hear they . harry nothing 's go to happen to you . durrance it 's out of we hand anyway . might as well sleep easy ... durrance roll on he side . harry look back at the fireplace , as the last ember fade . ext . regimental courtyard - dawn . a cold blue light hang over the barrack . the courtyard be empty , except for a few sentries on duty . wagon pull in , load with supplies . int . harry and durrance 's room / barracks - dawn . harry button he uniform . he look as if he have not sleep . he turn to durrance . his friend be still asleep . harry hesitates . he want to wake he up , and talk , but in the end he turn away , and leave the room . ext . regimental courtyard - dawn . Harry walk slowly toward the regimental Office . he glance up at the regimental flag , fly beside the Union Jack . int . adc ' room / the regimental office - dawn . willoughby look up from he desk as harry walk in . willoughby ( grinning ) ... Harry . you be up early . harry smile awkwardly but do not say anything . willoughby sense something 's wrong . willoughby ( concerned ) ... what 's the matter ? harry look at he for a moment , but then turn to Colonel Hamilton 's other aide -de-camp . harry I would like to see the Colonel please . willoughby stare in confusion . the aide -de- camp disappear into the next door office . harry still can not bring himself to look at he friend . willoughby Harry , what 's wrong ?... he 's interrupt as the aide -de - camp walk back in . aide-de-camp the Colonel will see you , sir . harry thank you . harry walk into Hamilton 's office . willoughby stare after he , bewilder . int . colonel hamilton 's office - day . colonel hamilton glance at the letter harry have just give he . he stop read after only a few word . colonel hamilton what the hell be this ? harry my papers , sir . I wish to resign my commission . colonel hamilton do not appear to understand . he look back at the piece of paper , as if he 's misread something . colonel hamilton if it 's leave you want , there 's a different procedure . normally I would not consider it in the circumstance , but give you have get engage ... harry ( interrupt politely ) I do not want any leave Sir . I wish to resign my commission . a long silence . colonel hamilton calmly put the letter aside , and return to he work , ignore harry . harry Sir ... colonel hamilton it 's nerve . we all have they . harry Sir , I have make up my mind . colonel hamilton and I be ask you to reconsider . harry I have consider , sir . and I have decide to leave the service . colonel hamilton come back to I when you have discuss it with you father . harry it 's not he decision , sir ... hamilton explode , all he repress fury pour out . colonel hamilton I do not accept this " papers , " Lieutenant -- and do not accept that one of my man -- the son of a man with whom I be honore to serve -- would walk out on he regiment -- harry Sir -- colonel hamilton -- on the very eve we be shipping off to war ! ( hold out the papers ) take this back ! harry I will not , sir . Dead silence . harry I wish to resign my commission . hamilton stare at harry for what seem a eternity . he 's struggle to make sense of something beyond he comprehension . slowly he gather himself and lower he eye , look down at Harry 's papers : colonel hamilton very well . then as the coward and disgrace you be , you may take yourself out of my office ... ( sign Harry 's papers ) please leave the barrack at once . you be belonging will be send on . face drain of color , Harry turn and leave . int . adc ' room / the regimental office - dawn . as the door open , willoughby stare at harry , speechless . harry lower he eye and walk on . int . stairway / barracks - dawn . harry walk down the stairway , grip the bannister . two soldier salute he on they way up , but he do not respond . ext . regimental courtyard - dawn . the supply wagon be be unload in the courtyard . harry walk between more soldier , he eye fix on the barrack gate . the only sound he hear in he head be the gentle flap of a flag . int . trench and castelton 's room / barracks - day . castelton be pack he trunk , neat and fastidious , take he time over every item . trench wait for he impatiently . trench ... why can not you do this after breakfast ? we be not leave till tonight . castelton ignore he , fold he shirt . trench turn to durrance , exasperate . trench he pack three bible . can you believe it ? Three bible ... durrance grin . he glance up as willoughby enter . durrance ... field Marshall willoughby ... willoughby do not smile . he look ashen face . durrance ... what 's the matter ? castelton and trench look up . willoughby it 's Harry ... ( he still can not believe it ) he 's resign . trench resigned what ? willoughby ( snap at trench ) his bloody commission . what do you think ?! there 's a long silence . no - one know quite what to say . durrance finally speak . durrance what do Hamilton do ? refuse he leave ? willoughby Hamilton do not do anything . Harry go to see he of he own accord . right after they change we deployment . castelton look at trench , as the insinuation sink in . trench ... it 's just a coincidence . he 's have second thought about leave ethne . willoughby he be happy to leave she behind when we be go to India . no doubt then . durrance ( jumping to Harry 's defence ) what 's that suppose to mean ? willoughby you tell I . he resign he commission the very day we be send to war . durrance Harry 's the best soldier in this regiment . willoughby obviously not when it count . durrance why do not you say that to he face . castelton ( intervening ) we do not know the circumstance yet . ( reasoning with willoughby ) I think we should give Harry a chance to explain . willoughby ( bitterly ) Harry 's go . he leave this morning . whilst you be all asleep . willoughby turn away in frustration . he 's as upset as the other , but he show it in anger . trench and castelton look stunne . durrance stare ahead in silence . trench do he say anything to you , Jack ? durrance ( quietly ) no. nothing . durrance remember he conversation with Harry the previous night . willoughby a action like this dishonor the entire regiment . durrance ( suddenly venting he anger on willoughby ) will you forget about you bloody regiment for once ! willoughby alright then , it dishonour we ! he stare at durrance with conviction . willoughby he be my friend too , Jack ... ( a beat ) ... but a man who be not prepare to give he life for he friend , be not a man at all ... from the look on they face , it 's clear trench and castelton be beginning to agree with he . willoughby this have to be answer . durrance shake he head , refuse to turn on Harry . he storm out of the room . int . train to bintree - night . the whistle of a train . harry sit in a crowded carriage , look stiff in he civilian clothes . he glance out of the window , but see only he own reflection in the glass . ext . ethne 's carriage / bintree - day . ethne drive the carriage through the country lane , overjoy to see harry . ethne ... how many day leave have they give you ? harry how many day would you like ? ethne they should not have let you out of they sight . I be go to kidnap you . harry I think as much . this do not look like the way to you house . ethne laugh happily . harry can not quite bring himself to tell she yet . int . village church near ethne 's home - day . dappled light shine in the small stone Church . ethne take harry under the arm , and walk he up the aisle . harry be not this suppose to be bad luck ? ethne see I in the wedding dress be bad luck . this be practice . ethne look towards the church bench , as if she 's greeting the guest . harr y so I be play you father ? ethne you have to be a little less steady on you foot . he 's have a few to drink . harry ( take slow deliberate step ) how be he ? ethne Fine . he will be thrilled to see you . ethne let go of he hand as they reach the altar . she walk around he , and take he other hand , as if he 's the groom now . ethne " do you Harry feversham -- harr y ( skip the rest ) -- you may kiss the bride . " he try to kiss she . ethne ( laugh ) you can not jump ahead like that . you have to let I enjoy my wedding . it 's you fault the real one be not for another year . harry hesitates , finally see he opportunity . harry there 's nothing to stop we get marry whenever we like , ethne . I have hand in my papers . a long silence . ethne stare at he , not sure she 's understand . ethne ... when ? harry yesterday . I would be think about it for a while . ethne why do not you tell I ? be it because of I ? harry because of you . because of I . I could not see the point of continue . the moment I fall in love with you my career in the army be over . ethne I would have support you career . my mother do the same for my father . it 's what 's always be expect of I . harry I do not think it be what you want . ethne still look conflict . ethne ... it be my fault Harry . I give you the wrong impression . I be really much more stoical than that . it would not have be easy , but I would have cope . I love you far too much to let a year make a difference . harry it be not what I want for we . ( a hint of guilt as he hide the whole truth from she ) I love this place . I love you in this place . we will help you father with the farm . we will get it go again . we will begin we life together . ethne be silent , move by he word . harr y all I want be for you to be happy . ethne ( the smile slowly return to she face ) I be happy Harry . she rest she head in he arm again . ethne as long as you be sure ? harry of course I be sure . he hold she close , kissing she hair , hide he eye from she . ext . courtyard / ethne's home / bintree - day dermod 's dog leap on harry as he jump off the carriage . harry whoa ! you ought to train this beast dermod . dermod I have . train they to scare away prospective son in law . harry and dermod hug each other , already like father and son . int . entrance / ethne's country home - day a maid hand ethne some letter and a parcel as she enter the house . harry follow she up the stair . ethne which room do you want ? harry the one with the connect door . ethne you must have imagine that one . int . the guest room / ethne 's house . day . sunlight fill the room as harry throw open the blind . he take a long look at the field outside . ethne ( glancing through she letter ) I see you have move in already . harry why ? ethne this one 's address to you . she hold out the small parcel . harry walk over curiously . ethne ( teasing he ) a secret admirer ? harry ( teasing she back ) I wonder which one it be . ethne I will open it , thank you . she undoe the wrapping . there 's a small white box underneath . she open the lid . there 's nothing inside , except three white feather , pin to three visit card . ethne 's about to make a joke when she suddenly see how pale harry look . ethne what be it ? ( look at the feather again ) what do this mean ? harry ( slowly ) that there be some thing that can not be hide . ethne ( beginning to look worried ) I do not understand . harry this be feather of cowardice . ethne laugh , nervously . ethne what a horrible joke . harry it be not a joke ethne . they be send in earnest . ethne by whom ? who send they ? ( her anger rise ) how dare they !... harry ( reading the card ) willoughby , trench , and castelton . ethne you see it be a joke . they be you friend . she look to harry for confirmation . harry ( all he can say ) you be the most important thing to I . ethne ( panicked by he tone ) why be you say that to I now ? what be it Harry ? harry we be tell on Tuesday night that the regiment would be shipping out to the Sudan instead of India . that we would be see war within a week . I hand in my resignation the follow morning . there 's a long silence as ethne take it in . like durrance she will not accept it . ethne I do not believe that 's why you resign . you would not have come to I like this . you would not have be able to look I in the eye . harry stare at she guiltily , torment . ethne ( the tear shine in she eye ) ... I do not believe you . Three white feather and we world be at a end . it can not be that simple ... and still he do not answer . ethne ... please Harry ... you have to answer this charge ... harry ( finally ) I can not . all my life I have be follow a path that 's fill I with dread . I keep go because of the people behind I , and the people beside I , but all I want to do be turn and run . I do not even have the courage to do that until I meet you ... ethne do not use I as a excuse . harry ethne -- ethne ( pull away from he ) -- this afternoon you tell I you leave the army because of I . or at least you make I believe it . tell I the truth ? would you have resign if we be not engage ? there 's a long silence . this be the hardest word Harry 's ever have to speak . harry yes . I would have resign . I would not have go to war for anything . ethne stare at he a moment , then remove she engagement ring from she finger , and hold it out to he . ethne I have no right to call you a coward , but you be a liar . please take this back . harry take the ring without protest . ethne turn and walk away . as she leave she set the feather on the table , and close the door behind she . harry listen to she footstep fade . he walk towards the table . as he look down he see four feather . ethne have snap the fourth from she fan . very carefully , as if they be the most precious object in the world , harry gather they , he eye shine with tear . ext . london dock - night . a burst of noise and colour . row of soldier march by , in perfect square , proudly wear they regimental colour . the wharf be line with people , cheer and wave flag , send they off to inevitable victory . int . stable deck / troop ship / london dock - night . we can still hear the roar of the crowd outside . castelton be try to coax he horse into its box . trench , and willoughby , and durrance wait for he . trench ... come on castelton . give she a good kick . I want to wave to the lady ... ext . wharf / london dock - night . the crowd below cheer as the soldier crowd the rail . ext . rail / troop ship / london dock - night . trench wave at the crowd as if he be the Queen . castelton be lose in the scale of it all . durrance stare at the tiny figure , wonder if Harry 's amongst they . willoughby ( interrupt he thought ) ... Jack , I want to apologise for the other day . my argument be not with you . durrance it 's forget . durrance keep stare into the crowd below . ext . wharf / london dock - night . harry stare up at the ship , a ghost amongst the cheer face . the soldier at the rail look like speck , but Harry know he friend be somewhere up there . ext . officer 's stand / wharf / london dock - night . a line of retired officer , salute as the vessel finally set off . amongst they be general feversham , Harry 's father . he stand at attention . ext . london dock - night . the celebration over , the crowd move away from the dock . harry search through the throng for he father . ext . hansom cab / london dock - night . general feversham and colonel sutch wait in line for a hansom cab . the two old soldier look frail in the fall rain . as they be about to climb onto a carriage , a voice call out : harry ( o.s . ) Father ...? the General turn around . his eye fill with emotion as he son approach . harry ... I need to talk to you , Sir . there 's a long silence as general feversham gaze at he son . harry look as if he have not sleep in day . his eye be swollen and bloodshot , full of heartbreak and shame . for a moment it seem as if the old man will take he in he arm and comfort he , but instead he avert he eye , and climb into the carriage . colonel sutch look at harry regrettably , as if to say there 's nothing he can do . ext . london street - night . newsboys follow harry home , try to sell he they newspaper , refuse to take no for a answer . newsboy ... it 's a commemorative issue , sir. War in the Sudan ... harry busy a paper just to be rid of he , only for another newsboy to take he place . second newsboy different paper Sir , London Times . commerative issue ... int . harry apartment - day . the sound of gun echoe in the distance . harry look up . his face be unshaven , he eye glassy from lack of sleep . another volley sound outside . harry get off the floor and walk over . as he do so we see the pile of newspaper that have gather on he floor over the past few week . the regimental gun boom outside . harry open the window . he want to hear they more clearly . he want to be remind of he shame . he walk back to the day 's newspaper and kneel down amongst the mess . we see headline of massacre and slaughter , beneath they artist 's impression of the mahdist atrocity . ext . london street - day . the newsboys run from harry now , mistake he for a tramp . he catch up with one of they , force some money on he . newsboy ( give he a paper ) british defeat in the Sudan ! hundred dead !... harry flick through the newspaper anxiously . ext . war office / london - day . crowd have gather outside the War Office . the mood have change from celebration to panic . people be stunne by the news of defeat , desperate to hear if they love one be alright . soldier hold back the surging mass . only small group be allow in at a time . int . corridor / war office build / london - day . harry hurry down the corridor towards a area where the name of british casualty have be pin to a notice board . people swarm past he in the other direction . some of they look relieved , other be overwhelm by grief . harry hurry on , he heart pound . int . casualty list / war office build / london - day . harry push through the crowd of peer head . as he finally elbow he way to the front he glimpsis the long list of casualty . his eye look through the D 's first . durrance 's name be not there . no sign of castelton under the c's. harry be jostle backwards as he search for the other name . with a fierce effort he get to the front again . no trench under T , no willoughby under W. they be all safe . harry 's body slacken with relief . ext . harry 's apartment block / london STREET - day . harry look drain as he reach the front door of he building . as he open it he landlady walk out . landlady there 's someone to see you Sir . they be wait upstairs ... harry do not wait for she to finish . int . stairway / harry 's apartment block / london STREET - day . harry bound up the stair , expect to see ethne . he stop suddenly as he see colonel sutch instead , wait outside he door . he hide he disappointment with a awkward smile . harry Colonel sutch ... sutch can not help stare at harry , shocked by the state he 's in . int . harry apartment - day . harry try to make the room look more presentable , gather up the newspaper and map off the floor . he finally stop what he 's do and turn around . harry ( quietly ) how be he ? colonel sutch he 's be very withdraw . I have try to persuade he to leave the house but he 's a stubborn man . harr y will he see I ? colonel sutch I do not think so ... ( he pause ) ... but if it 's money you need he will not cut you off . he hint as much to I . harry I do not need money , Sir . harry turn away . sutch look tear . as a soldier he disapprove of what Harry 's do , but as a family friend he can not help feel sorry for the boy . colonel sutch you be never cut out for this proffession . harr y ( a thin smile ) be it that obvious ? colonel sutch it be to I . ever since you be a child . I only wish I would say something to you father . harry turn and face he . harr y ( with a almost morbid curiosity ) how do you know I do not have it in I ? colonel sutch what difference do it make ? harr y it do to I , Sir . it 's all I think about . what make a man a coward ? colonel sutch ( lose patience ) that 's enough Harry . get on a grip on yourself . you be no use to anyone , sit here all day , drive yourself mad ... the outburst seem to release sutch from he soldier 's reserve . he 's all concern now . colonel sutch what 's do , be do . harr y ( quietly ) no Sir , it be not . harry reach into he pocket and pull out a small white box . he open it in front of sutch . there be four white feather inside . sutch stare at the name on the card . colonel sutch ( stun ) who send you the fourth ? Jack ? harr y ethne . sutch look up in surprise , beginning to realise the full extent of Harry 's heartache . colonel sutch throw they away . they do not mean a thing . harry they do to I , Sir . they be all I have leave of my friend . colonel sutch Harry , this be morbid . harr y I do not mean it that way ... ( try to make he understand ) you see , if there be something I could do , something so undeniable ... I be not say it would change anything , it 's too late for that ... but if the feather can be give , then they can be take back . colonel sutch Harry , you friend be in Egypt . harry yes sir. in Alexandria . they transfer to suakin in a fortnight . sutch do not understand at first . then he look at the newspaper and map spread out across the floor , and begin to see the method in Harry 's madness . colonel sutch ( in disbelief ) ... you be a civilian . even if you find they , there 's nothing you can do . harry I be well aware of my chance . colonel sutch then what 's the point !? ( stare at he in dismay ) you think ethne will take you back ? be that what you think ?! from the look in he eye it 's clear the think have enter he head . sutch 's word bring he back down to earth . his voice be quieter now , resign . harr y I do not have any choice ... ( with a terrible honesty ) I be not sure how much longer I can live with myself , here , like this ... colonel sutch stare at he with pity , see the depth of he anguish . harry I be leave for Egypt tomorrow . colonel sutch ( he realise there 's no point try to dissuade he ) do you want I to tell you father ? harry only if something should happen to I . I will write and let you know how I be , as often as I can . colonel sutch what about ethne ? harry have to think long and hard about this . the think of she fill he with sadness . harry I would rather you do not tell she anything . after all I have put she through the least I can do be let she forget I in peace . colonel sutch look move by he predicament , and impressed by this first , grasp sign of nobility . harr y maybe I will come back sooner than I think -- hear the gun booming off the African coast , and take the first ship home . colonel sutch I doubt it , Harry . colonel sutch smile weakly . ext . harry 's Pov . view of the african coast - day . through the shimmer heat we see the outline of the African mountain : a arid moonscape , dust cloud blow in the wind . ext . port of alexandria - day . the same veil of dust blow through the crowded port . harry cover he eye . his hair be longer now , he face gaunt and bearded . clutch he suitcase , he move through the throng . ext . street of alexandria - day . the alleyway look almost dreamlike through the shimmer heat . it 's as if we be in Harry 's head , reflect he state of mind . a crowd of urchin boy be follow he every step , imitate he langorous walk . harry do not notice they . his gaze be rivete by the sight around he : the merchant beckone he into they shop ; the british soldier on leave , shelter in the cool hollow of the cafe and whorehouse ; the beggar , hunch up against the stone wall , they face cover with fly . through the arch of the souk , a wedding procession appear . the bride and GROOM sit on brightly paint donkey . all around they women and child clap and shrill . harry catch a glimpse of the bride 's face . she gaze at he for a moment , then look away . int . colonial HOTEL / alexandria - day . the colour of the souk give way to the cool white emptiness of a colonial hotel . english guest talk in hushed whisper as egyptian waiter serve they tea . harry sit in a corner of the lobby , nursing he drink , observe a group of english officer , laugh amongst themselves . harry look thoughtful , wonder how to approach they . suddenly he hear a commotion . a drunk british corporal be escort out of the hotel by a group of senior officer . he shout and swear , but they ignore he , throw he out of the door . harry get up as he see he chance . int . egyptian bar - brothel / bazaar / alexandria - night . the rhythmic beat of drum . tattooe women dance on a makeshift stage , mesmerise the crowd of eager soldier . harry sit with the drunken british corporal . the man 's eye keep drift longingly towards the stage , as if he have not see a woman in month . harry fill he glass . british corporal ( resuming they conversation ) ... it 's all reconnaisance trip . the river 's too swollen to move troops in number . her majesty 's army 's rotting in suakin . harry which other regiment be with you ? british corporal they're all there : the hussar , the highlander , the grenadier ... which newspaper do you say you be from ? harry the London Times . british corporal you must think I be a disgrace ? ' Sand happy ' . that 's what that officer call I . harry how much longer do you think the troops will be hold up in suakin ? british corporal as long as they can if they be lucky . ( he finish he drink ) do the Prime Minister read you paper ? harr y I imagine so . british corporal then tell he from I we be on a lose wicket here . this bastard be not scared of anything . if they see death walk down the street they would hide in a alleyway and try to pick he off with a stone . how do you fight people like that ... he try to drain the last few drop from he empty glass , then look over longingly , at the tattooe dancers . ext . sand STORM / desert near suakin / sudan - day . thick gust of sand blow at we . as the swirl cloud settle we see a group of misshapen figure , huddle together . as they finally rise and start to move , we realise they be british soldier , on camel . amongst the dust cake face we see trench , castelton , willoughby and durrance . ext . desert near suakin / sudan - day . the sand storm have clear , and in its place a harsh desert sun beat down . the column of british scout trudge forward . durrance ride at the front , look as if he be bear here , eye alert to every shimmer and nuance . up ahead he see a large mound of stone stand out amongst the mud flat . he drive he camel forward . as he approach he see that it 's a dervish burial mound . skull and skeleton be splay across the rock . willoughby ride up through the rank and join he . willoughby what do you think ? durrance I think they be try to frighten we off . we should keep press forward . willoughby offer durrance he water flask . durrance take a drink . durrance ( pull a face ) it 's bloody whisky . willoughby ( grinning ) my camel drink the water . ext . burnt out fortress / desert - day . as the camel tread they way through the sun baked shingles a ghostly fortress appear on the horizon . the man start load they rifle instinctively . ext . courtyard / burnt out fortress / desert - day . all that 's leave of the fortress be a grim skeleton . the Union Jack lie rip to shred , halfway down its flagpole . the british soldier gaze at the destruction . they camel sense they tension and rear a little in the eerie silence . as ever , trench be the first to break the ice . trench ( jumping off he camel , walk towards the fortress well ) I do not know about you lot , but I be go to grab a drink before mustapha do . " mustapha " the camel whinny as if he 's understand every word . the men start laugh . durrance the water 's probably poison . trench ( lead he camel towards the well instead ) mustapha , be my guest . there 's more laughter . durrance smile but he eye be still alert . above the fortress tower he see a flock of bird take flight , rise up gracefully towards the desert sun . suddenly amidst the laughter and chatter , one of the soldier topple off he camel . his friend laugh : friend S ... capshaw you dosy bastard ... ... camilla 's tired he out ... capshaw do not move . castelton 's the first to realise something 's wrong . he jump off he camel and turn capshaw over . half the soldier 's face have be blow off . Raw bone glisten underneath . castelton rear back in horror . castelton sniper ! panic erupt . the soldier leap off they camel , use they as shield . the sniper 's bullet ring out and send one of the animal crash to the dirt . the man start to run now , seek shelter in the surround hutment . the sniper 's gun ring out repeatedly . ext . hutment / burnt out fortress / desert - day . durrance and castelton duck into the hutment . durrance ... keep he pin . he 's up in the tower . castelton unleash a volley of shot . durrance move quickly to the other side of the hutment and climb out of the window . ext . courtyard / burnt out fortress / desert - day . the camel circle around themselves in panic . trench weave he way between the rear animal , protect himself from the sniper . a shot ring out and spit dust in he face . trench ( whisper in anger ) you bastard ... ext . outer perimeter / burnt out fortress / desert - day . durrance run around the back of the fortress , breathe hard . ext . courtyard / burnt out fortress / desert - day . a second shot spin trench round , graze he in the arm . trench ( his voice rise ) you bastard ! a third shot narrowly miss . trench be up and run now , not wait for the fourth . trench ( shout like a madman as he charge towards the hutment ) you bastard ! you bastard ! you bastard ! ext . outer perimeter / burnt out fortress / desert - day . durrance have a clear view on the sniper 's tower now . from below he can see the man 's rifle edge out , fire , and then withdraw . durrance head quietly towards the tower stair . ext . stair / sniper 's tower / burnt out fortress - day . several of the step be miss from the rickety stairway . durrance climb over they as lightly as he can . up above he can hear the sniper 's rifle ringing out . ext . castelton 's hutment / burnt out fortress / desert - day . castelton fire another round at the sniper 's tower . trench sit on the floor , cursing as he bandage he graze arm . ext . sniper 's tower / burnt out fortress - day . durrance raise he head cautiously . at the tower window he see the dervish sniper fire he rifle . durrance hesitates . he could kill the man easily , but it would mean shoot he in the back . he can not bring himself to do it : durrance Drop it ! the dervish sniper stop still . he turn around slowly and look durrance in the eye . a contemptuous smile flicker across he face . very slowly , he take a bullet from he pocket and slip it in the rifle . he do not even look at durrance . there 's a terrifying , suicidal calm about he . durrance study he enemy , admire he utter contempt for death , and then fire two bullet into he head . ext . tent / the british camp / suakin / sudan - night . bonfire flicker across the british camp . durrance sit outside he tent , bath in firelight , watch some bedu dancers perform for the british troops . he seem far away , as if he 's think about the day 's kill . trench 's bray voice snap he out of he reverie . trench ( show off he wound ) look at this beauty ... trench sit down between durrance , castelton , and willoughby . trench ( playful ) it 's true what they say . you have not live until you have be shot . castelton it 's only a scratch . trench you would not understand . you have not look into the abyss . castelton shut up trench ... durrance join in the laughter but he still seem far away . willoughby ( notice ) be you alright , Jack ? durrance ( smiling ) could not be better . willoughby see the haunt look in he eye , but do not say anything . a seargent-major interrupt . sergeant-major Lieutenant durrance , Colonel Hamilton would like to see you in he tent , sir . trench poor willoughby , they have pass you over . willoughby grab a handful of sand and throw it at trench . durrance get up to see what hamilton want . ext . colonel hamilton 's tent / british camp / suakin - night . colonel hamilton sit at a fold - up table , eat he dinner by candlelight . he turn around as durrance walk in . he wipe he face with he knapkin and gesture for durrance to sit . colonel hamilton ... congratulation , it seem you have another successful day . durrance ( too honest to accept the complement ) we kill one dervish sniper , Sir . colonel hamilton I be give you three week leave . durrance look surprised . durrance I really do not need , or deserve any leave . colonel hamilton you certainly deserve it , every report I receive singles you out for praise . durrance with you permission , I would like to stay here with the rest of the regiment . colonel hamilton permission refuse . durrance be too discipline a soldier to protest . colonel hamilton ... anyway the rest of the regiment be stick here in suakin until the government agree to send we to khartoum ... ( contain he frustration ) you and several other officer will be go to London , to convince parliament , and more importantly public opinion , that it be necessary to pursue this campaign with the utmost vigour . do you have any question ? durrance yes Sir , why I ? hamilton pause . then almost mischievously : colonel hamilton because you be a hero . durrance with all due respect Sir , I do not think we have be fight long enough to have any heroes in this campaign . colonel hamilton that 's my point . it 's all about perception . durrance see there 's no point discuss it further . he salute and turn to leave . colonel hamilton a question Lieutenant ? durrance yes Sir ? colonel hamilton what be it you like about this place ? durrance choose he word carefully . durrance the freedom Sir . the fact that one be reduce to what one really be . colonel hamilton smile softly , wonder if durrance be insulting he , not give a damn . ext . desert between egypt and sudan - day . a searing white sun hang over the desert . somewhere amidst the roll dune and float dust we see a caravan of camel , wind its way through the plateau . ext . caravan / desert between egypt and sudan - day . harry ride at the front of the caravan with gustave , a sun blacken french slave-driver . behind they ride saadi , he dinka assistant , and three beautiful dinka slavegirls . gustave ... the british soldier rent my girl off I for three dhirram a hour . well worth the trip to suakin . harry smile distractedly . his eye be fix on the majestic landscape before he , mile and mile of roll desert . gustave ( recognise the first time awe one feel for the desert ) do not fall in love too quickly . nothing turn on you like the sand . he look back at the dinka slavegirls , who be whisper amongst themselves . gustave shut up !!... ( to saadi ) keep they quiet ! what do I pay you for ?! saadi say something to the slavegirls in they native dinka tongue . from the deference in he voice it 's clear the woman be from a higher caste than he . ext . desert between egypt and sudan - day . a breeze blow sand - drift across the desert floor . as a veil of dust clear , harry see the bone of a camel , form a perfect skeleton on the floor . gustave Bones be a good sign . we must be near a well . ext . well / desert between egypt and sudan - day . the skeleton lie thick around the well : six or seven man in bedu robe , sprawle within yard of the precious water . gustave ( as Harry stare at the bone ) what else be there to fight for in a desert . at least it make sense of war . saadi hoist some water up in a goatskin canteen . he offer the canteen to gustave . the french slave - driver be about to take a drink when he hear one of the dinka slavegirls murmure in she native tongue . he wheel he camel around angrily . gustave ( to saadi ) what do she say ? before saadi can make a excuse for she , the dinka slavegirl start cursing in she native tongue , she eye fix on gustave . gustave lash out with he whip . the slavegirl 's camel rear , throw she to the floor . gustave ride towards she , raise he whip , ready to beat she . harry 's camel suddenly lurch between they . at first it look like he 's lose control of the animal , but as he steady he mount , it become clear he 's put himself in gustave 's way . gustave sneer . with inch perfect skill , he start to circle harry , try to get a clear view of the girl . with equal skill , harry twist he own camel round , keep she block from he at every turn . gustave grow impatient . he raise he whip , threaten Harry . harry do not flinch . his eye be fix on gustave the whole time . finally gustave back down , intimidate by the mysterious stranger . he stare at harry , half in anger , half in admiration . gustave you ride well . with that he ride he camel back to the well . the dinka slavegirl do not look at harry . she 's too proud to acknowledge he help . int . cave / desert between egypt and sudan - night . a howling sandstorm blow outside the cave . the camel screech in the night , terrify by the wind . saadi and the dinka girl shelter in the furthest corner of the cave . harry and gustave sit by a flicker fire . gustave ... what 's you secret ? anyone who talk as little as you do must be hide something ? do you kill a man ? harry prod the fire , ignore he . gustave turn around as he hear saadi and one of the dinka girl whisper . gustave taiser vouz ! silence . gustave turn back to harry , look pleased with himself . gustave you have to break they . for they own good . they will only be happy again when they forget what it 's like to be free . ( he look at Harry mischievously ) it 's like a man who 's be throw over by a woman . at first he 's defiant , then he 's determine , but finally he long to forget . harry get up and walk to the other side of the cave . he hear gustave chuckle behind he . gustave ... any secret you have , the desert will find you out . ext . pass / cliff / desert between egypt and sudan - night . a scream gale howl through the desert pass . int . cave / desert between egypt and sudan - night . it be not the storm that wake harry up , but the sound of whisper . gustave be snore by the fire . harry look past he . he see saadi and the dinka slavegirl he rescue earlier , lie in each other 's arm , make love as quietly as they can . harry can not help stare . they act seem to represent the ultimate defiance , he ultimate affirmation of they freedom . he feel a spark of hope in they hope . saadi and the dinka slavegirl finally come to rest in each other 's arm . harry listen as they continue to whisper in they native tongue . he 's about to close he eye when suddenly the dinka slavegirl get up . harry watch curiously as she walk across the cave . she pick something off the floor . as she walk towards gustave harry suddenly see that it 's a sharp jag rock . before harry can say anything the girl fall to she knee and bury the rock deep into gustave 's face . almost simultaneously harry feel a sharp crack on the back of he head . he roll away instinctively , but to no avail . the blow rain down . as he try to protect he face , harry see saadi , hold a thick wooden club over he . the club hammer down , split Harry 's finger , tear into he face , knock any resistance out of he . as he stare up listlessly , harry see saadi stand over he , ready to finish he off . suddenly a voice ring out , a woman 's voice , call saadi off . harry 's eye drift away . int . army / navy club - london - day . we see ethne 's face now , stare out . for a moment we think she 's part of Harry 's dream , but then the familiar noise of reality fade in , and we realise she 's amongst a crowd of officer and journalist , listen to durrance lecture about the Sudan : durrance ( aware she 's in the audience ) ... each moment we delay , we imperil General Gordon 's life . the mahdi be concentrate all he force on khartoum . at most the garrison can hold out for a few more week ... ext . army / navy club - london - day . durrance stand at the club entrance with ethne and she friend , caroline adair . ethne ... caroline read about you lecture in the Times . we be both very proud of you . durrance I be glad you come . durrance try not to stare at ethne too hard . caroline ... we have to be somewhere this afternoon , but if you be free this evening Lieutenant durrance ... durrance I be afraid I have to give another talk . ethne ( suddenly ) would you mind if I do not come with you caroline ? I do not know the gilby 's all that well ... caroline hesitates . we see the reluctance in she eye , but she 's far too dignify to show it . caroline you can do whatever you like , darling . ext . london / STREET - day . durrance and ethne walk along a crowded street . pass women glance admiringly at durrance in he uniform . ethne that 's six I have count . durrance six what ? ethne six marry woman , gaw at you . durrance smile shyly , wonder if she 's flirt with he . int . tea shop / london - day . a tinkle of china and cutlery . ethne and durrance sit in a tea shop . ethne can not help send up the place . she dab she lip with she napkin , pretend to be all prim and proper . durrance do you want to go somewhere else ? ethne no , it 's lovely here . I be teasing . durrance look out of place in the surroundings , and nervous around ethne . ethne ( try to put he at ease ) I want to hear all about the desert ? she lean towards he , like a child wait to hear a tale . durrance be not sure if she 's aware of the effect on he . durrance it grow on you . there 's something about all that emptiness that concentrate the mind . ethne ( look into he eye ) on what ? durrance ( he hesitates ) you spend a lot of time think about the people you miss -- especially at night -- you have the most vivid dream , it 's hard to believe they be not real ... he stop as he see the sadness in she eye , remind of the barrier between they . durrance have you hear from Harry ? ethne ( a beat ) no . have you ? durrance I go to see General feversham . he refuse to discuss it with I . ethne I know they have a fall out . she try to sound casual , but durrance feel how much the think of Harry still pain she . durrance ( test she , almost in spite of himself ) he 's one of the people I think about all the time . ethne ( very deliberately ) I do not as much as I use to . ( look up at durrance ) I certainly be not until you bring he up . there 's a touch of reproach in she eye , but also something flirtatious . it 's as if she 's force herself to put durrance above Harry in she thought . ethne when do you go back ? durrance Friday . ethne so soon ? durrance be not sure how to read she disappointment . he feel conflict about Harry , but he can not help be draw to she . durrance ( awkwardly ) be you sure I can not persuade you to stay in London a few more day ? listen to more of my boring lecture ... ethne I think the talk be fascinating . durrance ( steeling himself ) I really would like to see you again before I leave . there 's something touch about durrance 's shyness : a contradiction between the fearless warrior and the tentative lover . ethne feel tear , but she will herself on : ethne ( lightly , but acknowledge he invitation nevertheless ) you could always visit we in bintree . she feel she eye drift away from he , but she force herself to look back , and hold he gaze . int . cave / desert between egypt and sudan - day . harry open he eye painfully . his face be still batter and swollen from saadi 's beat . as he pick himself up he see gustave 's body , lie exactly where the dinka slavegirl kill he , the jag rock still embed in he face . harry look away as he hear a camel whinnying outside . ext . cave / desert between egypt and sudan - day . the camel be tie by some rope to a jutting rock , a goatskin canteen sling over its back . harry realise the dinka girl he rescue have leave they for he . he look over the horizon . there 's no sign of the dinkas , only the vast desert waste . ext . dune / desert between egypt and sudan - day . harry urge he camel up the steep slope of a crescent dune . his batter face be burnt raw by the sun , he skin cover in blister . he look out hopefully as he camel finally conquer the sandy peak , but all he see in its place be mile and mile of roll dune . ext . water trough / desert between egypt and sudan - day . Harry 's camel nose its way into a shallow water trough . harry almost drop off the animal in he haste to drink . he dig he hand into the mud and cup some of the precious liquid in he palm . it 's only after he 's drunk that he realise there be dozen of tics , stick to he arm , and face . ext . desert between egypt and sudan - night . harry shiver in the cold night air , partly from the wind , but also from the fever he 's catch off the tics . hand tremble , he burn the blood gorge insect off he arm with a glow stick from the camp -fire . ext . shingles / desert between egypt and sudan - day . harry 's camel rear as it tread over the searing shingles . he topple off . eye half shut , he grab the rein , make sure the camel do not run off . he take a knife from he pocket . harry ... I be sorry , I be sorry ... he cut a slash in the camel 's hide and put he mouth to it . he suck up what little blood he can , and roll the liquid around he mouth . ext . desert between egypt and sudan - night . harry talk to himself in the dark . his face be all puffed up with fever , he hair chalk with dust . above he the star glimmer , promise another day of relentless sun . ext . desert hill / desert between egypt and sudan - day . harry lie unconscious on the camel 's back , roped to the animal . the camel nose it 's way through the desert floor , come across a few shrub . it tear they out of the earth , and start up the hill , in search of more nourishment . harry slide precariously down the camel 's back . only the rope hold he tight . as the camel finally reach the top we see a vast plateau open up before we . the earth be still desert brown , but there be patch of green now -- and somewhere in the distance , the sky be blacken with rain . ext . street of suakin / sudan - night . a torrential downpour flood the narrow street of suakin . a group of excited beggar boy lead harry and he camel through the rain sweep alleyway . ext . local HOTEL / suakin / sudan - night . harry lie shiver on a bunk bed , overwhelm by fever . a arab doctor treat he ravage skin with balm . behind they the beggar boy argue with the arab hotelier , demand more money for bring the foreigner here . arab doctor English ? harry shake he head no . ext . marketplace / street of suakin / sudan - day . sunlight dry out the previous night 's storm . harry wander through the marketplace , wear long bedu robe now , limping from he desert ordeal . passersby pull away as they see he face , mistake the open blister for leprosy . ext . riverbank near the british camp / suakin / sudan - day . a crocodile rear out of the water and tear a lump of meat off a hook . it disappear back under the surface , avoid the trap . there 's a cry of disappointment from the riverbank . a group of local child be try to catch the beast . trench be they leader . castelton smile at he friend 's antic . trench ... do not give up lad . give the old porker another whack . the boy have tie a pig to a stake , outside the water . they beat it with a paddle until it whine . hear the noise , the crocodile rear its head , and sweep towards the remain lump of meat on the hook . trench and the boy swarm around the river expectantly . in they excitement they fail to notice the shroud figure watch they from the distance . it 's harry , hide beneath he bedu robe . he gaze at he two friend longingly . finally one of the boy see he , and think he 's a leper , start throw stone : sudanese boy imshi , imshi . the other boy join in , yell insult . trench and castelton pay no attention . they have no idea who it be . harry step back slowly , the pebble landing at he foot , still gaze at he friend . he know he do not have the courage to face they yet , that it 's too soon . int . hamilton 's tent / british camp / suakin / sudan - night . Colonel Hamilton 's tent be light in torchlight . dozen of officer mill about , celebrate they order to march on khartoum . a major from another regiment ... it 's hard to imagine anyone change the Prime Minister 's mind . colonel hamilton even he read the papers . they tell he if he do not send we to khartoum he would be indicted for murder ... there 's laughter all around . across the tent , durrance stand on he own , feel out of place . willoughby arrive with two drink . willoughby you be quite the hero tonight . durrance the Colonel seem to be take a fair bit of credit . they smile as they watch colonel hamilton hold forth . willoughby so you have a good time in London ? durrance better than I think . willoughby ( try to make it sound casual ) do you look up Harry ? durrance ( hesitate ) nobody know where he be . willoughby not even ethne ? durrance ( a little put out ) why should she ? she 's break off they engagement . willoughby notice the edge in he voice but do not say anything . durrance feel a touch of guilt , surprised by he own jealous reaction . int . harry 's room / local HOTEL / suakin / sudan - night . harry study he face in the mirror : he blister have dry into tough leathery skin , he eye be hollow from recent hardship . he whisper to himself in break Arabic , and dip he finger into a dark , mud like substance . he apply it to he hair , he beard , and he tooth . ext . coolies / british camp / suakin - day . Long line of desert african have gather outside the british camp , look for work as cooly . there be nuer , dinkas , somalis , ethiopian , all of they wear different clothes , and speak different language . somewhere amongst they , we see harry , disguise in he bedu robe . he 's be examine by a british seargent-major and a egyptian orderly . british seargent-major tell he to remove he shirt . harry wait for the orderly to translate before he open he robe . his body be lean and tan and scar . british seargent-major ( impress by he physique ) this one 's be in the war . let I see he tooth . again harry wait for the Arabic translation before he open he mouth . british seargent-major good bone . put he on the boat . harry be ushere off . as he walk away he hear a argument start up behind he . the egyptian orderly be protest to the seargent major about hire a fierce look nubian warrior . egyptian orderly ... this man come from a race of slave . they have blood feud with everyone . if you arm he it will mean trouble . none of the egyptian soldier will serve with he . the nubian stare ahead in silence , expressionless . british officer alright , put he on the boat . the nubian fall into line , behind harry . ext . drill area / british camp / suakin - day . willoughby bark order at the egyptian reserve , drilling they before departure . durrance , trench , and castelton walk out of they tent , imitate he . ext . coolies / british camp / suakin - day . harry watch he friend from afar . he sit amongst the coolies , hold out he soup bowl , wait to be feed . the nubian squat opposite he . harry can not help stare at the long white ostrich feather in he hair . the egyptian orderly arrive and pour a rancid look gruel in harry 's bowl . he turn to the nubian . egyptian orderly ( in Arabic ) be this good enough for you slave ? the nubian ignore he . the orderly spit in the gruel before hand it to he . the nubian take it , and calmly downs it in one . the orderly move on in disgust . the nubian look at harry . harry brace himself and swallow the stew . ext . cataract of the nile / sudan - day . a heavy current rush through the water of the Nile . the cataract be full of treachorous rock , jutting out in all shape and size . harry be force - march with the other coolies , prodd on by the egyptian overseer . they drag the british supply boat through the cataract by hand , pull on huge hemp rope . in front of harry , the nubian be be single out for punishment . the egyptian orderly lash he repeatedly . the nubian keep pull , ignore the sting pain . he look back at the orderly as if to say ; " be that all you have get ? " ext . supply boat / cataract of the nile / sudan - day . a supply boat rush down a steep incline in the river . trench yell at the top of he voice as the spray hit he face . castelton stand beside he , stare at the bank of the Nile , watch the hundred of coolies , drag they boat through the cataract . ext . coolie camp / cataract of the nile / sudan - night . drum beat fill the night sky . the reflection of the cooly ' camp - fire glisten over the black water . some be sing , other praying , but most lie fast asleep . harry sit on he own , warming himself by a fire , he body wrack with pain . as he reflect he hear the gentle tread of foot . he look up to see the nubian stare at he . the man squat down beside he campfire without ask . nubian ( abou fatma ) ( in English ) my name be abou fatma . harry ( shake he head as if he do not understand ) bedu . abou fatma I be a scout for General hick . harry arabi -- abu fatma suddenly launch into a flurry of fluent Arabic . harry stare at he in silence , unable to respond . abou fatma there be many in this camp who would serve the mahdi . when they find out there be a british spy amongst they , watch they , they will kill he . ( quietly mock ) it will not be long , bedu . he turn to leave . harry hesitates , then : harry shoukran . abou fatma ( correct he Arabic ) shoukhran . they eye stay on each other a moment . harry ( finally speak in English ) why do you warn I ? abou fatma for money . harry I can not pay you . abou fatma I can not help you . harry smile . he gaze at the mercenary 's powerful feature , and the long white feather in he hair . harr y what 's the feather for ? abou fatma the first time I kill a man . ( point to a feather earring in he leave ear ) five man . ( and a ivory bracelet on he wrist ) ten man . ( he take a bead necklace out of he pocket ) this I will wear soon . I be a good soldier . I will protect you . harry stare at he a moment , then take out a small box from he pocket . he show abou fatma the four white feather inside . abou fatma look at they , unaware of the irony in Harry 's gesture , think he 's say he do not need help . abou fatma ( gesture to the welt on Harry 's body ) underneath the flesh be white , and weak . even if the mahdi 's man do not find you out , the whip will . harry I will pay you one shilling a day . abou fatma no . abou fatma get up , and walk away . harry can not help smile as he stare after he . ext . coolie camp / cataract of the nile / sudan - day . scream of agony fill the air . the egyptian orderly lie in a pool of blood , he belly slice open , hold he gut in he hand . harry stand amongst the gather crowd , watch horrify , as a british officer kneel beside the die man . british officer who do this to you ? who do this ? the egyptian orderly try to speak , but all that come out of he mouth be a froth of blood . his tongue have be cut out . harry look around the crowd until he see abou fatma . the nubian 's eye be expressionless . around he neck he wear the bead necklace now . ext . cataract of the nile / sudan - day . the white sail of the british supply boat float through the hazy water . on the riverbank harry and the hundred of other coolies drag they along . the overseer glance at abou fatma warily , but none of they dare raise a whip to he now . int . durrance 's tent / british camp / cataract - day . we can still hear the noise of the cooly outside . durrance sit at a table , write a letter . we glimpse the word : ' dearest ethne ... ' he stop as he hear a commotion outside . ext . british camp / cataract - day . durrance walk out of the tent . in the distance he see a handful of rag look british officer be help off they camel . as he stare more closely durrance notice that many of they have terrible wound . that that can still walk be lead off to the commander 's tent . ext . general wolsey 's tent / british camp / cataract - day . general wolsey and colonel hamilton be bent over a map of the Nile , discuss they progress with they aide -de-camps . willoughby look up as he hear the wounded officer be lead into the tent . he stop as he see the terrible state they be in . even wolsey and hamilton look shocked . general wolseley ( slowly rise , salute ) what be it ? wounded captain a letter , sir ... from General Gordon . willoughby notice one of the wounded officer have tear in he eye . general wolseley what happen to you ? wounded captain we be ambush , Sir . more than half we company be kill . general wolseley see that this man be tend to . aide-de-camp yes , sir . the wounded officer be lead out . willoughby , like all the other aide-de - camp , look daze . general wolsey open General Gordon 's letter , and read in silence . general wolseley ( finally look up at Colonel Hamilton ) Gordon say he can only hold out for forty more day . it take eleven for this man to get here . ext . british camp / cataract - night . durrance , willoughby , castelton , and trench sit around a camp fire , try to ignore the hideous cry of the wounded british soldier come from the hospital tent . willoughby ( recounting what he 's hear ) ... wolsey 's go to split the force . a River column 's go to continue down the Nile , whilst a Desert column join up with regiment at abou clea , and make a dash for khartoum . the pierce scream start up again . trench do not tell I , we have draw the short straw . ext . british camp / cataract - day . silence hang over the british camp . the coolies be line up under the scorching sun . the egyptian overseer walk past they , select some for the desert march , other for the river march . harry stand next to abou fatma . across the camp he can see durrance , trench , castelton , and willoughby , prepare they camel for the overland trek . harry ( whisper to abou fatma ) I need to travel with the desert detachment . abou fatma two shilling . harry nod . the egyptian overseer finally reach they . egyptian overseer ( to abou fatma , in Arabic ) we will keep you on the river . abou fatma ( a calm , menace look in he eye ) with you ? the egyptian overseer hesitates , remember what happen to he friend : egyptian overseer ( gesture to the desert column instead ) over there . harry fall into line behind abou fatma . the egyptian overseer do not seem to care . he 's too relieved to be rid of the nubian . ext . desert column / british camp / cataract - day . the Desert column have assemble , fourteen hundred strong . sergeant at arm column ... for-ward ... march ! durrance , trench , castelton , and willoughby , ride off at the head of the column . behind they , the coolies carry heavy load , harry and abou fatma bring up the rear . ext . desert lanscape / sudan - day . a region of jutting cliff and giant rock formation . the Desert column ride through a narrow pass . durrance 's eye be fix on the ridge above they , any one of which could be hide a dervish sniper or scout . at the back of the column , harry 's equally alert . he look across the cliff wall . suddenly he notice one of the coolies in front of he , listen intently to a high pitch whine come from a nearby gorge . harry study the man . he 's a powerfully build nuer tribesman , yellow streak run down he long black hair . every time he hear the distinctive noise , he look up , concentrate . harry edge closer to abou fatma : harry ( indicating the whining ) do you recognise that sound ? abou fatma Mountain goat . harry do not look convinced . he stare at the nuer tribesman , walk ahead of they , glance up from he heavy load every time he hear the distinctive cry . ext . OPEN desert / sudan - day . the wind blow gust of sand into the camel ' eye . durrance stare through the shimmer heatwave . durrance there 's a sandstorm come . colonel hamilton look at the clear blue sky , see nothing to indicate a storm , but trust durrance 's instinct . ext . desert camp - night . harry and the other coolies gather stick and desert shrub , building a makeshift wall around the camp . the wind have pick up , blow thick gust of sand in they face . as they work in the darkness and the dust , harry hear the whining sound he hear earlier . it 's quieter now , but closer . abou fatma hear it too . harry it 's come from inside the camp . they look around , but the dust obscure everything . the whining start up again . harry concentrate until he think he know where it 's come from . he check to make sure the orderlies be not watch they , and then signal for abou fatma to follow he . ext . edge of the desert camp - night . through the drift cloud of sand we see a figure crouching near the camp perimeter . it 's the nuer tribesman Harry notice earlier . every time the wind pick up he call out to the surround cliff in a high piched whine . harry and abou fatma watch he from behind a wagon . abou fatma draw a knife from he boot . harry we need to find out who he 's signal . abou fatma replace the knife reluctantly , and point to a makeshift corrall where the camel be gather . int . tent / desert camp - night . the tent flap blow in the storm . trench , castelton , and willoughby shelter inside , share a bottle of whisky . durrance sit apart from the other , read a letter . trench be that the same letter you read over and over again , or do you get a different one each day ? durrance ( he can not help a smile ) it 's the same one , but it 's twenty page long . willoughby he write they to himself . go on Jack , read we a line . durrance read you own . trench do not be so coy , you be amongst friend . grin all around . durrance look at letter and tempt they with a single line : durrance " ... I often think about we walk by the river ... " he stop enigmatically to a chorus of protest : trench more , more ... durrance hesitates , reluctant to break the confidence of a letter , but anxious to broach the subject with he friend . durrance ( reading more quietly ) " ... you letter surprised and delighted I ... if I appear indecisive it 's because I be think of both of we ... in the meantime I hope the length of my reply give you some assurance of how very much I care about you ... " durrance lower the letter and look at he friend . trench so who 's the lucky lady ? durrance ( after a moment ) ethne ... I have ask she to marry I ... you probably gather that from the letter . there 's a long silence . astonishment . then suddenly trench raise he glass and roar . trench congratulation . willoughby that 's fantastic Jack . durrance she have not say yes . trench of course she will : " I hope the length of this reply give you some idea of how much I bloody love you . " durrance " how much I care about you . " trench same thing . trench fill he glass to the brim . durrance laugh , relieved that he friend have take it so well . it 's only as he drink that he catch a hint of disapproval in castelton 's eye . castelton raise he glass , try to hide he feeling , but durrance see through he . the moment be interrupt by loud shouting outside : british corporal o/ ... something 's up with the camel . castelton I will go . castelton look relieved to leave the tent , worried that he conflict emotion will betray he . durrance stare after he , not entirely free of the memory of Harry himself . ext . desert camp - night . castelton follow the corporal through the windswept camp . up ahead they can hear the camel screeching . castelton cover he eye from the dust . suddenly he see the silhouettes of two rider , charge out of the corral . one of they stop and stare at he momentarily . castelton ( he can not see the man 's face clearly , but he outline seem hauntingly familiar ) Harry ? the rider turn and charge out of the camp . the corporal blow a whistle , reach for he gun , fire after they . castelton stare at the disappear figure , wonder if what he see be real , or a figment of he troubled conscience . ext . hill above the desert camp - night . harry and abou fatma ride up a steep hill , shot ringing out behind they . ext . ridge above the desert camp - night . as the sand sweep past we see the mahdi 's scout for the first time : four nuer tribesmen , stand on a ridge , look down on the british campfire below . as they hear the shot , they turn away from the cliffside , and mount they camel . ext . view from a cliff / desert - day . the sand storm be still blow , obscure the sun . in the distance , the tiny figure of the nuer scout , can be see riding across the arid sandscape . harry and abou fatma watch they from the cliff , and set off in pursuit . ext . ridge / view on nuer 's campfire / desert - night . the nuer 's camp - fire glow far below on the valley floor . harry and abou fatma have build they own fire in a crevice on the cliff wall , hide from view . harry 's eye be fix on the nuer scout , abou fatma 's be fix on he . abou fatma why would a british spy be hide from he own people ? harry look up at the nubian , realise he can not keep up the pretence any longer . harry because I be not a spy . abou fatma you be a deserter ? harry ( a long pause ) something like that . I be send to fight , and I run away . abou fatma consider this for a moment . abou fatma all soldier run away . only the good one return . harry smile . harry shoukran . abou fatma shoukhran . harry look away . down below the nuer 's camp fire go out . ext . OPEN desert - night . the moonlight color the dune in blue and green . harry and abou fatma follow the nuer ' track through the virgin sand . ext . crest of a hill / OPEN desert - day . the sunrise cast a blood red light over the horizon . the four nuer scout appear on the crest of a hill . we see they clearly now , they long black hair streak yellow , they face paint ghostly white . they survey the land beneath they and gallop off . ext . the same hill / desert - day . abou fatma and harry walk they camel quietly up the hill , follow the nuer ' hoofprint . as they reach the top of the dune a vast plateau open up beneath they . they see the nuer scout , riding along a wind trade route . at the end of the desert road stand a huge fortress . abou fatma that be abou clea . a british fort . harry stare after the nuer scout , wonder why they be head back into a british stronghold . the four rider merge into one of the caravan that dot the landscape . ext . caravan / trade route to abou clea - day . a long line of dinka refugees walk alongside one of caravan , begging for food . harry and abou fatma ride near the back , they face hide by they djellabas . ext . fortress of abou clea - night . a village of tent have spread around the fortress wall . more starve refugees clamour at the gate . harry gaze up at the garrison wall . british sentries can be glimpse high up . the fortress gate creak open to let the caravan through . harry lower he eye as he ride past the guard . ext . courtyard / fortress of abou clea - night . as he look up again , harry suddenly feel a rush of panic . the fortress courtyard be fill with dervish warrior . there be no british face anywhere . harry glimpsis a familiar red uniform , but as he stare more closely , he relief turn to horror . the british uniform be stain with blood . wearing it be a fierce look dervish warrior with long braid hair . harry look back at the rampart . all the soldier he think be british sentries be in fact dervish warrior , wear the bloody uniform of they victim . as he turn around , harry see the worst sight of all . hanging from scaffold , be the chalk white body of the real british soldier . harry be shake out of he horror by a sharp hiss sound . abou fatma glare at he to keep calm . dervish warrior grab hold of they camel , and lead they with the rest of the caravan towards the stable . int . stable / fortress of abou clea - night . harry and abou fatma tether they camel . behind they the dervish warrior unload the caravan 's shipment of rifle . abou fatma ( whisper to Harry ) follow I out . harry nod , still in shock . abou fatma turn around and head out of the stable , unchallenge . ext . courtyard / fortress of abou clea - night . harry follow abou fatma through the crowded courtyard . his eye be draw to the torchlit face all around he . the mahdi 's army be make up of dozen of different tribe : some in glow war paint , other mark with ritual scar , wear the dry viscera of they victim around they neck . the dervish ' eye seem to follow harry wherever he go , stare out at he through they slit djellabas . suddenly harry feel a pair of hand grab he . he wheel around to see a huge dervish captain tower over he . dervish captain ( in Arabic , study Harry 's feature ) come with I . abou fatma ( in Arabic ) we caravan be wait outside . dervish captain ( waving abou fatma away ) imshi! abou fatma murmur something to harry in he native nubian tongue , slip in the English word : ' I will find you . ' dervish captain ( to Harry , in Arabic ) follow I ! ext . gallow / courtyard / fortress of abou clea - night . harry 's heart be pound as he walk back through the hellish courtyard . he be not sure if the dervish captain have realise he 's british . it 's only as he point harry towards the gallow that he realise the predicament he 's in . dervish captain ( in Arabic ; gesture to a mound of british dead ) over there . harry hesitates , then walk over to the pile of british corpse , convinced he 's go to be shot amongst they . dervish captain ( in Arabic ; gesture to the uniform ) find one that fit . harry stare at he , then slowly begin to understand . he 's be pick out as a pale look arab , one that might pass as a british officer from a distance . as he look around he see other desert arab , grin at he , wear they own blood stain british uniform . harry kneel beside the slaughter british soldier . one of they still have he pipe stuff between he tooth . as harry stare at the obscenity , he fear slowly turn to anger . with tremble finger he unbutton the dead man 's jacket . as he slip the bloodstain british uniform over he shoulder we begin to see the change in he eye . ext . abou fatma / courtyard / fortress of abou clea - night . abou fatma wander amongst the dervish army , begging for alm , search for Harry . finally he spot he at the far end of the courtyard , sit amongst the other dervish warrior in british uniform . ext . harry / courtyard / fortress of abou clea - night . abou fatma grovel at the foot of the dervish , before he approach harry . abou fatma ( in Arabic ) alm for the poor . harry turn around . his eye be distant . he look back at the spot he be stare at before . at first abou fatma think he 's in shock , but then he see what harry 's look at . across the courtyard stand a large tent , surround by flag . wait outside , be the four nuer scout . abou fatma ( beginning to see he intent ) we have to leave . harry wait for I at the gate . ( as abou fatma start to protest ) imshi. the other dervish look at abou fatma threateningly . abou fatma get up and walk away reluctantly . across the courtyard , the nuer spie have be ushere into the tent . int . war council tent / fortress of abou clea - night . the mahdi , a tall , gaunt , warrior in desert robe , listen to the nuer scout in silence . as they notify he of the british advance , he start to draw a battle plan on the tent 's sandy floor . his lieutenant move closer to see what he 's plan . int . war council tent / fortress of abou clea - night . outside the tent more dervish warrior have gather to catch a glimpse of they revere leader . harry be amongst they . he stare at the white clad figure within . suddenly he feel a pair of eye on he . he turn to see the dervish captain who stop he earlier , watch he intently . harry move off . the dervish captain stare after he suspiciously . ext . gate / fortress of abou clea - night . abou fatma wait anxiously outside the fortress gate . the horde of starve beggar be push back as a troop of dervish warrior ride out , carry the naked body of the british dead . abou fatma stare after they , wonder what 's go on . ext . harry / courtyard / fortress of abou clea - night . harry look behind he . through the milling crowd he see the dervish captain , still follow he . his heart pound , harry head towards the stable , try to give he the slip . ext . harry / stable / fortress of abou clea - night . camel kick and snort in the stable . harry crouch down . through the animal ' leg he see the dervish captain enter . suddenly the dervish captain shout at the top of he voice . the camel scatter , leave harry expose . the dervish captain stare at he menacingly . harry bow , and start to walk towards he , in supplication . his hand slip behind he back , grop for the knife that 's hide there . the dervish captain bark at he to stay where he be . as he step backwards , harry suddenly charge , and drive the dagger deep into he gut . the dervish captain scream , but all that come out be a terrible hiss sound . harry clamp he hand over the captain 's mouth and bend he head backwards . as they tumble to the ground , harry twist the knife in deeper . the dervish bite down in agony , draw a stream of blood from Harry 's knuckle . harry ram he fist deeper into the man 's throat , choke he slowly . meanwhile he knife hand tear its way out of the dervish 's gut , and plunge back into he thigh . the captain 's eye water in pain and fear . harry stare at he , crush he spirit with he own unflinch gaze . as he feel the man 's grip weaken , he pull away sharply , and swing the knife down with all he force . the blade stick in the dervish captain 's chest , send he eye spin out of focus , force a rush of blood out of he mouth . harry watch in horror , as the man' eye roll around , desperately try to find they focus , then stop still . he feel he enemy 's die breath on he face , and hear a horrible suck sound , as he withdraw the knife . harry 's arm be elbow deep in gore . he turn away and try to retch , but nothing come out . he stay like that for a moment , bent over the bloody sand , contemplate what he 's just do . finally he gather himself , grab the dead man by the ankle , and drag he further into the stable . ext . courtyard / fortress of abou clea - night . harry brushes past the crowd of dervish warrior , he eye fix on the fortress gate ahead . he 's only a few yard away , when a dervish sentry call out : dervish sentry ( in Arabic ) the gate be close . harry stare at he dangerously . for a instant it look like another fight may ensue , but then a calming voice call out : abou fatma ( in Arabic ) let he give we alm . it will bring you both fortune in battle . abou fatma stick he hand through the fortress gate , along with the hundred of other beggar outside . harry begin to understand . he pull out some coin from he robe , and approach the beggar . harry ( whisper to abou fatma , as he hand out alm ) go to the british camp . tell they they be go to be ambush . tell they they have to change they route . it 's a trap ... abou fatma stare into harry 's eye , see the change that 's come over they . ext . british column / desert valley - day . durrance ride at the front of the column . he suddenly stop , and stare ahead in horror . all across the desert floor he see the marble white body of dead british soldier . Wild dog chew at they remain . the whole of the column seem freeze for a moment . then trench suddenly break rank , and charge the animal , scream at the top of he voice , disperse they with he whip . ext . tent / the slope of a hill / desert valley - day . the column have set up camp until they dead comrade be bury . the officer dig the grave themselves , watch by the coolies now . a corporal approach willoughby and salute . corporal a native to see you , sir . he say he have some intelligence regard the route we be on . abou fatma be push forward by the egyptian soldier . willoughby ( eyeing he suspiciously ) what intelligence ? abou fatma you must leave this area . the egyptian silence he with a slap to the head . egyptian corporal this man be lie . he 's a deserter . he steal the camel -- abou fatma -- I go to Abu klea . the mahdi 's force have capture you garrison . they will attack you in this place . trench and durrance have arrive to see what 's happen . trench stare at abou fatma menacingly , still seethe over the treatment of the british dead . willoughby ( to trench and durrance ) this be they idea of misinformation . ( toying with abou fatma ) who tell you this ? abou fatma a british Officer . willoughby ( mockingly ) a General no doubt . what else do he tell you ? abou fatma ( with equal disdain ) that you would not believe I . willoughby smile at the nubian 's gall , but trench explode at he insolence . trench ( grabbing abou fatma by the neck ) I will show you a british Officer ... ( force he on he knee in front of one of the butcher corpse ) this be a british Officer !... ( rubbing abou fatma 's face into a patch of bloodstain sand ) this be a british officer 's blood . lick it up ! every bloody drop !... the nubian spin around , ready to strike . trench draw he knife , dare he to make a move . abou fatma ( control he anger ) the Muslims bury they dead . even the enemy dead . this body have be leave here for a reason . to keep you here . to hold you up . willoughby ( ignoring he ) take he away . find out why he be send here . do whatever you have to do . the soldier disperse . only durrance stay where he be , think about the nubian 's warning . ext . courtyard / fortress of abou clea - day . a chant of ' Allah akbar ' rise over the fortress wall . hundred of warrior kneel and pray in unison . harry do the same . ext . tent / british camp / desert valley - day . abou fatma be on he knee , manacle to a tent pole . egyptian corporal ( in Arabic ) ... you work for the mahdi ! abou fatma ( in English ) I fight the mahdi ... the egyptian lash he with a bull - whip . egyptian corporal ( in Arabic ) ... who send you ?! abou fatma a british Officer . the egyptian start whipping abou fatma again , ready to kill he . durrance finally intervene . durrance that 's enough ... he kneel down beside abou fatma , stare into he eye . abou fatma see no mercy in he gaze , but at least there 's a glimmer of curiosity . durrance why would you want to help we ? abou fatma the mahdi be ally with slave trader ... ( pause ) my family be take prisoner and sell as slave . durrance consider abou fatma 's answer . there 's something about it that have a ring of truth . durrance glance at the british soldier , digging grave in the open desert , and then stare up at the surround hill . ext . gate / fortress of abou clea - night . through the cloud of dust we see the first of the mahdi 's army riding out -- ghostly dinka warrior , naked from head to foot , cake in white ash . behind then come the nuer , long streak hair trail in the wind , face paint the color of a nightmare . the hadendoa spearmen follow , blood-stain feather in they hair , bang on they calf skin drum . last of all come the dervish rider in there bloodstained british uniform . harry ride at the heart of the demonic troop , he eye fill with dread . ext . british camp / desert valley - day . durrance survey the surround hill . castelton watch he curiously . castelton what be it Jack ? durrance 's eye stare at the horizon , still not sure . ext . hill beyond abou clea - day . at a signal from the mahdi , he army split in two , some follow the green flag , other the black . harry and the dervish rider in british uniform be tell to wait . ext . british camp / desert valley - day . willoughby and trench join castelton and durrance at the edge of the camp . durrance be still stare at the ridge above they . as they listen , they can just make out a distant rumble of thunder . durrance look up . the sky be perfectly blue . durrance we would better get the gatling gun out . ext . hill above the british camp / desert valley - day . nuer scout , daube in yellow camouflage , appear out of the rock . int . castelton 's tent / british camp / desert valley - day . castelton walk into he tent and search through he belonging . he find one of he bible , kiss it for luck , and slip it in he jacket pocket . as he turn around he see trench grin at he . trench you have not get a spare one have you vicar ? ext . slope of a hill / desert - day . through thick gust of sand we see hundred of bare foot and horse ' hoof move up the desert slope . the sand at they foot pour back down the slope like a avalanche . ext . durrance 's Pov / crest of the hill / desert - day . as durrance gaze up , the first of the mahdi 's army appear on the crest of the hill , a handful of scout , riding back and forth , judge the british number . as the scout disappear , a curtain of dust rise up behind they . as it settles , durrance see thousand of figure appear along the length of the hill , they green banner flutter in the wind . ext . british camp / desert valley - day . across the camp , castelton and trench stare mesmerise , as another huge army appear on the opposite hill . this time they banner be black . panicked voice ring out . officer ' voice form a square ... form a square ... ext . crest of the hill / view of the british camp - day . the mahdi 's army stare down from the wind whipped slope , thousand of expressionless face , listen to the british bugle shrilling down below . from above we see the british fight square take shape : red and khaki color separate into unit , the bright blue of the egyptian uniform form a larger wall around the perimeter . ext . british camp / desert valley - day . the grenadier guard be crouch in formation , rifle ready . trench change position , ask one of the other soldier to swap with he , settling down next to castelton . trench you can not get rid of I that easily . castelton 's fear seem to vanish in a instant . ext . GREEN flagged army / crest of the hill - day . a cry of Allah akbar be pick up by thousand all along the ridge , turn into a deafen roar as the Green flagge Army finally charge . ext . british camp / desert valley - day . durrance move along the line of riflemen , bark intruction over the wind . durrance Fire at the horse . Fire at will . a volley of shot answer he call . ext . GREEN flagged army / slope of the hill - day . enemy horse and rider collapse , slide down the slope . ext . desert valley - day . the british camp be shroud in gunsmoke , flash of orange light burst through , the gatling gun wreak havoc . ext . GREEN flagged army / foot of the hill - day . through the sand drift , we see the camel ' hoof rear up , burst of arterial blood as the bullet tear into they hide . the hadendoa spearmen leap over the wall of tear flesh , and charge the british line in a suicidal frenzy . ext . castelton / british camp / desert valley - day . castelton aim at the painted warrior . every time he fire , someone fall . every time he kill , he murmur a prayer . trench bite he lip so hard , he mouth fill with blood . he spit it out as he drop yet another man . ext . black flagged army / foot of the hill - day . the dervish horde keep come , clamber over the body of they dead . ext . harry / entrance to the valley - day . Far away , at the entrance to the valley , harry can hear the scream of the wounded and die . even the dervish warrior seem apprehensive . only the mahdi be calm , wait for he moment . he raise he hand , and signal for the horseman in british uniform to charge . ext . durrance / british camp / desert valley - day . enemy bullet crackle past durrance 's head , but he do not seem to notice . through the smoke and dust he see hundred of enemy dead , lie in blood smear heaps . the dervish onslaught be less sustained now . the occasional straggler appear out of the haze and be blow away by a burst of gunfire . suddenly durrance hear the sound of a bugle . ext . castelton / british camp / desert valley - day . castelton and trench hear the bugle too . they stop fire as they see the remnant of the black flagge army retreate into the hill . there 's a moment confusion and then a roar of celebration around the camp as the soldier see a troop of british cavalry , riding out of the sand cloud towards they . ext . harry / desert valley - day . harry stare in horror as he see the british soldier , break rank , wave at the charge rider , think they be british cavalry . harry kick he horse and try to weave he way out of the charge horde . ext . british camp / desert valley - day . the british soldier gather at the camp perimeter to welcome the approach cavalry . ext . harry / desert valley - day . harry charge through the red uniform dervish rank , ignore order to stay in line . at a signal from one of the dervish lieutenant , the horseman raise they bow . ext . durrance / british camp - day . durrance stare curiously as a flicker of sunlight streak across the head of the distant rider . he watch the approach dust cloud , wonder why it 's come at they so fast . slowly he begin to make out the first figure . something about they be not right . they uniform hang too loosely . they ride too far apart . he reach for he gun . ext . harry / desert valley - day . harry break through the dervish line . behind he he hear the mount archer string they bow . he drive he horse forward , towards a lone british soldier , stand on the camp perimeter . ext . durrance / british camp - day . durrance see the lone rider , charge towards he , yell at the top of he voice . he can not see the man 's face or hear he voice , but he 's convinced this rider be the enemy now . ext . durrance / british camp - day . harry see durrance aim he rifle , a moment too late . the gunshot send he horse spin to the ground . he feel the weight of the animal pin he down . as he look up he see the dervish rider riding over he , let they arrow fly . ext . british camp - day . the sky above flicker with light as the arrow catch the sun . the steel shaft hurtle down , plunging into expose eye and throat . all around he castelton see soldier totter and fall , arrow stick out of they like quill . he pull out he revolver and start fire at the onrush horse . ext . dervish rider / perimeter of british camp - day . the dervish lance skewer the british soldier as they try to run back to they line . some of the dervish rider dismount and finish they off with they dagger , and they bare hand . ext . GREEN flagged army / slope of the hill - day . on the desert slope , the retreate green flagge army wheel around and charge back into the fray . ext . willoughby / british camp - day . willoughby look up , and see the mahdi 's black flagge army , also swarm back towards the british rank . ext . harry / perimeter of british camp - day . harry be still pin . he slit the dead horse 's belly with he knife , and slide he leg under the gore . he get to he foot and run towards the fight , desperate to reach he friend . ext . durrance / british camp - day . duurance yell at the top of he voice : durrance Close the square ! Close the square ! castelton and trench fire at the charge horse . as they fall , the other grenadier take courage , and rush at they rider , bring they down in a volley of gunfire . the soldier clamber over the dead body and link up with the rest of they Square . ext . harry / perimeter of british camp - day . harry can not see the british square reshaping , but he can see its rippling effect all along the dervish line . he cut he way through like a beserker . whatever doubt and fear he civilized self feel he primitive self now reject . he fight like a man possess . ext . grenadier / british square - day . the british line pull back , fire and reloading as it retreat . ext . willoughby / perimeter of british camp - day . willoughby stare in horror at the bloodsh all around he . through the hellish smoke he see abou fatma , still tie to the whipping post , stare at he in silent reproach . ext . grenadier / british square - day . castelton fire into the enemy rank . he 's out of ammunition . trench be retreate with the other grenadier . he see he friend stalling and yell : trench get back ! get behind we ! castelton do not hear he . his parade ground training be take over . he lower the rifle and fix a bayonet on it . ext . harry / amongst the charging dervish - day . through the swarm rank , harry glimpsis castelton , stand alone with he bayonet poise . he call out as well . ext . castelton - day . castelton hear nothing but the pound of he own heart . the dervish warrior swarm towards he . he disembowel the first warrior , then swing he bayonet around to meet the next . the dervish impale himself , right up to he rib cage . castelton try to pull he blade free , but the bayonet be lock in bone now . ext . trench / retreating grenadier / british square - day . trench stare in horror as he realise what 's happen . the noise around he seem to fade as he gaze at castelton , strain as he do in the training ground , try to pull the bayonet free . ext . harry / amongst the charging dervish - day . harry run as fast as he can , trample over the dead soldier and horse that litter the desert floor . ext . castelton / isolated from the square - day . castelton try to loosen the blade , but it 's no use . he look up to see a storm of paint face , rush towards he , spear point at he eye and gut . somewhere amongst the scream horde , he glimpsis a familiar face , call out . a smile flicker across he face . he mouth the word ' Harry ' as the first of the dervish spear sink into he heart . ext . trench / retreating grenadier / british square - day . trench scream in agony as he see castelton disappear . he charge out of the retreate british line , swinging at everything in he way , break skull and shatter bone . he 's only yard away from castelton when a blow to the back of the head send he sprawling . ext . durrance / retreating grenadier / british square - day . durrance charge out of the british square as he see he friend fall , fire round after round into the enemy rank . every time he gun empty , he pick up another from a dead soldier , and keep go . ext . harry / amongst the dervish - day . harry drop to he knee , next to castelton 's body , protect he friend 's corpse from further abuse . ext . trench / amongst the dervish - day . trench stare up at the nightmare face crowd all around he . the butt of a spear crack open he head , reduce everything to a terrifying silence . he feel a sea of hand , reach down , tear he uniform , lift he in the air . ext . durrance / walking toward the dervish - day . durrance charge towards the enemy , fire into they mass rank , oblivious to any danger . one of he gun jam . durrance keep press the trigger . the gun suddenly backfire and blow up in he face . ext . harry / amongst the dervish - day . harry see durrance fall . he get up and run through the enemy rank , pretend to be one of they . he leap on durrance as he try to get up , pin he to the ground , stop he get himself kill . the unsuspecting dervish warrior sweep past they , towards they next victim . harry keep durrance pin , until the enemy horde disappear . only then do he stand up . he look down at he friend . durrance do not seem to recognise he . at first harry think it 's the sunlight blind he , but then he see the powder burn around durrance 's eye . durrance grope around . he start crawl away on he hand and knee . he crawl right into a mud bath of dervish dead . he rear back in horror , and let out a little cry of panic . harry slowly begin to understand . he watch in anguish , as he friend claw at he eye , try to rub the blindness out of they , he whimper of panic turn into howl of agony . int . british hospital ship / alexandria - day . the scream of the wounded british soldier echo all around the hospital ship . captain calder , the regimental surgeon , stand over durrance 's bed . durrance stare out , blindly . captain calder ... you ought to see a specialist once we be back . durrance be it part of you treatment to offer false hope ? captain calder only for some . ( reach in he pocket ) this come for you . he hand over a letter . durrance stick it in he top pocket . durrance I will read it later . ( grinning as he realise calder have not catch the joke ) if you would not mind , Doctor ... he hand the letter back to calder to read for he . captain calder ( glancing over it ) ... " dear James , I hold in my heart all you have write I " ... ( he look up ) I feel a little awkward read this ... durrance do not . there 's something strident in durrance 's voice , a brittleness that hide the insecurity inside . calder continue : calder ... " know you as I do , and convinced as I be of you affection , I wish to go back on my previous fear . I be write now , to let you know how grateful I be to have you in my life -- and to say , with all my heart , how much I wish to be in yours ... with all my love , ethne . " calder , lower the letter , quietly move . captain calder congratulation ... durrance stare out quietly . durrance I know a man once who go blind , a good man too , before ... a year after you would not have recognise he . he be the most selfish , exact , egotistical human be you could ever meet . I would not wish he on anyone ... he smile ironically , hide the heartbreak inside . durrance the one thing I want most in this life , finally come to I when I can no longer accept it . int . drawing room / caroline 's house / outside london - day . ethne stare out of the draw room window , wait . her friend caroline sit at a table , pretend to be absorb in she book , listen just as intently . there 's the jingle of a carriage outside . caroline that 's he . ethne it be not stop . ext . durrance 's carriage / STREET / caroline 's house - day . durrance stare ahead as the carriage pass caroline 's house . durrance ( to the Driver ) drive around once ... describe the entrance to I ... int . drawing room / caroline 's house - day . ethne turn away from the window . caroline maybe you should have go to the station to meet he . ethne he might have think I be go because I imagine he be helpless . I do not want he to feel like that . there 's a quiet resolve in ethne 's voice , as if she 's be mull over she future life with durrance . the doorbell ring . ethne that must be he . caroline get up to answer the door . ethne walk to the window . her movement be nervous , she eye tense . the door finally open . durrance walk in , alone . as soon as ethne leave the window he turn around and look straight at she . ethne ( startle ) it be not true then , you can see ... durrance ( gently ) it 's perfectly true . I can not see a thing . ethne stop , feel guilty . durrance you move from the window , that 's how I know . ethne I hardly make a noise . durrance no , but the window be open . the noise outside grow louder . she try to answer he smile . ethne let I get you some tea , and then we can talk . durrance ( sense she tension ) yes , we have a lot to talk about . ethne 's hand tremble as she pour the tea . durrance interpret every sound . she pick up the cup and walk over with a smile , hold it out for he . durrance I hate to sound humble , but I do not trust myself with a cup of tea yet . ethne feel stupid again . she set the cup down on a table . durrance ( gently ) you be not bound , you know . there 's a pause . ethne know exactly what he mean . ethne bound by what ? durrance I would not dream of hold you to you letter . or a committment you make to a different man . ethne stare at he in surprise , and then in quiet admiration . ethne you be not a different man . durrance I do not say it begrudgingly . I be not be particularly noble or heroic either . it 's something I have think about long and hard -- ethne Jack -- durrance -- please hear I out ... ( with difficulty ) I be think of myself as much as you . I have to learn to accept what 's happen . I have to learn to respect the person I have become . the only way to do that be to start again . ethne why do it have to be without I ? her word make he hesitate . durrance because if I be with you , I would spend every moment wonder how you really feel about I . ethne if you do not know how I feel about you , then that 's a good reason to call off we wedding . you blindness be not . she stare at he , determine . durrance look touch by she devotion , but still do not feel worthy of she love . durrance it have to be more than mere obligation ethne , or even friendship . it have to be more than that ... ethne suddenly reach out and touch he face . durrance stop as he feel she finger . he 's lose for a moment , unsure of himself . ethne lean forward and kiss he , tenderly at first , but then more and more passionately , prove herself to he , prove herself to herself . durrance kiss she back , close to tear . ext . patio / caroline 's house - day . a sharp clatter of hoof . durrance ride he horse with the help of a GROOM , he face fix in concentration . ethne and caroline watch he from the patio . ethne ( gazing at he proudly ) he seem to need he eye less and less each day . it 's incredible . nothing escape he . sometimes I think he read I like a book . caroline you no longer have you face to screen you thought . ethne do not notice the edge in she voice . she 's lose in she own thought . durrance climb off he horse and stride towards they , look pleased with himself . durrance ( wrapping ethne in he arm ) you smell wonderful . ethne and you smell like a horse . go wash . ethne keep smile , even after durrance have go . caroline watch she friend quietly , fight the jealousy she feel within . a voice interrupt they separate thought : gardener o/ ( Calling out ) ... someone to see you miss eustace . ethne look up to see a uniformed officer , stand with the gardener , by the maze . she get up curiously . ext . garden / maze / caroline 's house - day . as ethne approach the soldier she suddenly stop , recognise he . it 's willoughby . willoughby I go all the way to bintree to find you . you father tell I you be here . I be sorry I come unannounced , I need to talk to you alone ... ethne do not reply or return he smile . willoughby seem to read she thought . willoughby I understand how you feel , ethne . all I can say be that we never set out to hurt you . what happen be between we and Harry , not the two of you . ethne ( coldly ) what do you want , Tom ? willoughby hesitates , brace himself . willoughby ... I have see Harry . in suakin . he ask I to give you this ... he hold out two soiled white feather . ethne stare at they , unable to speak , she whole world turn upside down . willoughby he risk he life to save we regiment . he fight as if he would be bear to it . I have come to tell you I have withdraw my accusation of cowardice against he , along with castelton 's . ethne ( all she care about ) be Harry dead ? willoughby he be fine when I see he . he would change a great deal but he be in good health . ethne change how ? willoughby I do not spend much time with he . I do not know what else to tell you ethne . ethne tell I everything tom. please ... ( imploringly ) if by you own admission you have hurt I , then I have a right to know . ext . patio / caroline ' S house - day . caroline watch curiously from the patio , as ethne and the mysterious Officer , walk into the maze , deep in conversation . ext . maze / caroline 's house - day . ethne and willoughby sit on a bench in the garden maze . willoughby ... nothing prepare we for what happen . we be two mile short of abou klea when we be ambush . we manage to hold off the enemy , but at a terrible cost . a few day later khartoum fall and the whole expedition be call off ... time dissolve back to : ext . british evacuation camp - on nile - day . wounded british soldier lie in the open sun , moan in agony , plague by cloud of dust and swarm of fly . willoughby stare out , numb to they suffer , think only of he own lose friend . the shadow of a man in arab robe hover over he . willoughby ... get lose !... the arab do not move . willoughby ( look up furiously ) do not you bloody hear I ! get lose !... willoughby suddenly stop . he stare at the arab as if in a dream . willoughby ... Harry ?... harry stare back at he through he black desert robe . harry I send a man to you with a warning from abou klea . you would not listen to he . you have he torture instead . the confusion and shock bring pent - up tear to willoughby 's eye . harry he tell you a british Officer have send he . even if you do not believe he , what would it have cost to take precaution . what more do I have to do ? willoughby ( as the horror sink in ) I do not know Harry ... I do not know it be you ... ( he still can not believe he eye ) ... what be you do here in God 's name ?... what be you do ?... harry open he hand to reveal a soile white feather . willoughby stare at it , in bewilderment at first , then slowly beginning to understand . willoughby ( he gaze at the feather as if it 's the symbol of he own disgrace now ) give I the other . give they to I . harry they be not yours to take back . willoughby look up at he through he tear . there 's no condemnation in Harry 's eye , but no sympathy either . his experience have change he , turn he into a harder man . ext . maze / caroline 's house - day . ethne gaze silently at the feather in she hand . willoughby ... he would follow we all the way from Alexandria , look for a opportunity to redeem himself . it be only after he leave that I find out a arab match he description have also save Jack durrance 's life . ethne look up in surprise . willoughby Jack do not know . that be the way Harry want it . ext . flashback / battlefield / desert / sudan - day . smoke hover over the corpse strewn battlefield . we see harry through the haze , carry durrance on he shoulder , staggering under he friend 's weight . ext . flashback / hill above the battlefield / sudan - day . harry and abou fatma help durrance up a steep mountain trail , as below they , the battle rage . ext . flashback / bank of the nile / sudan - day . durrance 's brow be bead with sweat . harry cool he face with a wet cloth . durrance murmur question in he feverish state , but harry remain resolutely silent . ext . maze / caroline 's house - day . ethne stare at willoughby , think only of Harry . willoughby think she 's stare at the medal on he chest . willoughby ( embarrass ) I try to turn they down . I tell the committee I would do nothing to deserve they . they do not care . I think they pick they heroes ' name out of a hat . ( try to ease she pain ) you ask I how he would change . all I can say be that you would have be proud of he . ethne I should have be proud of he before . or at least I should have try to understand . willoughby you can not blame yourself . ethne why not , if you can . ( she will not forgive herself ) we all misjudge he , but I have the least excuse . he be the man I be suppose to love . suddenly a voice call out : durrance o/s ethne ... they turn around , startle . durrance stand at the entrance to the maze . willoughby get up nervously . ethne ( whisper urgently ) please , I do not want he to know you be here . willoughby stop . durrance look in they direction . willoughby ( in disbelief ) he can see we . ethne he can not see a thing . durrance reach out and feel the hedge , find he bearing , take slow step into the maze : durrance ethne ...? ethne keep quiet . durrance ethne ...? she watch durrance , wrack with guilt . willoughby ( beginning to panic ) I have get to say something . ethne be quiet . durrance be only a few yard away from they now . he stare a moment , as if at ethne , then turn and walk back . ext . window / caroline 's house - day . caroline see durrance , walk away from the maze , still call out for ethne . ext . maze / caroline 's house - day . durrance 's voice fade in the distance . ethne ( struggle with she emotion ) I do not want he to find out what you just tell I . willoughby Harry be he best friend -- ethne -- I be engage to Jack . I be go to marry he . willoughby stare in surprise . willoughby ... I know he would propose , I have no idea you would accept ... ( consider the implication ) ... I would never have tell you if I know . I be sure Harry would not have want I to . ethne I be glad you do . I need to know . ( look at he ) do you know where Harry be now ? willoughby hesitates . willoughby he do not tell I anything ; I do not feel I have a right to ask -- ethne -- please , tell I the truth . there 's no anger in she voice , only concern . willoughby look tear . willoughby some of we man be take prisoner . the dervish take they South , in case we try a rescue . trench be among the miss . ethne smile sadly , as if she have she answer . willoughby ( try to give she hope ) Harry may be determine but he be not mad . he will look for trench and then he will come back . ethne he will do whatever he have to do . there be still two feather leave . ext . window / caroline 's house - day . from she window , caroline see ethne and willoughby , say goodbye , walk off in different direction . as ethne approach the house , caroline see she gaze at something in she hand . int . stairway / caroline 's house - day . caroline walk down the stair . caroline be everything alright ? ethne ( force a smile ) he be a friend of father 's . he apologise for not introduce himself . he be in a hurry . caroline do not press . she notice the two white feather in ethne 's hand . int . live room / caroline 's house - night . ethne sit at the piano stool , still gaze at the feather in she hand . she hear voice in the corridor . it 's durrance , ask caroline where she be . ethne hear he footstep approach . she lift up the piano lid and start to play . the live room door open . ethne ignore the quiet footstep behind she . she feel durrance listen to every note . his hand cover she eye gently . ethne ( try to smile ) who could that be ... she remove he hand from she eye , and kiss they . durrance sit down beside she on the piano stool . durrance what be you play ? ethne the melusine overture . durrance cheerful stuff . he grin and start to play the tune , perfectly . ethne look on in admiration , try to hide she feeling . durrance join I . ethne I would rather listen . durrance please ... reluctantly ethne start to accompany he . durrance they say you can tell a woman 's heart by the way she play . ethne what if she can not play at all . durrance it be not how well you play , it 's how passionately you stroke the key . ethne press the key harder , pretend it 's a joke , worried that he might see through she . durrance I would say you be in love . even though it 's say in jest , he word stick like a knife . the note torture she . she suddenly get up and walk away from the piano . durrance ( follow she footstep ) where be you go ? ethne I want to hear you play on you own . a moment 's silence . then durrance turn back to the piano and start to play -- quietly , tenderly . the haunt music break ethne 's heart . almost involuntarily she start to walk away from he , towards the open patio door . durrance ( with a sudden flourish of the key ) there you go , I be in love too ... he swivel around and beam at she joyfully . ethne stare back at he , unable to speak . durrance ( gazing at she adoringly ) this past few day have be the best day of my life , blind or otherwise ... his eye shine in the candlelight , full of new- find hope . durrance ... before I come here I would give up . I put on all kind of front and defence , but deep down I be petrify . I have no idea what be go on around I , what people be think behind my back . I imagine the worst , so that nothing would surprise I , no - one would catch I out ... he walk closer . durrance ... you have make I realise I can not live like that . whether one can see or not , there 's no way of know how people really feel about you , all you can do be put yourself in they hand , and trust they unconditionally ... ethne can not speak . durrance I know how much you love Harry ... ( a beat ) ... for the first time I be not afraid to admit it , I be not not afraid to bring it up between we ... ( a beat ) I be not afraid , because of you ethne , because of the way you have make I feel ... he wait for a answer but all that greet he be silence . as he step closer he suddenly lose she presence . a touch of panic enter he voice : durrance ethne ...? the only sound he hear be the wind on the curtain . we see for the first time that ethne 's leave , through the open patio door . durrance ethne ...? he turn around sharply as he hear a noise . caroline stand in the doorway . durrance walk towards she . durrance ( touch she arm ) I think you would disappear . caroline it 's caroline . ethne 's go . durrance pull back , embarrassed . durrance I be sorry . caroline she must be in the garden . durrance ( try to sound lighthearted ) she be here a minute ago . it must have be something I say . caroline ( every word be calculate ) I do not think it be anything you say . she 's be upset all afternoon . ever since she speak to Lieutenant willoughby . durrance willoughby ?... he look perplex . durrance willoughby be here ? why do not he come and see I ? caroline I think he do . I see you walk into the maze to join they . she feel the impact on he -- the fact that he call out and no - one answer . durrance ( try to justify it to himself ) he must have have he reason . caroline he bring she two white feather . that 's all I know . durrance look up , startle . durrance ... Harry ... caroline watch he unsee eye try to make sense of what 's happen . she feel a touch of remorse as she see he struggle with he emotion . finally he look up : durrance ethne obviously do not want I to know ... ( curiously ) why do you tell I ? caroline hesitates . caroline I think you should know . durrance you be she friend . caroline your too I hope . durrance stare at she in silence , she intention slowly become clear to he . durrance you be not fair to ethne . caroline be you ? her meaning be clear . her word sting he deeply . durrance how much of we conversation do you overhear ? caroline enough . durrance then you should know I mean every word . ( more with pity than anger ) I love and trust ethne unconditionally . whatever doubt she 's feel , I know she will resolve they . ( with quiet dignity ) I have put myself in she hand . a long silence . durrance do not need to see caroline to know she 's in tear . caroline ... the only reason I tell you , be because you mean the world to I . durrance ( a gentle rebuff ) I be sorry , Mrs adair . ext . garden / caroline 's house - night . ethne sit in the garden alone , shiver in the wind , hat herself . ext . the CITY of dongola / southern sudan - night . the peel corpse of a british soldier be drag through the street by a rope tie to a camel 's back . local women tear at the dead man 's uniform , grab at he testicles , spitting on he bloat face . harry slip out of the crowd , horrify by what he 's see , relieved it be not trench . ext . dongola / sudan - day . the jeer woman can be hear in the distance . abou fatma sit in the shade , slurping a oily gruel . harry squat beside he . abou fatma offer he the bowl . harry decline . abou fatma you be surprised by the woman ? harry do not need to answer , he face say it all . abou fatma they be always the most cruel . amongst the Southern tribes it 's the custom for they to go into battle first , call the man coward until they be ready to fight . ( mischievously ) it be the same in you country , no ? harry look up to find abou fatma grin at he . abou fatma the woman you speak of . go back to she . tell she you be ready . harry what do you find out about the british prisoner ? abou fatma there be very few of they leave . he offer harry he food again . this time harry take the bowl and swallow the rancid meat as if it 's nothing . harr y where be they be hold ? abou fatma you Army abandon they . the shame be no longer yours . harry ( provoke he ) have I pay you for nothing , abou fatma ? the nubian look up , stung by the talk of money , when he be only express concern . abou fatma ( coldly ) twelve british soldier be take by boat from here to omdurman last month . harry shoukhran . abou fatma you be a foolish man . even for a british Officer . harry ( smiling ) ' God protect the fool ' . ( pass abou fatma the bowl ) how would I get into the prison at omdurman ? abou fatma ( sarcastically ) urinate in a holy well . harry that carry a penalty of death . all I want be to be imprison there . abou fatma stop eat , realise harry be serious . abou fatma you will die before you time . harry ' if it be the will of God . ' abou fatma ( impatient now ) this man turn he back on you . why should you give you life for he ? harry because he would do the same for I . no matter what have pass between we . ( look at the nubian ) I hope I would do the same for you too . abou fatma I have no need of such friend . the nubian return to he food , betray no sentiment . harry reach into he pocket and hold out five shilling coin . abou fatma ( disdainfully ) you owe I two shilling a day . this be too much . harry can not help smile . harry you still have not answer my question ? abou fatma you answer it yourself . God protect the fool . ext . night market / outside the city of omdurman - night . harry stumble around the marketplace , strumm on a break zither , pester people for money , pretend to be mad . the pass crowd laugh at he and push he away . abou fatma watch from across the street . harry stagger through the torchlit stall . he see a group of dervish warrior , gather around a fire . they leader , a sickly look emir , smoke a hashish pipe as he listen to he man recount they feat of war . next to he , lie a beautiful , jewel encrust scabbard . harry think a moment , then approach the group , strumm he zither , grin at the man . see the craze musician , the dervish warrior cover they ear . some of they toss chunks of meat at he . harry pick up the dusty morsel , chew they with relish , grin like a happy puppy . abou fatma watch as harry humiliate himself , play he break zither for the emir . the emir gaze back at he through bored , bloodshot eye . as the warrior laugh , harry suddenly bend down and snatch the emir 's scabbard . he run off with it at speed , wave it around he head like a sword , yell at the top of he voice . the dervish warrior give chase , still laugh as they run after the lunatic . harry stumble over a tent pole deliberately . the dervish warrior swarm around he , cane he with they stick . harry protect he face with he hand , plead : harry ( in Arabic ) God love the fool . God love the fool ... ext . well / outside the city of omdurman - night . the whole marketplace have gather to watch the madman punish . the warrior hoist harry up onto a well , and shout at he to walk around the rim . holding out he hand , harry start to step around the ledge . as he glance down he see the drop be at least thirty foot deep . two of the warrior jump onto the ledge behind he , blow bugle in he ear . dervish warrior ( in Arabic ) faster thief ... faster ... harry start to walk faster , clap in time with the warrior , perform for the crowd . harry ( in Arabic ) ... God love the fool . God love the fool ... another warrior step out of the crowd and start prodding harry with he spear . the crowd roar as harry almost topple into the well . he regains he foot and laugh back at they , clap he hand , wriggle he hip . spectator 's voice ( in Arabic ) here 's someone for he to dance with ... harry look down to see a hideous , half - naked hag , be push towards he . the crowd clear a space for the two lunatic to dance . harry force a craze giggle as the hag start to undulate and thrust she hip at he . he echoe she movement , stare into she deaden eye . the crowd push they closer together . harry feel a overwhelming sense of pity and dread . the dreamlike intensity be get to he . the tragic creature , shimmy before he eye , be like a grotesque reminder of the woman he love and lose . the hag start murmure to herself . as he listen , harry realise she 's sing -- a tuneless lament , remember from long ago , sung without any understanding now . the emotion well up in harry 's eye , even as he laugh at she . it 's as if he 's gaze into a crazy , distort mirror . the emir stare curiously as he catch the emotion in Harry 's eye . he suddenly signal for he man to part the lunatic . harry be drag away from the shriek hag , and flung before he . emir ( in Arabic , suspicious now ) play for I fool ... harry pick up he zither , and start to play a tuneless din . emir ( in Arabic ) you be not mad . harry pretend not to understand . the emir suddenly crack he cane down on Harry 's hand , break he finger . harry scream in agony : harry ( in Arabic ) ... God love the fool ... emir ( in Arabic ) the fool feel no pain . the emir beat he again with the cane . harry hold up he break finger in supplication , sing softly in he madman 's gibberish . harry ( in Arabic ) ... God love the fool ... the emir 's cane crack open he face . he double over in agony , spitting out blood . abou fatma watch , sicken , unable to do anything . even the other spectator look shake . harry slither away in the dust , whimper like a animal . emir ( in Arabic ) you be not mad . tell I who be you ? tell I or I will kill you ... abou fatma stare in silence , willing harry to speak . many in the crowd turn away , fear the worst . the emir raise he cane . with a surge of effort , harry lift up he blood soak face , and grin at the emir . he look barely human , he face rip open , swollen beyond recognition . harry ( sing softly in Arabic ) God love the fool . God love the fool ... the emir hesitates , convinced nobody in they right mind could take this much pain . emir ( in Arabic ) he 's mad . take he to the prison . let he sing for they there . he turn away and disappear into the crowd . abou fatma stare at harry , with both pity and admiration . he whisper a prayer for he friend 's safety . ext . prison of omdurman / bank of the nile - night . the evening prayer drift over the water of the Nile . in the distance we see the prison of omdurman , a huge dome of stone , surround by fifty foot wall on three side , and the river itself on the fourth . int . house of stone / prison / omdurman - night . hundred of shape move forward in the darkness . at first they look like a herd of animal , but slowly we recognise the grunt and cry as human . face come at we out of the dark , scream and cursing , shove each other violently , raise they face to the ceiling , gasp for air . as we eye adjust to the light , the vision of hell intensify . the prisoner be manacle and herde into a space no more than thirty foot wide . they circle the room in a clockwise direction , push on by each other in perpetual motion , afraid that if they stop they will be suck under the maelstrom and trample underfoot . the most fortunate be that who have find a rest space in the corner of the room . they cling to the wall , fight off anyone who try to share they sanctuary . from somewhere amongst they we hear a familiar voice : trench get away ! this be Ibrahim 's space ! trench protect he corner , lash out at anyone who try to breach the space . he bellow at the top of he voice : trench Ibrahim , where be you ?! a voice answer from the heaving mass . trench hold out he hand and drag he friend , ibrahim , out of the scrum . trench ( sound half craze ) you must not fall . you mus not fall . as if to prove he point , a fight break out at the far side of the room . trench stand on tiptoe , as eager as everyone else to see the outcome . two prisoner try to strangle each other with they chain , fight for a inch of space . it 's hard to make out anything in the dark , but the savagery of the fight be reflect in the speed of flail fist and foot . one of the prisoner finally lose he foot . in a instant he 's suck under . the victor laugh maniacally . the loser 's cry continue for a moment and then stop suddenly as the trample foot break he neck . trench turn to Ibrahim , with the know look of a expert . trench we must not fall Ibrahim . we mus not fall . suddenly there 's a cry from outside the cell door . prison guard o/ 's ( in Arabic ) back ! get back ! the prisoner close to the door push away . the head guard , the tower idris - es - saier , toss in a blaze torch to clear some space . a new prisoner be flung inside and the door slam shut behind he . the other prisoner surge back , try to reclaim they space . there be cry of pain as some of they tread on the blaze torch . the sheer weight of man quickly put it out . the new prisoner hold onto anything he can to stop himself fall . from he corner trench look on grimly . trench watch Ibrahim . he 's go to fall . the new prisoner be sweep up in the savage wave . as he approach trench 's corner he try to claw he way to safety . trench beat he back with a flurry of blow . the prisoner disappear under the heaving body , but then he pop up again , gasp for breath . he fight with all he might , swinging he fist , clutching at anyone in he way . trench look impressed , but he know it will not be long . trench he will fall . youssef will get he . as the new prisoner swing towards they again , the prisoner behind he , youssef , slam he chain down on he head . the new arrival go down hard . as he disappear , he scream out the name : " trench !!! " trench stare in disbelief , freeze for a moment , then bellow like a bull , he charge out of he corner and flail he way through the heaving mass , try to retrieve the fall prisoner . trench help I Ibrahim ...!!! the tall arab fight he way to trench . together they pull the new prisoner to he foot . they take he under each arm and fall in with the move mass . trench we have lose we place . you must not fall . the man almost collapse , but trench hold he up . he and Ibrahim keep walk the prisoner , try to keep he conscious , know they have to fight till daybreak now . int . house of stone / prison / omdurman - day . the sound of early morning prayer drift into the House of Stone . sunbeam pick out bloodmark and break nail where prisoner have try to claw they way to safety . half a dozen body lie crush on the floor , that who do not make it through the night . that who do , be ushere outside by the prison guard , into the merciless heat . trench and ibrahim support the new prisoner . a fat , oily look prison Guard , hassan , sneer at trench on he way out . hassan you have find a friend , English . trench ignore he , blink as he walk into the sun . ext . courtyard / prison / omdurman - day . the prisoner collapse as they stumble into the prison courtyard , exhaust by the previous night 's effort . trench and ibrahim help the new prisoner to the river 's edge . ext . riverbank / courtyard / prison / omdurman - day . trench kneel beside the prisoner and pour some water over he face . the man open he lip to swallow it . trench do not drink . it 's dirty . you body be not strong enough . bead of sweat shine on the bearded man 's ravage face . trench study he feature , wonder who he be . he dig out a copper coin from he shoe . trench ( to Ibrahim ) see if Hassan will sell we some drink water . ibrahim set off towards hassan , who 's busy beat the other prisoner to they foot . trench ( look back ) you speak English ? new prisoner ( a trace of a smile appear on he crack lip ) ... I hope so , after all this time ... trench stare at he in surprise . trench ... how do you know my name ? new prisoner you tell it to I yourself ... the first time we meet ... ( imitating trench weakly ) " trench by name , and trench by nature . good to meet you feversham ... " trench stare in astonishment . trench ... Harry ?... harry 's eye move around and find he , twinkle mischievously , despite all the pain . harr y ( with ironic good humor ) ... you look well ... trench ( break into a smile ) not half as well as you ... ( overwhelm ) what the hell be you do here ?... harry ... I would come to rescue you ... but now that you have rescue I ... I have to save you twice ... trench stare at he in disbelief . harry ... I have some money to bribe the guard ... there 's a man wait for we across the river ... with camel and provision ... trench ( snap out of he reverie , hush he ) keep you voice down . trench look across the courtyard to make sure no - one 's watch they . hassan be busy bargain with ibrahim over the cup of water . trench ( under he breath ) how much money ? harry two hundred . trench look hopeful for the first time in week . trench ... I know it be not true . the guard keep tell I we army have leave we behind . how far away be they ? harry ( regrettably ) they pull out . over a month ago . trench stare in confusion . trench then who send you ? harr y you do . trench do not understand . harry slowly open he finger to reveal a crush white feather in he hand . trench stare at it in bewilderment . then suddenly he start to laugh , full of anguish and joy , amaze by the madness of the world . ext . prison gate / courtyard / prison / omdurman - day . the compound gate rumble open . the prisoner ' relative be ushere inside , keep in order by the guard ' whip . the prisoner limp as fast as they can to receive any food they family have bring they . before they can eat , the guard have to be pay off , idris first , then hassan and the other . as the feed frenzy break out we hear trench 's voice : trench v/o ... Hassan 's the only guard who 's corruptible . for two hundred he will get we on the graveyard detail ... ext . riverbank / courtyard / prison / omdurman - day . we see what he 's talk about now . the dead body from the House of Stone be dumped in a row boat . the guard order several prisoner onto the boat with they . they be too afraid to handle the corpse themselves . trench v/o ... the farthest the boat go be a hundred yard from the opposite shore . we will have to wait until you be strong enough to swim ... harry watch the boat drift into the middle of the river . ripples appear as huge crocodile move in to feed . the prisoner toss the body in the water . the corpse float for a moment , then suddenly vanish in a froth of blood . trench ( smiling grimly ) you do not think of that when you come ? harry I do not think of much when I come . trench look at he , still unable to believe anyone could be so reckless and so brave . trench all for a feather ? harry ( lightly ) more than one . trench look down at the sand , reflect : trench give it to I Harry . harry why ? trench so I can show you it mean nothing -- that if I throw it in the river it will float away -- end up between some croc 's tooth . harry ( smiling softly ) not this feather . it 's get the measure of I . it will float back and find I . the water lap quietly in the silence . trench there be a dozen british officer here last month . every time one of they die , the last word on he lip be : " do not worry about I lad . we boy will come and get you . " they never do . just you . I would say you have do enough . harry not until I get you out . trench you can hardly walk . harry I do not need to walk , I need to swim . he smile at trench affectionately . across the river , the boat return , silhouett against the sunset . ext . house of stone / prison / omdurman - day . the prisoner be herde back into the House of Stone . hassan walk alongside trench and harry , negotiate he bribe . hassan ... God put you here for a reason , English . he test we . I have fifteen starve child myself to care for . trench ( take he cue ) I be think of you child Hassan . I would like to help they . God favour the almsgiver . hassan for three hundred I could feed they for a year . trench I can afford two . from myself , Ibrahim , and the madman . hassan nod , accept the offer , and walk ahead . int . house of stone / prison / omdurman - night . harry and trench be in the thick of the crowd , fight for space , try to give each other strength . trench ... the first thing I do when I get back be book a table at wilton' . a private room , all to myself , no bloody crowd ... he shove into the man in front , gain a few more precious inch for they to breathe in . trench ... I will start with a half shell of crab , then I will order the mallard , medium rare . harry a glass of burgundy to wash it down . trench nothing foreign . a pint of Stout will do I fine . harr y ( grinning ) well I be get on the first train to bintree , crowded or not . trench I will drink to that ... ( he raise he hand , as if he 's in a crowded pub , try to get the barman 's attention ) two pint please ... the two of they surge through the crowd , laugh like lunatic . trench a few more day Harry . a few more day ... int . house of stone / prison / omdurman - day . the morning call to prayer bring sob of relief from the prisoner . harry , trench , and ibrahim , lie in a corner of the room , exhaust by the night 's effort . hassan step over the dead body littering the floor , and order they to get up . hass a ( as plan ) you three , take the body to the boat . harry and ibrahim get to they foot . trench do not move . harry reach down to give he a hand , when he suddenly see how pale he friend be . he drop to he knee , feel trench 's pulse . he 's alive , but very weak . hassan ( look at the unconscious trench ) you see , English . God do not want you to leave . he have give you umm sabbah . trench moan , grip by typhus fever . harry try to help he up , refuse to believe they plan be dash . harry ( whisper ) trench , get up . get up ... hass a ( shout at Harry in Arabic ) leave he . carry the dead to the boat . harry ignore he , cradling trench in he arm . hassan step forward and lash he hard across the back . harry ( still try to rouse trench ) ... get up trench . get up ... hassan lash he again . this time harry spin around and grab the whip . he stare at hassan dangerously , the frustration and disappointment push he to the edge . hassan ( in Arabic ) he pay I to release you . if you do not want to go , you can rot with he . ( turn to Ibrahim ) what about you ?! ibrahim look at trench guiltily , then get up , and walk towards the dead body . harry gather trench in he arm , and hold he protectively , like a faithful slave . hassan sneer , and stride out of the House of Stone . harry look at trench . his friend shiver feverishly . harry brushes the wet hair out of he face : harry we will get you to wilton' . crab and mallard , medium rare . ext . riverbank / prison / omdurman - day . harry watch from the shore , as ibrahim toss the corpse overboard . suddenly the arab take he chance and dive . he 's only yard away from the boat when he 's lift into air by a huge crocodile , and drag below the murky depth . all be still again . harry look back at trench , lie by the river 's edge , lose in he own feverish dream . int . study / general feversham 's house / london - day . ethne sit across from general feversham in the dimly light room . there 's bright sunshine outside but very little of it get in . general feversham seem much older than the first time we see he , he eye be withdraw , he movement restless . he ring the handbell irritably . ethne do not worry about the biscuit General . general feversham I want some myself . I need something sweet in the afternoon , otherwise I fall asleep . ( catch himself ) not today of course . ethne try to answer he smile , but neither of they be particularly convincing . general feversham I be very touch you have come all this way to tell I you good news . Jack will make you a wonderful husband . ethne ( hiding all she doubt ) he will be pleased to hear that . general feversham I be very fond of the boy . general feversham smile weakly , and look away . whatever they talk about seem to come back to Harry . ethne finally broaches the subject : ethne have you hear any news from the Sudan ? general feversham hesitates . general feversham ... a old friend of mine come to visit I yesterday , Colonel sutch . you probably remember he ... ethne nod , panic inside , sense the old man 's grief . general feversham ... he use to receive the occasional letter from Harry , let he know that he be alright ... ( his voice falter ) ... Harry make he promise not to tell I anything , unless the letter stop . I be afraid they do . over a month ago . ethne look pale . she try to hold back she tear for the General 's sake . ethne I be sure it do not mean anything . general feversham I ask some friend at the war office to make some enquiry . accord to they spy , all the british prisoner be dead . ethne can not speak . the old man fight he tear as well . general feversham would you like to see he letter ? ethne ( barely a whisper ) I be not sure I could cope right now . general feversham no , of course not . I be sorry ... ethne look up , remember he grief be as great as hers . ethne have you look at they ? general feversham oh yes . they make wonderful read ... ( his face light up briefly ) he travel all the way from Alexandria to suakin . across three hundred mile of desert . from there he follow the camel corp disguise as a coolie . he fight with they at abou klea , excell himself by all account , save dozen of life . if he be still a soldier they would have probably give he the Victoria Cross . ethne ( her eye shine with tear ) you must be very proud . the old man nod , suffer again . general feversham ... there be not a trace of fear in the write . that 's what I find so hard to understand . that someone could be so terrify of go to war ; and yet when the time come to face it for real , he embrace it , almost gratefully ... ethne ( share he guilt ) we all misjudge he . general feversham you only know he a short time . I have no excuse . see he overcome by guilt and grief , ethne get up and take he hand . general feversham hold hers tightly . general feversham my son love Jack durrance like a brother . I know he would be happy for you . he would want you to live you life . ethne nod gratefully , unable to speak , she whole world fall apart . ext . courtyard / prison / omdurman - day . the prisoner tear and claw at each other like wild animal , desperately try reach a scrap of meat that 's fall to the floor . harry be in the thick of the fight , elbow and head - but people out of he way . he 's change beyond recognition , and it be not just physical . he fight with a primal savagery , oblivious to everything except the precious scrap of food . he finally get hold of it , and swing he elbow round , break another prisoner 's nose . ext . river 's edge / courtyard / prison / omdurman - day . trench lie by the riverside , sweat and shiver from fever , he eye sink back into he skull . harry kneel beside he , cover in blood . he hold out the scrap of meat . harry ... trench . food . you have to eat . trench can not move he jaw , let alone eat . harry chew the meat for he . when it 's soft between he tooth , he spit it out , and feed trench with he finger . for all the primal horror , there 's a touch human tenderness in the moment . suddenly a pair of hand grab harry by the hair , and drag he away from trench . it 's idris . the giant prison guard tear the scrap of meat from harry 's hand and kick he in the rib for good measure . spit out blood , harry crawl after he , no longer have to play the madman , he 's halfway there . harry ( in Arabic ) food master , food master please ... idris lash he with he whip . harry 's body arch in pain but he brain hardly register . he kiss the ground at idris 's foot , still begging for he scrap of food back . harry ( in Arabic ) food master . food ... idris walk away in disgust . int . house of stone / prison / omdurman - night . harry hold up the semi-conscious trench , as they be buffete around in the House of Stone . the other prisoner try to push they under , but harry defend trench with the savagery of a veteran . a prisoner try to blind trench with he hand , but harry grab he finger , sink he tooth in as far as they will go . int . house of stone / prison / omdurman - day . daylight stream through the open door . harry rest trench against a wall , and scavenge amongst the body of the dead , search for any money they may have hide . ext . courtyard / prison / omdurman - day . harry run over to hassan , and drop to he knee in supplication , hold out a copper coin : harry ( plead in Arabic ) food master . food . my master need food . hassan hold out he arm to reveal a stump where he hand should be . hassan ( in Arabic ) this be what idris give I for help you master ... ( spit at Harry 's foot ) there 's some food . hassan turn and walk towards the fortress gate . the other prisoner scramble after he , desperate to receive they daily handout from they relative . harry think about wading in and fight they for it , but he have no energy leave . he collapse in the sand , stare up at the sun . as he close he eye , he suddenly hear a whisper : arab boy o/ English ... harry look up to see a small arab boy , approach he . the boy stop as he see harry 's ravage face , frighten by he mad , stare eye . harry see the piece of chicken in he hand , and wave he over . the arab boy finally kneel down , and offer he the chicken bone . harry snatch it and gnaw on it like a hungry animal . it 's only when he examine the meat , make sure there 's enough leave for trench , that we realise how human he still be . he slip the half eat chicken bone in he robe , and look at the arab boy gratefully . the arab boy hold out some coin for he . arab boy from abou fatma . harry stare at the coin . it 's all the money he 's ever pay abou fatma . harr y money 's no good anymore . we can not bribe the guard . I need he to buy food and medecine for my friend ... he stop as he realise the arab boy do not understand a word . he give he back the coin : harr y ( in Arabic ) tell abou fatma to buy we food . you bring I the food ... he point to the other relative as if to explain . the arab boy nod that he understand . harry be about to ask he more when he suddenly spot idris walk towards they menacingly . harr y go. thank abou fatma . thank he for I . the arab boy get up and walk away . harry watch he leave , already miss the human contact . as idris approach , he scramble away , reduce to he bestial state again . ext . courtyard / riverside / prison / omdurman - day . harry pour water over trench 's face . harry ... you be better trench . much better . you may not feel it , but you look it ... trench open he eye , conscious enough for the first time in week , to see how much he friend have change . trench ( smiling weakly ) ... when I be better ... will I look as bad as you ?... harry smile through bleed gum and swollen cheek . the evening prayer start up behind they . trench close he eye in despair . trench I do not think of God anymore when I hear that sound . it use to give I hope . now all I feel be dread . harry do not talk like that . we be go to get you through this . trench I do not want to get through this , Harry . what for ? in the distance they hear idris shouting at the prisoner , drive they back into the House of Stone . trench ... there 's only one thing that frighten I now . the think that the closer I come , the more desperately afraid and sure I be that all this will end right here ... when I so wish I could die at home ... ( fight tear ) in my own country -- in my own village ... to be bury beneath the tree I know -- in sight of the church and house I know ... beside the trout stream , where I fished when I be a boy ... ( try to smile ) be you laugh yet ?... harry no , I be not laugh . harry fight he own pain . trench I do not think I can take it anymore , Harry ... harry find it hard to argue . stare at trench 's ravage face and withere body all he can do be nod in sympathy . ext . courtyard / prison / omdurman - day . harry sit opposite the young arab boy in the courtyard . there 's a look of quiet resignation in he eye as he stare at the small glass vial in he hand . harry ( in Arabic ) thank abou fatma for I . ask he to pray for we . the arab boy nod sadly , as if he 's see Harry for the last time . harry pat he on the shoulder , and get up . int . house of stone / prison / omdurman - night . harry and trench lean against a wall , watch as the House of Stone fill with prisoner . trench 's eye be fill with dread . harry ( quietly ) ... we have a visitor today . trench turn and look at he . harry open he hand to reveal the small glass vial . trench stare at the dark liquid inside , slowly realise what it be . trench anything would be better than this . harry be you sure ? trench nod , he decision make . harry ( slip he the vial ) the poison will take a few hour to work . you will not feel any pain . trench ( smiling grimly ) that will make a change . harry look at he sadly , then turn away , prepare for the inevitable charge from the other prisoner . trench ... one last thing , Harry ... harry turn around . trench ... my feather ... I would like it back ... harry stare in silence . trench hold out he hand . harry take it . as they finally let go , we see the soile white feather in trench 's palm . trench close he finger around it , gratefully . trench I hope it give I as much strength as it give you . they eye stay on each other , full of friendship and respect . then , steeling himself , trench snap the vial , and start to drink . harry half ... trench stop . trench ( smiling sadly ) I do not mean to be a pig about it ... he hold out the vial for Harry . harry take it and swallow the rest of the poison . he grin at trench . harry what do you say , we give they one last night of hell . trench I will drink to that . shoulder first , harry charge into the mass prisoner . trench follow he , laugh through he tear . int . house of stone - dawn . blind sunlight . the prisoner stumble out of the House of Stone , cover in blood from the previous night 's fight . idris look down at the break body at he foot . harry and trench be amongst the dead . idris prod they both with he spear , make sure . idris ( in Arabic ) take they to the boat . ext . courtyard / riverside / prison / omdurman - day . a dozen body be dumped , one on top of the other , in two funeral boat . hassan take charge of one , idris the other . ext . boat / river / omdurman - day . the guard hold onto the side of the boat , steadying themselves in case a crocodile try to ram . the prisoner charge with throw the body overboard , stare into the water , terrify of the unseen monster lurking below . ext . hassan 's boat / river / omdurman - day . the corpse be pile high in Hassan 's boat , a mass of chalk white flesh . as we follow a rivulet of blood into the heap , we see Harry 's face . his eye suddenly open . very much alive . they move around , try to locate trench . above he he feel the corpse be lift off , ease the burden on he back . ext . river / omdurman - day . arrow break the surface , as the giant crocodile move in . ext . hassan 's boat / river / omdurman - day . harry finally glimpsis trench . his friend be still unconscious . in tiny movement , harry slip through the ice cold flesh that separate they , and slide over trench 's body , try to ensure he 's throw overboard first . ext . idris 's boat / river / omdurman - day . blood boil around the boat as more body be toss overboard . as idris stare into the murky depth , he see a fifteen foot monster , drag away a translucent corpse . ext . hassan 's boat / river / omdurman - day . harry and trench be the only body leave in Hassan 's boat . harry brace himself as he 's lift into the air . his body be swing out three time and throw overboard . ext . river / omdurman - day . harry feel the warm water envelop he . any trace of paralysis the poison have leave , disappear in a instant , drive away by sheer terror . through the eerie green haze he glimpsis the dreamlike silhouettes of the crocodile , feast on the corpse , drag they along the river bed . harry 's instinct be to swim away as fast as he can , but even now he remember trench . the water above he explode as trench be hurl in . harry swim up to the surface and grab hold of he friend . ext . idris 's boat / river / omdurman - day . idris stare curiously as he watch the two body drift away . the water around they be bubbling but there 's no blood . it 's only as he look more closely that idris realise one of the body be kick he foot , swim away . idris ( in Arabic ) Hassan . behind you ! ext . hassan 's boat / river / omdurman - day . hassan turn around to see harry and trench disappear with the current . he take out he pistol . ext . river / omdurman - day . holding the unconscious trench in he arm , harry swim towards the fastest point of the river , hope the current will drag he away from the crocodile and the boat . ext . hassan 's boat / river / omdurman - day . hassan aim the pistol with he good hand . he 's about to squeeze the trigger , when there 's a loud explosion from the opposite shore . a bullet smashes through he skull and hurl he into the water . ext . opposite shore / river / omdurman - day . the man who fire the shot lower he rifle . it 's abou fatma . he kick he camel , and gallop along the riverbank , try to keep up with harry and trench in the water . ext . idris 's boat / river / omdurman - day . idris stare after they in fury . he order the guard to row into the current and give chase . ext . river / omdurman - day . harry and trench tumble through the churn water , the current boil all around they . there be splashes of water as bullet explode . ext . opposite shore / river / omdurman - day . abou fatma dismount as he see harry and trench be pick off . he take up a position near the riverbank , and fire at the pursue boat . ext . idris 's boat / river / omdurman - day . idris duck as one of he guard be hit . he shout at the remain guard to fire back at abou fatma . ext . river / omdurman - day . harry and trench keep disappear under the water . as he surface briefly , harry look around . he see the current hurtle towards a row of jag rock . ext . river / omdurman - day . idris aim at the distant figure on the riverbank , and fire a volley of shot . ext . opposite shore / river / omdurman - day . two bullet spin abou fatma round , graze he in the leg , knock the rifle out of he hand . limp as fast as he can , he take cover behind the camel . ext . idris 's boat / river / omdurman - day . idris look back at harry and trench , ready to pick they off . suddenly he eye stop . he see the jag rock in he path . he yell at the guard to row against the current . ext . river / omdurman - day . the current pick up speed as it hurtle towards the rock . harry hold trench tightly , anticipate the impact . the current sweep they right through the rock . ext . opposite shore / river / omdurman - day . abou fatma watch from the riverbank as idris 's boat tumble helplessly towards the rock . ext . idris 's boat / river / omdurman - day . the guard leap off the boat at the last moment , but the current sweep they up , and dash they brain against the rock . only idris hold on . the boat break up all around he , but protect he from the full impact . ext . river / omdurman - day . harry and trench surface on the other side of the rock . huge tree root jut out near the riverbank . the current be still strong but it 's swimmable . ext . opposite shore / river / omdurman - day . abou fatma ride after the disappear body . ext . giant tree root / river / omdurman - day . harry reach out and grab a jutting tree root . with he leg clamp around trench , he pull they out of the fastest point of the current . as he look behind he he see idris disappear under the torrent . catch he breath , harry start to clamber along the root , try to make it to the safety of the riverbank . trench groan , fully conscious now . harr y we be go to make it . trench stare at harry with a almost childlike trust . harr y see if you can touch the bottom . trench dip he foot under , nodd as they touch the riverbed . harr y grab the root . trench grip the root . harry swim around he . harry now walk to the riverbank . trench my leg be break . harry you leg be fine . the poison paralysis the body . it 's wear off . gripping the root , trench start to walk against the current , the water flow up to he neck . slowly the river shallow . harry look relieved as he friend finally tumble onto the riverbank and collapse . he 's about to follow he , when suddenly a pair of hand shoot out of the water , and grab he around the neck . it 's idris . he 's also manage to clamber he way to safety . with a howl of rage he pull harry 's face under the water . harry kick and flail . with one huge hand idris keep he under the surface , with the other he hold onto the giant tree root . harry try to loosen he grip , but he be not strong enough . he reach down into the riverbed , and grope around until he find a rock . he grind it into idris 's wrist like a pummel stone . idris whip he hand away in pain . harry be instantly suck out of he grasp . the current smashes he headlong into another root , downriver . idris stare at he escape prey in fury . his anger cloud he reason . he let go of he own root and let the current drag he to harry 's . ext . riverbank / omdurman - day . harry drag himself towards the riverbank . he 's only a few yard away when idris 's hand grab he again . harry turn around swinging and catch idris on the jaw . both of they tumble in the water . they wrestle beneath the surface , then shoot up again , tear at each other like wild animal . idris grab harry by the hair , and slam he face down on he knee , smash he nose . the searing pain stagger harry . he try to crawl away , but idris stamp on he back , flatten he . he drop to he knee , and grind harry 's face into the riverbed . as he pull he back up by the hair , we see harry 's mangle feature -- a mask of blood , eye stare out , jaw hang open in defeat . for a moment time seem to slow , then suddenly , shaking he head free , harry scream a savage , primal cry , and drive he elbow back into idris 's face , shatter bone and cartilege . idris fall back , stunne . harry have he chance to get away , but he 's not interested now . he wade after idris , a expression of pure , uncontrollable rage in he eye . as idris try to pick himself up , harry slam both fist into he mouth , smash he tooth down he throat . it 's idris 's turn to look scared . he try to crawl away , but the bloody face demon be on he in second , ramming he head back under the water . idris manage to kick he away briefly , but it only enrage harry . he come back at idris with a large rock between he hand , crack he face open . and still he be not finish . sitting astride the gurgle prison guard , harry raise both arm as high as they will go , and smashes the rock into idris 's face , again and again . the guard 's blood splatter all over he , but harry hardly seem to notice . he 's grip by a savage , primordial fury . everything he 's suffer have build up to this point . he 's at he high and lowest ebb . his hand whirr up and down , he eye glow feverishly , he lip curl in a terrifying sneer . strong arm grab he from behind , but harry ignore they , hammer away . he 's beyond hatred , beyond compassion , face to face with he deep , darkest self . again the arm try to pull he off , but harry brushes they aside . the blood and tear stream down he cheek . he howl like a animal . his hand finally slow as he arm reach exhaustion . this time abou fatma manage to pull he off . harry collapse in he arm and weep like a baby , finally break out of the darkness , no longer sure who or what he be anymore . abou fatma hold he tightly , hush he , comforting he , understanding . ext . country lane / bintree / england - day . a primal silence . mist hover over the emerald field . in the distance a carriage approach . as it draw nearer , we see harry , sit in the back . his scar have heal , but he eye have the far away look of someone who 's see too much . the outline of the village church appear through the fog . harry hear a dog bark . harry ( to the Driver ) could you stop here . ext . church / bintree - day . the bark grow louder as harry enter the churchyard . he see a collie , tie to a post . it 's dermod 's dog . harry bend down and stroke the animal . then he look up through the open church door . int . church / bintree - day . at first harry do not see ethne . she sit quietly in one of the Church pews . it 's only as she hear he footstep that she turn around . her eye stop still . she stare at he in silence , take in the ravage of time . all the diffidence and boyish charm she remember have long since disappear . in they place , there 's a inner strength , and confidence . ethne everyone say how much you would change . I do not believe they . harry do I look that bad ? ethne trench come to see I last week . he look a good deal worse than you . harry he 's suffer more . ethne that be not what he tell I . she stare at he with quiet pride . ethne May I have it back ? harry that be not why I come . ethne I would still like it back . ( she smile sadly ) I have three of they , I would like four . harry stare at she , then take out the fourth feather . harry I be almost sorry to let it go . it 's bring I a lot of luck this past few month . ethne take the feather , unable to look at he . she stare at it in silence . ethne when do you get back ? harry two week ago . she look hurt that it 's take he so long to come and see she , but she know she have no right to expect more . ethne I be glad you do what you do , on you own , without anyone 's help . I be glad for you , Harry . harry I do nothing on my own . you be with I the whole time . the tear begin to shine in she eye . ethne you have hear we news ?... harry yes . ethne nod , unable to continue . harry I do not come here to change you mind . ( with quiet dignity ) the most I hope for -- and I hope for it every day -- be that I could do enough to save the memory of what we have . so that you would not always be ashamed of the time we spend together . ethne be too ashamed of herself to answer he . her eye drift to a crack of sunlight on the church wall , glint through the stain glass window . harry what be you think ? ethne you would laugh if I tell you . harr y that might not be a bad thing . ethne I be think I would get up and leave when that patch of sunlight disappear . so far it 's be quite resilient . she smile gently . for a moment they be the Harry and ethne of old . ethne I pass by you apartment the other day . harry ( surprise ) when ? ethne when you do not come and see I ... ( she smile sadly ) I be in London for the day . it take I hour to pluck up the courage . when I finally drive by , you light be off . harry I have hardly be out since I get back . ethne it be last Friday . between five and six . harry ( pause ) I would go to see my father . ethne ( smiling ironically ) someone must be watch over we . the sunlight linger precariously on the wall . ethne it will pass . you will meet someone soon . then you and she , and Jack and I , will sit over tea and chatter politely , as if there be never anything between we . harry that will not happen . ethne it have to happen . ( the tear fill she eye ) because I love you Harry ... and I can not . I can not . the sunlight on the wall finally fade . ethne wipe she tear and get up to leave . as she try to walk past he , harry take she in he arm . she do not resist . if anything she 's relieved . they stay like that for a moment , hold each other , unable to do anything else . we feel they desperate long , but there 's a self impose wall that keep they apart . ethne pull away gently . ethne I will take you to the station . he nod . harry I want to look in on Jack . I will leave he a note . ethne ( consider ) no , he would love to see you . he 's stay at the vicarage . it 's on the way . they be polite around each other now , like stranger . ethne slip past he with a awkward smile . harry wait before he follow she . they walk down the aisle , several foot apart . int . durrance 's room / vicarage / glenalla - day . durrance sit at a table , knotting he tie . there 's a determination in he eye , as if the smallest activity have become a battle to be win . suddenly he hear the noise of ethne 's carriage outside . his face light up . he feel he way towards the window . the carriage door take a long time to open . durrance stare curiously . finally he hear footstep on the gravel . they be heavier than he expect . they stop a moment . durrance know whoever it be , be stare up at he in the window . he look thoughtful now , as if he know who it be . he turn away from the window and find a chair . he sit , face the door , check to make sure the carafe of scotch and the crystal glass be within easy reach . the footstep climb the stair . there 's a knock on the door . durrance come in . harry enter . he stop as he see he friend . durrance 's face have soften from inactivity . his skin seem pale compare to Harry 's coarse , sunburnt feature . durrance it 's good to see you , Harry . harry ( quietly impressed ) how do you know ? durrance a calculate guess . ( he grin ) scotch alright ? harry perfect . durrance I have get to cut down on the stuff . I be put on weight . harry you look good . durrance not as good as you , I be sure . harry watch he friend , take the carafe , pour two perfect glass . everything durrance do , be design to show he he 's alright , that there 's nothing to pity . durrance ( handing he the drink ) I hear ethne 's carriage outside ? harry she 's give I a ride to the station . durrance why do not she come up ? harry ( he know the question be not as casual as it sound ) I think she want to give we a few minute alone . durrance do we need a few minute alone ? even though he 's smile , the air be thick with tension . harry I come to thank you , Jack . durrance for what ? harry for stand by I . durrance if you be talk about the feather , I be not there . harry willoughby tell I you be . he say you would try to talk they out of it . durrance hesitates . durrance you do not owe I anything Harry . the wedding be not for another month . ethne 's free to make up she own mind . harry you do not owe I anything either , Jack . and she 's make up she mind . you should trust she judgement . a long silence . durrance be too proud to respond . harry stare at he friend , regret the wall between they . harry I would better go . I will miss my train . I will come and see you soon . he finish he drink and get up . durrance have another one . harry I can not Jack . durrance please . his voice be softer now , more conciliatory . durrance the friendship be the best thing about that place . it 's the one thing I have not be able to hang onto . it 's he way of ask Harry to stay . harry sit again . durrance I have become like one of that old soldier we use to laugh at . force my storey on everyone . enough medal on my uniform to light up a Christmas tree . ( fill they glass ) have they give you back you commission ? harry they have not acknowledge I in any way . durrance I suppose it would not be the british Army if they admit they mistake . harry I do not know if it be a mistake . I be never a real soldier like you . durrance a real soldier do not come back in a hospital ship . ( raising he glass ) to castelton and all the other we leave behind . harry watch he friend down he whisky , sense the guilt and pain inside . harry ( reassuring he gently ) you do everything you could . durrance you see it happen ? harry from a distance . I remember the entire british Square retreate in perfect order , and then this two lunatic , charge out to save they friend . ( he smile affectionately ) I remember think there be not a bullet in the world that could stop you that day . durrance ( ironically ) except my own . harry you obviously be not mean to die . you certainly try you best . durrance chuckle , close to tear , hold they back . durrance it 's hard to talk like this with anyone else . they all want to know how many people you have kill , but the moment you mention the friend you have lose , they eye glaze over . harry they be not there . durrance no . ( a beat ) do you ever miss the desert Harry ? harry I be glad I be home . durrance it be the best time of my life . whenever anyone have a problem they come to I . I never feel so need . __ ( he smile ) maybe we should change place . harry be not sure what he mean . durrance top up they glass . durrance you remember the first time we lead a cavalry charge in public ? harry you wipe the floor with I . most of my horse end up in the bandstand . durrance ethne be watch . harry ( hesitate ) that 's right . durrance we would meet she the previous night , at the regimental ball . harry I remember . durrance you should . you be the only one she dance with . harry smile but do not say anything . durrance I have never be so jealous . I stay up all night brood . the next day I be determine to show you up -- prove to she I be the better soldier . harry ( affectionately ) you be always the better soldier . durrance and it still do not make a difference . ( he smile wistfully ) she be the first person I look for in the crowd , and she be stare at you . everyone else be applaud I , and she be stare at you . ( a beat ) I be not sure if anything 's change . harry can not speak . he know what durrance be say . durrance ( raising he glass ) to we Harry . he lean over , grin , and touch Harry 's glass . durrance to you . ext . churchyard / glenalla - day . Church bell chime , drown out by the excited guest . the wedding party have gather outside the chapel , wait for the bride . there 's a flurry of activity as ethne 's carriage finally draw up . friend and family run over to greet she . harry 's party stay behind at the Church door , prepare he for she imminent arrival . general feversham and colonel sutch make last minute adjustment to harry 's suit and tie . willoughby remind trench to make sure he 's still get the ring . ethne finally emerge from the carriage , look radiant in a white dress . harry try to catch a glimpse of she , but trench cover he eye , as if it 's still bad luck to see he bride . ethne laugh as she walk past they into the church , accompany by she father . trench wait until she 's safely inside , before he remove he hand from Harry 's eye . harry look around , hope to see durrance amongst the crowd . his friend be nowhere to be see . harry smile at the other guest , but he seem distract , as if he know in he heart durrance will not show . slowly the crowd outside thin until only harry , trench , and willoughby remain . trench ready ? harry have one last look for durrance , still hope against hope , then he nod and follow he friend inside . the noise of the choir fade as the door close behind they . for a moment we be leave in the balmly stillness of the churchyard , and then , in it 's place , we hear the unmistakeable whisper of the desert wind . fade out . CUT to : int . back room - church at glenalla - day ( church organ over ) 155 in full dress uniform , Colonel sutch and General feversham work Harry over -- adjust he collar : general feversham all set ... look good . harry ( mock nautical ) aye , sir . general feversham that 's enough out of you ... as they shove he through the door -- turn back to sutch : harry by the way , I must remember to thank you ... ( pause ) for tell everyone I be dead . sutch I have never be so happy to be wrong in all my life . but I do what I think be right .. harry a terrible habit . ( beat ) raise all kind of hell ... as he head out through the door , with the organ playing : " the wedding MARCH ... " series of shot ( music over ) : 156 - the chapel : be fill with military men ; feversham family and friend ; Mrs. adair ; and a church full of local . - harry Pov - on ethne : walk down the aisle -- as beautiful as a bride can be . dissolve to : - harry and ethne : kissing at the altar -- join together as man and wife , as ... general feversham ( v.o. ) ( bellow ) officer ... CUT to : ext . church - after ceremony 157 angle on : the assemble military man -- in two line , lead from the church door : general feversham ( cont 'd ) ( bellow ) draw ... closeup : hand on hilt , as : general feversham ( bellow ) swooooords !!! two rows of sword be pulled and flourished -- into the AIR ! sunlight glint off the blade , the officer and former officer of the 1st battalion grenadier Guards form a canopy , beneath which ... harry and ethne : exit the church , arm -in - arm , to the cheer of they family and friend ... and the bitter - sweet tear of Mrs. adair . as they move down the step , beneath the ceremonial sword ... with a army band playing a rousing MARCH ... track down the line to reveal : the joyous face of General feversham , Colonel sutch , Colonel willoughby , and Captain trench . as they head turn to follow the lover ... continue tracking to reveal : a empty space -- amidst the row of officer , in honor of the miss durrance . track in toward that empty space , and rack beyond it to reveal : Harry and ethne , kissing for real ... at last . freeze frame . as the military MARCH plays on ; credit roll to ... the end .