the addam family by Larry Wilson and caroline Thompson rewrite by Paul rudnick base on the character of Charles addam shoot script April 11 , 1991 the addam family - 11/6/90 fade in : A1 ext . addam mansion front step - christmas eve A1 a group of caroler , they eager face upturn , sing a endless and cloying roundelay of " Little drummer Boy . " they sing with self - righteous good cheer . as they pompously begin they umpteenth verse , the camera slowly pan up the addam mansion -- past the black wreath on the front door , past break window , weather - beat shingles , a creak shutter . the camera continue to pan to the roof where the addam family member , gomez , morticia , granny , pugsley , wednesday , and lurch , they faithful butler , gleefully pour a cauldron of bubbling , steaming pitch over the edge . as the cauldron tip , the camera push inside , the blackness of the pitch fill the screen . title begin . dissolve to : 1 int . dim hallway - seven o'clock a.m. 1 c.u. a over - size " cuckoo " clock -- the clock be a perfect replica of the addam family house , down to the creak shutter . it chime the hour . in one window , a little mechanical gomez bend a mechanical morticia back until she 's almost off she foot and plant a kiss between she clockwork decolletage . one , two , three mechanical kiss , count toward seven o'clock . in another window , a mechanical pugsley hang a mechanical wednesday from a noose on a gallow , up and down . meanwhile , little burst of fog float off the rooftop where a little mechanical granny crank she fog machine . the front door of the house pop open , and a mechanical lurch appear and begin sweeping . just then , thing , the disembody hand with the full - body personality , climb into view over the back of the clock . thing leap to the floor and scamper down the hall . low tracking shot follow thing along the hallway . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/28/90 2. 1 continued : 1 he run past a couple of door , past a pair of legs in pajamas , foot in bedroom slipper . he skid to a halt and back track to the leg . he pull on the cuff of the pajama bottom . they belong to gomez , who stand in the doorway to a2 int . fester' room a2 Gomez wear a fez and a smoking jacket over he pajamas . even at this early hour , he puff on he trademark cigar . Gomez be all enthusiasm or all despair . at the moment , he radiate unfathomable woe . gomez think of it , thing . he 's be go for twenty - five year . for twenty - five year we have attempt to contact fester in the great beyond ... the room be a dusty , cobweb -fill , long - unoccupy shrine to Gomez 's lose brother , fester . Gomez drift in from the doorway . the room have remain untouched since fester 's disappearance as a teenager . the thick coating of dust and cobweb adorn the memento of a rapscallion 's youth - a football pennant from alcatraz , headless sport trophy , a high school photo with all the other student keep as much distance from fester as possible . as he lovingly and morosely survey the room : gomez ... and for twenty - five year , nothing . not a whisper , not a clue . I be beginning to think my my brother truly be lose . Gomez sigh . thing tug at he cuff , pull he towards the b2 int . hallway - same time b2 galloping ahead of Gomez , thing leap onto a old - fashioned door latch and the door swing open into 2 int . gomez and morticia' bedroom - same time 2 Gomez approach the bed . asleep on scarlet satin sheet be ... morticia ( continued ) the addam family - 11/28/90 3. 2 continued : 2 gomez ( gaze at morticia ) look at she -- I would die for she . I would kill for she . either way -- what bliss . low-voice , incisive , and subtle , with morticia , smile be rare . the ghostly whiteness of she complexion be offset by the red of the pillowcase upon which she hair be spread like a diabolic halo . a dark garbo , sultry and remote , she 's a ruin beauty . morticia open her eye . gomez ( adoringly ) unhappy , darling ? morticia ( passionately ) oh , yes , yes . completely . CUT to : a3 omitted a3 3 int . pugsley' room - same time 3 pugsley crouch on the floor , play with he kid-size chemistry set . the wall of he room be cover with road sign he 's collect -- " Bridge out ! " , " detour! excavation ahead ! " , " dangerous undertow ! " , " keep clear ! High voltage ! " sawed - off stop sign , still on they pole , be stack in the corner . in another corner stand a cylindrical floor-to-ceiling fish tank , filled with piranha . this tubby energetic monster of a nine- year- old boy have every chance of grow up to be the public monster he parent would be proud of . he mix chemical in a beaker . the brew steam . grin - ning wickedly , pugsley swallows it down . he contort , undergo the beginning of a transforma - tion , then shrink to the size of a mouse . laugh , he crawl out of he human-size pajamas . CUT to : 4 omitted 4 the addam family - 11/28/90 4. a5 int . attic - same time a5 solemn and mournful , ten -year - old Wednesday have black hair and white skin like she mother . she sit on a stool among the store addam ' family object , one end of a string tied to her tooth , the other tied to a trap door . the trap door be flung open , granny poke she head through . she 's a giggly hag who look like she be in the bathtub when the hairdryer fall in . Wednesday 's pull tooth swing at the end of the string . wednesday thank you , grandmama . in a foul mood , granny tromp up into the attic . granny you kid be go to have to kill you own breakfast this morning . Wednesday open a cigar box . Inside the box be assort human and animal tooth , fang and denture , along with a collection of glass eye . Wednesday drop she tooth in the box . CUT to : 5 omitted 5 a6 int . gomez and morticia' bedroom - same time a6 Gomez take morticia in he arm . as she languidly drape herself across he chest , she be catch in a sudden shaft of sunlight . she squint . on the bedside table beside she , morticia 's oversize carnivorous orchid wilt . morticia Gomez ... the sun ... il I perce comme un poignard . gomez ( wildly arouse ) tish ... that 's french ! morticia ( nonchalant ) oui . gomez Cara mia ! ( continued ) the addam family - 12/3/90 5 . a6 continued : a6 he kiss he way up to she neck , then , suddenly burst with enthusiasm and a sense of purpose , leap from the bed , draw he bedside saber from its sheath and brandishing it at the offend beam . gomez en garde monsieur sole ! he thrust and parry , pantomime a duel with the shaft of light . morticia Gomez ? gomez querida ? morticia last night , you be ... unhinge . you be like some desperate , howling demon . you frighten I . do it again . Gomez , instantly aflame . CUT to : 6 ext . rooftop - same time 6 granny deliver a swift kick to she fog machine . granny lousy bucket of bolt ...! the fog machine , straight out of a Jules verne nightmare , be malfunction this morning , struggle to churn out its patch of fog . CUT to : 7 int . / ext . morticia and gomez' bedroom - same time 7 at the window , Gomez poke he head out . in the background , morticia brushes she hair with a silver filigree brush . gomez ( disturb ) granny - where 's you fog ? ( continued ) the addam family - 11/28/90 5a . 7 continued : 7 from above the fog machine hurtle downward , miss decapitate Gomez by millimeter . it crash below , smash through the front porch roof . CUT to : 8 omitted 8 9 int . entrance hall - later 9 stand beside the front door be lurch , the gigantic family butler , a reanimate stitched - together behemoth . he hold two brown paper lunch bag in he enormous hand . the bag ' content wriggle , eager to escape . wednesday ( take she bag ) thank you , lurch . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/6/90 6 . 9 continued : 9 pugsley take he bag , open it , and peer inside . lurch growls , and pugsley close the bag . CUT to : 10 ext . balcony outside gomez and morticia' bedroom - 10 same time Gomez be hitting golf ball -- thing serve as he tee -- while morticia sip tea . 11 one of the golf ball 11 fly with incredible speed through the window of the addam ' only neighbor . this well - tend home sit on the hill overlook the addam ' mansion like some Republican sentinel . CUT to : 12 int . neighbor be home - same time 12 judge womack , the addam ' crusty patrician neighbor , be have he breakfast when Gomez 's golf ball land in he cornflake , shatter the bowl , cover he with milk . judge womack hurry to he break window , shaking he fist : judge womack damn you , addam ! CUT to : 13 ext . gomez and morticia' balcony - same time 13 from there vantage point -- it appear to Gomez and morticia that judge womack be wave to they . Gomez wave back . gomez ( call ) sorry about the window , judge ! keep the ball ! I have a whole bucketful . he hold up a bucket of golf ball . he toss he golfclub to thing , who deposit it in the golfbag . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/28/90 7. 13 continued : 13 Gomez join morticia watch the departing school bus . morticia the little one , off to school . bless they . gomez they grow up so fast , do not they ? morticia too fast . there Pov tire smoking , the school bus strain to chug down the road . gleefully hang from the rear bumper be pugsley , drag he heel . CUT to : a14 omitted a14 b14 int . the conservatory - later that morning b14 morticia , wear gardening glove , be snipping the blossom off she rose . Gomez sit at a table , play chess with thing . gomez it 's a milestone , tish . this very evening -- we twenty - fifth seance . all that year , gnaw by guilt , undone by woe , burn with uncertainty ... morticia ( yearningly ) oh Gomez , do not torture yourself . that 's my job . gomez ( lustfully ) tish ... morticia imagine , darling , if fester do come back . half -alive , barely human , a rotting shell ... gomez do not tease . CUT to : the addam family - 12/3/90 8. 14 ext . just outside the addam ' ground - same time 14 tully alford , the family attorney , and he wife , margaret , approach " gate , " a wringht - iron monstrosity that open of its own accord . though tully come here often and Margaret have be here before , they never cease to be startle by " Gate . " tully have a puffy , once handsome face , and a embitter grey aura that be the mark of a middle - age misspent . High -strung and superficial , Margaret be more disap - point in tully than he be in himself . Margaret pass through Gate first . then , as tully pass through , Gate slam on he , clipping he and catch the end of he coat . tully fight Gate for he coat . tully let I go ! ignoring tully , Margaret continue stiffly up the walk . tully ( to Gate ) gimme that ! stop it ! I be warning you ! it 's not a good day ! CUT to : a15 int . conservatory - same time a15 Gomez move a chess piece . thing gesture out the window . Gomez and morticia both look out . as they do , thing move two chess piece , cheating . morticia ( look out ) tully be here , darling . gomez please , Gordon , by all mean - go . sing. dance . date . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/12/90 85 . 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 fester ( come to he sense ) mother , I be ... I be so terribly sorry ... ( he kneel at she side ) it be just a party . it 's over . it mean nothing . that siamese twin , that hunchback , cousin it - they be not you . abigail ( clutching he savagely ) say it , Gordon . make I believe it . fester I love you . and I want money . abigail ( very no - nonsense ) we have get to find tully . CUT to : 114 int . ballroom - same time 114 morticia be look for she child . she discover pugsley asleep , curl up on the silver platter where the two - head pig lay . she find this enchant . Gomez enter . morticia shush he ; she point to the platter . morticia ( whisper ) look - we little boy . gomez ( whisper ) all tuckere out . morticia ( whisper ) so sweet . he look just ... like a little entree . pugsley wake up ; he look around . pugsley ( sleepy ) where ... where 's the party ? ( continued ) the addam family - 11/12/90 86 . 114 continued : 114 morticia it 's over , darling - have you see you sister ? pugsley not since before the mamushka . morticia Gomez ? gomez do not fret - we will find she . CUT to : 115 ext . addam yard - later 115 Gomez rally the family for the search . morticia wear a black cloak . granny have grab she divine rod . lurch distribute torch , then stand aside , await instruction . pugsley help Gomez unroll a ancient map of the area . gomez fan out . pugsley - head for the dung heap . mama and morticia - the shallow grave . I will take the abyss , and lurch - check the bottomless pit . morticia ( worried ) her favorite ... gomez ( call out ) fester !! fester ( o.s. ) up here . they look up at fester , look down at they from Wednesday 's window . gomez fester ! you take the ravine ! and the unmark , abandon well ! fester somebody should stay behind - in case she come back . gomez good man ! good think ! ( continued ) the addam family - 12/3/90 87 . 115 continued : 115 granny then who will take the swamp ? thing tug at the cuff of Gomez 's pants . Gomez nod . gomez that 's the spirit , thing - lend a hand ! let 's go ! they all sweep off , with Gomez in the lead . 116 int . wednesday' room - a short while later 116 fester be still at the window . abigail join he . there Pov spread far and wide over the grounds , the various member of the family search for Wednesday , tiny light aloft , call . abigail where the hell be tully ? they head out . CUT to : 117 omitted 117 118 int . den - a little later 118 fester and Virginia find ... tully - sit in a armchair , bask in the ray of sunshine that beam from a copy of " the Sun also rise . " tully smile at they . abigail what be you do ? tully relaxing . take a little sun . abigail have you go mad ? tully au contraire . tully close the book and smugly unfurl a legal document . CUT to : the addam family - 2/19/91 88 . 119 ext . swamp - middle of the night 119 thing hop lily pad , stop occasionally to quest the air for he mistress . CUT to : 120 ext . primeval forest adjacent to cemetery - middle of 120 the night torch aloft , pugsley search through the primeval forest . CUT to : 121 ext . neighborhood - middle of the night 121 lurch pick up a car -- look for Wednesday . CUT to : 122 ext . underground grotto - middle of the night 122 morticia and granny stand in the middle of the drip dankness . stalagmites . stalactites . granny 's torch cast scary shadow on the cave wall . granny ( call out ) Wednesday ! Wednesday ! morticia oh , mama , I be sure we would find she here . CUT to : 123 ext . cemetery - dark 123 Gomez reach a stately mausoleum at the far end of the cemetery . two proud marble vulture guard the entryway . Gomez lower the uplift claw of one of the vulture and the stone door slide open . he step into - a124 int . mausoleum - same time a124 Inside it be catacomb-like , fill with the bleach bone of the addam dead . Gomez 's torch cast shadow -- one of which belong to Wednesday , curl asleep on a stone sarcophagus . relieved to find she , Gomez approach quietly . he do not want to wake she up . he lift she tenderly in he arm . CUT to : the addam family - 2/15/91 89 . 124 ext . gate - darkness before dawn 124 Gate can not open . he rattles miserably on he hinge -- lock tight with heavy chain and yellow police tape - large " no trespassing !! court order !! addam family - keep out !! " sign be post on Gate 's rusty bar . pull back to reveal -- the family , appal at the sight of Gate . lurch carry the sleep Wednesday and pugsley . gomez what 's all this ? tully -- hurry down the walkway , wave he legal document . tully this be a restrain order , Gomez . gomez a restrain order ? tully it require you to keep a distance of one thousand yard from this house . you have get about nine hundred and ninety - nine yard to go - catch my drift ? gomez ( in disbelief ) I be restrain - from my own house !? tully not you house , moustache ! not any more ! it belong to the eldest live descendant , the older of the brother -- fester addam ! gomez but - this be lunacy ! morticia fester adore Gomez ! tully he 's afraid of he . see the twin bring it all back . ( to Gomez ) you be bitter rival , Gomez - always be , always will be ! ( continued ) the addam family - 2/15/91 89a . 124 continued : 124 gomez it 's not so ! that girl mean nothing - he know that ! I demand to see fester ! tully sorry - no can do . he 's very hurt - it 's not a good time . leave it alone . or better yet - just leave . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/22/91 90 . 124 continued : 124 Wednesday come forward , rub the sleep from she eye . wednesday but he be not even uncle fester . Gomez and morticia turn to look at she . gomez ( to he family ) do not fear - justic shall prevail . the court will decide ! ( fervently ) they say a man who represent himself have a fool for a client . well , with God as my witness - I be that fool ! CUT to : 125 omitted 125 a126 omitted a126 126 int . courtroom - day 126 c.u. gavel -- hammer on the judge 's bench . pull back to reveal -- judge womack be the preside judge . he hammer the bench again , then read he decision . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/26/91 91 . 126 continued : 126 judge womack give applicable standard of proof , the attempt to impugn this man 's character or question he identity have be woefully inadequate . it be with no small amount of personal satisfaction that I declare fester addam legal executor of the addam estate and rightful owner of all property and possession contain herein . Gomez addam ... ( he hold up a golf ball ) I believe this be yours . CUT to : 127 ext . addam mansion - day 127 the family member troop to the car with they few possession . gomez already sit in the passenger seat of the duesenberg , he coat drape over he shoulder as if he be a invalid , he head throw back . morticia carry out cleo , she carnivorous plant . granny carry she favorite cauldron , Wednesday one of she Marie antoinette doll , pugsley he chemistry set . lurch uproot he favorite tree and join the procession . thing follow , drag a toy wagon pack with he ring , he glove . CUT to : 128 omitted 128 129 ext . addam overgrown driveway - later 129 the duesenberg ease out of the driveway and onto the street , weighed down by lurch 's tree , stick out of the trunk . fester stand at a second story window , watch the car drive off . CUT to : the addam family - 11/28/90 92 . 130 ext . wampum court - later . 130 a two - story neon arrow point the way to this bungalow court -- Bright and awful ersatz western . log cabin of simulated wood surround the teepee - shape office . the addam ' duesenberg be park in front of the furthest cabin . the asphalt have be rip up in big chunks and lurch 's tree be park next to the addam ' new home . CUT to : 131 int . bungalow - same time 131 c.u. dressing table mirror morticia lean into frame . with a icepick and a hammer , she deftly make a large spidery crack in the round mirror . sigh deeply , she stand back to admire she handiwork . granny join she . granny I like it . her mother pat she consolingly . morticia just as long as we be together , n'est pas , mon cher ? as she turn to Gomez , we see the interior of the bungalow -- all ersatz cowboy and indian mix with chrome - plate plastic and orange shag carpet . gomez sit slump in a chair make from wagon wheel and nauga - hyde . it 's as if all of he insane , vibrant energy have be leech from he . he 's a break man . he look back at she as if he 's never hear french . gomez huh ? Wednesday tend to he . she and she mother exchange a worried look . pugsley come from the bathroom , nibble a wrap bar of motel soap . pugsley this place be not so bad . they even put candy in the bathroom . morticia that 's the soap , dear . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/20/90 93 . 131 continued : 131 pugsley oh . he take another greedy bite . Wednesday pat she father 's arm . wednesday do you want a cigar , Father ? gomez ( in a monotone ) they be very bad for you . wednesday ( very worried ) Father ? Wednesday exchange a panic-stricken look with morticia . the family move closer to Gomez . gomez but maybe I will have one of that ... he take a bar of soap from pugsley . Gomez unwrap it and morosely eat . CUT to : 132 omitted 132 132a int . addam mansion - midway to the vault 132a c.u. on three hand , as they reach up to pull three of the countless chain . CUT to : a133 ext . addam yard - midnight a133 the coal chute on the side of the house -- drop open , dump out fester , abigail , and tully - all of they wet and bedraggle and gasp for air . abigail ( to fester ) you be do this on purpose . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/20/90 94 . a133 continued : a133 they all struggle to they foot and march grimly back toward the door . CUT to : 133 int . wampum court bungalow - morning 133 Gomez be stretched out on the naked box spring of he bed -- the mattress push aside . a damp cloth cover he eye . thing massage he aching head . a bowl of motel soap be beside he . in contrast , morticia squarely face the crisis . she address the family from the head of the breakfast table , the want ad open on the table before she . morticia we be addamse , and we will not submit . who recall the fable of the tortoise and the hare ? the swift , yet lazy little cottontail , and he slow but determine companion ? what do that story teach we , as addamse ? granny kill the hare . skin it . boil it . wednesday put the tortoise on the highway . pugsley during rush hour . morticia yes ! we will survive ! poison we , strangle we , break we bone - we will come back for more . and why ? granny because we like it ! ( continued ) the addam family - 11/12/90 94a . 133 continued : 133 pugsley because we be addamse ! Gomez try to rouse himself . gomez ( out of it ) we be addamse ... he burp -- soap bubbles float from he mouth . CUT to : 134 ommitted 134 135 omitted 135 the addam family - 11/28/90 95 . 136 ext . sidewalk in front of the wampum court - day 136 Wednesday and pugsley have set up a lemonade stand , they contribution to the addam ' financial well - be . a array of poison be line up on they rickety table . they have slashed they price to a nickel per cup . the pitcher on the table before they steam . Cars speed by . carry a sample vacuum cleaner and a bucket , lurch come out of the motel courtyard . pugsley offer he a cup of punch . pugsley here , lurch . on the house . lurch downs it in a gulp and head off . feeling the effect of the lemonade , lurch burp -- a tongue of flame shoot from he mouth and incinerate a wooden indian advertising the wampum Court . CUT to : 137 omitted 137 138 int . employment agency 138 morticia be be interview by a personnel officer , a relentlessly perky gal with a clipboard . personnel officer we have so many homemaker re-enter the work force - you domestic skill can be very valuable . College ? morticia private tutor . personnel officer Major ? morticia spell and hexes . personnel officer ( knowingly ) liberal Arts . have you be a volunteer , pta , service organization ? morticia well , one day each week I visit death row at we local prison , with my child . ( continued ) the addam family - 4/03/91 96 . 138 continued : 138 personnel officer ( perplex ) with you child ? morticia autograph . personnel officer well , what about you husband ? be he currently employ ? morticia he 's ... he 's go through a bad patch at the moment . but it 's not he fault . personnel officer ( with some bitterness ) of course not . what be he - a loafer ? a hopeless layabout ? a shiftless dreamer ? morticia ( wistfully ) not anymore . the personnel Officer shoot morticia a doubtful glance , and begin rifling through she card file . CUT to : 139 int . addam live room - day 139 abigail and fester be seat at opposite end of the couch . fester stare off into space . abigail be go through a stack of colorful travel brochure . abigail the Mediterranean , the riviera - once we find the money , we will go everywhere . we will try again , right after lunch . Gordon - where should we go first ? fester ( sadly ) I do not know ... abigail acapulco ? Cancun ? ( she snap she finger in the air , castanet - style , try to be festive ) ariba ! ariba ! fester you choose . CUT to : the addam family - 4/03/91 a96a . a140 ext . wampum court - later that day a140 Wednesday and pugsley be at they lemonade stand . they be negotiate with a prissy little girl in a girl scout uniform . the girl scout carry several box of girl scout cookie . girl scout ( with grave doubt ) be this make from real lemon ? wednesday yes . girl scout I only like all - natural food and beverage . organically grow , with no preservative . be you sure they be real lemon ? pugsley yes . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/26/91 96a . a140 continued : a140 girl scout well ... I tell you what . I will buy a cup , if you buy a box of my delicious girl scout cookie . do we have a deal ? wednesday be they make from real girl scout ? CUT to : 140 ext . suburban house - day 140 White clapboard . geranium in the flower box . surrounded by a white picket fence . carry he sample vacuum cleaner and bucket , the tool of he new trade , lurch carefully open the little white gate . at the door , he ring the doorbell , afraid he might break something . a blonde housewife in tennis white , obviously in a hurry , open the door -- only to be greet by a bucketful of slop throw past she , onto she peach Oriental rug . she scream in horror , turn to challenge the perpetrator of this atrocity and , see lurch , scream again . in a panic , she try to slam the door on lurch , but , like the salesman 's manual undoubtedly advise , he stick he foot in the way . the door partially rip off its hinge . lurch step inside and shut the door as best he can . a moment pass . the door swing open and lurch exit , jauntily wave a check . CUT to : 141 omitted 141 142 omitted 142 &amp ; &amp ; 143 143 a144 omitted a144 b144 omitted b144 the addam family - 2/22/91 97 . 144 int . daycare CENTER - day 144 morticia be tell a story to a group of toddler , who have gather in a circle around she , sit on carpet square . the room be sunny and cheerful , with crayon drawing tape to the wall . morticia ... and so the witch lure hansel and gretel into the candy house , by promise they more sweet . and she tell they to look in the oven , and she be about to push they in , when , low and behold , hansel push the poor , defenseless witch into the oven instead . where she be burn alive , writhe in agony . now , boy and girl , what do you think that feel like ? after a beat , all the toddler begin to cry and wail . CUT to : the addam family - 11/20/90 98 . 145 omitted 145 through through 147 147 148 omitted 148 through through 152 omitted 152 a153 ext . wampun bungalow - day a153 granny hold a club behind she back as she stalk something . granny here kitty , kitty , kitty ... CUT to : 153 int . wampum bungalow - same time 153 eat compulsively form a box of mallomar , Gomez be still stretch out on the naked box spring . he stare vacantly at a game show on tv . " Jeopardy " be on . alex trebek ( read from the card ) monster of History for $ 200 . " he be know as the Butcher of bavaria . " gomez ( shout ) grandfather addam ! ( smack he forehead , hard ) damn ! not in the form of a question ! CUT to : a154 ext . bungalow - same time a154 granny , run now , club raise , hurry past the open window of the bungalow . she stop at the sight of Gomez inside , stand on the bed , stare at the television . c.u. on the tv set - Gomez be now watch geraldo rivera , host he tabloid style show . geraldo voodoo zomby - the stuff of legend , or a live nightmare ? do zomby really exist ? how be they make ? where can we find they ? call in with you comment . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/20/90 99 . a154 continued : a154 a call -in number be flashed on the screen . Gomez reach for the phone . CUT to : 154 int . addam mansion dine room - day 154 abigail and Gordon be seat at opposite end of the table , have lunch . it be very quiet . abigail after lunch , we will try again . fester ( very flat ) yes , mother . abigail we will find the money . and meanwhile , we have this little nest . quiet and cozy . without that dreadful family . fester yes , mother . abigail just the two of we , away from the world . we dream come true . fester yes , mother . as fester repeat " yes , mother " , in he drine , abigail mimic he , silently . CUT to : a155 int . bungalow - a hour later a155 c.u. on the tv screen . geraldo be talk to a woman in the studio audience . geraldo so you son be brainwash by voodoo slave master and force to recruit other . let 's take a call . gomez ( on the studio PA system ) geraldo ... geraldo ( cut he off ) Mr. addam , please stop call . we do not know where they meet . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/20/90 100 . a155 continued : a155 pull back to the motel room . Gomez let the phone drop . morticia , seat on the edge of the box spring , try to comfort he . pugsley , Wednesday and lurch be seat nearby , very worried about Gomez , as at a death watch . Gomez be now surround by junk food , and a mountain of junk food wrapper , bag and styrofoam container . ritually , as handmaiden , morticia bring Gomez the remote control for the tv , and Wednesday bring he a copy of tv guide . pugsley bring Gomez a bag of " dorito " , and lurch bring he a canister of " pringles " . Gomez use the remote to switch channel . a episode of " the cosby show " come on . gomez re-run . he switch off the set and stare at the blank screen . pugsley I do not understand . all he do be watch tv and eat . morticia I know - Gomez , let 's go for a drive . the whole family . gomez ( not even turn ) a drive ? and miss " matlock " ? granny open the door and stick she head in . granny dinner 's go to be late . she slam the door . we hear she whistling . granny ( o.s. ) here , boy . here , boy . CUT to : the addam family - 2/7/91 100a . a155a int . wampum court - later a155a * morticia be put Wednesday to bed . wednesday if that man be not uncle fester , then who be he , mother ? morticia I do not know , darling . I wish I do . wednesday why be that lady do all this ? morticia it 's hard to say . sometimes people have have terrible childhood . and sometimes they just have not find they special place in life . and sometimes they be dog from hell and must be destroy . morticia kiss Wednesday and she close she eye to go to sleep . CUT to : the addam family - 4/03/91 101 . b155 int . wampum - middle of the night b155 the family sleep - all but morticia . she sit up in bed beside Gomez . she look around at she family . Wednesday sleep in the same bed as granny . lurch be flat out on the floor . pugsley use he for a mattress , and thing use pugsley . pugsley snore the inhale part of a snore , lurch groan the exhale part , and thing punctuate by wiggling . morticia stare down at Gomez - for a long beat . she stroke he hair lovingly . full of resolve , she get out of bed . CUT to : ac155 int . fester' bedroom - night ac155 * fester be lie in bed , the cover around he chin . abigail sit on the bed beside he , tucking he in . abigail I know why you have be so glum . it 's because it 's take we a little longer than we would hope to find the gold . be not that right ? fester turn away , depressed . abigail of course it be . well , do not you worry - we be right on the verge . tomorrow , for certain , my darling . ( she kiss he on the forehead , and stand . she go to the door , and turn ) you know , some people might think it 's strange , for a mother and son to be so close . I think it 's beautiful . do not you , Gordon ? fester mumble something , under he breath . abigail ( very stern ) what ? fester ( dutifully ) yes , mother . it 's beautiful . ( continued ) the addam family - 4/03/91 102. ac155 continued : ac155 abigail ( instantly very sweet , dabbing she eye with a fingertip ) look - I be weep . abigail exit . the minute the door shut , fester get out of bed . he be fully clothed . he go to the window , and begin to climb out . CUT to : c155 ext . bungalow - later c155 morticia , fully dress , wear she cloak , head off down the walk . unseen by she , thing trail after . CUT to : d155 ext . gate - a little later d155 morticia , just outside Gate , struggle to get it open , thing clutching the bar , also attempt to block she way . morticia stop it , you two . morticia break free of thing . CUT to : e155 ext . addam mansion - a little later e155 tully open the front door . he smile maliciously at the sight of morticia on the stoop . morticia I would like to speak with fester . tully step aside . tully we have be expect you ... morticia cross the threshold . CUT to : f155 omitted f155 the addam family - 2/19/91 103. 155 ext . intersection at the foot of the addam hill - night 155 thing do he damnedest to flag down any of the few oncoming car . he wave to no avail , dance around in frustration , then try hitchhiking , stick out he thumb . a pass car splashes he with mud . screw up he courage , in a kamikaze leap , he grab ahold of the bumper of the next car that come along and hang on for dear life as the car speed down the street . CUT to : 156 int . study - a little later 156 morticia be now stretch out on the torture rack . fester and tully be secure she hand and foot , under abigail 's supervision . fester seem tear , agitate , upset . morticia ( to abigail , graciously ) you be a desperate woman , consume by greed and infinite bitterness . ( a beat ) we could have be such friend . abigail I do not think so . the vault , Mrs. addam - any thought ? morticia ( sweetly , to abigail ) despite everything , I do not hate you . I pity you . persecution , fiendish torture , inhuman depravity - sometimes it 's just not enough . abigail Gordon - let 's get start . fester but , mother ... abigail stop stalling ! fester I be not stalling ! stop badger I ! abigail ( push fester aside ) tully , take over ! tighten it ! ( continued ) the addam family - 2/19/91 103a . 156 continued : ( 2 ) 156 tully I would love to , you know that , but - I have get this stomach thing . when I torture people . it 's just I . abigail ( shove tully toward the rack ) do it ! tully ( to morticia , politely ) where 's you bathroom ? abigail now ! tully shut he eye and tighten the rack . morticia 's bone make a horrible popping , stretching SOUND . she moan , rather sensually . abigail again ! tully tighten the rack again . more bone - popping noise . morticia moan again , even more orgasmically . abigail tighter ! tully tighten the rack a third time . bone - popping noise . morticia moan , very voluptuously . she open she eye . she sigh , in afterglow . she glance at tully . morticia ( to tully , flirtatiously ) you have do this before . CUT to : the addam family - 2/19/91 104 . 157 ext . wampum court - night 157 a hand possess , thing race up the driveway , raise dust as he go . 158 ext . bungalow - night 158 thing leap dramatically onto the porch , then stop dead to knock on the cabin door . after a beat : gomez ( o.s. ) who be it ? we be pay through Thursday . he open the door . thing rush in . CUT to : 159 int . bungalow - minute later 159 thing skitter on the kitchen counter , frantically signing . in the background , the rest of the family sleep . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/26/91 105 . 159 continued : 159 gomez ( whisper ) slow down , thing ! it 's terrible when you stutter ! frustrate , thing grab a spoon and begin tapping out morse code . gomez morticia in danger ... stop ! send help at once ... stop ! thing flop down in exhaust triumph . Gomez grab he and head off . CUT to : 160 omitted 160 161 int . gomez' study - a few minute later 161 morticia be now lash to a enormous torture wheel . tully and abigail be tend the stick branding irons stick in the roaring fire . fester ( to abigail ) you can not ! not with red- hot poker ! tully ( queasy ) be this gonna smell ? morticia ( graciously , with understanding ) tully Alford - charlatan . deadbeat . parasite . how Gomez adore you . tully well , not enough . fester morticia , please ... morticia dear fester - or whomever you be . which be the real you - the loathsome , under- hand monster you have become ? or the loathsome , underhanded monster we come to love ? fester ( desperately ) do not ask I ... ( continued ) the addam family - 4/03/91 105a . 161 continued : 161 morticia fester - I see you tonight , at my window . I know it be you . abigail ( furious ) Gordon ? fester ( very upset ) I be ... restless ! I could not sleep . abigail Gordon , I have a think . just a notion , top of my head . tell I what you think . since you and Mrs. addam be so very close ... abigail take a red-hot poker out of the fire and hand it to fester . abigail ... be my guest . CUT to : the addam family - 11/17/90 106 . 162 omitted 162 through through 164 164 a165 int . duesenberg - night a165 Gomez cut the engine . the car glide silently through Gate -- who open uncharacteristically without a creak . Gomez stop the car and skulk out . thing skulk after he . Gomez see the reflection of the roaring fire through the study window . CUT to : 165 int . study - same time 165 as fester take the poker and approach morticia - gomez crash through the window , in a back -flip . thing judo -flip in after Gomez . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/15/91 107 . 165 continued : 165 gomez Cara mia ! morticia mon cher ! abigail addam ! thing toss Gomez a saber off the study wall . tully also grab a saber , and approach Gomez from behind . morticia darling , take care ! without even look , Gomez parry tully 's blow from behind . then he whirl on tully . gomez dirty pool , old man . never again ! tully this be for keep , Gomez ! not just doubloon ! tully feint , then slashes - shredd the front of Gomez 's jacket . gomez one for you , tully , and ... Gomez attack - he blade flashing like lightning . in a blur of action , tully 's sword be knock from he hand and he 's send tumble backwards , finally landing on he knee . gomez ... one for I ! tully look up at Gomez with cowardly , plead eye . tully Gomez ... it 's tully . I be you lawyer . I be on retainer . abigail ( o.s. ) let he up ! Gomez turn to see ... ( continued ) the addam family - 12/3/90 108. 165 continued : ( 2 ) 165 abigail - who now have a pistol aim at morticia . one shot and morticia will die horribly . Gomez throw aside he sword . tully scramble to he foot . abigail ( to Gomez ) that 's right ! now get move - addam , take he to the vault . and if you be not back in one hour ... ( the pistol aim at morticia , and use she accent ) I displace she . Gomez be near enough now to take morticia 's hand , on the torture wheel . gomez tish - see you like this . my blood boil . morticia as do mine . gomez ( touch the torture wheel ) this wheel of pain ... morticia we wheel . cu on fester , confuse at watch this emotional display . gomez ( to morticia ) to live without you - only that would be torture . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/15/91 109 . 165 continued : ( 3 ) 165 morticia ( to Gomez ) a day alone - only that would be death . Gomez kiss morticia 's hand . abigail knock it off ! the vault , addam - right now ! fester but , mother can not we ... Gomez reach for the book that will open the secret panel : abigail can it , Gordon ! stop drag you foot ! you disgust I - you be nothing but a useless , snivelling baby ! a stone around my neck ! what be I think - I should have leave you where I find you ! at abigail 's final word , fester suddenly leap forward . fester no trick , Gomez ! that 's the wrong book ! close up Gomez 's hand be on the right book , " greed , " but fester stop he from pull it . fester allow I ... Gomez look into fester 's eye -- realize what he 's about to do . gomez ( murmure ) good show , old man ... fester reach for a different book -- " Hurricane irene : nightmare from above . " see the title of the book , tully suddenly panic : ( continued ) the addam family - 3/18/91 110 . 165 continued : ( 4 ) 165 tully put that book down , Gordon ! you do not know what it can do ! it 's not just literture ! fester ( advance on tully ) oh , really ? tully I be you friend , Gordon - think of the doubloon ! fester they be not yours , tully ! back off ! angle on Gomez , release morticia from the torture wheel . morticia quickly , my darling ! he help she down from the wheel . gomez leather strap , red-hot poker ... morticia later , my dearest . angle on fester , face off with abigail , as tully cower . abigail keep the book close , Gordon - listen to mother ! fester I will never listen to you - not ever again ! abigail I have to be strict with you - because I care ! put it down ! fester you never really love I ! angle on Gomez and morticia , near the bookcase . gomez come , my love - to safety ! morticia but what of fester ? ( continued ) the addam family - 2/28/91 110a . 165 continued : ( 5 ) 165 gomez ( call out , to fester ) Old man , this way ! angle on abigail and fester . abigail stop whining , you little good - for-nothing ! be a man ! fester you be a terrible mother ! there , I say it ! fester open the book , and blast tully out of the window . then he blast abigail out as well . angle on gomez , who have now pull the right book , " greed " , to open the bookshelf . amid the storm , he be lead morticia behind the bookshelf . he try to hold the bookshelf open for fester to follow , fight the gale force wind . gomez ( call out to fester ) Old man ! this way ! angle on thing , across the room , struggle across the floor toward the bookshelf . thing fight the wind , which pelt he with papers and other fly debris . Gomez can no longer fight the storm , and the bookshelf slam shut . fester desperately try to close the book to quell the storm , but a huge bolt of lightning zap he . he fall to the floor , with electricity coursing through he . move in on the storm raging within the page of the book , then - fade to black fade in on : 166 omitted 166 through through 169 169 170 omitted 170 171 omitted 171 through through 173 173 the addam family - 2/28/91 110b . 174 ext . addam mansion , next october - night 174 a group of little child approach the front door . there be a hand - lettere sign on the door read " halloween OPEN house . " the child be dress in traditional Halloween costume - there 's a witch , a ghost , a skeleton , etc. , and they all carry trick - or- treat bag . they giggle and chatter . one of the child be push forward , and he knock on the front door . as the door open , the child chant : child trick or ... they freeze in mid-chant . we do not see who have open the door , but the child do . after a beat , they scream in horror and run , terrify , back toward the street . CUT to : the addam family - 12/3/90 111. 175 int . front hall - same time 175 lurch be close the front door , look puzzle . the family be busily decorate the house for they annual Halloween festivity . all the decoration be elegant yet ancient , dusty and fade . the crystal glove in the chandelier have be replace by miniature jack o- lantern . skeleton , each wear a top hat , hang from the sconce by the noose around they neck . there be cluster of black and orange balloon , cover with cobweb . uncle fester and thing be drape the banister and stairway railing with a garland make from crepe paper , dead branch and spanish moss . skull , each hold a candle , be scattered about , on the stair and the furniture . a stuff , life -size scarecrow lean against the stairway , with a pitchfork through its throat . a banner on the wall read " happy halloween " , and the letter drip with blood . Gomez hang upside down from the balcony . morticia hand he a decoration . granny appear from the kitchen , carry a tray of food . granny well , it 's they loss . I even make finger sandwich . perched on fester 's shoulder , thing shake in fear . fester ( petting thing ) oh , calm down . pugsley ( o.s. ) here we come ! Wednesday and pugsley come down the stair . Wednesday be dress in she usual style , but pugsley be dress as a tiny version of uncle fester , complete with bald head and greatcoat . the adult be delighted . Gomez flip down onto he foot . gomez pugsley , old man ! morticia ( delighted ) look at you . pugsley ( to uncle fester ) how do you like it ? fester be very touch ; he pick pugsley up . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/15/91 111a . 175 continued : 175 fester what can I say ? he 's go to break heart . gomez let 's get a picture ! lurch ? morticia oh yes - in the de . ( continued ) the addam family - 11/20/90 112. 175 continued : 175 everyone start to move toward the de . there be a knock on the door . everyone turn . lurch open the door . stand outside be Margaret and cousin it . Margaret be dress as a fairy princess , complete with wand . cousin it wear a cowboy hat , a bandanna and a holster . Margaret be radiant , obviously very much in love . margaret trick or treat ! cousin it ooot oot glibber . gomez look , everyone ! we have guest ! morticia hello , Margaret . cousin it - I almost do not recognize you . margaret be not he handsome ? everyone keep ask where he buy he costume . gomez ( admiringly ) it be a wonderful hat . margaret ( to Wednesday ) and what be you , darling ? where 's you costume ? wednesday ( solemnly ) this be my costume . I be a homicidal maniac . they look just like everyone else . CUT to : 176 int . dine room - a few minute later 176 fester and pugsley be pose at one end of the room . lurch have set up a easel and canvas ; he be painting fester and pugsley 's portrait . Gomez and Wednesday be sit on the floor amid newspaper , carve a pumpkin . morticia be knitting . Margaret and cousin it sit together , hold hand . granny bring people cup of steaming punch , from a punch bowl . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/19/91 113. 176 continued : 176 fester Halloween - it 's such a special time . ghost and goblin . Witches on broomstick . wednesday Children begging in the street . fester I be so glad I can share this night with my family - my real family . now that I have get my memory back . morticia that unfortunate woman . fill with evil . ( shaking she head , sadly ) but not enough . pugsley ( to fester ) she be not you mother . she just say that . cousin it ooot oot gleep . gomez ( to it ) you remember , old sport - she really do find he tangle in a tuna net , twenty - five year ago . with amnesia . wednesday from the bermuda triangle . cousin it ooot oot oot . morticia how true . Stranger thing have happen . margaret I be sorry , and I be not bitter , but I blame tully . cousin it ooot blipper gleep . margaret ( the coquette ) oh , stop . I be blush . ( continued ) the addam family - 2/19/91 113a . 176 continued : 176 granny ( to fester ) thank God for that lightning . knocked some sense into you . pugsley please , uncle fester ? gomez ( jovially ) pugsley ... ( continued ) the addam family - 2/19/91 114. 176 continued : ( 2 ) 176 pugsley for the picture ? fester pop a light bulb into he mouth . it light . pugsley giggle . Gomez stand up , have finish the pumpkin . he place it on a table , and light the candle inside . the pumpkin glow . it have one eye in the middle of its forehead . everyone ooh and ahh . fester you know , all the old say be true . there 's no place like home . and blood be thicker than water . morticia and just as refresh . gomez all right , everybody - time for a game ! what shall it be - bob for apple ? margaret charade ? cousin it ooot glibber glip . morticia of course - " wake the Dead . " fester ( delighted , to Gomez remember this childhood favorite ) " wake the Dead " ! gomez ( equally excited ) " wake the Dead " ! out to the cemetery ! come on , everyone ! everyone start to exit , chatter happily . margaret ( to granny ) I have never play this before - how do it go ? granny do you bring a shovel ? ( continued ) the addam family - 3/18/91 114a . 176 continued : ( 3 ) 176 pugsley uncle fester , will you be on my team ? wednesday no , mine ! fester ( to Wednesday ) I tell you what - we will give you a head start . Three skull and a pelvis - how 's that ? pugsley and Wednesday cheer and run out . fester face Gomez . fester my own dear brother - who could be more precious ? gomez blood be thicker than water , old man . morticia ( touch by the brother devotion ) and just as refresh . Gomez offer he hand . fester take it , in a manly handshake . gomez let we never be parte . fester let we always be as one . fester flip Gomez in a judo flip . Gomez land - at the foot of a glass display case . the camera pan up the case . it contain abigail and tully , expertly mounted and stuffed . fester rise , dusting himself off . fester ( joyfully , to Gomez and morticia ) come on ! morticia we will catch up . fester run out . CUT to : the addam family - 3/18/91 115-117 . 177 omitted 177 178 int . front hall 178 everyone be go . morticia and Gomez have drift into the front hall ; they be move toward the front door . morticia ( deeply satisfied ) we family ... what be they ? gomez oh , tish - what a night . everyone -- together at last . what more could we ask ? morticia Gomez ? morticia hold up the garment she 's be knitting - it 's a baby jumper with three legs . gomez ( ecstatic ) Cara mia ... be it true ? morticia ( shaking she head " yes " ) oui , mon cher ... they embrace , as the front door swing OPEN , of its own accord . CUT to : 179 ext . addam mansion - same time 179 morticia and Gomez be silhouett in the doorway . there be a full moon . in the distance , a wolf howl . wispy ghost flit through the night sky . a human scream be hear , follow by granny 's cackle . in the cemetery , torch be see , like firefly . fade out . the end