the number 23 a original screenplay write by Fernley Phillips November 4 , 2002 fade in : ext . marsh - dead of night a signpost read : " the step to heaven . " below it , another add : " warning : unsafe footing . don't stray off the path . " Beyond they , stepping stone disappear into darkness . the wind pick up as we head into the marsh . listen to it . it carry indistinct , troubled whisperings . a dog , a 95 - lb pit bull , 90 of which be pure terrifying muscle , sit on a stone halfway across . a antique silver collar glint around its neck and its eye ... its eye be a black , bottomless void . the whisper swirl around it , get louder and louder , and more and more troubled ... dissolve to : a red screen . odd ... -.. it seem alive . move . flow . walter ( v.0o . ) " you can call I fingerling . it 's not my real name , but come from a book I read as a child , ' fingerling at the Zoo . ' Paper flap long go , it have a green , hardback cover and mottle texture , and be possibly my very first book . funny , I can not recall what it be about , the only thing I remember be the name . ' fingerling . ' I wish it be mine . now it be , '' wider angle : walter sparrow lie on he back in a cobblestone road , stare at the blood seeping from he head . as we pull up nlook down on walter ) , we might notice the specific path he blood have choose through the cobblestone , pathway that depict a number ... ... the number 23 . super up : february 10 suddenly , the screen blur as image { the movie in reverse flash past super fast -mo . the date count down , stop at : super up : february 3 normal speed : a woman walk she bulldog down a STREET . she stop for some aimless window shopping . a cat meow . the dog turn and stare . the woman move on but the dog will not budge . she tug on the leash . it growls . she follow its stare to walter , sit in a truck , half - eat pastrami sandwich in hand . he 's stare right back at the dog . walter meow . the dog bark . the woman , shocked , notice the word " animal control officer " engrave on the truck 's side . suddenly fearful , she check she leash and pull the dog away . walter meow once more , then chuckle and resume he lunch . int , truck - late afternoon stuck in traffic . the dashboard clock read 4:58 p.m . walter 's cb radio crackle into life . a female voice : radio unit 5 , come in . we have a u.s.s . walter stare at the clock . it click to 4:59 . walter ( v.0 . ) I would never think much about destiny , but , maybe this be mine . then again , thing do not really start here ... the screen blur once more as we fast -mo back in time to : super up : december 23 ( 43 day earlier ) normal speed : light flash on a stun christmas tree , we be in a hallway at evening - time . walter stare into a tinsel - edge , snow - dust mirror , uncomfortable in suit and tie . robin sparrow , walter 's son and best friend , come upstairs , juggling . . walter how do I look ? robin the truth ? walter be you kid ? robin you look great . walter thank you . int . bedroom - evening walter speak to the bathroom door : walter how be we do in there ? the door open . agatha sparrow blow into a tissue , she red eye and runny nose fail to diminish she sexiness . she 's in she underwear . walter I see . agatha I think you may be go alone . {a beat ) do you hate I ? walter nlook she up and down ) as much now as the day I meet you . he fondle she neck , give she goose bump . all this year of marriage and she still get the bump . agatha I might be contagious . walter I might be immune . his hand move lower . agatha what about the party ? walter like anyone 's go to miss I . agatha what about the cake ? walter ( v.o. } I would like two word on my tombstone : " what if ? " int . truck - night walter pass drunk yuletide reveler . a large cake BOX be on he passenger seat . walter ( v.0o . ) what if I would say screw the cake ? ext . STREET - night snowflake be fall as walter walk past carol - singers , cake in arm . he enter a pub , the " man' best friend . " int . " man' best friend " - private function room - night the local aco 's Christmas party . a small band ( each member dress like Father Christmas ) set up . walter add the cake ( a dalmatian pup in Santa hat ) to the table . sybil , a aging man-eater with too much make - up and well - endow bosom barely contain by a red dress , sidle up . sybil single tonight , walter ? she pull a sprig of mistletoe from the depth of she bosom . walter ( v.0o . ) what if agatha have come ? later - the dance floor be where it 's happen . alcohol have be consume . walter sit alone with a slice of cake . sybil drag he onto the floor and throw she arm around he . her clutch tighten . she whisper into he ear . he stare at she , horrify . she whisper again . he break away . walter ( v.o. ) what if I would only be a bit more ... walter sybil , I - - { the song ends} -- would not " wag my tail " with you in the cloakroom if I be in heat and you be the last " bitch " on Earth . everyone stop and stare . stare become laugh and snigger . walter ( v.o. ) ... tactful ? quieter , even ? int . truck - late afternoon ( february 3 ) walter stare at the clock . sybil' voice do you read I , unit 5 ? I repeat , we have a undesirable scavenger sighting . walter sparrow , I know you be there . he grab the radio . walter it 's one minute to five , sybil ! int . aco hq - same sybil man the dispatch . sybil then we be agree : you be still on duty . happy fuck birthday . ext . wanton pleasure restaurant - evening a undesirable part of Chinatown . int . wanton pleasure - evening a old chinese man lead walter via the kitchen to the back door . he nod at it , afraid . walter push it open . grrr . ext , wanton pleasure - evening walter strap on protective sleeve . he pull a muzzle and flashlight from he truck , then a dog pole . test it . it work . he check the time . mutter . ext . alleyway - evening the only work street lamp flicker and die . walter flip on the flashlight . a sign read : dead end . he point the beam to the end : a rag , brick wall . no dog . a line of dumpster provide plenty of lurking space . walter inch down , pole at the ready , like a cop . he near the end . stop . walter meow . grrr . he smile . move onward , the pit bull ( see earlier ) wait between two dumpster . it bare its tooth , eye drip with evil , glint in the light . walter man 's best friend , my ass . 6 . walter switch the flashlight to wide beam and put it down . he extend the pole and step forward . walter come to daddy . the dog snarl , back against the wall , and bark . walter feisty little foe , be not you ? perhaps you would like to hear a story ? he recount the follow in loving style , add subtle gesture , luleing the curious canine into a false sense of security . ( part of this shall be animated ) walter once upon a time there live a dog . now this dog lead a life of terror , fear no one , but over time he realize , though he tooth be sharp and belly full , he heart be empty . he want a friend . he start inching strategically forward . walter alas , all the other animal fear this four- legge fiend so he set off , journey this way and that , to land far , far away , hope to find someone who know not of he reputation . one day he happen upon a small , wooden shack with a smokeless chimney above . he suspend the pole above the dog . walter the door hang open and inside sit a old , thin man . his lonely eye match the dog 's heart and when he beckone it in the dog be overjoy . that night , smoke drift out the chimney , but oh , what odd - smell smoke this be . you see , the land be China , and in China ... in one swift movement , walter whip the pole down , the draw string fall around the dog 's neck . he yank it tight . walter ...- they eat dog ! the dog snarl and bark . walter pull out the muzzle and wait . his prisoner calm . walter the moral of this story , you ask ? he stroke the dog 's head . a name tag dangle from its collar . walter stay out of goddamn Chinatown , my dear ... he turn the tag over . walter - ned . ned clamp its tooth over he arm . walter howl . ned will not let go . he loosen the draw string . ned release he jaw , tug he head free and bolt . blood seep through walter 's sleeve . ext . STREET - evening walter storm out of the alley , see ned fifty yard away , stare at he . walter so you do not like my story , huh ? Fine . I can take criticism . he throw he stuff in the truck and pull out a tranquilizer gun . load it . Marches towards he foe . ned run . walter run after he . ext . cake shop - evening agatha lock up for the night and hurry off . intercut : walter chasing ned / agatha waiting for walter -- ned bound into a university car park , wait for walter to catch up , then bound off again , like he 's play a game . -- agatha browse stall in a quaint market square , trader be pack up for the day . -- ned race down a street , stop in front of a light blue apartment build . walter approach . ned race off . ~- agatha wait beneath a lamppost , the market now a ghost town . -- walter approach ned , wait for he in front of a bus . the bus suddenly pull away revealing a road sign for " casanova's park . " ned race off . 8 . -~ agatha check the time . shiver . glance about the square at the shop around the perimeter . ~~ ned pause at the foot of a steep flight of step . check walter be still in pursuit . he be . -~ agatha browse aisle in a secondhand bookstore . a book fall off a shelf right in she path , startling she . ext . STREET - evening walter turn a corner , puffing , and fall to he knee . ned stand a few yard away , beside the pink neon sign of " the shell '' HOTEL ( though the ' S ' of Shell be unlit so the name appear " hell " ) . a board read : " vacancy . " walter I will give you Hell , alright . ( aim ) sweet dream , furball . ned run into the road . a car blast its horn , screech to a halt . it move on . the road ... walter ( v.o. ) there be so many what if . ... be empty , ned stare at he from a church across the street , it bark . enter the graveyard . ext . graveyard - evening walter follow he prey down row after row of grave . walter go ahead , buddy . choose you spot . ned head to a isolated grave , disappear behind the gravestone . walter approach . take a deep breath . spin around the grave , gun at the ready . ned .. , ... be nowhere to be see . walter , puzzle , look about . he glance at the grave . it belong to a " LAURA tollins . " the wind pick up . leave blow across the ground . in the distance , against the setting SUN , he see the silhouette of a man . watch he . ext . market square - night walter enter , bandaging he arm . he look once to he leave , once to he right , then leave again , search for agatha . he 9 . see a secondhand bookstore , " a novel fate . " walk up . peer in the window . walter ( v.0 . ) what if . the only thing I know for sure be , i_was late . that 's all it take . agatha be inside . she 's read a book . int . " a novel fate " used bookstore - night walter rant to agatha . walter ... the fucker be call " ned . " ned for chrissake ! know why someone call a ninety - five pound pit bull ned ? nasty evil Dog , that 's why . well , next time I see it it 's gonna be nedd -- ( pronounce second D ) -- nasty evil Dead Dog . I be tell ya , that mangy little sucker have ' horse feed ' write all over it and that 's nothing compare to what I will do if I ever meet the cretin who -- agatha put she finger over he lip . agatha shush . take a deep breath . it 's you birthday , remember ? walter I have be think about that . how come we go to see you friend on my birthday ? agatha because you do not have any . walter try , but can not really argue with that . walter so : older , bitten , spend a evening in hell ... ( point to she book ) ... I suppose I be buy that for you , too ? agatha I think you might be , yes . he take it from she . the tatter cover read : io . " the number 23 " a novel of obsession by topsy krett walter hardly the most imaginative of title . what be it , part of a series ? agatha it 's good . you should try it . walter book -- agatha -- be for people with no imagination of they own . I know . you do not know what you be miss . walter and yet , life go on . ext , residential STREET - night walter and agatha walk along , hand in hand . ( still image may accompany the following dialogue ) walter ( v.0 . ) February 3rd . that make I Aquarius , one of the most innovative sign of the zodiac , a collective characterize by a acrobatic mind , a visionary , occasionally rebellious nature , a genius border on insanity , able to meet any challenge . remember Thomas Edison ? Charles darwin ? rasputin ? Jules verne ? that be not all . expert say aquarian be philanthropist . Love be they drive force . Friends be vitally important . they reach a house with balloon tie to the front gate , all paint to look like variation of walter . walter scowl . walter { v.o. ) I , be live proof of the fallacy of astrology . agatha drag he through the gate . int . house - front door - night isaac french , dash in a tuxedo , open the door . watch carefully and you will notice he pay a little too much attention to agatha . 11 . agatha sorry we be late , Isaac . isaac nothing a kiss will not cure . he offer he cheek to she . she kiss he . isaac how 's the arm , birthday boy ? walter just wait for it to drop off . isaac good job it do not bite you somewhere else then , eh ? int . live room - night evidence of several party game have be play ( pin the tail on the donkey , indoor hoopla , etc ) be visible . agatha plus twenty of she bookish friend , all wear party hat , pay close attention to Isaac -- act the total host and just finish explain the next game to they . a skeleton sit in the corner . it also wear a party hat . isaac do anyone have any question ? how about you , walter ? walter sit in a armchair pick at the remain crumb of he birthday cake , a pile of weird and wonderful gift beside he . walter you be go to hand out that little card you be hold , all of which be blank except for one say ' murderer 's and another say ' detective . ' then you be go to turn out the light and we all roam about the house in the dark try not to break anything , and not own up if we do , until the person with the ' murderer ' card ' kill 's one of we . the victim should then move away from the killer before waking the neighbor with a ear-splitt scream , at which point the light will come on and , assume the police do not arrive , we all start guess who the killer be . 12 . isaac sound like someone have play before . he hand out the card . isaac everyone ready ? people nod . Isaac walk to a fusebox in the hallway . all the light go out and suddenly we be play ... ..- murder in the dark ! we see various shot of shadow roam through the house , accompany by the usual giggle / apologies / gasp as people bump into each other . agatha slip inside a bedroom and safely watch the going - on through a crack in the door . suddenly we hear : a whisper I do not think hide out in the bedroom be quite in the spirit of the game . agatha turn around , whisper back : agatha who 's that ? a whisper who do you want it to be ? agatha 's hand fumble over someone 's face . agatha walter ? the whisper and face do indeed belong to walter . agatha oh God , I be sorry . I have no idea he be plan a game night . what be you do in here , anyway ? walter oh , you know , I think I would sneak into a bedroom and see if I get lucky . agatha and do you ? 13. walter I certainly do . he start to kiss she face . agatha who do you think the killer be ? walter do you care ? he kiss she again . this time she respond . the kiss quickly grow in intensity walter run he hand over agatha 's body , work he way over she breast to she neck , continue on up to she ear before descend back down to she neck . then , very slowly , walter start to squeeze ... agatha mmm ... walter sparrow ... it 's soft and sensual and utterly sexy . or at least , that 's how it start out . but walter 's grip get tighter and tighter . agatha 's eye open . she try to scream but he mouth be press to hers . walter 's eye snap open ... which be when agatha realize ... ext . the sparrow home - night walter and agatha walk to the front door , arm in arm . walter open the door , be about to step inside when ... in the live room - robin' head pop up from the couch . a girl head follow it up . walter ( to agatha ) remember the day we use to go for late night walk in the moonlight ? agatha there 's no moon tonight . she move to the door . walter take she hand . walter we can take advantage of the darkness . agatha someone already do . 14. she again try to reach the door . walter prevent she . he nod to a hammock on the verandah and wink . walter remember that day , too ? agatha walter , it 's freezing out here . what 's get into you tonight ? walter I just think , see as it be my birthday , and we have just spend the evening -- agatha -- I will get a blanket . walter no ! I mean , there 's one in the truck . agatha you be give I a dog blanket ? walter take my coat . agatha you will freeze to death . walter not if someone keep I warm . agatha smile . walter wrap he coat around she and they sit . agatha I can not believe you kill I . walter it be fun . the look on you face ... agatha at least you get some interesting gift . that commemorative silver dollar from Fred , for example -- walter -- I do not need a hobby , aggie . I have you . agatha snuggle up to he . agatha how 's it feel ? 15 . walter to be a cold - blooded killer ? ( look around ) strangely familiar . agatha I mean , to be another year older . walter oh , devastate . agatha really ? walter but it 's -- ( imitate Isaac ) -- nothing a kiss will not cure . he offer he cheek to agatha . she dig he in the rib then kiss he . the front door open . Robin poke he head out . he 's in he pajamas and robe . robin Mom ? dad ? I think I hear voice . agatha if someone be in bed asleep like they be mean to be , they would not have hear anything . she approach he . agatha how 's that homework look ? robin like it 's finish . agatha stroke he face affectionately . agatha do not be long . I will make cocoa . she go inside . walter and Robin exchange look . walter well , do not just stand there . you will catch yourself a death . he hold open he coat , beckone he son to cuddle up with he . Robin do , gladly . ié . robin we fall asleep . that 's all . walter back door ? robin she go down the alley . he hand walter a present from he robe pocket . robin I forget to give you this . walter I accept bribe at any time of day . Father and son smile . walter open the present : a hand - paint " father of the year " mug . walter she 's a nice girl , Robin . make sure she stay that way . he squeeze Robin 's hand , then lead he inside . int . kitchen - continuous agatha pour hot milk into three mug . walter and Robin enter . walter transfer he cocoa into he new foty mug . the sparrow all smile and head off to bed , walter turn out the light as they go . second later , the moon emerge from a cloud . agatha 's book , " the number 23 , " lie on the table , glint in the moonlight . int . aco office - morning Fresh -face dr . alice mortimer , 26 , check a file . a mug serve as a pencil-holder . it 's almost empty . super up : february 4 dr . alice mortimer this be you first bite ? walter first animal one , yes . ( off she look ) my wife . she have this ... gnaw urge . in she sleep . 17 . dr . alice mortimer tell I about ned . what would you do iff you come across he again ? walter put my foot on the gas and accelerate . dr . alice mortimer you would run away from he ? walter no , I would crush the furry fleabag beneath my tire . {off she look ) I be joke . this whole thing 's a joke . dr . alice mortimer Mr. sparrow , animal control regulation state that any officer suffer at the hand of a animal must undergo psychological counseling to evaluate they state of mind . walter you do not seriously think I be go to snap because some crafty little canine chow down on my arm ? dr . alice mortimer this be you first bite . a person 's first bite can have traumatic consequence . walter traumatic consequence ? I be not traumatize . a little embarrassed , perhaps . he roll up he sleeve . walter this be not trauma . this be stupidity . I give he my arm on a platter . can not blame a species of lower intelligence for that . that would be like shouting from the rooftop after the time I let my wife choose the color for the live room wall . not that woman be a species of lower intelligence . Dr. mortimer write in she file . walter try to see what . dr . alice mortimer have a good day , Mr. sparrow . 18 , walter what ? no. agatha 's the most intelligent woman I know . what she see in I I be not sure . I love my job . and I be good at it . dr . alice mortimer ned get away . walter well , yes . but -- dr . alice mortimer -- do not worry , apart from a flaw sense of humor I have give you a clean bill of health . you be not a danger to anyone . that 's why you can go . walter it be ? he relax , glance at the clock -- just go 10 a.m . walter but they have give I the whole day off for this . dr . alice mortimer then make the most of it . I will not tell . walter walk to the door . dr , alice mortimer Mr. sparrow ? what color do she choose ? for the wall . int . live room - morning walter ( v.o. ) red. blood red . walter stand in the doorway gaze at the blood red wall . he half - heartedly rummages through various birthday gift : jigsaw , beer -making kit , cardigan , new deck of card , etc . walter agatha , agatha , agatha . int . kitchen - morning walter munch off a plate of cookies as he pour a glass of milk . he pause . transfer it into he foty mug . 19 . int . bedroom - morning his and ' hers bedside table -- agatha 's cluttere , walter 's have alarm clock and lamp only . walter lie on the bed . bore . int . robin' bedroom - morning walter lie on Robin 's bed . he get up . look around the room . pass a model of a helix make out of empty matchbox . he pick up the top box . the helix collapse . walter , sheepish , leave the room . int . agatha' library - morning Wall to wall book , plus a desk and old typewriter . walter stand in the doorway . he step in , then think better of it . turn to leave , he see " the number 23 " on the desk . he pick it up . stare at the cover . turn to the blurb on the back : walter " a heart - wrenching odyssey into paranoia , " " one of the most horrifying metamorphoses ever tell . " " beware the dog next door . " ( a beat ) beware the dog next door ? int , bedroom - morning walter settles on the bed with the book . he turn to a old , batter doll on agatha 's bedside table . walter do not you tell she about this . he turn to page one . clear he throat . read aloud : walter " you can call I fingerling . it 's not my real name , but come from a book I read as a child , ' fingerling at the Zoo . ' Paper flap long go , it have a green , hardback cover and mottle texture , and be possibly my very first book . funny , I can not recall what it be about , the only thing I remember be the name . ' fingerling . ' I wish it be mine . now it be . " he frown . flick to the front and find the disclaimer : 20 . walter " all the character in this book be fictitious , and anyone find a resemblance to actual person , live or dead , should proceed no further . " int . agatha' library ~ morning walter pull book off the shelf . check they disclaimers . walter all the character ... any resemblance ... entirely coincidental . ( different book ) purely coincidental . wholly coincidental . int . bedroom - morning walter stare at " the number 23 " disclaimer . he continue : walter " do not concern yourself with my nom de plume . my real name matter not , nor my physical description . imagine I , if you must , as someone you once know . someone , perhaps , you like . " dissolve to : int . classroom - day a urban school . tower block be visible out the window . walter ( v.o . ) " as a kid I be top of my class . " Young fingerling raise he hand to a question . he have a somewhat sallow complexion . walter ( v.0o . ) " not because I like study , but because I realize a education be my best shot at get out of town . see , the stork drop I in a small dustbowl of a town . " the view out the window change accordingly . building disa tall elm tree sprout in they pi the sk ppear P. g place . y turn biue and be fu .. rdsong . the room interior aiter too , as do the kid , the teacher . ext . country road -~ afternoon fingerling walk along , laugh gaily with pal . 21 . walter ( v.o. ) " there be not anything wrong with it . as far as boring town go I be sure it rank above average . it be just boring . so be the other kid . " his pal vanish . he walk alone , kick a soda can . walter ( v.0 . ) " they be probably all still there . " he pass the town cemetery . walter ( v.o . ) " no one ever leave . but I be destine for other thing . " int . bedroom - day walter 's face pale . int . fingerling's father' office - day fingerling do he homework . walter ( v.o. ) " much as I love he , I be not gonna end up like my dad . it be bad enough people say I look like he . " he look up . his father sit behind a desk , maniacally tapping away at a calculator . walter ( v.o . ) " he be a accountant and fully expect I to take over the business he have build . still , he love I . " his Father motion for fingerling to continue he homework . walter ( v.o . ) " in he own special way . " int . bedroom - day walter lower the book . even he do not know exactly what he 's feel . he read on : walter " my father 's inability to express warmth be more than compensate by my mom . in she eye I could do no wrong . '' 22 . int . kitchen - evening fingerling sit at the table , still do homework . walter ( v.o. ) } " I want to be like she . she understand what make people tick . '' his mother {her kitchen clearly portray she as someone fond of baking ) slide a plate of cookies and a glass of milk in front of he . she close he book and stroke he head , tenderly . int . bedroom - day walter glance at he milk and cookie . walter if you become a dogcatcher , I be gonna sue you ass . he continue , quietly for a few second , until : walter " my mom be thrilled when , on my eighteenth birthday , I announce that I want to be a ... " ent . kitchen - morning breakfast-time , present ( book on finance , etc ) cover the table in front of fingerling , 18 today . fingerling 's mother 's mouth hang open . she 's thrilled . int . bedroom - day walter look up from the book . walter detective . he want to be a detective . ( to agatha 's doll ) you hear that ? a detective ! visibly relaxed , he continue read , but as he do , he voice grow heavy ... walter ( v.o. ) " not so my father . '' int . kitchen - morning at the other end of the table sit fingerling 's Father . he 's seethe . 23. walter ( v.o. } it make he hatred of we neighbor , old Mrs. dobkin , even stronger , and she would be dead ten year . she live next door and we house be identical , except for ... " int . bedroom - day walter freeze . his face drain of color . walter ( v.o. ) " . , , the garden . you see , she house fall on the bend , and thus , she back garden be twice the size . but it be not that that angere my dad . oh no ... " ext . back garden - day a tidy place , the only fault be the fence run down one side . unlike the one that take over at the bottom and come up the other side , this one be old and rickety . walter ( v.o. ) " ... picture if you can ... " we creep towards it , peek through a knot hole , travel into : walter ( v.o. ) '' , ..a world where the grass be forever thigh -high , a world where wild animal could feel at home , they only hazard be alfie , Mrs. dobkin ' cocker spaniel . " alfie appear , follow a scent . walter ( v.0o . ) " I always know when alfie be up to something . how ? simple . '' alfie come across a rabbit . the chase be on . a saxophone tune fade in . int . fingerling's bedroom - continuous Young fingerling stop play the saxophone and look out of he window , which look out over : walter ( v.0o . ) " sway grass . it be as if a tornado be signing its name in it . '' 24 . int . bedroom - day walter turn the page swiftly . walter " dad be incapable of see the beauty . he also do not think it funny when alfie seek a little R and R in we garden , '' ext . back garden - day alfie sunbathes on the lawn . suddenly , he 's on red alert . walter ( v.0o . ) " it be my job to catch he . " fingerling pounce on he , alfie dart off , scamper this way and that . walter ( v.o. ) " from this , a detective in the make be bear . let I explain . " int . bedroom - day walter close the book and search through wardrobe . a_dog yap incessantly . walter ( v.o . ) " it be my eighth birthday and alfie 's gift sound like exercise . except it be not . he just stand still and bark . " int . the sparrow home - various room - day walter search cupboard , under bed , etc . walter ( v.o. ) " there be no answer when I ring Mrs. dobkin ' doorbell so I go through the side gate . " ext , mrs . dobkins ' house - day fingerling pass through the side gate , alfie in arm . int . mrs. dobkins ' house - morning he enter the kitchen , check various room -- all empty . walter ( v.o . ) " soon I be go upstairs . at the top , alfie leap from my arm . " 25 , alfie run into a room . fingerling follow . it 's mrs . dobkins ' bedroom and alfie be on the bed , lick Mrs. dobkin ' face . she 's be dead a good fourteen hour . int . hallway - day walter spy the hatch to the loft . walter ( v.0o . ) " it be a hour before the doctor arrive , and in that uncertain hour my eight - year - old mind race . " int . loft - day walter climb into BOX heaven . start move stuff . walter ( v.o. ) " I decide Mrs. dobkin have be kill by a man with a derange mind , a mind such as we town have never see before . no one would be safe from he , not even he love one . especially he love one . " he pause in the shadow , nervous . walter ( v.0 . ) " of course , the doctor later conclude it be a heart attack but by then my mind have be open to a whole new existence . " he reach out and open a old chest . ext . the sparrow home - late afternoon agatha arrive home . she see walter 's truck . int . the sparrow home - late afternoon agatha pop she head into the live room . agatha yoo-hoo , . she head upstair , notice a scuff MARK on the wall halfway up . navigate the loft step ( down ) she enter they bedroom . several wardrobe be open . she return to the loft step . agatha walter ? she climb up . the loft be empty . 26 . she check the toilet , the bathroom , even she library . next come robin' bedroom . empty . she pick one of Robin 's shirt off the floor then notice the helix . agatha walter . the window draw she gaze -- a light be on in the garage . ext . yard - late afternoon agatha approach the garage . she open the door . int . garage - late afternoon walter sit on the floor , he back to she . the chest serve as a backrest and be empty , its content ( old photo album , trophies , childhood memorabilia ) spread around he . agatha here you be . what be you do ? walter I will clear it up later . agatha walk over , freeze on see the book in he hand . agatha oh. my. God . I do not believe my eye . walter do you read this ? he fold a page corner and close it . it 's " the number 23 . " agatha nod . walter what do you think of it ? agatha I think it be brilliant . style 's a bit odd . it read a bit ... raw . walter this fingerling guy -- agatha fabulous name . walter yeah . what do you make of he ? 27 . agatha oh , I love he . at least , I do in the beginning . walter what do you mean , " in the beginning " ? agatha well , he ... how far be you ? walter page eighteen . agatha oh . have not be read long , then ? walter it feel like I have . agatha darling , this be wonderful . good for you . I will fix you favorite for dinner tonight . she leave . walter follow after she . int . kitchen - continuous agatha enter through the back door and wash she hand . walter stop in the doorway . agatha transfer ingredient from the fridge to the table -- onion , tomatoes , mince , etc . agatha honey , you be let in a draught . walter put the item back in the fridge . agatha walter ! I just get that out . he walk outside then reappear with a stack of photo album , etc , and dump it on the table . he hold up " the number 23 . " walter it 's I , ag. me. agatha what be you talk about ? walter point to photo of he grow up , he parent , they house , they car , shot of he in the garden , a old , rickety fence in the background . 28 . another be of walter and a cocker spaniel . then the view from a bedroom -- a sprawling jungle of a xrden next door . walter some little twerp have write a book about I . agatha can not help it -- she laugh . agatha sorry . what do you mean ? walter I mean , somebody have take my life , my childhood , my memory , and base a character on it . fingerling . agatha do not be ridiculous . fingerling 's nothing like you . walter he 's everything like I . his past be my past . they have steal it . this krett person have ... he 's plagiarize my life . he hand she another book . Paper flap long go , it have a green , hardback cover and mottle texture . its title be : agatha " '' fingerling at the Zoo . " walter my mother read it to I when I be young . agatha honey , lot of people would have read this as a kid . walter do you ? agatha no , but ... she point to various photo . agatha there be many town like you hometown , each with street like yours . with house like yours . walter and dog next door ? 29 , agatha you neighbor have a dog ? shock . walter it be not call alfie . it be call Chief . " mischief " my dad call it . it use to escape all the time . that 's why I become who I be . a dogcatcher . agatha fingerling 's a detective . walter so he use a little imagination . it 's like he 's imply I be not good enough ! agatha I finally understand why you do not like to read . walter you remember the old woman next door ? well she die . on my eighth birthday . he sink into a chair -- mentally exhaust . agatha so there be similarity . read on . you will soon realize fingerling 's very different from you . I promise . she put the book in he hand . walter stare at it , the word " the number 23 , a novel of obsession by topsy krett " stare right back at he . int . hallway - late afternoon Robin enter , play with a rubick 's cube . he hang up he schoolbag and make he way to the kitchen . robin I be home . I be hungry . I be -- he pause . backtrack . int . live room - late afternoon walter read in a armchair . he do not notice Robin stare at he from the doorway . int , kitchen - late afternoon Robin enter . agatha be cooking . 30 , agatha oh hi , sweetie . how be school -- what 's happen ? you be very pale . robin dad 's read . agatha yes , I know ! wonderful , be not it ? bit of a shock , admittedly . robin but ... how ... why ... when ... I do not even know he could read . well , of course I know he could , I just ... what 's he read ? agatha his life-story . robin huh ? he pick at some food scrap . agatha smack he hand with a spoon and he go to the sink to wash he hand . agatha dinner might be rather odd tonight . robin why ? what be we have ? agatha Robin , darling , I love you deeply , but humor be not you strong point . she push the door shut , quietly . int . live room - late afternoon Robin sit opposite he dad , watch . walter ignore he . he move to walter 's armrest . read along . robin what kind of name be ' fingerling ? 's walter shut the book . Robin , a little hurt , leave the room . ext . the sparrow home - evening the moon be wane . 31 . int . kitchen - evening dinner-time for the sparrow . spaghetti bolognaise . they serve themselves , awkward , fleeting smile the currency of conversation , robin why would someone write a book about you ? walter that , son , be a very good question . robin be I in it ? I mean , if it be about dad , should not I have a star role ? agatha yes , you should . and yet , you do not . I wonder what that mean ? walter the author know you would be a scene - stealer . int . live room - night the clock click to 8 p.m . it begin to chime . walter read in he armchair . agatha read in she armchair . Robin do homework on the sofa . dissolve to : 1i p.m. as the clock finishes chiming . agatha Robin . Robin sigh and rise . he kiss each as he say : robin night , mom. night , dad . walter do not respond . Robin exit . agatha I think I be go to run a bath . walter -- still totally oblivious . 32 . int . bathroom - night agatha soak in the tub . think . int . bedroom - night she enter , post - bath and in she nightgown . the bed be empty . int . staircase - night she peer over the banister -- walter be still read . int . live room - night agatha take the book from walter , fold down a page corner , and pull he up . . int . bedroom - night agatha pull back the cover for a pajama-clad walter and he get into bed . she go to kiss he . he shy away . agatha how far be you ? walter he 's just spend he first month 's wage on a diamond ring for fabrizia . agatha ah yes , he italian girlfriend . and you tell I I be the first girl you ever love . walter she could be you . ( off she look ) be I be silly ? agatha every time I read a book it 's like the author manage to steal a part of I I think only I know about . I will write my own one day and do the same to someone else . no , you be not be silly . paranoid , yes . ( she snuggle up ) but I love you all the same . walter kiss she forehead . walter I love you , too . he click off the light . 33 . int . kitchen - middle of the night the light come on . walter walk to the sink and turn on the cold water tap . hold he hand underneath . the coolness of the water wake he . he look around , confuse . he 's be sleepwalk . he 's draw back to the white , porcelain sink . it 's spatter with red . he look at he hand . more red . it 's blood . he check himself , concerned . then he see it -~ a empty slot in agatha 's knife block . int . staircase - middle of the night walter walk up , one step at a time ... int . bedroom - middle of the night he click on the light . agatha be snuggle under the cover . he peel back the cover : bloodstained sheet appear . he throw off the cover . freezes . agatha have be stab to death , multiple time . the knife still protrude from she body . walter no . he pull out the knife . stare at it . throw it aside and collapse over agatha , sobbing . pull she into he arm . walter a nightmare . nothing but a nightmare . put she back , close you eye , and it will be alright . everything will be all right . he lay agatha down tenderly and shut he eye . walter please . he open they . agatha be still dead . tear stream down he cheek . he scream . agatha ( 0.s. } sorry ! I be sorry , I be sorry , I be sorry ! 34 . the light come on . agatha stare at walter . he 's clutching he ghoulder . she move he hand away . agatha oh God , I almost draw blood . walter follow she gaze . teeth mark puncture he skin . he look at he pajamas , the sheet , agatha 's 's nightgown -- no knife , no blood anywhere . agatha kiss he shoulder . walter take she head in he hand , gaze at she , and kiss she passionately . int . aco office - morning super up : february 5 sybil work the dispatch , headset on . sybil what kind of noise ? a ' putt - putt -screech ' come over the speaker . ext . STREET - morning walter 's truck sit in the shade under a tree . a ' putt - putt - screech ' come from he open window . int . truck - morning walter stop make the noise . sybil' voice I will call a mechanic . walter already do . he 's on he way . sybil' voice let I know the deal , asap . walter will do . unit 5 out . he hang up the receiver . reassure himself : walter it 's just one day . he turn to " the number 23 " on the next seat . pick it up . 35 . ext . in a tree - morning - a bird Pov lock down on walter 's truck . int . truck - continued Bird poop hit the windshield . walter do not notice . int . 9th floor apartment - day look through a telescope ( into the apartment opposite ) at a gorgeous gal , pace back and forth in she underwear . fingerling , now grow up and wear police uniform , turn to a somewhat sheepish , sleazy little man . the man redirect the telescope and fingerling look again , this time into a all - white live room . in the center be a chair . above it hang a noose . sleazy little man ( 0.s. ) she get on the chair , put it around she neck , and just stand there . the gal enter frame , do exactly this . sleazy little man ( 0.s. ) then she get down . be do it for two hour . she recently stop see some guy who be do she . ext . STREET - day fingerling exit one apartment block and head for the other . int . corridor - day fingerling knock at apartment # 92 - ( the last number be miss ) . no answer . he try next door , # 925 , flash he badge at a old , chinese woman . pingerling Police . can I use you balcony ? hard to tell if she understand . fingerling enter anyway . ext . balcony - day fingerling climb around the divide wall and peek round the edge of the french door . suicide gal , on the chair , see he and quickly put the noose around she neck . fingerling step into the open , hand up . 36 . fingerling I be not here to hurt you . I be here to help . he open the door . the wall , ceiling , furniture -- everything be cover with plain , white paper . letter-size . fingerling , spellbound , inch he way to the couch and sit . fingerling so . what 's with the hammermill mosaic ? suicide gal I know what you be up to , this ' try to befriend I ' crap . come any closer and I 'il jump . fingerling I would rather you do not . suicide gal why should you care ? fingerling today 's my birthday . if you jump it will be my worst one ever . suicide gal you be pathetic . I swear , move and I all fuck jump . fingerling if you want to die , die , but hang 's painful as hell . what 's worse , most people screw up make the noose . all they achieve be a permanent necklace , a grisly reminder of how utterly pathetic they be . if you be serious about end it there be far more effective way . suicide gal ( dumbfounded ) such as ? fingerling well , you live on the ninth floor . have not you ever want to fly ? suicide gal laugh . a beat . fingerling offer she he hand . fingerling it really be my birthday . 37 . int . truck - day the radio crackle into life , startling walter . sybil 's voice unit 5 , come in . walter ! he think for a second then pick up the receiver . walter sybil ? sorry I have not get back to you . we be run some test ... diagnostic thing . sybil be voice and ? talk to I , walter . the city 's canine population be run amok . ext . STREET - day no mechanic anywhere . walter it do not look good . something to do with the ... fan belt ... timing mechanism ? ( to non -existent mechanic ) that 's what you say , be not it ? ( to sybil ) yeah . he 's get some part . I will let you know as soon as I be mobile . sybil' voice ( testy ) fine. hq out . walter turn back to the book . walter " the woman warn I to be careful : she be a together - person once . " int . suicide gal' kitchen - day suicide gal make coffee . the decor here match the live room , even the coffee jar be wrap in paper . suicide gal now I be a bad person . I do not want to turn you bad . you seem nice . walter { v.0 . ) " I should have get out of there but I be real curious . " 38 . int . suicide gal' live room - day fingerling and suicide gal sit on the couch with coffee . walter ( v.0o . ) '' we play this cute wait game . " suicide gal peel a sheet of paper off the couch . etched into the leather be lot of word , seemingly scrawled at random , with number assigned to they ... ... all adding up to 23 . walter { v.o . ) " then she say it . '' suicide gal this number ... this fucking number ... it rule my world . int . truck - day the cb radio crackle into life , again startling walter . sybil' voice unit 5 , come in . do you copy , unit 5 ? walter ? walter ignore she , read louder to drow she out . walter " it 's all my father 's fault . '' int . suicide gal' live room - day suicide gal stare at a man' name on the wall : timothy charle hunt accompany by the number 110/66/63 , 2/12 /9 , 23 . suicide gal he say he be a genius and that he would figure out how to beat it . he say I would be safe . he say -- int . 8-yr-old suicide gal' bedroom - night a girl ( suicide gal age 8 ) sit in bed , knee pull up tight to she chest . her father sit on the edge of she bed . his eye be fraught with anguish . his shirt 1s blood~stained . girl father -- daddy love you and he 's go to do something that guarantee he little girl get to grow up to be just who she want to be . 39 . int . 8-yr -old suicide gal' father be den - night her Father hold a gun to he head , hand shaking . suicide gal ( v.o. ) all he have to do be kill himself and the curse would have end with he . he lower the gun , unable to do it . suicide gal ( v.0o . ) I guess he just do not love I enough . int . suicide gal 's live room - continued suicide gal pace back and forth as she rant : suicide gal it 's everywhere . Times . date . number of bus . license plate . page of book . even elevator floor light . soon I realize it be in my name . the word I speak . nothing be safe . nothing . my favorite color 's pink . you know what pink be ? she rip a piece of paper off the wall , behind it be a mass of word and they corresponding sum . she point to the word red and white . Red = 27 . White = 65 . 27+65=92. suicide gal pink have four letter . 92 / 4 equal ... suicide gal twenty -fuck - three . walter ( v.o. ) " I will be honest -- I do not get it . I ask she the only question I could muster . " fingerling any more coffee ? ext . STREET - day walter 's truck be empty . sybil' voice walter , this be not funny . pick up . I say , pick up , damn you . we have a {more } 40 . sybil 's voice ( cont 'd ) u.s.s. two block away so even if you truck 's still 0.0.s ... ext , park - day walter read as he walk . walter " tt tell she a story . '' ( a beat ) a story ? the bastard tell storey ? ( continue ) " I tell she the one about my uncle Charlie , how one day he read in he star he be gonna fall in love with a woman wear green so he walk around all day until he find one . six month later they marry . " ( not read ) what kinda lame ass story be this ? ncontinue ) " the woman tell I ... " int . suicide gal' live room - day suicide gal ..- you be lie . fingerling hold up a finger -- he have not finish yet . fingerling two year later the woman in green divorce my uncle and take half of everything he 's get . fingerling peer out the french door -- still open . fingerling he 's out there now , at this very moment , still search for a woman in green . figure he just get the wrong one . suicide gal this be mean to make I feel better , how ? fingerling you look smarter than my uncle Charlie . suicide gal smile . 41 . ext . park - day walter sit on a bench . walter ( v.o . ) " she have a face mean to smile . " walter smile -- he would have be proud of that story . int , suicide gal' hallway - day fingerling and suicide gal walk to the door . she open it . suicide gal I promise I will be okay . thank you . she kiss he on the cheek . fingerling step out . as he walk down the corridor : suicide gal Officer ? happy birthday . how many be it ? fingerling twenty ... five . suicide gal smile again . int , elevator - day fingerling descend . Ali the floorlight be work . walter ( v.o. ) " I get in the elevator . I get out the elevator . " ext . apartment block - STREET - level - day walter ( v.o. ) " it exit the building . I wonder if sleazy be watch I and look up to see when ... '' fingerling look for sleazy when ... thud ! suicide gal hit the pavement beside he . ext . park - day - unknown Pov ... ... watch walter from beside a old oak tree . 42 . walter ( v.0 . ) " that night I eat out with fabrizia . " int , restaurant - evening fabrizia wipe cream off fingerling 's chin . she 's feed he strawberry . fabrizia bi-zarre . but what do she mean , it rule she world ? walter ( v.o. ) " I be not surprised in the slight when she announce ... " fabrizia I wanna go see she place . int . suicide gal' live room - night all the paper have go , revealing the full , terrifying extent of suicide gal 's obsession with 23 . fabrizia this be so bi-zarre , to think it happen on you 23rd birthday . a beat . int . fingerling and fabrizia' apartment - night silence . the only light come from the open bathroom door . walter ( v.o . ) " at home , fabrizia be buzze . " suddenly there 's water movement , a loud gasp for AIR , and : fabrizia ( o.s. ) again . walter ( v.o. ) " God , I love she . " int . unknown apartment - day walter ( v.o . ) " the next day , I trace this ex - the woman mention . " fingerling enter a bedroom where a man lie in bed , dead . a knife protrude from he chest . 43 . ext . park - day walter frown -~ unsettle , yet not sure why . in the distance you might notice ned beside the QLD oak tree ... int . police station - the sergeant's office - day fingerling hold up a evidence bag . Inside be the knife . fingerling forensics match it to she . his sergeant check a report . sergeant guess this be what she mean by be a bad person . fingerling yeah . if it 's all right with you , I be gonna take the rest of the day off . feeling a bit queasy . sergeant Dead people will do that to ya . ext . police station - day fingerling exit . he look around , once to he leave , once to he right , then again to he leave . walter ( v.o. ) " I do not feel bad about lie . there be just something I have to do . " ext . park - day look closely and the hair on walter 's nape be prickle . walter ( v.o. ) " ez mean , it be only one day . " his mouth fall open with a bad case of déja vu . he stare into space ... until the book slowly draw he back . int , suicide gal n's live room fingerling study the crazy writing on the wall . around the top of the wall be the alphabet plus each letter' number . walter ( v.o . ) " you might laugh at what I do next , but I bet you will try it . " fingerling pull out he notepad , start scribbling . 44 . int . elevator - day only floorlight 1 , 5 , 8 and 9 work . as fingerling descend , he stare at the notepad . on it be a bunch of letter and number . Inside a circle at the bottom ... walter ( v.o . ) } " surely it be just a coincidence ? I mean , a name 's just a name , right ? " ... be the number 23 . int . car - evening fingerling wait outside a office . the clock read 7:30 p.m . fingerling 30 minus 7 be 23 . fabrizia rap on the window . int . restaurant - night fabrizia eat , fingerling do not . fabrizia be you okay ? fingerling yeah , Fine . walter ( v.o . ) " T do not tell she that , include we , but exclude the waiter , there be twenty - three people in the restaurant . I do tell she about the crazy woman 's boyfriend . her reaction be ... " int , cheap HOTEL - night fabrizia pay for a room . walter ( v.o. ) " ... pure fabrizia . '' int . HOTEL corridor - night fabrizia unlock a door . fingerling stare at the room number . 45 . int . HOTEL room # 23 - night fabrizia pull a packet of stocking from she purse . she throw they at fingerling and lie on the bed , put she wrist against the headboard . fabrizia do not worry , they be cheap one . fingerling tie each wrist to a bedpost , start unbuttone she blouse . fabrizia no. rip it off . rip it all off . ext . park - day walter shift in he seat , somewhat uncomfortable . he look around , check no one be watch he . read on , quietly . walter " I do as I be tell , she spread she leg and instruct I to look in she purse , I find another packet of stocking . I tie she leg . then I remove my clothes and climb aboard . " int , HOTEL room # 23 - night fingerling make love to fabrizia . Gentle . fabrizia pretend you have a knife in you hand . a beat . fingerling squeeze he right hand into a fist and trace it over she body at a steady height of six inch . fabrizia squirm beneath he -- almost like he do have a knife . fingerling get more and more into it and when fabrizia go to say something , he clamp he leave hand over she mouth . fingerling quiet , bitch , or you die ! int . car - night fingerling and fabrizia head home . walter ( v.o . ) " of course , I would never really harm fabrizia . I love she . and she love I . '' fingerling look at fabrizia . she gaze lovingly at she new , diamond engagement ring . 46 . walter ( v.o. ) " but that night I have the most unsettle nightmare imaginable . '' ext , park - day walter read on , then lower the book , he mind racing ... ext . the sparrow home - day walter pull into the driveway . int . garage - day walter have cover one wall with paper . the alphabet be write at the tep . below it , the number 1 to 26 . he write ' walter sparrow 's up . proceed as follow : w=23 walter oh fuck . he continue . a=1 ; l=12 ; t=20 ; e=5 ; r=18 . total : 79 . s=19 ; p=16 ; a=1 ; r=18 ( x2 ) ; o=15 ; w=23 . total : 110. walter stare at it . then he write : 7+9=16 and 1+1+0=2 which give he 16+2=18 . he sigh . suddenly , he pause . he scribbles ' paul ' between walter and sparrow . p=16 ; a=1 ; u=21 ; l=12 . total : 50 . 5+0=5 . walter 16 plus 2 plus 5 equais ... he turn . stare at " the number 23 " lie on a work bench . int . " a novel fate '' used bookstore ~ afternoon the book be on the counter . walter wait as a salesperson type into a computer . she frown , swivel the monitor to he , " not found " flash on screen . salesperson be you sure you buy it here ? walter of course I be sure . what kind of idiot mistake where he busy a book ? ( more ) 47 . walter ( cont 'd ) ( a beat } it be here . I buy it on my birthday for my wife . salesperson should not she be buy you stuff if it be you birthday ? walter there be this dog . I be late and ... can you help I or not ? the salesperson examine the book . . salesperson it 's self - publish , self - print and by a author I have never hear of . she type " krett , T " into the computer . salesperson and old topsy have not write a thing since . she hand the book back . walter do not take it . walter that 's all you can tell I ? Dead end , dead end , dead end ? salesperson be I correct in think you want to get in touch with the author ? walter you be very correct . salesperson then may I be so ... original ... as to point this out ? she point to a mailbox address inside the back cover . int . the sparrow home - late afternoon walter hit redial on the phone by the front door , a phone book by he foot . agatha come home . agatha so this be where you be . sybil 's call I at least a dozen time . he shush she , speak into the phone in a very odd voice . 48 . walter hello , I wonder if you can help I ? telephone voice mister , you call once more and I be call the cop . dial-tone . agatha why be you speak in a funny voice ? walter hold up " the number 23 . " walter I be try to contact the bastard thing 's author but the only clue be this . oopen to mailbox address ) and the minimum wage little shit who work there will not tell I anything ! agatha walter , what be go on ? int . garage - late afternoon walter lead agatha in . scribbles and they corresponding tally cover the wall . agatha oh my . walter point out various discoveries . walter my name equal 23 . my birthday be two three . my driver 's license . Social security number . everything ! he hold up " the number 23 . " walter do not tell I it be not I . this prove it . I be tell you , the little fucker use I . agatha walter . walter he have , aggie . not only that , the book 's drive I nut . I can not explain it , but , I be imagine all ( more ) 49 . walter ( cont 'd ) sort of weirdness . it 's like it 's ... imitate my life . agatha be this what you have be do all day ? walter how do he know so much about I ? why do he choose I ? agatha he do not . walter why can not you see it ? you have read it and you know I better than I do ! agatha take the book , open to he bookmark -- about halfway . agatha you have not even finish it . walter I have read all I need to read . agatha you have read all you want to read . you have concerned yourself with the minutia and draw wild conclusion from they , what about the fact that fingerling kill fabrizia then confess and be sentence to life in a asylum ? walter he kill she ? agatha stabs she to death . she thrust the book into he hand , turn , and walk out . int . kitchen - late afternoon agatha be chopping vegetable . walter appear in the back doorway with a sheet of paper . he watch agatha , lovingly . suddenly he notice the knife . he walk up and , from behind , take it from she . she swivel around but before she can say anything she notice he eye be tear up . he put the knife in the sink . take she hand . 50 . walter follow I . int , live room - continuous walter lead agatha in . walter why this color ? agatha what ? walter why do you choose this color ? for the wall . - agatha walter , no more game . she pries she hand free and walk to the door . walter 's word stop she in she track . walter I dreamt I kill you . ( a beat ) last night . with a knife . while you sleep . just like fingerling do . agatha walter , this be not funny . walter no , it be not . he look at loving family photo on the mantelpiece . walter sure , there be discrepancy . fingerling 's a cop . I be a dogcatcher . he meet fabrizia when he be 21 whereas I meet you when I be ... agatha twenty ... three . walter do you remember the day we meet ? agatha of course I do . September 14th . walter nine fourteen . 9 plus 14 be ... 51 . agatha '' twenty ... three . walter the day we marry ? agatha a month later . October ... 13th . a solemn beat . walter suicide gal say it rule she world . she kill because of it . then she pass it on to fingerling . on he birthday . he find it apply to he , and look what it make he do . do not you see , ag ? fingerling call it fate . do you know what fate be ? he hand she the sheet of paper . " fate " be write on it , along with its value , which be ... walter thirty two . 23 reverse . I love you , and would never ever harm you , but fingerling say that , too . I be scared , ag. I be so , so scared . he wrap he arm around agatha . over he shoulder , she stare at " the number 23 . " int . kitchen ~ evening the sparrow sit around a foodless table . Robin be building a house of card . the doorbell ring . Robin run to it . second later , he veturn with a pizza . robin nineteen ninety - five plus tip , he say . Fifteen percent be ... walter twenty three . agatha hand Robin twenty five . agatha tell he to keep the change . 52 . int . live room - night agatha pretend to read but secretly watch walter stare at " the number 23 . " Robin , scribbling into a schoolbook , look up . robin we live at number 1814 . walter and agatha look at he , confuse . robin 1814 ? 18 be 1 plus 8 which make 9 . 9 plus 14 be 23 . Big deal , you might say ? well , what 's strange be this . look at it the other way around : 14 be 1 plus 4 which make 5 , and 18 plus 5 be also 23 . agatha do not talk nonsense , Robin . robin it 's not nonsense . 18 plus 5 ig 23 . that 's not all . 18 plus 14 be 32 . walter twenty - three reverse . robin spooky , huh ? int . bedroom - night agatha pull the cover back for walter . he hesitates . agatha everything be go to be fine . nothing 's go to happen to I . you love I . I love you . he get into bed . agatha kiss he and snuggle close . walter click off the light . dissolve to : darkness - walter awake . he turn to the clock . it 's 3:22 a.m . suddenly , the next number fall , clicking thunderously to 3:23 . walter rise . int . staircase - night he head downstairs . 53 . int . hallway - night he pause by the kitchen . CUT to : ext . the sparrow home - morning the sun be come up . bird be chirp . super up : february 6 int . bedroom - morning agatha 's outline be visible under the cover . a agonizing beat . -: she stir . a hand appear , plop down on walter 's side . agatha 's head emerge . walter 's side of the bed be empty . int . live room - morning agatha enter . walter be fast asleep on the sofa . his foot protrude from under a blanket . they be bound together . int . office - morning the skeleton from walter 's birthday hang in a corner . Isaac ( a psychology professor ) finish a silent read of a letter from agatha . he wear a yellow tie . he look up . walter gaze out the window ( we be high up ) at the surround university . Isaac join he . isaac do you regret it ? not finish college . walter my parent ' accident change my focus in life . as a result , I meet agatha . no , I do not regret it at all . ( a beat ) besides , there 's something unsettle about this place . tsaac probably all the book around the place . we have five library , you know . he pick up " the number 23 . " 54 . walter well ? isaac sound like a fascinating read . walter meaning that 's all it be . a book . so I be crazy . isaac good Lord , no . twenty three be very good at this particular game . walter what do you mean ? what game ?. isaac paranoia . oh yes , there 's a fair bit of literature on the 23 enigma . walter there be ? isaac there be 23 axiom in euclid 's geometry . the human body consist of 46 chromosome , 23 from each parent . blood take 23 second to circulate . Shakespeare be bear on the 23rd April . he die on the 23rd April . the mayan believe the end of the world would occur in 2012 . 20 plus 12 be -- walter -- twenty three reverse . isaac yes . the exact date be December 23rd . walter so it 's true . the number 's ... God ? isaac two divide by three be point 666 , 666 be the number of the Devil . walter it 's the Devil ? isaac what 's true be that certain people take delight in perpetuate the number 's infamy . aleister crowley . ( more ) 55 . isaac ( cont 'd ) R a Wilson . William S. burrough give it a certain degree of credibility when he note a 23 connection between a boat sink and a plane crash . walter what kind of connection ? isaac burrough know a Captain Clark who run a ferry from tangier to Spain . one day , Clark tell he he would be do so for 23 year without accident . that day the ferry sink , kill Clark and all he passenger . burrough get home , turn on the radio and hear that a airplane travel from New York to Miami have just crash also . the Captain be name Clark , too . no prize for guess what the flight number be . walter I be not the only one . it 's omnipresent . isaac some would say of course . after all , the world do spin on a axis of 23 degree . 23.5 if you want to be picky , but 5 be simply 2 plus 3 . walter but 23 be also the lowest number unattainable on a dartboard with only one dart . isaac true . interesting that you name begin and end with ww . walter W be the 23rd letter of the alphabet . isaac I do believe there be no name in the Bible beginning such . the Book of revelation have only 22 chapter , you know , and that predict -- walter -- the end of the world . ( more ) 56 . walter ( cont 'd ) opoint to " the number 23 " ) and that predict the end of my world . isaac yes , it sound like a most fascinating book . walter pace , he distress suddenly worry Isaac . he pass isaac of course , there exist far too few storey where the main character play the saxophone . I use to play , you know . always fancie myself as the next John coltrane . I be not . aware you also play . agatha 's always say you be ... well , not much of a hobby person . walter I be not . and no , I do not play the saxophone . but that 's just it . not everything match . help I . please . isaac I be not a psychiatrist . walter I do not want to see a psychiatrist . isaac I will see what I can dig up , and I can speak to agatha if you like , but , as far ag you be concerned ... the book back . isaac finish it . a cake 's true flavor cannot be ascertain while still in the bowl . if , after read it in its entirety you still believe its subject to be you , then whoever write it know you very well . int . aco office - day Dr. mortimer study walter . she smile , take a pen from she now full pencil-holder mug . dr . alice mortimer five day ' emotional leave never hurt anyone . 57 . int . cake shop - day agatha decorate a cake in the shape of a key . agatha emotional leave ? walter a whole week ! can you believe it ? I can not get over how easy it be to fool she . agatha walter , you lie to she . walter I have to ensure my job would not be jeopardize . agatha but you have never lie before . walter I have never have to . listen to I , ag , I be unit 5 . five ! five be simply 2 plus 3 . Isaac 's word , exactly . agatha Isaac say that to you ? walter he be wear a yellow tie . yellow be 92 , or four 23s . Dr. mortimer ? she have a mug on she desk which she use as a pencil holder . it be empty last time yet this time there be 23 pencil in it . every time I look at the clock -- he glance at a clock on the wall . it 's 11:21 a.m. agatha 21 . not 23 . and no , it 's not slow . walter 1 and 1 plus 21 be 23 . 11 time 2 plus 1 be 23 . 11 plus 21 be 32 and you know what 32 be ! agatha walter , what 's happen to you ? you be insane ! what 's happen to the fun-love , dog-catch man I love ? 58 . walter I be still a dogcatcher , ag. ( a beat ) how many cake be in this room ? agatha I do not know . lot . a beat . agatha count the cake on display . the ' key ' make ... agatha twenty three . walter I need to do this , ag. for we . agatha Fine . stay home and read the damn thing . the quick you finish it , the quick ' we ' can get back to normal . walter kiss she and leave . agatha pick up a phone . int . live room - day walter nestle in he armchair . take a deep breath . read : walter ( v.o . ) " the nightmare be not a isolate incident . '' int . fingerling's bedroom - night fingerling and fabrizia be asleep . walter ( v.o . ) '' over the next few day I could not decide what be worse . be asleep . " fingerling bolt upright . walter ( v.0o . ) " or be awake . " he check the time -- 02:30 a.m. int . fingerling and fabrizia' kitchen - morning fingerling cuddle fabrizia from behind as she prepare breakfast . suddenly he reach for a knife and slit she throat ... walter ( v.o . ) " sometimes it be impossible to tell the difference . " 59 . ... before fabrizia twist around in he grasp and feed he a spoonful of yogurt , waking he from he macabre trance . int . restaurant - evening walter ( v.0 . } " pabrizia begin to resent my sudden share of she favorite word . '' fabrizia finish a head - count and look at fingerling . fingerling see ? it 's bi-zarre . walter ( v.o . ) " she adopt a new word . or rather , a phrase . " fabrizia you be so in - sane . int . live room - day walter look up . thoughtful . flashcut : agatha say , " you're insane ! " he dismiss it . continue . walter ( v.0 . ) " occasionally she add a word ... " int . fingerling and fabrizia' kitchen - day fabrizia lie on the floor , naked , naughty bit obscure by whipped cream , fingerling be atop she , examine the whipped cream easy - squeeze bottle . fabrizia you be so fucking in -sane . stop count the calory and fuck I ! int . police station - day the sergeant study fingerling 's phone . walter ( v.o. } " my sergeant notice subtle change in my behavior . " all the number have be scratched off the button . int . sergeant's office - day fingerling be with he sergeant . 60 . walter ( v.o. } " he decide I need heip . " int . police psychiatrist's office - day fingerling browse while the intellectually dash dr . mile phoenix take note . fingerling " suicide gal 's name be isobel lydia hunt. 62 , 51 , 63 , reducible to 8 , 6 , 9 . twenty three . " dr . mile phoenix what do you think that mean ? fingerling gaze out the window . everywhere he look 2s and 3gs_seem to sparkle , like star at night . fingerling I do not know . int . sergeant's office - day the sergeant stare at a gun and badge on he desk . he turn to the window , see fingerling clear he desk . walter ( v.o . ) " the wise Dr. Phoenix recommend I take a break . like time be gonna heal I . all time be be a count system . number with meaning attach to they . still , a break be what the good doctor prescribe . he call it -- " int . live room - day walter pause . walter --emotional leave ? int . fingerling's bedroom - night walter ( v.0 . } " fabrizia be not impressed . " fingerling hang up he uniform . fabrizia be in bed . fabrizia so you be not a cop anymore ? 61 . fingerling yes , I be still a cop . just a cop on holiday . fabrizia without a gun . fingerling I still have this . he hold up he handcuff and get into bed . fabrizia let 's just get some sleep tonight . she kiss he on the cheek , roll over and kill the light . walter ( v.o . ) " she do not understand . " in the dark , the digital alarm clock click to 00:23 . int , fingerling and fabrizia' apartment - morning fingerling sit in he robe stare blankly at a wall , a notepad in he lap . word and number fill the page . walter ( v.o. ) " which be fine , because neither do zr . " fabrizia enter , ready for work . she rip off the top page and tear it up . the page below show more of the same . she tear that up , too . the whole pad be full . she tear up the whole pad and leave for work . int / ext . suicide gal' apartment - day suicide gal stare at the french door ~- still open . walter ( v.o . ) " all I know be , the number have go after suicide gal . " she race towards they ... out onto the balcony ... and off ... fly like a bird without wing ... sidewalk loom ... int , fingerling's bathroom - day walter ( v.0 . ) " and now it be come after I . " 62 . fingerling , dry and in a towel , stare at the showerhead in fear . he back out , into the bedroom , stumbling to the floor in front of fabrizia' OPEN closet . he count she shoe . 22 pair . and one empty space . ext . STREET - day fingerling stand in the middle of the street . wherever he look he see the number : on license plate , in shop window , hide in door number , graffity on wall , a man at a phone booth punch 2- 3-2-3 - 2 ... it 's everywhere . int . fingerling and fabrizia' apartment - evening fabrizia be chopping onion for what would be spaghetti bolognaise . fingerling be in a armchair , secretly tear page 23 from book . the chopping noise stop . fabrizia ( 0.s. ) what the hell ? he quickly shut the book , think he 's be rumble . fabrizia what be this do in the trash ? she hold up a pair of her shoe , now cover in vegetable scrap . she pick up a saucepan , walk over to fingerling , and empty the content ( tomato sauce ) over he head . int . dr . mile phoenix be office - day Dr. Phoenix look at a photo of fabrizia . dr . mile phoenix I can speak to she if you like . fingerling lift he head out of he hand . walter ( v.o. ) " I believe he say it in total innocence at the time . '' ext . STREET - day fingerling watch a coffee shop opposite . through the window , we see fabrizia chat to Dr. Phoenix . she walk to the rear of the shop . he follow . 63 . int . coffee shop restroom - day fingerling climb onto a toilet seat and peer into the next cubicle , where fabrizia and Dr. Phoenix be kissing . walter ( v.o . ) " yes , at the time I believe he say it in total innocence . but look back ... int . dr . mile phoenix be office - day Dr. Phoenix look at a photo of fabrizia , say ( mos ) " I can speak to she if you like . '' fingerling lift he head . walter ( v.0o . ) ... I wish I would react differently . " ext . STREET - day there 's a scream ... pedestrian glance about ... then ... Dr. Phoenix hit the sidewalk , shard of glass raining down second later -- the remnant of he window . int . dr . mile phoenix be office - day fingerling look at Dr. Phoenix opposite he . walter ( v.o . ) " I should have realize the truth . I know it 's absurd , but , even the color of he tie betrayed he . " Dr. Phoenix wear a yellow tie . int . live room - day walter 's mouth fall open . flashcut : isaac in he yellow tie . walter freeze . look back at the book , check a previous passage . walter " I can speak ... flashcut : isaac say , " ... I can speak to agatha if you like . '' walter pace . flashcut : fabrizia and dr . phoenix kiss . there face morph into that of agatha and isaac ... 64 . walter stare at the photo on the mantelpiece . the one on the end be of agatha and Isaac . he grab the phone . dial . it ring . walter come on , come on . the phone just ring and ring . ext . STREET - day walter walk along , mutter quietly , try to convince himself of something not be true . he pass lip - locked lover in a doorway . stare at they , bizarrely transfix . a sign in a lawyer' window read " divorce from $ 230 . " next , he see a funeral home . walter start to run , push he way through the crowd . ext . cake shop - day walter run up . the shop be dark . a sign say , " close for lunch . " walter she do not close for lunch . besides it 's ... he look at a clock dial on the building opposite . it click to 3:23 . he back away . freezes . his eye be transfix by a approaching bus . Zt! ni 2 he back away , into a hardware store ... int . hardware store - day ..- and wait just inside the door until the bus pass . hardware store owner ( 0.s. ) how can I help you ? her voice make walter jump . he turn , see a woman behind the counter . he approach . she 's write a price label . walter stare at it : " one week only : $ 23 . " hardware store owner hello ? anyone home ? walter be there a ... a coffee shop nearby ? 65 . hardware store owner why yes , there 's one on the corner . ext . STREET - day walter exit . as he pass the window he freeze . the woman hang the label on a butcher' knife . walter run to the STREET corner . the coffee shop be across the road . he freeze , crestfallen . through the window , we see agatha speak to Isaac . agatha head into the rear of the shop ... ext . university - day walter sit on a bench , zombie-like . Isaac enter a tall build in the distance . walter rise . int . elevator - day walter go up . int . office - day Isaac look up as walter enter . ext . university - day one of the tall building 's window shatter . Isaac fly out . he scream , arm flail , hit the sidewalk with a thud . pull back to reveal - walter still sit on the bench , stare at the sidewalk , fist clench , a mischievous smile on he face -- no dead Isaac in_sight . he awake from he macabre trance . unfurl he fist in shock , his hand begin to shake . he flee . int . the sparrow home - day walter come home . enter the live room . stare at the wall . he go into the kitchen , splashes he face with water . his eye be draw to the knife block . 66 . int . bedroom - day walter open agatha 's closet . stare at she shoe . count they . there be ... walter twenty two . ... plus the one empty space he point to as he say : walter twenty three . int . agatha' library - day walter take a sheet of paper and attempt to write " dear agatha . " his hand trembles so much the word be illegible . he roll a sheet of paper into the old typewriter . freezes . the number 2 and 3 be wear off they key . int . staircase - late afternoon walter hurry down with a SMALL suitcase . int . kitchen - late afternoon he put a badly written envelope for " agatha " on the table . ext . the sparrow home - late afternoon walter come out . agatha { 0.s. ) walter ? she turn up the path . see the suitcase . agatha where be you go ? walter ? walter walk up to she and kiss she passionately . walter I love you . you know that . he throw he case in the truck and leave . int . kitchen - late afternoon agatha be read walter 's note . there be tear in she eye . 67 . walter ( v.0 . ) ... a long time ago we make some vow . I mean every one of they . that 's why I have to do this . it 's just one night . please do not try to find I . please do not give up on I . you - loving , dogcatch husband , walter . int . truck - evening walter scour the street for a place to stay . every hotel he pass have a " no vacancy " sign up . he pull over , frustrated . suddenly , he drive off again . ext . " the _hell " HOTEL - evening walter 's truck be outside . int . HOTEL reception - evening the clerk look at a key rack on the wall . HOTEL clerk room 27 be the quietest . it 's all the way at the back , no one will disturb you there . walter see a key hang from 23 . walter what about 23 ? HOTEL clerk 23 would not behoove you desire . it 's next to the bathroom and we be experience problem with the water system . int . HOTEL corridor - evening walter unlock room 23 . int . room 23 - evening the wall be sodden . walter open he case . it contain a toiletry bag and a few clothes , but otherwise be full of photo of agatha_and Robin . int . kitchen - evening both agatha and Robin push the food around they plate . 68 . int . room 23 - night the photo be all on display . walter sit in the chair by the bureau . he open " the number 23 . " read its disclaimer . walter " all the character in this book be fictitious , and anyone find a resemblance to actual person , live or dead , should proceed no further . '' he turn to the front cover . determined : walter ' I have news for you , Mr. krett , you sonofabitch . he find where he leave off . walter ( v.o . ) the rest of the book be as I fear . int . fingerling and fabrizia' kitchen - day fabrizia , all dress - up , examine discard carton and box ( of milk , juice , various foodstuff , etc. ) in the trash . tiny hole have be cut into they , remove all the number . she open the fridge . all the food and liquid be in little baggies . she pick up what be probably milk . the bag burst open all over she , int . fingerling and fabrizia' apartment - day fabrizia yell at fingerling . he take it -~- meek and gutless . int . fingerling and fabrizia' apartment - evening fingerling scribbles on the once-clean walis . he look up as fabrizia exit the bedroom in a long leather coat . ext . wood - evening fingerling peek out from behind a tree . he Pov : the tree stand on the fringe of a park and twenty - odd yard away , fabrizia , she coat spread open , be stake to the ground under the moonlight as Dr. Phoenix ravish she . 69 . int . fingerling and fabrizian apartment ~ morning fingerling open fabrizia 's closet and drawer -- all empty . he run into the live room , scan the place . it look different -- it 's lose that woman 's touch . he see fabrizia 's engagement ring on the kitchen counter beside a newspaper date november 23rd . he tear a note off the fridge : " dear fingerling , goodbye ... '' ext . fingerling's balcony - night fingerling play the sax . tear stream down he cheek . int . fingerling and fabrizia' apartment - sunrise fingerling stare at fabrizia 's letter . he start mumblin to himself and cross out letter . first go all the we ... he stop . nearly all the letter have be cross out . the one that remain spell : " kill her . " int , hardware store - day fabrizia and Dr. Phoenix buy a butcher' knife . fingerling spy on they through a aisle 's shelf . they leave , laughing . fingerling emerge . walk to a display . see the knife , a special offer at $ 23 . int . dr , phoenix be bedroom - evening fabrizia be in bed , eye close with wrist tie to the post and a sheet over she body . a man in a ski mask enter . he straddle she , slowly peel back the sheet . he freeze , for she torso be bloody . he tug off he mask -- Dr. Phoenix . behind he , fingerling creep out of the closet with a knife . int . fingerling's bedroom - night fingerling awake from a nightmare . he stare at the empty bed beside he . turn to he reflection in the mirror . hurl the sax at himself . ext . rooftop - day fingerling teeter on the edge ... but be not brave enough . int . sergeant's office - day the sergeant be on the phone . fingerling enter . he mouth the word , " help I . " 70 , int , courtroom - day the sergeant dip he head as a jury foreman announce the " guilty " verdict . fingerling mouth the word '' thank you " to the juror then turn to the judge . as the judge sentence he , fingerling 's jaw drop in horror . ext . asylum for the criminally insane - day a bus pass through the main gate , fingerling 's frantic face squash up against the window . int . padd cell - day fingerling pace about , he finger curling and uncurl in frenzied fashion , as if count . he scream , run into a wall , headbutting it . he bounce back unhurt . int . consultation room - day fingerling drop to he knee and , hand clasped together , plead with he doctor . the Doctor take pity , slide a journal and pencil across the table . fingerling grab it , thankful . int . padd cell - day the Doctor run in . fingerling , calm and at peace with the world , lie on the floor , dead . a pool of blood seep from he head , the pencil embedded deep into he skull . walter ( v.o . ) it be not the happiest of ending . the journal , now title " the number 23 , " lie beside he . int . room 23 - night walter turn to the last page . walter ( v.o. ) not by a long shot . the final word be " end " and write below each letter be its value : e=5 , n=14 , d=4 . 5+14+4=23. walter ( v.o. ) unlike fingerling , the number survive to live another day . walter close the book . move to the window . stare at the graveyard across the street . his reflection be oddly blurred . 71 . walter ( v.0o . ) or rather , to kill another day ... ext . graveyard - same ned stare up at walter . he draw the curtain . dissolve to : int . truck - morning walter gaze at he home down the street . super up : february 7 Robin exit in he school uniform . he head in the opposite direction . a car pass he , pull up outside the house . isaa¢ get out . knock on the door . agatha answer . she 's still in she nightgown . she invite he in . off walter 's look of despair we dissolve to : int . the sparrow home - morning walter creep in . the live room be empty . he stare up the staircase . go into the kitchen . grab a butcher' knife , study he reflection in the blade . shit , for a second he look just like ... but now he 's turn and be head upstair . he stride to the bedroom when a noise come from the bathroom -- the sound of water movement follow by a loud gasp for AIR . he pause . agatha ( 0.s.} again . walter throws open the bathroom door , revealing ... isaag_and agatha in the bath together , Isaac hold agatha under_the water . walter raise the knife and we CUT back to : int . walter' truck - morning walter , imitate he nightmare , pummel he steering wheel with downward stroke . he slow . catch sight of himself in the mirror -- craze , inhuman . not himself . he start to cry . 72 . ext . STREET - day walter trudge along , aimless . he stop . stare at he reflection in a tarot parlor window . he 's fingerling . he rub he eye . look again . he 's walter . the tarot reader open the door . tarot reader tell you you future for twenty dollar ? walter what if I already know it ? ext . police station - day locate in a quaint , cobblestoned street . int . police station - the sergeant's office - day walter sit quietly while sergeant cromwell J. burn : study the book . sergeant burn Mr. sparrow , I can not arrest you for a crime you have not commit , especially one you fear you will commit because of a book . walter it 's not just a book . sergeant burn yes . so you have say . ( sigh ; a beat ) know why I have this stripe ? walter you be the sergeant . sergeant burn know why some cop make sergeant and other do not ? they be good with people . good at know people , be able to read they . I look at you and I do not see a killer . I see a man whose only crime be he love he wife too much . I suffer from the same condition . he point to a photo of he wife on he desk . sergeant burn go back to she . 73 . ext . police station - day walter stand on the step , look up and down the street . he see a phone booth . int . live room - day agatha sit quietly . she 's be cry . Isaac be still here . isaac I be try to help . all I do be drive he away . agatha he be come back . isaac T know . I know . ( look she in the eye ) only a fool would not . he move behind she and gently rub she back . agatha you should not be here . isaac I be you friend . agatha I know , but , if he know ... the phone ring . agatha answer it . agatha hello ? walter ? ext , STREET - day walter listen into the phone . agatha' voice walter , be this you ? walter , talk to I ! walter open he mouth to speak when he hear : isaac' voice ( mute ) let I try . walter sink he head . when he look up , everywhere he turn , 2s_and 3 seem to sparkle , like star at night . he drop the phone . flees. 74 . int . '' the _hell " HOTEL - day walter , hot and sweaty , burst through the door , head to the elevator . int . mens ' bathroom - day ymca - style , a long line of basin opposite shower . walter splashes water on he face . stare into the mirror . his focus shift to the shower behind . he approach one . flashcut : fingerling stare at the showerhead in fear . walter count the hole in a showerhead . walter nnear the end ) ...66 , 67 , 68 ... the shower spit out water at he with a hiss . walter yelp , stagger back , stumble to the floor . int . room 23 - day walter press the door shut and lean he head against the wood . something off to one side draw he eye . the wallpaper be peel away , the ol aper visible underneath . " 23 " be etched into it . walter ( v.o . ) the number have go after fingerling . he stare at the room . suddenly , a long , sodden strip of wallpaper on the bathroom - face wall peel away revealing a Mass of scribble and number . walter ( v.o. ) and now it be come after I . another strip of paper peel away . and another . and another . walter grab the door handle , craze scribble and the number 23 appear all around he . the door stick . he tug it again and again , until finally it fly off its hinge . int . corridor - day walter race to the elevator . Hit the button . floor light 2 and 3 flash continuously . he panic , have trouble breathe , see the stairwell . 75 . ext . roof of HOTEL - day walter crash out . inhale deeply . he move to the edge , stare at the world around he , find some connection to 23 everywhere . walter why ? why I ? what have I do to deserve this ? suddenly he pause . he be dangerously close to the edge ... yet that 's not why he have pause . he frown . a dog sit on the church step far below . it 's stare at he . ext . " the _hell '' HOTEL - day walter exit . the dog have not move . it have black , bottomless eye and a silver collar . walter ned ? ned growls . - walter you sonofabitch . this be all you fault . if you have not make I late ... he take he tranquilizer gun from he truck . load it . walk towards ned. aim . just before he can fire , ned bolt into the graveyard . walter oh no you do not . this time you do not get away . walter hold up he hand and step into the road , force a car to squeal to a stop . ext . graveyard - day walter follow ned down row after row of grave -- the same direction as before . we Pov shift to behind walter , as if someone follow he . ned disappear around the other side of the grave . walter inch up . peer over the top . ned be sit on the grave , he howl . 76 . walter now , now . do not cry . just you rest ... in ... peace ! he fire ! the dart stick into ned 's chest , take immediate effect , and he fall asleep . walter look at LAURA tollins ' grave . she live from " february 9 , 19 - - to february 10 , 19 - - " ( 23 year later ) . walter oh that 's just fuck poetic . Dead at 23. okick ned ) you nasty evil ... dog. a beat . flashcut : the last page of the book -- " end . " walter n-e-d ? twenty three . he stare at ned ~~ bewilder . father sebastian ( 0.s. ) ned ? a old priest , father sebastian , stand at the end of the aisle . he brushes past walter and kneel beside ned . father sebastian I trust there 's a explanation for this ? walter be this you dog ? father sebastian he belong to barnaby , my gardener . walter where be he ? I want to speak to he . father sebastian I see . how 's you sign language ? CUT to : walter - carrying ned fireman -style , as he follow Father sebastian across the graveyard . 77 . father sebastian no one know quite how he lose it . some say he cut it out himself . they walk towards a man trimming the grass around a gravestone with a pair of scissor . this be barnaby . father sebastian barnaby ? you have a visitor . barnaby rise . not only do he have no tongue , but also a lazy eye . he be the silhouette and decidedly more sinister - look up close . walter be he ... harmless ? father sebastian yes . he also understand everything you say . barnaby take ned from walter 's shoulder and stroke he . walter do not go get all teary - eye over he . he bit I the other day . barnaby pause on hearing ' bit . ' father sebastian bit you ? but ned 's a sweetheart , never bitten a soul before . walter then what 's this ? he roll up he sleeve revealing the bite MARK . walter and what 's that ? he point at barnaby { who be stare at he ) and a bite MARK on he arm -- albeit , long -since heal . father sebastian Mr. sparrow , if you intention be to sue the church , I warn you , God make a formidable foe . walter I want answer . ask he if the number 23 mean anything to he . father sebastian as I say , he understand what you say . walter ( to barnaby ) what do the number 23 mean to you ? 78 . barnaby continue to stare , then suddenly , move he hand . walter what do that mean ? father sebastian he say you must have do something to provoke ned for he to bite you . walter yeah , I stick my arm out . now answer my question . what do the number 23 mean to you ? barnaby move he hand again . father sebastian he say , without it , the world would be in big trouble . walter what do he -- what do you mean by that ? Father sebastian continue to translate ( throughout scene ) . father sebastian how would we get to twenty four without it ? walter funny guy , huh ? listen pal , I could have this mysterious little pet of yours destroy , just like that . he click he finger . a smile creep over barnaby 's face at the very idea . walter why would you name he ned ? father sebastian he do not . ned be a stray when he take he in . walter he wear a collar . father sebastian yes , he do . 79 , walter where do you find he ? father sebastian right here . he like graveyard . { not sign ) that 's certainly true . ned accompany I whenever I perform a funeral . he 's quite well - know amongst my fellow clergyman , often go walkabout to they graveyard . he sit and stare at the stone , like he 's watch over they . that 's how he get he nickname -~ ' the Guardian of the Dead . ' off walter 's look we CUT to : LAURA tollins ' grave and walter , gaze at it . walter February 10 ? that 's in three day ' time . int . CITY library - information counter - afternoon walter approach a librarian . walter do you keep old newspaper ? int . public record room - late afternoon huge dusty tome surround walter . he search through old newspaper . suddenly , he jaw drop . int . live room - evening agatha and Robin sit in silence . agatha gaze at the mantelpiece -- clear of photo . Isaac enter with two coffee . headlight suddenly shine through the curtain as a car pull into they driveway . robin dad ! int . the sparrow home - evening agatha follow Robin from the live room . he fling open the front door and walter enter , clutching a bundle of photocopies . Robin hug he . walter lock eye with agatha . 80 . walter I be not insane . it 's not just a number . it screw with you head and get you to kill the one you love . it 's true . it 's all -- Isaac appear in the live room doorway . walter -- true . agatha turn to Isaac . agatha perhaps you should be go . walter no . I want he to stay . int . kitchen - evening the sparrow plus Isaac sit at the table . walter hold up a photocopy . of a newspaper article . a headline read : " 23-yr ~ - old student missing , fear dead " with a picture of a woman identify as : " LAURA tollins . '' walter her body 's never be find but she bed be soak in so much blood ... this be the man who kill she . he hold up another photocopy with the headline " laura' professor did it " and a picture of a man , " kyle flinch . " walter Kyle flinch . the police find the murder weapon -- a butcher 's knife -- in a nearby dumpster . it have he print all over it . another photocopy read : " professor's print ' all over ' blood - stained knife . " agatha study it . agatha walter , this happen year ago . walter ag , the police discover he be not just she English professor . they be lover . he tell they Laura like to have she wrist tie to the bedpost . flashcut : LAURA , in bed with wrist tied to the bedpost , say , " I 'm in here ... " 81 . walter point to a highlighted passage in one of the article . walter how she like to fool around in park at night . flashcut : from behind a tree , fingerling watch kyle flinch ravish LAURA under the star . walter Said it be she idea to buy the knife , she want to role - play a attack . he ple innocent but the jury see through that little ruse and the judge lock he up forever . remember what fingerling do in confinement ? flashcut : fingerling scribble into the journal in he cell . walter Kyle flinch be topsy krett . the book be a kind of warpe confession . isaac a dog tell you this ? walter ned 's not just a dog . he 's ' the Guardian of the Dead . ' silence , until : robin why would he write it about you ? why would you want to hurt mom ? walter look at agatha ... and Isaac . int . bedroom - night agatha stand by the window , the book in she hand . walter be at she side . agatha do you remember the name of the bookstore ? flashcut : walter approach the bookstore , " a novel fate . " agatha there 's something I have not tell you . I do not want to ... make thing worse . {a beat} I do not choose the book . flashcut : the book fall off its shelf and land agatha . walter it choose you . agatha gaze at the star . agatha in a few hour the sun will rise . Flowers will open . bird will sing . people will wake up and eat breakfast . Children will wait eagerly in front of tv set for the cartoon they know be go to be on ... 82 . in front of she turn around to find walter stare at she shoe in the closet -- all 23 pair . agatha you be not go to kill I , walter . you could never harm I , never . that , I know . walter look she straight in the eye . walter how do you know ? a beat . he take a blanket and pillow from a closet and int . live room - night walter lie on the couch , watch the clock go int . bedroom - night agatha lie in bed , alone . her cheek be moist . int . live room - night exit . round . walter sleep . the clock click to 02:29 . walter 's eye open . he rise . int . kitchen - night walter stare at the knife block in the moonlight . int , staircase - night walter go up , something shiny in hand . 83 . int . bedroom - night walter climb onto the bed . raise the knife in the air . wait . the alarm clock click to 02:30 . he bring the knife down . again . and again . agatha ( 0.s. ) walter ? he turn to the door . a light come on . agatha stand there . agatha what be you do ? walter look at the bedcover . shredd . blood seeping through . he pull they back . more blood . lot . but _no body . cuT to : walter awake - it's dark and he be still on the couch . int . kitchen - night the light come on . walter stare at the knife block -- qne knife be missing . int . bedroom - night agatha stare into space . suddenly she freeze . the bedroom door be open slowly . walter enter . agatha shut she eye , tight . walter tiptoe to the bed . reaches out . touches agatha . sigh with relief -- she 's alive . he leave . agatha 's eye open . she sit up , she hand come out from under the cover . she grip a knife . int . truck - morning super up : february 8 walter sit with agatha and Robin . robin please ? agatha no . we should not even have bring you . 84 . robin then can I read the book while you be go ? agatha no . walter you dad need the book , son . ext . car park - morning Robin watch from the truck as walter and agatha walk towards a drab , intimidating build . agatha stare at the approach high wall , cover in barbed wire . she slow , hand shaking , forehead perspire -- it 's like the wall be close in on she . agatha I can not do this . I be sorry . I just can not . int , prison - visiting cubicle - day kyle flinch sit on the wrong side of the perspex screen toy with a crossword . he look up as walter approach . they study each other , then , just as walter be about to speak : kyle flinch you be two day early . a stunne beat . walter you ... you know I would come ? kyle flinch you always come . ( off walter 's look ) not today , certainly not tomorrow -- tomorrow 's a ' happy ' day -- but on the 10th ... yes , I always have visitor on the 10th . walter the day you kill the woman you love . kyle flinch the day she be take from I . walter you like play with word ? 85 . kyle flinch word do not judge you . they depend on you . much the same as ... a dog and its master . a beat . walter number be not as much fun to play with , be they ? kyle flinch a mathematician might disagree . ( a beat ) I do not recall you have come before . usually my visitor be full of bitterness , though they try to hide it to appease I . walter perhaps I be different ? because I be two day early ? kyle flinch you be the bird and I be the worm ? sorry , but , I still can not help you . just as I could not help they . walter how many ' visitor ' have you have ? kyle flinch I have stop count . like you say , number be not much fun . walter I be gonna beat it . the number . I want you to know that . walter put the book on the counter . flinch study it , then , puzzle , turn he eye on walter . kyle flinch you be not family , you skin tone 's not oily enough . yet , you do not seem a friend , either . which leave I wonder ... just who you be ? walter you can stop the game . I know you know who I be . kyle flinch I have plenty of time for game , Mr -- 86 . a beat , until walter concede . he wait . he rise . walter sparrow . kyle flinch -- Mr. sparrow , all the time in the world . but believe I , this be not a particularly nice place to spend the night , so I suggest you ask I the question , I give you my answer , and then we can both be on we way . walter okay . why do you write it ? kyle flinch ( with a strange smile ) I will give you ten out of ten for amusement value . ( a beat ) the correct question , usually say with a quavering lower lip and tear in the eye , be , " where 's she body ? " the answer be , have always be , " I do not know because I do not kill she . " as for who write that , I have no idea . I must admit , I be vaguely interested as to why you think it be I , but only vaguely . it be nice meeting you . walter sit down , Mr. krett . or I will prove to the world that you do kill Laura . he put the various newspaper copy beside the book . flinch stare at they , he eye tear up , relive the horror . walter I know this be a warpe confession . but I do not give a shit that you kill you love one . all I care about be how you know so much about I ? why do you choose I ? what be this 23 phenomenon ? because it 's not come true , I promise you . I do not care how weak and spineless you be , itm stronger . I will beat the number . flinch stare at he , incredulous . he sit back down . 87 . kyle flinch do you want to know the worst thing about my be in prison ? my family -- my sister , my parent -- they come to visit . flashcut : kyle 's parent and sister sit across from he in the cubicle . kyle flinch over time the visit get less . my sister stop come . flashcut : kyle's parent sit across from he . kyle flinch I notice my mother would not look I in the eye . soon she stop come . flashcut : kyle's father sit across from he . kyle flinch eventually my father tell I my sister commit suicide , unable to deal with have a murderer for a brother . there be tear in he eye when he say it , but they be tinged with anger , not sadness . flashcut : kyle's father rise . walk away from he son . kyle flinch that be the last time I see he . {a beat ) I do not get death , Mr. sparrow , and they be never let I out , but somehow , I think you problem be great than mine so I shall give you the only advice I can . I do not kill Laura . I love she . that 's the truth , for I have no reason to lie to you . I do not write that book . now , unless I can help you with anything else ... walter stare into he eye . walter what 's you middle name ? kyle flinch ( with a smile ) Jacob , walter nod . collect he stuff . rise . and walk away . 88 . kyle flinch Mr. sparrow ? walter pause . kyle flinch suppose I be to write a book ? I would choose a better name than ' top secret . ' a beat . int . truck - day a wide - eye Robin sit in the back trace a finger over the name " topsy krett . '' agatha she be kill with he knife . Police find it in a dumpster with he print and she blood all over it . he have blood on he hand when he call 911 . walter he 's innocent . I know he be . agatha how do you know ? walter pass she a pad with " kyle jacob flinch " on it . sum reveal he name equal 19 . walter the killer frame he , ag . silence . robin if the book 's about a girl 's murder , and the man the police say do it , do not do it , then ... walter the killer 's still out there . int . unknown study - day a man stand by a window , he back to we . he be on the phone . he hang up . turn around . it be Isaac . 89 . int . the sparrow home - same agatha hang up the phone by the front door . she enter the live room , where walter and Robin sit in silence . the book be on the coffee table . agatha take a seat . everyone stare at the wall . agatha can we sit in the kitchen ? the sparrow head into the kitchen ( Robin take the book with he ) . they sit in silence around the kitchen table , Robin read the blurb on the back of the book . walter rise , pour himself some milk . he stare at the mug 's foty motif . empty the milk down the sink . walter I have to find he . ( off agatha 's look ) I have to . if this bastard frame Kyle flinch for Laura tollin 's murder , who 's to say he 's not plan to ... he can not say it . walter she die February 10th . less than 48 hour away . Robin flick through the book , see the mailbox address inside the back cover . robin I know how we can find he . int . truck - day walter and agatha watch a mail facility across the street . int . mail facility - day Robin walk up to the clerk at the counter . robin hi , I be think of get a box and be wonder what the deal be ? clerk Parents do not like you get porn at home , do they ? nine-ninety - five a month , payable in advance . 90 . robin be it a problem if something come that 's over-size ? int , BOX company - day walter , agatha , and Robin watch as a confuse clerk fill a huge BOX with plastic snow . confuse clerk sure you do not want anything in it ? robin just the snow . the clerk shrug and seal the box . Robin hand he a label for " topsy krett ... " confuse clerk when do you want it to get there ? walter tomorrow morning . confuse clerk it will have to go fedex . walter Fine . confuse clerk be that all ? robin no . we want a hundred of they . confuse clerk you what ? agatha hand he a credit card . a clock chime ... ext . CITY - time - lapse sequence the sun set , the moon appear , and the city shut down for the night . the chime continue into sunrise . one last chime ( the seventh ) and we CUT to : int . the sparrow home - morning - various shot the live room clock show 7 a.m . super up : february 9 walter stare into the hallway mirror , nervously try to perfect he tie . 91 . agatha stare into the bathroom mirror . she exit , pass walter , and head downstair to the kitchen where she collect she handbag . her eye fall on the knife block . it 's full . Robin fuss with he tie in he bedroom mirror . he slip a penknife into a pocket and take one last look at he room . walter and Robin enter the kitchen . agatha take Robin 's hand and walk he to the front door . walter check the back door be lock . on leave the kitchen , he pause . there 's a empty slot in the knife block . ext . mail facility ~ morning walter 's truck pull up across the street . a car ( hereafter know as ' the mystery car 's ) pull up a few car behind they . int . truck - morning the sparrow sit and wait . agatha be a bundle of nerve . agatha he might not be the author . he could be he agent ... he publisher ... he might not even have meet the man . it might not even be a man . walter we will know soon enough . he point to a fedex van . the fedex guy enter the mail facility , exite a few second later with the clerk . he open the back of he van . the clerk be not pleased . the fedex guy shrug and begin unload . the clerk storm back inside , pick up the phone . walter beam proudly at Robin . int . mail facility - morning amazing what a hundred , over - size box will do to a place . the clerk fume behind the counter . int , truck - day the sparrow watch people enter and leave the facility , blind to the car that park in front of they . a old man get out . he cross over and go inside . int . mail facility - day the Old man rummages through one of the box . 92 . walter ( 0.s. ) } you will not find anything in it . he turn around . walter , agatha , and Robin be in the doorway . clerk {to Robin ) hey , I remember you . the Old man stare at walter . he hold up the book . walter we meet at last , ' topsy krett . ' old man no . this cannot be . the Old man clutches he heart and stagger backwards , fall against the box . they slide apart under he weight . snow fly everywhere . he slump to the floor . agatha 's the first to react . she inch forward , kneel over he . robin be he ... agatha go outside . go outside ! but Robin , like he father , be freeze to the spot . agatha begin cpr . after a few breath , she look up at the clerk . agatha call a ambulance . now ! int . hospital e.r. - late afternoon agatha and Robin sit in silence . walter stare into a operating room where doctor work frantically to save the Old man . thing look grim . walter rap on the door and shout : walter do not you die on I , old man . you hear I ? do not you die ! {to the doctor ) he be alive when we bring he in . alive ! do not you dare kill he . a nurse exit . 93 . nurse I be sorry , sir , but , I be go to have to ask you to calm down . walter ask away . my future , my wife 's very life , depend on that man . you can't let he die ! the nurse try to lead he away . walter get off I ! he yank himself free . a security guard approach . agatha , too . agatha walter ? honey ? I think you should take Robin home . walter calm suddenly . he turn to Robin -- stare blankly into space . agatha he should not be here . walter glance back at the Old man . agatha I will stay . I will call you as soon as I hear anything . ext . hospital - late afternoon the sparrow walk to the truck . agatha kiss Robin , then walter . CUT to : unseen person be Pov - watching walter from inside the mystery car across the street . or be we watch agatha ? she turn and head back to the hospital . int . hospital e.r. - late afternoon agatha approach the operate room . it 's empty . she turn to a pass nurse . agatha where 's the old man who be in here ? 94 , int . hospital - late afternoon agatha gaze at the Old man , in bed and hook up to a life - support machine . suddenly he eye open . he stare at agatha . raise he hand . beckon she to he . agatha , cautious , approach the bed , the Old man urge she closer , want to tell she something . she lean over he , she ear above he mouth . he 's about to whisper something ... ... when he life-support machine flat -line . int . truck - evening walter drive in silence . in the back seat , Robin stare into space , eye glassy . we enter they ... flashcut : robin stare at the old man , collapsed on the floor . flashcut : fingerling stare at old mrs . dobkins in her bed . Robin awake from he trance . pull a pad from he pocket ... int . hospital - evening agatha watch as the Old man be take from the room , a sheet over he head . she turn to a doctor beside she . doctor I be very sorry . he walk away . agatha just stand there . she look down at she hand . she hold the 01d man 's personal belonging . on top be a wallet . int . truck - evening walter pull into the sparrow driveway . kill the ignition . turn to Robin . walter you okay ? Robin nod . walter open he door . robin dad ? who choose my name ? you or Mom ? walter I do . why ? 95 . robin no reason . walter get out . Robin stare at the pad . on it be write : " robin wilberforce sparrow " and some number ... ext . STREET - evening agatha , clutching she bag , pace back and forth at the bottom of a steep flight of step . she stop . stare at the step . flashcut : young agatha hurrie down the STREET , her view obscure by the cake BOX she carry . she turn a corner and , passing the step , collide into someone and tumble to the ground . agatha open she bag . navigate the knife , she pull out the Old man 's wallet . flip it open , we see it belong to a " dr . sirius leary . " she look up the step at a tall , grey building . a sign read : " nathaniel' institute . " int . mystery car - same watch agatha . she head up the step . int . nathaniel' institute - evening agatha enter . she head to the elevator . press up . int . elevator - evening two people follow agatha in . one press 2 , the other 3 . agatha press 18 . int . 18 th floor corridor - evening agatha check the floorplan . turn to she leave . she stop by a door : " dr . sirius leary , M.D. experimental psychiatry . " she take a card key from the wallet and swipe it . int . dr . sirius leary office - evening Wall to wall book . agatha hover in the entranceway , she eye sweeping the room . she turn to the filing cabinet . search they . 96 . int . the sparrow home - evening walter hang up the hallway phone and turn to Robin . walter he 's dead . robin why have not mom call ? int . dr . sirius leary office - night agatha close the last filing cabinet . she look around , desperate . see a side door . she turn the handle .. the door swing open , revealing : a laboratory with a kind of dentist chair in the center . beside it be a instrument tray with a array of scalpel and a unusual , drill - like tool . agatha steer clear of the chair . she 's draw towards a tall , steel cupboard . it 's padlocked . she pick up the drill and shatter the lock . the door creak open . agatha' face pale . suddenly , a shadow fall over she from the doorway . she spin around ... gasp ... she hand shoot to she mouth ... it 's isaac . int . live room - night walter sit in he chair , comatose . Robin sit across from he , gaze at the book . he pick up a pen . open to page 1 . start circle every twenty third word : " the " " I " " ig " " op " he stop . ridiculous idea . put the book down . a beat . he pick it up again . turn to page 23 . do the same thing . ute " " you " " be " " reading " this " " you " " be " " onto " " I " Robin 's mouth falis open . the pen drop from he grasp . we hear he heartbeat -- get faster ... and faster ... 97 . walter look at he . Robin open he mouth , but nothing come out . walter take the book , see the circle word . robin ( raspy ) every twenty - third word . walter read the word . his face change . he pick up the pen . continue on from he son : walter " I " " warn " " you " " continue " " at " " you " " peril " " you " " do " " not " " want " " to " " find " " I " he continue , but get gibberish . the next page be the same . robin twenty three word . it 's every twenty - third word , twenty three time , on page 23 . a beat . walter flick ahead to page 46 . tries again : walter " you will " " regret " '' " this " " you " " fool " " trust " " I " " once " " you " " learn " " the " " truth " " there " " can " " be " " no " " turn " " back " " this " " be " " you " " last " " chance " he turn to page 69 . walter " very " " well " " visit " " casanova " " spark " " di beneath " " the " " step " " to " " heaven " " you will " " guess " " which " " one " " I " " warn " " you " '' hell '' " be " " wait " " sparrow " man '' ( a beat ) he 's talk directly to I . he know I will find he . robin but who 's casanova spark , dad ? walter stare at the word , think . a beat . walter tt 's not a person . ext . the sparrow home - night watch the house through the mystery car window . walter and Robin exit with two shovel . they climb into the truck . 98 . suddenly , the Pov shift to that of ... ned - watching walter from the end of the street . as walter drive off , ned turn to the mystery car . it pull away from the curb ... ext . lonely road - night the truck flash past a sign for " casanova's park . " second later , the mystery car flash past , its headlamps dark . ext . casanova's park - car park - night walter and Robin study a map display of the park 's grounds . ext , wood - dead of night walter and Robin trek through with flashlight . they approach a clearing . flashcut : fingerling spie on fabrizia and dr . phoenix through the tree . in the clearing a signpost read : " the step to heaven . " below it , another add : " warning : unsafe footing . don't stray off the path . " Robin shine he light on the stepping stone that disappear through a marsh into darkness . robin how be we gonna guess which one ? walter stare at two eye glint at he from the shadow , quickly recognize the familiar shape of ned . walter stare at the stone . take Robin 's hand . they head across . walter one . two. Three ... at the 23rd stepping stone they stop . the stone continue on to a duck pond . walter jam he shovel under the stone and lever it aside . he start to dig . dissolve to : 99 . view from the tree - walter and robin be hard at it and have a large pit to show for they effort . Robin pause . walter Rest up if you need to . robin it 's not that . I be just think . ( glance about ) what if mom be right ? what if that man be not the author ? what if he be only the guy 's publisher or something ? walter sound like a lot of what if . robin but would not it mean the real killer be still out there ? Robin succeed in spook he dad . walter stop digging , pick up a flashlight and shine it about . suddenly ... ... we be watching from the tree again . we duck behind a trunk as the light sweep past . walter you be beginning to sound like I , kiddo . he bend to put the light down when he freeze . stare into the pit . the flashlight illuminate a ribcage poke through the soil . int . police station - night sergeant burn and two policemen approach walter and Robin . ext , casanova's park - night walter and Robin lead they across the step to heaven . they pace slow near the 23rd stone . Father and son glance about -- frown mirror image of each other . they pit ... ...- have gone . dissolve to : 100 . several hour later - a collection of very deep pit have be dig under various stone . Three pair of very piss eye be on walter . int . police station - very early morning walter pace . Robin sit , study he surroundings , study thing ... thing like the number on officer ' uniform ... walter what 's take you Mom so long ? he tense ... he face drain of color ... down the corridor - isaac talk , mos , to sergeant burn . Isaac see walter stare . Isaac do not smile . suddenly ... .. agatha step out from a doorway . she see walter , speak to the sergeant , and approach she family . agatha I have come to take you home , ext . police station - very early morning agatha converse with Isaac , mos . pull back to reveal - walter' Pov watch out the truck window . agatha peck Isaac on the cheek . Isaac glance at walter , then walk to he car ( the mystery car ) . int . truck - very early morning a light rain be just beginning . walter drive . agatha be quiet . Robin be lose it . robin skeleton do not just get up and walk away , mom . you be right , that old man be not the killer . the killer 's still out there and he know dad 's onto he , I find all this secret message in the book . every twenty - third word -- 101 . agatha {to walter ) how could you let he read it ? robin he do not . agatha but you just say ... she flick through the book , stop at the circle word . agatha how do you know to do this ? a beat . walter look at Robin . agatha listen to I . both of you . twenty three be a number . a god damn number . there 's no curse . there 's no killer run around out there . {to walter ) you be not go to kill I . you love I . you always have . you always will . the old man be dead . the book be history . and it 's over . over . silence . walter turn a corner , hit he brake immediately . ned sit directly in he path . robin the Guardian of the Dead . walter glance at Robin in the rearview mirror , then agatha . suddenly he step on the gas . ned do not flinch , do not even bat a eye , not even when he slam into , and over he . fifty yard on he stop . check he rearview mirror . shadows and raindrop render he view unreward . he turn to agatha . walter nasty . evil. Dead . dog. int . robin' bedroom - dawn Robin be in bed . agatha draw the curtain . it 's raining harder . super up : february 10 102 . robin it be there , Mom . she kiss he and leave . as soon as the door close , Robin get up and start cover he wall with white paper . int . kitchen - morning walter sit at the table , munch on a slice of apple . the door open . agatha enter . walter pick up a knife . cut another slice of apple . agatha stare at the knife . take it from he . she sit opposite and cut the apple for he , slide each perfectly cut segment slowly across the table . walter why be Isaac with you ? agatha he be concerned about I . Isaac be my friend . walter 's eye be draw to she hand ... she fingernails ... she mud - cake fingernails . she follow he gaze , quickly curl she finger up . take the knife to the sink . scrub she hand . her back be to he . walter you . agatha do not do this . please . walter you move the skeleton . but how ... unless ... he flip open a pad . write " agatha francesca sparrow . " it equal 38/70/110 . 38=11 , 70=7 , 110=2 . 11+7+2 be ... 20 ? he stare at the number in frustration . crumple the paper in he fist . notice he wedding ring and ... ... try again , but this time with " agatha francesca pink . " flashcut : suicide gal say , " you know what pink be ? " it equal 38/70/50 . 38=11 , 70=7 , 50=5 . 11+7+5 be ... walter twenty three . 103 . desperate , he try another method : 38+70+50=158 ; 15+8 be ... walter any way I do it , it 's twenty - fuck - three . flashcut : the old typewriter -- the 2s and 3s worn away . walter oh God ... flashcut : agatha say , " i'll write my own one of these day . " walter dear God ... flashcut : isaac say , " whoever wrote it know you very well . " walter you have access to my trunk . you ... flashcut : walter say , " you know I better than I do ! " agatha please do not . I beg you . walter you be topsy krett ? flashcut : agatha say , " he might not even be a man . " walter you write it . which mean ... agatha face he , tear in she eye . agatha do not make I do this . his eye lower to she hand ... and the knife she still hold . int . robin' bedroom - same the wall be plaster in paper . Robin scribbles bizarre 23 fact on they . int . kitchen - continued walter stare at the knife . walter you have be pull the string all along . 104 . flashcut : in the bookstore , agatha tell walter , " it's good . you should try it . " flashcut : agatha thrust the book into walter' hand . agatha no . that 's not true , sweetie . just let it be . walter all this time , I fear I be go to kill you , when really -- agatha -- stop it . please , stop it . walter I will . just hand I the knife . agatha no . I can not do that . walter glance at the knife block : two empty slot but still four more knife available . that be , until ... ... agatha pull it towards she . int . hallway - same Robin stare at he wall . he exit he room and head to the staircase . int . kitchen - continued walter back away from the table , scan the room . walter why would you do this to I ? I love you so much . agatha do you ? do you really ? be it really I that you love ? walter notice agatha 's bag on the counter . something odd poke out . he inch he way to it . walter I have always love you . my whole life start with you . he reach into the bag and ... pull out the knife . 105 . int . hallway ~ same Robin reach the bottom step and turn to the kitchen . int . kitchen - continued the table separate agatha and walter . both hold knife . agatha I take it when we go to meet that man . the one you say you do not know . walter the one who die when I leave you with he . walter look around . everywhere he look , he see 23... even the raindrop on the window seem to be in on it ... agatha follow he gaze ... realize ... agatha put the knife down , walter . you be scare I . do not you see ? you be make the book come true . the number start to glow ... to move ... as if try to break free of there bond . all of a sudden ... ... the door open , Robin enter . the number vanish . Robin freeze . he 's between the two of they . robin Mom ? dad ? agatha come to I , Robin . keep away from you father . walter do not listen to she , son . come here . to I . agatha no ! whatever he say , do not go to he . walter she 's topsy krett . she 's the author . he show Robin the pad . Robin stare at the big fat 23 . agatha it 's not true . do not listen to he . she put she knife down . 106 . agatha see ? now you father will put he down . walter ? honey ? walter look about the room again . the number have return . agatha put the knife down . you be scare Robin . Robin ! Robin be inching towards walter , he eye follow he dad 's from place to place ... and number to number ... walter tell he the truth . tell he how you take the skeleton . agatha yes . I take the skeleton . Robin stop . robin you do ? agatha and I would do it again if I have to . but - I be not the author . walter she 's lie . agatha {to walter ) do not do this . robin who write the book , mom ? do you know ? walter tell he . tell he the truth ! robin Mom ? a tear fall from agatha 's eye . she look from Robin to walter and whisper : agatha you do . a long ... mind -fuck ... beat . agatha you write it , walter . you do . 107 . every line , every furrow on walter 's face come into play . agatha open the pantry and lift out a BOX . she put it on the table . Robin open it , take out a old manus¢ript : " the number 23 , by walter paul sparrow . '' walter you type this . you put my name on it . walter flinch as agatha step forward . she remove the cover page , revealing the followin rawl in handwritin " tq sirius , in exchange for my nightmare , walter , xxx . " she offer he a pen . he do not take it . walter no. no . you be lie . she 's lie . Robin move to he mom 's side . she bring in another BOX . take off the lid and pull out a saxophone . flashcut : the sax sit on top of a stack of box inside the laboratory cupboard . she offer it to walter . he stare at it . the horn end be badly dent . he put down the knife , reach out and take it from she . odd , he finger seem to slip into place . he put it to he lip and ... ... plays . brilliantly . very slowly , all the twenty - three in the room fade away . agatha take Robin 's hand . tear stream down they cheek . walter stop . lower the sax . walter I can play . he pick up the book . walter it be I , in he other hand , he take a knife . look at it . Studies he reflection in the blade and ... become fingerling . : walter oh God ... flashcut : a craze walter slashes at LAURA with a knife . 108 . the knife fall from he hand . walter I kill she . he overturn a box . psychiatric file , newspaper clipping , photo , memento , etc , spill out . he stare at they , not comprehend . silence . walter move to the phone . dial 911 . it ring . once. twice . robin no . Robin cut he off , tear in he eye . robin I do not understand . walter either do I , son . he take Robin 's finger off the hook . Robin wrap he arm around he . walter kiss he on the head , whisper : walter I love you so much . robin what 's gonna happen to I without you ? he look at he mom , eye plead . a beat . agatha walk to walter ... take the phone from he ... agatha you say , you whole life start with I . well , my life begin with you , walter . and it 's not go to end here . I do not know what happen to you , but I do know this : you be not a bad man who get better . you be a sick man who get well . very well . she hang up the phone . walter there 's a innocent man in prison , ag. 109 . agatha and he 's lose everything . nothing we do will change that , but it will change what we have . she pick up he foty mug . agatha you be a wonderful husband and the best father a son could ever have . Robin hug he dad , tight . agatha and I love you . she embrace she family . the doorbell ring . the sparrow part . worried look be exchange . int . the sparrow home - morning agatha and Robin watch , hand in hand , as walter open the front door . it 's Isaac . isaac I ... I want to check ... walter step aside . Isaac see agatha and sigh with relief . int . kitchen - morning agatha , Robin and Isaac enter . Isaac see the box . int . the sparrow home - same walter stare at himself in the bathroom mirror . he exit , trudge past robin '’s room ( the door be open ) . he pause . backtrack . int . robin' bedroom - continuous walter step in . stare at the wall . a pad on the desk draw he attention . it 's the pad Robin have in the truck and on it walter see " robin wilberforce sparrow " and the number 58/116/110 or 13/8/2 or ... 23 . walter look at the wall again . he start to shake . 110 . int . kitchen - day agatha , Robin and Isaac sit at the table . Isaac go to hold agatha 's hand . she shy away . the front door slam . int . hallway - day agatha stand in the open front doorway . Robin run down the stair and hug she . robin where 's he go ? ext . CITY street - day walter shuffles along , aimless , he stop . he 's at the University . ext . university ground - day walter stare at a car park . he look around . student mill about . when he turn back to the car park ... ... it have be replaced by a lawn . there 's a crowd on it . in the center : 22-yr-old walter play the sax . he finish up and work the crowd with a hat , people drop coin in then drift off . he end at a young woman . young woman I have hear it 's ali in the tongue . she wiggle she tongue seductively , drop something into the hat and walk off . walter examine she ' donation 's -- a piece of paper with the name " LAURA tollins " and phone number . back to scene - walter walk away from the lawn ... and it become a car park once more . int . live room - day agatha put the phone down . hug Robin . she look at Isaac -- the content of the box spread over the coffee table in front of he . isaac do he remember anything ? 111 . ext . university ground - day walter sit on a bench . the follow come fast and furious : plashcut : walter and LAURA , hand in hand . flashcut : walter buy a engagement ring . flashcut : walter in a lecture theater . the word " obsession " on the board . below it , examples : shadow , germ , tv star , death and ... the number 23 . flashcut : LAURA awake in bed , be pissed to find her skin a Mass of wild scribblings . fplashcut : walter , all alone , crying hysterically . back to scene - tear flow freely down walter 's cheek . he rise . walk off . ext . STREET - day walter trudge along , gaze at shop window . flashcut : young walter scurry along , wielding a spray can , walter stop in front of the hardware store . the knife have go . suddenly there 's laughter . LAURA and kyle exit the store . ext . light blue apartment build - day walter stare at the wall . suddenly , they become pink ... the sky darken ... evening roll in ... ... bring with it a batter old car , coast up , headlight off . young walter get out . he look around furtively then climb through a OPEN window . ' walter close he eye and we ... CUT to : a black screen - suddenly light appear . odd , it 's slatted ... +.. as though we be looking through a close closet door from the inside . Laura appear . she begin undress . 112 . ext . apartment build - day walter 's eye burst open , fixate on the MAIN door . the sky darken more . it 's night . ' he ' exit ( age 23 ) . he have a plastic bag with he . he scurries towards a expensive lincoln suv . climb onto its foot ledge as ... the suv morph into a dumpster . there 's a clang as Young walter empty the bag inside . he run back inside the building . walter look at the batter old car . walk to it . reaches out and pop the trunk . it 's empty . suddenly , Young walter appear by he side with laura' bloodstained body in arm . he dump she in the trunk ... int . church - day walter sit in a pew , not praying , but watch a man at the front who be . the man rise . walk up the aisle . it 's kyle flinch . he pause , seem to look right at walter , walter mouth the word " I 'm sorry " then , puzzle , turn around . policemen block the door behind he . int , live room - day Isaac study a file . agatha what happen to he ? isaac it seem he suffer from -- ext . graveyard - day walter stare at Laura 's grave . isaac ( v.o. ) -- terrible nightmare . he turn to leave and be confront by dead , blood - stained LAURA . she dance around he , repeat " twenty three " over and over and over ... walter clamp he hand over he ear . 113 . int , live room - day isaac that 's why he never finish college . agatha but I think ... he parent ' death ... Isaac cross - check file . isaac no , it look like he would already drop out by the time they die . and he would already meet Dr. leary . ext . nathaniel' institute - day walter stand across the street , stare at the tall , grey monolith . he cross over . int . nathaniel' institute - day walter stand freeze in the entrance lobby . the receptionist be a woman with grey hair . flashcut : the same woman , behind the same counter , but with red hair and less line on her face . walter walk down a corridor to the elevator , press up . int , 18th floor corridor - day walter exit the elevator . turn to he leave . flashcut : the corridor as it looked year ago -- different wallpaper , different carpet , etc . walter stop by Dr. leary ' 's door . stare at the nameplate . the door open . a cleaning lady come out . she 's be cry . she look at walter . cleaning lady terrible , be not it ? she leave the door open for he . walter sway in the doorway . as_his eye swee ) he room , little thing change : the daffodil in the vase become irise , photo on the ke vanish , various book disappear , get new , etc . int . live room - day Isaac frown , incredulous . 114 , agatha what be it ? isaac he confess . int . dr . sirius leary office - day walter ( present - day ) sit in a chair . walter I kill she . I stab she 23 time . suddenly , a young Dr. leary materialize in he chair . dr . sirius leary the feeling you be experience be only natural . walter no . dr . sirius leary you blame yourself for she death . it 's call misappropriated guilt . walter I be tell you , I kill she ! dr . sirius leary you believe you drive she , through you obsession , into the arm of another man , a man who turn out to be a vicious killer . in you eye , yes , you kill she , but the real killer be in prison . walter sink he head . when he lift it again , he be Young walter . walter tell I how to stop the nightmare . int . live room - day Isaac continue . isaac he tell walter he need a hobby , a distraction , something to give he day meaning . he refuse to even touch a saxophone . the only thing he talk fondly of be book . agatha smile a weak smile . 115 . isaac reading ' fingerling at the Zoo 's be one of he earliest memory . at one session he announce -- int . dr . sirius leary office - day walter gaze out of the window . walter -- I be go to write a book . in the distance be a pink neon sign . it say " _hell HOTEL . '' int . room 23 - day Young walter sit at the bureau tapping away on a typewriter . he lean out , write on the wall . isaac ( v.0 . ) it take he 23 day . Dr. leary think it be -- int . dr . sirius leary '’s office - day walter watch Dr. leary turn over the last page . dr . sirius leary brilliant ! isaac ( v.o. ) he believe walter be purging he undeserve guilt on the page . he tell he to -- dr . sirius leary publish it ! isaac ( v.o. ) -- think it would kick -start a new life . but walter have write it to try and end he nightmare ... Dead , blood-stain Laura whisper " 23 " to walter , she tongue probing the inside of he ear drum . int . live room - day agatha stare at the manuscript . isaac he refuse to have anything more to do with it and view all hobby as pointless . 116 . agatha look at walter 's birthday present in the corner . agatha how do he forget ? isaac Dr. leary say there be a way to stop he nightmare . but it be a experimental procedure -- int , dr . sirius leary office - day walter open the door to Dr. leary 's laboratory . he see he young self sit in the chair . the drill - like tool rest on the instrument tray , bloody . a tube stick out of the side of walter 's head . several wire run into it . Dr. leary sit at a monitor study a 3 - D image of the brain . dr . sirius leary think of Laura . a part of the brain glow . Dr. leary flip a switch and a bolt of electricity shoot down the wire and into young walter 's skull . present - day walter clutches he head . isaac ( v.0 . ) -- and one hundred percent irreversible . the image on the monitor stop flashing . isaac ( v.0 . ) or so he think . walter take he hand from the side of he head . it 's bloody . he start to breathe fast ... the room swirl ... int . 18 th floor corridor - day walter stumble out of Dr. leary 's . ext . nathaniel' institute - day walter flee down the step ... agatha ( v.0o . ) Dr. leary publish it , do not he ? he change the name as a precaution . isaac ( v.0 . } yes . the rest -- 117 . agatha ( v.0 . ) -- I know . ... spin back to they at the bottom . a young man be follow he down . suddenly ... ..- he change into young walter . at the bottom he collide with a woman and tumble to the ground . he sit up , cover in cake . walter scream , a wild , bloodcurdling scream : walter noooco00000 -- he stop , cut_off in he prime . a dog stare at he from across the road . it have black , bottomless eye anda silver collar . walter what do you want from I ! ned walk to the end of the street . walter follow . ned bark at a wall . walter freeze . walter no. no ! graffiti read : " like father like son . " int . police station - day walter burst in . walter I have to speak to sergeant burn ! int . the sergeant's office - day sergeant burn stare at walter . odd , he now have dark ring under he eye . he stare at walter , impassive . walter I know it 's hard to believe , but please , you have to . sergeant burn twenty three be just a number . walter no -- sergeant burn -- yes ! you wife telephone . she say you might pay we a visit . 118. walter agatha call you ? but , wait , no , she ... she do not understand -- sergeant burn then we will ask she when she arrive . walter she 's come ? no . you do not know what you have do . he leave . sergeant burn Mr. sparrow ! it 's just a number ! sergeant burn sigh . he gaze at he wife 's photo , then slide a piece of paper out from a stack . on it be various scribble -- word and number . in the middle be the name ... " cromwell joseph burn '' .. , and its value ... 101/73/74 ... 2/10/11 ... twenty three . sergeant burn stare at the photo . sergeant just a God damn lousy number . ext , police station - day walter exit . ned wait for he . walter ( v.o. ) there 's no such thing as destiny . there be only different choice . there 's a honk . agatha , Robin and Isaac pull up in he truck down the street . walter look at ned . a bird suddenly crash into a window and drop to the ground . walter flip it over with he foot . it have a red breast . Robin clamber out of the truck . start run towards he . walter look up and down the street . 2s and 3s everywhere start to sparkle . and then a bus turn the corner ... -a no. 23 . walter ( v.o. ) be the number just a number , or be it evil ? be ned just a dog , or be he truly ' the Guardian of the Dead ' ? 119 . walter look at Robin ... at agatha ... at ned ... beside whom now stand the vision of suicide gal . suicide gal I guess he just do not love I enough . walter ( v.0o . ) finally , I understand . I have write the rule . it be time for I to play by they . walter turn to the now fast -approaching bus . gaze at agatha . she lock eye with he . he mouth : walter I will never forget you . he walk down the step , continue right off the curb . brake squeal and ... the screen turn red . odd ... ».. it seem alive . move . flow . walter ( v.0o . ) you can call I fingerling . walter lie on he back in the middle of the cobblestone road , stare at the blood seeping from he head . walter ( v.o. ) it 's not my real name , but come from a book I read as a child , ' fingerling at the Zoo . 's ext . graveyard - day a large funeral crowd . no one we recognize . the name on the new gravestone read : " LAURA tollins . '' walter { v.o. ) Paper flap long go , it have a green , hardback cover and mottle texture , and be possibly my very first book . we pull away and , camera about knee - high , weave across the grounds , past the grave of sirius leary ... jessica flinch ... walter ( v.o. ) funny , I can not recall what it be about , the only thing I remember be the name . ' fingerling . ' I wish it be mine . 120 . not far away - agatha and robin stand by a gravestone . it read : " walter paul sparrow father of the year for every year we know he " walter ( v.0 . ) now it be . a man walk up beside they . look at the gravestone . walter ( v.o . ) it be not the happiest of ending . but justice . be serve . the man face they . it 's Kyle flinch . kyle flinch thank you . he walk away to a elderly man and woman -- he parent . agatha take Robin 's hand . she turn to leave , see : not far away - ned sit under a tree , watch they . walter ( v.o . ) while I do not particularly like the choice I have to make ... Robin follow he mom 's gaze . ned look he in the eye then glance around the cemetery . Robin do the same . 2s and 3s on_ grave suddenly ... ... sparkle in the sunlight . and Robin be see they . agatha what be it ? Robin look at he mom , he turn back to the grave . walter ( v.o.} ... I know I make the right one ... all the number fade away . robin nothing , mom . it 's nothing . ned walk off . 121. agatha and Robin set off in the opposite direction to a car . Isaac 's car . walter ( v.0 . ) ..- and from where I be now , it make perfect sense . we pull up , into the sky , until we be looking down on the graveyard from a great height . various location stand out : the bookstore , Nathaniel 's , the sparrow home , casanova 's Park , the Shell Hotel , police station , etc . weird . if you join the dot between all of they , you end up with a number ... = fade out . the follow titlecard appear : " be sure you sin will find you out . " follow , a heartbeat later , by its source : number 32:23 the ned .